In Plain Sight: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Plain Sight 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Plain Sight (2016): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 In 1955 in Uddingston, Lanarkshire, nine years after policeman William Muncie's work put him in prison Peter Manuel is released and proceeds to taunt Muncie with greetings cards. Having picked up lonely Mary McLauchlan Manuel rapes her, threatening to kill her if she gives him away. She picks him out at an identity parade but he defends himself superbly in court and is acquitted whilst Mary is vilified. Muncie, however, is convinced of his guilt, especially after another young woman, Anne Kneilands, is sexually assaulted and murdered. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I know, I know, I understand that. There's a conspicuous absence of plainclothes personnel, Stella. Well, any time, any time. You have a nice weekend. And you, sir. Not half, not half, no. Surprise! Happy Birthday. Daddy, you have to make a wish. A wish, you say? Done. Right, can I have some cake now, please? No, no, I never saw that one, no. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Magic moments... My God... Sandra, not so hard. Ach, don't worry, Mrs Muncie, I can take it. Want one? Er, no, no, I'd better not. According to Agnes I have given up. Yes, he has given up. How's things down in the lab? Progress is being made slowly, but I managed to persuade Glasgow University School of Medicine to donate a microscope. Papa, pour vous. Merci, sweetheart. You're welcome. The telephone call that tied up the line For hours and hours The Saturday dance I got up the nerve Here, take a look at that. Are you concerned, sir? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's come to your home. That's out of order. It's just posturing, that's all it is. He's been out three months, he's kept his nose clean thus far. Don't say anything to Agnes, though, cos I don't want her worrying. Understood, sir. Now the woman you attacked last Sunday had a three-year-old son with her. That wee boy had to sit and watch while you punched and kicked his mother. What do you say to that? I'm innocent. The woman that you attacked last night said she'd had an operation. A woman's operation. Said she was in pain. She said she begged you for mercy, but you went right ahead and raped her anyway. What do you say to that? I say if you're trying to make me puke, you're doing a bang up job. You're not a boy any more. There's no more approved school. There's no more borstal. This time it's gonna be prison, and for a good long while. I'll see you when you get out. I'm still gonna be here. Don't waste your time. Chubby Miller thinks he's God's gift. You work in Livingston's, right? You're on the machines a few rows over from me. Don't worry, I wouldn't recognise me, either. It's those shower caps they make us wear. I'm Barbara, but everybody calls me Babs. Mary. Are you on your own? I'm waiting on some friends. They were meant to be here by now. Ba-ba-ba-baby. You're looking good, Babs. I'm having a conversation, Tony. Lovely hair you've got, Mary. Aye. My dog's got a lovely coat? Why don't you go somewhere you're wanted? All right. Later, alligator. Dipsticks. Actually, I was thinking about dyeing it. Why? Don't do that. I'd kill to be a redhead. 'Dear Ma, I am watching the best years of my life roll away. And I can tell you, it's no picnic. You tell me I'm best to do my nine years and forget Mr Muncie, but unfortunately for him I am not made like you. So with sincerest apologies and deepest regrets, I have to tell you that my mind is made up. One way or another, Mr Muncie is going to pay.' No, that'll be tuppence - and it hurts. You'd better hurry, you'll miss your bus. Thank you. Thank you. Come on. Stupid girl. Hello? Hello?! Hello! Hello! Is there anybody there?! Hello! Say a word and I'll murder ya. I'm gonna cut your head off and bury ya. Don't... peep. Smoke? No. No, thank you. Crazy day. Crazy, crazy day. I've been down in the dumps since the moment I woke up. I even went down to the Clyde to drown myself this evening, but... when I got there I remembered I can swim. Sorry you felt down in the dumps. You should be. You see, when I get down in the dumps, I just... I feel this overpowering need to murder someone. Are you cold? No. Do you want my blazer? No, no. I'm fine, thank you. Suit yourself. I've never done anything like this before. Maybe it was your hair. You see, I had a fiancee once and she was a redhead. So maybe that's what did it. Maybe if you'd been blonde I wouldn't have laid a finger on you. No... Am I boring you? No. No. Shall we? Come on, I'll see you home. It's the least I can do. Come on. I suppose you'll be reporting me to the police? No. I'll go with you now if you want, tell them what I've done? No. I just want to get home. I think I'll take off my shoes. Hi, hi, hi! You've not been eating your carrots. You could do some serious damage with this. Why don't you go? 'He had a knife.' He told me if I screamed he'd cut my throat. That he'd cut off my head and bury me. That must have been very frightening for you. I told him I had two children so he'd think I was older. Yes, that was good thinking. He just said I was telling fibs. And then he started kissing me, touching me. I told him to stop but he wouldn't. Then he started pushing against me. 'So five foot four, five foot five, dark hair, smartly dressed, a smoker. And then this... business with the American accent. Does that sound about right to you, Mary? Yes, sir. Now I know it's a tall order to ask you to be precise about such an ordeal, but are you sure about these times? Because three-and-a-half hours seems like an awful long time to be sitting in a field in the middle of the night. I'm sure, sir. He said he was gonna keep me there all night. Did he give you any reason for wanting to do that? No, sir. We're nearly there. You're doing great. Now is there any... anything else that you can remember, Mary? It doesn't matter how small it is. I think he might live on our estate. What makes you say that? I think I've seen him before. I think him and his dad take the same bus as me to work. Are you OK? Mr Manuel? What the bloody hell do you want? As if it's not enough. For you to deprive our Peter of his liberty for nine years for crimes he dinnae do, nine years! No, that's not enough, is it? No. The disgrace to our family. The disgrace! Muncie, I'm talking to you. Yes, Mr Manuel, I'm aware of that. Bastards. Peter! Mrs Manuel. How's your work at the hospital, Theresa? Fine. Peter! Detective Inspector Muncie. Long time no see. What brings you here? I was in the field... just not with her. Your father said you were in all night. I'm his son, he's looking out for me. You mean lied to the police. Come on, Muncie, keep the old buffer out of it. I told you I was there. Now, show me what you've learnt since our last encounter. Dazzle me with some detective brilliance. If you weren't with the victim in the field, what were you doing there? Checking on my snares, seeing if I'd caught any conies. Poaching rabbits? Guilty as charged. We found a sheath knife in the field in a location consistent with where Miss McLauchlan said you'd thrown it. She identified it as the knife you'd used to threaten her with. Any fingerprints on it? The knife matched her description. What? Sharp and pointy? Where did she get this stuff? The only reason my knife was in that field was cos of Rusty, my dog. He was sniffing about the railway tracks so I slung the knife at him to scare him back to me. When Miss McLauchlan picked you out of the line-up, you looked at her in a manner that suggested that you knew her. Why was that? It's a nice bit of WPC you've got on you there, boys. Mr Muncie asked you a question. You look awful fetching in that uniform, darling. Watch your mouth. I like there's a wee smack of romance in the air. Peter. Yes, sir? Had you met Miss McLauchlan before? No. Did you get my birthday card? You're gonna hear that Peter Manuel just loves the sound of his own voice. Peter Manuel's all mouth and no trousers. I don't want any of you getting taken in by any of that. Because Peter Manuel is a very real threat to the women of this community. In 1946, when he was out on bail, he seriously assaulted a young mother walking home with her child. Four days later he attacked and sexually assaulted a second woman. And the very next day he attacked and raped a third. He did nine years in Peterhead for those crimes and he very badly wants to make up for all that lost time. Mary McLauchlan was the first. I want to make sure that she's also the last. Now he's up in court on Tuesday and he's got a chance of bail. It is our job to guarantee that there is enough evidence for a conviction. Well, good luck. Get on with it. Come on, Ma, let me have my grub, standing there all gloomy. Is there something you want to say to me, son? Like what? You know. You think I did it, don't you? You think I did that to that poor girl. That hurts me. I don't want to hurt you, son, I want to help you. If that's the best you can do, feel free not to try. Morning, Hugh. Morning, sir. Go on. Bill. Sir. Too many man hours on this Manuel thing. That's just because I don't want to leave anything to chance, sir. The lassie wasn't raped, no theft. Your approach is out of proportion. I'm not sure Mary McLauchlan would see it that way, sir. Well, she's not your boss. You've got Sherriff "Bang 'Em Up" Boyd on Tuesday. There's no way the nasty little tartar's getting bail. It's not just the bail, sir. We've also got the trial to consider. Look what he got up to last time. He lost. Don't be getting obsessive, Bill. Let the lawyers deal with the trial. Sir. We have some items of Manuel's clothing. And the footprints from the field exactly match the tread on his shoes. Also, thanks to our new bit of kit, I was able to ascertain that soil found on his shoes and trousers was consistent with samples taken from the field. And then there's this. A significant quantity of dried semen. Just like 1946. Premature ejaculation. It's the fear in his victims which arouses him rather than penetrative intercourse. It's not just about catching them, Laird, it's about finding out what makes them tick. Yes, sir. This is excellent work, Hugh. Thank you, sir. Remanded to Barlinnie pending trial, sir. Thank you, Sheriff Boyd. I think we're allowed a wee smile, Iris. "600 mourners were in attendance at the Friends Church in Fairmount, Indiana. An estimated 2,400 fans gathered outside the church." For a poxy actor who bawled and grated his way through a grand total of three films? People are mugs. And you could do better I suppose? I will do better, pal, and I'm not some poxy actor neither. Yep. Thanks. Manuel's put in a request to conduct his own defence. The prison doctor's examined him and declared him sane and fit to plead. The cocky wee arse is definitely stuffed now. For God's sake, Duncan, he did the exact same thing nine years ago. Represented himself in court. The judge even complimented him on his professionalism. Nor does anything without a reason. It says that women are more likely to poison their victims than men. Isn't that curious? Bill? Why do you think... Why do you think Manuel kept Mary with him for three-and-a-half hours when he'd got what he wanted in ten minutes? Well, there's no mystery there. He... wanted to drag it out for as long as possible. Poor girl. Mr Manuel? Mr Manuel?! Miss McLauchlan, have you ever spoken to me at any time prior to the night of Saturday, the 30th July, 1955? I'm sorry, Miss McLauchlan, could you speak up, please? No. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you've heard one version of what transpired that fateful night. Now is the time for you to hear the truth. Somewhat embarrassing facts which, to spare Miss McLauchlan's blushes, I declined to tell the police. Objection, milord. On what grounds, Mr Farrel? There is a danger here that he may seek to unfairly influence jury opinion with unsubstantiated statements not made under oath. Indeed there is, Mr Farrel, and now the jury have been alerted to it. You may continue, Mr Manuel. Thank you, milord. Is it not true, Miss McLauchlan, is it not true, Mary, that for some weeks prior to the night of 30th July, 1955, you and I had been, as the saying goes, romantically involved? Miss McLauchlan, His Lordship did not ask you the question, I asked you the question. No, that's not true. Furthermore, is it not also true that on the night in question, I told you as tactfully as I was able that I wished our affair to end? You were saddened by this information and that I tarried at your side to proffer you some comfort. Her silence is eloquent, is it not? Ladies and gentlemen, what other plausible explanation can there be for the fact that the witness, by her own admission, spent over three hours, half the night, with me, a total stranger she would have you believe, in a field. No. He's lying. He's lying! He's lying! They say hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Well, I've certainly learnt my lesson in that regard. No further questions, milord. Please, sir, you can't believe him. Calm down, Miss McLauchlan. I swear to God, I've never met him before in my life. Miss McLauchlan! Please... He's a liar! Miss McLauchlan... Please? There she is, there's the slag. Aye, you tart. Have a heart, boys. Life's not easy for gingers. Mary? Mary? Mary. The law let you down badly today, but I want you to know that I will not rest until Peter Manuel's behind bars. Och, leave her alone. You promise me? I promise you. Hello, darling. Hello. Mum, he's early. Well, don't just stand there. Come in, Douglas, she's just getting ready. Thank you, Mrs Muncie. Sir. Douglas is taking our daughter to the pictures. Which one was it again? Lady And The Tramp, sir. You don't let her out of your sight and you get her back here by 11 o'clock sharp. Yes, sir. I'll just go check on Jane. Jane? Right, I'm off out. Doing anything nice, son? Ask me no questions, Ma, I'll tell you no lies. Bye, son. See ya. What is it, Bill? Do you remember Jane up at View Park? Got on at me, got on at me to make the fence stronger around about the hen house. Yes. Me being too busy, and then of course the fox getting amongst the hens and she wouldn't speak to me for a week... You can't build a fence around every house in the country, Bill. I know. If, heaven forbid, that monster does strike again, you will catch him. They will put him away for years. What if this time he does something worse? What if this time he doesn't leave a witness? Excuse me. I see you dyed it then. Yeah. It suits you. Do you want to dance? Definitely. You're an OK dancer. Thanks very much. Sorry about the old trot. What's your name? Private... Private Andrew Murnin. You? Private Anne Kneilands. You know what, Private Kneilands? What? I think 1956 is gonna be a good year. She was so badly beaten that her hands and her arms which she'd held up to try to defend herself were broken. Wembley, '38. Sir. He traipsed all over my crime scene and that's the bombshell? C'mon, please tell me you've got something else? A fingerprint or something? We can't use fingerprints. A motive then. He's a psychopath. That's all the motive he needs. That's egotism. Come on, Charlie, I'm front page news. What do you think? There's no question you will be the belle of Belleshill ball. It's Manuel. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 