In Plain Sight: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 In Plain Sight 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 In Plain Sight (2016): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Following Isabelle Cooke's disappearance a cocky Manuel visits the police station with a prepared alibi. Volunteers search for Isabelle but find only her coat and with no body Muncie cannot charge Manuel whilst Muncie's informant Joe Brannan is unable to extract any confession from the suspect. Then 12 year old Michael Smart and his parents are shot in their beds and the home robbed. This sets Muncie on the way to arresting Manuel when notes stolen from the Smarts' house are proved to be the monies with which Manuel bought Joe drinks. The case is closed with Scotland's most prolific serial killer being executed in 1958. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 'He had a knife.' He told me if I screamed, he'd cut my throat. Manuel's put in a request to conduct his own defence. The witness, by her own admission, spent over three hours, half the night with me. He's lying! The law let you down badly today. But I want you to know that I will not rest until Peter Manuel is behind bars. Do you really want another Anne Kneilands on your conscience? She's not on my conscience, Muncie, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 because Peter was here that night. Webley, .38. What you got that for? 'The first time I arrested Manuel in '46 for house I saw the exact same thing that I saw at 18 Fennsbank Avenue today.' Hello, Peter Manuel. Manuel murdered my wife and my daughter, Mr Muncie. There's nothing he can say or do that can unsettle me. You tell Muncie, he'll need to do a lot better than you. Son, that's a proper pair of gentlemen's gloves, there. You stole these things, Peter. I cannae get anything without you saying that. Girl's gone missing. It's Manuel. Here I am. Public enemy number one. Our Theresa said you'd spoken to her. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That you're on the warpath about some missing girl and, well, given our history, I thought it wise to come prepared. It's a record of my movements since leaving home on Christmas Day. So, you're saying you've been in this city the whole time. In bars and drinking clubs, the pictures... Aye. That's something I do when the mood takes me. A film spree. You can check with all the usherettes. They'll all remember me. I guarantee it. Yes. It's very helpful you've provided us with all the names. Aye, well, when I'm turning on the charm, I always start with an exchange of names. See, I'm very partial to the usherettes. It's the tray of goodies. The uniforms. What happened to your uniform, by the way? I'm CID now. Is that right? Well, congratulations, darling. Old Muncie - What did you do for sleep, Peter? He's all business, this one. I just napped around. Bus, pub. Flick house, greasy spoon. It's funny that, because at home I'm a terrible insomniac. Where were you yesterday evening between the hours of 6:00. Sorry, did I neglect to include... Without your crib sheet. Dracula. 6:30 showing at the Scala. You should get your boyfriend to take you. You could cuddle him at the scary bits. You ever seen this young woman before? Well, I think I'd remember. It's a nice-looking lassie, that. Her name is Isabelle Cooke. That's the Mount Vernon lassie you told my sister about. The missing one. No. Never seen her before. Don't lower the boats? It's not been 24 hours yet. Maybe there's some perfectly innocent explanation. I don't know how you kept from smacking him one in there, sir. Without a body, there's no arresting him. That's my priority now. Plough every resource into finding her. You really think there's no chance she's alive? I'm sorry, sir. Just wishful thinking. Joe Brannan? Who wants to know? Superintendent Muncie, Hamilton CID. Good for you. You're not in any trouble, Joe. I just want a word. Been doing well since you got out, Joe. New job. New house. I'm commending you, Joe. I'm saying "Well done". Well done and how's about being a rat? That's what this is about, right? Manuel? Informing on somebody that's killed four people in cold blood isn't being a rat. And now there's this. Do you think this was him as well? I know it. Christ. We've been tailing him for a while now. I've got eyes on him. I need somebody who can hear what he's saying. He's very chatty just now. Wants an audience. And you've got his trust. You can get close to him. You could save somebody's life... and can get paid for your trouble. No-one would find out? I give you my word. Er... Where are you going? You appealed for volunteers to help with the search, so I. Gwenlie said she'd look after the girls. I'm not sure I'm comfortable with you coming on this search. I want to help, Bill. I take it you've heard about the Reverend Houston and his wife? What? Well, while we were all at the church on Christmas Eve, The presents were stolen from under the Christmas tree. A camera, a pair of gloves for the reverend, a silk ladies head scarf that Doris bought for Frances. It's all gone. Do you know what my first thought was? Was it Peter Manuel? Did they report it? I assume. Actually, can you write that down? My notebook's in my pocket. Before I forget. It's going to be a quieter than usual Hogmanay. Everybody's leaving. You know, I wouldn't be adverse to you taking the kids to my mother's. Peter Manuel is not running us out of town. I'm so sorry, Mrs Cooke. Up closer, son. Tea for the hard-working mechanics. That is very welcome. There's Agnes. Coo-ee! Hello, Doris. Peter. You have a happy new year. And to you. Have a lovely holiday, Michael. You too, Mrs Muncie. Bye! Wouldn't do for us to have only one lamp to see by all the way to your uncle's. Thanks, Marion. Coming through. There we go, boys. Peter. A little pending money for you, son. That's mighty kind of you, father. Good to see you again, Joe. Been a while? Hasn't it just? I was beginning to think you were avoiding me. You know how it is. Gainful employment. Wife and children. Family man? Aye. Happy Hogmanay. Cheers. And at you, two. King Kong and Gormless. My two baby-sitters, courtesy of Detective Superintendent Muncie. I'll tell you, Joe, I'm starting to think that plod fancies me. Aye, aye. He's moving. He's going to the lavvy. Relax. Evening, lads. Ain't you ever heard of windows? Enjoy your dump, shithead! "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one." Happy new year! Happy new year. Hey, what's this, young Mr Bob-a-job? Can't sleep. Well, that won't do. We'll have to be up and out in six hours. Glasses off. Scoot down. All right. Feels nice. Course it does. I'm an expert. Where are you off to? I'm joining the Isabelle Cooke search. Hop in. I'll give you a lift. I'm going to the quay to try and find her. It's one of the muster points for the volunteers. That's the old Dunkirk spirit. You know, everybody pulling together. That's them. Thanks, again. If it isn't Superintendent Muncie. Where were you between the hours of 2:00 and 7:00 on the morning of Wednesday the 1st of January? Happy new year to you, as well Wednesday the 1st of January, between the hours of 2:00 and 7:00am, where were you? I was here. All night. You're lying. He's not. We were all in New Year's Eve. Ask your boys, if you don't believe me. Your boss needs a lie down, Detective. He's not looking very well. Get statements. Aye, come a way in. Make yourself at home. Where were you? About 3:30, we went to get a car cos of the cold. You both deserted your post? We thought they were all asleep, sir. The lights had been off for over an hour. Then when did you return? About 6:00. We went to get something hot to eat. Get out of my sight. What time did it happen? Sometime between Wilson and McLeod leaving and coming back. A couple of hours. That's all he needed. Why them? Why the Smarts? Because of what he is. He felt the urge to kill. He knew he didn't have much time. So, that's it? Three people wiped off the face of this earth because they were the most convenient? Little Michael. God. Little Michael. "Scout packs and vigilante groups patrol the streets." Women sleep with knives beside their beds. Ironmongers and locksmiths report record sales of locks, padlocks, and deadbolts. "The people of Lanarkshire are living in fear." Alibi or no alibi, Bill, we can still get him for this. Right from the start, you had his number. Thought he was just a snot-nosed thief. But this... You know, Bill, there'd be no shame in you handing over the reins. I could put a call in to Glasgow CID. Have them run things. No, absolutely not, sir. I'm fine. Well... Don't work too late. Sir. Thief. Here. Sir? This was empty, right? Yes, sir. Excellent. He's made a mistake. In all the other murders, he's never stole a penny. He's never mixed stealing with killing. But Peter Smart's wallet was empty. The evening before, he was supposed to go off on a five-day holiday. And this morning I spoke with an informant who was with Manuel on New Years' Eve. Manuel was broke. His father even gave him a few bob just to keep him going. But the very next day, January the 1st, the day after the murders, Manuel took that informant out on a pub crawl. Spending money like water. Buying rounds wherever they went. And all the time, with brand-new blue one pound notes issued by the Commercial Bank of Scotland. Peter Smart's bank. Now, I went to his branch in Uddingston. And they confirmed that on December the 31st, Peter Smart withdrew £15 in brand new one pound notes. This is the list of the serial numbers. They're all consecutive. This is a list of the drinking establishments they went into. Now, if you can find these banknotes in these pubs, then we'll have him. So, let's get to it. You two. Sort out a watch. Twenty-four hours. Now, until we've got him. And you stick to him like glue. We will, sir. Yes. Have they gone to bed? Aye. What are you doing? Thinking about all the things I'd like to do to them two plods. Do you never think about our ma and what this is doing to her? Don't start. I know we've never been the best of friends, Peter... but you're still my brother. I don't want to see you hanged. Hanged? What are you on about? Well, that's how this is going to end. No-one's getting hanged. I haven't done anything. Go on. Go to your bed, nursey. I want him arrested early. PC Lowe will be in charge. I want Manuel off balance. I want him surrounded by faces that he doesn't know. And do not, under any circumstances, engage with any of his backchat. I want a welcoming party waiting here for him. I want you to get every single report you can lay your hands on. WDC Laird is going to conduct the interview. I want a woman in there goading him and needling his male pride because I want him humiliated. And I want him angry. Yeah. Get your hands off him! Get off! Leave him alone! What's going on? Get in the car! Open the door for him. Get in the car! Go. I take it the scarf was for you, Mrs Manuel? Yes. It's very pretty. Peter's always had good taste. Very artistic right from when he was a boy. Well, then, would you mind telling me why something so precious would be kept underneath the kitchen sink? I bought it. I bought all this stuff so Peter would have something to give us on Christmas day. You're always there for him, aren't you? Covering his tracks. What do you mean? Where? Where did you purchase these items? They were from some spiv down at The Stag. They were stolen on Christmas Eve from the home of Reverend Houston. I didn't... I didn't know. You don't fool me! You don't fool me! I didn't know! Mum! It's all right, Tess. It's all right. It's all right, Tess. My girl. It's all right. It's all right. You'll notice how the serial numbers on the notes stolen from Peter Smart's wallet exactly match those found in the cash registers of The Stag, the Woodend Bar, and the Gordon Club. All establishments which numerous witnesses stated you visited on the night of the 1st of January 1958. Buying rounds of drinks for men who'd like nothing better than to see you hanged. And all with crisp, new notes... stolen from your victim's wallet. Not really criminal mastermind material, are we? Peter? Not one flaming word, sir. I blew it. No, you did not, Laird. We've got him exactly where we want him. He's not talking because we've got him in a corner. He's down there with his mind fully occupied on how to dodge the Smart charge. It's good for us. Cos that means he won't see me coming. This is our chance to get him. And not just for the Smart murders, but for all these victims. He's always been torn between getting away with it and seeing his deeds written in headlines ten feet tall telling the world how clever he is. After what he's been through for the past few hours, he's never been closer to giving us just that. Full confession. Right now, the only person that wants the truth to come out. You want one? I have to hand it to you, Peter... never seen so many reporters in my life. Not just the Scottish papers, either. Manchester Guardian. Mirror. News Of The World. The Times of London. You have nothing. Is that right? No murder weapon. No motive. The most you can charge me with is stealing some cash and a car. I mean, who in their right mind would give a lift to a copper after slaughtering three people? You're not in your right mind. Are you? You think you're a gangster. But you're not. You're a psychopath. You're a psychopath that murders women and children. People asleep in their beds. You think you're a hard man, but you're not. You're a milksop. You're a wee boy that goes round to his daddy when the going gets tough. That's what they're saying out there. That it was your dad... that helped you dispose of Isabelle Cooke's body. He's always been there for you, though, hasn't he? Your good old dad, and his little van. So, we've arrested him... for aiding and abetting in the disposal of a corpse. Father and son. Partners in murder. Not a bad headline. You're bluffing. Am I? All this time we've known each other and you still haven't got a clue. Peter Manuel doesn't need anybody's help. Must burn you up? Knowing that if you'd been running things when I did Anne Kneilands, you might have been able to stop me. That seven innocent people would still be alive. All the pleading. All the screaming. And there was nothing that you could do. Nothing. Let the old man go. I'll show you where the Cooke girl is buried. We're standing on her. Take him in the car. The arrested man has made a full confession. And he's been charged. Over the course of the last two years... this man has killed eight of our own... and caused untold grief and fear. But men like that are the exception. They're not the rule. And there is some comfort that we can take from that... in the rarity of such terrible things. I'd ask you now to go home to your families, please... and say a prayer for the victims and their loved ones. Thank you. Well done. Yes, I will. I'll be there first thing. You too. Bye. Sir. He's asking for you. Sir. We did it. Yes. Yes, we did. What can I do for you? I want that press told I'd never have shot Michael Smart if I'd known he was just a child. Anne Kneilands was a child, though. Vivienne Watt was a child. Isabelle Cooke was a child - Come on, Muncie. You know what I mean. I'm no child-killer. Why did you go back to the Smarts' house? To get the car. No, that only accounts for one of your return visits. We know that you went back to that family's home at least three times. Why? Was you first visit, was it too rushed? Did you need more time to savour what you'd done? I went once, for the car. It's the gospel truth. You know... You're not the only person who can lie, Peter. We arrested your dad for reselling stolen goods. Never posed any threat to your share of the limelight. Goodbye, Peter. You walk away from me... Nobody walks away from Peter Manuel! Do you hear me? Do you hear me, Muncie? Do you think you can lead me a mile? This has just started! Do you hear me, plod? This is nae over! Peter Manuel has not finished yet! Do you fucking hear me? Subtitles by Deluxe resync + fixes by shoky 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 