Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e7 - Mixed Messages - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Mixed Messages - full transcript 
 The couples have an opportunity to communicate with their significant others. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... I'm still very upset with John. He said something about going bonfire to bonfire, see what his girlfriend does. - He's in a really hard spot. I think it's, like, really tripping him up, and he's having a hard time processing it. I feel like I've been torn with this decision on, is, you know, is John the one for me or if I'm supposed to be in this relationship. And I feel like I kinda know the answer. If she cheated on me, it was the end, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and that looks like she pretty much cheated on me. Letting Morgan in has been so amazing and so great, but it's going to rip Kaci's life apart. I closed my eyes because I just really need to stay in a good head space, so you need to respect the fact that I cannot watch that video. I am telling you I'm gonna walk off. Walking off. Done. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You're not gonna tempt me. Hi, guys. - Hello! - Good. It's just a roller coaster. Like, I just... I'm thinking of the absolute worst. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like, I just don't wanna... I don't wanna lose it and embarrass my family. I didn't think it was gonna go like this. I don't think you can even comprehend how hard this is for me. Like, I don't think you guys are really, truly getting how hard this is for me. When I watched the clips, like, I don't even recognize him. Yeah, I thought it was gonna be different. He's getting things from other girls, like, one girl, it looks like, specifically, and he might be ruining something that he's not gonna be able to get back if he takes it too far. Well, obviously, the bonfire tonight was pretty sobering to me. It's a little bit of a punch to the gut and the heart. I mean, I have no idea what she's thinking in her head. I don't know what broke her down to decide to allow this guy in her bed. Ugh. I don't know. It's just... It's a lot to take in. Obviously, the video of my girlfriend was a little more detailed, inviting him into her room and having a little hot tub fun or whatever. I don't wanna be with a weak woman, you know? She talks about me being, like, a weak man or a man that's not alpha enough for her, and then she goes and does this. You think I'm weak? - I don't think you're weak. I'm just saying we came in with set rules, you know? And... I know. I came in with set rules, and I broke them. Hearing you guys talk about it is just... kinda making me feel like how you all feel... I've done it to Kaci, and... You guys came in with a lot more of an open situation. Yeah, man, but we made the rule, man. Y'all know that I'm not allowed to have any girl touch my bed, and I already broke that. You know, after hearing them say, "How could you let some guy in your bed?" knowing full well that they've seen me, and I've let Morgan in mine, it's just a bummer, you know? I'm worried about what the boys think of me, and, uh, their opinion is very, very important to me. I'm not angry with them. It's just hard to... hear it. You're not weak, bro. You're fighting a temptation as well as us. I feel like the weakness is in your relationship. Yeah. - Can I get a hug? - Yeah. - You good? - Yeah, I'm okay. I have lavender on my hands. It's calming. Oh, man. Um, well, I didn't watch my clip. I closed my eyes. - Really? - Yeah? I really wanna enjoy my time here, and watching the clips just makes my anxiety really bad. My clip, like, didn't have any talking in it, so I'm just scared, like, he's already, like, hooked up... hooked up with someone. Like, if he's had sex with someone, then I think it's over. - Oh, yeah, 100%. It should be that way. Mark told us we have, like, a chance to, like, do, like, a 30-second message to them that they're gonna see. Like, I don't even know what I'm gonna say. I wouldn't give him nothing. I'm being dead serious with you. I wouldn't give him nothing. - Yeah. I mean, I know it's hard, but at some point, you gotta know when to let go... - Yeah. - Or when to put your foot down. I feel like a lot of your men believe that you're gonna come back home... - Regardless. - In the same situation, and it don't matter what they do. It only matters what y'all do. I don't want you to underestimate us as women as well going back to them and saying it's not okay... - Mm-hmm. - And breaking it off. Like, we're realizing a lot of shit here. Mm-hmm. - Like, that's deep. - Exactly. And it's like a big deal for us, and I'm not gonna be swayed back in. Like, I'm learning shit on my own as an independent person... - Mm-hmm. - Without him, and regardless if I'm in a relationship or not, like, I'm glad I'm here in this experience with people that have experienced a level of depth that I haven't experienced before. I'm at that point now where I'm realizing all these great qualities that make me me. Like, I've realized things, and I'm gonna take that forward in my life. - And I respect that. - Like, I have to discover myself and identify why I am questioning my relationship and why I'm not in that deep, deep love. I'm not gonna be afraid to, like, uncover what I've discovered here. Yeah. - Preach. - So you hanging in there? You doing all right? - Yeah, I'm... I'm good, man. Just hurt, bro. Um, like I said, I don't know what happened after that clip, but you're getting in the bed with another man. I... That's... To me, that... That shows weakness. We're in the same boat, man. Like, same thing said about my girlfriend, and kinda same action. Both... both getting into bed. Me and John... we've had our ups and downs, but he's in a very emotional state right now, and so I'm not gonna push anything. I'm not gonna question anything. I think right now he needs someone he can be raw with, and I think that that's me. We apparently have the option of sending a 30-second message to our girlfriend, so... Do you know what you're gonna say yet or... Yeah, I'm just gonna say, "Hey, you know..." It's really sit... really setting in of what's happened. I'm just gonna... "Hey, I thought we were strong enough "to go into this... and obviously we're not. And I just hate to see that you resorted to that." And, you know, I'm just gonna kinda spill my heart. - We'll make it outta here, man. We will make it outta here. - Oh, shit. Man. - It's tough. - I know. - It's tough. Thanks for being there for me. Of course. Always. John deserves a good woman. I've said it a million times. I don't think he deserves the treatment that he's getting from the other end, and I'm actually really glad that I can be here for John during this time that he's very emotional to help him cope and help him heal through this process. I wish I could say something that would, like, make it all better. I'm so sorry, John. - So you feeling okay? - I don't know. Obviously, me and John saw some things we didn't wanna see. - Right. Having that clip in my head of Nicole getting in bed with somebody has affected me. As much as I wanna get rid of that, I can't stop thinking about it. I mean, Brittney came up there, and we have to pass my bed to get to the balcony. She asked could she stay up there. I was like, "Uh, no, that's not a... I'm not ready for that." So I'll just say, 'cause, like, I'm really close with Brittney. I think it's gonna be really important for you to explain to her that if something happens between you two, it's not out of, like... - Spite? - Spite. - Yeah... Yeah. Because she's afraid of that. - Yeah. It's gonna get more difficult, and me and Brittney have had a hell of a connection, but I'm still thinking about Nicole. She has not left my mind from the day I got here. The devil's saying, "Do this." My angel's saying, "Relax. Just chill out. You're good. Don't do it." I chose to go on a date today with Johnny. He's the person I have the most connection with in the house. It takes a lot for somebody to turn my head, for somebody to kinda make my heart flutter. I never thought in a million years that I'd find somebody that I have a genuine, true connection with that gives me the feels. I mean, you just make me feel, like, really alive... - Good. - And giddy and good and happy and warm and fuzzy. It's just... I feel like I pray for somebody like you every day. Um... I'm here, and it's like, really? I've been praying for answers for months. - Yeah. - And it's crazy that it happened here, too. Kady and I have been meshing well since the start, and I think that I show her the excitement that she's been missing. I bring out a side of her that she knew was there all along, uh, but she hasn't felt in a relationship, I don't think ever. Give me a kiss. - I'll take that. - Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm all right. Erica's a nice, sweet girl. I took her on a date early on. We went ziplining, and that was amazing. So I'm gonna take her on my second date with her and get to know her a little better. I've never had a fresh pineapple. - A fresh pineapple? - Whoa, I'm so sorry. - Oh, my God. - Wow, a fresh coconut. Are you okay? Is the sun, like, hitting you too hard? - Erica does impress me. She has a little spice to her. She's Latin, and she has a little attitude, I've noticed. She's kinda a little feisty in her own little way, and those are kinds of some things that I do like in women. I've been seeing you a little bit in the kitchen, kinda watch your little face in the background, like, little mugging a bit sometimes, or... - What? - I've been seeing you. - No. - You do have, like, a little mug. I don't know what for... What is a mug? What is that? You're like... I'm like, ooh, I seen that. - Wait. Did I really? - Yeah. I am starting to, like, focus more on one or two people. And so this is getting a lot more serious for me. I don't wanna walk away from the experience having any regrets. Who knows where this thing will go? Maybe I was looking at myself in the oven. Oh, my gosh. - Mahalo! - Thank you. You, too. - Mahalo. - I'm glad I picked Justin because I feel like we both have an issue with opening up to people, so he pushes me to open up more, and we're a lot more similar than I thought initially. I know at first when I came into this initially, I was like, "No, you can't have friends with the opposite sex." Like, but now I feel like that's, like, immature. But I feel like you're like that because he made you like that. - Yeah. - You know what I'm saying? It comes to a certain point where you learn that when you really can't control somebody, you wanna let them go. - Yeah. Like, if you love something, you let it be. You let it go. - Yeah. - And if it's meant to be, it's meant to be. I'm becoming my own woman, and a part of that is a little fearful for me personally because I just don't wanna go too far off the deep end and not be able to come back, and that's one of my fears. If something happened, I definitely will want you to reach out. - Yeah. So that's where I'm at. He's probably making friends and connections with people, too, so I don't really see why that would be a problem. This is my third date with Tyler. I think he's really pulling out a side of me that isn't necessarily current in my relationship. I know that's pretty deep, but, it's, like, refreshing to not be judged and really just kind of, like, be free. If you were to go home tomorrow, right, what would be the biggest thing you took out of this whole experience? I just feel like I've been trying to figure out how to do a relationship for the last couple years, and, like, I've been doing it, but I feel like I've just been doing it to one person's standards, and I feel like I'm figuring out, like, different perspectives on how much to compromise and how much to be myself. Well, this is amazing. Whoo! Look at this. Look at this! Look at this! Luna's the perfect guy to pick for this date because I'm definitely struggling with, like, getting in my head. He helps me, like, really get some good perspective. He makes me laugh. He gets me out of my funk. All the girls, like, freaked me out, 'cause they're always talking about, like, "It's a frat house over there. Like, there's no way it's like our house," and I'm just like, "Don't tell me that." Like, you know, that's the reality, though. - I know. Yeah. - And to be honest, like, we're human beings. - I feel like if it's hard for us, it's hard for them. - Exactly. I just came into this so frustrated with Evan. I was really really oblivious to the amount of anger that I still have with him. I wish I could take it back. Like, I made mistakes, too, and I could treat him a lot better. I wanna, like, hold his hand, and make out with him and, like, I just wanna let the past go. You're not gonna fall out of love with someone in two weeks. I'm pretty sure he's still entirely in love with you. Thank you. I never expected in a million years I'd meet a girl like you here. I really, really care about you a lot, and I wasn't expecting it at all. I thought I was gonna come here and be tempted and maybe realize that I just wasn't supposed to be with Kaci, not actually meet the person that I might wanna be with forever. I'm gonna give everything that I have, even if I have reservations because it seems right, and that's never happened before, so I'm just going with it and seeing what happens. Might get hurt. Might not. Morgan, all I want is you, girl. All I want. It's me and you. I definitely needed to get out here to relax after the last bonfire. - You're a good man. - You think so? - You deserve someone good. - I appreciate that. It's true. I appreciate that. I feel great with Brittney. She's supported me through my emotions, what I was dealing with, with my past bonfire. A date like this is absolutely what I needed. I'm just kind of worried about you, though, like, 'cause I think it could get worse. It could get worse, but that might get me... That might be like a release for me as well to be like, "All right..." - Yeah, it's perfect. - Yeah. Tell me why. Tell me more. - You already know. I feel super connected to you. It's so crazy. - It's so weird. - Yeah. I mean, I am a firm believer in what happens is, you know, what's meant to be. I'm the type of person that needs physical touch, so I'm trying very hard, like, to just stay a faithful guy, to be 100% honest. It's tough. This might be the best date I've ever been on. I'm really happy. You make me feel like such a creep. - Man, you ain't shit. Jack's on that shit, boy. - Who won? - I did. Do you know that me and Kady... - What do we do? - Are the longest to get ready? Kady knows. Is everybody else, like, chillin'? All right, you need a pillow or are you good? I can definitely tell at this point that Tyler likes me. I didn't expect to come here and kind of reciprocate that action, but we do have a strong connection, and it just makes me realize that you really just have to go with your gut and, like, with your heart to really figure out what your next move is. I just feel like coming into this, I was just, like, yes, I'm in a relationship, but seeing Kaci, I'm like, damn, I didn't know that anybody could even be in love to that depth, and I just, like, I wanna feel that someday. But you should, like, still always feel those butterflies. Like, you should always, like... Those should just not go away, and if they do, that's... that's... you know, like, you should feel special every... day. If you're not being treated the way you deserve to be treated, don't make excuses for the reason you're not being treated those ways. Do you know what I'm saying? - Yeah. Are you good? - Yeah. I'm... I'm clean. I'm solid. I'm good. You are solid. Shari, your ass in those pants, I just can't even! I just can't even, girl. - Love you! - I love you. I'm at a point where I finally feel like I'm able to be myself, and it feels good. I'm getting to know everyone, and I wanna get to know everyone in the house, but at the same time, I definitely feel like me and Justin have a lot more similarities than we both realized. I mean, in general, this whole situation it just, like, a lot. It's not that it's necessarily wrong. It's just that I just don't want you to feel forced because you're in this situation. I don't know. Out of everybody here, you think I'm forcing it? If you met me outside of this situation, you feel like you would still connect with me? - You're smart. You're loyal. You're all these things that makes me think you're strong enough to figure the situation out. I'm okay with having faith. - Yeah. - You know what I'm saying? - Yeah. - So... That's what it comes down to. I definitely have feelings for Shari. It's tough for me to try and get to know someone who's already in a relationship, but it's a chase, and I like something that's not easy to get. I feel like anything worth it isn't gonna be easy, and that is attractive to me. Stop walking around like that. - Like what? Already controlling? - No, you struttin'. - Literally, this is how I walk. Strut, strut, strut. This will be an interesting match. Look how cute he is, sleeping. Javen, you're cute when you sleep. - Can I scoop in? - Yeah, you can scoop in. - I missed you. - Did you now? - I did. - Good. - What was your favorite date? I know what hers is. My favorite date, easy, was zipline. Ohh. This is your first disagreement. Which date was it that you started falling in love? - Wow. You thirsty? I'm gonna get a beer. Hey, Mark? Give me some brotherly advice. - What's going on? - We're talking about John. Do you think that she should keep her distance or try and talk to him? John's girlfriend was in the bed with someone else, and I think I need to understand where he's coming from more, because right now there's potential for me with John. I'm gonna tell you right now that John's turned off to every single emotion right now. That's why I've given him complete and total space. Yeah, he maybe... he slept about 45 minutes last night. You know, the, uh, the video messages that we're... we're allowed to send to our girlfriends? What he can say in 30 seconds... - Wait, what? You guys have something that you say to them? How does it go? - We have the option to send a 30-second message and let them know, you know, what you're feeling or what you want them... Just anything, you know? You got 30 seconds. When did you guys do it? I'm not doing it. He did not send her a message telling her that it's over. He is scared to pull the trigger. That bothers me. That is going to make it to where I'm not gonna fully, fully believe him. I'm not sending a message. So you have the option to or not to? - Uh-huh. The three boys did. I'm not. - Hello there. - Hey. - I'm tired. Just wanna lay with you. - You have a good time? - Horrible time. - Terrible. - The worst date I've ever had. It just feels really synchronistic with Karl. The draw is so powerful and so supercharged, but to be honest, a connection that powerful actually scares me, because the last time I felt it, I had my heart absolutely shredded, and the guy that I was in love with chose another woman. I think we should just go sleep upstairs. - We'll wait here. - Innocently. - What? - Just sleep. - Where? - In your bed. Just come get in my bunk with me. This is gonna be a challenge, though, not being able to, like, touch you. Let's go to bed, then. We'll go to sleep. Are you sure? - About what? I'm not sure about anything. Brittney and I are sharing a connection right now, but it's a major struggle knowing in the back of my head that I do have a girlfriend. She's been patient and understanding, but she's letting me know also it's very tough because she feels a strong connection, and as do I. Okay. Okay. I can't wait to have that one-on-one with Kady and just... - What is it gonna change? What is she gonna... It's not gonna change anything, basically. I'm finally opening my eyes to that and realizing that she's been manipulating me over the course of us dating and has made me really feel like everything is my fault. - I know. This is hard. This is really hard. And, like, I'm thankful for you opening up to me. It just makes me feel like I can get closer to you and trust you more. Every day it's like John gets more and more attractive to me. I don't believe in his relationship. I believe in John. It's just like, are you willing to let go of what's holding you back? I'm ready to find somebody that I'm really looking to settle down with. I'm looking for an emotional connection first, and obviously, I'm attracted to you. What do you think? What is it, after every storm, there's a rainbow? I wanna see where your head at before another night go by. I guess I'm getting to the point where, like, this shit matters to me. - Mm-hmm. Kady is definitely the only person that I have a romantic connection with, but I think over the past few days, from Johnny and Kady, you know, obviously getting a little closer, she's gravitating towards him a lot more, but I'm still in the game, and I'm not going nowhere. Looking at it from a selfish point of view... - Mm-hmm. - This is my life. - Yeah. - And so for us, this is... Stakes are high. I want you to respect, like, what I have going on with Johnny. I respect it enough. I know... Yeah. I think that Johnny and Wynn handle the situation with me being in the middle, um, differently. They're cool, but there maybe is a little underlying tension. Is Wynn good? You guys good? Yeah, I mean, I just had to redirect for the seventh time. I'm... I'm here with the limited time with you. All right. I'm pretty tired, but I should probably go to bed. I don't really care if the guys wanna try to date her and make their... their run on her. I mean, for me, it doesn't really matter. I just... I know at the end of the night that her and I are together. At this point, her and I have something pretty real, and it's probably the best connection out of anybody here. Come in! - It's Wynn. - Hey. What's happening? - Wynn, what the...? - You got a minute? - Yeah. Wanna talk? - Not even. What's up? I'll just talk it over with Kady for a minute. - What's going on? - He said he just wanna holler at me for a minute. I think it's really creepy and weird that if a grown man is in bed with a woman that you would knock on the door and come into her bedroom, and I was raised a little bit better than that. But, um, you know, I think at this point, it's just a desperation shot. I don't know why I feel obligated to come check on you. He spent the night here last night, and nothing happened, and, like, he didn't even try to make a move, which I find really respectful and respectable. I almost feel like he's making it a point to make a scene to come to the door, um, to "warn me" about Johnny. He could have warned me about him when we had a conversation an hour ago, and he didn't. Good night. - What the... was that? Yeah, he's just trying to step it up and all that. Just ignore him. Yep. I think Karl brought me here to really test me, and I'm very anxious to see what the message is. We all have the urge to communicate with our boyfriends. I'm really just curious about how his entire experience is going over on the island. Hey, what's up, babe? I just wanted to check in quick. First off, I love you and I miss you. This experience has been crazy and fun at the same time. I'm a little disappointed, um, kinda hurt by some things I've seen, but that doesn't change how much I do care about you and love you. I figure we can meet at the end of this thing and figure out what our next direction is. I love you. Keep having fun over there, and, uh, dive into this experience. I thought his message would be more, like, self-reflecting instead of judging. I feel like being here has really taught me a lot just about myself, and I don't know if he can really understand what I've been going through. I mean, he brought me here to test me in our relationship, but this is honestly just a test to myself to really, like, pull me back into myself so I can allow my heart and soul to go out to other people in the world. Seeing Nicole be in bed with someone else... It's in the back of my mind. I'm real tense, and I'm just like, all right, what is going on here? I'm not sure if she thinks everything is all good or what, but I wanna just see her face, see her smile, and see where we're truly at with each other. I really wasn't expecting to come into this experience, but I'm really glad that we did because it's making me realize that our relationship through the last two years has really been surface level, and these men and women here have made me realize that there's a whole new level of depth that we can really uncover in our relationship, so I'm not sure where you're at and how your experience is really going, but I'm excited to get home and really, you know, open my heart and soul to you and, you know, figure out if we can communicate that back with one another. I love you. I've been in relationships where they have been, you know, just had more substance to them, so I'm aware that it can be a lot more deep, and it has seemed very surface level for me, so I feel as if, you know, that's something that should've came out of my mouth to her. Today's a big day. Part of me, like, wants to see him, and, like, wants to hear his voice, and I want him to explain to me what's going on, and then part of me, like, I just wanna get through this, and I don't know if seeing it will help me get through this. I knew it. My God. I'm not gonna lie. Like, I'm a little bit hurt that there's nothing in there, but I think when he sees the message I left for him, I don't know what he's seen in these clips, but he probably thinks I'm having fun, and I think it's gonna get real for him... and I think he's gonna get emotional. I'm the only one of us that didn't send video message. I don't wanna hurt Kaci, and I can't help but feel, you know, every single emotion from, you know, happiness to absolute despair. I respect her too much to try and tell her in 30 seconds. Even though we may love each other doesn't mean that we're supposed to be together forever. Hi, babers. I love you. I really, really miss you. I'm having fun. I think you'd be so proud of me. Just be the man I know you wanna be, 'cause I'm seeing the old Evan, and I know that's not who you are, and I know you wanna make me proud, so just please do that, 'cause I don't want you to have to give up on me and give up on us. I just could see it in her eyes that poor girl's hurting so bad. I'm hurting the person that I've cared about the most for so long. I know I'm gonna break Kaci. She doesn't deserve this. I've been here for... I've shared my entire life with her. And not having Kaci here every day with me, I've realized what we've been through together and why we're so close-knit, why we've stuck together. - I miss Kaci so bad. - I really do. , man, am I a scumbag. I hope Javen left me a video message. I mean, I can't imagine him not, but I'm just curious to see where his head is at and if he feels like he's grown so far in this experience. My mind's just racing, and I just wanna know. Hey, baby girl, hope all is well. Hopefully, you're hanging on there on the other side. Hope you're genuinely doing connections organically and getting to know people. I'm enjoying my experience. I'm getting to know people. I'm developing as a man apart from you. I'm learning a lot about myself I hope you're learning a lot about yourself. Hopefully, at the end of the day, we can come together, connect, you know, and just to share our experiences. Miss you, obviously. Think about you every night. And, you know, make sure you're having fun. Loosen up a bit. I'm loosening up as well. And keep me in mind. Javen looks like he's in a good head space, and he's doing good, and I'm proud that he's doing good. We're both learning to be open-minded and more accepting of relationships outside of each other. It's okay, and I'm glad that we're both kind of having that growth. Hopefully, my girlfriend's having a great time. I can't wait to see that message from baby girl. She's beautiful, everything I asked for, you know. I wanna see her come out as the best woman she can be, and I wanna come out as the best man I can be, whether we're together or not. Hi, my love. I just wanna say that I love and miss you so much. I feel like I've grown. I've become stronger and more grounded, and I just wanna let you know that you're strong, too, and I hope that you've grown in a positive way. I'm interested to see where we go from here, and I love you to the moon and back, and I can't wait to see you. That was nice. Baby girl... She's beautiful as ever. She said, you know, "I love you to the moon and back." It's something she always says to me. I'm glad to see her smiling. She looks positive. She looks happy. Yeah. I love you, baby girl. I love you. I truly do. I'm really nervous. I'm not sure what John's gonna say. I don't know where his head's at. I'm sure that there are things that he's seeing that are hurting him. I'm really curious and nervous to see if he's even sent me a message. Oh, good. Shit. - Hey, Kady. I love you, babe. I miss you so much. I think this is something we didn't realize we should've signed up for, at least for my part. I saw some bonfire video that I was very disappointed to see, and I'm very upset by that. And it really hurts me to see that, and, uh, you might have been triggered by some bonfire video that you've seen of me. I've tried to maintain my loyalty to you, faithfulness to you, and, um, that's just all I wanna tell you right now. I don't want him to hurt, and I don't want to break his heart, and I feel like I did disrespect him. I feel bad, and I feel like I've made a mistake. I don't know. I'm confused. I sent Kady a really heartfelt message so I'm not sure if she's feeling bad or if she just is completely done with me or what, but I have no clue what's gonna happen, if we're gonna be able to stay together with all this that's going on or if we're gonna go on our separate ways. So, yeah, it was really tough not to get a video message from Kady. I came here thinking we were so strong and we're gonna get through this together. I even was gonna propose to Kady if she could get through this with loyalty and respect, and that obviously didn't happen. Yeah, I didn't get one. I didn't get a video from Kady. - That's tough, bro. - Yeah. It's tough. So, you know, I was thinking three options. She's feeling too guilty to send me one. She is angry at me for something, like, that she saw, or she likes this dude that was in the last clip. - Right. - Or she's just realizing she don't wanna be with me, you know? That shit pisses me off. I'm... I'm sorry. Like, it's not my relationship. That's not my girl, but that shit... I think you'll... You're a good dude, bro. It's like, is she even thinking about the big picture? Like, the fact that... - Right. She's gonna have to move out of my house. This guy lives in New York, like, and if she can really fall in love, like, in this short amount of time that we've been here, man, that's just telling me a lot about how she is. Evan, you all right? Man, my, uh... my clip was not hot, man. Um... She's crying, man. You know, just saying she's seen some things and she's seeing the old Ev, basically, and, uh, but telling me that I'd be proud of her on how she's conducting herself. I don't wanna be no monster. I just don't know, man. I don't know, man. I feel like I'm just a scumbag both ways, bruh. I'm all twisted, man. I feel like I'm just... just... up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 