Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e8 - The Beginning of the End - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Beginning of the End - full transcript 
 The couples ponder the consequences of their actions on the island. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... I just don't want you to feel forced because you're in this situation. - You're smart. You're loyal. You're all these things that makes me think you're strong enough to figure the situation out. - Hey, Kady. I saw some bonfire video that I was very disappointed to see, and I'm very upset by that, and it really hurts me to see that. - Hi, babers. I love you. I really, really miss you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Be the man I know you wanna be, 'cause I'm seeing the old Evan. I just could see it in her eyes. That poor girl's been hurting so... bad. , man, am I a scumbag. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You're not gonna tempt me. - What is going on? - I just got a clip from Kaci. You know, it's just painful as... You know, I've had a problem with hurting the people that I love the most. In my past, I-I've decided, you know, to go wrong, and that's the thing. It's a conscious decision to screw up and not only screw up but hurt someone else. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've lived, you know, a blessed and cursed life. I just hate feeling like a monster. You're not a monster. I know what I have to do, and it's just... And I know you... you say that, you know, it's gonna be... it's gonna be... up. You know, she's obviously seeing clips of us, and, you know, she's saying that, you know, just... that she's seeing, like, glimpses of the old Evan. I'm pretty scared about the whole situation because I have no control over it. Evan could possibly change his mind at the last minute and wanna be with Kaci, and everything that, um, he had said to me could be out the door, and I mean, I... yeah, I really... I don't know what's in store fully. Nobody expected this. Nothing's changed. Good. 'Cause that's what I'm scared of. What did Karl say? He said, "I'm very disappointed and hurt. "I'm curious to see, like, when we come back together, "what... what's gonna happen, and I hope you dive into this experience." Dang. You know, I was the one in my relationship that didn't really wanna come here, but I think by being here, I'm realizing that we haven't been diving in emotionally, and I kind of feel like he still just has, like, expectations and standards for me that I can't really reach because I don't understand them. Coming here made me realize, like, yes, you compromise in a relationship, but you have to know when you're compromising too much. - When it's too much. - Yeah. Like, every time I do something for him, it's because I'm, like, "I love you and..." - Aw. - It's because you want to. Wow. Now I kinda wish I had a message. Nicole and Shari are talking about preparing for the worst. I just can't really wrap my head around what's happening, to be totally honest. Um, this is so not how I thought things were gonna go, and I'm just not ready to really think about that right now. I really, truly think that he thinks, like, I'm just having fun over here. - Yeah. And he doesn't wanna mess up my experience any more than he's already messed it up. Do you feel like he feels guilty? Yeah, I think he's probably in panic mode. 'Cause he realizes that he takes things too far? He's impulsive. But if he did hook up with someone, are you done? - Like, have sex? - Yeah. - Yeah. I just, like, it's unimaginable. I really don't think he would have sex with someone. Like, that's crazy. You know, we had the video messages. I can't believe she didn't send you one. Like, what the..., woman? I would love to talk to her. She's blind... - Mm-hmm. To how great of a human being you are. Yeah. This relationship that he's been in for however many years, all of a sudden, it's being fully revealed to him that his girlfriend's a dick. I am so glad that I sent Kady the video that I did. You know, I'd actually... - What... What did you say? - I couldn't even... I said, uh... I said, "I love you. I wish that we hadn't signed up for this." Um, I said, uh, "I've seen some things that are "very upsetting, but I wanted to let you know that I've been completely loyal to you," and I was breaking down when I said it. - Mm. Good for you. - But 'cause I literally was, like, this would be a great test for loyalty, and then we can get married. - Such a blessing, John. - Yeah. - She would torture you. - Mm-hmm. I came in way too confident, I think, as far as where Kady and I were in our relationship and thought we could get through this, but at the same time, I don't regret signing up. You know, it's just sometimes, you don't wanna... You don't wanna know the truth. I can either just be... Have a heavy heart... - Yeah. - And just feel sorry for myself the rest of this experience here, or I can open up to Katheryn. "Temptation Island"... We're getting close, and now it's time to play the game. It's getting down to the nitty-gritty. Oh! Hi. I would totally normally be down for a dare, but I'm not trying to, like, get cr... I just... I'm not in the right mental state right now. I'm just conflicted on what to do with John. Like, I felt like I was so sure the other night, you know, that we weren't meant to be together, and then... now these, like, second-guessing thoughts are just creeping back up in my head. I'm in such a negative head space right now. We have our own shit we're figuring out. It's fine. - Don't feed into it. - Okay, so first of all, I'll start with my video with John, and just, like, seeing the pain on his... in his face, it was just heartbreaking to see him broke down and start crying in his video. I feel really... guilty, and I feel really selfish. You know, I like to say, like, oh, my relationship comes first. I would never be that girl, or, you know, I would never wanna be a cheater, but makes me feel weak that I, you know, that somebody's tempting me. I'm thinking, oh, my God. What if I made a mistake as far as, like, whatever's going on with John? There's so many things... - But this whole experience is about learning more about yourself. - Yeah. - And I think you came into this so strong, so the fact that you're actually having those sense of emotions and you're vulnerable scares you. I didn't think I would be this vulnerable in this situation. I didn't think that it would be this real. Welcome to "Temptation Island," the scavenger hunt. - Whoo! You know, the last couple days have been pretty heavy, and so we wanted to lighten things up. So we decided to do a scavenger hunt. Team up into groups of two. I'm gonna take Morgan, obviously. - Hannah, we got this. - All right, we're partners. - Kayla, I guess we rock it. - Yep. Let's rock it. Grab your partner and time starts right now, so each team gets a camera phone. So these are the things that our teams had to accomplish. You wanna read 'em? - One was take a shot. - One down. And then take a pic of a guy in their bra and panties. - I think I like this. - Oh! We're crossing things off our checklist. - Okay. - Everybody was having fun. We had to do everything from recording the best lap dance. - Hey. - To wearing a bra and panty. Those are my panties! Aah! And you had to pick up a toad, give it to somebody else, and I said no. I got your visual. Go on and get it! - It's a toad. That thing's kinda buff, too. It got the little legs, and it's just sitting there like rawr. No, stop pointing him at me! Oh, my gosh! The scavenger hunt was hysterical. But lashes let you bat to the masses. Javen was really disappointed that he did not win, sadly. I need all my lashes after this. I know, I know, I got you. I need all my lashes after this, please. - Keep your eyes closed. - It was fun as hell. I had a blast. - Next thing is jump in the pool with your clothes on. - Okay, I got it. Me and Hannah destroyed everybody in the scavenger hunt. Work it. We ended it in first place, and I think that there was zero drama in the house because of the fact that Katheryn was asleep. - Beautiful shot. Get that 14 in the pocket. - Where's Karl at? I feel like I need to do some hard-core flirting just 'cause I'm bored. Have you gotten anywhere with that? Oh, no! Hey, fellas, you wanna meet me out at this gazebo? - Ooh, look who it is. - Come on. Let's talk. - All right. - All right, now that you guys are a little bit further into this, and you're sort of honing into where your connections are, elimination is gonna happen... right now. So each of you need to choose one lady to put up for elimination. Wanna take a moment to discuss who you wanna eliminate? - Okay. - I'll be right back. Talk amongst yourselves. I don't know what the... Is going on. I need you all to keep Morgan around for me, bottom line. Like, I know it's a little selfish, I'm sorry, but, like, she... she's gotta stay for me, all right? You know, people are, you know, putting their hearts and, you know, I mean, their souls on the line. We're not here to make friends. It's... It's not conducive to why we're all here. - Ladies, here's what's up. I'm here to tell you that we're gonna have an elimination right now. So I asked the boys who the four ladies are that they're considering for elimination. Four? Jeez. So who's the first person you'd like to consider? So the first one is gonna be Lindsay. All right, Lindsay. - Allie. - All right, who's next? - Kayla. - Kayla. And one more to consider. Who is that? And last is gonna be Jeffri. - Jeffri. I'm going to tell you now that of the four of you, three of you will be going home, and one of you will stay. Gentlemen, thanks for your consideration. Have you come to a decision? - Yes, sir. What I need to know is the one person who is remaining here on the island. Ladies, this was very, very difficult. We've decided to let Kayla stay on the island. Okay, Kayla, you are still here, and so we say to Lindsay and Allie and Jeffri, journey ends here. Take a moment to say your goodbyes and then you can pack your things, and it'll be time to leave the island. It's been an honor and a pleasure. I think Kayla's a very nice girl. I think she's sweet. I can tell that she's serious about what she's doing, and she... she wants to find love. I know this is challenging for her, and it's very challenging for me. She's definitely one of the girls I can vibe and connect with mostly out of a lot of people here. Well, there are now seven of you here. I wish you all the best, and I'll check in with you soon. All right. Goodbye, you guys. Ladies, nice to see you. Gentlemen, thank you for being here. It's time for elimination. Ladies, each of you need to choose one guy who you want to send home today. So right now I want you to step over there, talk amongst yourselves, think of the four guys you'd like to consider for possible elimination. All right. I'm a little nervous, to be honest with you. Kady... she's kind of been an emotional roller coaster, a little bit wrecked. - Exactly. - Bring value to our house. - Yeah. - And I think that that's what... So for her, it's like, "Am I wasting time with this guy, or, you know, can I really take that big step forward?" So she's really probably risking it all. - So I think we have the four? - Yeah? Okay. Okay, I'll let you know that you're gonna hear four names, gentlemen, but out of those four, three will go home today. Shari, on behalf of the girls, who have you decided you'd like to consider for elimination? Uh, the first person is Jack. James. Wynn. And finally, the fourth person you'd like to consider? The last person is Carlos. All right, gentlemen, all four of you are being considered for elimination. All but one of you will go home today. Of these four gentlemen who you've considered for elimination, who is the one person it's necessary to keep here to continue your journey? - Shari? - So we decided to... keep Jack here. Ladies, I know that was a tough decision. Thank you. Gentlemen, thank you for the contribution that you've made. Jack, congratulations. Your journey is not done, but for the three of you, your journey ends now, and you're free to go. It sucks leaving. There's definitely been friction between me, Kady, and Johnny. I mean, there's... there's been some kind of weird triangle that's going on, you know what I mean? I feel like she's being misled and not guided in the right direction by whatever manipulation, and, you know, the toxic energy that's going on, but if that's what is good for her that she feels and that's who she wanna be here with, then I should go. They all made the wrong decision. It's crazy that it's only seven of y'all. It's just, like, you know, I think we all have a lot to offer each other and enjoy the time we have left, really. - Right. - I came here to help everybody to a certain extent. - Yeah. But if you really don't see any type of connection or trying to see if you have a connection, I'd rather just get home. Justin is here because he's really raw and he's really truthful. I've connected with him the most, and the fact that I've opened up more, it makes me feel good. I basically feel like you're here to really see if you would like to explore because you only know one person and I feel like you're not stepping out on a limb. You're just exploring and learning and taking... How am I not stepping out on a limb when I'm, like, putting, like, my whole relationship on the line to be here? - I feel like even if you did see something you would like to explore, I don't think you would explore it. I mean, there's some truth to that for sure. Initially, you know, I was a little judgmental and not trying to open up in the beginning. But I feel like now I don't wanna be so closed off to things and I don't want Javen to feel like he has to be so closed off to things, too. Just like, hey, whatever happens, happens. If you see a little bit of potential, a little bit of light, I really feel that you should explore it. Otherwise, you're gonna have questions your whole life. You're gonna have doubt. - But I feel like that's why I'm here, too. - Mm-hmm. I'm here to socially date other people, like... and I feel like we, you know, go on a date, talk one on one, just see where your head is at. - Yeah, that's what... - Yeah. That's what you should do, 'cause I honestly do think you're attractive and do think you have a lot to offer. Guys, we're gonna go around the group, and so whoever gets the ball, the little tangerine I'm... - Tangerine? - You can say one positive thing about that person. Kayla? You're a very honest and you're a very sweet person. You bring positive energy. I like that you're original, yourself, and that, you know, you've been sticking to who you are. - Thank you. - That wasn't one thing. I know. I thought it was... - It was a brief... It was a brief summary. Um, what are your intentions with myself? - With you or your heart? - Me. You know, Morgan and Kaci are completely different people. I've never felt anything like I have with Morgan. It's the unknown with Morgan, and I honestly, I just cannot get enough. My intentions with this girl are more than I ever thought was possible. Well, you already know I asked you to be my girlfriend last night. - What?! - Wait, what? I literally got goosebumps. Coming here, I thought I was gonna solidify what I already kinda thought where my life was going, and with you, I mean, you changed everything. I mean, from the first date when I took you ziplining, I was so nervous and to think of that, and to think of, you know, our date that we went on, you know, in the bay, and I'm just gushing over you. I just cannot believe what's happening. Of course I have my reservations because he's got someone that is in the other house, probably crying over him, like, thinking that they're gonna get back together because he hasn't ended it. How am I supposed to leave with somebody that has a girl that thinks that she's leaving with him? I'm not gonna talk about it anymore, and I'm just gonna show you. - Okay. - Snap that up... true love. True love. - Wait. I'm gonna pull up a chair. Yeah. How do you feel about, um, you know, elimination and the change in dynamic? - I like it. - Yeah? - I mean... - It has its pros and its cons. - Right, right, right. I agree. Yeah. I feel like we're, like, coming to the end now, and I can see the progress, and, like, the journey I've had since I've been here. Time apart from my boyfriend has really allowed me to discover more about myself and really reflect on my actions and my relationship and kind of my goals that I want in life individually. I have to recognize that you can want something so much, but if somebody's not on the same page as you, it's not gonna work. Maybe you're growing, and he isn't. It's weird for me to even say the word "boyfriend" right now. I just don't feel it, which is not good. I just don't really feel the love. Bear crawling. You're a bear. - You're a whale. You're a... - Cockroach! Everybody is playing charades. I kind of look behind me, and Tyler and Nicole are, like, very snuggly. They look like a couple. They're feeling each other for sure. You sure? I've spent a lot of my time with Tyler, and I haven't really opened up to anyone else on that level, so I'm ready to put it into action. - All right, hold up. I need a... drink, 'cause this shit is wild. - Oh, my God. They're naked in the water. Naked in the water. We are coming to the end of being on the island together, and holy hell, none of us could have expected this. This has been crazy. You troublemaker. I've tried so hard to remain faithful in this position. I've never been tempted like this. It's getting crazy. I'm about to do it. You know why? 'Cause I'm so crazy. I wanna take this off, and I just wanna roll around in bed with you. - With what? - Nothing else... No, Brittney. Calm down, Brittney. Can we go in your bed? No, there are some leftovers, yeah, right there. Yeah, I did these yesterday. I did exactly what you described. - Okay. Well, we can eat... We'll eat these, okay. - All right. - Perfect. People are gonna judge me if I do go home with him and try to figure this out, but at the end of the day, I don't care what anybody thinks. I don't care if people judge me. It's my life. - It is your life. - I'm reminding myself that I'm the one that wanted to be here. Evan isn't the one that wanted to be here. Honestly. - Don't put yourself down. Like... No, I won't. Because if you keep doing that, then you're gonna keep running a vicious circle around yourself. - No. - Just because you feel bad or whatever the case is, that's not gonna work either. No. There has to be a point. I just don't know what that point is, and right now my gut says that point hasn't been reached yet. Kaci's looking for something specific. She's looking for someone that can be serious and cares about her, that is willing to take care of her, and at the same time, grow with her and build an empire, because I'm pretty sure that's what she wants. It's true, though. I'm gonna show her a good time. All right. You're not going to sleep yet, are you? - No. No. - At the end of this, like, I don't really know what's gonna happen. Like, I-I am not taking it anything more than one day at a time. - Yeah. I've been really contemplating if are John and I meant to be together, is he the one? Luckily, he respects that. I mean, he understands that I'm in a weird spot. Like, I feel like I'm being selfish, and I feel like embarrassing him. - No, but I... but I... - And disrespectful of him in our relationship. I'm being disrespectful to his family. And I'm... I'm... - Yeah, I get it. It doesn't matter what he does. That's not your game. Exactly. It's really a hard situation... - Yeah. - Like, to figure out what the right thing to do is. - But at the same time, I also feel like we don't have time to slow it down. I feel like I love John, and I... but I really, really like Johnny. I want you in my life, you know? Yeah. I'm gonna have, you know, a really hard decision to make and a really hard conversation to have with John. Oh, my gosh. I know. - It's hot over here. - It is hot over here. It's because... - Oh, I need a hug. - Now you can have all the hugs. I have a connection with John. It's undeniable. It's there. He knows it, too, and my time is valuable here. I'm not gonna, like, deny my feelings. I really have to, um, step up my game. This just got real. My position isn't as hard as yours at this moment. - Mm-hmm. - And I feel for you, and at the end of the day, I am here for you. - How does it... - Why don't you just enjoy your time with me? I know, but... Try to put yourself in my shoes. I was in shock the last bonfire. Like, I couldn't go to sleep. I just thought about all this stuff all night, and then in the morning is when it hit me, my emotions, and that lasted for five, six hours, and then I slowly started getting better than I was yesterday. - Yeah. - I know. We should get in the pool. - Get in it? - That'd be nice. I just have my walls up, you know? I've been trying to prove my loyalty to Kady, and, um, now that I'm seeing what Kady's been doing, I think that I can bring those walls down and... And really get to know Katheryn. But that's gonna be tough. - Their situation... Deep down knowing and realizing that Kady's not good for him, I know he's hurting. I think that I'm not gonna play off of his hurt. I'm just gonna let him heal and let him figure out his next move. I feel like I've been in a lot of phases through this whole journey. Like, okay, maybe we're both on the same page of, you know, going a different direction after this, but it's hard to really know. There's a bonfire tonight. I'm definitely not looking forward to it. I'm just nervous because we're definitely at a deeper part now in this experience, and I've allowed myself to be a lot more vulnerable than the last bonfires, and I think this might be my night to kind of have it really hit. Last bonfire, I didn't watch my clip. I chose to close my eyes. So I don't have the full story. And I'm ready to get the full story even though I'm terrified. I just don't know what my future holds right now. - Hi, ladies. Here we are at bonfire again. So much has happened since we've been here. I mean, you've had dates. You've had elimination, and you've had video messages. What's going on with Kady? Um, I've been on a little bit of a roller coaster emotionally the last few days. Um... You know, we're realizing that there's an end to this. - It's coming. - Yeah. - I will let you know this. This is the last time you get videoclips, the last chance, because we're getting to the end. So, Kaci, I'll start with you. You wanna watch it with the girls or by yourself? Um, I love them, and they understand, but I need to watch it by myself. - Okay. - God, my heart's pounding. You got this. I just immediately think of the worst. Oh, I hate this. What are your intentions with myself? - With... with you or your heart? - Me. My intentions with this girl are more than I ever thought was possible. Well, you already know I asked you to be my girlfriend last night. - What?! - Wait, what? Wait, I just got... I literally got goosebumps. I mean, you changed everything. What can you tell me? - He's just back to old Evan. - What does that mean? - He's impulsive. He gets caught up in the moment, and he looks like he's leaving me for another girl. - That's what it looks like? - Yeah. He said that she changed everything. He called her his girlfriend. It's just mind-blowing to me. How do you feel right now? - Um, numb. - Numb. So I don't know what's wrong with him right now. Are you thinking there's a thought that when he's with you, that he's gonna remember why he loves you and stay? I think my video message is probably a big wake-up call to him. Can you share with us what you told him? Um, I said, "Hi, babers. I love you and I really miss you." And I said, "We're gonna be okay. Please don't give up on me and please don't give up on us." And it looks like he just gave up on me and gave up on us for someone he barely knows. He told me that there was no way he would blindside me. He told me that, like, we would get through this, and I just don't even understand what's happening. Okay. Nicole, your turn. - Okay. - With everybody? Yes, please. Here we go. I washed 'em before I hit your hand! - Is she taking off her bottom? - Yes. - It's that yogi? - Yeah. Told you guys. - Whoa. - She literally was... Oh, my God Hey! Hey! What?! - Dive in, babe. - Ew. - Ew. - Awkward! - Oh, my God. - That was so funny. That was gross, kind of, but, um... Um, I feel like some of the, um, actions I've both seen and heard from the video message he sent me are showing just that he's not ready. Not ready for? I don't think he's ready to be, you know, like, deeply in love with me. I feel like he has to work on himself still, and I don't see from him having this experience, I haven't seen any growth. I'm kind of at the point of just realizing and trying to recognize what I deserve. Thanks, Nicole, and thanks for sharing your experience. It's been a pretty thick one, huh? - Yeah. - Yeah. - It's been a lot. - It has been a lot. Shari, with the girls? - Yeah. - Okay. I just feel so lied to. - All right, you ready? - Yeah. Everybody is beautiful in their own natural way. - Oh, my God. Javen's... - Lashes... Hilarious. I can't... let you bat to the masses, and that's okay. Open your eye. Beautiful. I need all my lashes after this. I need all my lashes after this, please. Keep your eyes closed. This is the funny Javen I know and love. "I need all my lashes." So? So I'm glad that everyone gets to see, like, the fun side of Javen. I think we came into this really tense, 'cause we were just so scared, you know, of not being around each other, so, I mean, I'm glad that he's feeling comfortable with people in the house. Is it true that you have no guys in your phone, and he has no girls in the phone? - No, girls, yeah. - Do you think it's possible for him to let you have boy friends and you to let him have girl friends? I mean, definitely after this experience, I'm more open now than I thought I would ever be. - And he's gonna look fabulous. - Yeah. Kady, you ready? - Yes. - Everybody together? - Yes. - Okay. All right, here we go. How did that make you feel? - It... It hurts to see that. Um... I'm really surprised and, like, shocked. I mean, I'm sure he is, too. Like, we both went into this really confident because trust wasn't our issue, you know? We never, um, had trust issues, but, um... just, it hurts just to see someone you love moving on or having romantic connection with another woman. It's kinda hard to describe how I'm feeling because even though I have a really strong connection with Johnny, watching John kinda making out with another girl is extremely painful. I do still love John, and I don't know where his head's at, so I just hope that I haven't messed up something great in my life. - All right, you guys. It's a lot tonight. Lot to process. Try not to overthink things. You can head on back. Good night, you guys. - Good night. - I feel like he's just a liar. He just lives a double life. Like, it's unbelievable. - You have to be strong. I just feel like he's caught up in the moment. It's fantasy. It's a bubble, and it's not gonna work in real life, and I feel bad for her 'cause she has, like, no idea what she's gotten herself into. I feel bad for her. Yeah, the one thing that Katheryn is concerned about is if, like, they show me a video of Kady, like, being really, like, crying and apologetic and shit. I was like, I really doubt it, you know? I was really upset with the last bonfire. I'm gonna try to really not let my emotions get in control and go from there. So far, my girlfriend has been pretty respectful of me and my feelings, uh, however, there's 24 hours in a day. Anything can happen. I just don't know what to expect. So at the end of the day, I have to just put my faith in her and let God handle it. - Gentlemen, good to see you. - Good seeing you. So much has happened since we were last here. We had an elimination. We had video messages. Here's what I can tell you. This is the last time I will have a bonfire like this. Okay? We're gonna start with you, Karl, okay? - Yep. - Wanna watch it with the boys? With the gang. Are you still scared? What? You sure? What are you feeling? Man, this whole thing is hurtful, just you feel so strong coming into this thing, and she's pumping that into my head... "Don't worry. Like, I got it. I love you. I want you to be the father of my child," so... That's gonna be tough to kinda, like, come together and... and really understand what you were trying to do out of that and I don't wanna see that, but I know what I'm doing over at the... at the, uh, beach villa, too, so... Kinda parallel, isn't it? I've been getting to know Brittney, uh, very close, and I'm sure my clips probably look a little more intense than that. A conversation's gotta be had at the end of the day. Seeing her with the same guy and there's a connection there, then I feel as if she probably has cheated, then. I don't know if we'll be able to stay together or separate at this point. - John, we're gonna go with you. - Let's see it. - Everybody? - Yeah. Okay. All right, boys, here we go. Mm. Where are you going? So that video actually didn't bother me as much as her getting in bed with him. Um... - Hmm. - You know, and I-I kissed... I kissed Katheryn, and I got her in my bed last night. Um, you know, it hurts to see her kiss that guy, but it's ultimately gonna come down to a conversation. I'm basically gonna ask her, like, "Hey, do you... do you love this guy? "Do you feel like you have a connection with this guy, "and you wanna pursue that? Or, you know, "did you figure out that you didn't like me and so you said, 'screw it'?" 'Cause that's kinda what happened with me. I tried to be completely loyal to her up until I saw the video of her getting in bed with that guy and not getting a video message. That's what made me decide, okay, I'm... I've... I've tried hard enough. I actually kind of was hoping to see Kady making out with a guy almost for confirmation. At this point, I have not written Kady off. I'm still gonna explore my connection with Katheryn. I'm just trying to be completely, um, open to her and then just roll with the punches. All right, so, Javen, we have a clip for you. Wanna watch it by yourself or with everybody? - With everybody. - Okay. I know at first when I came into this initially, I was like, no, you can't have friends with the opposite sex, like, but now I feel like that's, like, immature. He's probably making friends and connections with people, too, so... Anything worry you? Nothing? I see it developing just like me, and she's having fun and she's growing. I feel like I've grown just as much on my side. It's a positive thing. - All right. Evan... are you ready? - Please, run it. - Okay. Boys? Everybody? - Please. Okay. Please don't cry. My clip, like, didn't have any talking in it, so I'm just scared, like, he's already, like, hooked up-hooked up with someone. Like, if he's had sex with someone, then I think it's over. - Oh, yeah, 100%. It should be that way. That's why I need to have this conversation with her. I didn't expect this to happen. You know, I... I've nurtured her heart and her soul for so long. You know, she's given me ultimatum after ultimatum. You know, no one knows her like I know her. So I understand that she's in pain. What I've developed with Morgan and what... what has happened is... is more surprising to me than... than I ever... I... I never imagined this ever. Is Morgan a reaction or is this falling? What I've developed with Morgan is way past a reaction. She has changed everything, and not having Kaci with me every day like I've had has made me grow by myself and realize you can't push someone in a corner, and I'm done. I'm done making excuses for it. I need to talk to her. Especially with all the history you and Kaci have. - 100%. - Okay. I get that. We're done with this bonfire. You guys can head back. I'll check with you soon. Good night. See you, John. All right, buddy. I'm so scared of building a foundation with Morgan on the bones of so much pain. I've given everything to Kaci... Heart, soul, everything. My only regret is I-I think I should have sent her a video... you know, telling her that I'm not the old me and that I didn't expect to meet someone like Morgan, and so I know what I gotta do now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 