Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Four couples who are at a crossroads in their relationships have decided to embark on a journey to answer the question, are we meant to be together? Is he the right person that I'm supposed to be with for the rest of my life? This is an ultimate test to see if we're really meant to be together. Ladies and gentlemen, let me be the first to welcome you to "Temptation Island." - Cheers, guys. - Cheers to "Temptation Island." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So you've agreed to go on a journey... A journey where you're gonna date other people. Standing in front of you are 24 single men and women, all here for one reason... That's to find love. This is huge. I'm putting a lot on the line for this. Let's be best friends and maybe even lovers. - It's crazy. Like, we're basically single, and these girls are confident. They're ready to get my guy, and my guy's fricking hot. - I have to propose or... - Wow. She's gonna leave me. I love my girl. I love her. Sounds like that one's a hard one to love. Did we make the right decision coming here? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I have no idea. It's a fantasy experience that will answer their ultimate question... Should we really be together, or is there someone out there better for me? Come hang out with me. I never thought I'd put my relationship in jeopardy like this. Just having to face him for the first time is just gonna crush me. - I finally have clarity. I can... ing see. "Temptation Island" got the best of me, and then it turned me into a monster. How is this happening? I thought we were strong enough to go into this. If he participated in something, I'm done. I'm done. Here on "Temptation Island." You're not gonna tempt me. - Hello. Hi. - Hi, guys. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Shari? - Shari. Nice to meet you. - Are you ready for this? - Not really. It's happening. You ready for me to date girls? - Yes, we're on the same page. - I love it. We talked game plan. As long as we're on the same page. Rules. - Cheers. - Cheers, guys. I think our love will outlast "Temptation Island." There might be some ups and downs, but I think we'll make it through. Yeah, I don't think this can break us. I think it would just make us stronger. You've only been with one man since you were 16. I know. Aah! - I'm Javen. - I'm Shari, and we've been together for eight years. We've been dating since we were 16, and when we were about 20, it just became really serious. She's my first, like, real, authentic girlfriend in high school, and the only girlfriend I've had since high school. But, like, he's my best friend, and I don't feel like anybody could really take the place in my heart that I have for Javen. So we've been living together for the past five years, and I just don't wanna feel like we're rushing into a marriage at 25 just because we've been together since we were 16. You're ready to... to take this on? - I'm ready. We have our reservations, though. - Yeah. - Why we are doing this in... in, you know... I caught him cheating a few years ago, but at the same time, I just want him to prove to me that he's actually officially changed, 'cause there is still reservations there for sure. I'm making myself volatile through this, you understand? I don't wanna take any risks. - You don't think I am, especially with, like, your past, and, like, everything? - Yeah, my past. That's why I'm trying to prove that I'm different from my past. - Yeah. You know, in the past, I was tempted. I've grown. I'm mature. I'm just gonna go through this, confident in myself, and just show her that I'm, you know, I'm... I can fight temptation. I'm not gonna be able to touch your body - or see you for a month? - Stop. - Gosh. - Well, no one else is. - Yeah. - Touch my body. I'll get so hot, somebody touch your ass. So this is gonna suck not being together. You know, it's gonna be hard. - I'm gonna miss you. - I'm John. - And I'm Kady. We have been together for nearly three years, and we actually met on Bumble, which is a dating app. We joke and say, "Oh, we should just tell people we met at Trader Joe's." Pull. - We have a great relationship. - Whoo-hoo! This is a real short barrel, too, so that makes it harder, right? Don't make excuses about your short barrel. I grew up around more traditional men, kind of more of a cowboy attitude, and John isn't so much the mold that I was used to. Ha ha, you missed. Ah. This is exactly the type of thing that, you know, I want us to do more, and I want you to do. Kady questions my masculinity a couple times a week. She says she wants, like, an alpha male, like, a Southern gentleman, and I'm definitely not that type. I'm very humble. And so I hope that she realizes that when she's on the island, how good a guy I am and how, you know, I really love her, and that maybe I am this dream man. I would say this experience, you know, will really give us time to reflect on our relationship and if we're really meant to be together. - Love you. - Be closer after all this. That's right. - Well, I love you. - I love you, too. Cheers, baby. - My name is Karl. - And I'm Nicole, and we've been dating for two and a half years. Nicole and I first met at the gym. I was like, "Man, she works out. Fitness girl." Beautiful. I was blown away. At the time, I had a boyfriend, so it didn't progress super fast. Through the first year of our relationship, the love from Karl I've never experienced before in my life. I don't ant you to be thinking about any of these ladies in a certain type of way because you're coming home to me. I believe we both have some trust issues. When I met her, she had a boyfriend at the time, and she broke up with him. In my head, like, all right, if she can do it to him, it could happen to me as well. - I'm kinda nervous about that. - Yeah. Especially if they're gonna have a lot of women around you. What I'm most nervous about is Karl connecting with a woman on a different level than he connects with me. Our age gap and the maturity is a big difference in our relationship, and I think if he was to meet somebody that was older, it can happen, so that's definitely nerve-racking. - What could go wrong? - What could go wrong? A lot could go wrong. - You know... - Take advantage of it. Do what you gotta do. Figure it out. - Do what you gotta do. - I love you. Mmm! I love you. - I'm Kaci. - And I'm Evan. We have been dating on and off for 10 years and exclusive for five. We met when we were 19 years old, and it was very on and off. We tried dating. He was in college, playing basketball, doing that whole single boy thing. Whoo! Marriage to me is really important. My family's religious. They don't like the fact that we're living together and we're not married. - We're living in sin. - And it's been years. "Living in sin." This is not what I had planned for my daughter. - She's amazing. - Yeah. I just wish you guys could understand that I value that question so much that I will not ask it until I know that I can take care of your daughter. Yeah, my dad cheated on my mom, and it led him down the road to actually be murdered by the woman that he was cheating with's husband. It rocked me to my core, you know? I love the idea of my marriage, right? I want to spend the rest of my life with Kaci, and I'm scared that I can... That I'm gonna hurt you like my dad hurt my mom and for my... But you're not going to. Commit to me, Evan. I'm not asking for a lot. If I don't propose to her before 30, then she will leave me. I can't get my boyfriend to marry me, there's a million dudes out there that are gonna ask me to marry them. - I already love this woman. I already live with this woman. You know? I don't understand what difference it would make if there was a ring on her finger. I think this is an experience for couples that are at a crossroads, and we could not be at more of a crossroads. - Right. - This is it. Like, we're going on this to basically be together or start new lives. I'm seeing Mark at shore kinda waving us down, and I'm thinking about just jumping off the boat and swimming the other direction. My nerves are definitely going crazy right now. - Welcome, you guys! - Hi! So excited and nervous. - I'm Mark. - Evan. Nice to meet you. I know who you are. Hi, Kaci. - Hi. I'm Kaci. Nice to meet you. - Welcome, you guys. - We're stoked. - Let's get the rest of you guys off the boat. We'll get started. - Sounds good. We are actually here, "Temptation Island." Unreal. - I know. It's insane. I can't believe it. - Nice to meet you, Mark. I'm Javen. - Hi, Javen. We've been expecting you. - I'm Shari. - Yes. Hi, Shari. I'm feeling pretty confident in my relationship, but there's also that side of me that's a little anxious and nervous on what's to come. - All right, Karl, welcome. Glad to have you here. - Nicole. - Nicole. - Nice to meet you. - How you feeling? - I'm nervous. - Good. That's good. I've invested two and a half years into Karl and I, and he's genuinely my first love, and I'm, you know, putting myself out there to kind of risk that either going good or bad. - John. - Hi, John. We've been expecting you, of course. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you as well. - Hi. How are you? I'm Kady. - Hi, Kady. It's nice to be confident and be like, "Oh, yeah, we got this." But I don't know. Do we got this? I don't know. Ladies and gentlemen, let me be the first to welcome you to "Temptation Island." - Let's go. - I'm excited. - Should we get to it? - Let's do it. - Yeah. - Let's do it. - Let's go. - Let's do this. - No turning back now. - You look beautiful as ever. I love your dress and your body. I feel like this whole experience is more of a test to see, can we handle being on our own, or will Javen fold under the pressure? - Are you nervous? - I'm excited and nervous. Are you more excited or more nervous? - I'm freaking out. I'm kinda wondering what the hell we signed up for and what's gonna happen, what to expect. Did we make the right decision coming here? I have no idea. I'm happy to be here, but I definitely know that things are at stake, like, I could lose Karl for sure. - I'm excited. It's a nice little house. - This is so cute. - I'm just scared of the unknown because my girlfriend's never dated anyone, and I've never dated anyone besides that, so this is gonna be an interesting thing. I don't know what's gonna happen. This house is insane, and it definitely makes me nervous. I have butterflies. - Yeah, no, butterflies... I have pterodactyls. - It's insane. - Pterodactyls. - Well, we made it. What do you think of the place? Nice, huh? - Amazing. I guess to start things off, I'd like to offer you a toast. So, everybody, grab a glass, if you would. I'll fill the ones that aren't filled. All right, guys, we started this thing. Why don't you stand and join me and raise a glass? - Absolutely. - And here's a toast I wanna offer you... Here's to you finding the answers you're seeking to the questions that you're asking. Cheers. - Cheers. - Hear, hear. - Hear, hear. Good way to start the trip. - Sit and relax. How you feeling? It hasn't felt real till now. Definitely freaking out a little bit. Well, I can assure you that you definitely don't know what you've signed up for. - Oh, God, Oh, no. - Ugh! See? But that's not necessarily a bad thing. You made the choice to come here to the island because you've all admitted that you're at a crossroads, right? That each of you have said that you have questions about your relationships. - Yeah. And you're hoping that you'll find the answers to those questions here. So you've agreed to go on a journey... A journey where you're gonna date other people, simply put. Hopefully, that will help you figure out the most important question... Whether you guys are meant to be together or not. Coming here was mainly my idea, and I never thought in a million years, like, Evan would be okay with it, but this could be the best thing to ever happen to us. When you made the choice to come here, what did you hope to gain? Like, what are you hoping to gain? I feel like I'm on a path of redemption. I've cheated on my girlfriend in the past, and so I'm kinda here to kinda, like, you know, make a mark and just show her that I've changed and for myself as well. - I just wanna confirm that he has changed. I mean, we're 25 now. The mistakes happened when he was 18, 19. I feel like I do trust him, but I feel like this is gonna make me trust him even more, make our bond that much stronger. What are you feeling right now, John? - I'm feeling a lot. My... My biggest fear, obviously, is... is if she finds country... Country boy, that she's gonna... fall in love with since I'm the city slicker. - We have one life to live. I don't wanna waste it on the wrong person, and you don't either. Hopefully, you know, if we were meant to be, then it'll drive me closer to him and drive us closer together. I think it's a necessary pain. Everything is at risk by going through this experience. My entire future is at risk. - Hi, Ev. Hi, Kaci. - What's up? Hi. Why are you here? We're both 28 now, and I just think we're just kind of stuck, to be honest. Like, it's lots of mixed signals. It's lots of, like, "You're the only girl I ever wanna be with. I would never marry anyone else," but then it's like, "I don't wanna get engaged. I don't wanna get married," so it's like... And that, to you, is like a mixed signal. We've been in each other's lives for, like, almost a decade. - Yeah, yeah. - It's, like, it's time. - Yeah. Either we get married or I need to find someone that wants to be with me. I don't understand why what we have isn't good enough for now. You know, it's great. You know, what she wants is a piece of paper and a diamond, you know? I... I just don't understand why... why it has to be that. What's your fear, Nicole? Um, I am nervous that Karl may connect with a woman on a level that he doesn't necessarily connect with me on. Karl's 31, and I'm 25, so there's kind of a little bit of an age gap. Karl, are you, um, do you agree this maturity gap that she speaks of is an issue for you guys? We're here to make sure this is the right... is the right thing. Will we know that just from this? Maybe, maybe not, but it'll definitely be another step to strengthen it. - Yeah. - Got you. And I appreciate that straight answer. And that's real talk. - That's real talk. - So, uh, what'd you think of the house when you walked up? Gorgeous. - Amazing. - It was, like, it surpassed what I imagined. Yeah, it's pretty magical, you know? - Yeah. - Well, let me let you know that this is home... for you boys. - I knew it! - Ahh! - Aw. - Yeah. Nice. The blue vibe. Blue and green. I love Kaci, but I was worried, you know? Kaci was actually gonna be in the same house as me. Whoo! That just saved... That saved the day. Saved "Temptation Island" for me for sure. - So where are we staying? - Yeah, where are we? We've got a place for you guys to stay as well. Would you like to see it? - Yes! - I think you're gonna like it. Why don't you follow me? Guys, you come, too. Yeah, come on. Yeah, let's do this. Now knowing that we're gonna be separated soon, I'm getting a little nervous. Feel like the pressure's on, and we will be tempted, and it is a true test to our relationship, true test to myself, so it will be interesting to see what happens. - Come on in, you guys. - Wow. - Follow me. - It is so pretty. Wow. Look at this place. Look at y'all. Look at y'all. - Not bad, huh? - Not bad at all. This is the women's villa. The four of you will be living here. Yay! What do you think? - Love. - Beautiful. - You like it? - Think it'll do. - It'll do? - It's amazing. Well, we've only just begun to show you this place. You haven't seen all of the features. I've got something really cool I wanna show you. - You'd like to see? - Yes. - Yeah! - All right. I'll be right back. You guys, I'm stoked on that house. More room for muscles? "More room for muscles"? - Oh, my gosh. This is absolutely insane. - Oh, shit. - Whoo. - Okay. - Oh. - Oh! - What is going on now? - Shut up. - Oh, shit. Stop. My God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. - Oh, yeah. - Right? We're all, like, sizing each other up. It's crazy. I hope you're ready 'cause standing in front of you are 24 eligible single men and women, but they're all here for one reason... That's to find love. Hopefully, they're gonna help you realize whether your partner's the one for you or not. Tomorrow, you'll have a chance to get to know them a little bit better, but right now I just wanted you to get a chance to see them and let them introduce themselves to you, because your journey begins... right now. Uh, not too impressed. Oof. - Sorry, not sorry. - Heat immediately. Okay. Mm-hmm. You guys ready? - Yeah. - Yes. Hi, guys. I'm Hannah, and I'm an entrepreneur, which means I have a lot of hustle. When I see something I like, I go after it. Right now I like what I see. They're trouble, girl. I'm Johnny. I'm a chiropractor from New York City. I great with my hands, always have your back, and I'm here to find love. I like him. No adjustments from him. - Oh, my God. - Maybe I'm screwed. - Hey, guys. My name is Jeffri. I'm a flight attendant, and I've traveled all over the world, but I've yet to find love. I'm hoping landing on this island changes that. Not having it. I think so, too. Hey, I'm James. I'm a VP of a computer and design firm. I'm respectful. I'm faithful. I'm basically husband material. And I'm ready to find a woman to be my wife. - I'm Britt. I'm from Venice, California. I love life. I teach yoga, and what's also important to me is a spiritual connection. - She's cute. - I like her, too. Hi. I'm Allie from Fort Lauderdale. I have a master's in communications, so I've mastered the art of persuasion. But don't let my degrees fool you. I know how to have a great time. Persuasion. Butt cheeks out. I guess that's her way. Is that funny? The fact that she was laughing is to hide that she is very intimidated. I think that she can't handle beauty and brains. Mm-hmm. Women are vicious. - Hi, guys. My name is Kayla. I'm a sales supervisor and in control at work. I'm on the island to take control of my love life, and I'm looking for a man to be my partner. That is confident. Man, you're friendly with these girls. Okay? Dang. - I'm secure in myself. What? - Okay. It's all good. - Hello, beautiful ladies. I'm Roman, a Southern gentleman who likes to ride motorcycles. I look forward to bringing some good old-fashioned excitement into your life. There's your country boy right there, babe. Hey, guys, my name's Morgan. I'm a real estate agent, and when I find something I like, I know how to close the deal. She's cute. She's very cute. - How you guys doing? I'm Tyler. I'm from New York. And one thing I do know how to do is win. I'm here to win one of you guys over. Step it up, guys. - Hola, chicas. Mi nombre es Carlos. I was born in Cuba. For me, life is an adventure, and I don't want to go on it alone. I'm looking for the right girl to take the ride with me. - Yo gusta. - What does that mean? "I like." Hey, guys. I'm Sheldyn. I'm sorry to break the news to you ladies, but odds are one of your guys is gonna fall for me. That's hilarious. Oh, my God. That's, like, the funniest joke I've heard. She's so insecure. She's no nervous. Hi, guys. My name is Val, and I'm from Brooklyn, New York, and I'm a mama's boy, and the only thing that she taught me is how to treat a lady right. That's the only thing she taught him? A real important thing. Hey, y'all, I'm Kathryn. I'm from Nashville. I'm a Southern belle loaded with ambition, and right now, I know exactly what I want. This whole lineup is horrible for men. I'm feeling for you guys. Oh, so you think it's good for you? I didn't say anything like that. So why wouldn't you say it was horrible for you, too? - Are you serious? Like, you're my girlfriend. I'm not worried about no one. - Then why'd you say that? I mean, if you're, like, if you're accusing me of being attracted to people, I'm not. Let's just get through this. - I'm not worried about nobody. Okay, so don't... Don't put stuff in my mouth, any ideas in my head that's not there. I don't know what's wrong with you. Are you kidding me? She's scary. Mm-hmm. Same with me. The guy up top to the right, he was just entire time looking down. That's a sign of weakness, my man. The troops are coming in, pal, and you better watch out. You better not cry. And I'll tell you why, 'cause Val's in town. Hm. How you doing? Hard to make a first impression, and that's all tonight's about, is a chance for you to get to meet these people. I thank you. You did a great job. Head on out and have a good evening. Thank you. What were you saying about me? It just doesn't matter anymore. It's over now. Is anyone else scared of that bitch? Oh, hell. - I'm not impressed by any... Anyone here. Now you say it. She's so scary. Here's what I'll say to you guys. These 12 men and these 12 women were chosen not randomly. They were chosen specifically for you. This experience really depends on you opening yourselves up to each one of them and letting them get to know the real you. Now let's talk about tonight. Tonight... you'll all be separated. - Say good night. It is not goodbye. And I'll see you guys tomorrow. - All right. I'll see you in the morning. - I love you. - Okay. - Act like you you li... You love me, at least. Smile. Be confident. - Take your own evidence. - You're the queen that you are. - Take your... I am the queen. - Okay, then act like it then. - But I'm arguing with you. I don't care. I'm not worried about the singles. I'm confident as ever. - Okay. Don't mention it then. - Okay. - Love each other. It's gonna be the last night. Love each other. Love each other. These are still our last few moments together, and you're, like, you're carrying this on. I know my girl, and she knows me. If I feel a certain way, I'm gonna express myself If she feels the same way, she's gonna express herself to me. We've been together for almost nine years. This is us. I love her. That's my baby girl. That's my girl for life. Waking up this morning was a little bittersweet for me because I wasn't too happy with how me and Javen left each other yesterday. Because you, like, got me started. - Okay, okay. No, no, no, no. - Let me say one thing. - Good morning. - Hi. - Good morning. - How are we doing? - Good. - Pretty good. - You look rested. - Yes. - Got a little sleep. - I didn't sleep that well, actually. I had a lot on my mind. I felt like we had, like, unfinished business, and I wanted to, like, text him and be like, "Hey, what the hell was that about?" You guys were in it last night. - Yeah. - How were you feeling after having met the singles? Well, we just thought the guys were acting like a bunch of nervous pussies. So... so... - Last night was just about first impressions. Some of those were accurate. Some of them might have left a little meat on the bone. Gentlemen, come on in. You look well-rested. I didn't expect this. I didn't think we were gonna have to see these guys again, at least, like, not this morning when I'm with my girl. Wow, we can see 'em so much better now that we're, like, up close. Actually, they've been kinda busy pulling together a cocktail party. - Oh. And so, gentlemen, if you would escort our ladies, you're gonna head back up to the mountain villa right now... - Oh, my God. - Where you guys will have a chance to get to know one another a little bit. - Sounds good. - Ladies... - Hello. Love you. - Oh, you're coming back here. - Hi. - Hi. Let's go. He came in, just literally in front of me, took her hand and pulled her away. I mean, I thought it was bullshit. Nah, bro. - There was a lot of you guys. I don't really remember. Honestly, I'm kinda upset seeing Nicole walking away with these guys. Maybe later that picture will go away, and I'll be able to have some more fun, but that's just something I can't forget. Stunned you a little bit by having those single guys come in, but I'm not gonna leave you sitting here alone, so let's bring in some ladies for you to get to know. - Oh, you shouldn't have. - Hello! - Here we go. All right, babe. Take care. First time with all the single guys. We're having a good time. Conversation seems really natural. He gave me a little pink umbrella. They're hot. I feel the hormones here kicking in. - I know, right? - Yeah. My name is Carlos. I was born and raised in Cuba, and I currently live in Houston, Texas. - Carlos. Carlos. - Carlos. - Carlos, yeah. There you go. - Kady. - Kady. - Yes. - Nice to meet you, Kady. - Nice to meet you. He seems very deep and very passionate. - Yeah, yeah. - My boyfriend is not. I come from a culture where we open doors. We treat a woman with respect. You need someone that will go along with you and get out of your daily life. - Yeah. I like to make the person that I am with feel like they're the only person in the world. I feel that they're definitely gonna fall for that. Like, I learned so much about you. I know. I really hope I get to definitely keep learning more. - Hey. - Hello. A bunch of attractive single ladies walk in, and I feel like a lot of guys are gonna relate to me going, "Got this girlfriend that will not stop, you know, nagging on me," so fair game. - Ladies, this house is yours. Cocktail party is on. And I'll catch up with you guys later. Let's go get some drinks! Guys, let's do it. Yeah. I haven't been around, you know, single girls like this since, you know, my college days, almost. I'm like, I'm worrying about Kaci. I'm worried about me and temptation. - I'm Brittney. - You're Brittney, right? Okay. Nice to meet you. Yeah. But I gotta be true to myself, you know? Kaci and I chose this, and we're here. It's time to get busy. My heart's going a little bit fast. - Are you going? - Yeah, just trying to breathe. - I'm trying to breathe. So let's do this together. Big deep breath, okay? - Should we? - Yes. - Okay, here, hold my hand. - Ready? Ready? - Close your eyes. - It's better, right? - That was nice. - That's better, right? - Yeah. You know, you can literally control your heart rate with breathing. I mean, like, you're the yogi, right? - Where are you from? - Well, I'm from L.A., but, you know, Agoura. Agoura Hills. - Yeah. Oh, my God. I went to Agoura High School. - Did you really? - I swear to God. - Oh, my God. That's... - That's crazy. It's scary to say, you know, it's easier to take the plunge into "Temptation Island" than to take the plunge into marriage. I have to propose or... - Wow. - She's gonna leave me. - What? I'm a little anxious to meet the singles because I don't really know what I'm walking into, but they're here to impress me, so it's gonna be up to them and how comfortable they make me feel. This is just bizarre to me that I'm even, like, going through with all this. All I remember about you is you said you're not impressed. I'm Dr. Johnny. I'm from New York City. I'm a chiropractor. I'm 31 years old. I'm here to find my perfect match for my soul mate and my best friend. Are you just here to, like, bring yourself up, or are you actually trying to meet us? I-I'm here, right? Whether it's a good thing or bad thing, you're gonna know exactly what I'm thinking at all times, so at least these women will know that I'm gonna be honest with them. I'm gonna be upfront with them, and if they're getting games at home, they're not gonna get games with me. - You're a little aggressive. I'm like, calm down. Some of the single guys kinda made me feel just a little uneasy, but I'm open-minded to this whole experience. It's gonna take a lot for me to get used to Javen not being there. - I mean, you're cute. I like you. - Thank you. - Mm-hmm. - Nice to meet you. - I'm Javen. - Javen? That's a nice name. I'm Jeffri. - Jeffri? Okay. - Yeah. Nice to meet you. I am here in hopes to find real love. - I love my girl. I love her. - I'm glad you do, honey, 'cause, whoo. - I love her to pieces. Sounds like that's a hard one to love. I think the girlfriend should probably be a little concerned, because I know what I want, and I'm not afraid to go after that. That's kind of the theme of my life. First I'm-a compliment your red dress, 'cause that... Red is my color. - Oh, is it? - I wore it today. We're matching today. - Perfect. - Yeah. Sounds like a match made in heaven to me. - Standing talking to a wall. - Hey. Let's go over here and have a drink. Yeah, sure. I think these men's minds are going to be blown. Going into waters that are uncharted, you know? Yeah, infested with sharks. There's so much temptation out there. That's why you have to take care of your man, or you'll lose him. Let's have fun. Let's be friends. - Okay. - Let's be best friends. - Yeah. - And then maybe even lovers. All right. Definitely excited about a date with her. Does anyone wanna know about me at all, or like, what, attractions are? Thanks, honey. I'm here on "Temptation Island" to find love, but I think there's a lot of strong personalities. - So packaging. - You get the Oreo. You get the chocolate, and you get the vanilla. Okay, okay, all right. So I definitely see some people clashing. - I don't know about you. Like, that's... That's what I'm gonna pursue, bottom line. Sorry to interrupt. Hope you had a good time. You having fun? - Yeah! - Everybody's getting along? - Yeah! All right. Unfortunately, I've got a call an end to the party, 'cause we've got some business to take care of. So let's all gather around here. We don't know what's coming, but I just know that it's game on now, and anything can happen. - Hello, ladies. - Hi! Now that John and I are here, it's really scary. I feel like there was a lot of girls that I could see him being physically attracted to. I could see him liking their personality. So that's a little nerve-racking. Y'all in our house now. Ooh. - Already the smack talk starts. - Oh, my God. Well, the evening is waning, so let's get down to business. We have some business to handle right now. You good to do it? - Let's do it. Yeah, we're ready. I have this box right here, and in this box, I have necklaces. These necklaces simply are for you to wear while you're here on the island. They correspond with your partner's color of necklace and just is a simple reminder of your relationship, okay? I think my biggest fear has been and still is that these women are gonna be aggressive towards my man, and I can't stop that. - I have another necklace to give you right now. These are matching necklaces to your color. Each one of you can use this to block a single from dating your partner. If you'd like to, you'll simply place this around the neck of the single that you'd like to block from dating your partner, and then they will not be allowed to date your partner all the way through the time on the island up until the final dates, where the blocks will be removed. Now just because they're blocked doesn't mean they can't hang out at the villa all they want. They just simply can't be chosen for a date. Understand? So would any of you like to use your block? I do. Oh, God. Just go up to the girl that you'd like to block and give her the necklace and put it around her neck. Okay. Here you go. You called it. You did. I knew you were gonna do that to me. John. Kathryn was the hottest out of all of them. It kinda make me feel like Kady's now really getting concerned. - It's okay, John. We'll still live together. That's pretty true. Southern girls know Southern girls, don't they? - That's right. - Okay. Guys, do any of you want to use your block? No. Yes, I would like to. Leapt right out of his chair. - It's you, buddy. - There you go, man. I blocked Roman. She's a big sucker for country boys. I was like, all right, that's a deal-breaker. If anyone would like to use their block, this is your chance. You all feel good about your decisions? - 100%. - Yeah. - Kaci? - That's not why we came here. We came here to date people. Honestly, we came here for the full experience, and he would not be getting the full experience if I blocked one of them. - Okay, very good. I honor your choices, and they will stay in place. Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you very much for this evening. Those of you who are wearing a little extra jewelry, um, consider it a compliment. Game on. - Game on, sista. - Game on. I'm definitely am going to pretend that this isn't even here, and other than, you know, obviously we can't date outside of the house, but that's not gonna stop me inside the house. There's nothing that's gonna stop me from talking to him or interacting with him as if he was a boyfriend... which he probably will be. All right, we'll see you guys later. Thank you. You guys will hang out a little bit. I have a lovely dinner prepared and we can hang out and talk a little bit. Sound good? - Sounds great. - Yes. I'll be there in a couple minutes, okay? Sounds good. - I blocked Kathryn. She's got the fangs out, and she's here to play dirty. So I definitely made the right decision by blocking Kathryn. Now this looks like a lovely dinner... Hi. With some of my favorite people. Can I join you? - Please. - Yeah. - Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You look great. A little more relaxed than the last time I saw you. - Big-time. Anything you wanna share that's on your mind after having met the singles? It's just wild to be put in this situation, you know? I've purposely kept myself out of situations like this. Well, that's Kaci's sticking point. - Yeah. - She trusts you except if you're in an environment with alcohol and gorgeous girls. - Yeah. - I've grown. - He really, truly has. - I've become a man, you know? And it's, uh, I mean, I'm not gonna say it's not a test, you know? But I have... I have all the confidence in the world that I'm gonna pass it. - Yeah. But you know I'm not grading any papers. No, it's not you. It's this one's grading the papers. - No. - Well, we definitely found out today I think the guys can say this, too, that those girls were pretty aggressive. - I think the men were pretty... They were okay when it came to the cocktail setting. I mean, they made... We were all nervous. They wanna get to know us, but they were respectful about it. We'll say most of them were respectful about it. I had a guy who was actually angry, and, like, aggressive towards me. - In what way? He just seemed kind of, like, angry, like, "Why are you here then? Like, what do you... "Like, what do you need to know if you've been with your man for eight years?" It was kind of like... And I called him out on it. And he's douchey. He's so douchey. Like... Oh, my God. - I'm saying it. I'm saying it now. When I asked you, you didn't say anything. I just didn't think about it until she brought it up. The element that I am gonna keep bringing up to you guys is the element of the lightning strike. When I met my wife, I locked eyes, and I went, "Oh, God, my number's up, and I don't even want it to be up," right? That's like my dad and mom. And there's nothing you can do about that. So, Javen, what happens if you're like, "I'm all about Shari. I'm all about Shari," and then one of these girls, like, kapow, and the lightning hits you? You prepared for that? I don't think any girl can flip me off my feet at this point in my life, I don't think ever. I'm pretty solid in my relationship. All right. That... That said, all of you are here because there are some blind spots in your relationship. In other words, Shari is your everything, but you wouldn't be here if there weren't some things that weren't fiery. Unfortunately, dinner is over. This is the last time you'll be together until you leave the island. Really? And it's for real, for real this time? - It's for real, for real. - For real, for real. - Whoa. - Wow. And if that's not heavy enough for you, there's a very real possibility that for some of you guys, this is goodbye... forever. Ah. - That's a big word. That's a big word. I suggest you say everything you're afraid to say to one another right now as if you are never getting a chance to say it again. I'll see you in 10 minutes. Good luck. I love you. You're my best friend in the whole, wide world. Have fun but keep figuring out yourself without me. Mmm! I love you. - I love you, babe. You're my best friend in the whole, wide world. - You're my bestie. - You're my bestie. - You're my person. You're my everything. - We'll be fine, baby. - I love you so much. I love you. - You're my baby. - You're my bang. - My... - My bing. My bing bang. I'm sitting on the couch. There's, like, six guys sitting there. - I know... I know how... - Okay, but you tell me you want me to explain, and I'm painting the picture for you. - I was just giving you... - So stop cutting me off. - Dialogue. I was responding. - Stop cutting me off. Let me speak. - Go ahead. Like, seeing these other couples, especially them... - Mm-hmm. - And, like, their issues, I'm like, so we really don't... We're not that bad off, actually. - Yeah, we are golden. Why are we here? Have you, like, thought of it in your head, like, we're not gonna see each other for 20-plus days? - I'm well aware. We signed up for it. Okay, so then act like it matters when you see me. I realized that when we separated and I slept alone. - Okay, so act like it then. - Okay. All right, couples, that's 10 minutes. This is it. - I love you so much, baby. - I love you. - Come give me a hug. Bring it in. Gosh. Let's have fun. Like, we're here on Maui. Like... Yep, I'm sure you're gonna have fun. Saying goodbye to my girlfriend is definitely hard. This is my life here, and so I'm trying to put myself out there and take my time to figure out is Shari the one for me? Come with me, Shari. Let's go. Am I in the right relationship? Or should I take a whole different route? Fellows, I'll see you soon. I came to "Temptation Island" because I don't feel 100% sure that John is the one for me. - This way. Now I feel like I should not be sitting there picking on him. I'm not perfect either, so hopefully... he still loves me at the end of it. Goddamnit. I'm hoping that, like, he stays strong and just realizes everything that we've been through and how close we are... and how much, like, we love each other because he's... he's my person. Like, he really is my person. This is the craziest dating experience anybody could ever have in their entire lives. I'm excited to date in paradise. Come hang out with me. So your girlfriends better watch out. I didn't come here to fall in love. I came here to resist temptation. I've yet to not get what I want. Can I trust her? You're kinda coming in for the kill. You're... ing cute. I'm afraid that those old traits of mine are gonna resurface. - Hello there. He keeps saying things to another girl that he normally says to me. This experience has been a lot more real than I ever intended it to be. I wish that we hadn't signed up for this. I don't think you guys are really, truly getting how hard this is for me. I never thought that I would come here and actually develop feelings for somebody. Are they hooking up in there? What the hell are you doing? I feel really betrayed. Things are getting intense. People's feelings are on the line. You have to apologize to her for that. ing corny, dog. You just insulted me in the worst way. - Shut the... up! - Listen to everybody else! Shut up! I think there is potential to fall in love with him someday. I would be so lucky to have a guy like him. He's wanting to, like, leave his girlfriend for me. Somebody's falling in love. Aah! "Temptation Island" got the best of me. Am I a scumbag? Now's the time for you to finally answer the ultimate question you came here with. Are you gonna stay together, or are you gonna break up? They're more than likely gonna go home in a new relationship. Now's the time to make a decision. Oh, my God. I need to know what you think. I came here looking for answers, but these were not the answers I was expecting. Temptation. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 