Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e4 - Rock My World - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Rock My World - full transcript 
 New connections are forming on the island, and some temptations are proving too hard to resist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... When someone, like, hits me with something that's, like, heartwarming, it just, like, makes me cry 'cause I don't do it very often. I'm glad I affected you in some sort of way, you know what I mean? - Yeah. You're not typically my type that I would go for, and I love that you have some depth. - For sure. - So I feel like that's like... - It's like a balance. - Exactly what I'm looking for. Wynn has the personality that I'm typically more attracted to. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I need to talk to Javen. It's tearing me up inside. He crossed the line. I feel kinda betrayed. You don't see me crying and saying shit like that. To me, it's a sign of weakness. What I saw the other day was really scary. He's not good with temptation. Like, he's cheated on me. Sometimes it's best to be alone. The few things that are, like, issues with me and him are so small. Oh, man. I feel like we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me giving him that stupid ultimatum. I'm so mad at myself. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're not gonna tempt me. The last bonfire, I was devastated. I'm kind of just trying to not get so emotional about every bad thing that I see. - Good evening, ladies. - Good evening. - Welcome. - Thank you. Otherwise, I don't know how I'm gonna make it through. - Hi, you guys. You know, I keep talking about how this is a unique experience. What's it like now that you're kind of really in it and you're single? Kaci, how's this going for you? I really didn't realize that I had still have a wall up with Evan, and being here, I'm like, damn, like, if we get through this, I know I'll be able to let it down. 'Cause, like, I thought I was past everything, and now I realize, like, I could be more affectionate and, like, not snap at him over stupid shit, and it's because I have a wall up. So I would say that you've just begun to learn. Yeah, definitely. I told you on the first bonfire that this was the only place where you'll get a glimpse of what's going on with your boyfriends and their experience. Kady, we're gonna go with you first. Wanna share with the girls? - Yes. - Okay. Oh, man. You got this, girl. I need to just forget about Kady and just focus on myself, making connections with the girls here. I feel like I've been a good boyfriend to her, but if she thinks otherwise, then, you know, move on. - Sure. Let's not waste each other's time. - For sure, so... - "For sure." - Cheers to a great date. - For sure. I'm looking forward to getting to know you more. Glad you picked me, so... How you feeling? Uh, not, you know, so good. First line got ya? - Yeah, that sucked. - That was rude. It's okay. You got this. I know that you said you loved John very much, but you've also been very vocal about the things that John isn't. Well, I feel like it's probably... It's a lot deeper, a lot deeper-rooted. It probably comes from my childhood, not growing up with a father, um, and, you know, I'm always... I don't wanna say... looking for... you know, like, a father figure, but I'm sorry. And so, I kinda know... Know why I am the way I am. Everything's getting so raw, seeing him... talking to the girls and seeming to, like, really connect with them. It can kinda mess with your mind and make you think that he is actually forgetting about me and actually... liking what he's having with them more. It's really good to get in touch with that, and thanks for sharing it with me, 'cause it helps me understand. - Yeah. Shari, wanna share it with the girls? - Yes. - Okay, good. What the hell? Come look at this, John. "Hey, baby, I missed you. Come and see me." Who did this? Those lips look all different don't they? They were in my room, though. - Ugh. - Aw. I know that kind of inflates his ego. I know him more than anyone, and he loves attention, so... Anything you saw there is gonna change how you feel about what's going on with you? I feel like I'm just focused on me right now, and I'm not gonna, like, allow his experience to control mine. - You're in it. All right. - Yeah. Nicole, you're next. Together? - Oh, yeah. - Okay, Nicole. I am about looks, but then, like, deeper than that, you just had a different vibe about you. I was talking before about how you were raised by a single mother and adopted. - Yeah. Like, that means a lot to me. I don't know. I can just tell you're a good person. I feel the same way. - What are you feeling? - I feel so happy for Karl that, 'cause... I know how much he's been through, and I, like, haven't been through quite as much as him. You started to tear up a little bit. What was that about? What were you feeling that brought tears? - I feel like I'm really developing the empathy that I've kind of lacked for a while, and it's helping me find, like, an aspect of myself that I've been trying to work on, and I think is developing even more. - One left. - I know. - You ready? - I'll never be ready, - but we gotta do it. - All right, Kaci, here we go. Hold my hand, please. Okay, here we go. You know, like, us girls, it's like, oh, okay, we get eliminated, we don't have any control over that. I will make sure that you are not eliminated. Just put that outside your mind so that you can, like, think about the more important things okay? Oh, yeah. Obviously, I have a crush on you, so... Um... Yeah, not good. I'm gonna be honest. Like, seeing that, it definitely scares me. I just need to stay strong and just hope he doesn't give up on what I thought is something really special that we have. Yeah. Ladies, you can head back to your villa. Have a great night, and I'll see you soon. I saw Evan with one of the girls, and I don't like it at all. He's cheated before, and it definitely worries me that there's something in the future that I can see that's worse. Dude, I don't think he's gonna make it. Do you? I kind of do. That was the Evan I saw when you guys were together in front of each other. I know, but there's another girl there. - How are you guys? How was your bonfire? - Go ahead, spill it. - I was just seeing my girlfriend be emotional about me, but... In what way? Like, what was she emotional about? Just the fact that she was not indulging, not having fun, and she's still talking about me. She claimed to be confident and strong, independent, but everything I'm doing is what we talked about, and everything I'm doing was all between in our agreement. I'm just very confused. - I feel like you're getting, like, more engaged, like, from this experience. Yeah, so it feels weird for me to be engaged. You know, I see her in that light, so I don't know. But I'm still here. Everybody looks so nice tonight. - I keep going too far. I took one step back. Don't worry. I'll step up to the plate right now. "I'll step up to the plate right now." You know, I didn't love seeing John's clip, but... Let's do it. Throw him in the volcano. I think it was tough on Kady at the beginning, but now I think she's settling in, comfortable. - And I'm a strong woman. I need a man who's stronger. And I think Kady is finally taking that leap and taking that chance. You may even see some intimacy going on, honestly. Mmm! - Are you making broth? - Yeah. - Hey, hey. - Hey! Kinda feel like a dead loser to be completely honest. I need to be more aggressive at the house, chat with the girls, build a stronger connection so I can get selected. I mean, dear Lord, I need a date soon. Hey, Nicole, I have a question for you. - What's up? - We haven't been on a date yet. - Yeah. - What's up with that? - Whoa, that's aggressive. I don't like that shit. I don't... - Yeah, I was just asking. I feel like you're calling me out in front of a bunch of people. It's kind of awkward. You gotta make these girls feel comfortable at all times, and if somebody's not doing that, I have a problem with it. I feel like I didn't know anyone yet. - Yeah. - So I kinda was just picking. You know, everyone has a different personality, so it's kinda like... - Absolutely, yeah. Matt, at the end of the day, we gotta make all these girls feel comfortable. - Yeah. - You put her on the spot. That's... For real. I mean, I didn't think it was that way. I was just asking her a question. You have to apologize to her for that. corny, dog. Huh. Now finish your conversation. I'm glad Tyler was there to put that... That voice in Matt's head. It definitely confirmed some of my thoughts about Tyler of how he is genuinely a good person. I'm sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable. - It's okay. - Okay, all right. Good night. Good night. - Did you? - Yeah. Yeah? But I obviously... ing like you. - Wow. Okay. - I really don't. - That's what... - Oh, my God. Stop. You're literally making me tell you that I like you. - What I feel with Morgan is... Is real, and it is so wild to be in this position. I did not think I was going to be here. I am more shocked than anyone here. Like, I'm... ing shocked. Like, I don't know. It feels like I'm supposed to be here. I've always taken myself out of the game before I can... up. I feel like Morgan is changing my freaking psyche, and I'm scared of what maybe it could be. - Hello, gentleman. How are ya? Nice to see you. Ladies. - Hi. - You all look rested and refreshed and smiling. - Feeling pretty good? - Yeah. Okay, you know, as this experience continues, we wanna make sure that you're making deeper connections. So we have a choice for you to make today, and I'm gonna tell you, it's not gonna be an easy choice, but depending on how this goes out, it could really work out for you in the end. Okay? - Okay. - You ready? - We're ready. - Yes. Cameron? - What? - Who's Cameron? - Who the hell is Cameron? - I hope it's not a guy. - It is a guy. - Wait. What is happening? - Ladies, this is Cameron. - Hey, ladies. He just joined us here on the island. - Clark Kent-looking ass. - Hey, ladies. I'm Cameron. I was once engaged to the wrong person, but now I know exactly what I'm looking for. My friends would describe me as an affectionate goofball, but I'm here with the most serious intentions. Wow. I'm kind of speechless of this whole situation. We need to actually get some more one-on-one with them, and that's not gonna happen if we keep bringing new guys in. Cameron is here on the island, ladies, but he comes with a price. For him to stay, you have to send one of these single men home, or you can send Cameron right home and keep the singles. Good luck making this decision. I'm pissed. We got this guy Cameron coming here. He looks like Jimmy Neutron and Dexter. I think he's a cornball, and I think he needs to go home. Okay. I'm good with that. Yeah, I agree. - We're ready. - There are a few men in the house that we are just not really vibing with, and if we're not feeling anything, like, we can't waste any more time. Did you decide to trade or not to trade? Uh, yes, we're gonna trade. So we feel like this person was maybe trying in the beginning, making an effort to get to know us, and then maybe that's just tapered off or kind of stopped trying. And for the person that we have all chosen to, uh, trade is... Roman. - Mm, damn. - Appreciate the opportunity, and, ladies, I'd just like to say get to know every single one of these guys. They're great guys. - Yeah, they are. Roman, I love you. - You're my brother, dog. - Come in here, man. - Oh, damn it, I love you, man. - I love you, too, man. Well, Cameron, let me be the first to welcome you to the island. Your journey begins right now. Gentlemen, I hope you welcome Cameron into your mix. Cameron looks like Clark Kent, and I look like Superman, so... I don't think Cameron's any competition. You guys enjoy the rest of your day. Get to know one another. It's just a very dicey situation to walk into. Less than ideal to say the least. - To Roman. - To Roman! Oh, P. To Roman. - Hey, guys. Sorry Roman had to go, but I'm happy to be here. Well, that's one of us that feels that way, but... Definitely the most awkward introduction I could possibly imagine. What have I missed? - Oh, you gotta put your own work in, brother. We've been working hard here, man. Immediately, there's that hazing factor, like "Who the... is this guy?" Understandably so. You know, I would probably be doing the same. And Roman had all the bathroom duties and cleaning the kitchen. You got a lot of work to do here, brother. Yeah. - Good morning, gentlemen. - Good morning. - You're looking great. Hello, ladies. How are you? Good morning. As you have probably figured out, this experience on the island is all about choices. So today, we have a choice for you. Lindsay? He said "Lindsay"? Yeah, who's Lindsay? Stop it and stop it right the... now. Oh, shit. - Hi! - Hi, Lindsay. - How are you? - Glad you made it. - Ladies, this is Lindsay. - Hi. - Hi, Lindsay. - Hi. These are our four gentlemen. Maybe you can have a moment and just introduce yourself? - My name is Lindsay. I may look familiar, because I'm the girl of your dreams. I'm blonde, beautiful, and I have brains. So Lindsay is here, and I know that you're a little surprised, right? - Yes. - Yep. So now you're faced with this decision... Send someone home and add Lindsay to our group, or you may decide to keep the 12 singles that you have here, and then we'll turn Lindsay right back home. When Lindsay walked in, I saw John, like, kind of eyeing her down. Like, my chances are getting less and less. - Whoa. - So first things first. So it's a close call, you know? And she's not getting along with... It's like an Android charger trying to go into an iPhone. It just doesn't fit. We've been trying to connect with everybody here, but one girl in particular has not made a connection with any of us. - Okay, gentlemen. Have you come to a decision? - Yes. - Yes, we have. Me and the rest of the board have decided to make a trade. I'm definitely worried about going home, because I technically haven't made a romantic connection with any of the guys. It's tough, I mean, I've never had to fire anybody, but, uh... Cathlene, we gotta let you go. - We just feel bad. - Hey, man, life is tough, bro. Cathlene wasn't really trying to get to know any of us, and, you know, just kind of sat back, and, you know, when you get comfortable, that's when things get shaken up. Bye, Cathlene. Thank you. - We love you. - We love you. - We're gonna miss you. We love you. Thank you for making your choice together as a team, and, Lindsay, let me be the first to welcome you to the island. - Thank you. Your journey begins right now. Gentlemen, enjoy your day, and I will see you guys very soon. - All right, Mark, see ya. - Okay? A girl just sent home because of me. That was super awkward, but I'm really excited 'cause all the guys are super hot. I can't wait to get to know them. Nice to meet you guys. - Lindsay, nice to meet you. - Hi. - Karl. Nice to meet you. - Karl, nice to meet you. I gotta be honest with you, I think... I feel like I know you from somewhere. - Yeah. I've been trying to put my finger on it. - Yeah, I know you. - You know... Okay. And that's that. Seeing Lindsay is so crazy, you know? I think I know her, and I gotta pull Lindsay away and get some one-on-one time with her 'cause I... I'm telling you, like, this is so weird. I'm glad that I look familiar to you, 'cause years ago when, like, dating apps first started, we met. - Uh-huh. All the girls have just met Lindsay. I'm none too impressed. During that time, I saw you out from Santa Monica. And I just, like, couldn't bring myself to say hi to you. I was so scared. - Oh, my God. That is so crazy. Do you believe in fate? - Yeah. - Yeah? Me, too. Third time's a charm. I hear that. I just... Ugh. I'm super pumped that you're here. So I can fight with ya. Little blades of pineapples. Pineapples as far as the eye can see. I think after the first elimination, us ladies are excited to go on a date today. Jack surprised me with his poetry at the talent show because he put himself out there, and he brought something new to the table, and I mean, I think he deserves to be rewarded for that. - Oh, there's one. Come on. Get in there. I'll hold it. - Wait. Luna is really funny and easy-going. That's like one of the main reasons why I chose to go out on a date with him, because I feel like that's... that's a great quality to have in a person. Snap it. I believe in you. Wait. - No! - Just break it. - Oh, no shit. - Oh, that was easy. Yeah, that was easy. I'll probably never be at a pineapple farm again, and so I really just wanna learn what the hell is there to really know about pineapples? - Oh! - Just keep twisting. Yeah. - Oh, good job. - You can eat them, drink them, uh, smash them? - That's intense. - That's like a fruit ninja sort of thing. - Do we get to do that? - Yes, do it. - Just get in there. - Just don't stand anywhere close to the knife. Yeah! Good job. Oh, shit. You made Big Papa into Little Papa. Yeah, pineapples are actually a little bit more interesting than what I gave 'em credit for. - All right. - Let's go. I'm thirsty. Hard day's work out on the pineapple farm. Oh, man. It's really hard. - Should have got me. Luna definitely makes me feel comfortable. He doesn't ask me those deep, burning questions like some of the other guys do, so we had a good time. - Cheers to a good time. - Cheers. - Cheers to that. - I definitely feel like I'm opening up a little bit more. I can't believe that pineapples came from bushes. - Right. - So I learned that. What'd you think, a bunch of trees? I kind of did, yeah. - Whoo, that's a big one. - Aah! Go down. My turn. I chose Jeffri because she comes with it every time. She's very confident. Go, go, go, go. She's kinda like a Beyoncé type of girl. Aah! Oh, yeah! Look at... - Fantastic. - Aah! I'm excited to really go on this second date with Morgan. She's a great girl, she's super fun, and, obviously, I'm attracted to her, and so right now I'm just gonna focus on Morgan. - Aah! - Yeah, bud! - The sand might be really hot. - Ooh, yeah. Ooh, it is hot. - Is it hot? - Yes, it is hot. - Uhh! All right. Let's go. I chose Carlos to go on today's date. He's the type of guy that I'm kinda looking for. He has a good job. He's passionate. He's funny, you know? And I'm always looking at those characteristics and attributes that I feel like John maybe lacks. If I need to throw up, what do I do? What can of sign do I make? I picked Val for my date today. He's so funny. He makes all of the girls and me laugh, and I'm ready to have a really good time with him. - You guys ready? - Yeah. Oh, we're going. - Whee! - Whoo! Aah! At times, I feel like I could be treated better and more appreciated. So what is it that makes you feel unappreciated? Just little things like just getting a thank you. Sometimes I don't get that, but I share that with her, and I was like, "You know what? I realize you're 25. Like, do I keep relying on this it's because you're young?" I think Jeffri is really cool. She's very easy to talk to. But it's just... It wasn't there for me. It really boils down to you just haven't met your true match. It's a chemistry thing. I wonder what we're getting into today. - Scuba! Scuba diving. - Oh, my God. Those things are awesome. I chose Tara just because she has a very outgoing personality. We've already had a lot of fun just in the house, so this date, I'm not gonna really worry too much about what Kady's doing. I'm just gonna try to have a great time with Tara. We're scuba snorkeling. It's amazing. I never knew that it even existed. I'm having a good time. I got my pecs out, my pectorials, and Allie has her bikini on. Then again, I'm looking at her as a person, but she's definitely got buns. Yeah. Thank you! John's great. Like, everything I've seen of him so far... He's really, really sweet. - So you had a good time? - Oh, my gosh, yes! Um, so you and Kady have been together for... - Who's Ka... Who's Kady here? Just kidding. Sorry to bring it up. And at least for right now, you know, like, tell me, like, who are your top guys? I mean, that's really hard to say, um... I think if I had to pick somebody who's overall well-rounded, I think the obvious answer would be you. - Okay. Well, I'm glad. Cheers to that. - Yeah. Well, cheers. - Cheers to that. She's a beautiful girl, and knowing that she feels the same way about me in some ways, yeah, feels great. Am I gonna have the girly drink now? - Cheers. - Cheers to that. Damn, it'll be like we're sharing straws? So cute. - I think we're gonna have to. This is actually really good. - This is actually stupid good. So why'd you wanna come on, like, this kind of experience, on a very real note? - I wanted to see if there's anything out there, you know what I mean? There's obviously people in relationships that are not there for the right reasons. - Yeah, very true. - You know what I mean? - I don't think I was really fully mentally prepared for what I got myself into. We've been kinda, like, stuck in, like, one spot because we haven't, like, pushed each other. The guy you're with right now, he took a really big risk bringing you here. - Thank you. - Seriously, though. - You're so sweet. - Hopefully he realizes it. If he doesn't... - Yeah. - He's shit out of luck. Aw. This is epic. Look at that. I've given up on dating other girls. I'm like, I'm just gonna take it really, really slow. - All of them? - I mean, pretty much, yeah. - I'm like... - Except... I mean, I'm, like, trying to figure it out with you, though. It's, like, it's crazy. - I'm at a point now where I don't want... like, I don't want a friend. Like, I'm, like, looking for something real. Morgan is absolute trouble. I feel like she's real, but I'd be lying if I said that it wasn't, like, it didn't make me a little nervous. Putting myself completely out there with at girl that, you know, I-I know I have an connection with. I have to have my guard up a little bit. I wanna spend time with you. I need more time, but you gotta be, like, somewhat patient on my end, too. No, I get that. So I guess you have to invite me on every single date. You're... ing trouble for me. I am not trouble. What's up? How's it going? Did you have a good time on your date? We went to the ocean and did some scuba snorkeling. - It was all aquatic. - Okay. So not fair. Yeah, there was a beach right there. What are you looking for? Me? Why? Your eyes. Your look and stuff... it just... I'm like your best friend here besides the guys. Brittney's pretty interesting. She's like a cool girl you can go out and hang out with. But dating... She's suspect for sure. You are really cute, but then again, you do have, like, a sexual energy. It's 'cause I'm an Aquarius, huh? I don't know what it is. She has them eyes. It's like a cheetah in the jungle, like something just like... It's like she's purring with her tail. She can be kinda scary to some extent. - Don't be scared. - I'm trying. I-I have to go through my phases before I can be able to, you know, acknowledge... - I accept that, and I look forward to the unfolding. She's beautiful, but it can be a little bone-chilling sometimes. It's like, oh. I need the men to go have a seat in your chairs. I do not like this. I have no idea what's going on, but I'm scared. Tonight we're here to potentially induct you into our sorority. - Are you gonna haze us? I don't do hazing. I hope you're ready, because your journey begins now. - Oh, my God. Is this initial shots to start? Yes, shot for you, shot for you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Of course, of course. Enjoy. - Javen, are you willing to... give a lap dance? I'm not giving no lap dance. You have to play along. These girls... they're gonna get me crucified. Might as well drop out in a helicopter into, like, a lava pit and just incinerate me, 'cause it'll be done with my girl. Karl, do a body shot off of the girl of your choice. Hell, no, I don't want my girl to see that. I will pass it on to Evan. - Evan. Karl... he's scared of hurting Nicole, so I thought I'd take that bullet for my boy. Evan! Evan! Whoo! Oh, he went in. That was good. That was good. John has to lick peanut butter off of the chest... - That's hot. - Of Erica. Yeah! May the licking begin. It was just like something that I would have done at a bachelor party. All right, you made it happen. - Oh! - Aah! - Oh! - I need some room! I don't think Kady would have been too upset with it. Damn. Nothing like a good, solid amount of protein. - Okay, John. You're a good sport. It wasn't like the peanut butter was on her nipple and I had to, like, do circles around it or anything like that. This peanut butter was up, kinda, you know... I hate you guys with a passion. I hate you guys. - Here you go, my dear. - You shouldn't have. I'm gonna make a little drink for myself. Look at you. I'm here to get to know all these girls. Brittany's very smart and very articulate. And she's gorgeous. Like, I wanna continue to get to know her more. - That's beautiful! - Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Wow, I never would've guessed that... - Thought? Yeah. - Yeah, never. Talking to Brittany is very easy. I could see myself definitely getting to know Brittany a lot more. - There's a pineapple farm. I didn't know that was a thing. "I didn't know that was a thing"! - I didn't. - Uhh! You've been eating too many pineapples. I feel like with Kady, we have a connection, and then, you know, she's doing the same thing with another guy. It's a frustrating process, and it feels like you are taking two steps forward to take five steps back. It's part of the game on the island. Yeah. - I need you... - I like to eat, man. I need you in the gym so I can do curls. Wynn... he's so funny, and he has a huge alpha male, like, presence, which I love and I'm super attracted to. - Aw. - You know what I'm saying? There's that, but... My biggest connection is with Kady, honestly. I could tell she loves my personality and my humor, which might be something different than what her current boyfriend has to offer. Exactly. Mm. - Like, what's not to love? You've grown on me, and you take charge and almost take, like, leadership, and you're so funny, and that's actually the way to my heart. It is. It is definitely... So... From this point on, I think that things are only gonna get more more real and more raw, which I love, so... I don't know. We'll see what happens. You got me. Are you sure? I'm not gonna let you go nowhere. Am I heavy? Honestly, like, after our first date, I wanted to bring you on the second date, but... I just kinda felt like that was maybe a lot. I know. If I'm gonna go on a date, I would obviously prefer it to be with you, like... you're somebody that I truly do wanna get to know. I don't know if I can really open up all the way in this type of scenario. - I know. Tyler makes me kinda feel tempted, and I have to, like, kind of think about it before doing anything, like, irrational. My boyfriend's worried that I'm gonna do something because I'm younger than him, and he doesn't, I feel like, have trust in me. Why? Have you not proven to him what you bring to the table? Like, he and I had such upbringings, and, like, I'm much more of a person that's just like, I'll trust you until you prove me wrong, and he's completely the opposite. Why is it always you catering to him? I think maybe... that you might come to a self-realization. He was good for that moment, but you have to follow your heart. Yeah. Ing cute. Stop. Goddamn, you are something else. - I just don't know about you. - Stop. I haven't been in this position in so long, and I don't even know, like, she makes me nervous. Our chemistry together is just crazy. Like, this is... This is really hard for me. I only have eyes for you right now. Like, it's bottom line. I think I'm in it. You're in it? - Mm-hmm. All right, well, I'm in it. What I feel with Morgan is real. I am truly going after this. Here we go. Kaci and I have been together for so long, and I felt like we needed this to help us push us in the right direction, you know, whether it's together or not. - Welcome, fellas. - What's up, Mark? - How you doing, Mark? I'm great. Now I'm kinda questioning my connection with Morgan. It's just... It's just upsetting, man. It's just... Welcome to bonfire, boys. Tonight I have another clip of your girlfriends' experience. You have the choice of watching by yourself or watching with the whole team, okay? We're gonna start with you, Javen. Thank you. I would love that. Show the guys. Show the gang. All right. All right, here we go. Good luck. Like, I want something that's exclusive, and she's exclusive, and she looks good, and she's smart. Like, she's my type. - Shari's man... He's afraid that his girl's gonna realize that there's way better men than him. She's here to test him. But hopefully she comes to a self-realization, like, yo, like, what am I... I'm testing somebody who doesn't even deserve to have me completely to himself. What do you think? I see a bunch of guys who like what I have, and it is what it is. Sounds like he's, you know, got some feelings for her. I would, too, and I do, and that's why I got her. End of the day, that's my girlfriend, not theirs. And, you know, they can feel however they want. - Let's move on to another clip. Evan, you're next. Everybody? - The boys. Okay, boys. Oh, damn! Must be nice, living a life like this. I know, right? We're just, like, treated like queens. Of course. We're just out here giving piggyback rides. I don't think I was really fully mentally prepared for what I got myself into. We've been kind of, like, stuck in, like, one spot because we haven't, like, pushed each other. The guy you're with right now he took a really big risk. - I mean, I mean, she said... You know, she said it herself that, you know, she didn't actually understand what she got herself into. You know, she was the one that brought, you know, this situation and this whole experiment, you know, to me. - Yeah. - And, uh, I just hope that she, you know, has the wherewithal to go through this whole process. You still feel that connection with her? Absolutely. Even though we've been through so much, she's been through me losing, you know, losing my pops and, you know, all... Everything in between, you know? But I'd be lying if I said I'm not gonna explore with Morgan. This is truly what we signed up for, and, like, now I feel like, you know, I'd... I'm all in and she's not, and, you know, I can't turn that shit back. I can't walk that back. - All right, John, you ready? - I guess so. - Sharing with the boys? - Yep. Okay. You haven't had actual conversation... - You're not my usual type. - Exactly. But as I'm getting to know you... - Mm. - Like, what's not to love? And you're so funny, and that's actually the way to my heart. You stir kinda butterflies feeling. - It is. - Kinda have that... giddy feeling. - It is definitely. You are the only guy that could rock my world. John? Um... Obviously, I don't wanna see that, but, uh, last night, I licked peanut butter off a girl's boobs. So... I'm sure she's gonna see that video, and she's probably gonna feel the same way I kinda felt about that one. Although if I'm watching you lick peanut butter off of some girl's boobs with a bunch of folks around, it's one thing. It's another saying, "I have feelings." I mean, it's really tough, but I'm just trying to feel single, and I'm just gonna hope... Hope that Kady doesn't stray too far away. You're still hoping that at the end, Kady's gonna be there. I'm hoping for sure. Karl, you ready? Okay. It's gonna be okay. My boyfriend's worried that I'm gonna do something because I'm younger than him and he doesn't, I feel like, have trust in me. Why? Have you not proven to him what you bring to the table? Why does it seem so one-sided? - Yeah. Maybe this really did happen for a reason. - Yeah. - And maybe you... That you might come to a self-realization. Maybe you might be like you realize, like, he was good for that moment, but you have to follow your heart. Yeah. Please, God. - You're shaking your head. What are you thinking? She's scared about this whole experience. So it's messing with her. It's messing with her mind to open up to another man, period. Seeing her emotional is getting to me. I miss her. I play tough, but I know. Now I... I mean, now I know. - What do you know? - I just know, like, this whole experience so far is making me miss her more, to be honest. Like, that's a great thing. You show me something like that, I'm thinking about, you know, is she worried? Is she okay? All these things I can't communicate, I can't text her. - What's the hardest part? I mean, I know how I'll feel if I see something bad. It's... I'll... I'll be a mess. That's all I have for you tonight, guys. You can head back to your villa, have a great night, and I'll check in with you soon. - Yes, sir. - Sounds good. - Sounds good. This is the toughest thing I've dealt with. I didn't think that I was capable of, like, missing her to this extent, and I am, and it's hitting home. Oh, man. My biggest fear is him, like, obviously, doing something physical with someone. - Yeah. - I mean... - Yeah. Me and Evan came in this so open, like, I was okay with him, like, doing a kiss. But you've changed your mind now, right? - And I can't take it back. - Yeah. So it's too late. Bonfire's really hard for me. I'm anticipating seeing Evan get closer to the girls and live that single life. So my anxiety's out of control. Yeah, I don't feel good. I'm feeling pretty anxious. Like, I'm always worried about what I might see at the bonfire. - Hello, friends. - Hi. - How are you? - Good. How are you? - Seats there for ya. - The single girls are getting a lot more comfortable, a little too flirty. So I'm expecting something not great. Welcome to bonfire. Our favorite. Shari, you're wearing all black. Is this significant of anything? Um, yeah, I feel like I'm going to, like, a funeral or something. I mean, I feel like I'm starting to just have tougher skin. So I feel like I'm ready to see anything. I mean, at least I think I am. - Okay. I'm just gonna keep telling myself that. As you know, bonfire's the place where you'll get a glimpse of moments your boyfriends are having on the island, and tonight is no exception. The only choice you have is to watch it together or by yourselves with earbuds. Are you ready? Okay. We'll start with you, Kaci. Let's do this. Okay, here we go. - Ing cute. - Stop. Goddamn, you are something else. I just don't know about you. Stop. I only have eyes for you, I know. Like, it's bottom line. - So you're in it? - I think I'm in it. I think I'm in it, too. It's like torture. - You're strong. - You got this. I'm literally being tortured. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 