Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e2 - Single Again - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Single Again - full transcript 
 The men and women go on their first dates with the singles. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... Welcome, you guys! - This is it. We're going on this to be together or start new lives. Stop. I hope you're ready, because your journey begins right now. Oh, my God. - Let's be best friends... - Okay. Yeah. And then maybe even lovers. There's so much temptation out there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Take care of your man, or you'll lose him. Does anyone wanna know about me at all? So I definitely see some people clashing. Chocolate and you get the vanilla. Each one of you can use this to block a single from dating your partner. - John. She's got the fangs out, and she's here to play dirty. It's a very real possibility this is goodbye forever. - Don't cut me off. Let me speak. Is Shari the one for me or should I take a whole different route? I'm hoping that, like, he realizes how much, like, we love each other... because he's... he's my person. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're not gonna tempt me. Yeah. This is some heavy, heavy stuff for sure. Evan was getting so emotional, and I was just like, trying to be like, "We're gonna be good. Like, don't worry." Saying goodbye to Evan was definitely a lot more difficult than I thought it would be. It's crazy. Like, we're basically "single," and he's with girls right now, and these girls are confident. They're ready to... They're ready to get my guy, and my guy's frickin' hot. Oh, my God. Can I change? After spending my last dinner fighting again with Javen, um, I feel a little disconnected. - Ladies, ladies. - Hello. Welcome back. The longest we've been apart was when Javen went away for college. During that time, he did have his infidelities, so Javen is very much still on my mind, and it's hard for me to focus on the singles. - How was dinner with everybody? - It's good. Good. - Good! - It was interesting. Yeah. Do you guys wanna go put some PJs on and hang out or, uh, are we just calling tonight? - I need some wine. I need to change. - We'll pajama and wine it. - Well, don't be too excited. I feel that the girls are being very standoffish. It's like they're scared to talk to us. What are you scared about? I got a lot of love in this little body. Let me spread it out like butter on a multigrain bread. - Hello! - Is that just straight vodka? No, it's vodka, Coke, and water. - Oh, no. I'm a lightweight. Like, I'll get drunk so easily. - I've been waiting for you. So do you do ice in wine, or is that, like... really? - Yeah. I don't care. All right, let me get you some ice, then. I always had my eye on Shari. I'm a smooth criminal, man. I'm just gonna be myself and then hopefully she'll like me. I'm gonna try to, you know, warm her up and see if she can open up a bit. - How was tonight? - It was... It was cool. - Yeah? - Yeah. - You kinda seem upset, though. - No, I... Why... Why do I seem upset? I've just seen you pacing and, you know, walking around here... - What? Right now? - Yeah. I'm a little anxious to meet the singles because I haven't really conversed with single men for eight years, so this is just bizarre to me. All the girls in the house are calling me the forbidden fruit. - The forbidden fruit? That's funny. So, yeah, I'm blocked, t I mean, John and I live together. I'm not gonna let the block stop me from having conversations with him and really try to get to know him because he is the one I'm most interested in by far, and so I definitely am going to pretend that this isn't even here. I mean, 'cause it's just kind of a bummer. I mean... And so we can still hang out, though. Exactly. Kathryn is very attractive, but Kathryn came in kinda hot and heavy, and it kinda put me on guard. Hey, wait a second. Whoa. Hell, no. We... We are 100% in this. You know, like... She should've. I was like, "That was a mistake, honey." Mistake. - Wrong move. Who should... Oh, no. I feel like that's a loaded question. - That's loaded. - I don't care if it's loaded. You have to answer the question. - Hmm? Yes. - Just keep drinking. - You know, I, uh, I'm a sucker for, you know, natural beauties. Brittney! - It could have been Brittney. - Yeah! Mm! I'm pretty natural. It doesn't take me three hours to get ready. I'm not gonna be too thirsty 'cause I'm assuming that's what the other girls are gonna do and I think that'll make me stand out, so that's my game plan. I need something real, you know, and so if it's not with, you know, Kaci, then maybe it's with one of you guys. I love Kaci, okay? But, like, she wants a ring on the finger and I want to get down on one knee. I just, like, I just don't think it's now. I'm 100% committed to this process. Maybe the grass is greener, maybe it's not. But I'm definitely gonna find out. To "Temptation Island" and finding what our heart desires. - All right! Cheers! - Whoo! Cheers. You know, when I see eight chairs, I know that Kaci's about to be back at the beach villa. I was pretty upset. It's just hard for me to get in the right mindset with prying eyes on us, you know? - Hello, everybody. - Hi. - You all look great. Gentlemen, nice to see you. Ladies, nice to see you. What a great day to be here on the island, wouldn't you agree? - Yeah. - Beautiful. - And today's a big day. We've got some work to do because it's time to choose your dates. "Awkward" is just like the perfect word to describe how I feel right now. I just wasn't expecting to have to choose our dates in front of each other. First date selection, let's do it. Karl, you get to go first. Are you ready? - I'm ready. - Just go over and pick the one you wanna go on a date with and bring her back here. - Sheldyn. - Aw! - Get it, girl. - I'm shocked. I picked Sheldyn. I felt like the whole room just kinda stopped, but I think she's a good-looking girl. First date, I wanna get to know Sheldyn a little more, explore her mind and see how she feels about the dating experience with me. All right, John, it's your turn. Let's get to it. All right. Hannah. All right. Okay. I knew it. I knew that John was gonna pick Hannah. She's really pretty. She's got the blonde hair. She's got the look. I think he would have chose Kathryn if I had blocked Hannah. I mean, it's... what are you gonna do? - Javen, you're next. You ready to go? - I'm ready. - Let me see your happy face. There you go. All right. Go get 'em, Javen. - Can I choose you, Kayla? - Yes. - All right. - Kayla! - Yeah! - All right. Oh, God. Javen's pick seems like she's a nice girl, but I mean, they all are here technically to date our men, so, like, I'm not gonna be naive in that fact, but at the same time, I'm not concerned, that he's gonna, like, fall in love with anyone. Evan, it's your turn. - Brittney? - Brittney! Ah! That makes sense. All right! I'm definitely pleasantly surprised. I thought he was gonna go for maybe one of the cattier girls that's a little bit more aggressive, and I don't know her, but she seems like she might be a little bit more laid-back. I think he's going into this in a very mature mindset, and that makes me proud of him. All right, ladies, now it's your turn to pick your dates, and, Shari, you get to go first. Yeah. Shari and James, all right. - My girlfriend is a... She's like a queen. - Congratulations. - Appreciate it, brother. She's very demanding, and I expect these guys to work. They should not have it easy. Like, I don't have it easy, to be honest. They're gonna see. They're in for a rude surprise. Kaci, your turn. Carlos. - Oh, wow. So Kaci chose Carlos. I think that she chose him because of the confidence, you know? She's drawn to confidence. That's how I got her. - The pride of Havana. - Thank you. Yeah. - "Pride of Havana." Doesn't make me feel great, but, you know, I ain't worried about, you know, Mr. Cuba. - Congratulations, Carlos. - Thank you. Nicole, are you ready? - Oh. - Okay, Tyler. Going on a date. Congratulations. - Thank you. Okay, Kady, you've had to wait the longest. Your turn. Hmm. Johnny. - I called it. - Did you? All right. He's like, "Ah, who knew?" All right, well, you did it. Now that the dates have been selected, what are you feeling? Are you surprised at all, Karl? I know she likes chocolate, so... She's definitely a couple, but I'm surprised she picked him. Well, you know, there's all kinds of flavors of chocolate, too. That's true. That's true. - Nicole? - I honestly kind of feel like he picked someone he wasn't attracted to so he wouldn't be tempted. - Ooh. - Wow. Nicole's read was way off. Ain't nothing wrong with Sheldyn. Sheldyn's a good-looking girl. She's... She's cool. Shari, what was your reaction to Javen's choice? I mean, honestly, she seems like a really nice girl, like, compared to the other girls. - Thank you. - You're welcome. All right. So your dates will start tomorrow morning. Have a great time. I will see you tomorrow night. All right? - All right. - Thank you. - Bye. I now feel like it's actually happening, and we're on this journey, and I never thought I'd put our relationship in jeopardy like this. Let's toast it up tonight! I wanna be like this little, like, blonde girly girl with a sleeve. Like, it's a secret dream of mine. - I would love that. I love you already, - but I would love that. - Thank you! Right? - Mm-hmm. One thing I give my boyfriend a hard time for, being from Dallas... - Yeah. - He's from the city. - Yeah. The city boy. He's just not as manly, I suppose... - Right. - And I hate to use the word "manly," but I'm always, like, wanting to do outdoor things, active things. Like if we were to have children, he wouldn't be able to teach our sons how to do that kind of stuff. Yes! Yeah. Definitely had something in mind of, like, the type of man I wanted to marry, and John doesn't exactly fit that bill. Definitely has those wandering moments or wandering thoughts of, you know, is there something better out there? Is there someone better-suited for me out there? It's so hard to say. It's really unclear. Let me ask you this. Have you ever talked to a black man before? Have you ever been attracted to one? - No. The answer's no. The answer's no, but I will tell you, I really enjoyed our conversation. - I did, too. - I literally feel so comfortable talking to you, and you t... - Give me a light little hug. Bring it in. No, but you... You know, let's go join the party. - Hello, hello. - Hey, hey. - You good out here? - Yeah, just, like, clearing my head. I miss Javen so much. I just feel, like, really just, like, guilty even engaging in conversations. I can't help thinking, is he gonna perceive this the wrong way? You excited for your date tomorrow? - Uh... - Our date tomorrow? - No? - I'm excited to get out of the house. - As ecstatic as I was that you chose me... I mean, you know, you've been very, uh, reserved, so... Yeah, 'cause I still feel like people are, like, getting to know us, and initially, that is really intimidating. - Yeah. - You know? - Mm-hmm. Oh, definitely, I know. I'm experiencing it very well. You're experiencing it right now. Mm-hmm. - Salud! - How'd you feel about today, like, with your man? It's gotta be, like, a little stressful. - I felt, like, butterflies. I was like, oh, my God. Like, the girl's going on a date with my boyfriend. I'm going on a date with a guy. Like, it's getting real for sure. I'm not into Evan going on a date with Brittney. It definitely terrifies me. Are you worried about these girls? They seem pretty aggressive. I feel like they're on a different... - No, they're gonna rage, and... They already probably are right now. Yeah. Do it, do it! Do it! We're literally here to find love, and, like, we're here to find, like, to connect with everyone. So it's like, think about these... Think about these dudes having girlfriends. Whoo! I'm a strong, independent woman. I taught her well. - You come up with it. - Yeah, that's on you. - Tomorrow is the beginning. - Look at this. You are something else. I'm really excited for my date with Evan. I feel like he's the most genuine guy here. I'm just hoping that this leads to something incredible and life-changing. You're making more of a face than I am. You're like... - I'll show you the king's room. - Ohh! I've been looking for love for a while, and, like, sometimes I think I find it and I'm just, like, wrong a lot. - Behold. - Where the magic happened. I'm looking for someone crazy like me who has stories, kind of that YOLO mentality. And I like abs. What about your relationship? What brought you here? Just reassurance, knowing that you are with the right person. Nowadays, men, commitment... It's just... It's a big thing. - It's rare. And to commit and be for real, like... - Yeah. - It's hard. And I'm not a saint. I think about Nicole and what she's doing. I believe we both have some trust issues. When I met her, she had a boyfriend at the time, and she broke up with him. I don't even wanna think about Nicole walking around half-naked around other men. Have you ever gone on a date with a blonde? No, I've never have been on a date with a blonde. Really? Kathryn's about to change your life. Just kidding! You guys are something else. As soon as we get that tequila, it's on. You're taking a shot with us. I'm-a take a shot with you guys. I have a problem with attention, and that's how I ended up cheating on my girlfriend, but I feel special. - So how's tonight been? Have you had fun? I had fun, probably too much fun for a night, but... I have this weird, like, Shari back in my head, like, she's on my shoulder like, "Javen, you know, I'm a... you up." I wanted to talk to you because I just feel like... I'm not touching women. I've been touched a few times on my shoulder and girls try to hug me, I give a little shorter hug. I know my girlfriend might not like that. - I don't know why. There's something about you that, like, I literally, I can't shake. Thank you. Javen, Javen, Javen, Javen, Javen. What am I to do? I am really attracted to you, and I don't know what to do with my hands. Please do not touch me. - Like... - Will you go over there and grab them? - Can I get a drink? I gotta pee, too. - Yeah. , I... ed up. I... ed up. I... ed up. Oh, I can't hold hands, though. But no problem. Arm. I'll grab you. - I can't take this back. I did it already. It just happened, and I've been drinking. All right, nice talking to you. What'd I just do? Please pray for me, America. I'm so sorry, Shari. Are you going to bed? I'm going to bed. What you doing? Yo, why are you so quiet? You know, you're not like this. Is it 'cause Morgan's not here? Why are you saying that? You're the most animated when Morgan's around. I just, you know, I'm just gonna say... - No. It's... No. Morgan's my best friend in this house, but at the end of the day, I'm here for a shot at love. I wanna have fun. I wanna flirt. I wanna flirt with Evan, and I wanna see what comes of it. I'm a flirty person. Can we do a confessional together? - You want to? - Yeah. - It's open. Let's go. - Okay, let's do it. - Oh. No. - No way. , dude. He's up till the wee hours in the morning in the private room with Kathryn? Like, this is horseshit. I'd be pissed. I feel so bad for Brittney. - What's up? - You didn't ask me for any time together. - You haven't pursued anything with me, you know, I've been... - I am now. - Oh, well, now you are. But, like, this is brand-new. It's I'm going to bed. I was, you know... What? It's like, just, like, respect, like if you were going on a date with someone tomorrow, I wouldn't be doing this. - Yeah, I would feel super disrespectful. - I wouldn't be doing this. - What's going on? - Morgan likes you. - Okay. All right. I had no idea. Yeah. I mean, we talked but... - That's my best friend. So... - Hi. - Hi. What the hell are you doing? - Doing a confesh. - You're being such a good friend right now. - I know. Such a... Come here! Will you come here? - I will not. - Why? Why are you so mad? - We can make room. - I'm not mad. I'm not mad for me. What do you mean? - I'm actually going to bed. I don't wanna do this. - What's going on? - She's so mad. Well, why don't you talk to Morgan? - What do I say? - I don't know. I had told Kathryn that I was the most attracted to Evan, and it kinda, like, blew up in my face. I do not have a crush on Evan. I just don't. Like, I don't. I don't. Man. Goodness God. - Speak of the Devil. Am I the Devil? You might be. - Evan is supposed to go on a date with Brittney, but in the wee hours of the morning, he's in his confessional, so it appeared that there was something hanky-panky going on. Now what are you talking about? I was just saying that you have a 6 A.M. date with Brittney... - Uh-huh. And, like, up to the wee hours in the private confessional room with Kathryn. - Well, now, no... - And I'm like, wow. - I don't know what you have planned or what's going on with this date. - Oh, my God. - But you might wanna have a conversation with Brittney before your date. I'm not one to get in the middle of friends. That's a lie. I have definitely been in these situations before. I felt like I was back in college days all over again. And I just... I didn't want that here, you know? Listen, you just said I was jealous! I opened the door because we are friends, and you just insulted me in the worst way. I don't think you're jealous. - Listen to everybody else! Shut up! I literally don't know what the drama was about. Why am I not sleeping right now? It's like 1:00 in the morning. I have to be up in, like, five hours to go on our first date. This is bullshit. - I don't know... I don't like Evan. I don't even need a thing... - You're mad because you heard me talk in the confessional. - I'm not mad. I'm not mad about that. As my friend, why would you open it and just run off and be like, ah, I'm gonna be a little rat? Because I am not comfortable with it. Then shut the... up! It's not your goddamn ing confessional! Okay, Kathryn, I'm inviting Evan into our room. Don't care if you like it or not. Kathryn, this is crazy. You said that you just didn't wanna talk in the kitchen publicly because you knew that she had a crush on me, okay? She has a crush on me. - So good. "Morgan, you have a crush on me. You... You have a crush on me." Okay? Hmm. This is about her, not me. And I'm really pissed. And I didn't say that Morgan had a crush on you. - You did, Kathryn. You said... - I said... You just told me I was a... ing jealous whore. So come here, come here, come here, come here. This is... This is... - You keep saying shit that you don't know what you're saying. - No, I said... - And I can see you saying it. - I know. - Jesus. You were being disrespectful to her, and I was trying to save you. I don't understand why any of this is happening. I think these girls are really upset. I don't know why all this drama is happening. - Right. - I'm tired, and I can't deal with this right now if I'm supposed to wake up in six hours. I don't know that I can wake up in six hours. Oh, man. This is gonna be beautiful. Have you ever driven like a go-kart or anything similar? - Nah. Hopefully, we won't flip it. - Don't say that. - Oh, thank you. I'm going on my first date here on the island with Brittney. I'm a nervous wreck because we had a messy night beforehand, so I need to make it right because everything's screwed up before it even starts. - Thank you. - The first date is gonna be kind of awkward for me. I love my girlfriend. And I've been with her for eight years, almost nine. So I don't know how to react to things. I don't know how Kayla is gonna react to me. I'm kinda... a little nervous, but I'm looking forward to having fun. - Whoo! - Hit it. I'm really excited about these excursion dates, but I'm a little nervous. Kady and I, we've been dating for two years and eight months, so, yeah, I feel like I need to dust the cobwebs off. Wow, this is beautiful. Oh, the last time I went on a first date was eight years ago, so it's a lot for me to take in. It's definitely an awkward situation for me compared to the other girls. - Ahh. How pretty is this? - This is incredible. I've never, never been on a date snorkeling. I think snorkeling with the right person could totally be romantic. Carlos really stood out to me 'cause he's so cute, the little dimples. He has that whole, like, Latin lover vibe. So, yeah, it's super cute. What does your family think about you doing this? So, to them, it was a little like, "Are you sure you wanna do this?" And to me, there was no doubt in my mind, not only for the experience of myself, but for you guys, too. - Yeah, that's good. - What about you? What about your family? Especially you, because I know you guys are coming together. Oh, man, my family's super religious. Everyone got married, like, super young. I'm the oldest grandchild. - Okay. And the majority of my cousins have been married and have, like, two, three kids. - And you're the only one. I'm sure, like, "What's wrong with you? What are you waiting for?" - They do. They do. They're just like, "What's wrong with her?" - I don't feel like everyone should have to be on the same clock. Honestly, one of mine and Evan's biggest issues is the fact that I wanna... Wanna get engaged and get married, and he's just not ready. I feel like he might be feeling that pressure, and the more that you pressure someone... Yeah, it's pushing him away. - Yeah, the more back... And that's just human nature. Maybe I need to have a little bit more patience with Evan, and I kind of am a little bit mad at myself that I had to come here to realize that. I'm gonna be very honest. I'm kinda pissed at myself. This is a first for me. This is a lot of firsts. - So let's cheers to firsts. - Yeah, I know. To firsts. There you go. You look like a gangster. I'm on my first date with Evan, and I am, like, not into it right now because there was a nice scene created last night, and when there's drama involved, I want nothing to do with it. Ahh. - This is beautiful. - Right. I gotta, you know, I'd like to talk to you about last night just for a little bit. - Okay. I think that Kathryn was trying to be, you know, respectful, and I felt so bad that, you know, you were getting brought into it. The drama right now is so unnecessary and inappropriate. - It's like three weeks in. It's... yeah. - And it's just weird. Yeah, I hear... - So I do have a little sour taste in my mouth, but I just need to chill for the next couple days. Yeah. I just... I wish it never happened. I feel the most comfortable with you, okay? And, uh, I know I had the last pick, but you aren't anybody's last pick, that's just crazy, so... - Thank you. - Are you still glad you came? - Yeah. - Okay. - I feel like we're both on the same page, so... Brittney said she needed some space, and I totally hear her 100% on that. Everybody's just barely getting to know each other, and I hope Brittney's not upset or anything, but the other ladies are vying for that attention, and so I'm all in 100%. You wanna go check out some coastline, or you know? So there's, like, a lot of guys to choose for my first date, right? But I just, like, wanted to experience my first date with somebody that I feel, like, really open and comfortable talking to, so... Going into this date, I kind of, like, have my guard up a little bit. I've been in a relationship for so long that conversating with men was just kind of off-limits. Yeah. Go ahead. My relationship with Karl is, like, my first in-depth love. - Yeah. - And I think, me... I wanna know kinda like if that's what it's supposed to be for the rest of my life. - Right. That was just, like, a big eye-opening moment to me. I almost feel like if we had more time, we could have had more stuff to talk about. If we go on another date, like, we could take it another step farther. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Were you offended at all by what Nicole said? I, you know, completely understandable for her to be a little bit sour. You guys do have, like, similar qualities. You don't look exactly alike, but, like, having tanned skin, beautiful face. You both have beautiful eyes. Sheldyn does have a nice body, but my girl... She got muscles. She got ass. Like, that's hard to compete with. I wake up to that every day, so, shit. - Do you miss her? - I do. It's starting to hit. Not being able to see her and be intimate with her. Right. I have needs, and... Um... Karl, what are you saying? For real, like, what are you... What are you doing? What are you thinking? You ruined it. So you're done. Definitely one to remember. You're so sweet. Oh! I chose to go on the date with Johnny today. The only thing that I know about Johnny is he's a chiropractor and he has kind of like a sarcastic personality, which I do, too. - Do you burn? - Not like John does. He has super fair skin. - My mom's Sicilian, so I got... She's like, dark, like, brown hair, brown eyes. Like, Italian. - Mm-hmm. Strong Italian woman, very opinionated. Very... My dad actually, like, has exactly your look. Like, he's your build, your color. Literally, like, your hair, to a freaking "T." I'm finding out, actually, that Johnny is a lot like me. For me, with work, like, I can't take, like, the 2, 3-week break. This is the first time, I think in my life, I've been away from my studies and my work, whatever, for at least a week. Johnny is driven, passionate about life, and John isn't necessarily like that. Seeing Johnny today make me realize that, you know, these questions that I'm having are valid, and it's not irrational. Honestly, I said last night, I felt like we would have a good time. Obviously, I do still like to have fun. We're here. Yeah, I know. I was gonna say so, yeah, you know, Kady kind of blocked Kathryn. She was actually my first choice. You were my second. - Huh. - What were you gonna say? - No. Okay. Dating is hard. Definitely felt awkward and just, like, what am I talking about right now? But trust me, if Kady and I don't get through this, I'll have to come see Portland. I love being second choice. Ladies love that. Yeah. You know... Yeah! There you go! - Oh, you didn't... You haven't... - No. There's just a lot of awkward silence between us. I can't help but to keep thinking about Javen. I miss him so much. Everything that I do, I have this sense of guilt. Wait, is this okay? Should I be doing this? Because I wish that I was doing it with him, and is he doing the same thing, or is he kind of stepping it up a notch? I don't know, and that's kind of killing me inside. - I've been drinking. Not gonna lie. I can drink. Nothing wrong with that. I've been having fun, though. Like, I wanted to go a lot faster but I couldn't. It's okay. Precious cargo right here. - It was fun, though. I liked it. No, you were great. Coming from my past, having too much fun, drinking too much, and cheating on my girlfriend, to be smiling from ear to ear just doesn't feel that good to me, but it does, and so I think I might be having too good of a time, and so this is definitely scary. No. Yeah! I made the right decision. I'm glad to hear that. Oh, man. I just can't believe what we got ourselves into. I'm wondering what my girlfriend's doing, like if she's really connecting with somebody that might make me feel like, all right, well, you know, it's... - It's fair game. - Fair game. Yeah, kinda feel like it's fair game. Mark told us that we were gonna have a bonfire. I really have no clue what to expect, and I feel so much anxiousness going into it, just not knowing what's gonna happen on the island. Walking into bonfire, I'm expecting the worst. My relationship is on the line. I knew that coming in. Gentlemen, welcome. But I hope that we can just get out of this and come out strong like we talked about at the beginning of this. Well, here we are at your first bonfire. Bonfire's out here by itself for a reason, you guys... Get you away from the noise and the distraction of all that's going on in your villas. And this is where you come to talk, and you could get a glimpse of what your girlfriend's experience is like on the island. - Okay. Javen, how you feeling? Um, I miss my girlfriend, honestly, but, uh, I'm battling. I'm going through some adversity over there. It's... It's a different environment. It's definitely different, you know? A lot of things I'm doing, I feel wrong. You know, spending time with other women is like, it's... it's weird, but I'm opening up a little bit. - Well, it's a process. - Yeah. I have clips of your girlfriends from their experience on the island, okay? Now, guys, it's easy to assume the worst, but you gotta remember, you don't know what happens before or after what you're seeing. I'm gonna play these clips, and you can make the choice for yourself if you wanna share it with the guys or watch it with earbuds by yourself. You ready to do this? - Ready. - I'm ready. - Evan, we'll start with you. - Okay. - Okay? So I have this tablet, and you tell me, do you wanna watch it by yourself, or you wanna share it? - I'm gonna have to share that. - Okay. Here we go. - You all got me? - Oh, gotcha. - Got you, bro. Got you. Bye, you guys. We'll talk about the trees later. What's up? You think that's cool over there? - Yeah, wherever. You lead me. - All right. I'm-a lead you. That's what a leader's supposed to do. - Yeah. - Have you been in the pool yet? No, I haven't. I can't wait. - You know how to swim? - I do. - Okay. - I do. I love to swim. You're gonna have to save me then. I know, right? Cheers to an adventure. - Yeah, it is. - What'd you see, Evan? What'd you feel? I feel a little bit uneasy, to be honest. Um, but, uh, this is what we chose to do, you know? Kaci and I came into this, you know, 100%, you know, ready to commit to this process, and hopefully, I wouldn't be completely distraught watching a little bit more of that. Uh, Karl, you ready? - Ready, let's do it. - By yourself or with the team? - Team for sure. - All right. - Supporters, need it. - Got you. - All right, team, here we go. - Go. You are in love with Karl, and, you know, that's your man, whatever, but at the same time, there's still a lot that you wanna experience, and I feel like he's holding you back with experiencing some of those things. - Yeah, my relationship with Karl is like my first in-depth love, and I think for me, I just... I wanna know kinda, like, if that's what it's supposed to be for the rest of my life. If you're questioning your relationship, and you're here, that should be the answer that your relationship isn't 100%. Yeah, I agree. What'd you think? I'm... honestly, like, relieved. I thought I'd see something else. So I feel solid. - And so you are her first love. - Yeah. And so I heard a little bit of the clip of her questioning how do you know if that's the love? - Right. - Does that bother you at all? - It doesn't bother me. She asked... She... She asked me, "What is love?" I explained what love is, and she told me that she does feel that way. She's never felt this way with a man period, and I feel confident. Like, that feels... That feels great to hear. I can run with that. - All right. Javen, you're next. Team or by yourself? - Team. - Okay. All right, here we go. You excited for our date tomorrow? I'm excited to get out of the house. As ecstatic as I was that you chose me. I mean, you've been very reserved, so... - Yeah, I know. - Do you feel, though, like, you're gonna be judged for that 'cause you're technically in a relationship? For sure, yeah. What'd you see? I feel my girlfriend was trying to open up and, you know, conversate. I know it was kinda hard for her, but I want her to open up, you know, we're here for the experience, and I want her to have fun. So that was actually a pretty good clip for you to watch. Yeah, it was pretty good. I gotta ask you guys, you're aware that they're gonna get to see clips of y'all, too. - Yeah. - Mm. - I'm definitely aware of that. - Any regrets with that? I don't know, but I know that I probably got a little friendly last night. It may bother her 'cause of my past, but hopefully she can see through it, she'll try to be mature, and, you know, just have fun, enjoy the experience. All right, let's watch another video. Johnny boy. - Whoo! I hope you're not saving the best for last here. - Are you ready? - I'm ready. - Team? - Team. - I had a feeling. - I might need an inhaler. He's just not as manly, I suppose, and I hate to use the word "manly." but I'm always, like, wanting to do outdoors things, active things. Like, if we were to have children, he wouldn't be able to teach our sons how to do that kind of stuff. Yeah! Yes. - I can't wait to have a son. Hmm. What do you think? Uh... yeah, I mean, of course that bothers me. Um, that's something she said to me in the past. She wants to be more like an alpha male, and I've told her from day one, that's just not who I am, and as far as her saying, like, she's worried about me being a father, I mean, I think that I'd be a great father, so... - You would, bro. - That's obviously something that bothers me that she would say that. I think that this separation and this experience is gonna make her realize that she's been taking me for granted for sure. I think we've had enough for tonight. Uh, you guys can head back to your villa. I'll see you soon, right? - Thank you, man. You can head back. Ahh. Kady said that I wouldn't be a good father, and I'm kinda wondering why the hell is she with me if she thinks that? You know, it definitely hurts my heart. Um, it's something that's really making me look at the issues that we have in our relationship and really figure out if this is, in fact, the woman for me. All right, so what do you guys think's gonna happen tonight? I think the guys are gonna be there. I think the guys might be there. I hope the guys are gonna be there. Mark mentioned we are doing a bonfire tonight. I really don't know what to expect. I don't know what I'm gonna see. I'm feeling very, very anxious. The bonfire definitely makes me feel anxious. Mark said maybe sometime along this journey, that you see something that you don't like, and it's... it's really hard to prepare for that. - Hi, you guys. - Hi! - Welcome. - Welcome. - How are you doing? - Great. I'm doing great. I'm glad to see you. Welcome to bonfire. This is your first bonfire. We'll see each other here from time to time. Let me just let you know what this is about. This is where you come to talk about what's going on with you, share your experiences, and to catch a glimpse of what your boyfriends are doing on the island. It's also where you can get answers. I have video for all four of you of your boyfriends, in some experience they're having, either on their dates or at their villa. - You're excited. - We're all excited about that, yeah. - Are you excited about that? - Yeah. - You kinda anticipated that might be the thing? I have mixed feelings about it. I'll own it. Like, I wanna see. Like, I'm curious, but I also, like, ignorance is bliss. - I get it. Shari? - Yeah. - You're first. You can watch this with the support of the girls, or you can watch it with earbuds. It's your choice. I definitely wanna share with the girls. - Okay. Great. - Yeah. There's something about you that, like, I literally, I can't shake. - Thank you. Javen, Javen, Javen, Javen, Javen, what am I to do? I am really attracted to you. And I don't know what to do with my hands. Please do not touch me. Oh, I can't hold hands, though. , I... ed up. It just happened, and I've been drinking. I don't even wanna watch. All right, nice talking to you. What'd I just do? Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. - Wh... Wh... - That really hurt. I truly am not sure what he confessed to. Remember, you don't know what happens before or after what you're seeing, so... The fact that, like, he would just cross the line in that way is just really hurtful. We're done. I feel empty right now. I'm done. I'm honestly done. If he participated in something, I'm done. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 