Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e10 - Final Bonfire - Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Final Bonfire - Part 1 - full transcript 
 The couples reunite at their final bonfire to make the most important decision of their lives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... Are those freaking dolphins? - Oh, my God! Look at the dolphin! It's a crazy feeling how close I feel to Katheryn. - Oh, shut up. - Wow. Definitely looking forward to some more intimacy with her. You're crazy. - You feel okay? - Yeah. I feel good. I'm really sad everything is coming to an end, and I have a hard conversation that I'm gonna have to have with John. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That was like the perfect night. I didn't expect to be tempted at all, and I gave in. But I haven't stopped thinking about Nicole and just hope we can work things out. I love the person I'm with, but I'm not deeply in love, and I want that. Tyler has really opened up my mind to what a real relationship could be. You're not gonna tempt me. - Hey, guys. I'm here to tell you that ladies, unfortunately... this is goodbye. What? Your time on the island has ended, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I want you to keep in mind that depending on what these gentlemen decide at their final bonfire, for some of you, this could be goodbye forever. This does not feel right to me. This isn't what I expected. This isn't what I wanted. I'll give you a moment to say your goodbyes, and then you can gather your things, and it'll be time to leave the villa. I don't know how to explain what I'm feeling right now, but it's not good. - This has been amazing. It's changed my entire life. It's changed what... what I want, what I thought I wanted and everything... Everything, okay? Okay. Oh, my gosh. Now I'm extra, extra nervous. - Baby, hey, hey. He just said bonfire, so I should be able to handle that, and that's what you wanted, right? I gotta handle what I gotta handle. Do you have faith in me? Yeah... I'm telling myself that I feel confident, that he wants to be with me, but seeing Kaci in person I feel will make him crumble because he feels guilty for hurting her. I have no idea where your head's at. - Yeah. - What are you thinking? - I don't know. - Just, it's like, I know it's gonna be tough 'cause I do love Kady. Like, it's like I still wanna just get things resolved. I wanna hear Kady's side of the story, 'cause I literally haven't talked to... Yeah. - I want John. Like, I wanna be around him. I mean, at this point, like, if I could just have more days with him. Mm-hmm. I'm afraid that he's gonna go with what's comfortable and is easy, and he's not going to have enough confidence to go after someone that he deserves. You all right? Mm-hmm. Sorry. I didn't mean to make you cry. You literally helped me in this whole experience become the better man. You know, and I'm thankful for you. - You are, Javen. - I'm glad I met you, too. You're genuinely, like, my first, like, female friend, for, you know... - Aw. But I'm so proud of you and just your openness throughout this whole process and your faithfulness and your respect that you have for your relationship. Shari has a good man, and she is lucky, and you... - I held it down. - Yeah, you showed me that there are good men out there. I mean... - I set the bar too high. Yeah, I mean, it's quite high. It's a bit bittersweet to say goodbye to Kayla. She's one of my good friends. We developed a relationship, a connection in this house, so me saying bye to her right now is pretty hard, but at the end of the day, you know, I'm ready to see my baby girl. And this experience has shown me that I'm more than capable and ready to be devoted to one woman for the rest of my life. - Ah. What a ride. - Oh, what a ride. Right? And I made a great friend. - I made a good friend, too. - Javen! - Kayla-Kay. - This has been amazing. Like, you're an amazing person. You're a beautiful person. I've never met a match that, you know, met me intellectually. Obviously, I care for you. I care for your feelings. I know... that you feel vulnerable, and it's just wild that we ended up connecting like this. But I've always told you, since this has started that, you know, I'm gonna have to go home. I'm gonna have to have conversations. I hope you have a great life, whether I see you again. I hope you have an amazing life whether I see you again or not. I'm sure I will. I don't know what that's gonna look like, but I'm sure I'll see you again. I had an amazing time with Brittney, but I still love Nicole, and I'm not ready to give up on our relationship just yet. Regardless of what has gone on, I know that Nicole and I still have to talk. Do you think this is a goodbye? - I don't know. It might be a "see you later." I-I don't know. Do you have any last words? Because... No, it's tripping me up a lot. Everything you're saying just feels really distant all of a sudden. You said, "I hope you have a great life no matter what happens." - No matter what. Put yourself in my shoes. I'm sure you have numerous times but this is not... - Of course I have. This just feels really weird and different to me right now. Because there's applied pressure, that's why. I gotta go back to Chicago and say, "Hey, are we done or are we moving forward? What are we doing?" And even if we move forward, it's gonna hurt like... hell. I mentioned the whole relationship. So imagine if you were... - You're right. So go back and stay in your... Shitty relationship, and I'll go home and I'll figure out how to get over it. I've been with her for two and a half years. I'm not closing the door. There's no way I'm doing that. - Gotcha. - Not yet, and I... Complete truth comes out then. Oh, I've already shared that with you. - Not like that. - You knew it was coming. You called it. - Not like this. I didn't know this was coming based on the way it felt. He was saying this whole time that he had never felt so connected to someone else before in his life. I thought it was something real, but feel like I was tricked in some way. I'm glad that I was able to help you strengthen your relationship. I just hope you didn't use me for that. - Use you? No. Don't start... - No, that's just what it feels like, and I wanna say that to you... Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen... before I can't say anything to you 'cause it feels... this conversation feels really weird. Stop. There's no way in hell I could forget about you. You're a blessing. - Stop it. I didn't expect to open up and to connect to someone in this level, but if it was false, it was false, and I'll learn from it. - I'm sorry, ladies. Unfortunately, it's time to go. This is crazy. This is over. I feel like it just happened yesterday. - Bye, guys. - Bye. - Bye, John. - Bye, Kayla. I'll see you soon. - It's been a crazy journey, but I've really connected with the girls in the house. I see them as, like, true friends after this whole experience. - Double hug. - Bye, guys. - Oh, my God. I'm gonna throw up. - Thank you, ladies. - Goddamn, man. - Guys, come with me. - That's abrupt. Let's take a minute. I just have so many questions that are unanswered at this point. Ultimately, I'm just... I'm just anxious to hear what Kady has to say, like her side of the story. That was not easy, was it? - Nah. - No. There's a reason why we say goodbye to the girls you have connected with here in the villa because it's impossible to get your head entirely clear when people that you have feelings for are around. - Right. - However, next time I see you guys is gonna be at your final bonfire, where you'll be reunited with the person you came to the island with. I need you to really think about what you're gonna say to your partner and also what you want your future to look like when you leave the island. Take the night to reflect on what you're gonna say, and I'll see you at bonfire. I have a very, very difficult conversation to have with Kaci. It's gonna be the hardest thing I think I've ever done in my life, but I know exactly what needs to be said. - Back home. - We're home, yes. - Finally. - So tell me about you guys. What'd you guys do? - Drank some wine. Then we hit the hot tub. - Yeah, and then we did... - Then watched the sunset. - Oh, pretty. And I got you guys all flowers. - Aw! - Oh, yeah, he did that. - You're so cute! - You guys all blossomed and grew from this experience. Aw! Oh, my gosh. How cute! And these are, like, perfect, too. Yeah, they're literally awesome. I love them. - Oh, my gosh. - And obviously, the best for last. - Oh, thanks. Justin has a genuine heart, and I didn't really wanna give anyone a chance with connecting, and now that I have, I just feel like we've built, like, such a strong bond. Cheers to making new friends, and I will always remember all of the connections I made here. - Cheers, all. - Cheers. Cheers. I love you all. - Hi, guys. - Hello. - Oh, no. - Wow. Sorry to drop in on you unannounced, and unfortunately, I'm here to tell you that, gentlemen... your journey is up. It's time to leave the villa. So I'm gonna give you a chance to say your goodbyes, but I wanna remind you that, um, for some of you, that could be goodbye forever, depending on how things shape out in the final bonfire, so, um, I'll give you some time to say your goodbyes, and I'll come back in a few minutes and let you know when it's time to actually exit the villa, okay? All right, well, that sucks. It's just such a tough time, um, all of us connected with each other so much, and we care about each other, so it's tough. Um, I just wanna tell you you're an amazing chick. - Thank you. - And, um... you've been doing really well and, uh, you're in a really good head space. - Thank you. - And I want you to stay confident. - I'm scared. - And be strong. - I will be strong, I promise. And I'll be there for you always. - Thank you. - So.. - You're a good one. - I'm not bad. - You're not bad. - I'm all right. It's definitely an emotional goodbye. Like, we're all kinda fighting back tears, and Val has really helped me through this process. He's an amazing guy, and he'll always be close to me and a friend. To you. - Thank you. - Okay. Mm-hmm. Now come and bring it in here for a minute. - Okay. Thank you for everything. - You, too. Thank you for, you know... I'm glad we spent the last, like, day together. Me, too. - It was really fun. - Same. I feel like we just started to understand each other, and, like, learn about each other, and build, like, a good connection. I'm sad to... just to leave, but you know how I feel. I'm here to be your friend through everything. Yeah, I appreciate that. I love Javen, but I could maybe see myself with Justin. Personality-wise, like, Justin and me are a little... Are more alike, I feel. I definitely feel like I was meant to be here and go through this because otherwise my life would have just been, like, in a stagnant place. Yeah, exactly. I don't want it to end. Me, too. I'm definitely gonna miss you. You know that, but, um, I do think that we will see each other again. - Yeah. It's just a blessing that we met. I didn't think meeting one person could, like, change this much inside of me, like, give me a whole new perspective, so you did well. I really appreciate Tyler in my life. He's helped me realize a lot of different things, and I feel like we've opened up emotionally and physically. Hopefully, Tyler and I can stay in touch and build a deeper connection and a deeper friendship, and who knows what that could lead to one day? There was no one else in the house that I felt like I could open to as much as I've opened up to you, so it's sad that all of us have to say goodbye, but I feel like I've learned so much. - Right. - I'm not gonna forget. Um... I'm not really ready to go. I know. I'm not ready either. But, you know, I'm so grateful that I met you here, and... you've changed my life for the better. I care about Johnny a lot. We got really close, and I just know that, like, things will never be like it is, how it is here. You know, you need to deal with your situation. - Yeah. - And if you come out of this and you still wanna be in that situation, I won't hold that against you. We're about to be entering into real life, and things aren't easy there. I'm just not ready to say goodbye to you. - I know. Yeah, it's gonna be hard. I pray every day to meet somebody like Kady, and this is the last possible place I would expect to look for her and find her, but I opened up my mind and my heart to a wonderful person and a wonderful human being. She's got a lot of heavy stuff on her plate right now, but I think once the dust clears, uh, her and I will be able to reconnect. Bye, guys. - Bye. - Bye. I'll miss you guys. - It's been a pleasure. - Thank you, sir. - Thank you, Johnny. Good night. This experience has been a lot more real than I ever intended it to be or expected it to be. I never thought that I would come here and actually develop feelings for somebody. - God. - Bye, girls. - Bye. Love you. - Bye! I love you guys. - Kady, don't cry. - The possibility of a closed chapter, um, just, you know, entering into the unknown is always scary. I hated breaking up that vibe that was in here. I'm sorry about that, but it was time. And I wanted to chat with you for a moment so that you can be prepared for what's coming. Okay? The next time I see you will be at your final bonfire, and that's where you're going to see the person you came to this island with. This is a time that it's really important for you to reflect on your entire experience and face the ultimate question and that answer, which is are you with the partner you should be with? I want you to spend the time really composing what it is you will need to say. - So, like, write it out? Half of me is just, like, done and wants to go home and get Evan out of my apartment and just start over. - Good night, you guys. - Bye. - Thank you. - Thank you. But then this is someone that I thought is, like, my best friend, love of my life. How do you walk away from that? I've... I literally grew up with him. - Yep. - And I can't just be like... You know, my world is gonna be rocked. - Rocked. - No matter which way. - Yeah. - Like, it's gonna be rocked. You know, like, I have to go home to him, so it's like, yeah, no, you're... I don't know what our future holds. It's not looking good. But we have some major, major shit to talk about, and we have to figure our life out whether it's together or very much apart. This is the hardest thing I've had to deal with. We came here hoping that this experience would make us stronger. Standing in front of you are 24 single men and women, all here for one reason. That's to find love. I came in here strong, and I thought Nicole and I, we'd go home stronger. I didn't expect to be tempted at all. You know, I thought it was gonna be smooth sailing for me and that I had nothing to worry about. When I look at you, I feel, like, really silly, and I smile and kinda giddy and... - Yeah. - Vulnerable, I guess. Brittney literally came out of nowhere. Sweet dreams. I almost wanna let you do what you said, but... I kept Nicole on my mind this entire time, but where my weakness came was when I saw Nicole get in bed with someone else. That's where I became weak and let my guard down and let loose a little bit. You troublemaker. Brittney kinda just captured my mind, and we slept together. I don't feel proud of it, but I know that I have to have a conversation with Nicole. Being honest and truthful with each other about our whole experience... That's the true test. I still love her, but whether we leave this island together, I don't know. I came to this island because I wanted answers to my relationship. - Hi, Karl. Welcome. Glad to have you here. - Nicole. - Nicole. - Nice to meet you. - How you feeling? - I'm nervous. - Good! In the beginning of this journey, I felt like I was very timid, and Karl didn't have a lot of faith in my loyalty coming into this situation. My boyfriend's worried that I'm gonna do something because I'm younger than him and he doesn't, I feel like, have trust in me. I didn't like having to come here to prove myself to someone. I didn't feel like I needed to do that. But even if things might get rough on this island, once it's all over, I just hope that you're smiling. - Aw! Since I've been here, I have really just let my guard down, and, like, opened up to these guys, and it's really allowed me to be vulnerable. If you're not being true to the way you deserve to be treated, don't make excuses for the reason you're not being true to those ways. Tyler has really opened up my mind to what a real relationship could be. We've made an emotional connection that is deeper than I thought it could be. I have realized what is going to make me happy in life, and it's ultimately up to me to allow the next decision, whether that's continuing in my relationship or continuing a different route. Kady and I came into this experience expecting to really test our loyalty to each other. We were looking at rings before we came onto "Temptation Island." - Love you. - Be closer after all this. That's right. And so from the very beginning, I had walls up. You're still definitely my biggest attraction for sure. But the only way you would have something with me is if she messed up? I wanted to show my loyalty to Kady, which I proved up until the fourth bonfire video, and she's in bed with another man. Hmm. That really hurt. That's when I had to make that decision... Am I gonna just grieve and be miserable the rest of this experience? Obviously, I'm attracted to you. What is it, after every storm, there's a rainbow? Or am I gonna open up myself to getting to know Katheryn and on an emotional and physical level? Tonight I see Kady for our final bonfire. I'm ready to hear her side of the story. I really don't know if this is gonna be the end of Kady and I's relationship. It's gonna be really hard to recover from this, but I'm just looking forward to closure. There's no doubt in my mind that coming to "Temptation Island" was the right move for John and I's relationship. - Hi. How are you? I'm Kady. - Hi, Kady. And I've come into this experience with an open heart and open mind. We have one life to live. I don't wanna waste it on the wrong person, and you don't either. You know, if we were meant to be, then it'll drive me closer to him and drive us closer together. I just don't wanna hurt anybody. - I understand that. Like, do you know how badly I wanna kiss you? And I might leave here regretting not trying. I've allowed the process to take over and do what it was supposed to do. Yes! Good job! - Yeah! Johnny possesses the leadership quality about him that John doesn't. Johnny makes me feel really special. I feel like I pray for someone like you every day. That doesn't mean I don't love John. I'm really feeling guilty and bad and sad. Like, John started crying in his video. I feel really... guilty and I feel really selfish. I feel like I let him down. I feel like I let myself down. When I see John, it is going to be extremely emotional and difficult. Going into this bonfire, I feel like my mind is pretty made up. I just feel deep inside that I'm not supposed to be with Karl. I think it's going to be difficult to say that to him, but it's what should happen and it's what my gut is telling me. I haven't seen Nicole in I don't know how long. I've seen a lot of things that have hurt me and upset me, but I'm sure Nicole has seen some things that she didn't necessarily like that I did either. Despite of everything that's happened, I still love her. I just need to know if she still loves me, too. Hey, Karl. How you doing, bud? You're okay? - Yeah. - Last time I saw you, I told you to really reflect and get your thoughts together. Were you able to do that? - Definitely. - Are you a little nervous? Uh, little bit. Ready to just have a conversation with her. Okay, I'll bring her in right now. - Hi, Nicole. - Hi. - All right, guys. This is it. This is your final bonfire, and this is a chance for one of you to speak and have the other one listen, and then we'll talk about what you've decided. Karl, I'm gonna let you speak first. The floor's yours. Hello. Um... This has been a crazy experience for both of us, I'm sure. Um... we both came into this hoping that this would make us stronger and give us some clarity on just what we're doing and where we're going. A major thing that we were trying to work on is trust, and I hope that I can trust you more. During the bonfire, I saw you getting into bed with somebody else and being intimate with them and seeing them the way I touch you... It hurt me a lot, and after seeing that, I thought it was only right for me to open up at that point. Um, then I did make a connection with Brittney, and then it went too far. I... broke our rules that we discussed. I'm sorry for that. I don't know what it's gonna look like going forward with you. Um... I hope that we can figure something out, but I'm not sure what that's gonna look like. Nicole, I know it's tough to just listen and not speak. There's a reason we do it this way. Now it's your time to speak and be heard. Karl, all you can do is listen. You ready, Nicole? I was very confused at why we came here, and I really did wanna prove my loyalty to you because I know that that's an aspect that you questioned in our relationship. I was definitely very confused in the beginning, but at that point, I realized that all the couples were here for a reason. So I really wanted to figure out what our purpose was. I finally was able to start reflecting on our relationship, and by being here and being away from you for this amount of time, it really allowed me to, like, open up my heart, and it just showed me that I had a wall up, and I wasn't allowing myself to dig deep and really allow myself to be affectionate, and I feel as though our love is very surface-level, and I feel like we haven't been able to build a deep, passionate connection with one another, and I feel as though that's because we're pushing some of our issues under the rug. If we choose to move forward together, we would have to be really strong and wanna learn and grow for both of us to be happy. Thank you, Nicole. I saw you both listening intently, hearing with new ears to a voice you may not have heard before. So, Karl, now it's time to make a decision to stay together with Nicole, to leave this island alone, or is it to leave this island with someone else? You can tell Nicole. Regardless of the clips I've seen, I still think that there's something there. Um... and I'm standing here and I'm saying yes, I still choose you. Nicole, you hear Karl's decision that he wants to stay with you and work this out. Now is your chance to answer the same question. Do you wanna stay with Karl, or will you be leaving the island alone, or will you leave the island with someone else that you've connected with? This is for you to tell Karl. - Yeah. Nicole, you hear Karl's decision. Now is your chance to answer the same question. Do you wanna stay with Karl, or will you be leaving the island alone, or will you leave the island with someone else that you've connected with? It's for you to tell Karl. I wanna go home together and figure it out. So you've decided you and Karl will stay together as a couple. Yeah, I... I do wanna go home and figure it out. Okay. Nothing would make me happier than to send you guys home knowing that you guys have learned things about each other and have made room for each other to grow together. Your words both say you wanna be together, but you haven't seen each other for a month. You didn't even shake hands. What's going on? What's really going on here? I mean, you wanna stay together, I want you to stay together. What's... What's the awkward thing here? - Yeah, I'll speak. I mean, first off, I think it's weird that we haven't seen each other. I feel your body energy is a little off. A lot of stuff has gone on, and it has been a long time, but... so what have I done that doesn't bring depth to our relationship? This is two and a half years. You gotta... You gotta gain depth. You gotta gain trust, respect, loyalty, all those things. That's... That's called a foundation before you can get those things. That's depth. So that's where I'm at. I'm trying to figure that part out. I feel like when I say I want to apply what I've learned here to every relationship in my life, I'm, like, speaking in terms of my significant other, whether it's you or whoever I marry one day, like, I just wanna bring a new level of depth of me, and I think I was holding myself back at home. I think I had a wall up. I felt too nervous and scared to be vulnerable with you... because I felt like I was going to be judged, and being here has, like, shown me that it's okay to be social and outgoing and be connecting with male... Like, men, and I just feel like I was scared back home 'cause you don't have trust in me. You feel like I'm not loyal, and it creates this weight on my shoulders, and I'm nervous because of the way that you'll react. I feel like as you should have a weight on your shoulder. I feel any woman should know, "Hey, you know, my guy's in the room." I want respect not for my woman to float around a bar and seem as if she's single. You know, it sounds like what do you really want? Do you wanna be back out here single? You want a boyfriend that cares about you? No, I wanna be in a relationship where I'm building a deep connection with somebody. - If this isn't deep, then I... I don't know what to tell you. I don't at all. I-I left my job. I left my family, moved with you... for your career, don't get me wrong. And I didn't want you to not do that. What... How deep is it? How deep do you want it? I don't understand. - So the loyalty and trust thing has been from the beginning. - Exactly, so let's fix that. Let's not... But I feel like I've been having to try to prove myself for so long, and yes, we've been on this island and crazy shit has happened, but we've been in a scenario that would never be real in the real world. Which brings me back to one of the clips. You're bawling your eyes out, and a guy's telling you, "How long do you have to prove yourself?" And here we are, the next clip I have to see is you in bed with the same guy. You know that that's the last thing I need to see for how I already feel. But regardless of what happened, I can still say that I love you. If you don't feel that way, then we'll figure that out. Just talk to me. I apologize that I couldn't be straightforward the first time around. I just feel like I've developed so much strength since I've been here, and I've been mentally preparing for time on my own. - Mm-hmm. - And I feel like I wanna learn and grow and develop in myself, and I know you understand that, and I don't know if I would be able to do it at the same capability if we were in a relationship. So... you've come to the decision that you'd like to leave the island alone? Yes. Okay. Karl? Well, I have no choice but to leave the island alone. At this point, I understand where you're coming from. It's hurtful, but know that I understand, and we both decided to come here and, you know, gain something from this, and if this is for the better, then I want nothing more for you to explore yourself and figure out what it is you need to figure out. I hope you get what you need. Truly. - Thank you. Okay, you guys. Nicole... your journey is over. You can head on off the island. Do I still hug him? Of course you can. Of course you can. It's all right. I appreciate what you said to her, and I agree with you. It's better now than later. Watching Nicole walk away, it's painful. Nicole and I constantly talk about growth and building each other up in our relationship, so if this is what she needs to take this time to herself, then that's what she should do. - So no regrets? - No regrets. I just walked away from somebody that loves me. A lot of people here have made me realize that I'm a strong woman... and everything's gonna be okay. I just... didn't think it would be hard... to, uh... break someone's heart that said they still loved me. I am pretty upset and angry with Kady. I've seen Kady's true colors come out. I'm ready to confront her and defend myself as a man and being a good father and ask her why she decided to let a man get in her bed. I'm really nervous to see John. I just... I love John so much. I know that, um, I have hurt him throughout this experience, and just having to face him face to face for the first time is just gonna crush me. - Hi, Kady. - Hi. - You ready? - Ready as I'm gonna be. Welcome to your final bonfire. And how are you feeling right now? Um, I'm feeling really nervous and also, a little, honestly, like, kind of excited to see him, let him know kind of where my head's at and what I've discovered. - Okay, I'm gonna call him in. - Ahh. And you guys will have a chance to speak to one another. - Are you ready? - Yeah. Okay, let's bring John in right now. - Okay. - Oh, my God. - Hey, John. - Hey, Mark. - How are you, buddy? - Good. How are you doing? Okay. Right there. - Hi, Binky. - Hi. - Hi, guys. - Both: Hey. This is your final bonfire, a chance for you to share your experience, what you've learned about yourself, what you've learned in general, and how you're feeling. Let me be very clear. Each of you will get a chance to speak without being interrupted. The other will listen. After both of you have had a chance to speak, then I will ask you what you've concluded. - Okay. - So now, Kady, I'm gonna let you speak first. And it's your chance to share what your experience has been, what you've learned about yourself and how you're feeling now. - You ready? - Yes. - Okay. Your chance to listen, John. - So, um... - first of all, it's really good to see you. I've missed you a lot. Um... and... you know, you're my best friend, and, uh, we came into this really strong. I have taken this time apart to really kind of self-reflect and dig deep. I've just realized that, you know, like, you're such an amazing man. I was always trying to change you, and you're perfect just the way you are. Obviously, our lives are so, like, intertwined and intermingled and I love our life together, but I think that this experience has been a necessary evil. You know, it's been something that was really good, and I don't necessarily regret it, and I think that everything happens for a reason. Okay. John, the floor will be yours. So, um... honestly, this has been the toughest thing I've ever gone through, and, um... I felt like we were so close coming into this... - Mm-hmm. - And, um... one of the first bonfire videos I saw was... Was you questioning about me being a man and a father, and you've said that to me before, but that's something I really thought about. You know, I know I got issues. But as far as being a good man, I've loved, protected, and supported you through a lot. And, um, as far as being a good father, you've seen how I interact with my nieces... And, uh... and... how I am around your friends' babies. And then moving forward, my mission was to show you that I was a loyal guy... And I was up until I saw you get in bed with... I think his name's Johnny. And that destroyed me. It was embarrassing to... to see that. Then the next day, I was the only guy that didn't get a video message, and that just destroyed me even more, and I didn't know what to do, and I was in a tough spot. I told myself I can either just have this aching heart, or I could open up and get a connection with Katheryn. You know, Katheryn was after me from day one, and it took me a while, and then finally when all that happened, I just opened up and I had a physical and emotional connection with her. You know, we looked at wedding... wedding rings, and we talked about marriage. And we've taken a huge step back, obviously, and I do love you, but I want a woman that's gonna build me up, not tear me down. Um, and that's kinda what I've been taking from you since we first started dating, and, uh, that's basically all I have to say. All right, John. Thank you. Um, I think that you are an amazing, amazing man. Um, you're so sweet and you're so kind, and you're so funny, but for me, I just can't... see myself, you know, um... having children with you, and it's not that you're not great with children. It's just the type of man that I want for my household and the type of man that I want to lead my children. I don't feel like, um... Like, uh... Um... You know, sometimes I-I feel like that I have to, like, kinda baby you a little. I kinda have to mother you a little. And I feel like I have to kinda maybe pull ambition out of you a little. Um... you make me not wanna have kids. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 