Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e5 - Rules Are Made to Be Broken - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Rules Are Made to Be Broken - full transcript 
 After a couple of dates, couples consider whether the grass might be greener on the other side. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... If I'm gonna go on a date, I would obviously prefer to be with you. I don't know if I can really open up all the way in this type of scenario. Wynn, I need a man who's stronger. I think it was tough on Kady at the beginning, but now I think she's settled in, comfortable, and you may even see some intimacy going on, honestly. Honestly, I don't think I was really fully mentally prepared for what I've... I got myself into. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Like, I only have eyes for you right now. Like, it's bottom line. It's like torture. - You're strong. - You got this. You're not gonna tempt me. Captioned by Los Angeles Distribution and Broadcasting, Inc. - Kaci, you're not going last. You're next. Let's do this. Okay, here we go. Like, I only have eyes for yo right now. Like, it's bottom line. - So you're in it? - I think I'm in it. - You're in it? - Mm-hmm. It's like torture. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You're strong. - You got this. I'm literally being tortured. I feel numb. Like, all I wanna do is just love him in whatever capacity that is. I don't need a title or any of that shit. I just want, like, our traditions, our memories, and I'm just hoping he's not just, like, forgetting all of that in, like, a few... in a few weeks. It's just, like, I'm so in love with him, and, like, how... I don't know if he's in love with me. I just wanna remind you that so much can happen from this point forward. Okay? Nicole, are you ready? - Yeah. - Earbuds or together? - Together, please. - Together. All right. Here we go. That's beautiful! What'd you see and what are you feeling? Um... Karl is a singer. - Okay. - So I knew that singing was something he was going to do. - Does he sing to you at home? - Yeah. Him singing to her... Does that bring up anything for you? Honestly, I feel like it doesn't bother me as much, and I can't explain why. Is it not great if I am feeling this way? That says something. Karl and I didn't start right off the bat, like, "I'm so in love. I wanna date you," fireworks, and I haven't felt fireworks before in my life, and I don't expect to before I die. I think that maybe brings out a little bit of the cold-heartedness in me. But it makes me sad to think you'd go through your whole life without letting yourself have butterflies, and it's truly letting yourself, 'cause they're there. Might have to take something to kind of ignite that. I think you're absolutely right. Kady, you ready? - I am. I think. - Girls watching? - Yeah, of course. - Here we go. Okay. Here we go. And may the licking begin. - All right. - Whoa! I need some milk. Oh! What was that? It's funny, 'cause I was watching that, and I was thinking, oh, he looks so cute and I miss him, but... I mean, yeah, it sucks. I don't like it. I feel a little dagger. - Maybe there's somebody here that can ease that pain a little bit? - Um, I mean, there's... There's a few of them. I'm starting to get to know all the guys, actually, and feeling closer to them, so, yeah. - Okay. There's more to experience. Keep it open there's a possibility of happiness on the other end of this. Shari? - Yep. - Gonna watch with the girls? - Yes. All right, ladies, here we go. - You kinda scare me sometimes. I don't know. - Me? - You do have, like, this sexual energy. - 'Cause I'm an Aquarius, huh? - I don't know what it is. - Don't be scared. Be sacred. I'm trying. I have to go through my phases before I can be able to, you know... I respect that, and I look forward to the unfolding. It's just... it's hard to hear someone say the same things that they say to you. I don't feel connected with him anymore. It's like I don't know who he is right now. I'm starting to regret coming here and doing this, but at the same time, I need to. I can't make this any easier for you, except to remind all of you that there's two possible endings... One is it makes you as a couple stronger, or it makes you as an individual stronger. None of it is going to make you weaker. That is all I've got for you tonight. You can head back to the villa. I'll see you soon. It makes me feel really bad... that Javen is saying things to another girl that he normally says to me. I just feel like his experience is going a lot different compared to mine, and I'm trying my best, but at this point, I don't really know anymore about me and Javen's future. This bonfire, though, was definitely something else. - What'd y'all think? - What she said... She feels like she didn't know what she was signing up for... It's just, uh, it's just a bummer just to hear that. I just try to think about all these future bonfires we gotta go to, and how it's gonna affect how I experience this whole thing. I feel like that's my big, you know, thing that's gonna basically make me maybe open up. Like, I'm gonna hate to see my girl cheating on me, you know? But if she does, it's like, I kinda feel like it's gonna be fair game, you know? You think that... You think that if she kisses somebody, that she's cheating, bro? I would think that was cheating for sure. If I see that she cheats on me, I might completely go savage. - Hey. - What up, though? - You look sad. - Oh! Tonight's bonfire was hard. It's really hard for me to see the girls, um, crying. It's really hard for me to see them hurting. It seems like the guys are having a really good time. Too good of a time, obviously. - So what happened? If you don't mind. I don't even understand. I've never even heard of such a thing, but he was licking peanut butter off this girl's chest. - Oh, sh... - Like, a really busty girl. And he had his hands tied. They tied his hands behind his back. My biggest connection is with Kady. She went on a date with Carlos. Can't lie. I was a little jealous. I heard you talking about milking some titties or something. I'm not trying to worry about what he's doing. I'm here because I have questions of my own. Who knew? Kady is very much here to be tempted, and I'm pretty sure she already is. - Hey. - And I respect that. That's awesome. As far as I know, that's part of the experience for them, so I like that. - Good night, you guys. Good night. - You going to bed? - Yeah, I am. Back home with Evan, I'd just, like, stay up all night. But this experience has, like, absolutely, like, taken the life out of me. I just get exhausted. Like, I'm mentally, emotionally exhausted. Like, my mind is, like, in overdrive. This really is, like, my life. Like, it's not just a game and, like, I wanna go be single. Like... my whole life could change, and it's really scary. - Good morning, ladies. How are you? - Good morning. - Gentlemen. All right. You guys are about halfway through the process, and at this point, we're past the superficial, getting-to-know-you first impression stuff, and it's all about making connections. So, gentlemen, you're going to pick the dates. However, we're gonna add you guys into that decision process 'cause that's the only way that we can make sure that you're finding connections, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ask the ladies who they'd prefer to go on dates with. - Oh, wow. And based on who they respond to, that's who you get to choose from to select a date. Mark throws us a curveball. Kinda nerve-racking, you know? Like, part of my ego's kind of feeling a little bit questioned, and I was a little... You know, you had kind of the concern, what if no one raises their hand? - So we'll start with Javen. Ladies? Who would like to go on a date with Javen today? Hannah, Kayla, and Tara. Of these three ladies, who gets to go on a date with you? I'm gonna try something different this time. And I might try to take Hannah on a date. Aw. There's just something about Javen. He's so sweet. I think that the one thing that keeps girls from being more infatuated with him is the fact that he is so committed to his girlfriend, which is a bit of a hindrance. - Karl, you're next. Who would like to go on a date with Karl today? Oh, my. - Wow! It's tough. - Brittney. Okay. - I'm so excited. Brittney's a very good-looking girl. She floats around the house and just kind of just gives those looks. I don't know if they're just to me or to everybody, but I am open to getting to know Brittney more. Evan? Raise your hand if you'd like to go out with Evan. So we've got Lindsay, Morgan... shocker, and Jeffri. - Come here, girl. - Yes. Okay. So who wants to go on a date with John? So Katheryn, Lindsay, and Sheldyn. Although I wanna remind you that while Katheryn's hand is up and would love to go on a date with you, she is a block for you and you alone. So, um, now you get to make your choice of who you'd like to date. - Lindsay. - Yay! - All right. Our new girl, Lindsay, is going on a date. Terrific. - Yay! - You guys can head on out. We're ready. - All right. Sounds good. - Thanks for asking me. - Yeah, of course. - I wanna get out of this house and I wanna get out of it with John. It just really sucks for me. I want to rip this damn necklace off. This is a curse! - Good morning, gentlemen. - Good morning, Mark. - How you feeling today? - Pretty good. Looking good. Ladies, how are we feeling this morning? Good. Yeah? You feeling a little better, Kaci? Yeah, I'm feeling a little better. - Very good. I'm glad to hear that. - Thank you. - Well, it is time for another date, which means another date selection. So, gentlemen, who would like to go on a date with Kaci today? - This is so awkward. - Oh, my. - Oh, wow. - I'm definitely flattered that all these guys raised their hands for me. I'm kind of blown away, and it feels amazing. Um... Jack. - Jack. - Ah. I wish Evan could see that right now, and I just wish... I don't wanna cry, but I wish he could see, like, the girl I am with these guys. Kady is next. Raise your hand if you're hoping for a date with Kady. Of those guys, go over there and invite somebody on a date. Johnny. Johnny! - There you go. - I could see it written all over Wynn's face when I didn't pick him. I could tell he was really hurt. Things are getting real. I definitely don't wanna hurt Wynn's feelings, but at the same time, Johnny is somebody that I'm genuinely looking forward to spending more time with. Next up is Shari. I think I'm gonna get the date with Shari. I took the time to pull her off to the side several times and have conversations with her, and I said, "I want that next date." Who wants to go on a date with Shari? All right. - Aw. Um, I feel like I'll take James. - Okay, James. Have fun. - Thank you, man. - All right. This was a surprise for you, who responded to you and who didn't? - Um, I mean, not really. I'm pretty reserved, so I feel like a lot of the guys are intimidated by me. - Intimidated by you? - Yeah. - No. - All right. I understand if you don't feel any of us. Then that's cool, but why are you here still? You're stuck. You're stuck in your own little bubble. Bubble. - Nicole. - Yeah. - It's up to you now. - Okay. Who wants to go out with Nicole? So we've got Val, John, and Tyler. Tyler. Okay. I was definitely expecting to be picked for a date. I didn't get picked by Kady. Kady's the only person that I have a romantic connection with. I mean, it sucks. - Have fun on your dates. You guys can head on out. Have a great date. I'll check with you later. - This is bullshit! - Hey, that's bullshit. You laughing at that bullshit. That's bullshit. - It's... ing nonsense. He's been reacting. You saw. I know that some guys were salty that they didn't get picked, but at the end of the day, it's like, there's four girls, and these four girls might not be attracted to you. And you either sink or swim. Uh-oh. My man is mad. Bullshit! Brrr! - You ready for this? - Yeah. Let's see what happens. - I'm scared. - Really? I'm, like, genuinely super stoked to go on this date with Karl. I think Karl's awesome. I feel his vibe, so, like, hopefully, he feels it, too. Whoa! Whoo! - Aah! - Whoo-hoo! Whoo! Aah! A little bit tired of talking about all the serious stuff that's happened in my life, so I'm ready to just kinda let loose and just kinda have more of a casual date with Lindsay this time. I'm wet. Aah! - Hannah's awesome. She has a nice personality. She makes me feel comfortable, so I wanted to try something different this time, and that's why I chose her. She's a cool girl. Remember when we were first in the house the first time, you were like, "Don't touch me at all," and I, like, barely touched your arm, and you were like... - Yeah. - Like, as if I had the freaking plague or something. What was that all about? I'm kind of more reserved when it comes to things like that. I just... I'm used to touching only one girl for a long time, and so... - Not even to, like, protect me from skin cancer in the sun? - I can do that. - Okay. I can give you some... I think this is pretty okay to do. - Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. Hannah and my date is a lot more intimate than any date I've been on. It's up close and personal. I stepped out of my comfort zone and I actually applied some suntan lotion to Hannah's shoulders. That was pretty big for me. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - We're like, what's happening? Like, this is a lot. - See? You are warming up. See, that wasn't so bad. - No, it wasn't so bad. - I'm not gonna, like, jump your bones. - I know. I mean, you're cute, but, like, come on now. - I understand. - I'm a... I'm a lady. I understand. All right. - Is this a grapefruit? - It is a grapefruit. - I've actually never eaten one. - Shut up. - I swear. - Oh, my goodness. I've been deprived of a lot of things. It's just... It's just... Hard. It's weird... It's weird wanting you... wanting you. You were the reason why I came to "Temptation Island." It's just... You gotta... You gotta dive in, too. - Promise. - Okay. All right. Do you wanna get wet? - Yeah. Let's go. It definitely feels like Evan is my boyfriend. Everything's, like, great right now. I can't even think of another word but "great." Like, I'm happy. Ah! The chemistry between Morgan and I, it's to the point of, like, scaring the shit out of me. It's just insane. I knew you were trouble. I knew it. Golly! - Luau time. - We're here for the luau. - Aloha! - Aloha! How we doing? I've never been to a luau before. This is an amazing experience. I mean, this is what I expected to do when I came to the island. That, and tempting women, obviously. - Oh, my gosh. And drinks. Thank you. I've been wanting to spend time with Jack. He's a really smart guy. He's sweet. He wears his heart on his sleeve. I'm ready to have, like, a good date with him. - Aloha, friends. How's it going? 'Ulu maika is our version of lawn bowling. You wanna roll it underhand and try and get it in between the two sticks. - This is gonna be easy. Game on. Oh, my gosh. You're so close. This is going in for sure. Aah! Good job. Johnny possesses a leadership quality about him that John doesn't. I feel like he's good at everything, and that's what I like in a guy. They're like the dynamic duo over there. - Game over. Here we go. - Uh, uh, hip bump. I like to take initiative and kind of be the ringleader, and I feel like that's how Johnny is, too. He's like a winner. Mm, perfect. Dang, you got some forceful hips there. - Yeah. - Damn. Damn, girl. - Are you glad that we did this? - I'm so happy that we did that together. - Yes. That was so much fun. Did you think I'd pick you for this or... - For the date? - I mean, were you surprised? Like, when I look at you, I feel, like, really silly and, like, smile and kinda giddy and... - Yeah. Vulnerable, I guess. I think you're beautiful, honestly. Um... I'd say you are... best-looking in the house. Definitely some "magnetictism" between Karl and I. It's crazy. I'm trying to figure it out. Maybe we should go on another date, just to see how that feels. All right, should we go in the ocean and swim far, far away? Let's go. - Hey, hey. You gotta stop all that. - Hey. - That was a nice day. - She is so annoying. - She looks like a wet poodle. - What up? - Hi! - How's it going? Y'all doing all right? - Yes. - Yeah. I'm annoyed. Hell, no, would he ever go for her. Are they talking now? - To a great day. - It was fun. Yeah. Ugh. She is not the Southern belle that he likes or wants. If you really know that you wanna get to know him better, set up like a full-blown date on the patio. What do you mean? You can't go on a date with him outside of the house, so set up a date at the house. This is a hard situation to be in. I have genuine feelings for him, and I don't know what to do at this point because with each day, I get to know him more and more and more and I like what I see. I'll confirm Evan to let me use his patio, and we'll get you. 'Kay? 'Kay. Okay, I'm gonna go get... Okay, okay, okay. I'm scared. So how's it going on "Temptation Island"? Um, it's a little bit more than I expected. How is, uh, the other guys in the house? I mean, I feel like they expected more out of me than I presented just because they didn't really know my story. - Mm-hmm. - But I feel like when I told them my story, they, like, kind of attacked me in a way, 'cause they were expecting a lot more out of all of us girls. We all assume that, yes, you're in real relationships... - Yeah. But you're in real relationships that have some source of doubt that you are here to tempt your relationship to see if, you know, it can go forward or if it needs to come to an end. - Okay. - You know? I guess, yeah, I can see why you guys would think that. If you openly, you know, come on "Temptation Island," you are openly knowing that you're gonna allow temptation to happen, and if you fall into it or not, it's kind of like... - That's your choice. - Yes. Yes. Yeah. I had a pretty long conversation with James, and James was able to just talk to me and just let down my walls more. I mean, I'm gonna try to open up more because I can't be so closed off the whole time. I'm just gonna take a while to warm up and listen to myself and not push myself too hard. - That was a first date. I'm like, if I throw up on this first date, I'm gonna... This is embarrassing. Yeah, I definitely, like, feel more comfortable now just because I feel like you stood up for me, like, multiple times. - Yeah. And the other girls, which is also, like, cool to know that it doesn't matter who it is. Like, you would treat everyone the same way, which is, like, a good aspect to have in a person. I think my date with Tyler is going great. Um... I just feel, like, really respected and comfortable when I'm in his presence. I think that tells a lot about a person in general. I know if I was gonna spend a full day with somebody again, it's either you or I don't wanna go on a date, you know what I mean? - Yeah. I feel you. But, you know, this is the... This is my favorite date yet, too. Nicole's an amazing girl. If somebody meets her, like myself, they're gonna be interested because of what she brings to the table. I just wanna see her smile and really just take this whole experience in. - I judge you all the time. All the time. - John, me, you, pool table now. - Okay. I gotta beat her in pool. I'll be back. Oh, my gosh. My mind is blown. In this house, I definitely have the strongest attraction and connection towards John. Just, we can't date outside of this house, so I'm going to bring the date to him. Since you beat me last time, I'm like... I beat you the last two and the last one. I think that John would be a great dad. Every day, it's like he gets more and more attractive to me. Oh! Damn! And I think that he would be an amazing husband. John? - What's up? Can I talk to you for a second? - That's one huge glass of wine. Holy shit. Actually, I want the bigger one. - Okay. - But hopefully, I can get through to him and, you know, let him know that these feelings are real. - Oh, wow. - Over here. - I like this. You did all this? - Yeah. - This is pretty good. This is, like, very romantic for a first date for sure. Kady's never done anything like this for me, so... Katheryn will. So you ready to make some babies or what? No. - Oh. - But I feel like with each day that I get to know you, like, I just like you more and more. I just hope that you understand, like, it's hard for me to really be 100% open to the whole single thing unless Kady does something that makes me go, "Okay, we're done." - You know, that's... That's how I feel. Like, I don't want to give up on something. Okay, so you're telling me that the only way you would have something with me is if she messed up? I'm annoyed. What is John thinking? Like, how on earth could he possibly defend a woman that put him in a position to hurt him? No, you're, like, constantly defending her for no reason. - And is it gonna get worse? Is it gonna get worse? Yes, of course it's gonna get worse! You're 35 years old. You know it's gonna get worse. It's just hard because it's like emotions are coming from me that I never thought I had. I need a second. And that's the realest... I know I'm supposed to just act single, but it's hard, 'cause, you know, in the back of my head, yeah, I'm definitely thinking about Kady. I miss her. I don't know if she's missing me or what, but... Okay, back to where we were. You know, it's tough. It just irritates me because I feel like you aren't letting go of someone who is willing to let you go. Does that make sense? - I get it. - And then you could possibly lose someone who, like, has a genuine connection with you. Things could change any second. That's the scariest part. But it's also the most exciting part. I'm serious... seriously sorry. Like, what's going on? What's going on? I'm sorry. I can't kiss you. - What? You just did. - I did not. Cheers to the best date so far. - Cheers. - Cheers. Tonight, hands down the best night I've had since I've gotten to this island. This is exactly how I want every night to go from here on out. Yeah. 'Cause... 'cause you don't even know. I just gravitate to Johnny and vice versa. There is just this chemistry that I can't ignore. It is hard to stay away from him. - You had fun today, though? - Yeah. It was the best date for sure. You're the only person that I would wanna go on a date with. I'm not... hiding how I feel. - Yeah. - Like, in terms of, like, I'm always talking to you, you know what I mean? Like, I'm not doing gray areas right now. Like, you know where my head's at. Like, if I met you at the bar... - Right. - We'd get into this depth of conversation, I don't think so. I think I would literally just go home with you. You know what I mean? - Right. Not done, but just, like, this is gonna be the first step. Right. I don't know. I feel, like, overwhelmed in a way with all the shit that's happening with Evan. It's so unexpected, and, like, just weird for me, and I'm being a freakin' weirdo. Oh, my God. I don't know what to do with you. We're going up to my room right now. We're what? We're going up to my room right now. Okay. I don't know what's going on in my brain, but it's so odd. Should I go down to my room and then come back up? I don't want to. It's just so weird that he has a girlfriend. Like, what? Mm, that's usually not my style at all. I just need, to, like, regroup and think about things, like, slowly. I'm just gonna go to bed, and... I know. Brittney took me by surprise, um, completely. I think she's very good-looking, and she has a very friendly personality. Brittney definitely tests limits. Like, it's pressure because I can see that she just wants to jump on me and be by me and just have touch, and just my body wants to do certain things, and that's... that's tough. Oh! Man. Last night, I think Evan was waiting up for me. I was gonna, like, go upstairs with him, but I ended up just going to sleep. So I hope he's not mad at me 'cause he was supposed to be waiting. Oops. I'm thinking, you know, maybe she thought that I was trying to, you know, actually, like, sleep with her. It wasn't like that either, like, with me. Like, we definitely have, like, a super crazy sexual attraction, too, though, so I did think about that. I was like, "If I go back up there, like..." No, swear to God, girl, I would've... If you fell asleep on my bed, I would have slept on my balcony. - Really? - Honest to God. I just wanted to know what happened, and I know everything's okay by the way she looks at me. I got eyes for only her in this house, and I can't wait to see what happens. - Hi, John. - Hey. We were just talking about you. Come on over. Oh, yeah? We were talking about your date last night. Yeah, I drank too much. I just told her depending on what I see on these bonfires, these little videos, might determine how I act. - Why, though? - Because I'm not gonna be the first to cheat. The emotional part of it doesn't mean anything to you? No, yeah. I mean, definitely, I feel like I've really connected to a lot of people here at the house. But then that's where I also question your intentions. You're like, "Yeah, I'm coming here for this experience "and blah-blah-blah, but my girlfriend's "the one who pushed me into this in the first place, "and, like, you know, I'm just waiting to see if she cheats first," which, by the way, like, makes us all uncomfortable. I don't think that that's fair to use other people and say, "Oh, okay, well, if Kady cheats first, then it's fair game," and then it's like, you might be hurting other people in the process. Do you think of that? - So do you think that I've been closed-minded or not... No. I don't know your intentions. This experience has been pretty tough. Just being away from Kady, not knowing what she's doing is driving me crazy, and then Hannah came at me a little aggressively about the reasons I'm here. She's upset that I don't wanna have a romantic involvement, and that's not really for her to judge. - Mark! - Mark! Mark is here. - What's up, everybody? - Did he bring beer? Ladies, I need you for five minutes. You got five minutes for me? So Mark comes in tonight, surprises us all in the kitchen. - Come on in, you guys. - It kind of takes our mindset out of our current vibe with the guys in the house. Well, I came by quickly just to drop in and let you know that we're not having a bonfire tonight. Oh, my God. That's like the best news I've heard. - I know. - Thank God. - I feel so relieved. - I love you. Tonight, I implore you to embrace your own journey. You guys have a great time. I'll check in with you soon. - High fives. - High fives all around. Let's just enjoy our... ing time here. Yay! All righty. I'm stoked. There's no bonfire. - Dance off. Dance off all this heat. All the girls are letting loose. - Loose, dude. - Hey-o! Ah, ah. Whoo! Get it, girl! I definitely feel like I'm starting to feel more comfortable around everyone. Shari, your ass looks so fire in those pants. I know how to have a good time. Like, I feel like they're finally starting to see the good side of me. Oh! Oh! Wow. Let's go, boys. Let's go. - Uhh! - What's up? Here we go. Let's go. I have not been this loose and having fun and free and just doing my thing. It feels good. Whoo! I got your ballot. Hey! Kady's my girl, but she's in a pickle right now. It seems... I don't wanna say she's forgetting about John, but "Temptation Island" is starting to get to Kady for sure. - Hold me up. Hold me up. Hold me up! I mean, you're seeing her just let her hair down. You know what I'm saying? She was dancing on me. At one point, she was even, uh, sitting on my knee. She said, "Do you think Johnny's jealous?" And I said, "... him." Yeah, but you don't have to worry about that. Yeah, don't worry about that right now, 'cause you don't know if that's gonna happen. I think Carlos is his own fool. You know, I'm laser-focused on Kady, but then also, it's a little tough when there's 11 other guys to talk over. Okay, a kiss on the cheek. - A kiss on the cheek? - Yeah. - There we go. - No, I need one. - Give him a kiss on the cheek. There you go. And that's a good one. Hey, hey, hey, hey. - Wait, shit, hold on. You got, like, five kisses on the forehead. Bro, bro, bro. - Johnny. - Johnny, you got it. Johnny is probably getting a little jealous right now, but, I mean, it's all fun and games. It's just innocent flirting. You know, it's something that he's gonna have to be cool with if anything's gonna come of this. Shut the... up, please, before I bop you and break that deep. Hey, guys! - Hey, guys. - So, listen up. We've been in our bikinis, our cute shorts, beach-bumming it like, too much. - So we need to... - Up the ante. - Have a cocktail party. - You can't say no. - Dress code required. Yes, dress to impress like you're about to run into your ex. Mark says no bonfire, so I'm ready to have fun. You know, I was told to dress up, come strong, come correct, and that's right up my alley. Oh, hello! Look at you. So dapper. Oh, my God. Oh, damn! Tonight is a cocktail party. - Oh! - Wow! Karl just walked in in a suit and has me rethinking everything. Damn. - I need another party. You all ain't live enough. Let's go! I wish I could actually dance. I dance like an old man. - Forget it. - White boy. I can't dance. Do you want me to dab the sweat off your chest? 'Cause I'll happily do it. I'm surprised to see Tara opening up. I can definitely see she was coming out of her shell, and I was like, "You know what, Tara? Yeah. Let's have fun." - I'm gonna just... Whoops, there's some down there. Whoops. All right. Guys, I gotta go. I'll be right back. - I might take this shirt off. Let's go! - He is so... ing hot. Oh, my God. Is that the one I dabbed his chest with? Yeah, what do you got in there? - What do you want? - No, stop it. Let me try. There's some serious sexual chemistry there, and that's mixed with a playfulness that I've never experienced as an adult, so that's really, really special. Okay, so half of the male population... - So beautiful. - Has changed into swimwear, so I suggest that we do swimsuit and heels. I'm changing. Let's go. Johnny makes me feel really comfortable and really good and really warm and fuzzy, and, yeah, I just wanna spend all my time with Johnny. I'm not thinking about John, so, yes, he makes me forget about things. I don't know what you want out of this. I don't know what you want. Uh-huh. - I'm tired. I'm tired. Okay. - I'll see you. - It's confusing. I'm away from John, and I miss him and I love him, but at the same time, I've got Johnny here, and I'm drawn to him and I always wanna be with him. Ready to go to sleep? Mm-hmm. Okay. I feel like I'm going to fall. Okay. I do think that Nicole and I are starting to have a connection, and I do think that that is starting to worry her a little bit. I'm interested in her, and she knows that, and, uh, I don't feel bad for the guy at all if he does lose her. I truly do think that he will lose her. - I like you. - I know. It's very clear that Brittney is super into me. Um, she hasn't held that back. You know, we do have a strong physical connection. Sweet dreams. Friendly hug. I really felt Karl, like, pull away from me and not want to be close to me or not honoring that he wanted to be close to me. No, I'm, like, kind of insulted. It really brought up feelings of rejection and I'm being challenged in ways that I literally could not have imagined or prepared for. It's so stupid. I just wanna go home. - I think... I think you... Hey. Come here. Like, why is he not paying attention to this? You put your heart out there, and, you, like, feel emotions towards Karl, and you feel like he's, like, holding back, and I get it, you know? I just, like, I don't think there's any reason that any of us should have to not look at those feelings. Like... why do we have to all pretend that that doesn't exist? Why can't I just go to your bed? - Okay, come on. - Thank you. I feel like I'd rather sleep there. I came into this experience with, you know, some ground rules with Kaci, and I'm learning that some of those ground rules are going out the window because I didn't expect to have, like, feelings for someone like this, you know, so quick. What are you thinking about? Absolutely nothing. What about you? Definitely not nothing. Something? Everything. - Mm. - You know, I came here to prove that I wanted to be with Kaci, and now I'm feeling things that are proving, you know, otherwise. I'm trying to build a foundation with Morgan through the pain of someone I... ing love. I've said I'm not going to ing have anybody in my bed. I'm not going to do these things, and guess what I... ing did? I didn't see this happening. - Yeah, we can't. - We can't. We're not doing that. And it's great, and it's amazing, but on that amazing side, it's completely... ed for somebody else that has been in my life forever. It hurts so much, no matter how good it feels with Morgan, this hurts. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 