Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e3 - The Epiphany - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Epiphany - full transcript 
 As connections are being formed, some couples are starting to question their relationships. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Temptation Island"... Honestly, one of mine and Evan's biggest issues is the fact that I wanna get married, and he's just not ready. Listen, you just said I was jealous! Shut the... up! It's not your goddamn ing confessional! - Katheryn, Katheryn... - Katheryn, you knew that she had a crush on me. She has a crush on me. This is so good. "Morgan, you have a crush on me." He's just not as manly, I suppose, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 like, if we were to have children. He wouldn't be able to teach our sons how to do that kind of stuff. Kady said I wouldn't be a good father. Why the hell is she with me if she thinks that? There's something about you that, like, I literally, I can't shake. It just happened, and I've been drinking. , I... ed up. I'm done. I'm honestly done. If he participated in something, I'm done. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You're not gonna tempt me. Aw, I'm so sorry. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is crazy. - It's over. Done. The fact that I've been, like, feeling so weird and, like, uncomfortable and the fact that he has, like, stepped back into his old self, I'm just done. I feel really hurt and betrayed because I still feel like I haven't made a connection with anyone in the house because I've been so focused on him. What did you expect him to do? I feel like I was expecting him to be the most behaved. It's like you're still putting the other girls up on a pedestal so to speak because it's like you're making an ass out of our relationship. I truly am not sure what he confessed to. The fact that, like, he would just cross the line in that way... is just really hurtful to me. - What did you hear? 'Cause I'm confused. - I'm just... I'm... I'm... I'm just numb right now. I'm not gonna cry anymore. I seen him drunk. I seen him babbling. I seen him saying that he crossed the line. I feel kind of betrayed and getting back to those feelings that I felt a few years ago. Let's watch another video. Kady? - Oh, God, I'm scared. Um, I wanna watch it with the girls. Okay, great. Here we go. Sometimes I feel like Kady kinda expects me to read her mind, you know? - Yeah. - True. - And sometimes I can. I'm definitely like, okay, she wants me to, you know, do this for her or whatnot without her telling me, but there is that, you know, there are some times where you're like, "Hey, I need a little feedback here," you know? She's definitely vocal when she's mad, but... Right, so she waits until it gets to the last second. Yeah, and she has a short fuse, so it doesn't take much. You'll either leave here with a lot of really good, like, advice on your relationship or... Or it's gonna be a very awkward flight back home. - Or a very awkward flight. - Yeah. And I feel bad 'cause I got the house she moved into, so she's gonna have to move out. Dick. - That wasn't so bad. - Did it bring up any emotions to hear him sharing about you to another girl? Uh, no, not at all. It's the worst y'all got on him, jeez, I need to behave. Uh, let's go with another clip. Nicole. Would you like to watch it by yourself, or are you gonna share it with the girls? - With the girls. - Yay. - Okay, here we go. - I'll show you the king's room. - Ooh. - Behold. - Where the magic happened? - Stop it. - No way. I feel like things are heating up. Honestly, being tempted more, like, it's... Shit is real. Like, a lot of these girls have voiced that they were initially interested in me. It kinda puts on a lot of pressure, like... shit. I feel like it cut off when there was more. - Yeah, it cut off. - More importantly, Nicole, is what are you feeling right now? I think Karl holds me to certain limits, and I don't feel like he holds himself to the same limits. You know, I don't know if he would be okay with me doing that and I think he thinks it's okay if he does it. Like, I wanna be respected in the same way. Like, I want my partner to agree to be on the same lines as me. You don't want a different set of rules than he has. Exactly. I wanna play the same game with the same rules. Well, let me let you in on a secret. - Okay. - This is your game. You can do whatever you want. - Yes. All right, Kaci, we're gonna show you a video. I knew. You wanna share it with everybody? - Yeah. - Okay. Let's do it. I'm a sucker for, you know, natural beauties. That's kind of my, you know, my thing, um, but it's more than just attraction with me, and she knows that. You know, there's been so many signs leading up to this, showing me that I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be. I'm supposed to be here on "Temptation Island." I'm supposed to seek out these relationships. I'm supposed to see what's out there, because, you know, I've turned myself off for so long. So true. I need... I need something real, you know, and I-I need that, and so if it's not with, you know, Kaci, then maybe it's with one of you guys. To top a connection I have with Kaci is going to be, you know, next to impossible, but, um, you know, next to impossible might be here on "Temptation Island" with me, and, uh, that's... ing scary. I'm done. Aw. Yeah, that's so true. He's been so closed off, so I'm actually... I'm glad that he's opening up to it 'cause he deserves it. He's been through a lot. Even if that ends up meaning you're not in his life? Yeah. I mean, honestly, everything happens for a reason. Like, I'm not gonna lie. I'd be totally devastated, but if we're not meant to be, we're not meant to be, and he deserves the best, and I deserve the best. So I remember when we first met, and I asked you why you were here, and your list of reasons was, "I want a husband. I want children. "I want this life, and I wanna do it, and it's getting later." - Yeah. "And I need the ring, or we gotta move on." Um, honestly, my family puts a lot of pressure on me, so I've really been trying to make them happy, and coming here, I'm kind of upset with myself because I don't need a title and I don't need a ring to realize what I have with Evan, and I'm hoping that this experience doesn't ruin it. That's almost exactly opposite of what you told us and him. I know, but I'm realizing I had something special, and now I'm risking it, and he might... He might replace me even though he promised me he wouldn't. You guys should take a minute and breathe and process what you've seen, okay? That's what this is about. Don't make any decisions tonight. Think about what you've seen. All right? I appreciate you all. You're free to go. You can head back to your villa. Thanks, you guys. Sounds good. Thank you. Ev is definitely opening up to the experience, and it sounds like he's definitely tempted. And it's really, really scary for me because I don't wanna lose him. I really, really don't wanna lose him. He's my best friend. He's, like, the love of my life, and... I can't be with anybody else. I really can't. What did you guys think of the bonfire? A lot of mixed emotions. Looks like they had a fun day. My clip at bonfire was Kaci walking with Wynn to, you know, some room, and they're just chatting. I thought nothing of it. That's the least of my worries, is, like, talking. I thought that, you know, we were gonna see them have a little bit more fun or, like, let loose a little bit. I feel like I need to tighten up a little bit on my end so that she's not seeing too much. At the same time, I'm being me at this... At the end of the day, so... Ohh. That stung a little bit to hear Kady say that. She questions whether I could be a good father or not. You know, Kady knows my family history, and my dad kinda lacked some father figure characteristics. I feel like I'd provide everything, you know, as far as being a good guy, but she's looking for, like, this alpha male, but I don't think she really knows what she's looking for, honestly. Still love my dad, but he chose a life of smoking and drinking, and so I always told myself that I was gonna be a really good father. If that's what she thinks, like, you know, why didn't she leave me a long time ago, you know? - Right. - I feel bad for John. He's a great guy. He has the utmost respect for his girlfriend, even when she's putting him down, and it just hurt to see someone get treated that way. At the end of the day, you know, that's not my relationship, but it's just... ahh. My girlfriend didn't appear to be having a good time. - Yeah. - Yeah. Uh, I hope she can loosen up and have some fun. I just don't know what they showed of me. I wouldn't worry about it, man. I wouldn't worry about it. I feel like I need to talk to Javen. It's tearing me up inside. Man, tonight sucked. Tonight, like, got real. That video really made me feel completely different about everything. 'Cause I've been in a relationship for so long, I feel like I lost my own personality, and I just feel like... just empty inside right now. I hate seeing y'all both cry. I just, like, had an epiphany. The few things that are, like, issues with me and Evan are so small. Like, they're so small. It's so stupid. But, like, I've realized a lot that I'm, like, so scared. - Oh, man. - My family puts a lot of pressure on me, and I'm an idiot. I feel like we wouldn't be here and doing this if it wasn't for me giving him that stupid ultimatum. It's so stupid. Girls, don't ever do it, ever. Like, if I lose him because of me, I'm never gonna forgive myself ever. Like, I really don't know how I'd recover. Like, I'm so mad at myself. Like, so mad at myself. Going into a date selection makes me feel excited, a little bit nervous. - Hello, ladies. - Hey. Hopefully, these girls have gotten enough of a taste of my personality to the point where they'll choose me for a date. All right, ladies, it's time for another date selection. I recognize and realize that emotions have been running a little high, and so to respect your experience and maybe make it a little bit better, you're gonna now make your date selections separate from your boyfriends. We have great dates planned for you. The question is who do you wanna go on dates with? Kaci, you get to go first. - All right, you guys, this is very tough, and I wanna spend time with all of you, but I'm gonna go with Justin. - Okay, Kady, your choice now. - Okay. - Wynn. - Ooh! Wynn. Okay. All right, very good. I kept thinking that the girls were coming to me, so they would walk up, they'd look me in the eyes, then they'd just go over my shoulder. Tyler. Both people on either side of me got picked. One more spot. James. I mean, I guess I have to turn the charm on. Okay. We have great dates planned for you guys, so have a wonderful time. I mean, this is a good guy, girls. You gotta let a man in, give him a chance at least. - I'm a good guy. I'm here to treat you well. I would have you girls laughing to the point, you know, with... Your panties would have fell off. - That's... That would have happened. Good morning, everybody. So we're doing things a little bit differently this morning. Uh, as you can see, your girlfriends aren't here. Still haven't been taken out on a date. I didn't come all this way to look at a beach and sleep in a bunk bed, just sayin'. All right, John, go pick your date. All right. Rachel, how about a date? - Sure. - All right. Rachel seems a lot more laid-back than Kady, a little less high-maintenance. That's gonna be refreshing to be around someone that doesn't seem to have that short fuse like Kady has. - Evan, you're next. Go select your date. All right. Evan and I had that first date together, and there was some tension at first, but we know it's in the past, and the goal is to find love. Morgan, will you go on the date with me? Plot twist. - Plot twist. - Morgan does not like me. She made it very clear the other night. She screamed at the top of her lungs that "I don't have a crush on you," but hopefully, you know, I can, you know, have a good time with Morgan today and try and, you know, fix some things, I think. "Temptation Island"... Always expect the unexpected. For sure, for sure. Well, who did you think he was gonna pick? Brittney. Thought he was gonna pick Brittney. I did feel a connection on my date with Evan, but I feel a little bit of an attraction and electricity to Karl, and I'm open to exploring down the road if there's something there between Karl and I. All right, Javen, are you ready? - I'm ready. - I'm interested to see - who you're gonna pick. - All right. Erica, would you like to go on a date with me? - Ooh. - Yes. Sure. - All right. - Very good. - Get it, girl. - One more date to be picked, and, Karl, it's on you. You ready? Let's do it. Oh. Allie. I'm very excited Karl picked me. He's super hot, so I can't wait. We'll see. I'll keep you tuned. Ladies, thank you very much. Have a great day here at the villa. And you guys have full days planned, so you better get started. Let's head on out. - All right. - Sounds good. Evan picked me for a date today. It's so unexpected. We had, like, a kind of little altercation. I don't know if he wanted to talk about it, but I feel, like, overwhelmed in a way. Yeah... You've never, obviously, ridden a horse, right? - But I'm open-minded, though. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's good. I was like, "All right, let's see how Wynn does in my environment." - Yeah, that's... That's why I'm here... To get out of my comfort zone. I picked Wynn for this next date because back at the house, I had a really amazing talk with Wynn. You take care of my boo for me. And he opened up to me, and I really saw a glimpse of his soul, have to explore that more and have to follow my gut and follow my heart. - Wynn, how you doing? - I'm great. This is a breeze. Hey, man, see, chill a bit, though. Yo, he not stopping, Bill. - Feel his back. Bill! I gotta make a trade. - Oh, my God. - Bill has his wiener out. - It does. - He's huge. The reason I came to "Temptation Island" is to find love. This ain't no thing. I'm cool. And I think I'm definitely tempting Kady. You know, we're definitely vibing. Come on, boy. Here we go. Whoa. This bridge is awfully sketchy. I chose Erica because I felt like she was one of the more reserved girls out the bunch. I'm looking forward to hanging out with her, talking to her and just having a good time. I miss my girlfriend still, but we're buying into the experience. - Come on, Nick. - Ah, getting a little tight. Come on up. Like, I've never been ziplining, so I don't know what to expect. Ooh. Whoa. - I swear to God, if I fall... - You're not gonna fall. Like, my life on the line right now. - Count you down on three. - Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name, Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done. - Two, one. Go! Whoa. Ooh. Oh, my God! - Thanks for that. - That was great. My second date is with Morgan, and I'm a nervous wreck. I know she doesn't think very highly of me at this point, and so I'm just going into this, trying to show her that I am not the guy that she thinks I am. I think I'm gonna beat you down. Whoo! I'm beating you. Whoo! Oh! Oh, shit. We did it. What was the highlight of the day? Ladies? - John's package! Everything is bigger in Texas. To John's package! Feel great getting that first one out of the way. Let it all out before we go down. Don't try to race me now, all right? I... Aah! Oh, my God. Don't scream. 'Cause not only will you scare the horse, you'll scare the shit out of me. He tripped. Do you think you will ever leave Texas? I'd say no because I love Texas so much. I think it would take, like, an amazing job opportunity for me to leave or, you know, of course, like, the right man. This is what we doing. I'm definitely connecting with Wynn. He kept me laughing the whole time. Howdy, folks. Come on, baby. Wynn has the personality that I'm typically more attracted to. You're not typically my type that I would go for, but I like that you have that good combo of, like, you have some depth. - Mm-hmm. - And you have... But you're also really funny. - For sure. - So I feel like that's like... - It's like a balance. - Exactly what I'm looking for. - Mm-hmm. - I think that's the type of parent I'll be, too. - For sure. I know how I'm gonna be. - How you gonna be? - You gonna be a pushover dad? - I'm-a be... If it's a girl, for sure. - Oh, God. Be her bodyguard. - So, like, so, like, if we were married, you'd ignore me and she'd become your number one girl? Oh, no, no, no. You'll still be priority for sure. I'm a cook for the both of you all, but if she crying first, I gotta tend to her. I gotta tend to her. - Oh, man. That was fun. - Seriously, that was unreal. - It was beautiful. Well, cheers to our first date. - Cheers. - I had a great time. - I did, too. - This is just the second date I've been on, and I already feel like a lot more relaxed... Good. Versus the date I had with Hannah. The date with Hannah was the first date I've had with any... with somebody else other than Kady in almost three years. So I felt a lot more myself on this date. I also felt like Rachel's just the type of person that you can really feel comfortable around. She has a great personality. Question for you... So what are you trying to get out of this experience? Came out of a relationship six months ago, ended very poorly, and I kinda felt like I had like I had the rug pulled out from underneath me. He... kicked me out of the house out of nowhere, did not give any reason. - Wow. Little did I know within a month of that, he had moved another girl into his house. - Stabbed in the back for sure. - Yeah, it's funny, 'cause I'm not quick to cut strangers down or, like, my friends down at all. - Mm-hmm. But when it's the person I'm closest with... - Mm-hmm. - That's when I'm brutally honest with them. That's when you should be honest. I'm definitely a tough love type of person. - Mm-hmm. - I would never question if Kady was gonna be a good mother or not, you know? - Yeah. - I know I'd be a good father and a good husband, and I feel like I've been a good boyfriend to her, but if she thinks otherwise, then, you know, move on. - Sure. - Let's not waste each other's time. - That sounds like John kind of giving up on Kady based on the comments she made, which I don't blame him. I can't imagine. I'm just glad that I'm here to help him through that, especially because today he really started opening up to me, so I feel like this could potentially go somewhere. All right. - I like it. - A little bit of bubbly. All right, so, uh, you know, first thing, I wanted to say thank you so much for, you know, going on this date with me. I think that it's been really fun. I feel differently, 'cause I definitely had reservations. - Okay. I mean... - As you saw. Evan and I obviously started out terribly, but I'm kind of shocked because I feel like he could be really cool. I don't know. It's like freakin' weird, like... complete turn of events. I made... I made the mistake of not, you know... - Coming to me. - Not coming to you, and I was just going off what Katheryn said. - No... - But that's on me. Well, I mean, there's also a difference, like, I could say that I'm attracted to somebody and not, like, like them. I didn't know you. I never even had a one-on-one conversation with you. And I'm not blaming... I don't want Katheryn to be blamed. No, I 100% agree, and I forgive you. - Okay, cool. - It's like, start over. Okay, I would really like that a lot. - Yay. - I appreciate that. I love that you just, like, have a cowboy hat and then, like, camos. I'm styling out right now. Justin is an amazing guy. Very genuine. He's sincere. You can tell that he has a big heart. I was able to be real with him, and he's super easy to talk to. What I saw the other day was really scary. He basically made a statement... "Our love is impossible to top, "but the impossible might be here at 'Temptation Island.'" Wow. And that's, like, a huge statement. He's not good with temptation at all. Like, he's cheated on me. Someone who cheats and feels guilty for it and keeps doing it, at the end of the day, they just don't have enough respect or care... - Yeah. For the other person or themselves. My date with Justin actually taught me a lot, and it just really opened my eyes that if Evan does blindside me at the end of this, that I really need to move on and, like, cut that out of my life 'cause it's... It's not what I deserve. At some point, you gotta look out for yourself. Sometimes it's best to be alone. Yeah. Today was, like, a really, really good day for me to just kind of let go of everything. - Absolutely. - You know? - I'm glad. - It's been a struggle for me to, like, get acquainted with this whole experience, especially since, like, the bonfire. Yeah. You saw some things you didn't wanna see. - Yeah. - I don't know. I think for you, just to see you, you know, smiling and happy and just in a better space... I feel better being able to be in a better space. I chose Tyler because Tyler's energy's pretty chill and laid-back, and I feel like that's what I need. I feel like Javen would feel the same way. I am looking at Javen and seeing how he's reacting to everything, and I feel like based on his reactions, I'm learning a lot about myself. - Yeah. And that's what the whole point of this whole experience is about, is, like, observing him. - Yeah. And seeing how he's gonna handle himself. - So how was your day overall? How do you feel? - It was fun. Did you have a good time? - I had a great time. - I'm actually really proud to see Javen loosen up and get out of his shell a little bit. We had so much fun together. So how do you think your girlfriend is, like, feeling, though? 'Cause, like, you're closed off or you were. - Mm-hmm. - So do you think she's doing the same? - I know it's gonna take a little while. She's a little different from me, probably a little more reserved than me. But I'm getting a little used to dating other girls, and hopefully she's getting used to dating other guys. That's what we're here for. Why are you here? Because I've been single for, like, eight months. - Yeah. - So I was, like, nervous, like, "Oh, my God. What am I gonna talk about with him?" Because you were so closed off, but it's been fun. - Yeah. - So I'm glad that I came. You make me feel pretty comfortable, so I can come out here and be myself, joke around, talk and play. I'm definitely starting to discover myself a lot more. Javen has started to loosen up. I'm speaking in third person. Javen's having fun. Hopefully, Shari's having fun as well. It's, like, nice to know this side of you. It's gonna be weird to go back to the beach villa and then, like, knowing that you know this side of me, like gave you some good conversation. Thank you. - You're welcome. - You're ready to head out? - Yeah, let's go. All right. I keep trying to hold back my smile. - Why? - I have a smiling problem. I smile for, like, no reason. It's bad. I laugh when I'm uncomfortable, and I smile when I'm super awkward. Okay, so you know how Javen's, like, super shy? - Oh, wow, yes, we do. We've been working on that. Okay, so... A little progress. I'm thinking we should write a message on his mirror, like, from a secret admirer. - Oh. - He's gonna freak out! - He's gonna freak. Oh, my God. He's gonna be like, "But I love my girlfriend. I told them. I told them." - "Who did I look at for longer than five seconds?" Okay, okay, okay, okay. - Okay, let's go. We gotta entertain ourselves somehow when the guys are gone, okay? Okay, put kissy faces all over the mirror. - Okay. - I'm gonna write it right here. - It better be worth it. I better get a second date out of this. Some of these girls have game, and I don't know if I can keep up. So I've gotta be a little more aggressive. I just have to grow some cojones... which I don't have. - "Hey, Baby." - I'm way too good at this. "I miss you," right? - Yes. - Yes. "You." Ohh! I can't wait to see Javen's face. He's super slow with his progress, but nonetheless, progress is being made. - Hey! - Oh! Yes. Ziplining was so fun. - I cannot wait to hear... - Uh-huh. Specifically about Evan and Morgan. I hope she roasted his ass. I'm getting in the hot tub tonight. Oh, my God. Same! Hello! - We're back. - Yes! - How was it? - It was so much fun. - We went ziplining. - We figured it out! We were right! Do you feel a connection with him at all? Like... - Not literally. - But, yeah... It was good. Good. You guys are all giddy. Like, you're just like... You know what? I'm happy for them. I think that they're really hitting it off, which is like the plot twist of the century, but, yeah, no, that's totally fine. I'm not bitter or anything. Just kidding. Ohh. We've been going all day. What the hell? Oh, my gosh. What is going on? Come look at this, John. Someone invaded my... "Hey, Baby, I miss you." Who did this? "Come find me"? There are some lips right there. - "Hey, Baby." Those lips look all different, don't they? - Yeah, it's multiple lips. Those are bigger than that one, and those might be a little smaller. What the hell? That's gon' be a real red flag when my girlfriend sees that. I guess we gotta do some research. There's like seven lip prints on my mirror, so seven different lips from seven different people, 14 legs, 14 arms, 14 pairs of eyes, all in my room. I'm like, whoa. I feel exposed, so I feel like I was naked. It was just like, okay, I need to get to the bottom of this. - Yo, welcome back. How was it? - Good. You guys went horseback riding? - Yes, it was amazing. - No shit. No, I know. Don't worry. We're gonna switch things up next time. That's awesome. I'm glad you guys had a good day. Wynn did actually really good. You know why? Because before he left, I was like, "Yo, I'm a horse. You're riding me. I'm gonna show you what to do." - You showed him? - Yeah. - You told him? Yeah. He did really good. - Kady is my girl. That's my Southern belle. Not being able to go on a date with her, it sucks. Hopefully, this goes away somehow. I kinda opened up to Justin, like, what I'm going through. I'm kinda struggling a little bit. Whether me and Evan, like, find our right answers or shit doesn't go well... If he's not there for you, somebody else will be... - Yeah. - In this house. Aw! You're so sweet. - No. No, it's very true. - No, but it's... it's... Kaci has a beautiful personality. She's really a beautiful girl. She deserves to be with someone that is willing to take care of her. Even if nothing happens, at least we're here to comfort you. Yes, no. Like, today was very good for me. Kaci needs to see what's out there. She needs to see that there's people out there that will treat her right. She's a little giggler. She likes to giggle, and she's adorable. Adorable human being. - We wanna have a talent show. - Oh, wow. - A talent show, huh? - Us girls want to put our PJs and our comfy clothes on. - Oh, are you telling them? - I said... No, I'm spilling the beans! - I'm ready, though. - All right. - I'm ready, ready. - I'm ready. Yeah, I got an ongoing investigation. "I got an ongoing investigation." You got your spectacles out for that? Yeah, I'm Detective Javen right now. I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. Ladies! Would you mind giving me a lip sample, please? It's a crime scene. Yeah. - My lips are pretty big. Am I supposed to believe you at this point? Would you mind documenting? - Javen... love him. He's a really special human being. - Thank you. - Like, he's got this innocence about him, too, that is so childlike and so beautiful. Can I talk to you for a second? Excuse me? He's very creative and artistic. I love the way he expresses himself. When I find out who did this, I'll persecute them to the fullest extent of my law. I'll tell you that. He's really funny. He's got a very dry, endearing sense of humor. I'll be in contact with you. - He's so cute. - He's adorable. Javen, best of luck. - This is Sheldyn's - Ah-ah. I red-flagged that. - Okay. - That's Sheldyn, yeah. That's Sheldyn's, Hannah's, Jeffri's. - That is right. - I literally should be a CSI. And she solved your crime scene. You guys, thank you for your assistance. I couldn't have did it without you. Thank you. It was great doing business with you. - I appreciate it. - Much appreciated. - Um, case closed. I figured out who it was. Highlight... Excuse me. All these people was in my room. I solved my case. Definitely. - Who are the culprits? I would like to know. - Everybody. - Oh, I didn't... - You're all guilty! - Cheers. - Cheers - To justice! To justice. I can't believe how different, you know, did you know I asked you on this date this morning? Damn, I didn't really think of that. Today was kind of a perfect day. It really was. It felt even more special because of how it started. I am just so glad I picked her on that date. You know, I started the day thinking I was just trying to make amends, and it ended up being my, you know, my strongest connection in the house by far. I don't wanna say I'm hitting it off with you, but, like, I... I... Obviously, like, I have a crush on you, so, um... I did not think that this was gonna happen like this, and, uh, I got a mini little crush on... I got... I do. Shit. Shit, shit, shit. I got a little crush on her. I just wanna see where... Yeah, exactly. Me, too. Talent show! Girls, girls, girls! Yo, I have shots right here, too. - You do? - Oh, my God. I love it. I cannot wait. I am beyond excited for the talent show. Like, I need fun. I need to be goofy. I'm ready to laugh. I'm ready to have a good time. Ladies, this is nothing but charm, skill, and beauty. So get ready. Boys, come over here. Oh, my God. - Oh! - Okay. Okay! What?! Killing it! Damn. Damn! Aah! I actually really loved that. That was great! I am, like, drop-dead impressed. They weren't ready for me. I mean, the youngest kid, The shortest, the smallest, the underdog, and wherever I'm at, I always make it to one place, people, and it's the number one spot. All right. Ohh! - I have nothing, ladies. I'm sorry. - You have something. - Boo! - I know, I know! - Jack, you're up! - Whoo! - Whoo! - All right. - All right, Jack. All right, so I got to talk to all you ladies briefly. I'm hoping to get some one-on-one time, get to know you a little better. That being said, - you know what I do. - You write. I got a little poem for you all. - Aw! Yay! - Aw! Uh, "I came to this island for one single reason. And after meeting you ladies, I don't plan on leavin'." - Aw. - "So even if things "might get rough on this island, once it's all over, I just hope that you're smilin'." Aw! - My heart! - That was really good! It really was. I think I almost am, like, crying. Oh, my God! You are! Jack, you made Nicole cry! Love you! I think I need to give you a 12. Give me some more time, I'll write something even better, I promise. Aw! I think in the beginning of this journey, I was literally so confused at why we came here, and since I've been here, I have really just let my guard down and, like, opened up to these guys, and it's really allowed me to be vulnerable, and I'm realizing that I haven't had the chance to do that with Karl yet. I wasn't even ready for that. I'm never ready to be emotional. I'm not... So what's up with that? I don't like to admit this, but I feel like sometimes I'm, like, kind of a cold-hearted person. When someone, like, hits me with something that's, like, heartwarming, it just, like, makes me cry 'cause I don't do it very often. - Yeah. And it just, like, hit me at that moment. I'm glad I affected you in some sort of way. You know what I mean? - Yeah. - Yeah. - I'm realizing that Karl and I haven't opened up as deeply as I thought within our relationship, and being able to open up and be vulnerable with somebody I just met, it's a whole new perspective to me on a relationship and what I really need to be striving for. It'll be awesome. Oh, my gosh. - Don't start crying on me - again, all right? - No, no, no. No, no, no. Bonfire number two. I'm definitely nervous coming into the second bonfire. I wasn't too happy with what Kady said in the first one, so I'm thinking these videos are gonna get worse and worse. As I walk into the bonfire, I'm just worrying about seeing something I'm not gonna like. You know, I don't own this girl. You know, we choose to spend our life together, and that's what it is, but at the end of the day, I don't know. Well, gentlemen, welcome to another bonfire. Before we get into the clips, let's just check in and see how we're doing. I'm fascinated with your journey, Javen, because this whole growing up you've done with Shari. So what's been the most interesting thing for you? I definitely feel some guilt smiling, laughing, having a good time on her being around. But then again, at the end of the day, I have to be myself and have to learn how to be myself. What about you, Evan? Mark, I have never done well with temptation, you know? It's wild to be in a house full of beautiful, young, you know, single women that really wanna find something special. Okay, gentlemen, time to take a look at some clips. I know you all probably wanna go first and get it over with, but we're gonna start with Karl tonight. Karl, team watching, or you gonna do it by yourself? - Team. - Team, okay. Good luck. So even though things might get rough on this island, once it's all over, I just hope that you're smiling. Aw! Like, I almost, like, crying. - Oh, my God. You are! Jack, you made Nicole cry! Oh, my gosh. Don't start crying on me again. - No, no, no. No, no, no. All right, Karl. Uh, how do I say this? I'm good. That does nothing to me. She's having fun. Um, I'm actually shocked that she's crying over that, but... I feel like I've conducted myself pretty well here, but now that I know she's actually opening up, I feel like I can unwind a little bit and have fun. No harm, no foul there. I'm glad that it didn't upset you too much. - Javen, are you ready? - Yeah, I'm ready. Okay. You wanna watch it with the boys or by yourself? - With the boys. - With the boys. Here we go. I feel like I need to talk to Javen. It's tearing me up inside. That video really made me feel completely different about everything. I seen him drunk. I seen him babbling. I seen him saying that he crossed the line. I feel kinda betrayed and getting back to those feelings that I felt a few years ago. I've been in a relationship for so long, I feel like I lost my own personality. - Javen? - Um, it bothers me she's crying to a certain extent, but that's who my girlfriend is. What she was communicating is not far from what you and I have talked about. There's Javen, there's Shari, and there's Javen and Shari, and that's been most of your existence. - Exactly. - So it sounds like at some level, she's going through similar things than you are. - Yeah, but you don't see me crying and saying shit like that as well. No, I don't see you crying. Takes strength to cry. To me, it's a sign of weakness. - Okay. John, you ready? - Yes. I'm glad you didn't save me for the last. - With the boys? - Can they just watch it and then I can... - Can they watch it - and you not watch it? - Yeah. Yeah, I don't think I can pull that off. All right. All right. - You ready? - Yeah, ready? Three, two, one. Mmm. Wynn has the personality that I'm typically more attracted to. I like that you have that good combo of, like, you have some depth. - Mm-hmm. - And you have... But you're also really funny. - For sure. - You gonna be a pushover dad? I'm-a be... If it's a girl, for sure. Oh, God. So, like, if we were married, you'd ignore me and she'd become your number one girl? Oh, no, no, no, no. You'd still be priority for sure. - Mm-hmm. - I'm-a cook for the both of y'all. Uh, definitely, I think I was stung a little more by the first video, so... The dad thing really rubbed you. Yeah, especially because, you know, I got, um... a little family history. I had a loving dad, but he ended up committing suicide about five years ago. - I am so sorry. I didn't know. That's all right. And for her to say that and know my past, that's... that's why it stung a little more to hear her say that. Knowing what happened to John's dad, Kady is ruthless. I just can't believe that she could say something like that. That must be difficult to share, and I'm so sorry for your loss and in such a tragic way. One more clip. Man, you got me nervous, Mark. You gonna watch with your boys, I assume? - Team. - Yeah, team. All right. Good luck. At the end of the day, I mean, a cheater's a cheater. But I mean, I think that... Even though he's been different for a while, you think that, like, a cheater's a cheater and that's just in them? Someone who cheats and feels guilty for it and keeps doing it, they just don't have enough respect or care... - Yeah. For the other person or themselves. So how do you feel about that "cheaters always cheat"? That's like saying that people can't change and people can't, you know, become what they wanna become. You know, I ain't a cheater anymore, man, and, uh... uh... No, that... that hurts. It is my goal to remind you that this journey, while you're separate is for you so that you're not gonna waste 10 years chasing something that never was. - Exactly right. - All right. Well, that's all I've got for you. All right? You can head back to the villa. - Sounds good, man. Have some fun, and I'll see you soon. - All right. - Okay, man. - All right. - I stepped out on Kaci a long time ago. That shit is a very, very sore subject with me. Like, I understand what it did to my own family, and, you know, I do hold guilt for what I've done in the past, but, like, I mean, that's so old. That's old news. Dude, I-I cheated so long ago, bro, like, goddamn. I just am still curious to know what they've seen of us. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 