Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e6 - Head in the Sand - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Head in the Sand - full transcript 
 Couples reflect on their relationships and realize coming to the island might have been a mistake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... You're still definitely my biggest attraction for sure. But the only way you would have something with me is if she messed up? I'm annoyed. What is John thinking? You might be hurting other people in the process. Do you think of that? I just gravitate to Johnny and vice versa. There is just this chemistry that I can't ignore. It is hard to stay away from him. Why can't I just go to your bed? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Okay, come on. I came into this experience with, you know, some ground rules with Kaci, and I'm learning that some of those ground rules are going out the window. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You're not gonna tempt me. Having, you know, Morgan stay the night with me upstairs was, uh, was great. But, you know, Morgan wanted to have sex, and I am not at that point with her yet. I wanted to talk to you about that, kind of. - What? - Um... I'm not... I'm not one to, like, I sleep with my girlfriend, not like... It's just... It's like... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's... It's hard, though. It's, like, super hard. I am so drawn to her. I am so pulled to her, and I feel that she is the same way with me. What? - Like how... The self-control... how? Girl, I was, like, losing my mind. I'm never, like, the... kind of person. Like, I can see this is something that makes sense. This is something that doesn't make sense. Right now it doesn't necessarily make sense, considering he has a girlfriend, and that really bothers me and worries me. There are good girls here, like... - Yeah. - If I could talk to all of the boyfriends, like, I would. I'd be like, "Yo, you guys are winning right now." - Yeah. - 'Cause I've been looking for girls with good hearts, and this is my heart, and you guys have that and don't question it. So, and like, so my family number's, like, 3. - Mm-hmm. - Like, it was me, my mom, and my sister growing up, so we always liked... the number has just been, like, 3. - Yeah. My first technique when I got here was just to play it cool, but since there's so many people here, I realized I sort of needed to flip the switch and be a little bit more aggressive and chat 'em up a little bit more. My life has been amazing. - Yeah. I've loved every moment of it. I mean, it's brought me to this conversation and this view. Yeah. I am not enjoying talking to Matt. Like, he's kinda awkward. Um, I think he's gonna freak out if he doesn't get a date soon. But he's just not the one for me, and I feel bad 'cause he really likes me a lot. I'm glad you told me. - Yeah. So I was like... - What is happening? - Is somebody about to give that to somebody? - Kaci. - What?! What? What are those? These are for you. What do you mean, these are for me? - These are for you. - From who? - Me. - You? - Yeah. - Shut up. - Yeah. - Oh, my God. Cameron. - No, it's the least I can do. It's nothing. You deserve it. Oh, my God. You... Aw, thank you so much. - No, you deserve it. This guy Cam, walking in on me with the flowers. Look at Matt's face! What in the... What in the goddamn world is going on right now? I mean, you know, he just gave somebody his credit card and said, "Buy flowers." Me... I like to go pick 'em out of the garden and then, you know, make a bouquet myself. You know, that's just me. Oh, my God. This is amazing. - Cameron just got me these. - Who? Oh, my God! - Hi, ladies. Gentlemen, nice to see you. You've had a couple days without a bonfire, to relax, but don't get too comfortable. Today is an elimination day. And to make matters worse, you're not just picking one lady but two ladies will go home today. As we move deeper and deeper into this experience, it's important that you have connections with the ladies that are here, so what I'd like you to do is discuss amongst the four of you who the three ladies are that you'd like to consider for elimination. - I'm done with Hannah. She's gotten on to me about the reasons I'm here and judging me for those reasons. It reminds me of the characteristics that Kady has that I don't like that's a short fuse, a temper, so I kinda hope Hannah gets outta here, but we'll see. Okay, John, who are the three ladies you guys have decided to put up for elimination? We need Hannah, Tara, and Sheldyn to step forward. - Okay. Hannah, Tara, and Sheldyn. Ahem. Um, John, I know that this was your idea over a little miscommunication we had. However, I think that there was absolutely nothing I said that wasn't true, and I'm sorry if you're intimidated by the way that I come off, but I respect your guys' decision either way. Thank you, Hannah. Why don't you head over there and discuss it? - All right. - All right. I personally wanted Hannah to go, but that's for my own reasons. I don't know if you guys have... Have an issue with her or what. I don't have an issue, but I understood where you're coming from. - We're all here for our journey and we need certain people to push us to our limits and help bring things out of us. Me and John had an argument because he is using some of us as pawns in his relationship game, and I think that's incredibly disrespectful. Which one of these ladies would you like to keep here to further your experience? This is a bit of a shock to me. I think personally I wish I would've given more of myself. I would change that if I could. Mainly because I'm just not ready to go home yet. Hannah, you're staying. - Hannah, congratulations. You're gonna stay. Sheldyn and Tara, it's time to say your goodbyes. Unfortunately, your time on the island has come to an end. Hey, you're a great person. I wanted to send Hannah home 'cause since day one, she's been criticizing why I'm here, but we decided to let Hannah stay just because some of the other guys expressed that they don't really have any issues with her, and I wanted to give her a chance. Gentlemen, thank you very much for what is a difficult morning. Enjoy the rest of your day, and I'll check with you at bonfire. I think that John doesn't really have the power at home, and so when he gets some power here, he uses it, but I'm really glad the rest of the guys did see at least enough of a spark to keep me around, because I do want to find a genuine connection. - I did mention to the guys. I was like... I said, obviously, the reason I want Hannah off is more of the hostility between me and her and stuff, and I really didn't like how Hannah responded. I was like, man, that girl's, like, vicious. Like, it made me uncomfortable, the way she was talking to you. I was like, oh, my gosh. That's exactly what Kady does to me sometimes, and that's why another reason I want to eliminate her, 'cause she's showed me some personality characteristics that my girlfriend has that's on her, but, like, I almost see it worse in her. Really? - Good morning! - Good morning. - Ladies, hi. - Hey. Snuck up right behind you there. How are you today, guys? Good? - Doing great. - We're good. - And how are you ladies? - Good. - Good. Today is an elimination day. That means that you're going to have to eliminate somebody from this group. We have 12 gentlemen here, but not only are you eliminating one, I'm here to tell you that two are going home today. Okay? Here's how this is gonna work. I want you to get together and discuss the three gentlemen who are, for you, on the bubble, and then from that, you'll have to choose the one gentleman you wanna keep here on the island, and the journey will end for the two other guys. Understand? - Fair. All right, gentlemen, you understand? Excellent. Okay. Okay, um... obviously, Matt. - Yeah. It's just not there. We love Scott, but... Do we still wanna put Scott over Wynn? - Yeah. - Yeah, for sure. You guys have anyone that you're... Uh, I mean, how about Jack? - I do like him. He has a hot body. - Yeah. - Okay, I'm good with that. At this point, everybody's so emotionally invested here, and, you know, we've all made such great friendships and connections. We don't wanna see anybody go home, but at the same time, there was a few that stuck out to us that were pretty obvious. Okay, well, that took some discussion, but you've narrowed it down to three guys that are possible eliminations for you. Yep. So I wanna start by just saying that I think I've made it really clear to all of you, like, you guys know my struggle I'm going with, and I really do have, like, love for all of you and how you guys are helping me get through this, so this is very hard to say. It's gonna be Matt, Cameron, and Scott. Okay, Matt, Cameron, and Scott, if you could step right over here... All right, have you reached a decision? - Um, yeah. - Yeah. Who's the one gentleman who gets to continue his journey? Definitely a bit nervous right now. Don't know what to expect, especially knowing that I'm actually feeling more comfortable around these girls. I'm ready to open up, but I think at this point, it could be too late. Um, Scott, you're gonna be continuing our journey. Well, congratulations, Scott. I'm sorry, Cameron and Matt. Your journey here on the island has ended. If you want to say your goodbyes, and then you can head on out the door and head back home. Thank you so much for being here. I basically feel like the biggest asshole known to mankind. After everything that he just did for me, I feel very weird about sending him home. But at the end of the day, I guess if all the other girls aren't feeling Cameron, um, I have to go with the girls because I am still in love with Evan. - You did good. You did really good, though. - You handled it with class. - Thank you. - Can I talk to you? - Yeah. So I'm still very upset with John. He said something about going bonfire to bonfire, see what his girlfriend does, and then if she cheats, then it's game on or whatever, and I said, "Actually, I don't trust your intentions. "I don't trust why you're here. I don't think you're here for the right reasons." - Hannah is just, like... - such a hot mess. It's throwing me off for sure. Like, relax. Have some compassion. I am surprised by how much you're talking about John and how much energy and attention that you're giving to it, and it puts me off, because I think John's a good person, and it seems like you're... - I never said he wasn't. Really going, going, going at him, and I have a little bit of compassion for him in that situation. He's in a really hard spot, dude. Like, he might have come here because his shitty girlfriend has lame-ass, superficial intentions, but now that he's here, and everyone is, like, bringing to light to him that his girlfriend's an asshole, I think it's, like, really tripping him up, and he's having a hard time processing it. She's created so much drama that I'm just, like, "Look, I-I-I'd rather just back away than even try and deal with this with you," because she can be so... What's the word? Like... Like, kind of vicious, just... I'm gonna go in that spot right there. You're welcome to join me if you want, but I wanna catch the last bit of sun. Brittney made me realize that there was a little bit of miscommunication. I'm starting to realize that John is not very good with his words. So I think that maybe I'll hang back a little bit and give John the benefit of the doubt just to keep peace in the house. What's up with you? I never thought this would, like, actually happen. - Of course. Of course not. - You know what I'm saying? Like, I thought I'd come here. I thought I'd, like, I'd resist temptation. - Mm-hmm. And then to have, you know, to have all this happen, especially when it's, uh, something I haven't really had. Sounds like somebody's falling in love. No, you need to take it easy with that. I've never been one to fall fast at all. I'm very guarded and very, you know, very closed off. But I feel like my walls are just done. Get your... ass over here. You guys are talking about me. - Hardcore. - Ha! - But I think that this... This situation here, this... this experiment we're all on, uh, it's... it's doing something to me. It's definitely doing something to me. It's to the point of, like, scaring the shit out of me. I wanna play. Never have I ever had sex in public. - Oh! - Oh, shit. I have sex in public all the time. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone. Like, I didn't expect to come here, really finding much of a connection with anybody, but I found somebody that really, uh, vibes with me on a lot of levels, and her and I connect really well. - You wear glasses? - Sometimes. It's cute. You look smart. I wanna take that next step into a relationship with her, and, you know, any chance I can get to get closer to her, I'm gonna take it. I can be honest with you about the way I feel about you. I think that you feel that way a little bit about me. - Right. - And I don't really... the way that you and I are, it's so hard to find, like, a perfect match, so I don't think that it would be possible for any one of these guys to hit the level... - No. Of connection that you and I have, and... - Not possible. - And I don't know. I guess everybody just kind of comes in your life for a reason, but, um, I'm super happy that you're in my life, and I don't really regret anything that happens. I get it. I-I don't regret anything that happens either. I just don't wanna hurt anybody. - I understand that. Uh, do... Like, do you know how badly I wanna kiss you? And I might leave here regretting not trying. Yeah. - I don't wanna get emotional. No, no, no. Don't cry. It's like, you know, everyone tells me that John's so perfect and I'm so lucky, and I know that I am, but I just can't help the way I feel, and I just feel like something's missing. Okay. I feel like I've been torn with this decision on, you know, is John the one for me, or if I'm supposed to be in this relationship. And I feel like I kinda know the answer. I grew up in an environment where I didn't... I couldn't even really depend on my parents. So, like, I have a whole different mentality whereas, like, I'm a go-getter. - Mm-hmm. - I do things on my own. I feel like I connect with Justin because we're both straight shooters. He has a really good heart and makes me feel like I can open up to him more than I thought I could. I don't wanna fall in love with nobody who's not gonna make my dream come true. - Yeah. - I need somebody who's on the same level with me in the sense of wanting to make a dream happen and they bring to the table whatever they can to make the dream happen. - Yeah. - And that might be why... Why I'm here... - Yeah. - At the end of the day. You can never really guess what your future holds. Mm-hmm. I definitely feel like tonight I was able to connect with Justin a little bit more. We both have an alpha mentality, and we're able to understand each other on a different level, and it's like... it's pretty trippy. I didn't realize I'd have, like, this much self growth. - Exactly. - And, like... - Mm-hmm. - It's... crazy. You haven't found interest in anybody here. You know what I mean? - Yeah, and it's so sad because I wanted to, but I just didn't really realize, like, how in love with Evan I was until I came here. - Well, that's... Well, then, that's... maybe you needed this, you know what I mean? - Yeah. - 'Cause there's people or things that put things in perspective for you. - Yeah. - You know? And when you least expect it, and you're like... That's what I'm so scared could happen to Evan. Well, like, he might have been, like, connecting with her and doing stuff, but he might be, like, feeling guilty now that it's hitting him. - No, absolutely. Yeah. I know Evan and I know that the love that we really do have for each other is gonna outweigh this, like, fantasy bubble land with this girl that he barely knows, so... I just hope he doesn't push the boundaries under the guidelines of what we set, and he doesn't wanna hurt me. I think our relationship is gonna be... probably the best it's, like, ever been. I think so, too. - I'm worried about you. - I need to be honest with you. You don't think I understand the gravity, like, of everything that's going on? Yeah. I think that you think that because... Like, that's what I'm worried about. You're gonna be, like, really conflicted, and I'm scared that it's not gonna be me. I feel like I've known Evan for my entire life. We get each other. He's so sweet to me. Like, but now I'm, like, scared. But, like, it seems too good to be true, and it might be, and that's what I don't like right now. It's what really, really is messing with me. You're everything I've ever wanted. You're... You're, like, you are it. You're it. Just... Just be it. Well... I'm falling in love with you, too. I'm a very cautious person, and, uh, and with Morgan, it's just, um, you know, caution just goes to the... wind. Letting Morgan in has been so amazing and so great, but, like, I can't keep but thinking that it's going to rip Kaci's life apart. I made Morgan some breakfast. - Oh, that's sweet. - Hmm? He made Morgan breakfast. Oh. You know, I couldn't fight it any longer last night, and, um, you know, we... we had an amazing night together. I'm so happy, but I do understand the repercussions that are gonna come with it. I've never, like, fallen in love like this before. It's happening, like, so quickly, and I know. It's not something where I'm, like, "Oh, I think that I really like him, and I think this." It's, uh, like, I know. Did you hear Morgan and I last night? Did you do the dirty? - I'll talk to you guys later. - Oh, shit. I told you mother... It is what it is. You don't get to choose who you fall in love with, bottom line. It just happened. And I know that Kaci, you know, she's gonna be so hurt. It's gonna tear her apart. My happiness with Morgan is gonna tear her apart. Of course he's in love with me. Like, why would I... I don't even... know what's wrong with me. Like, seriously. Now I'm starting to realize, like, it takes less energy to just, like, accept love. - Yeah. - And accept being vulnerable... - And being vulnerable. - Than to keep fighting it. - Yeah. 'Cause I've been fighting it my whole life, and now I feel like I'm ready to just, like... - Let it go. - Just let it go. It's taking me so long to realize how high I have built all these walls up. I'm stubborn, I'm strong-willed. I'm guarded, and I know that if we get through this, I'll finally be able to put them down. If I don't... get my shit together and let it go... I am gonna lose him. But you will get your shit together. You already are. - You will. - Yeah, literally. You already are. That's what you're doing right now. It's like the hardest lesson I think I've ever learned. Yeah, but everything that's really hard is worth it in the end. - Exactly. I feel like I still love Karl, but I don't feel like I've been deeply in love with him like I've seen some of these girls at the house be, and I really wanna feel that deep love with somebody. I don't know if it's Karl. I don't know if it's Tyler. I don't know if it's somebody else in the world, but it's a whole new perspective to me on a relationship and what I really need to be striving for. I feel like Javen does everything possible to please me, and I just always... still find the ways to complain or just, like... - Literally. Girl, tell me about it. - Beat him up and, like... - Tell me about it. - Or with my... with my words or just, like, sometimes I'm just, like, not nice. In the beginning, I was a bit of a control freak. I was bossy. I did kind of feel like the world revolved around me, and Javen was the one to make me feel that way, and I'm learning in different ways how to be a better girlfriend. I just zone out, and I just think about things that happened five years ago, and it's just... - Yeah. - I can't do that. And relationship are all about compromise. Yeah. Let's see what we're working with here. Not the worst that I've seen. We'll make an ironing pile, or to-be-ironed pile. Yeah. I like to connect mentally, but that worries me a lot about some girls, and connecting with them is just them... Just the physicality part of things. I think Kayla's a very nice girl. I think she's sweet. I feel like I have the strongest connection with her. Is that, like, a controversial topic for, like, males? - No. - To get their eyebrows waxed? I got some bushy-ass eyebrows. This one right here... He gone wild. He's wild. I don't know what's up with that guy. Why would... - He just doing his own thing. - Do it! I don't know what's wrong with him. There's nothing wrong with a guy getting his eyebrows waxed. I may move at a slower pace than others, but I'm starting to pick up my pace and get to know these women. I'm learning how to talk to women now a lot better than I was. You iron. I'll fold. We'll have it on film... - My iron jobs aren't the best. That's okay. - Do we have Pinot Grigio? Anybody know? I don't know off the top of my head. I just seen Mark. Wow, it's pretty quiet around here. Hi, girls. - Oh, my God. What are you doing here? - I'm in for a quick drop-in. - Just a quick drop? Well, we'll... we'll see. We love Mark, but we know he can be a bearer of bad news sometimes. Uh, I feel like all of our hearts are just racing. Now that we're down to 10 guys and it's a little less hectic, how you feeling? - I'm feeling good. We're all just trying to kinda, like, ride the wave, but it's very, like, we get very anxious to figure out what our boys are doing at the other house. - For sure. - And I feel like that's what you come in. - I really just stopped by to tell you that, um, there will be a bonfire tonight. That's gonna be hard. Oh, I'm so freaking freaked out right now. - Me, too. - I'll see you later tonight. I'll talk to you soon. Bye, guys. - Bye. - All right, bye. Let's just break Kaci's heart all over again. I think I'm more anxious, um... - What John's gonna see? - What John's gonna see, yeah, and how that's gonna make him feel. - Yeah. - Not good. I'm literally earplugs, closed eyes, and counting and just counting in my head. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Trying to calm myself down. I'm trying to tell myself, like, it won't be that bad. Um... But, yeah, like, if I had the option to not watch it, I really, truly would not watch it. Don't look at my clip, you guys. - Okay, we won't. - We won't. Thank you. The girls and I are definitely gonna have to rally together and unite and be strong for one another, especially for Kaci. We've all established such a strong bond. We don't want each other to hurt. - Guess what? - Sorry. I just... got some pizza here. What's up? There's a frickin' bonfire tonight. - Um, that sucks. - I'm freaking out, Johnny. Is it fair to say, like, regardless of what he does here that you guys will still be together forever? And that's what you want? - Yeah. - Oh. Regardless of what he does. - Pretty much, yeah. - Girl. Right now I feel like she's just convinced herself that she just wants to be with Evan. That's why she's not wanting to watch these clips, because she doesn't want her mind to change. You guys don't understand, like, how much freedom I gave him. - I know. If I took back what I said, I would be a hypocrite. Did you say he could have sex with somebody? I mean, I hope he didn't have sex with somebody. If he had sex with somebody, then, yeah, obviously, but... - Yeah, but that's some... That's a possibility. Yeah, I don't think that would happen. We get it, but at the same time, I feel like maybe she's kind of just sticking her head in the sand and not wanting to deal with it. I mean, I really don't think that would happen, but if it did, then, yeah, obviously, I would have to be done. Yeah, I mean, just from... So that would be the line, then. - Yeah. - Yeah. At the end of the day, nobody knows Evan the way that I do. Evan loves me, and I just gotta keep following my gut. Do you really think Evan could have sex with a girl on the show? - Girl... - That would be crazy to me. But would it? This is gonna be an interesting night, fellas. My happiness and my, like, joy is at the expense of someone else, and I understand that fully, and I'm not proud of that, and that's why I'm... That's why I'm... upset, but I'm not... I'm upset, not regretful. Not regretful. I don't regret anything that went down, bottom... line, I don't. Going into this bonfire, I'm a little worried about what, you know, Kaci may see. I'm not proud to hurt someone. - We meet again. - We meet again. Again. I do love Kaci. I just don't know if we're meant for each other at this point in time. Well, welcome to another bonfire, gentlemen. You're more than halfway through this. You're starting to make connections, so would you say that you have found more clarity or you're confused? You know, huh, it's... it's wild to say, but I'm finding a little more clarity. I came in thinking that, you know, I was here to prove that I'm supposed to be with Kaci, and things are starting to shift around for me, man. You know, I know that all of you said you had questions and you needed answers. John, you having that conversation with yourself at all? Yeah, I'm hoping the separation maybe helped Kady realize that, you know, she has taken me for granted, and some of the things that she said she, you know, will say "I'm sorry" at the end of this, and that she takes it back. - All right. Well, gentlemen, as you know, this is the time where we can get a glimpse into your girlfriends' experience here on the island. And as always, you can either watch it privately with earbuds, or you can watch it with your guys. And we're gonna start with you, Evan. What do you wanna do? - All of the boys. Yeah. - All right, very good. Okay. Here we go. Uhh, keep walking, uhh, go, uhh, ready? Uhh. Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh. - Baby, baby. What's up? Uhh, uhh, mm-mm-mm-mm. Uh, hell, yeah. - She's having fun. - Hell, yes. - Is that relief? - Man, that girl's smiling. Man, she's having a good time. That's all I want for that girl. For sure. Now is part of what you're feeling is that you're having this connection with Morgan that's deep, and you're relieved to know she's having a good time? Well, absolutely, man, but, like, I feel like, you know, it's tough, 'cause, you know, my happiness and, you know, what I'm building with Morgan is at the expense of Kaci, and I'm just so glad to see her, you know, opening up. Hopefully, they're making her feel, you know, something, you know, because, you know, I'm feeling something. - I get it. Javen? - With the guys. All right. Whoo! Dang, girl! - So how do you feel? - I feel great. My girlfriend has never been in an environment around men. I've been to college. I've been to frats. She's never had that experience. She needs this. So how can I rob her from that? This is a perfect opportunity for her to go out and experience things, meet people, make guy connections and whatever happens, happens, and have fun. That's what I wanna see from her. Okay, very good. Karl? - Everybody. - Everybody. - All right, here we go. You ready? Let's do it. Little disappointed that he's in her bed this quick. She could have easily stopped it there. I see his hand doing a little motion, too. It's disappointing. The bed... Just the bed, period. He didn't have to get there. I could have easily got there. I didn't go there. Brittney's been on me. It's tough to not reciprocate, but I haven't. - You mean, in your experience... - In my experience, yeah. - Some people wanna be in your bed, but you said no. - Yeah, I could have easily went to the bed. I actually bypassed the bed and went to the balcony, turned down the offer. "No, you're not sleeping in my bed. I don't care if you're on the outside of it or not." - Maybe it was comfort? I don't know. It might have been sexual. It might have been comfort. But I know her, too, and it's... To have somebody that close, like, I don't... I don't know that she'd be able to shut that off. That's the hard part. You've allowed this man into your bed. What else did you allow? How does that change your experience going forward? I don't know. I thought that she'd be a lot stronger for sure. Well, I'm sorry that you saw something unexpected. I'm sorry that you're disappointed. But I'm... I know it's important to see it. John, you're next. You wanna watch it by yourself or with the guys? - With the guys. I'm ready. All right. Yeah. Hmm. - You okay? - I mean... It sucks to see that, but, um, you know, part of it's a relief, and it's gonna be pretty much an easy out for me. What do you mean by "easy out"? If she cheated on me, it was the end, and that looks like she pretty much cheated on me. First of all, if it hurts, it's okay to let me know it hurts. I mean, I-I'm obviously very hurt 'cause I was with her. I've been with her for almost three years. We talked about marriage. One of the things she was really pressing on me was when I was gonna propose. I was, like, okay, if she can prove her loyalty and commitment to me, I'll propose to her. So I think it's a blessing in disguise 'cause we could have been married. She could have been cheating on me then, you know? Okay, and that changes how things will be here for you? Mm-hmm. She just showed right there she's weak. I need a strong woman that can fight temptation, and she obviously can't. All right. We have one more item to discuss. I'm gonna allow you to send a 30-second message to your girlfriend or not. That's your choice. All right, gentlemen, we'll give you an opportunity to record those messages later. That's all I have for you tonight. You can head back to the villa. Thank you. I definitely felt betrayed. Kady, you know, she crossed the line. I believe that being committed and being faithful to your partner is the most important part of a relationship and she's broken that trust with me. It's... It's... I can't believe it. - Man. - Oh, my God. So I definitely wanna see my clip tonight from Karl. I think I would be more mad if I decided not to watch it and then later on kept wondering and pondering on what it was. No, I'm... I'm very curious. - See, I just... I know I'm gonna see it, no matter what, eventually, and I just need to get through my time here. - Yeah. I definitely know that people probably think I am in denial about not seeing the clip and might be, like, judging that, but at the end of the day, I'm just trying to not let it make me completely freak out. This bonfire's different for me because now I have had a connection with somebody here in the house. I would be absolutely heartbroken if John was connecting with a woman in the house like I'm connecting with Johnny. I'm not gonna lie. I'm feeling very, very anxious and scared. Well, ladies, welcome to another bonfire. Miss Kaci. - Yes. How are you feeling right now? I'm just trying to think of the big picture. Me and Evan, when we came into this, we really came into it to be single. I mean, I'm not gonna lie. I hope he doesn't do anything that's unforgiveable. What if that happens? Then I can't be with him. I've gotta be strong and just draw the line. - Okay. Kady, connecting with anyone? Yes. Yeah. How's that feel? Makes me feel guilty. And makes me feel, um, vulnerable and... and weak, and, um, selfish. I hear you. Thanks for sharing what's going on. All right, ladies, are you ready? - Yes. - We're gonna start with Shari. Would you like to watch by yourself or with everybody? - With everyone. - Okay. Here we go. I'm like, man, I hope people don't think I'm like, just, taking people on a date to be like, all right, bye. - Bye. Peace out? - Yeah, I wouldn't... - No, I know where you live. I'll find you. I know for one, I'm gonna take you on a second date. What'd you see? I mean, I don't wanna, like, jump the gun and just assume anything anymore. That's a little bit different than the first bonfire. Yeah. You feel like you're making progress? I mean, I'm just at this point that, like, if he decides at the end of this that he doesn't wanna be with me, then... then it's something I just have to accept. - That's a mature look at it. Let's see how things play out. Yeah. All right, Nicole, do you want the earbuds? - No, thank you. - Okay. Okay, here we go. I think you're beautiful, honestly. Um... compared to the other girls, I'd say you are the best-looking in the house. I love you. What'd you see? I mean, it irks me a little, but at the same time, like, I've discovered a lot about how Karl and I have been kind of more surface-level than the rest of the girls here in our relationship so far. And regardless if I'm with Karl after this entire experience or not, like, I know that my heart has opened up in a way that I wasn't expecting before, and no one could have done that except for, like, going through an experience like this. I'm kind of allowing myself to feel certain type of ways. And it kinda seems like he's doing the same, which is good, 'cause we both deserve to feel that way. The fact that you say that you and Karl's relationship has been relatively surface, I think is a huge answer. I didn't know there was, like, this level of depth to even just not even in a relationship but to people in general, like, I feel like my eyes have been so closed and I'm at this point in my 20s where I'm discovering this depth in life. Well, there's byproducts of this experience I didn't even expect. I'm thrilled to see it. Kady, you're next. Kady, I feel your emotion. You're feeling terrible, aren't ya? It's hard to talk about it. Um... Um, it's like, I feel like if his clip is good, and it's not that bad, then I'm gonna feel even more guilty. And then if it's bad, then that's gonna hurt, too. Okay. Do you wanna watch it by yourself or with everybody? Oh, with my family. I feel like with each day that I get to know you, like, I just like you more and more. You're still definitely my biggest attraction for sure. - Like, what's going on? What's going on? I'm sorry. I can't kiss you. What? You just did. I did not. Do you recognize which girl that was? - No. - That's the girl you blocked. It makes me feel a little less guilty for having a connection with Johnny, for being touchy-feely with Johnny, for... - Having feelings. - Yeah, but, um, I mean, it sucks. It's shocking because I never could picture that. But you got a lot of answers there. You got answers via giving you relief. You got answers by the guilt that you feel. It's painful but, you know, growth is painful, and... - Exactly right. - Yeah. Yep. - Kaci, you ready? - Yeah. Would you like to watch by yourself or with everybody? Um, actually, we're a family, but I just think, um, I need to... I need to "watch" it by myself. All right, here's your earbuds. Thank you. Whenever you're ready. - All right. - How comfy is this bed though? - Oh, my God. - Isn't it crazy? I feel great. I mean, I'm pretty sure I know what happened. Well... you tell me what you heard. I didn't see it. Nobody heard it. Honestly, I'm pretty sure he's taking it too far. What is "too far"? I didn't really hear much, so I'm pretty sure that... there's probably a girl in his room. Why did you choose not to look at it or share it? If he's gonna revert back to his old ways and be a cheater, then if that's who he's gonna be, I just need to move on. I don't need to subject myself to watching it actually happen. Okay, but now you don't know if it actually happened. Look, I'm always gonna respect your choices. - Mm-hmm. - And you don't know right now because whatever answers there were in that video, you chose not to see. - Yeah. I'll see it eventually. I just... I don't wanna see it right now, and I just want that to be respected. I actually... I feel the best I've felt this whole time. So I think I made the right decision. - Okay. - Yeah. If your goal is to feel good, then you've made the right decision. - Yeah. - And I wish you the best. Thank you. All right, ladies, you have the opportunity to record a 30-second video message for your boyfriends... or not. For now, you can head back to the villa, and I'll check in with you soon. Why did you close your eyes? I closed my eyes because I just really need to stay in a good head space. So you need to respect the fact that I cannot watch that video. - I understand, but what... - I am telling you, I'm gonna walk off. But they could have been doing anything. Walking off. Done. Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 