Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e11 - Final Bonfire - Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Final Bonfire - Part 2 - full transcript 
 The couples reunite at their final bonfire to make the most important decision of their lives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... All through this whole experience, I feel like it only brought me closer to my girlfriend, and I'm just ready to give her all of me. But, like, it's time. To that. That's huge. I definitely feel like I was meant to be here. Otherwise, my life would have just been, like, in a stagnant place. I love Javen, but I could maybe see myself with Justin. It's like I almost feel like he never loved me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But I have to, like... - Do you really feel that way? How could you be in love with someone and do this to them? - I don't like this. - Baby, do you have faith in me? I felt like I was going to be judged, and it creates this weight on my shoulders. As you should have a weight on your shoulders. I feel any woman should know, "Hey, you know, my guy's in the room." I want respect. Nicole, you've come to the decision that you'd like to leave the island alone? Yes. Everything's gonna be okay. I just... didn't think it would be hard to break someone's heart that said they still loved me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My mission was to show you that I was a loyal guy, and I was up until I saw you get in bed with... I think his name's Johnny, and that destroyed me. It was embarrassing to... To see that. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You're not gonna tempt me. I think that you are an amazing, amazing man. Um, you're... you're so sweet and you're so kind, and you're so funny, and, um... but, you know, sometimes I... I feel like I have to, like, kind of baby you a little. I kind of have to mother you a little. I feel like I have to kind of maybe pull ambition out of you a little. Um, you make me not want to have kids. Okay. So you both had a chance to speak, and I can see how difficult that is, but you were both being very honest with one another, and it's important. So now comes the question that you arrived with, the one question we're trying to find the answer for. So I'm gonna ask you each what your decision is, and it can be one of three different decisions. It can be "Let's work this out. Let's leave together," or you may want to leave alone, or you may want to leave with someone else, okay? John, I'm gonna let you tell Kady what you've decided first. Um, I feel like I made a connection with Katheryn, but, you know, I can't just let my heart leap from loving one person to another, um, so I just... I need this time to kinda heal, and, you know, I do love you, and I want the best for you. I want you to be happy. - Same. And if I can't provide that, then we do need to go on our separate ways. So to be clear, you'll be leaving the island alone? - Yes. - Okay. Thank you, John. Kady, your chance to tell what you've decided. Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, with the clarity that I've received here, I think it's best that, you know, we leave single. I still respect you. I still love you. I still want us to have dignity for one another, and, you know, handle things like mature adults. Um, and so, yes, I'm leaving single. So both of you will be leaving the island alone. Yes. Do you have regrets for having come here, Kady? - Not at all. - John? I think that we both learned a lot about each other and the things we struggle with and that this is gonna be one hell of a lesson learned, for sure. Yeah. I think you've both gotten answers. You've spoken to each other with dignity. Breakups are never easy, and my only hope is that by choosing to go separately home now, that you save yourself pain that could come down the line... - Absolutely. - And maybe other people involved in that process. - Right. - Kady, I thank you... - Thank you. For being open and embracing this experience. - Thank you. - And now I'm happy to tell you that your journey is over. You can head home. Okay. - Bye, Kady. - Bye. That was hard. I wanted to just... I wanted to hug him and hold him and squeeze him, but, uh... Hearing him just say, like, that he wants a woman that builds him up and not tears him down, and he's so right. He's so right, and, you know, it's hard to say goodbye, but I know that it's for the best. - You okay? - I'm good, man. Good to hear just her speaking her truth, and, you know, I'm gonna come out of this a stronger man. This is definitely gonna be something that I'm never gonna forget. It's been one hell of a trip. John, thank you for being here. Thank you for being so open, and I'm happy to tell you that your journey here is over. You're free to leave. - All right, man. - Thank you, buddy. - Thank you so much. - My pleasure. - Nice meeting you. - The best to you. Travel safe. All right. Thank you. This experience made me open my eyes to all the issues that have been going on with me and Kady, and a big weight was lifted off my shoulders to hear Kady basically say that I'm just not the guy for her. I wish she'd have found that out sooner, but, uh, you know what? I hope the best for her. I hope that she finds what she's looking for, and I'm just gonna keep moving on. I came here with a mission, a purpose. I wanted to show Shari that I'm different from my past, and I came and did that. I can't wait to share that experience with her. I know. Aah! At 16 years old, me and Shari... I didn't know who I was, what I was doing. - Ready to take this on? - I'm ready. Especially with, like, your past, and, like, everything that we've been through? Yeah, my past... that's what I'm trying to prove, that I'm different from my past. - Yeah. Coming to the island, I assumed I knew everything about women and didn't give people a chance. Oh, I can't hold hands, though. I can't do that, but no problem. Arms. I'll grab you. I just had to, like, factory-rest myself and open up and just get to know a lot of these women. - Aah! - See, that wasn't so bad. No, it wasn't so bad. I'm not gonna, like, jump your bones. I mean, you're cute, but, like, come on now. I put myself out there today and get to know these women, but no one came close to Shari. Shari has a good man, and she is lucky, and you should... - I held it down. Yeah, you showed me that there are good men out there. It's hard to have to trust each other at the end of the day, and I've learned from myself in my experience that I can be trustworthy, and I can meet other women on a platonic level and open up and express myself to them, and same thing goes for her. I can't wait to see her, period. Javen, look at this woman in her face and tell her how you feel from the heart, okay? I'm-a let her know from my soul. I definitely feel like I'm leaving this island with what I came here for. I've had a wild road, but I feel like I was supposed to be here, and I was supposed to have this experience. This whole lineup is horrible for you guys. Oh, so you think it's good for you? - Are you serious? - Me and Javen arguing... I didn't want the first impression to go this way. It threw me off. It really did. - Story of my life. - Same with me. Initially, I was really closed off. You've been very, uh, reserved. Yeah. But once I just embraced the process... Whoo! I realized how much I can learn from these amazing people. I don't wanna fall in love with nobody who's not gonna make my dream come true, and that's why I'm here. It forced me to open up in different ways that I never thought were possible. I feel like now I'm just, like, learning that I have to choose my own path no matter what. - Absolutely. - Justin reminds me about how real temptation is here. No matter what, you gotta listen to yourself and don't hold yourself back. - Yeah. I definitely made emotional connections, but I'm about to see Javen for the first time in 30 days, and I don't know what I'm gonna do. So you think you're prepared for the worst? Obviously, it's not something you want, but if it happens, it happens. So Kaci and I came here to strengthen our relationship together, to put that stamp of approval that I could resist temptation. - Hey, guys, my name's Morgan. I'm a real estate agent, and when I find something I like, I know how to close the deal. She's cute. She's very cute. I came here looking for answers, but these were not the answers I was expecting. The chemistry between Morgan and I is to the point of, like, scaring the shit out of me. I knew you were trouble! I knew it. Golly! Never in my wildest dreams did I thought that I would be resisting falling in love. I thought I was gonna come here and be tempted and maybe realize that I just wasn't supposed to be with Kaci, not actually meet the person that I might wanna be with forever. I can't imagine life without Morgan now, but I don't wanna hurt Kaci. I don't wanna do anything like that. You've gotta literally move someone out of your life that's been there for nine years. No matter what I decide to do, it's going to be heart-breaking. It just... It just hurts, man. Evan and I have been together almost 10 years, and we're just kind of stuck in one spot. Take advantage of it. Do what you gotta do. Figure it out. - Do what you gotta do. - I love you. Mmm! - I love you. Me and Evan came in on such a good note. I didn't think we could start this journey any stronger. Ohh! Once I got here, it really hit me hard how in love with Evan I am. I just, like, had an epiphany. The few things that are, like, issues with me and Evan are so small. Like, they're so small and so stupid. This is someone that I've lived my entire youth with. Like, I don't wanna cry, but since I was, like, 19 years old, this is someone I watched play basketball in high school. Like, we have a life. If I don't... Get my shit together and let it go, I am gonna lose him. It's like the hardest lesson I think I've ever learned. Yeah, but everything that's really hard is worth it in the end. - Exactly. I learned that you can't put pressure on someone. You just gotta be ready when they're ready, and, like, love is enough, and he didn't wait for me to tell him all those things, and it's really sad. Like, I only have eyes for you right now. Like, it's bottom line. - So you're in it? I'm literally being tortured. He's let this experience just send him in a whirlwind, but I know exactly what I need to say, and I know what I want, even though he's kinda breaking my heart. I've opened my heart up to someone else other than Kaci. I have no regrets in this entire experience, but I've loved this girl for so long, it's going to be a very, very difficult night. I am nervous to see Evan. I'm hoping that he's strong and he keeps his promises, and he's loyal... and he realized, like, that what we have is, like, way more special than a random girl, and we go home, and, like, clean slate, and just, like, really do this the right way. I'm gonna be really vulnerable, and I'm gonna lay it all out on the line. He's gonna know he hurt me. He's gonna know that he's throwing away something really special, and I really think if I do that, there's no way he's gonna be able to walk away from me. - How you doing, my friend? - We'll see. Hanging in there. - Okay. Have a seat. - Okay. Oh, Jesus. How you feeling? - Scared. - Scared? You've had time to reflect and get yourself prepared? - Yeah. - Are you feeling prepared? I mean, I'm as ready as I'll ever be. All right, well, let's get to it. Oh, God. I'm gonna bring Evan in right now. You haven't seen him in a while. - Oh. Oh, God. Okay. Here we go. Oh, my God. - Hi, Mark. - Hi, Evan. How are you, buddy? I'm all right. Hi, little bird. - Hi. This is your final bonfire. This is what this whole experience has led up to, and this is the chance for one of you to speak and have the other listen. Kaci, I'm gonna start with you, and this is your chance to talk to Evan, tell him all about your experience, what you've learned, and how you're feeling. Okay? - Okay. Um... we, like, came into this, like, so strong and, like, so connected. And if someone were to tell me how this was gonna go, like, I honestly feel I would have told them they were insane. Watching your bonfires, I literally... couldn't even watch some of them. You were in bed with another girl. I don't understand how you could just do that to me. It feels like you threw our whole life away for this random girl. You're a piece of shit scumbag. And you really broke my heart, and I've literally been crying this entire time. But even though I've been crying, I've been praying for you and I've been praying for us. I wish I could really go back in time and take back all the ultimatums and all the pressure I put on you. And I really regret, like, not giving my full heart to you, and I'm like... really in love with you, and I'm really sorry for pressuring you. That's all I have to say. All right. Thank you, Kaci. Evan, now it's your turn to tell Kaci your thoughts and how you're feeling. First, hey, little bird. - Hi. - Missed you like crazy. Okay? It's been such a crazy, crazy ride here. We both came into this with questions about our relationship. I needed to prove not only to you but to myself that I had the fortitude to resist temptation. But never in my wildest dreams did I think that I would come here to resist falling for someone else. And in the distance that I've had with you, I found clarity. And no matter how much I love you, I've opened my heart up to someone else. Our trials and tribulations that we've gone through have weighed so heavy on me. My little bird... Don't call me that. - I know it's hard. - Don't call me that. - But you have to just listen. I understand, but you have to listen right now. We'll have a chance. I'm done, Mark. You came here with a question, you guys. The ultimate question... am I with the one I need to be with for the rest of my life? And now's the time where each of you make your decision and tell the other. Do you wish to leave together, do you wish to leave alone, or do you wanna leave with someone else? Kaci? What's your decision? What do you wanna do? I'm committed to him. This is someone that is the love of my life, that I have a life with. And I wanna go home and fix what we can fix. - Okay. - This is our life. - You wanna leave with Evan? - Yes. - You're committed to him? - I'm committed to him. Okay. Evan, now it's time for you to tell us your decision. Do you wanna leave with Kaci, as she has expressed wanting to do with you... Will you be leaving alone, or you'll be leaving with someone else? Mark, I'm leaving with someone else. - Okay. - Oh, my God. How? How could you do this? This is what you do. You're impulsive. I finally have clarity. I can see. Knowing full well all my demons, everything I have in me, and you pushed me into the corner for years... Years and years. But I came here, and I got clarity because I don't wanna do that anymore. I can't handle that anymore! But how can you just give up on us? I... You think... You think I'm just giving up? Why can't you give me a chance to, like, prove to you that I've learned these things? Kaci, that is... it is late. I've needed that for so many years. Are you kidding me?! Why can't you just... - I've needed that! You couldn't give it to me! I know... But I'm telling you I'm gonna do it. It's... No. No. So you're gonna break all your promises, tell your family you left me here, everything that you promised me, that my heart and my soul is safe with you, that you'll never leave me, I'm your forever? How could you do this to me? - Kaci. - How? Kaci... it's not doing this to you. You're never gonna see me again. It's not doing this to you. I'm not going to rob you of another second. - You're not robbing me. I wanna go home and fix this. No, you have made... You have given me so many ultimatums, so much time. It's a timetable. - I wanna take them off. You took them back the night before we got here! This is you being impulsive and not thinking straight, Ev. Mark spoke of lightning in a bottle when we got here. Do you remember? Through this process, I understand what he meant by that. You don't know when or where it's gonna strike. But it struck me here on the island. Now I don't want you to think that Morgan is some temptress that stole me away from you. Okay? I'm a man exercising free will, and I stand by all of the actions I've committed and everything that I've said, and I know that in turn it hurts the girl that I've... nurtured, cared, and loved for what feels like my entire life. I don't know who you are. I loved you with all my heart and soul. And I loved you. I was gonna do what I needed to do. I needed you to do it years ago. I'm telling you I'm going to do it. Please. Please believe me. Please. I needed this so long ago. Evan, I'm begging you. Evan, please. - Kaci, you know... You know what... Please don't give up on us. You... You know more than anyone else what I've... What I've gone through. You know what's going on with me. - Please. - And you just let it go. And you still did... - No, I'm not. - And you still didn't... You didn't care. - I did. - You didn't care for years. No. - Please. - Mark. - Okay. Kaci. - Oh, my God, Evan. Why are you doing this? Please. - Hold on. - I'm sorry. - Hold on. - Please, Evan. - Kaci. Why? Please, please, please. Kaci, I know this is your worst nightmare. I'm literally living this nightmare. I know what you've shared, but I need to tell you something. I need you to know that I know... that you're be okay on the other end of this... - Please don't do this to me. And that your future is something you don't even know. It could be far greater than what you're fighting for now. I know, but he doesn't understand that I've had a serious change, Evan. Kaci, unfortunately, sometimes when we make changes, it's for the next relationship. - I don't want anyone else. I know, and I'm feeling for you, and I wish there was something I could do to make this better. - I don't want anybody else. - But, Kaci, your time on the island is done. Your journey is over. - Evan, this is wrong. This is wrong. No, I don't want anyone touching me. Okay. Evan, this is wrong. It's too little, too late. Oh, my God. No, this is crazy! He says that he's gonna be with her! How is this real?! No, like, this is a joke. This has to be a joke. This honestly... it really has to be a joke. I'm like, am I ever gonna see him again? How is this happening? Like, he's my best friend. I'm losing my best friend in the whole world. Like, he was my home. I lost my home, my best friend, but I don't understand how he could do this to me. Like, he promised. He looked me in my eyes and he told me there's no way that he can do this to me, that he would never blindside me again ever. And I came here to fix us. I just cannot believe he threw our whole life away. He's, like, he threw our whole life away for someone he doesn't even know. It's not for me. It's for us so that she can have a life. I'm not gonna take any more time from that girl. No matter how much we love each other, I'm not the one for her. Are you feeling regret, relief? What do you feel? I've had... zero regrets this entire experience, except for maybe sending her a video. But I just couldn't fathom saying what I needed to say in 30 seconds, so I couldn't send it, but I stand by every single statement I have uttered and every single action... that I committed. We decided to come here and truly give this 100%, and I don't know how to go 80. I don't know how to go 90. I gave it 100. I can't just sit back and let things happen anymore. I'm not going to do that, and I'm... I'm going to be proactive, and I'm going to, you know, she's... She's amazing. She's my best friend. I just... I just lost my best friend. Let's turn the page a second past this pain, past this moment, and what's... now in front of you. You found someone who seems to support you in all the ways that you've been dying to be supported. How do you feel about Morgan and going on from this point? I've been torn because I know I'm so happy and excited for the future for me, but I understand in turn that's... that's ripping her heart out, and, uh... Listen... you're gonna have feelings about that, responsibility, guilt, whatever those are that you're gonna have to process. I wanna acknowledge something. You came to the island. Many girls found you attractive. You were the first one to find a connection and never wavered. That's... falling in love. So your journey here is almost over, Evan... but not entirely. There is someone who is dying to talk to you. Oh, please. - And that's Morgan. - Oh, please. And if you would like to talk to her, she's right down that path, and you can head there and have a conversation with her. - Thanks, Mark. - All right, pal. Be well. Oh, look at you. - Thank God you're still here. Come here. - Hi. Oh, my God. I am so happy. I told you. I told you I wouldn't let you down. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I had a billion doubts tonight that Evan was not going to be with me tonight until I saw him. I literally was so excited. He's actually sticking to this, and he knows what he wants, and I love that. - Are you taken? - Mm-hmm. Oh, my God. - Oh, I've missed you, girl. - I missed you so much. - It's okay. - Were you still worried? I told you I wouldn't leave... - Like, literally, I've just been, like... like, freaking out, yeah. That's so hard, but, like... you couldn't help, like, who you fall in love with. Morgan... I love you. And I know it's crazy 'cause it's so fast, but when you're in it, you just know. I need you to know that I love you, okay? I love you, too. - Let's get outta here. - Let's do it. I never thought in my wildest dreams that I would be leaving with... I mean... I mean, look at this girl. You know, I... It's so much more than... so much more than I ever wanted. - I'm so happy right now. I can't even... - I wouldn't change a thing. - I can't even deal right now. I'm so happy. - I wouldn't change a thing. Wouldn't change a thing. Unbelievable. Oh, my God. Get over here. I'm so... happy. Morgan just makes me feel things that I've wanted to feel with Kaci but never had, and I know it's so fast, but you don't get to choose who you fall for. Not close enough. Morgan's awakened something inside me, and she will make me the man that I've always wanted to be. I'm so happy. I am so pumped. - I'm so excited. I'm going to have the chance to see my baby girl, Shari. I have a lot of things on my mind, a lot of things I wanna say to her, I wanna hear her out, hear her experiences, but most importantly, I wanna see her, hold her, and feel her touch. Dang, this is gonna happen. I'm gonna see her. It's been so long. I feel like I'm a way different person. As an individual, I know what I want. Hopefully, she'll accept me for who I am, how much I've grown. I can't wait to share that with her. I came to the island because I wanted to ultimately test Javen, but I feel like I found a lot more about myself. I've changed as a person. Time apart from Javen has just shown me that, like, I don't have to rely or be co-dependent on anybody, but when I see Javen, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'm just... I'm really confused right now. Hi, Mark. - How are you? - Good. How are you? - I'm good. - Here we are. - I know. How you feeling right now? Um, I feel like I'm in such a different place than I was when I started, and I'm just ready to see Javen and just see where his head is at. - Nervous? - Um... naturally, yes, but, um, I'm just so ready to just figure things out and just move forward. - So should we do this? - Yes. Okay. I'm gonna bring Javen out right now. - Okay. - Okay. Javen? - My baby girl. Oh, my God, you look so good. You're golden. Looking like a Greek goddess. - It's been forever. Can I just get some love? Ah, I'm sweating by the back of my knees, my ankles. - Yeah? - Look at you. You look refined. - Yeah. - You're sharp. - Goddamn, girl. - Javen, how are you? - I'm doing great. I feel good. - Here we are. Final bonfire. Here's a chance for one of you to speak and have the other one listen. Shari, I'm gonna start with you. Tell Javen all about your experience here on the island. Okay? - Do I... Do I face her? - Yeah, if you'd like. I would if I were you. This my girlfriend. I mean, to start off, my experience has been so up and down. At first, I, like, wanted to go home after the first bonfire. Like, I was going through a lot emotionally, and I just learned a lot about myself. I feel a lot stronger just as an individual, and, um, I feel like I'm in, like, such a different place now and I've just grown so much. I feel a lot more grounded. I do put up a wall, and, like, I am real... I could be really cold, and those are certain things that I wanna change. I definitely feel like, um... I just want our lives to be different. All right, Javen, now it's your turn. Tell her about your experience, what you've learned about yourself, and what's in your heart. Coming to this experience was a true test for me to show you my loyalty, my love and devotion towards you. You know, before we got here, all we knew was each other. We didn't focus on us as individuals, you know, who we are, who we was, and it was a struggle, you know? It kinda reached a point where we just... it got very passionate. We'd just argue because we struggled to figure out who we were. - Yeah. Coming to this experience, I got the chance to get to know myself and figure myself out. I was struggling at first. - It was rough. - Me, too. - I was like, "Don't touch me. Get away from me." It was a lot. You were always on my mind. Not a second, minute, or hour or day went by I didn't think about you. I just can't... I just told myself, "I can't wait to see this girl "and give her all I have and show her how new and better I am." I love you, baby girl. You are something special. Well, we've got some business to take care of. Javen, we'll start with you. You can tell Shari what you've decided. Do you wanna leave together? Do you wanna leave alone? Or have you found somebody you'd like to leave the island with? Whenever you're ready. Coming here, I put myself out there. I got to know people in a platonic way. I made a lot of friendships and developed some connections, but nothing came nowhere near close to you. I can't even think about giving myself to anyone else on this island or anyone up here but you. I'm leaving with you period, okay? Well, we gotta hear what she decided. - I do. Shari, do you wanna leave alone, do you wanna leave together, or is there someone else you'd like to leave with? Um... I've made a lot of friendships here, and I feel like I've connected and seen things from other life perspectives. I feel like I'm in, like, such a different place now, and, um... I definitely feel like I've grown a lot on my own, and I want to... um... I want us to both have our own lives. Shari, do you wanna leave alone, do you wanna leave together, or is there someone else you'd like to leave with? Um... I want us to both have our own lives. Um... I feel a lot stronger just as an individual, and I feel like it's okay for you to have female friends. It's okay for me to have male friends. I definitely feel like I wanna leave together and, like, I don't know. I just feel like I almost wanna, like, re-date each other and, like, just be better, stronger together, and, um, I've kind of been pressuring you into being this person, and I feel like I want you to be who you wanna be. Shari and Javen, I'm sure you have a lot to talk about. If you head up the path, you can take a moment to do that. All right, baby girl. Thank you, Mark, for everything. - Thanks, Mark. - All right, you guys have a nice conversation, and I'll check with you in a few minutes. Okay? All right. - Yeah, Mark. Oh, my God. I'm with you. - I know. It seems like... - Whoa, what the...? - It's weird. This shit was crazy. I love Shari to the moon and back. Our love's bent time and space. We are... I don't know. I love the heck out of that woman. That's my baby girl. She is something special to me. Baby, come sit right here. I just wanna have a little talk with you. Look at you. You look great. You know, coming here, I had a question. - What? - You know, I wanted to see if you're the woman I wanna be with the rest of my life, and I found that answer. Am I? Ooh. I wanna spend the rest of my life with you. - Me, too. - Like, forever. - Baby girl. - Stop. For real? I want you to be my wife. Oh, my God. Will you marry me? Yes! Of course. Oh, my God. Javen. - Oh, my God. - Oh, my God! - You're amazing. - I wanna give you my last name. I wanna be a different person for you. I wanna be lighthearted and open. I feel like you deserve that. Come over here. This has been one of the longest, toughest experiences I've ever gone through, and the fact that everything is coming together in such a beautiful way, I'm just forever grateful for this opportunity. I will never forget this moment. Is this really happening? - Yes. You're so amazing. I love you. - Oh, my God. - I'm so happy. - Hi, you guys. - Oh, my God. Mark! I just happen to have a bottle of Freixenet and three glasses. - I think it's time for a toast. Do you agree? - Yes, 100%. - Congratulations. - Congratulations. - Thank you. - Oh, buddy, congratulations. Here. Take a glass. Oh, my God. To my... fiancée. - We're engaged. - We're engaged. - Mmm! - Mmm! I'm happy to be alive. I'm happy to be reunited with my baby girl. - Me, too. - You are everything I asked for and more. Uh, goddamn, girl. Watching this transformation has been unbelievable. So I'm gonna offer your first toast as an engaged couple. - Whoo! - Oh, my God. - How does that sound? - You are my fiancée. You're my person. He's just my person. I love you to the moon and back. - Same. - Mmm. Show me to my chamber. I need to handle some business. So on behalf of myself and everybody at "Temptation Island," we wish you years and years of happiness, and we look forward to seeing what the future has for you two. - Thank you so much. - Cheers. - Excited? - Yeah. Since leaving the island, life has kind of... gone back to normal-ish. Now we have a wedding to plan, and I feel like it's gonna be fun. So you're okay with a $300,000 wedding? They costing me. They in my pockets already. Planning this wedding's gonna be a battle. I know Shari. She's very picky. - It feels weird. - Ew. She's like a perfectionist. - I actually really love this. I wanna marry Shari within the next six months, honestly. - Yeah, that's how I feel, too. - Yeah. - Beautiful. You guys look amazing. "Temptation Island" taught me how to develop platonic relationships with other women. For both of us, we kinda needed to see how we are without each other around, and I think that it made us stronger as individuals so that we can be stronger together. "Temptation Island"... - Yeah. I'm done. Was a blessing in disguise but, like, I literally don't ever wanna date anyone else. I'm good. Yeah, that was more than enough for me right there. Yes. We got the answers that we needed, and we feel confident in continuing our relationship as a couple. Ugh! After "Temptation Island" when we came back to the house, I was willing to work on things with Kady just 'cause I'm forgiving, and she was still trying to act, like, lovey-dovey, like she cared for me, and then she's like, "Hey, so you're gonna be really mad at me." And I'm like, "What?" "Johnny bought me a flight to New York." I'm just thinking I'm such a dumbass for not putting my foot down and ending it earlier. She's gonna go to New York, expect me to take care of her cat and dog, while she's up there having a good old time. She's delusional, and I'm like, "You gotta get the... out." Ezra did so good at the dog park today. - Hi! Awesome. - I've had a lot of support from my friends, my family. My roommate Jennifer has been a huge help. I am never gonna date a girl that brings me down like that. Whoo! If any people are out there and they have a significant other that just bring them down like that, you need to run. I mean, your person is out there somewhere, you know? Me and Katheryn have been kinda keeping in contact, just kinda touching base, but she lives in Nashville. I live in Texas. I'm not very good with long-distance relationships. I'm just taking it one day at a time. I'm trying to lean on my friends, and as hard as this experience was on "Temptation Island" and breaking up with Kady, I feel that I have, um, great plans ahead. Cheers for John, to health, wealth, and happiness. - Wealth and happiness. - Cheers to that. And to John's package! - Cheers! - Cheers! I went into "Temptation Island" hoping that this experience would give me the answers on if John was the one for me or not. - Your apartment looks good. It's coming together, baby. Since John and I lived together, it made breaking up a lot harder because I was still talking to Johnny, kind of pursuing things there, and he felt like, "Okay, that's disrespectful. You need to get out of my house." Johnny and I continued our relationship after the island. I flew to New York and saw him. You know, I think that the distance was our biggest factor. Our romantic relationship fizzled out, and now we're just friends. I'm literally all alone. You know, I'm 30. I'll be 31 in a few months. - I know. - We were just talking about that last night. Ugh. - I know. And so, you know, that's really scary for me to be starting all over at this age. I never in a million years thought that I would be here. I'm getting a lot of backlash over things that I said about John. I stand by what I said, and I stand by how I felt, 'cause it's true. I don't have any regrets. I don't wanna settle, and I'm glad that I chose the path that I've taken. Even though it was hard and it was painful, um, it was the right one. Being back in Chicago, I'm just really focused on doing my music again. Music has always been my true love. I'm gonna be working on some solo stuff, so, like, I'm super excited about that. Let me just hear it all together. After the last bonfire, I was super shocked with the outcome. Nicole felt our relationship was surface level. Um, that was kind of a slap in the face to me. So we both decided to separate, and I ended up moving out. It was kind of frustrating, but I just kept telling myself, I just need to get back to doing my thing, so I have my clients. I'm training, building my business and trying to get out here and explore, maybe date. Good. Brittney and I's connection was super real, but I think, you know, something's still missing, and for me, dropping everything and going to L.A. is just not... it's not in my plans right now. Bring your chest out a little further. I truly do just wish the best for Nicole. At first, I think we kind of tried to avoid each other, but, um, it's not an issue anymore. There's no bad blood between us, so... we're cool. - This view! - I love it. Oh, this is what you've been looking for. Being back in Chicago, being a single woman, there's a lot of things that I'm just focusing on for me. I think it's a smart choice, honey. I mean... - Yeah. - I'm proud of you. You're doing great things. I'm currently moving out of my apartment, and being able to buy my first home is just something that I wanna have marked off my bucket list, and I can live independently without having to rely on somebody else. I was so sad when I heard you talk about the butterfly in the tummy feeling. I cried. I was so sad, because you know your dad and I dated in high school. I think that's the guard and wall that I had up. At the bonfire when I told Karl I do wanna go separate ways, it truly felt like a weight was lifted off my shoulders, and I could just be free. The whole entire "Temptation Island" experience opened my eyes, and I learned way too much to just revert back into something I was comfortable with. Tyler and I are still in touch. You know, we're just friends at this point. Tyler really opened my eyes to a level of self-worth that I was kind of lacking in my relationship with Karl. But now at this point, I wish the best for him and I'm hoping that he wishes the best for me. - I am having a girls night. I just wanted to check in. I'm single, and going through a breakup, you want a new look, and I just felt like the long, dark hair... It's just a new me. - Oh, my God. Your hair! - I know! - Whoa, it looks so good! - Do you love it? - Yes! - I know. I love it. At first, it was really hard. Like, I was devastated. But it's such a blessing, and I'm very glad he's gone. Let's go hiking. Come on, baby. I got Nova to replace him, and Nova's so much better. I'm hanging in there. Life is different. I'm just sad that you had to go through that, but that's what you had to go through... - Yeah. - To figure it out. He stole 10 years of my life, like, all my 20s, and he doesn't even feel bad about it, so I'm more upset about that. Like, I haven't received one "sorry." Actually, I lied. I received a DM, and it said, "I'm sorry for the way things have shaken out." That's what I received after 10 years. Never, ever did we ever... ever want you to marry him. "Temptation Island" woke you up. - It definitely did. - Your eyes are wide open and... - I'm not blind anymore. - Yeah. When I think about Evan and Morgan together, I think they're in fantasyland. I think they're really caught up in the moment. I think once all of this kind of settles down, I definitely think it's gonna fizzle out for sure. So you want actual omelet? - That sounds so good. I love that you always know what I want in my eggs. Ghost, are you happy, buddy? - He's so sweet. After the last bonfire with Kaci, I, you know, got Ghost and got my things from L.A., and now I'm out here on the East Coast in D.C., and it's, uh, it's been amazing. - Hello! - Hi, Ghosty! - Hi, guys! - Hi, baby! Evan, so good to see you! It's so nice to be welcomed into a family like hers. You know, Morgan's parents just want Morgan to be happy and to be with someone that loves her and will love her forever and to care for her. You know, both of my daughters, I think, have wonderful men in their lives right now... - Mm-hmm. - That... that we're happy to have all of you. You know that means the world. - We really do. - And I love you. - Hi. How are you? - Hi. Good evening. Welcome to Mele Bistro. Follow me. I know where I wanna be in 80 years. Love you. I know exactly who I wanna spend every single moment of my life with, and it's Morgan. - Yeah, of course. Yeah. Oh, my God. Stop. He's just such an amazing person. He's my everything. Look at it. It's so pretty, Mom. - So pretty. - So beautiful. Come on in here. - Come in here. I know. I just wanted the ladies to... - Hug Mommy. - Ah, that's awesome. It's so nice to be welcomed into a family like hers. It's just... It's all I've ever wanted. I got you, baby. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 