Temptation Island: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Temptation Island 
 s1e9 - Romantic Getaways - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Temptation Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Romantic Getaways - full transcript 
 An overnight date off the island triggers emotions as the couples face the end of their journey. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on... I feel like even if you did see something you would like to explore, I don't think you would explore it. I was a little judgmental and not trying to open up in the beginning. Now, hey, whatever happens, happens. It's weird for me to even say the word "boyfriend" right now. I just don't really feel the love. I've spent a lot of my time with Tyler, and I'm ready to put it into action. - You troublemaker. - I've tried so hard 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to remain faithful in this position. Like, I feel like I'm being selfish and I feel like I'm embarrassing... - No, but I get it. Doesn't matter what he does. That's not your game. - I love John, but I really, really like Johnny. Now that I'm seeing what Kady's been doing, I think that I can bring those walls down and really get to know Katheryn. What are your intentions with myself? Well, you already know I asked you to be my girlfriend last night. It looks like he just gave up on me and gave up on us for someone he barely knows. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're not gonna tempt me. It's just, like, so mind-blowing to me. Like, I really, like, can't even, like, wrap my head around it. He just said, "You're my girlfriend now" to her? Yeah. I just don't understand how he could just forget, like, everything that we've been through. Like, our whole life. - Exactly. - I'm, like, really embarrassed. - Don't be embarrassed, babe. - Don't be embarrassed. - He should be embarrassed. - I'm so embarrassed. - Kaci... - This is a reflection of his character, not yours. - Like, we have a home and dogs. - Yeah. We have, like, a life. We were gonna go, like, traveling when we came home. My birthday is next week. Like, what's wrong with you? So sorry, baby. So what'd you all think? Last bonfire... I'm glad it's over with. At the end of the day, we all know what we signed up for. There's not shit I can say or do from this point. Conversation has to be had, and then, Javen, seeing you all be strong, like, I want that, you know what I mean? So that's what I'm looking for. That's crazy, 'cause honestly, like, when you guys were getting in that fight when we met all the singles, like, I looked at Kady. I was like, "Man, that seems like it's gonna really not go well," you know? But it's crazy to see that you guys are the ones that are surviving this thing. Thank you. I appreciate you guys' feedback. I can't speak for the other gentlemen. You know, they have their own path, their own journey, and they seen what they seen. It's not something for me to elaborate on, but nothing but positive vibes coming from my end. At the end of the day, I love my baby girl. I had a wonderful journey. Hi, gentlemen. How are ya? - Doing well. - Good. - Ladies, good morning. I'm glad to see you all. Well, you've all been through a lot, and if you're still struggling with the question that you arrived here with... "Is my partner the one for me or not?" I'm about to offer you a very unique opportunity that hopefully will get you closer to finding that answer. You're about to choose your final date. Now this isn't a regular date. This is a very special overnight date. It's also a very important decision because whomever you don't choose is going home... today. So, Evan, who's going on the final overnight date with you? Get over here. Come on. - Mm. Everyone always says, like, when you know, you know, and that's how I feel with Evan. We have a couple more days before he's gotta make his, like, final decision. I'm pretty confident in what his decision will be, but you never know. All right, John. Katheryn. - Wow. - Finally. - Thank you. Yeah. - Katheryn hasn't been available to you until this final date. Do you wanna officially get rid of this thing? - Thank God. - There we go. - I'm-a throw it... - Free. There we go, right in the pool. Oh, man. When I initially was blocked from John, I didn't think that there would ever come anything of this because he has a girlfriend, but, you know, I've let my guard down with him, and I feel like every day, his feelings... they're growing, and mine are, too. - Javen. - I'm ready. I would like to take Kayla. I would like to take you on my final date. - I would love to. - Thank you. She said yes. Okay, Karl. Brittney. Things are evolving surprisingly quickly with Karl, and I don't know how to play it, because my natural instincts for someone that I'm that much attracted to is, like, literally just to climb all over them, so we'll see what happens. All right. And then I turn to you three... Hannah, Erica, and Rachel, you can say your goodbyes, and then it's time to leave the island. Goodbye, everybody. This is definitely a bittersweet moment. I'm sad to leave the house, but everyone that was chosen for their final dates definitely deserves this. Whoo! - It is very quiet in the house. - Yeah. But you're not gonna be here for long. It's time to go on these incredible final dates, and I'll check with you soon. You can head on out. Nice. - Hey. - It's gonna be so much fun. Guys, I can't believe it, but we are almost at the end of this journey, and it is now time for you four to pick your final dates. It's also a really, really big decision for you guys because whomever you don't pick, their time on the island ends today. Okay? - What? - Kaci, we'll start with you. Who is the lucky guy? This is very, very hard, so I need to pick wisely, and I am picking Val. - Val. - Kace. - Okay. It's Kace. I think Kaci needs somebody who's confident, who's loyal, who's a king. I'm on the throne here, people. I'm on the throne. - All right. Let's go with Shari next. Um... I'll take Justin. I feel like I am a 100% temptation to Shari. She's strong. I think she can hold her own and not be tempted, but I feel like she... She likes to let it in a little bit and see where it takes her. Okay. Nicole. All right, Tyler. Miss Kady, you're next. I knew you were gonna say, "Miss Kady." - Did you? - Yeah. Unfortunately, we have to say goodbye to you gentlemen now. I wanna thank you on behalf of everybody for the contributions that you've made. Travel safe. It's time to leave the island. Thank you. - Travel safe, Jack. - All right. - Take care, guys. - Good luck. - Bye, guys. Although it is sad that we do have to send the three guys home, I think we're all just focusing on the four guys that we are gonna spend time with, and I always have a good time with Johnny, so I'm looking forward to a night alone with him. Well, couples, you're in for quite an adventure. This is not a regular date. This is a 24-hour date, and it's a chance for you to take the connections you've already made to another level or explore these connections more intimately. Have a great time. I will check in with you soon. You can head on out. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Thank you. I definitely feel like spending 24 hours with Justin will take my experience with him to the next level that will allow us to connect more. But I've never spent 24 hours with another guy besides Javen, so this should be interesting. - Are you ready? - Yep. Got my arms? Val is a perfect person to go on this date with. He makes me laugh, and I really need to prepare for worst-case scenario and just get ready to face the music. Honest, true answer... what did everyone say about Evan? - Uh, yeah. - Honest. Well, no, I keep it honest for you all the time. He's a... guy. We all feel like he's a little bit of a scumbag. You know? - Yeah. I really, truly think that he's just caught up in the moment with this girl, and I actually feel bad for her. I am the one that he says is his forever, and this is another girl that he's gonna break her heart. If anything, I realize that Kaci's still really strung up on her man, and I know she loves him and I know she means well for him, but I think she needs to move on. So I wanna show her a good time. Two for you. I-I believe in you. Yeah! That was really good! I'm just out there having fun. You know, I did my thing. We did a little sailing. You got this. - I'm out here. - Muscles. Proud of you. - Relaxed a little bit. Caught a tan. I'm looking better than ever. Ha ha! - Yeah, that was okay. I just completely ate shit. Oh. I think I'm gonna stay down here, honestly. - I'll come down here with you. - Yeah, come hang out. Come hang out. - Finally away from the villa. - I know. - All right, well... - I'm so happy right now. And I am so yours. I mean, you changed everything. We just started here, yeah, but we have some real things we gotta talk about. - Together. - Together. I gotta go to D.C., I gotta meet your family. You know, we gotta figure out, you know, Los Angeles and how that'll work and... - It's gonna work. - Oh, it's gonna work very well. He likes me! - Oh, my God. It's way past like. Girl, you are it. You are it for me, and I can't let you go. Whenever I'm, like, with Evan, looking in his eyes, like, I have no worries, no nothing, but whenever I'm, like, away from it, I worry, of course, that he's got, you know, somebody else that he still has to break up with, and, I mean, that stresses me out. My feelings with Morgan and my feelings toward Kaci are very different feelings. Kaci's trying to settle down and, you know, she has that ticking clock. She wants that family by 30, you know, and Morgan's on a different timeline than Kaci. She's just kinda like playing it by ear. I'm not gonna lie. It turns me on. Hello. How you doing? - Hi! Oh, wow. - Hot towel for you? - Sure. Thank you. - Oh, we needed that. I'm like... Walking into the hotel, I just thought, "Oh, my gosh. I'm holding hands with John alone." - Should I wear that tonight? - Yes, you should. It was really nice because I've never experienced just a raw, authentic honesty. I just feel a real, genuine connection with him that I've never felt with anyone before. I wonder what they have out there. Are those freaking dolphins? Oh, my God, John! - So cool. - I'm gonna cry right now. It's just a crazy feeling how close I feel to Katheryn. It's still a little weird just because of the fact that I came here in hopes of me and my girlfriend would still be together. I felt a connection with Katheryn that I really tried to fight, and now we're at this point. It's just kinda crazy here the world will take you. I'm gonna cry! - That is awesome. - I'm so excited! I've never even been 5 feet within a dolphin. Growing up, that was my favorite mammal. I'm so excited. - Katheryn was ecstatic. She was going nuts. - Oh, my God! Aah! - Wow. Made me really happy that she got to experience this with me. - Nice job! - I kissed a dolphin. - Good job. Best kiss of the day. Yes? - Good boy. Good boy. - Best kiss of the day. - Yeah. You hear that? - This is crazy. - Yeah. Our own little beach villa. It is like a little villa right on the water. - Oh, shit. - Oh, cute! - Oh, wow. - Aw, look at that! Oh, my God. So pretty. - Oh, man. Look at this. - I know. It's so cute. I'm looking forward to this 24-hour date with Johnny, but at the same time, I'm really sad realizing that everything is coming to an end, and I have a hard conversation that I'm gonna have to have with John, and so it's bittersweet. This is beautiful. I really don't want this to end, though. I know. Me neither. I'll be with you no matter what. Reality's gonna be here soon, though. There's a lot at stake at this point. I really have made an emotional connection with Kady. It feels kinda weird because, you know, this is coming to an end, and I know that it's gonna be between her boyfriend and I, and I'm more afraid to kind of lose everything. Like, I'm ready for reality. - Same. But I'm not ready to not wake up and have you, like, in the same house as me. - I know. Like, it's just a weird bittersweet, you know? I know. I think that I'm just having a lot of emotions right now when it comes to try and decide if John is the one for me. He's somebody that I love and we have a life together for the last three years, but at the same time, I've never had fireworks with John. I feel like with Johnny, I have a sparkler that could possibly turn into fireworks. Things are happening for a reason, and, uh, life's crazy. Life is so crazy. So look what we have. - Oh, my gosh. - I'm not gonna lie. I'm kinda scared. I've never been in a helicopter nor have I been near one in my life. It's gonna happen. - Sit back and enjoy the ride. Ohh! Oh, my God! Oh, my gosh... I chose Kayla because Kayla has been the most supportive person throughout my journey. She opened me up like a book, and she helped me just express my feelings. But to be honest, I wish Shari was here with me to share this experience. - Oh! - Oh, my gosh! I definitely have an attraction to Javen, and I came into this experience wanting a relationship, but I got a really good guy friend... Something I don't have. You know, I'm not walking away from this empty-handed by any means. Feel that lifting sensation straight in the spine and then drop your fingers in between your shoulder blades. And open your arms. I keep, like, pinching myself because I'm like, what's happening? I'm dating other guys. Like, I just never thought this would happen. But at the same time, I feel like me and Justin have great conversation, and it keeps me on my toes, and that's the part that is a little tempting. So these are the Power of Love Cards. They say a higher power will guide you to the right... Pick the right card. Like, things are meant to happen, right? - Mm-hmm. - All right. It says, "You are developing the skill to distinguish love from fear and truth from illusion." I mean, I feel like I came into this just with, like, the fear of, like, my boyfriend's perception of my own life, and... - Mm, to be yourself. - Yeah. - Yeah. - So I feel like now I'm just, like, learning that I have to choose my own path no matter what. - Absolutely. - Yeah. You pulled that card for a reason. I feel like it was meant to be pulled. I feel like it couldn't have been more perfect. More perfect for the situation. I feel like me and Shari's connection is playful, and I think there might be a romantic twist if she feels like opening up. So it's just up to her when... And what she wants to do. No matter what, you have to listen to yourself and don't hold yourself back. - Yeah. - I love it. That was perfect. - Oh, my God. - Are you kidding me? - This is life. - So happy we're here. This is crazy, huh? Look at this. - Oh, my God. We're gonna have so much fun. Crazy. Hmm? Nicole and Brittney are two completely different people. Brittney's very sensual, um, she's in touch, and she's very intellectual, and that comes with experience. - Hi! - Nicole... She's 25. She has a lot... A lot of life to figure out. Nicole seems very bottled up, and I fight to get that out of Nicole, but, you know, we'll see where that goes. Karl and I went on our first date, and pretty immediately, like, our chemistry was insane. And we've been kind of imagining what the next date would be like, but I don't think either of us could have dreamt this up. I just feel blessed to actually be experiencing this with someone I'm growing to adore. Feels really good and natural. - You look beautiful. - Thank you. I don't think Tyler is 100% my type physically. However, the emotional connection that we've built really outweighs that for me. Thank you. I think I was a pretty hard shell in the beginning, and he had to kind of break down my walls to get me to even open up about myself, let alone my relationship. - Ohh. - What do you have? - It's so quiet. Like, this is... I love it. I'm honestly so relaxed right now. Like, it's hard to spend 24 hours with anybody. - Yeah. - But, like, with you, it doesn't seem like it's going to be that hard. - Yeah. - You know? I like that Tyler makes me feel comfortable. With Karl, sometimes I'm afraid to speak my mind, but when I speak with Tyler, I feel like I can really put my raw feelings out on the table. This trip is coming to an end, and, like, I'm definitely 100% gonna miss it. I can't imagine, like, losing you in my life, because it's like how much more could I be growing? Like, give me... more time, and, like, I will, like, this is like an appetizer, you know? - Oh, it's time for bubbles. - All right. Don't mind... - You got this. Don't get my... Ooh! - Boop! That was, like, the best, like, pop I've seen. Best I ever did. Where you're from, do you say "pop" or "soda"? - Soda. - Really? - "Pop" bothers me. I'm not gonna lie. - I say "pop." - "Pop" bothers me, but I'll accept it for this... For this... So how you feel overall? It's been an amazing experience. How are you feeling? Where is your head at right now? Like... Honestly, all through this whole experience, I feel like it only brought me closer to my girlfriend. That's awesome. - I came. I conquered. I learned myself. I met some awesome people, and I'm just ready to give her all of me. Like, it's time. - Oh, my gosh! To that. Like, seriously, that's huge. Congratulations. - Shari's so special to me. I know how I feel, and I know how deeply strong our connection is, and I've proven to myself, not only to myself but to Shari that she, without a doubt, is the only woman for me. I love her to the moon and back. - I'm so proud of you. Thank you. - So... - Yeah. Ask me questions for once. Um... I asked you what your biggest pet peeve was. People who are stubborn and won't be open-minded. - So yourself. - No. One thing that I like about Justin is that he challenges me. We both don't really take any... Take any shit. So it's like it's kind of refreshing to be on a date with someone who's gonna, like, give me that, like, intellectual debate that I haven't been getting. So, like, basically after this whole experience, do you think you're prepared for the worst? Obviously, it's not something you want, but if it happens, it happens. It's not that I'm, like, easygoing about it, but I've been dating one guy my whole life, so, like... And do you think that's a problem? No, but I feel like it's harder for me to open up to the opposite sex more. - Yeah. - Any girl would feel that way that she is with the same guy for, like... eight years. So do you think you're ready to settle down after this experience? - I mean... Like, 100%, like, "I went through this. I know all the answers"? Um... I don't know. I love Javen. He's the person that I've been with for almost a decade, you know? But now I'm in a completely different head space, and honestly, um, I'm not sure how things are gonna end for us after this experience. I wasn't expecting for it to be this much of, like, an emotional roller coaster. I can't wait for this with you. And I know you know this, and I know you're scared. Not scared for me. - You're scared for me? - And I'll let you know... Yeah. Scared for you. - Why are you scared for me? I mean, you have to understand. You've got a lot of shit you've gotta cover. You gotta literally move someone out of your life that's been there for nine years. I know, and I've been trying to tell you that, like, I won't let you down. Everything that comes out of Evan's mouth sounds amazing. He's a sweet talker, and I trust him. Like, I really do, but I think that when he's in front of his girlfriend of nine years, wanting to be with him, it's gonna be so hard for him that I don't know if he's gonna make the right decision. - Little pineapple salad. - Yeah. I'm actually excited that you chose me... - Good. - Because I always wanted to tell you, you know, the real deal. Yeah. No, it's just like, I honestly feel like I've been, like, going crazy. No, when you were getting crazy was when you were guilting yourself into thinking that you were wrong. I don't know. This is, like, such a strong statement, but it's like I almost feel like he never loved me. But I have to, like... - You really feel that way? I don't know, 'cause it's like how could you be in love with someone and do this to them? I wouldn't be able to do that. I don't wanna cry, but, like, I wanted to make him proud. Am I wrong? - You look beautiful. Your hair's really nice. - Thanks. - So let's take this... Let's take a toast to you. - Thank you. - This is gorgeous. - This is beautiful. If it was up to me, I'd spend every day with Nicole. We just like doing the same things. We like being around each other, and I'm just 100%, like, intrigued by her. It's like she's vulnerable with me because I give her that comfortability that she hasn't had. How are you feeling about... Karl now? Um... I just feel like... I've learned so much here about myself and how it applies to our relationship. - Right. - And I don't really necessarily have faith that he's experiencing this journey in a similar way. We may just, like, love in different ways, and, like, want something different in life, and I think that's what I'm realizing. I love the person I'm with, but I'm not deeply in love. - Right. - And I want that. Tyler has really opened up my mind to what a real relationship could be. Like, I could feel the love. I could feel the passion. - Do you wanna get out? It's getting kinda hot. - Yeah. - I think it is important to experience both an emotional and physical connection with somebody that you're dating, and I think that paints a full picture. Let's enjoy the rest of this night, 'cause this is potentially our last night, you know? Yeah. Let's go. - Cheers. - Cheers. Mmm. Doesn't it feel like forever ago that we had our first conversation? It does. I just remember I felt like a kindergartener that couldn't stop feeling ridiculous. - And looking like that? - Yeah. Looking like what? - Like that right there. - Yeah. Sorry. Don't be sorry. Things are coming to an end, and I don't feel like I could slow down at this point with Brittney. Um... I don't know where things are gonna go. But from here on out, I'm just gonna live in the moment, and I'll deal with the rest of it when the time comes. Having somebody like you fuel me with what, you know, those things that are missing just says to me, like, all right, "You need that." Ooh, I adore you. I just wanna eat you up sometimes. You have, like, a thousand layers. You keep letting me see them. - Mm-hmm. What else do you wanna do? I'm done. I'm done. There's serious sexual chemistry here, and I see this 24-hour date as an opportunity to really just be together and be with Karl, and hopefully, he can just let his guard down and, like, truly express how he feels about me because obviously, he wants that just as much as I do. Oh, my gosh, how cute! Did you set this up? - I did. John is so special to me because he is a little bit older, and he's confident in his honesty. - Cheers to our first date. - Yeah. Finally. I feel like he's the real deal. He's a good man. He's kind. He's genuine. Putting your heart out there is the scariest thing you could possibly do in life. There's no medicine for it. Today has been absolutely amazing. I mean, it's not every day that you play with a dolphin, which has been a dream of mine. - Mm-hmm. And then you walk into a beautifully lit dinner. I just really don't want, um... I don't wanna feel as though you're here with me just because, you know, of what she did. I don't wanna feel like the other woman... - No. That you're using to get over her. No, no, and I wouldn't want you to think that, like, you're a rebound. And, um, I've decided that, like, I really do deserve more than Kady, um, somebody like you. So... I think that after we get back home, I'll get you a flight to... To Fort Worth and just take it from there. Well, if you need me to help you move Kady's stuff out, I will. Hey, I'll be like, "Katheryn's more than willing to help you move all your shit out of..." - "She's a really nice girl." I find Katheryn very attractive because she just has such a great sense of humor, and she just doesn't seem to be the judgmental type. - Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. - You're welcome. - Thank you. You're welcome. Kady's basically belittled me as a man, and I can't wait to confront her and just call her out on her bullshit. - Oh, my gosh! How absolutely gorgeous! It's been the best first date I've ever had before. - Really? - Uh-huh. Katheryn just seems to like who I am as a man, and she doesn't seem like a woman that's gonna try to manipulate me or try to mold me in this person that I'm not. I mean, she's making me realize I deserve so much better than Kady. John has been an amazing, honest guy, and I just... I was just thinking it can't get better than this, and then it did. Look at this place. - So cute! - Look at that. Oh, shut up. Wow. I've never felt my heart jump to somebody else so quickly. We had some intimacy the night before, so I'm looking forward to the rest of the night. You're crazy. When I was younger, I just liked them slightly toasted, but now that I'm older, I like them, like, charred. You just have a flaming ball of marshmallow. You know, when I came to "Temptation Island," I wasn't really expecting to make any type of romantic connection. Instead, I meet this girl who really just hits the nail on the head when it comes to what I'm looking for in a partner, and then hopefully her and I can continue to see each other. - Hmm? - Do I have stuff... I do have all the butterflies for Johnny, but John made me feel that same way, too, in the beginning, and so I need to just keep that in perspective. I like Johnny a lot. I love John. I have to figure out the type of man that I want to be with for the rest of my life. How do you feel about like, you know, this being over? I'm looking forward to getting home and being with my dog and kinda getting back to normal life. So you're looking forward to going home and seeing your dog. What about your... What about your man? - Obviously, I mean, you know, where I stand with that, so... I know where you stand now with it, but do you feel like you have the strength to walk away from what you have right there? I plan on, you know, have those discussions with him, and, you know, let him know how I feel, and it's gonna be harder, obviously, if he's, like, trying to make things work or he... he still wants to make things work. Right. You know, there's just something missing. I'm missing that... - Yeah. That deep, in-love feeling, and, um, anyway, enough about him. I know. This is the most we've ever talked about him. - Seriously. - But it's the last night probably, maybe one of the last nights we're gonna spend together, so I figure we'll just kinda hit that nail on the head. I'll be here for you throughout whatever you need to do. Yeah. Are you ready? - Yeah. - You look nice. I do? - We have food. - Thanks. This one-on-one time is important to me to let Shari know how I truly feel. I don't wanna be just a friend always, and there's only so much I can offer in a friendship and so much more I can offer outside of a friendship. So when's the last time your boyfriend took you out to, like, a romantic dinner? Um... I feel like I'm more of the planner in the relationship. - Mm-hmm. - I mean, I'm not gonna lie. Like, there's certain aspects where I kinda want him to, like, create a scenario. - Mm-hmm. I don't know. I feel like one of my favorite things is that he's my best friend and he understands me. - Mm-hmm. - 'Cause, like, we've grown up together. - You're 25. You only know one person, and you still haven't had that space of learning from this experience and growing with that and seeing if each... - Whereas he has. Yeah, well, he has, but you haven't. Yeah. I don't feel like Javen and I would be here if it wasn't for his infidelities. I definitely did come here with a goal, and it wasn't to fall in love... or have an emotional connection with anyone. I can't stand you. - Morning. You feel okay? - Yeah, I feel good. It's really pretty outside. There was like a horse out here earlier. I don't know if it's still there, but... - Oh, cute. We were... - Just kinda walking around. I'm feeling sad that the 24-hour date is coming to an end. And, I mean, I care about Johnny a lot, but I was thinking about John a little bit on my date with Johnny. Obviously, I haven't talked to John in a long time, so I don't really know where his head space is, but I mean, I still respect him. I still love him, and I'm gonna have a lot I'm gonna have to figure out, so, you know, I guess we'll just hope for the best. Wow, this is absolutely gorgeous. It's beautiful. In what lifetime do we get to wake up to this stunning, beautiful island? Katheryn and I had a great night. It was our first date, but at the same time, it felt like it was our 5-year anniversary. Waking up with John, I just felt incredibly happy. I felt thankful. But there is a part of me that I feel vulnerable. If he says he's going back to Kady and I never get to see John again, I'll be absolutely devastated. Are you planning on having a conversation with Kady? I know it's a conversation I have to have. I just don't know exactly what I'm gonna say. I don't know, like, what she's gonna say either, and that kinda drives me crazy. I feel like I came in with too much confidence about our relationship, and then it was just embarrassing and humiliating to see that she cheated on me on national TV. Well, what if she, like, doesn't want the relationship to end and she says that what happened, whatever happened was a mistake, and she begs for you back? That's gonna be a tough one. If I'm being honest, like, this whole thing is still scary because you did make a comment last night where you said that it usually takes you a while to get over people and relationships and that you still have love for Kady, and those are obviously concerns for me. Yeah. He can't leave here with her. I want him to know that he deserves a beautiful, mutual relationship. It kills me that she talks down to him and says he's not a man or would make a bad dad. Like, that breaks my heart for him. And I hate that he had to hear that, because I would never say that to him. He's such a cute, cuddly teddy bear. It would break my heart to know that he's with someone like her when... when he could be with someone like me. Oh, man, Val. At least I'm not scared anymore. - Good, and that's... That's very important. I personally think that Evan's gonna be very sorry. I don't even know how I'm gonna look at him. Speak to him as if it's like you met someone at Starbucks, and they, uh, they skipped the line. You know what I mean? So you gotta show a little bit of 'tude but at the same time... - Not so much? - Be nice. Yeah, be nice. I really want, like... So I don't know. Like, I hate that I'm still in love with him. I really do. I hate it. Talking with Val gives me clarity. A week ago, I was terrified, and I feel strong, and I feel confident, and I'm... I'm just ready to handle this shit. - He's gonna be very sorry. - Yeah. And, uh, he's gonna run back to you crying, and you gotta be ready to... To hold your own. I really hope, like, I just come out of this, like so on top. He made the biggest mistake of his life, and I want it to haunt him forever. I'm a badass woman, and I'm gonna kill this, and I'm gonna be a beast, and everything's gonna be fine. Now let's forget about this guy for a little bit. - Sounds good. - And go back to the villa. Sounds like a plan. - You're up. - Good morning. - Good morning. - How'd you sleep? - Slept all right. Got up early, though. Just tossing and turning a little bit. Yeah? At the beginning of this journey, I was, you know, kinda resisting temptation. I had my guard up. Nicole and I... we both agreed no sex, no kissing. I didn't expect to be tempted at all, and I gave in. - How you feeling this morning? - I'm good. Just hungry. - Just hungry? - Feeling refreshed, though. You don't feel anything else? - I slept with Brittney. I don't feel proud of it. I'm kinda guilt-tripping myself, but... I don't know. There it is. Morning. Last night actually felt amazing to just be together, but as this is coming to an end, I'm thinking more and more about the fact that he came here in a relationship, and best-case scenario would be for him to end his relationship and for us to naturally see where that goes, because I absolutely want him in my life after this. What do you think she's thinking right now? Probably wondering a little bit of what I'm doing. I'm gonna be 100% honest and tell her about my experience, so... - Yeah. - You know, it's kinda scary, but at the same time, it's so real and you have to... I feel like you have to share. I think Brittney's an amazing person period. But at the same time, I haven't stopped thinking about Nicole since the day we got here. She's still on my mind. Every step of this way, I still love her, and in the end, I just hope we can work things out. - What's happening? - Hello! We flew to Oahu, and guess what was at the hotel? - What? - Dolphins, man. We got to get in the water with dolphins. I literally kissed the dolphin on his mouth. - It was cool. - It was so amazing! - Hey, guys. - What's up, man? How you doing? Can you come over here around the other side of the bar? Oh, man. I'm glad to have you all together. I'm sorry to interrupt what looks like the start of a party, but I have some quick business. I'm here to tell you that... ladies, unfortunately... this is goodbye. What? Your time on the island has ended, and I want you to keep in mind that, depending on what these gentlemen decide at their final bonfire, for some of you, this could be goodbye forever. I'll give you a moment to say your goodbyes, and then you can gather your things, and it'll be time to leave the villa. Okay? Come here. Come here. This does not feel right to me. This isn't what I expected. This isn't what I wanted. - We knew this. - Yeah, but not right now. I don't know how to explain what I'm feeling right now, but it's not good. Do you think this is a goodbye? I don't know. I literally just went on a date with you. Having my first date be such an amazing experience, and then being told that there's, like, a possibility I won't ever, like, hear or talk to John again... and that's the scariest part for me. Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 