Sex Life: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sex Life 
 s1e3 - Rope, Tits and Tears - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sex Life (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Rope, Tits and Tears - full transcript 
 Ordinary people with extraordinary sexual desires learn the ropes from a Japanese bondage expert, find their Tantric soul mates, and empower themselves through pole dancing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Don't care what you think about it ♪ ♪ Ain't here to please nobody ♪ ♪ I'm the one they run for cover ♪ ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Mend my wicked ways ♪ I'll get you into trouble now ♪ ♪ It's just so hard to behave ♪ ♪ Got you seeing double now ♪ I'm the one your mama told you ♪ ♪ I play the one as torture ♪ ♪ The risk you cant afford 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Get you into trouble now - What are some of your favorite things to do in the bedroom? - Wow. Um. [ laugh ] My favorite thing in the bedroom would definitely be... I'm so different. It depends on the day. - So I've always had this thing like the whole idea of being like tied up. - I have been tied up in the bedroom. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I kind of like that. - You've tied me up. - Tied her up a couple of times. - I have a couple of like restraint things at my apartment that we've dabbled with. - Trusting your partner to like take care of you and keep you safe is like a very intimate experience. - Yeah, like that's a big thing for me being tied up. And then having like multiple girls, like two girls. Maybe one like sitting on my face and the other one like sitting on my dick, that we kind of tight. - I'm a little light on the BDSM stuff, you know, but I'm into it. - I am Brittany. - I'm Mark Simon. - I'm Romane. - Scott. - Flossy. - Sonali. - And this... - And this... - And this... - And this... And this is my sex life. - Take it or leave it. - Honey? - Time to get up. - It is? - Mm-hmm. - Why? - 'Cause we get on a plane and go to San Francisco. - Oh, yeah. - Excited? - Yes. You know what's in San Francisco? - Did you get enough sleep? - No. That's what the plane's for. - Right. Let's go. - Okay. Let's go. - She wants us to bring all the rope that we have, right? - Yes, sir. - Okay. Look at that. Still tied up because we haven't done any practice since we got the book. So now that we get to go down and see her and get some hands-on teaching, we'll actually have her sign this book, she'll teach us what we need to know. What else do we need to bring? - Don't forget to bring the flogger. I think that's gonna be really good for us to have. - This one? - Yes. - Okay. - That or that can be a dominatrix and maybe our really nice paddle. - Paddle. - There you go. - And what about the cane? - I don't know. You think we should take that on the plane? Cane on a plane? - Cane on a plane? Hey, I'll cane you on the plane. - Cane on the plane. - Is that part of the Mile-High Club if I cane you in the bathroom? Is that part of it? You don't wanna go through TSA with this? - No, I don't. [ laugh ] - The term "Shibari" is to tie. It's Mr. and Mrs. [ inaudible ] tying each other up, engaging in a romanticized fantasy and having a good time. Fuck it. In Shibari, think of a rope as an extension of the person's body. I only have these hands and these legs to wrap around you. But what if I had miles of me to hold you down with. It really can feel like the rope is an extension of desire, that the rope is an extension of passion and want. And that particular flow and desire, it's really seductive. - We're leaving foggy and dreary Seattle for some sun in California. - Get ready to head out. Get on a plane. - San Francisco, here we come. What's your expectations for today? - Biggest challenge for me is having been a sub for as long as I have and transitioning and flipping that to a top, I'm that part of the fear of like I haven't done it. Okay, what are your expectations? - Same thing, I expect to learn something about myself, something new and different that I don't normally have. - That's a good answer. - Rope play could bring people closer in their relationship if they're willing to talk about what it is that they really want. But I want to emphasize the communication. And I want to convey to them about the point of this adventure, which is about shared and co-created pleasure. - Here we are. - Hello. - Hello. - Hello. Welcome, welcome. - I'm Lady P. - Hey. - And Remy. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Please come in. - Thank you. - All right. Here we are. How are you guys doing? - A little nervous. - Yeah. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Yeah. Excited, nervous. - Okay. So the objective here is to get you some good solid skills so you can do naked homework. - Okay. - Thank you. That's a good reminder. - Okay. - That helps me be like okay. I don't have to be perfect at this. - No, you're not. In fact, you're not gonna be perfect. I always assign naked homework. Because in a teaching environment, there are certain things that are really not appropriate to happen. For many, they get really nervous. Oh, am I going to have to do things like suck dick? Or am I going to have to shag and fuck in front of the teacher? I'm like, no. No, today we're practicing for your receiving? - Yes. - And you're casting? - Correct. - Okay, great. When it's good for you, what would I see in here? - I think it's probably easier for me to describe when I'm not having a good time. [ laugh ] - Oh, now do you see a problem with that? - Yeah, this is gonna be a challenge. - The only bad rope bondage there is is when all people are not having genuine fun. This is for shagging, love, romance and pleasure. I can give you the good tools by which to navigate that. But I cannot tell you the things you will encounter in your own adventure. - That's a good way to put it. - Choose your own adventure book. - Right. [ laugh ] - Mm-hmm. I often share an actual rope bondage scene as opposed to a technical demonstration. I want people to understand the emotional and intimate impact, the human impact, of this. - Hi. - I'm Remy. - Hi. I'm Lux. - Nice to meet you. - Pleased to meet you. - I'm Lady P. - Hi. Lux. Pleased to meet you. - I want to keep the technique simple. I'm gonna share with them what a scene could look like with my fantastic assistant. Okay, so in terms of receiving rope, what is it about receiving rope that you like? - Hmm. I love receiving rope because of the dominant aspect of it for me. - How are you feeling today about a crotch rope? - Oh, yeah! - Yeah? - I really like the functional put me in my place kind of attitude with rope. Use it to like really bind me and restrict me so that I can wiggle, but I can't get free. The things that I really love with the rope, I have a great connection with the top. And I can really feel their power coming through. Also, I'm like restrictive and helplessness is always fun. - So what happened with Lux? It's all about wrapping my partner in my intention. So, you know, if you pull your wrists up... - Oh... [ laugh ] Whether devouring them, shattering them, holding them, loving them, my hands, my rope, all of me vibrates through the rope. Conversely, their quivers quiver through the rope into my hands. And when they want to let go and surrender, it's my entire being that's holding them. And if I'm cinching or if I'm releasing or if I'm tightening, it is this duet. - Please, Midori, please, please, please, may I come? - Yes. - Oh! Oh! Oh! - And she has an orgasm. - You're having even more fun than she's having, which was-- I won't say it surprised me. But, I mean, that's cool. It's a dance. That's what it is. It's more of a dance. - I think he says to me halfway through it, he says, "Sure you don't want to be bottom?" [ laughter ] - He knows how much I love it, right? I was just like, "No, I want to be the top." Like that's actually really hot. - You're gonna be top, eh? - Yes, I am. - What level of attire or non-attire are you wanting? - I'm good with the attire I have on. - What about him? - I would like to see him in his underwear. - So, here's the thing. If you're going to be topping, do you make a request that is wimpy? [ chuckles ] - You gonna ask or are you gonna tell? - I want you in your underwear. That's what I want. - Okay. - So you're gonna be in your underwear. - All right. [ laugh ] - For somebody like P, who's going to be topping for the first time, be clear and simple. - Right here. - Okay. - Well, something's extending. Always remember that when a person's experiencing joy, they're sex high. And when we're sex high, we're stupid. And if we're sex high and stupid, keep it simple. Here's what I want you to do. Stroke that rope across his body. You don't need to tie anything. The rope is an extension of your hands. The sensuality of rope bondage comes down to touch. So if a person's casting or topping, they're touching the entire body of the person. The cinching of it, the releasing of it, continual touch. There's a tactile sensuality and there's a command sensuality to it, an assertiveness that is in service of joy. You're winding it around his body. It can go between his legs. - Is there anything I should be doing? Just enjoying it? - Enjoy and just respond, and whatever it is, you reflect the way you are. It's all about the skin. It's all about the muscles. Look, rope gives an opportunity to cop a feel. That's kind of hot. There. So, where do you want him? Because the thing to think about in rope bondage is not how do I want to tie, what are the knots? But what's the utility of this position? Are you gonna hop on his cock? Are you going to take a ride on his face? Are you going to turn around and go reverse cowgirl? What are we doing? - Okay. - There are many, many glorious tasty things that people get out of being tied or tying. For some people, it might be orgasm. Some people, it might be having a meditative experience. Making a partner's fantasy happen or a little rough sex, they get to play a little evil villain in the bedroom. For the person being tied, it can also be a stillness, of being so present in a way that they've never actually noticed what their skin feels like. Watching her unfold into her power and watching the flow of pleasure happen between those two-- So if you wanted him to go in the other direction, which hand would you use? For me to watch them stop worrying if they're doing it right, that is like the best thing that can happen. [ slap ] Like that! [ chuckles ] - I'm feeling hot. - In the undoing, you can play as much as you like. You're creating sensation with the undoing. To know that one belongs, to be able to let go of responsibility and sink into a sensuous pleasure, that is a sweet, sweet place. - Hi. [ laugh ] - Hi. - This is new. This is never before. How are you feeling? - A light-headed, a little fuzzy. - You look really happy. - I feel like my arms are still bound. I can feel like they're still in. - Do you need me to hug you and hold you? - No. I'm just regaining my space here. - Okay. [ crying ] - I'll get you water. Thank you. - Thank you. - I love you. - Yeah, I didn't expect to get so emotional at the end. So it was weird, but it was cool. - I think that was the moment when I was like, oh, this was really powerful for us. To see you go through that, I was like, oh, this is amazing! - Do you want to go through the homework? - Yeah. I think it's cool that she said I was the only one to take notes in the book. - To take notes in the book? - Uh-huh. - Naked homework means that you and your partner are going to go back to whatever you're most comfortable environment is. They have to actually immediately jump in and practice. - What is it about the rope bondage that you like? - Well, some of the things I didn't think of I would like is the sensation of the rope when you were bringing it across and wrapping it around my body, and I could lightly feel it. I like being able to just surrender and not have to think about what to do next. I don't want to think. That's a favorite for me. So it's that type of things that I--I want to stop thinking. What about you? - Being in control. I didn't realize that I would like it as much as I did, which is good. I now have this new path to go down and experience with you. Will you please put my shoes on me? - No. You didn't ask the right way. - Put my shoes on me! - What kind of mood do we want today? - I would like to ramp it up a little bit. It was playful and fun. I think you are still trying to dip your toe in the water. I'd like to have you a little bit more forceful. - I want to get you there and keep you there. Thank you for describing that. Which color do you think looks best on you? I think-- I want to be able to have him experience the same thing I experience when I'm being bottomed. My thing is, I want to be a good top for that, to be able to help him through that journey. Being dominant, but yet at the same time, being caring about it. - May I touch you? - What are you gonna have to say? - May I have some pussy, please? - Yeah. I'm not just like, "I'm gonna make you do what I want you to do!" I'm gonna make you do it, but I want you to do it willingly. - Do it right there. - I like that I got into that, got some space. Yeah, that was super hot. I'm still speechless in how it's such a clearing house for whatever I had going on in my head. So physically, I was able to let go. You were like a kitten. - Oh, oh-- - I could tell that you were so deep into it and I was so happy for you. - My favorite part is when you got like the super confidence that you got when you're topping me. - Phew! - Well, that was a good trip to San Francisco. - Awww-- - Are you glad you came, came again? - And again. Ding, ding, ding, goes the trolley-- - It's a kinky trolley. - Yeah, we wanna make it that way. - I didn't expect this to be that impactful on my body or my emotions or my mind, my heart. - That was really powerful. Almost like wearing your strap-on for the first time. [ laugh ] - Thank you, Midori. - Thank you, Midori. - How would you describe your sex life? - Active, but I'm nervous talking about it. - I have a good sex life. - Unreliable. - I could have some more sex. - Uh, okay. - How would I describe my sex life? - Woo! - Well, we're having sex once a day and it is really helping with our marriage. - How would you describe our sex life? - Delightful. - Fun. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Yay. - I'd like three times this morning. - I'm having sex about twice a week. - I haven't done anything since the second week of January. And now it's like, what, March? Feel like a born again virgin. [ chuckles ] - I have never had sex before. - Sometimes I'm having a lot of sex. Sometimes I'm not having that much sex. - I feel like our sex life has grown as we begin to trust each other. - I'm not as active as I was when I was in my twenties. But physical love is still just as sweet. - Ahhh-- [ laughs ] - We're all experts at intimacy avoidance. How do you connect to someone when you spend so much time being disconnected? - Feel the feminine current that starts to flow within you. - Let yourself have fun with this! - Having intimacy, having a sense of a real connection with another human being, takes practice. - Hi. - Hi, everyone. - Thank you, everyone, for coming to Tantra Speed Date. This is going to be your special pouch with beads. So you want to wear that like a necklace, like I'm wearing mine. - Thank you. - And then pick up one of those cards. Follow the instructions on the back. - Thank you so much, guys. - Welcome. - We teach conscious sexuality classes all around the world. And one of our most popular classes is Tantra Speed Date. - Have you ever done any kind of speed dating-- - Never. - Oh, you're in for a treat. [ laugh ] - We're gonna spoil you tonight. Is that okay? - That's great. - Tantra Speed Date is not about sexual connections. Singles get together and practice mindfulness exercises with a dating component. It's fun, it's energizing, it's healing, it's beautiful. And everyone leaves feeling full of love. - Welcome, everyone, to Tantra Speed Date. Everybody take a deep breath. - Ahhh-- - So let us just take a moment to hold an intention in our hearts that everyone that came here tonight find whatever it is that they seek. This is gonna be our first game. It's a group game and it's called Introduction. So tell us your name and then why you're here. - My name is Kwabena. I've done this once before. It was a phenomenal experience. I met great people, good energy and why wouldn't you want to do something like that again? - This is first speed dating and I'm very curious person, so I'm very excited. - I'm a performance based artist and I like to say I love speaking multiple languages not just with words, but song, poetry, dance. All are a form of language. Because I'm single, I'm exploring all different options with regard to meeting people. I was in a four-year relationship and it wasn't a very healthy relationship. And I was not being honest with myself about what I really wanted as a woman from a partner since that relationship ended. It's been a continuous journey and me saying yes to me and connecting with people that I wouldn't normally think to connect with. - So I'm going to ask a few women to take another step in and join hands with your sisters. And I'm going to ask the men, please join hands on the outside circle. Tonight as you step in to hold the masculine pull, your mission is to create a solid container for our ceremony to hold space for this event and to hold space for the feminine. - For me, connection is the life-giving experience that's really important to establish human connection. And a lot of times, people are swiping and you can't really get a sense of how someone is with you. - So take a deep breath into your heart and, on your exhale, send that breath down the soles of your feet, down into the center of the earth. Please open your eyes and turn around and place your right hand on the heart of the man in front of you. We created this event, which is, you know, geared as a dating event where you learn relationship skills. In the process, you're interacting and practicing those skills with a partner. - The first station is our Mirroring Station. It will begin by rubbing our hands together, rubbing your hands together and--oh, faster, faster, faster. - You get to see how do I react to these skills? How am I at learning these skills? And how is my partner at learning these skills? And do we have a chemistry when we're working together? - Harder, harder, harder, and stop! Put your hands facing your partner as if you're looking at a mirror image of each other. Women, you can move any way you want. Men, mirror her movements. - I'm Lillian. I have a fairly new dating history. I was in a relationship for eight years. And then I've been single for like a year and a half. I tried dating app for the first time. When you meet up on a dating app, you're meeting to sit down for tea or coffee or drinks or whatever to determine if you want to have sex with the person. [ laugh ] Like that's kind of right away sort of on everyone's mind. - If your partner is smiling, you're doing it right! - And in this kind of a situation, it's more like how do our energies vibrate with each other? - All right, and at some point, your mirroring will find you mirroring each other back into hands and now must stay. - Oh, so fun! I came here tonight because I am opening myself up to finding my life partner. You got like the rock star thing going on too. That was like-- - Oh, yeah, with the little-- - Yeah. I get to explore and I get to stretch beyond my comfort zone. - Men, close your eyes. Women, reaching for beads. - The women choose. If a woman has interacted with a man that she wants to connect with again, she will take one of her beads from her pouch and place it in his pouch. - Sit down. I hope you remember how to play. So as you hold hands, you can lean backwards and forwards. But feel how good it feels to play backwards and forwards. - I got so connected to my inner child. And I just became such a fun experience, you know, with this person that I had never even met before. Then just be laughing and just enjoying each other's presence, it was beautiful. [ laughter ] People don't talk to each other. They don't know how to communicate. [ laughter ] So actually, intentionally creating experiences that allow for that, that kind of connection is so important. - I see that your joy is ecstatic dance, and my joy is doing yoga. - You can get on a subway and be this close to 100 people in a tiny box and manage to not make eye contact with a single person. - This is such a different experience than meeting someone off of a dating app. Being able to be guided in the way in which we got to connect, making eye contact and touching each other and laughing together and playing together, there was the presence of something really special that I haven't experienced in dating before. - Aahh-- - Make yourself as cozy as you desire. The idea is to think of him as the ultimate teddy bear and ask for what you want. [ laugh ] - I want to be held right now. - Women, I invite you to take a deep breath into your feminine presence. Allow a vision of your future self to come to you. I invite you to imagine how your future self might be. If you had access to this type of masculine presence from every man, how would your future self be? What kind of world together we could create? - The truth is that practicing connection is a skill and we're not taught. - Thank you. - Real human connection, vulnerable connection, and to be able to be authentic with each other is just a beautiful thing. - I invite you to imagine this woman that you hold in your arms was once a little girl. - He had such a strong presence and I felt like I could just let myself go. And I started crying and I wasn't expecting that. - And we'll take three more breaths in this pose. I want to thank the men for making this energy available to us tonight. [ music ] - Stripping is awesome. It's basically just dancing and they happen to not have their clothes on. So what's the big deal? - Oh, we love strippers-- - Oh, yes,-- - We've been to numerous strip clubs, or just one. You have only been in one? - I don't know. Yeah, I know, we like strippers. - We like strippers. - I think if a guy stripped for me, that would be really interesting. I've had it happen once. - Pole dancing? I'd be so down for it if I had any rhythm or strength in any of this. - I strip for girls all the time. Like I walk around naked. I've always been the dude to like take my shirt off and stuff, you know. I'm super down to strip, yeah. I'll strip. Shoot, I'll strip right now. Y'all wanna see something? [ laugh ] [ music ] - Women come here... carrying a lot of responsibilities, spending all their time folding the fuckin' laundry. Life is dull and it is an infinite expanse of folding laundry. And they come here and they are part of this world and this community that is this magical sisterhood of being seen, of being heard. - The Strip Cabin is an event that I hold for women only. And women from all walks of life, from all over the world, come together for a weekend of total freedom to be the woman that they really are inside with no concerns about impressing their boss, their mom, their grandma. It's a place that women can come and strip down all the limiting narratives that they tell themselves and just open up and be who they really are and who they really want to be. - What are you looking forward to for this weekend? - I'm looking forward to like getting sexy with a bunch of women. I think that'll be fun. I don't get to do that that often. When I hang out with my friends, I'm not like putting on sexy clothes and spinning around on poles and dancing. What if I come home with a girlfriend? - Okay. - Okay. - I get it, yeah. I mean, you'd probably let me know before you get home. - I will. - Okay. - The past year was really challenging with my husband being sick, me becoming like the primary breadwinner. We were in and out of hospitals and he's finally getting better. And I feel like I can take some time for myself to just go have this really awesome adventure. One of the things I'm really hoping to gain out of this experience is being more confident and comfortable in my own body. Yes! I did it! Respect a goddess when you see one, especially in the mirror. Strip has a double meaning, so while you are here, you will see a lot of literal stripping. But it is also a metaphor for a greater stripping down of the walls that we erect around ourselves. Because most of us feel all these feelings, emotions and thoughts and we close the doors in front of that so that we don't draw attention to ourselves, so that we don't look stupid. Pretty cool, right? Someone coming to Strip Cabin for the first time, the general feeling is, "Ah, I'm scared. Damn it! Let's do this." - Two days. Love you, Babe. - All right. I love you too. - I want to have an experience that it's kind of like a dream, but it's real and it's happening. And I get to show up and just be a part of it and find new parts of myself that don't get to come out very often. All right, I'm on my way to pick up Abi. I'm excited to meet her. Because she's been before and I kind of want to pick her brain a little about what it was like for her. Because it was clearly good enough for her to want to go back. I see Abi! I see her! Uh-oh, wait. Hello! - Hi! - How are you? - I'm good. It's good to meet you! - I love your hair! - I love your hair! - Oh, my gosh! And your nose ring! How was your flight? - It was good. I slept. - Oh, good. Could you tell me a little bit about what it's like or what to expect? - Nudity. - Okay. - First and foremost, there will be tits. - So why do you like to go back again? - I found a confidence I never thought I would. - Wow. - Which was weird for me because I thought I was good on that department. My first retreat changed my life completely. I wasn't expecting to have this like aha moment or enlightenment, if you will. I went home and I quit my job. And I broke up with my boyfriend and I enrolled in school. And everything changed for me. It was super positive, super happy. My biggest challenge this time around would be to really, really let go of some of that extremely deep stuff that I don't want in my life anymore. I'm looking to get rid of that and I think I can do it this weekend. - Most will know me as Lux ATL, but before there was ever a Lux, there was a little girl named Lindsay Burton from Danville, Virginia. And I don't know if you ever been there, but if you rearrange the letters, it spells Eviland and that's apt. And you know what I was good at? That was school. So I thought, "Well, hell, let me get a bunch of degrees in English and, that way, I won't have to face the adult world and, at the end of this road, I'll have a doctor in front of my name." You know what? That's what I really wanted. At the same time, I had developed some notoriety on the internet as Lux ATL with my pole dancing videos. I did not even know exactly what I wanted to be, but I'll tell you what I didn't want to be, and that was in an office with no windows. Hello! - Yay! - And that's how a little country girl from Danville and former university instructor and lifelong stripper started hosting all women events in a cabin in Tennessee. - Hello! - Hi! - Humping, humping, humping, humping! - Hi! I'm so happy you're here. - You're gonna have a blast! - Oh, my gosh! It's so cute! - Party starts at eight, so that's when you wanna be sexy, sexy. Okay, okay, and then we're gonna dance. - Ooh! I gotta learn your booty moves! - I got you! - Oh, wow. - 110%, I got you. - You get home, your husband is gonna be like, "So how many more retreats can we go to?" [ laugh ] - One choice. - So this is it? - That's the back. - It's very difficult to love and accept yourself in today's world, especially as a female, because of all of the messages that we receive from our surrounding society and from media itself. It's empowering to be here at Strip Cabin because everyone is very, very accepting of each other here. - Oo-la-la! - No, you don't have to be a stripper. You don't have to be a dancer. You don't have to be anything to come to these retreats, and that's the beauty of it. It's for everybody truly. - I'm looking forward to some of the people who have been here before showing me the moves. - I'm just here to have fun, get away from the family, have just a ladies weekend. I'm looking forward to learning how to bring out my sexy. - The entire message is about accept yourself the way you are. And love yourself the way you are. And don't compare yourself to anyone else. - I'm ready. - And it's just really fun. It's really fun to dress up. Makes us feel good. - You know what? I think that Orianna Grande was right. God is a woman! [ music ] - The newbies are 100% ready to fucking go. They are feeling themselves, they're excited, they're so stoked. I mean, I guarantee that tonight is gonna be a very good one. I know Leah is gonna be letting loose, and you know what? I think I'm gonna have to teach her a little something or other on the pole. How about that? - So how you feeling? Are you getting nervous? Are you excited? - I'm really excited. I feel less nervous, but still a little nervous. - I'm excited for you. You're gonna have fun. It's really a blast. - Howdy, howdy, howdy! Hi! It's Strip Cabin time! If you are in the mood for Strip Cabin, let me hear you say Amen! - Amen! - Amen! Huggies, huggies. Aw, beauty. So the first night, women are really getting to know each other through this party. Most women will, at some point, get up and dance. Most women will end up in some level of undress, even the ones who say they never would. So, my friends, I'm so happy that you're here. This is the Amy show, my sweet little homie from Nola. This is the Lexie show which is a goddamned good one! [ laughter ] - A woman like me, you see, we are just the same. This world cannot stop us. Going hard with no shame! So when you look at me and you see something great, know that I am looking back and I'm thinking the same thing. So when you look at me, baby girl, see you. Here's to you! Strip Cabin! - Woo! [ music ] - Live! Live, Jessica Rabbit, live your life! - Regina's a good one. - I saw her. - Can you show her how you man handle the pole? - I don't know how to do anything. - Stripping at Strip Cabin can be exhilarating for women who have never done anything like that before. It is very liberating and it's almost like you're shedding fear. - The first time I got on the pole, I was thinking I might fall on my face. - And slide your hands down at your hips. Go side to side. Yeah! - I decided I would give it my all. - And a gentle little pivot-- - Then go pivot. - See what happens? - Then pull up. Okay. - If you can hold yourself like that, you're good. - Yes! Yes! - Woo! - Yes. [ cheers ] [ overlapping chatter ] - Yes! Yes, bitch! [ cheering ] I think this one's got explaining to do! [ laughter ] [ music ] - Oh, my gosh, really? - Boobs on boobs. - Woo! - This is blowing my mind. - Boobs on boobs. Boobs on boobs. - I like that. It's been an amazing experience of being around some incredibly beautiful beings that are very comfortable in their body. - Baby's gonna go down on you! - I'll usually kick off this party just like in the olden days. This is not cutesy, performative, no. Like I'm me as a stripper, the real deal. [ music ] I'm putting boobs in peoples' faces, okay? I'm rolling around the floor. - I'm still speechless. I don't know where to put my hands. What do I do with my hands? I kind of wanna touch her, but maybe I'm not supposed to. And she just kind of took over. She's incredible. - Thank you. [ cheers ] - I'm gonna shuffle the cards three times. - Three times. Okay. - And then I'm gonna lay them out for you in three stacks. - A lot of these women, they ain't be heard in 17 years. They ain't looked at themselves in the mirror and thought anything good about themselves in a real long time. - You just put them back into one big stack however you want. - And this isn't the minority. This is the majority. - The energy is a little scattered right now. It's because you're refusing to compromise. - I like to come to these retreats because it's an outlet for me to kind of regain and center myself. - As much as you are inherently have a fierceness, you don't have to show up armored. - In 2017, I went through cancer and didn't tell hardly anyone that I was sick. I wore a wig so no one knew that I was bald. - However you are that day, fuckin' own it! Show up like that's you! - Like I put a wig on, but it wasn't the same. When I took the wig off, I was still bald. But I viewed myself sort of the way I was before, but you walk by a mirror and you glance. You see a stranger looking back at you. I lost who I was. - And it's sort of like I have to defend my home. I have to protect what is mine. - Lux actually extended the offer to me following a tragic event with losing my youngest daughter. - You're rising up out of the depths. You know, she's coming out of the water. They're both coming out of the water. You have been in it. You've been deep in emotion and you're rising. - She just wanted to give me something that would be comforting to me and just come into a community where people can put their arms around me. And I can just talk about things that were affecting me. - We have our bodies policed a lot. Being a plus-size person, my body is policed pretty heavily. - It definitely changed my life. I've gone through a lot of trauma. - These few months of my life, I've been really stressful and very like depressing. - We all want to say, "Oh, I love myself and I feel great", but we're all here because there's some things we don't 100% love. - Okay, there have been times it didn't show up. I did try to trust. I wanted to believe, and it didn't happen. But you're in a new place now. - I've forgotten that I don't need to feel so gross all the time. I need to remind myself that I'm a strong person and that I am worth being here. - So I kind of know all these people, so I'm just like, "It is true about her, isn't it? She does take the weight of the world on her shoulders after all." - Yeah. [ laugh ] - Damn, man, I didn't expect to feel that way, but yet here we are. - Strip Cabin! - Strip Cabin! - Tits and tears! Tits and tears at the Strip Cabin, everybody! - This workshop, Strip Craft, is foundational to my career. I am a former university instructor, a lifelong stripper turned itinerate preacher for women's empowerment through sensual awakening. The first half is what I call a feminist sermon. It's like the female empowerment motivational speech of your lifetime. We are taught that it is ugly to do this sort of self-reflection on the ways in which we are great. We are taught instead that it is noble and honorable to think about all the fuckin' ways you suck. Now that we can respect. They love it. They love it when you list your flaws. Here's what I wanna tell you. Don't let all of your beauty pass you by with everybody in the world seeing it but you. It's already in you. There is nothing that needs to be invented! There is nothing more that you need to be! It is already there! Just find it! I won't tell you it will be easy and I won't tell you that it will always be fun. But sometimes it will be. And then the second part is movement, sexy movement. We're rolling around the floor, we're rolling around with each other. Are you nervous? Take that shit out of your head! Put it on the shelf and be that woman that you actually know is inside. - Day one, everyone is coming with like, as you would meet any stranger, like a sense of anticipation. And day two, every woman unfurls her layers a little bit. It's beautiful. - There was that sense of I'm covered up and I'm ready to not be. I feel at home. I feel at home with these women. I feel at home myself and I just want to like invite more of that out. I still have those voices in my head that are judging me and are self-conscious and are questioning the freedom I allowed myself today. If those voices went away, I would walk through the world completely in myself, aligned with my truth and feeling pretty fucking amazing. - Woo! - And this is Strip Craft. Thank you so much. - Woo! - I feel a part of me did get awakened and opened and allowed to express itself. And now that I've had that experience, I can re-access that space of true freedom and liberation and self-expression. - Like something broke open in me and it's there now. And I'm not gonna lose it. Thank you so much. - It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how I choose to identify. It doesn't matter how anyone else sees me. Because there's a space in me that it just is and I can access that. So all of the definitions and labels and boxes cease to exist when I am in that space. - Let's start over by that window. - Okay. - I always tell people I'm an okay photographer. I'm an expert at getting people comfortable in the front of the camera. So it's my job. It's what I do. - Peel! I love just like that. That's perfect! Yes. Close your eyes again. When we go back to the real world, it's really hard and it's really jarring. Because we're in this nurturing little happy bubble where everyone is telling us we're beautiful and everyone is helping us. And then we go to the real world where lots of things suck. And I think the photography is the important part of it 'cause seeing it again can help you bring back those emotions and feel that sense of comfort. - I can't wait to see the pictures! It's always so exciting for me. Thank you. - So we had this killer dance party. And I think, after being here all weekend with these amazing people, I was just really ready to dance my ass off. So we did and it was so fun. It was amazing. If you just look at a few images of this event, it might look like girls gone wild. It's not like that to actually be here at all. It's more about stripping away the layers that keep you from being who you are. And the clothes are just an afterthought. - First things first, I'm gonna start loving myself again. I lost that for a minute for the last few months. And this awakens for me, refreshed, that feeling of being confident and supporting myself. I matter, I am important, and I don't have to be afraid of what people think of me, period. - I'm happy you had a good time. I told you it was gonna be easy. - It was. You were right. Actually, you were right about pretty much everything you told me to expect about the weekend. You were spot on. It has been even more amazing than I thought it was gonna be. - Yeah. I'm so happy to see you doing so well, and I'm really proud of you. - It was your fuckin' fire under my ass, so thank you. - Yeah. My pleasure, man. I love you with all my heart. - I love you too. Thank you. - I appreciate you. - I appreciate you. - Thank you. - So people often wonder why we take our clothes off and why there's nudity involved. And the answer, I think, for a lot of us and a lot of women is we have a lot of trauma involved with our bodies, self-hatred, self-loathing. We've been victimized physically and it makes you lose this connection with your body. It makes you view your body as this enemy. We are so indoctrinated into thinking our bodies are a problem. And that's why the nudity matters here. Because this is the place where you see, if only for this brief weekend, where you can see this body is not actually a problem. And it's the only one I have and, goddamn it, I'm gonna fuckin' love it! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 