Sex Life: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sex Life 
 s1e2 - The Strip and the Tease - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sex Life (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Strip and the Tease - full transcript 
 Sex Life invites you to an erotic dinner, a glamourous burlesque show and a three way with a surprising guest. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - ♪ Don't care what you think about it ♪ ♪ Ain't here to please nobody ♪ ♪ I'm the one they run for cover♪ ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Mend my wicked ways ♪ I'll get you into trouble now ♪ ♪ It's just so hard to behave ♪ ♪ Got you seeing double now ♪ I'm the one your mama told you ♪ ♪ I play the one as torture ♪ ♪ The risk you can't afford 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Get you into trouble now - Open relationships, I don't know if I could do it. I'm sure it would be very hard. - My true fantasy would be to have like a group experience of diverse people, incense burning and music playing. And the lighting is just right. - I had a, like, semi-orgy. I did please, like, eight guys at once one time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So that's like a little low-key orgy. - What intrigues me about the orgy is you're in an atmosphere of we're there to have a good time, we're there for an adventure. Let's light it up, let's fucking burn this place down. - I definitely want to just watch. And just be like, wow, wait, wait, wait, did you just do that? Okay. Wait, let me take notes on this because I'm gonna do that. - I tried an orgy when I was younger, and I was just like trying to lick someone's ass, because there was nothing else available, you know what I mean? - I'm Matt. - I'm Pat. - I'm Lisa. - I'm Ainsley. - I'm Daniela. - And this... - And this... - And this... - And this is my sex life. - Ha. - Let's get our freak on. - For the mushrooms? Yeah, it's going to be for the mushrooms, yeah. And might have to add some butter and oil, but we'll know in a few minutes. - Okay. - This is something. I don't know how to describe it. I don't know how to talk about it. It's an experience that we can't find anywhere else. [ giggling ] - Ooh, look what she has. - What about kohlrabi? Ah. Do you have any with the stems still attached? - No, no. - Okay, that's too bad. Think about one of the best dinners you've ever had in your life. Ah, here we go. What is one thing that would improve that dinner? My answer is sexy people. Almost done. Do you know if you have any whole green cardamom? I didn't see any in the spice rack. One of my good friends got married in Paris. Yes, I am a local chef. When we got back we wanted to do something... Take care. That was comparably glorious for them. We sat down and came up with the things that we knew that they enjoyed, and it was good food, good wine, and lots of tits. All right. And it just became a debauchery for them. I was in the kitchen by myself for hours. As the dinner progressed, it went from being like a normal dinner where you go to somebody's house and people are kind of like "I only have three more hours to get through this" to "Oh, my fucking God, this is amazing." Let's do this again. So, in addition to the 14 course meal, we will have the staff gradually undressing. We don't play below the waist, but the guests can. What you'll see is adults expressing their sensual playful selves however the hell they want to do that. You're going to walk out of here so fucking turned on, it's going to be dangerous to drive. - I could wear something like this. I love retro clothes. Our Gourmet Life gives people the opportunity to do something that is out of the box for them. And in that they might find so many possibilities. I don't think life is meant to be comfortable. I am trying to, like, modulate pushing myself into that place of fear. Finding that sweet spot where you feel challenged but still being true to yourself and what you want. Okay. Okay, let's see. Elissa and I haven't known each other for that long, but we have had a couple of very hot dates. The first time we played, I left her with some really big bruises. And so, this'll be a fun way to, like, introduce her to some people that she doesn't know yet and to some things that she hasn't done yet. It's one of those events where, like, I don't have huge expectations, but the possibilities are really hot. - I am going to Our Gourmet Life with Laurence, who is my partner but he's not my husband. I am married. Laurence is also married to someone else, and we are going together without our partners. I think that you can still have commitment outside of monogamy. Like, I like to have relationships with lots of people. You can either do that in a shady way or a not shady way. I think it's good to have, like, different experiences with different people. When you're in a committed partnership, it's really easy to get into ruts. There's whole facets of your personality that, like, come out when you meet someone else. Having someone else unlock that can bring that to your primary live-in partner and bring excitement to your life. Like, that's the fun part. - So, option A, option B. - I still like the boots. - Yeah, the purple boots best? - Yeah. - Okay. - Yeah. That's what I wanna do. - Yeah. - God, I love you for picking the most comfortable option, really. I met Elissa not too long ago. She's new to the Bay area. This is kind of fun. And I know that she's interested in exploring this scene more, and she's done some really intense play. Your bruises are distracting me a little bit. - Oh, good, I'm glad. - Is there anything that you felt like ooh, I really want that? - I'd like to be collared. - Okay. - Yeah. - I love collaring. And collaring rituals, so, like, I'm excited that you're excited for that. - Yeah. - Like, that's gonna be really fun. - Normally, where would you go with this dinner? Like, how far does it... - You know, I have bound someone to a chair and fed them. - Okay. - I did think about how hot it would be to, like stretch you out on the table and spank you there. - Getting spanked over the table is really hot. [ laughing ] To wherever the night goes. - Yes. - Come on out, let me see. I like when we get to get out away from the children and do some adult activities. - I can get behind that. - That's what we need. - Mutually, we agree to explore other aspects. - I think that's it. Yeah. Exploring things. - Mm-hmm. Yeah. - I have a freaky side. - I've seen you with women. - That color. - You're acting like there's no-one else around. - We've experimented with all types of things. The only rule is that whatever we do, we do it together. It works for us. - So in addition to the courses, the intermediate dinner tends to be a little bit more out of control. - Cheers, everyone. - Cheers. - Nice to meet you. - Lovely to meet you guys. - Thank you. - I'm Sparrow. - Hi, Sparrow, I'm Cyphera. - Hi. - As I was telling you about, I was hoping she was here. - Nice to meet you. - Cheers. - Okay, baby. - Tess. And your name? - Laurence, nice to meet you. - Laura, was it? - Yeah. And your name, I'm sorry? - Laurence. - Laurence, nice to meet you. - Bless me, I'm planning to sin. [ laughing ] - For the build in the mouth appetizer, it's a little homage to BDSM. Position one of the guests on their knees in front of the server, and the server keeps their mouth open while you build the appetizer in the guest's mouth. Doesn't let the guest close their mouth until they're ready. - I wonder that churches might be a bit busier if this was the sort of thing they got. - It also gives the server a chance to express their, their dominance, their power. - Bring it in, get a sneak peek at the menu. - Wow, that is a menu. I hereby decree that this is going to be a very tasty dinner. [ glass clinking ] [ cheering ] - Thank you. Most of y'all have been here before, but I'll go over the-- you haven't been here before? - No. - Welcome. - Thank you. - So, those of you who don't know what you're in for, this is an erotic dinner. You've got 16 courses coming you way. When we first came up with these dinners, this is the dinner that we created. And, we've been doing them for nearly 10 years. [ applause ] So, for those of you who haven't enjoyed one of our dinners before, we break nearly every rule of dinner service that exists on this planet. The staff will be feeding you dinner. Enjoy them, because I promise you, they're going to be enjoying you. So, bon apetit. [ applause ] The first three or four dinners, there was a lot of sex. All of the guests cleared everything off the table and they were just all on the table, fucking, and carrying on and all that kind of stuff. And I was like, "But I still have lobster." - Oh, we're getting a strip show. - You can tell me more. - I'm a person that really enjoys intensity. Having an experience that feels epic. What I get from kink is about that. - The goal is to give people the best erotic experience that we can give them. - I guess I should leave you to your food. - There's food here? - Yes. - Oh, yeah. - I want to produce an erotic experience that is the best erotic experience that I can create for them. What they do with it, that's up to them. - Something about someone's, like, warm breath on the side of your neck. - Mm-hmm. - Is really nice. I felt like Elissa was so present from the very beginning. - We're basically the same. - Yeah, basically the same. She's looking for pleasure. She wants it to feel good. And she wants to have an adventure. And I feel good mentoring her a little bit. [ laughing ] Is she your favorite so far? - I think so. - Yeah. - She has a self-possessed sensuality. - Yeah, self-possessed is a good word for it. - Mm-hmm. - Mm-hmm. - Lots to think about. If you're lucky enough... - Mm-hmm. - To be less warm. You're going to have to suffer. Because we're both in open relationships outside of monogamy, we're approaching our boundaries really carefully because we want to be sensitive to each other's partners. For me, my husband is still my life partner. I believe I can have another intimate partner and that doesn't take away any of the good aspects of my life partnership. In fact, like, I think it strengthens them. - She certainly likes to dust. - She does like to dust. - Yeah. - Are there people who shouldn't come to the dinner? Yeah. Nearly every intro dinner, there's at least one couple... to say they were reserved would be generous. By the end of the dinner, they're just as blissed out as everybody else. - Put it in the other hand. - In the other hand? - Yeah. - You are so funny. - We display our affection publicly. We're not overtly sexual, but we don't hide the sexuality. - Seeing him excited excites me. - Yeah. - And he's the same way, he sees I'm excited... - Yeah. - Then he gets excited. - May I run this up the center of your belly? - Of course. Ooh! Nice and chill. - Should we Lady and the Tramp it? - Yes. - Okay. I think this is a... - Which side do you want? - I'll go to the far side. - Oh, thank you for making it easier on us. - Oh, of course. [ laughs ] - Sorry, I shoved... I shoved my boobs in your face. - I think that's a plus. - I don't mind at all. [ laughing ] - That is a beautiful ass. - Mmm. Mmm. - You have a beautiful ass. - Thank you. - It's amazing. Yes. It is. Gorgeous. - It's got a little warmer in here. - Yeah, it's... - What's that? - Light speed. - Oh, quick. - Oh my gosh. - As the dinner starts to unfold, we will have the staff invite the guests to move to a different part of the room where they'll do a caviar service. Guests can do caviar off the nipple. Whether it's their own or their partner's nipple, or one of the servers or somebody else's, then the guests and server start to change the dynamic of their interactions. - Thank you. - Wait, let me take you on tour to the bathroom. - Okay. - Yes. [ laughs ] - I did not expect it to go this much further. - I know, I love it. Part of me just wanted to move and stretch. And it was a way of making sure, like, "Okay, you having fun? Is this good for you?" As soon as we went in there, I knew all those answers were, "Yes, yes, yes." See, now, everyone's gonna see your ass. [ chuckles ] When we were in the bathroom, I felt like I could really feel her in that moment. I had her hands on the counter. And I'm spanking her at a good medium. Let's say, a solid five. Maybe this would be a good time to put a collar on you. - That would be fantastic. - Yeah. Let's go to the toy wagon, see what I can grab. Some of the kind of like sensual attention that the servers are giving, not everyone's gonna like it. - Free yourself. - Which doesn't mean that they're not getting something really erotic and sensual from the experience. - Ules and Tanisha, we can't tell what their experience is by looking at them. - Would you like some chocolate? - All of your senses are being stimulated. The sight, the sound, the smells, the taste, everything... the touch... everything is being stimulated. And it is, for some people, extremely confronting. Even people who don't express themselves in ways that we expect can be having exactly the experience that they want to have. If you're willing to just enjoy being alive, if only for three hours, it's a good place for you. - Let me unveil this ass. - Go for it. - When people say, oh, that makes me really uncomfortable, I recognize that it's coming from a place of fear. And so I don't want to be ruled by that. We're not supposed to stay in our comfort zone. - Mmm. - God, I'm gonna put my hand on you. - I love the blindfolds. - I want you to bring her head up. That's perfect. Good, hold her there. How's everything going for you so far? - It's so good. - Yeah? - Yeah. - So, we're going to move slowly and carefully. - Thank you. - Just listen to the sound of my voice. Come towards me. Good. Do you still hear me? - Yes. - Keep coming. You're going really fast now, you brave girl. Stop. I knew that Elissa was enjoying herself. There were moments later when we started to play where I just wanted to make sure that she is into it in every moment going forward. And she was like, "Yes, please." Let's see what's going on over here. Come with me. [ clicks tongue ] Is there anything you want before I close us and tell you to get in the cab and go home so you can work? [ laughs ] Knowing Elissa had a great time at the dinner is exactly what I wanted. I wanted to enjoy myself, but I get more enjoyment from knowing that she enjoyed herself. Elissa was amazing. - That was so good. The cheesecake, mmm. - I'm power struggling. Thanks, you two. - Thank you. There's a freedom that comes along with exploring your sexuality. That was nice. Anything is possible. - Oh, please. - I hope you enjoyed it. - Yeah, that was great. - I personally find the way to have fun at sex parties is to not have any expectations. To be open to experiences, and to focus on individual interactions. Then anything else that happens is fun and exciting. But those other things are really what excites me. That opportunity to form, like, closeness even if it's for a small bit of intimacy. Even if it's with someone you don't know. - Here we go. - So what do I get out of the dinners? I get to see people grow and play in ways that I wish I could have done in my 20s. 'Cause that venue didn't exist for me. And I get to learn how to be an amazing chef. In my fantasy, and truly just fantasy, we would all be having sex with each other all the time like we shake hands or like we hug. Ah! If money were no object, where would I want to take Our Gourmet Life? [ chuckles ] The world is not ready for that. [ laughing, spanking ] - ♪ Don't you want to make some more ♪ ♪ Don't you want to make some more ♪ - He has a fetish. - I, yeah. - It's gonna be something really crazy. - No, don't do that. Okay, fine, I guess. - It's Cholula sauce. - We would go through, like, a bottle. Like, in one night. - Cholula's not just for the kitchen. - It goes quick. - Oh, uh, years ago, you know, it was, like the chocolate, and of course, the... - Whipping cream. - Whipped cream. Eating out of the navel... - But we were getting fat. - That was kind of... - I had a friend who had to go to the hospital. She had to get the strawberries removed 'cause she couldn't get it. - I've never been naked on a cake. However, if there was an opportunity to do something like that for my husband privately, absolutely. Why not? It's not like spaghetti. - Right. - ♪ Don't you want to make some more ♪ ♪ Don't you want to make some more ♪ [ cheering ] - Burlesque is magic. - Burlesque is sexuality and femininity. - Burlesque is fucking crazy. [ cheering ] - Burlesque in its modern form has taken on new life and meaning. You make it voluptuous, voluminous. You blow it up, you make fun of it. It's a really good form of entertainment. - I figured out a way with burlesque to show my butt without getting arrested. [ cheering ] - Spread your legs and make some noise, the legend and icon, Mosh! [ cheering ] - Burlesque, by definition, is a satire that had stars, the strippers. I say that all the time, I'm just a stripper. But just a stripper just has a lot packed into it. What makes burlesque sexy to the public really depends on the viewer. Could be the way you took off that garment, that glance you gave somebody in the front row. Maybe whatever moment you shared between somebody you hit on the head with your bra, and you let the sensual nature of it kind of move you. So I was born in Moscow, Russia, then the Soviet Union. My parents were elite-level gymnasts, and they became my coaches. And as soon as I hit level 10, I injured my elbow and I couldn't go back. When I create a performance, I never sit down and think, I'm gonna make something new. No, it's usually something that sparks it. It could be a piece of clothing I see, it could be a little clip that I see. And the way that it comes into my head, I'll try to sketch that out as quickly as I can. From there I'll start building the cohesive show with it. Pretty great, too. I ripped off kind of a version of this for a costume. I get to wear the original, too. It's very fun. This was a souvenir piece, but it's supposedly the dressing room keys to Jean Harlow's dressing room at MGM. A lot of the stuff, yeah, I collect because um, in some way, shape, or form it may inspire a shoot or a show. I collect things that kind of flip a switch in my brain. I believe that everybody has their own art form. That's where it started. [ camera shutter clicks ] - Come over this way just a little. Right there. And then out the window. - Burlesque is, in some ways, one of the purest forms of celebration of ultimate female freedom. It glorifies the female form to its utmost potential. I love it. - It's time we saw some man meat here tonight. [ cheering ] - That's right! Behind this curtain right now we have a superstar of "boylesque". [ cheering ] - Ready to come out here... - So many people have this idea of what classic burlesque is. Women in ball gowns taking their clothes off. Boylesque to me is very simply male burlesque. Performing masculinity onstage through striptease. [ Spanish music ] [ electronic music ] - I think people come to see my performances just to laugh and be titillated. It's sexy and edgy. But it's infused with enough humor and joy that you don't walk away feeling like you just downloaded a whole bunch of porn off of Xtube or something. [ audience whooping ] I think performing gives me that immediate sense of gratification. The reality is I don't think we'd be taking our clothes off onstage if we didn't feel like we needed people to acknowledge us or cheer for us or love us. And performing in burlesque is a way for me to create work that I'm proud of, this joy of sexual expression and share with people. The two essential components to burlesque are the strip and the tease. I love creating my costumes. It helps me really kind of personalize the number and get into the bones of the number that I'm going to be doing. You're trying to always be one step ahead of the audience. We all know that you're going to take your clothes off. It's the journey of that, though, that we actually find interesting. Sex is what attracts the audience to begin with. It's that promise of the forbidden. The fear about enjoying one's body is for some reason, you know, extreme. - You're gonna be great. You're gonna be great. I don't know why you're... ♪ Us, us, us, us us Us, us ♪ ♪ Us This is me just practicing the things that I'm gonna do after the show. Hi, my name is Tito Bonito, and I'm known as the Cuban Missile Crisis of burlesque. You want to see my apartment? You want to see the magic that is the Bay of Pigs? So, I have a lot of Cuban influences everywhere because I'm trying to, you know, have respect to my culture. I grew up in Miami, Florida. I was super sexually repressed, especially just being in the closet in a different time where it was just not as accepting. I have a little petri dish of pasties. A little suit and tie. A little heart for when I do Tin Man. Stop. Oh my God. These are so messed up. When I was first thinking about doing burlesque, I went straight to my family. For when I perform tonight. My family, tremendo Cuban, just like, super just like judgmental, they were always like, what is he doing? He's performing porn, but he's dancing? Is he a drag queen? Not even understanding what it is until they saw it. That's when they were like, "Oh, there's nothing wrong with this." You like that? That chubby butty. Chubby butt. My favorite part of burlesque as a performer is understanding that we're going to see all kinds of bodies no matter what they look like, and we're going to appreciate them. You can see this pimple that's happening right now? I don't have to put makeup on, I can just cover it with a tassel. That's called genius. Because I'm not ripped, I'm not, like, shredded. I'm not in shape. My chest, like, caves in. But allowing myself to just own my body and be in that space and that in itself, that's my favorite part about burlesque for sure. I think we're pretty much ready to put on a show. [ sighs ] [ burlesque music plays ] - With my stage shows, I like peeling layers because there's more outfit you can see. So, I'll have the gown on top, the separate parts underneath. Underneath that, I'll have the undergarments. Underneath that, I'll have more crystals. It's like a four piece fashion show. For me, it's really fun. What I find sexy is somebody who finds their art form in life, have a very good sense of humor about it, and about the things that they're interested in. And being very grounded in themselves and their attitude. Everything else is just a facade. [ audience cheering ] - Mosh, ladies and gentlemen. [ cheering ] - I draw a lot of inspiration from these archetypes of Village People and Liberace, performers that sold this idea of masculinity with a twist. [ hip hop music plays ] [ cheering ] - I love that I'm a part of this scene that isn't Broadway, it's its own inclusive but weird off-kilter, pretty, but also kind of deranged atmosphere. [ cheering ] - When I moved to New York, I found something that makes me feel good in my body, especially when I'm on stage. Owning your body and owning what you do with your body publicly, is a really freeing expression for yourself, but it's also freeing for people to experience. [ audience cheering ] - Give it up for Chris Harder, everybody! - I find my inspiration for my performances all over the place. I do the Cuban immigrant number to really show my family story. And kind of tap into that. And just have like a part of my heritage be on stage. And when I'm dressed like a Cuban immigrant, I have a glove reveal, but instead of it being gloves, it's a flotation device. So it's traditional but it's also not. That's what make it an art. It's inherently political just to be getting on stage and taking off your clothing. Poking fun at that really allows people to not take sex so seriously, to the point where they are just like repressing just being themselves. When you hear everyone scream, they're screaming not only for you, but they're also screaming for themselves, so it's just this like feeling of unison that you have with everyone in the show. And whether it's because they saw something that was so crazy that it makes them just be like, "Wow, I handled that and that was okay, and I survived." The idea of making sure that that audience walks out of there a little more enlightened then when they walked in. [ audience cheering ] - Sexuality, sex, drives everything we do in life. We should glorify it. We're alive on earth for a very short amount of time. Just be yourself. - You can explore your sexuality in a lot of surprising ways. You can own your body, and be good enough. - I think it's beautiful and the actual sexual liberation of it, that to me is what especially today burlesque is about. - How would we spice up our sex life? That's a great question. It's, uh, I don't think there's much left to be explored until we, you know, completely turn things on their ear. - Yeah, you know, when you get older things just, we did a lot of stuff when we were younger we just probably don't do anymore. - No. - Yes. - Vibrators, and we used... - Plugs. - Plugs, we used a lot of butt plugs. - Got her a tail for, like, Christmas. I got you last year? - Oh yeah, I have a pretty purple fox tail. - One of my girlfriends, she got me something that I was like, I didn't even know that these existed. So, they're like vibrating underwear? - We got a ring, it holds the penis. - Just being open and being with somebody who's also open is really awesome. Because then, you can just like, say "Yo, okay, jam something in my ass now." It's like, "let's do this." - Sex dolls are, like, the next wave of interacting sexually. Because you're creating an imagination and fantasy with your doll that you don't get in other toys. Sex dolls is a really great way to kind of bring back the fun... [ woman moans ] The playfulness. And laughter. And pleasure. Bringing in any type of toy enhances that eroticism and creates more pleasure. - Hey. - What's up? - What'd you do with the ketchup? - Say what? - Did you really just give me one package? - I saw that hello. - I'm not a baby. - Never said you was a baby. But you don't use a lot of ketchup like me. Bra, I pay attention to you for eight years. If I don't know you by now, then something wrong. - Corey and I met in Florida. I was really attracted to all the muscles. He was really buff then. I don't know what happened, but... - That's a lot of ass. - When we first met, the sex life was amazing. I was just truly addicted to him. And vice versa. It was fireworks. I talked to my Mama today. And I was telling her, I know I'm your wild child. - What is wild about you? - I have tattoos. - What that mean? - I have piercings. - What that mean? - Nobody in my family has that. - That's not wild. If they only knew the shit that we done together... - Our sex life changed, I would definitely say after we had our daughter. I went through a little post-partum. I didn't have the sex drive like he did. And that's when everything kind of went down south. - My level of freak, your level of freak. - What? - Exactly. - When we tried to rekindle it, we started going to hang out at the swinger's clubs. And I have found that to be a turn on for me, just kind of watching other people have sex. And then we talked about having a threesome or would I be interested, and I was just kind of like that's not something I've ever thought about. [ laughs ] So we've been trying to figure out ways to have a threesome and kind of getting me comfortable with having another woman in the room. - We gotta go to the app. - I got this. Just chill. - All right. - See? Here she goes right here. See, I like her all day long. But look how real she looks. - If a couple wants to open their relationship to more partners, but there is a concern, a sex doll might be a really good middle ground for that couple to play with and to explore without putting the relationship at risk. - She could be thick, just find a different one. I'm not vibing with this one. - As a sex therapist, I've used sex dolls in the therapeutic context for a long time. Incorporating a sex doll can really enhance the erotic excitement that goes on. - She even got a little... - She got a landing strip. - Landing strip. - You never want to hurt your relationship. And when somebody means the world to you, you want them to feel like they make you feel like you're the greatest thing on earth, and she does. I'm never, like, not satisfied when I have sex with her. Just don't have that drive no more that we had at the beginning. - I just want you to look at shape and size cause you can customize the color. - Okay. Oh my God! Why she ain't got no head? Who thinks of shit like this? Who does that? Nothing can replace the real deal. But I'm gonna try it because I never want to lose Ashley. It's crazy to say love at first sight, like as soon as I saw her, I knew that's where I wanted to be. - Oh, look at this one. - Oh, shit. Jameson. When we first started having sex, man, we was like rabbits. Now it's like turtles. [ chuckles ] Hold on, hold on. Jameson. Is she a sister? Is she Spanish? - She looks like she's from Brazil. - That would be my ideal situation is to keep Ash and have somebody that she respects. - You could have a threesome right here with that ass. - That's why these dolls, I'm hoping is a good situation. - Mom, do you want it darker than this? - Yeah, I can't even see it. - How's that? - That looks great. - Tell me when you are ready. - Ready when you are. - Okay, and go. - I'm going to show you how to insert a replaceable vagina. You'll need our premium renewal powder, and then when you open it up, it just will stretch right open and then you'll just insert it in with one hand seat it all the way back. We're the number one seller of realistic life-size sex dolls in the United States. And she's ready to go. And I sell sex dolls with my mom. It's pretty exciting. - Just get her cleaned up. Quite a few years ago, I saw a sex doll and I didn't know anything about them. Oh, that's great. But I fell in love with them. There we go. They're so finely crafted and gorgeous, I just knew that I had to bring them to the world. What really makes us love what we do is the fulfillment that these dolls bring to people's lives. - I think she's good. There's a lot of misconceptions about who's buying sex dolls. - Some people have maybe some medical issues like ED, or they've had limited sexual experience. Limited sexual partners. They may be later in life virgins, or they have performance anxiety. - She is thick! - But for a lot of other people, it's more than that. It's such a fun way for men and women to experience sex in a safe and meaningful way. Uh-oh, uh-oh. Knocked your hat off. - Oh, she's so large. - It became easier once I became educated. It became empowering to be able to help people achieve sexual experiences that they didn't anticipate that they could have. - These eyes are really green, aren't they? - She looks so happy to be here. If I can help people enjoy sex, what's better than that? Oh, yeah, she looks really pretty. - I've been, like, anticipating this doll all week. Jameson. So, I'm curious what it's going to look like. I'm ready to see, see, touch and feel. Goodness, that box. So big. I'm sure my neighbors are going to be like, "What the hell?" It's huge! There's Jameson. She's here. Oh, it is kind of heavy. Oh. It's almost like a dead body or something. When Corey gets here, it's game time. - Hey, I gotta go, I gotta go. You in the way, move. I gotta get to Jameson. I'm curious, I'm interested, you know? It's just new. It's new territory. So I'm all for it. I never want to lose Ashley, and that's why I'm like, I'm gonna try a sex doll out. - Babe. She came. [ laughing ] - Yo. - Look how big it is. I'm opening this little box. - It better not be the head. I just feel like it's a dead body. If it's the head, I'm gonna scream. - It's not the head. - Okay. - It's the accessories. Vibrator. - For the doll? - Smart warming wand. It looked like a vibrator. Warming wand. I guess you're supposed to warm the coochie with that. [ laughs ] - When relationships invite a sex doll into their sex play, it's really important to just spend some time with it before you decide to have sex with it. - Oh my God, look how my hands just kind of... bleed into her. Like... - You'll need to get good at maneuvering them, so that you can experience the maximum pleasure before the erections show up. - This is crazy. - Oh. - What? The arms and stuff move. - Oh, shit. [ laughs ] I need some lube and a little warm. I'll be like this. [ Ashley laughs ] - With no head. - Oh, she got a tongue. Oh, thank you, Jesus. So, we gonna go to a hotel later? What we gonna do? - Yeah, let's make it a date night. Make this a night to remember. Having the sex doll is going to be interesting. But I think I'll feel a lot more comfortable knowing that she's not going to come between us and break up our home. I'm excited because it's something new. And I am very open to trying new things. You know, that little dose that I had when we went watching other people have sex at the swingers club just gave me, like, this bad girl feeling. And I just felt real sexy. I want to have this freaky, sexy side. Eventually I do want to get to having couples and swingers parties at my own house. The doll is definitely a baby step, and right now I need to take all the baby steps I can get. Ready for date night, babe? - I was made for this. I think Ashley would be okay with me having sex with the doll as much as I want. I'm hoping the experience from the sex doll eventually moves to something that, you know, there being another person involved sexually with us both. - Corey's always stressed to me, he's a very touchy, feely person and sex is what makes him feel appreciated. So, of course, I want to fulfill every fantasy for him. Just like I would want him to fulfill my fantasies which he really does a great job on doing. - Oh, that was easy. Watch a little TV. [ knocking ] [ Ashley giggles ] - Hey, babe. What are you smiling cheesy big? - Because somebody want to meet you. - Oh, Lord. - Somebody been waiting on you. [ laughs ] - You did good, poppy. [ chuckles ] I'm really really curious to see what it's going to do for us to excite us, so it may be like a nightly thing where we're just having sex all the time, just the three of us. You gotta warm her up. There you go. This is so nice. Oh. [ laughs ] You got to let her warm up. - What the fuck? - I'ma go to the bathroom. Put on this shirt real quick. - When couples use sex dolls as a way to sort of practice or to see what it might look like if their partner would have sex with someone else, it's actually its own erotic experience. - Suck my finger. [ laughs ] Can you feel it? - Yeah, I feel it. [ laughing ] - Can you feel it? - A sex doll brings back kind of that view of sexuality we had when we didn't forget that it was supposed to be fun. So we will turn her around. - Okay. - Hold up. Pull her legs up more so that way... - Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God, I killed the bitch. I killed the bitch! I'm sorry. - You pulled her head off! [ laughing ] - Damn! I'm not happy. - Come on. - Wait, I can't... Can't get into this shit. I'm not aroused, I'm not excited. I'm, like, excited before I got to it. I'm not excited. Looking at you can get me hard. I don't need nothing. Soon as I see you I get hard, you know this. - So why do we need another woman? - We don't need another woman. I get turned on by, like the energy I get back, you know. That's how I finish. - Will you be turned on if you see my practicing eating her? - Anything's better than what's been happening. - Okay, well, we'll try this way first, and I'll, like, get on her, and, like, have my ass up. - Put your ass on her face. Let's try. - Let's try. That works. Put her hand on my ass. - All right. There we go. - We figured it out. - Feeling some shit. - Watching him have sex with Jameson, it was actually a turn-on. I thought I would feel some type of way but like I'm truly, truly turned on. - You want to put the strawberry stuff on her? - Oh, yeah, for taste. Yeah. [ Ashley moans ] - Seeing Ashley perform oral on Jameson This is what I want. That's what I signed up for. - Yeah. [ moaning ] - You didn't leave nothing for Jameson! That was a good experience. - I'm not gonna lie. That was actually good. At first I was just like, eh, what is this? You know, this is too much work. But then once we got into it, I could see the potential. I could see this becoming more so. I think that we should, uh, attempt to have somebody come join us for real. - I could see us actually bringing in another chick. It's like a little threesome with... - The three of y'all, you, Jameson. - Me, another chick and Jameson and instead of him fucking the other woman, he can fuck me and Jameson. Only. [ laughs ] That way no other chick will get dickmetized. Jameson can't get dickmetized. Nobody's getting dickmetized over here but me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 