Sex Life: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sex Life 
 s1e4 - Go with the flow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sex Life (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Go with the flow - full transcript 
 Visit a Millennial sex club, explore the marriage enriching joys of a tantric three-way, and witness a sexy world-record attempt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Don't care what you think about it ♪ ♪ Ain't here to please nobody ♪ ♪ I'm the one they run for cover ♪ ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Mend my wicked ways ♪ I'll get you into trouble now ♪ ♪ It's just so hard to behave ♪ ♪ Got you seeing double now ♪ I'm the one your mama told you ♪ ♪ I play the one as torture ♪ ♪ The risk you cant afford 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Here comes trouble now ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Turn it up all night ♪ Got you feeling high ♪ Get you into trouble now - The G-spot--I have one. He definitely knows where the G-spot is. - Yeah, yeah. [laughter] - What is my move for the G-spot? You Spiderman it and slide up there, hit it like you're trying to tease quarters out of an '80s video games, and trying to hit the release button. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - So like the G-spot is real. But I think some women don't know where it is. I think maybe guys, because they watch, like, so much porn, they're just shoving stuff in there to see if it sticks, or see what happens. [laughs] - I've had experience with accidental anal play. - I've had a lot of men who aren't in touch with what the prostate can do for them. If no other woman ever put anything in their butt before and you do, you're just, like, this goddess to them suddenly. - Actually, I, like, let a girl play with my butt, and doing some anal stuff on my end, and also for the girl. I kinda like that. A lot of guys, they may pretend like they don't like it, but if they tried it, they would. Hey, let them touch your butt. Quit being scared. Hey, open up. Try to stick your finger in the dude butthole sometime, he might like it. [laughs] - I'm Angela. - I'm Jennifer. - I'm Bucky. - I'm Donovan. - I'm Ken. - And this-- - And this-- - And this is our sex life. - We like to fuck. - We love it. [laughs] - I love sex, and I want you to love sex too. [music] - Tantra's all about trying to embrace the wild nature of our bodies and our sexuality. Tantra literally means "to weave." So you're weaving together the mind, the body, and the spirit. We're working with mindfulness and energetics, and the entire, whole person. And the goal is to just have a deeper connection with yourself and with your partner as well. But I'm there to help and to heal, and I'm also there to--to be in service. [music] - I know nothing about tantric. - It's a practice that's been around I think for hundreds of years, possibly thousands. I would imagine that it has so much to do with letting go. - Yeah, I would do anything-- - A ton do. - --to get out of my head when we-- - Yeah. - --have sex. When I got into my relationship with Bree, I think I actually asked her to marry me within the first-- - Like two weeks in. - --yeah, like two weeks in, because-- - Like maybe a month in. - --I was so nervous that she was gonna leave, like she was gonna find me out. We have been married for 22 years. We have two children, 16 and 12. - After being together for this many years, you know, you change physically, you change mentally, you have all kinds of things that are thrown at you through the course of life. - One of the big challenges had been sex. - She's our--our tantric guide? - Her name is Tallulah, okay. - So she's the guide we met on the phone-- - Uh-huh. - --several weeks ago. - I have no idea what to expect, but-- - Yeah. - --I'm sure it'll be amazing. I was more challenged in the not wanting to have sex. I think part of that has to do with being a mom. I could tell that it was always a concern for him. As we progressed in our relationship, it definitely became more of a conversation, because obviously, you don't get to 24 years of marriage without having multiple conversations of divorce. - We've had that conversation about divorce, and we've come to realize that we really do love each other. - We don't wanna go start this all over with somebody new. - We're committed to each other forever. How can we deepen our sexual relationship and make it more comfortable and that we're on the same page? - Jason and Bree have been married for a very long time, and they want to expand their sex life and bring in some excitement. So we're looking at sending Jason and Bree to a tantra specialist. This is going to be a way that the two of them can connect spiritually, sexually, mentally, physically, with each other. Tallulah is really great at helping people get the focus back on the one-on-one experience, and cancel out all that busyness outside. - We're meeting in downtown L.A., at a loft. And so are you pretty comfortable about-- - Yeah. - You probably more so than me. [laughs] You're sexier than me. - Thank you. - Jason wants to learn how to be more confident and probably needs to have more tools for himself to feel really like an experienced lover. - My first experience with sex, I picked a girl up on Las Vegas Boulevard, and then I wound up with her in my car, which was not a pretty experience at all. And then a day later, my brother caught wind of it, and then my brother and mother started to make fun of me, you know, for what I'd done. And that was my intro to sex, and that was--I was somewhere between 16 and 17. That was kinda where I was sexually, and still am. - Sexual energy is energy, it flows. If you have something blocking that energy, like emotional trauma or stuck energy, or you're not breathing, you're just living in this state of constriction and restriction in your body. Most of us are. - My hope is that it increases my wife's interest in being more sexual, and decrease my need. Sort of find that even plane for the two of us. [music] - So I just wanted to, like, have an initial conversation with you guys, just to get to know you a little bit and where you're at in your relationship, and where you're at sexually. - We know we're gonna be together forever, so maybe we're open to exploring a little bit more, and, like, some deeper connection. If we could get to that same level of vibration when it comes to sexual energy that is beautiful and growing and deep and connective and all, that would be amazing. - Yeah, so connection is really an important piece for you. - Very much so. - That level of deeper intimacy is part of what drives you to tantra. - It's a deeper level of connection of energy. - Yes. We try to, like, release goals in tantra. It's just about really being present and connected on a mind/body/spirit level. - Because Bree has had concerns about getting out of her head and into her body, hopefully Tallulah can teach Jason how to touch Bree in a way that she will be responsive, and in a sense, also open up the pathways to better sex between the two of them. - We're gonna just simply start with your eyes closed. [bell sounds throughout] Drop your breath really deep into your belly. Take a nice, deep breath, feeling your belly expand with your breath. [exhaling] You're gonna be following after me--ha. - Ha. - Ha. - Ha. - Ha. - Ha. - Ha. Ha. Ha. - Ha. Ha. Ha. - Ha, ha, ha, ha. - Ha, ha, ha, ha. - Ha, ha, ha, ha. [laughter] - Ha. - I feel like I'm gonna pass out. - Right? - Laugh about it--feel how silly you feel, and then still do it. [laughter] Ha. We're gonna just take our time, slowly transitioning to Bree, you being the receiver, working with a yoni massage. - "Yoni" is just another way of saying "vulva." You're always trying to integrate the heart with the yoni. It's not something we really are used to doing in our modern sexual culture. It's just usually all about the genitals. Well, in tantra, it's about everything. It's like your whole beings are coming together, mind, body, and spirit right now. And Bree, I would love to just invite you to open your leg. And then we'll start to go a little bit lower. So this is sort of like the back door of the G-spot, right behind the pubic mound. And you can actually, at certain points, put a lot of pressure behind the pubic bone. The G-spot is one of those elusive places that a lot of people just have misconceptions about. And it's like a flower, right? You massage the outer petals of the flower as you slowly work your way inward. Yeah. - I think we made a great team. - Yes, I know, we are making a really great team. I felt like it was important for Bree to experience a very specific type of touch to her G-spot which I don't think she had ever received before. I also wanted Jason to watch me with her as well, and watch what I was doing, and just the energy behind it, and really be able to tune in to how she was responding. - Ooh. That is so crazy. Ooh. I feel like I can move energy wherever I'm thinking it to go. - Yes, yes. - And it--it already, like, completely--I already fully, like, climaxed-- - Uh-huh? - --and then had total control of where to move it. - Wow. - Somehow I just jumped out of my head-- - Good. - --and just let go in my body, and then was able to hold it in this certain space, and then move it. - That's--it sounds like you had a--a good first-time experience-- - That was-- - --of something new. - It was a completely new experience, for sure. - Mm-hmm. Ah. - Yeah. The biggest thing was that I could get in that space. - It was deeper than anything I've ever experienced with Bree. It was other-level. It was very cool, you know, and very unexpected, I think. [birdsong] - Has anything new come up from you after your experience with Tallulah yesterday? - It was extremely fulfilling just to watch and to be a part of it, and to see Bree reach that level. She somewhat attacked me in the middle of the night. [laughter] - Nice. So let's talk about today. - Okay. - Okay? We have somebody coming, and we've been talking with her for a little while--Soriya. And how are you feeling about that? - I'm just not--I'm not reading too deep into it. You know, not, like, trying to expect what's gonna happen or have any kind of agenda. - It's another human being that we have to consider. How do we make sure that we're conscientious of this third person? [music] - So within their community, Jason and Bree were able to meet someone; Soriya's her name. - I think after that call, we both felt like oh, okay, she's really cool, like-- - I wouldn't ever prescribe somebody bringing in a third. If they suggest that this is something that they've been fantasizing about, that they want to experience, then we can talk about that together. Each person has been able to express what it is they're looking-- - Right. - --to get out of the experience together, and what their ultimate fantasy is. - Hello, Bree. - Oh, my goodness, hello. - Oh, I'm so glad to meet you in person. [laughter] - The reason why I decided to be here today and have this experience with Jason and Bree is because I was really moved when I read a little bit about their story. - We are off to a good start already. [laughter] - Yes. What got me is that they've been in a monogamous relationship for over 20-something years. - You're finally here. We're finally here and meeting in person, I love it. - Yes. - I love it. - And I was so excited to hear that they wanted to go on this, like, tantric exploration. Because of tantra, I experienced some of the deepest healings ever. And through that, I was able to feel sexually empowered and love myself more deeply, and enjoy sex. - As time went by, you start losing your hair and then you have kids and your guts a little bigger, and you don't feel beautiful. - Which just gives me an idea. I think today would be really exciting to shower you with love and for us to just, like, fill you up and, like, show you and tell you how beautiful you are, so that you can see it for yourself. - I agree. - Yeah. - Okay. [laughter] - I want other people to experience what it's like to have sexual freedom. - I was thinking we could go in a circle, so we can talk about our intention. We can talk about some of our fears. - Okay. My intention--just open-mindedness. Yeah, just let it be whatever it's gonna be, like-- - Wonderful. - Yeah. - Jason? - Scared to death. [laughter] - Very normal feelings. - My fears are I'm not--I've never thought of myself as really good at sex. But at the same time, just enjoy it for what it is. - Okay. Wonderful. Thank you so much for sharing. Jason and Bree are going into this thinking this experience is more for Jason. In talking with Bree and her inability to get out of her head, I'm thinking and hoping that she's going to find herself pleasantly surprised. This experience is also going to be quite beneficial for her as well. [music] - Just take this time to be together, just you two. Just slide together. Yeah. Feel free to, like, kiss each other and--yeah, this is your session. I also like to use, like, my butt. - Uh-huh. - You can, like, go like that-- - I like butts. - Do you like that? - Yeah? - Uh-huh, okay. Good. Breathe in again - [inhales] - Squeeze. - [exhales] - Okay. I'm just right at the entrance, saying hello. [laughter] Do you want me to knock a little harder? - Come in easy. - Okay. Relax and let go. - [exhales] - Oh, he likes it. Mm. [breathing, moaning] - Oh! - Yeah. - Oh! [laughter] - Ah, yeah! I love how expressive Jason is. He had the time of his life. Watching them come closer together brings me so much joy. - It was awesome. Even though I've been with Bree for 20-some-odd years, I don't know that I ever felt an experience where--where two people were just there for me. It was really an amazing feeling. - Through the entire process, not once did I think, like, okay, oh, my gosh, this other woman is touching my husband. All that was in my mind was let's just give him this pleasurable, loving, amazing experience. - For Bree, her best experience was with Tallulah. She was able to have this exciting time learning how her body responds to touch in ways that she didn't even know were possible. For Jason, the experience of Bree with Soriya was very profound for him, because he was able to live out his full fantasy of having two beautiful women, with him the center of attention, and be able to share that experience with the most important person in his life--his wife. - All that did was make me love my wife more. It definitely switched a switch. It serves as a huge reminder that those feelings that we had when we got together 20 years ago, they're in there. It makes me just appreciate Bree for who she is and what we have, because it's really special. [music] - In my twenties, I was very sexually active. I was crazy hormonal. I would keep five men in the stable at all times. I wanted to be the one in charge of the sex. - I like to penetrate. [laughter] I'm just the--you know, the touchdown guy. - I like it when she's on her stomach and tied up. [laughter] - And we're not freaky. - We're not. Good, old-fashioned fucking is perfect for us. - Yeah, yeah. [laughter] Yeah, yeah. - Oh, I know what a sex club is like. - Have you been? - Oh, yeah, I've worked for one. - I have been to more sex clubs than I can even count, worldwide. Etiquette, it's all about etiquette. And so many couples get nervous saying no, and they ask my wife and I, how do we say no to people. "No." - I like my booty smacked, especially let's say like you're in doggy style, you know, and like you getting stroked, penetrated and it's just like [claps] and it's like, ah, ah! [laughter] [music] [traffic, honking] - There has been this perception that going to a sex club makes you a deviant or a slut. Well, NSFW is not a traditional sex club. [music] And when you see people who are really popular on Instagram going to a sex club, you start thinking about sex clubs differently. We believe that sex is an active element of your health life. It's an environment that is very sexually charged. People are having sex. People get to explore without that feeling of judgment. [moaning, strapping, gasping] It really is a place to play. NSFW is changing the conversation on sex. I think a lot of people need that. [music] - I've been a New Yorker my entire life. Grew up in the Bronx. The area, it was known as Heroin Alley. And I was raised Jehovah Witness, so we'd go and preach in the morning at, like, 6:00 a.m., and yeah, try to convince junkies to believe in God. It was a very repressed type of religion. We couldn't masturbate. You couldn't really do anything sexually. [water running] And just sexually, like, growing up, I felt very different. I didn't feel like I was gay, I didn't really feel like I was straight. I felt like somewhere in the middle. Then I was about to turn 30, and I just kind of felt like I should be myself. I wanted to be more open with my bisexuality, I wanted to be more open with my ideas around polyamory and how people can love. And so I started putting together events that gave people a safe space, gave people a place where they can exist judgment-free. Because I wasn't really seeing that. NSFW stands for the New Society for Wellness. [music] We stand for that because there are so many benefits to having a good and healthy sex life. Lower depression rates, lower rates of suicide, lower rates of anxiety, overall feelings of joy. - Oh, my god. There we go, there's the thruster action. [engine whirring] [laughter] What I love about NSFW is that it really is a safe space for people to come in-- - Oh, my god. - Oh, my god. - Stop it. - --and explore who they are, their sensuality, their sexuality, with other like-minded people. For every member, it's something different. [traffic sounds, honking] - If someone told me even a year ago that I would be a member of a sex club, I wouldn't have believed them. [kettle whooshing] I grew up in a household where we never really discussed sexuality very much. There was so much more for me to know that I wasn't exposed to. Every Sunday morning, I sing at church with my volunteer church choir, and I really love it because it's such a great community, and everyone's so kind and so sweet. People associate sexuality with sin, but obviously, someone can love God and love going to church and also be a sexual person and explore their sexuality. - I think it's so amazing that NSFW is about having a younger crowd there, and about being millennials. And it's empowering for younger people who can claim their sexuality at such a young age. I really don't know what I'm looking for right now. You know, I don't think you can really find out what you like and don't like until you try new things. You know, I'm just still exploring. [music] - Those can go in the back for now. Put them with--like in the back storage room. Hey, guys, we're at door open. - Doors open! - Open! - Does it feel like--I've heard about, like, those things that, like, spiritual [inaudible] -- - Hi. Welcome back. - I love walking into the clubhouse and just feeling like you're stepping outside yourself into a different world that's so accepting and so exciting at the same time. - We have 16 total rooms, so people navigate through and find different places to play or experience things. You know, all these spaces are kind of available to them. So there's spaces you can go and just be a little bit more private with your partner, or there are spaces where there is no sex, it's spaces just to mix and mingle and meet people who are here. - Nice to meet you. And I was, like, I don't need him to experiment. Like, I can be fun and do this on my own. Like, why did I think I needed that? - Hey, everyone, if you'd like to see the demo, Corey's getting started. We have different masters or masters of mischief to provide educational aspects. - All right, well, let's get started. [chains clinking] So Laura--I'm Corey, by the way. My name is Corey B. I am a sex educator, and I am a chief educator at NSFW. - [inaudible] - Maybe a little water. - Water? I think it's important to educate young people about sex, because I mean, the sex education that we get as children in this country is abysmal. And you wanna make sure that your boundaries are clear and the consent is clear before you play with them. [crowd chattering] - And so many people have not been exposed to that type of thing, and it's always felt so taboo. - Hitting someone, like, bare-hand spanking-- [rapid spanking] --hurts after a while. [laughs] [spanking] - You know, this idea that you have to be secretive about your sex life is kind of an old idea. Let's not talk about it as if sex is something shameful. Let's talk about it as if sex is something to be celebrated. [traffic sounds, honking] - You excited for tonight? - Yeah, that's a good question. If somebody is there, do you wanna do something with somebody else? - Um, yeah, but I guess it depends, like, how the vibe is. But yeah, I'd be down, that'd be fun. - We've been seeing each other about nine months now. Hey, dude. What's up? - And we just, like, moved in together last week, so that's exciting. I grew up in, like, a pretty conservative family, and we went to church, we were Baptist. Sex just wasn't something that came up a lot. If there was a stripper scene on TV, my mom was like--like, she wouldn't--she was, like, "We can't watch this." So it made me more curious. - You're so glamorous. I grew up in Paris, France, so sex was not a taboo subject in my family. So that openness did allow me to explore. So what do you wanna bring? - Um, we should bring the whip thing, since we haven't used it yet. - Yeah. And I've been part of various sexual communities for a long time. I've bought a lot of toys, lost a lot of toys, bought a lot more. [music] - So cute. - You're so cute. Okay, let's go. Fuck, we have to go-- [traffic noise] - Jordan and I are open in our relationship. It's been really exciting for us to explore new people and things together. It is a new relationship for me in that sense. Like, I've never been in any relationship that wasn't monogamous. - Different things work for different people. For us, what we've found works is just keeping an open mind in general and communicating constantly. - It's just something we talk about a lot. One person can't give you everything you need. [music] - Brr--so cold. - I love NSFW because you can do things that maybe you haven't done before or you've always wanted to do. - Ladies first. - I never had, like, a threesome before. And I'd also never been with a girl before. - There have been some firsts for me, some firsts for Olivia. [crowd chatter] - Oh, hello, fancy meeting you here. - How are you? - Jordan and I always have conversation before things happen, so we know that everyone's comfortable. - How are you? - Everyone gets into non-monogamy for their own different reasons. - It's nice to meet you. - This is Olivia. - Hi. - There are so many different ways to be non-monogamous--like open relationships, or maybe you're okay with your partner having sex with somebody, but you're not okay with your partner, like, dating somebody or being romantically involved with somebody. - Are you doing more ropes tonight? Awesome. All right, I'll loop back. Tonight I came here and I was hoping to meet some new people and kind of share some experiences. Really? Oh, so you're new too. [laughter] And you like it so far? There's such a wide variety of people that go to these events. You control where your night goes completely. That's one of the biggest selling points of NSFW. Depending on what you're looking to get out of it, you will likely get the experience that you're looking for. Like maybe I'll meet someone that I can have sex with at some point, but that's not at all what it's about to me. - Scootch. - When we arrived at the party, we saw Sadie, who is somebody that I see on my own, without Olivia. - --you know, whatever, I'm comfortable. - So I got, like, a little square one, and it's just so loud. [crowd chatter] - Yeah, that was a little weird, I don't know. - I was surprised when Sadie kissed me, because she has never kissed me in front of Olivia before. - We don't necessarily have, like, this is a rule, that's a rule, but just, like, making sure the other person is always comfortable. And normally we talk about things first. We hadn't talked about that. - There's a lot of things that you can learn from coming to a sex club about how to check in with yourself, how to understand what your needs, wants, and desires are, and how you articulate them to another person. - Like that--like, as soon as something doesn't feel right, it's your responsibility to speak up. - The idea of this place has always been female-focused first. Like, I want a woman to come here and feel completely comfortable walking around naked, without feeling like she's gonna be touched or approached or anything else. You know, we launched two years before Harvey Weinstein, we launched two years before Me Too became a global phenomenon. And from day one, a lot of the principles that we established here were around, you know, asking permission before engaging. And it's now becoming the consent culture that people were suggesting for everything else. [music] - You good? You wanna sit? - Yeah. - Okay. And it's totally okay with me-- - Good to see you. - Hi, how are you? - Hey, man. [music] - May I torture you? - Yep. - This'll feel a little bit like a whip. The thing about the BDSM scene in New York is-- [whip cracking] --it changes every five to 10 years, because you have kind of a new crop of people turning 18 every day, and dying to explore all of their desires and all of their fantasies. - You are such a little pain slut. [moaning, laughter] - We saw "Fifty Shades of Grey" when it came out, and we thought, there has to be more to this. This seems interesting. [slapping] - Louder. [moaning] - Posture up! Did I say lean down? - No. - No. Stand up. Get on the cross. My next strikes, I want you to count out loud. Are you ready? - Yes, Mistress. [slap] - One. [slap] Two. [slap] Three. [slap] Four. - Corey and Laura, to see them, you know, performing in this way and expressing themselves sexually in this way, was amazing. [slapping] - --21, 22, 23, 24, 25-- - I don't know if I would practice BDSM. I'm definitely interested in it. I think that I would at least try it, but I don't know that I'm there yet. - Are you ready? - Yes, please. - Beg me for it. - [shouting] Please! - Louder. - [shouting] Yes, please. - There you go. [slapping] [laughter] [music] - So I'm sitting there and I'm watching the people that work there and are very experienced with the ropes, and then-- Uh-oh. [laughter] Oh. - Yeah, I think I'm down. - Okay. - I wasn't sure at first. I was a little hesitant. But I was like, you know, I wanted to try this going into it, and I'll probably be kicking myself if I don't do it. - Yeah. - Being tied up for the first time very much depends, person to person. [music] - My initial draw to the ropes was really just the artistic perspective of it. It's such a form of sexual expression that doesn't necessarily have to do with intercourse. - When I first saw Allison, she was kind of sheepish and looking around, not really sure about what was going on. - I'm in my nightgown and heels, and suddenly, like, I have one leg up in the air, like, tied to something that's on the ceiling, and I'm, like, this is all happening very quickly. I was having so much fun with it. It was so freeing. And it definitely did turn from nervous butterflies to excited adrenaline. - I just saw in her like, oh, she's flying now. But it was really cool to see that transition from sheep coming into this new experience to she's being tied up and suspended. - You can lift your leg up if you wanna, like-- - This leg, the standing leg? - Yeah, the one that's standing. - Woo! [laughter] [laughter] - Impressive. - I love it! [laughter] It was exactly what I wanted in the moment, and it was exactly where my comfort level was. I couldn't have possibly known what I would have wanted in that moment, but when the moment came, I knew it was the right thing to do. - Ooh. - What's his name? - How old is he? - Max? Aw. [music] [music] - We both agreed that the surprise was the only feeling. Other feelings may have layered on top of that--jealousy, fear, anxiety. - We always are really good about reassuring each other and knowing what is reality and what is, like, an irrational fear. And those are all really normal things that come about in these situations. It is all still new to me, so I think it's all part of the adjustment period. - Hi. - Hi again. Good to see you. [laughter] - I was gonna throw it away. - Yeah. Like, um-- - [inaudible] All yours. - Okay. [laughter] [music] - Okay, we are doing this. - You can never anticipate every possible thing that's gonna happen in life in general, and certainly not at a sex party. [laughter] - We have this idea of what non-monogamy looks like, and actually, you're gonna find people that are great at communication that are happy in their relationships, that are doing this because they want to experience as much love as possible. [music] [music] - I would say one of the big differences between NSFW and other sex clubs is that this is a place that people are proud and happy to share that they're part of. But I would say the main takeaway is that feeling of community. A lot of people, before coming to NSFW, had these desires, but really didn't have a place to have that outlet. That's what we provide. We provide that place that people have always been looking for, but have never been able to find. ♪ Feels so right ♪ Now every time you hypnotized me ♪ ♪ We go all night ♪ When I'm with you I dont think about me ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ Can you feel it, can you feel it ♪ ♪ Can you feel it too, oh. - Oh, I love squirting. I squirted the first time I masturbated. I thought I peed. - I actually had a debate with a friend not that long ago. She said it's just peeing, and I swore that it wasn't, and she swears that it is. And she said when she tried, she peed the bed. - I've had friends who are squirters, and they said it's really hard on the sheets. - My feelings on squirting is I love it, of course. Like, she says that I like it like it's a slot machine. You know, I mean, like, ching, ching, ching, ching, ching. Like, I just can't get enough. - One of my partners literally just figured out the little, you know, combination to the lock, and then [singing] the gushy goodness. [laughs] It's some gushy goodness. - I want to squirt. I wanna squirt, I wanna do it, I wanna know what it feels like. I have still never squirted, and I don't think that I am one. And I'm really sad about that. - I just remember at one point that, like, feeling the muscle clench and then hearing the pitter-patter of rainfall on the tile floor, and the sounds of her pleasure, and it was like, I am a fucking god. [music] [music] [crowd chattering, laughing] - I'm creating an event--the Kinky Carnival. And I've actually been wanting to do this for a while. - [crowd] 11, 12-- - I tend to like campy things. Weird things get me aroused. Like putting on this event and having that go well gets me aroused. It's set amidst a carnival. And I like the combination of sex with playfulness and games. Games like cock-ring toss, pin the dildo on the butt, bobbing for dildos. There's gonna be a wax station, a dirty mind-reader, [inaudible] bondage, a human dog show-- - Shake what your bitch mother gave you. - --a human pinata, and an Olympics of pain. [slapping] [moaning, shouting] - Ow, fuck [inaudible] -- - [screaming] - I'm a sex educator and mental health professional. Plainly put, I teach people how to have better sex with themselves and each other. And I love putting on a show and shocking people, because I'm getting off from the crowd. I'm a total exhibitionist. So the Kinky Carnival will lead up to me setting the squirting world record for most volume squirted in a one-minute period using only the assistance of one's person, meaning my hand. [music] [crowd cheering, shouting] - This is a Tuesday night in Brooklyn, packed house, 200-plus, wanna see a world-record-breaking squirt session. - Her whole narrative is about empowering women not to feel shameful about it. But more importantly, we don't have enough information about squirting, and it's not a new phenomenon. - Lola Jean is unapologetically sexual. She's a geyser. Some women are trickles, some women are puddles, and she's a geyser. - How are you? [crowd cheering] Thank god. My name is Vivian B, but you call me Madame, and I will be your mistress or questionable person of ceremonies for this spectacular event. Are you ready to experience the most ground-breaking moment in sexual squirting history? [crowd cheers, claps] Oh, my goodness. Real quick, give all your energy and love to the one and only Lola Jean, putting all this together. [crowd cheers, claps] Set the world record for squirting. - I often surprise people with how quickly I can squirt. On-demand, on-command, whenever--three seconds. I could do it right now. - Do you have anything you wanna say right now? - I do--welcome to this Kinky Carnival. Thank you for indulging in my really weird, campy fantasies. Squirting is the release of fluid from the Skene's gland and/or the urethra during sexual experience. We have a bunch of really fun things leading up to the big splash. My goal is to get a liter. Make sure you get to try out everything tonight. - One more time for Lola Jean. [crowd cheers, claps] Going to see plenty of her later. - I really unleashed--or, like, truly squirted around, I think 27. It's not something that your body does on command. I realized I could, and then I locked myself in my room and masturbated, until I could replicate it on my own. And now I'm doing this at athletic level. It is a sport, and it is a skill that you can learn and perfect. [traffic noise, sirens] I fell into the sex education business. I didn't intend for this to be my career, but now I cant really imagine it any other way. I worked in advertising for about five years, and I was bored and depressed. So I started reaching out to people within the sex industry and sex education, sex parties, and I would help coach squirting classes. And I realized I could make something out of this. All right, I'm trying to figure out-- -- just like a little talk beforehand-- - Uh-huh. - --so we might do that for a little bit, and then we'll take your pants off. - Cool. - Why don't you just give me a background, with your history with squirting with other partners, when that's happened, how you feel, like, your awareness of it. - I didn't know that I could squirt until somebody pulled this little hand maneuver situation on me, and I was like, "Oh, my gosh, what happened." I've been able to do that two other people-- - Mm-hmm. - --but I cannot for the life of me do it to myself. - Squirting can be a really beautiful experience and why I wanna teach other women or vulva-owners how to squirt is it can really give them some sort of sexual independence. All right, let's get your pants off. - Sounds good. - Yeah. As a sex coach, people come to me because they're running into some sort of barrier. Whether it's a confidence issue or a physical issue, I have to dig and figure out where that lies. All right, so I'm gonna take a finger internal--okay. So we'll do this first you wanna squeeze and push so you bring my finger in. - Am I doing it right? [laughs] - I teach them the different mechanics with their muscle groups, and have them work on that in their own time, experimentation. Because it's gonna be different for everyone. [music] Do you feel like you need to squirt right now? - A little, yeah. - Okay. [laughter] - It's been a while. - Yeah. I can kinda feel that. - Yeah, I feel like this is definitely something I'm gonna have to, like, try at home in, like, a less pressurey environment. - Most people, it might be a week later, a month later, a year later, but I kind of let people do it in their own process. Because like, I didn't learn how to do it in a day. Squirting and orgasm are separate. In fact, like, most of the time that I squirt, I'm not orgasming. Yeah, see, you have that strength. So really play with that while you're masturbating, or while you're with a partner. You're very strong. A lot of the information about squirting comes from men, and there's a natural distrust that women or vulva owners have with men when it comes to talking about their bodies. That is another important aspect of the squirt coaching, in that I've experienced this, I can relate to you. - Thank you so much for sharing this time, sharing your body. - Yeah, thank you for sharing your wisdom-- - Absolutely. - --and giving me some ideas. You're, like, one of my prime squirting prospects. [laughter] - I hope so. I will let you know. [music] - I think we're just gonna do a test squirt before you go. - Cool, yeah. - Which I'm not sure if my body's gonna allow me to do that or not today. I often describe squirting feels like this loss of control. It does feel like a release from my body, and it feels pleasurable. Like, it's pleasurable in my vulva area. But the myth is that squirt is pee. The haters are gonna be like, oh, it's pee, blah, blah, blah. Well, I've literally squirted and peed into two separate cups and had people see the difference. Like, there's a visual difference, and I can do that in front of someone. That's what I like doing, is, like, using my body as a science experiment. - Are you gonna be the person who helps me kind of, like, pour that into here, that goes into-- - Sure. - I'm squirting into this kiddie-pool tub. I wasn't assigned that role, but I will step up. And then we're going to take that and pour it into this massive funnel that's going to go into measuring cups. - In there, perfect, yeah. - Yeah. So then all you have to do-- - And then we won't lose any. - Yeah. - I'm not necessarily comfortable that I'll contain it in the tub, because I know myself, and I know that I can spray and shoot wide. But when I usually catch most of it. What I need to do is just stimulate my clitoris. - Give me a three, two, one. - Three, two, one. [tinkling in tub] - And it'll kinda be funny if I squirt, like, over a liter, because then we have to get a second measuring cup, because my cups only go up to a liter. [fluid sloshing] Just a little bit. - Okay. Just under 100 milliliters. - Yeah. That's not my best work. I had to really exert myself-- - But that's really good to know. - --on that one. - So on Tuesday, it's like-- - You gotta make sure it is. - Yeah. - Yeah. I know I'm pretty top dog when it comes to squirting, but I don't know if I can squirt a liter. This is the moment. [crowd chatter] [music] - Hi. - Hi. - Y'all ready for this? - So, I don't know how the fuck we went that much over. There's more people than I realized. Also, I love that they wear fucking umbrella hats. - Right? - Because I squirt. - That's so funny. - Yeah. - This dog is definitely dressed for New York attitude. [laughter] Little doggie. Perfect. Give it up for doggie number one. [crowd cheers] One more trick--one more trick? Here we go. Classic Westminster dog move. - We're good. We're gonna do it, yeah. - Okay, here we go. In order of preference and I know nothing about this [inaudible] -- - We're ready. - Ready. - Ready. - Yes. - Third, second, and first place. [crowd cheers] And that, ladies and gentlemen, was the human dog show. Back to your host. [whistle blows] - Lola, we ready? - We're ready. - Let's do it. Give it up for Lola Jean! [crowd cheers, whistles, claps] - Oh, my goodness, Lola Jean, how are you feeling? - Uh, very hydrated. [crowd cheers] - Hydrated--that's excellent. - Yes. - Phenomenal. - I've been preparing--preparing all day. I had a nice, good pussy-licking about 15 minutes ago. [crowd cheers] I think--yes. A round of applause for cunnilingus. [crowd cheers, applauds] I want to use my body on display so that you won't be able to talk about squirting without talking about me-- [crowd cheers] --or without talking about involuntary squirting. [crowd cheers] Because you don't need someone else to make you squirt. You can do it all by your damn self. [crowd cheers] - Damn right! - Yes, it is completely dry. [laughter] - As you can see, there is no liquid in the tub. - You wanna stand over it, or-- - Yep. - As you can see, Lola Jean has no liquids on her. [crowd shouting encouragement] - Let's go. - I'm ready. - And let's start, shall we, everybody? [crowd shouting, cheering, counting] One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23-- [cheering, applause] - Give it up for Lola Jean. The longest squirting session in world history. [inaudible] for Lola Jean. - Careful, careful, careful. - Ready? [crowd exclaiming, laughing] - Oh--every drop is precious. [laughter] - I got it, I got it. - Ooh-- - I hit it--I hit it-- - Oh, my god--not one container, but two. [crowd cheering] - I fucking did it. I did over a liter--over a liter. - She did over a liter, motherfuckers. [crowd cheers] - Yeah! - All your admiration to Lola Jean. [crowd cheers] If she can do it, you can do it. You don't need anybody else to do it with. - I feel great. I could see it in the bucket as I was doing it. It was a lot. I did even a faster time than before, and once I saw it pass that one-liter mark, I was, like, yeah, did it. I love shocking people as much as I love being the center of attention, but I love shocking people, proving them wrong, and I did all of those things tonight. And I proved science wrong. And I think I shocked everyone else that someone can do this on their own. And that's all I wanna do. I wanna blow everyone's mind. - Thank you so much. - Yeah, you're welcome. - Thank you. - Congratulations. - Thank you. - Oh, I'm so glad you made it. - I have not seen that volume of liquid come out of a human female, ever. - How does it feel? - Great. - It's astonishing. My body hasn't done that but I've witnessed her body do it, so I know it's possible. What she does helps us be able to open up as well, and that makes me really fucking happy and turned on. - She's honest. She's passionate. She is diligent, she is driven. And I'm so happy to be here. [laughter] I'm just so motivated by her. - And if I can give those different ways to empower women, give them back control over their bodies, whether it's through squirting and masturbation--any entry point that I can do that is a win for me. [music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 