Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e10 - Committed - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 10 - Committed - full transcript 
 Megan and Tommy are investigating the murder of a patient at a psychiatric hospital. When they rule out that someone came in, it means it was someone on the inside. So they talk to the other patients. Eventually one of the patients asks to talk to them privately and she claims that she was the intended target because the girl who was killed was in the room across from hers. She claims her mother committed her because she says her mother lied about what happened when her sister died. Megan tries to get the girl released but the mother and doctor taking care of her refuse. But she escapes and goes to Megan who decides to look into her sister's death. Megan tries to get her father's body exhumed but her mother refuses to help her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Thunder rumbling) Heading into the East Wing for 10:00 P.M. bed check. Over. (Man) Copy that. East Wing, 10:00 P.M. bed check. (Rainfall) Get in bed, Samantha. Die! Die! Die! Colleen. (Panting) I'm sorry. Where's Renee? She's gone far away. Code green in East Wing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Renee Caldwell is missing. (Man) Copy that. Code green, Renee Caldwell. (Water running) (Static hisses) Security, be advised we are on code green lockdown. (Hinges squeak) (Water continues running) Renee! Are you in here? Oh, my God. (Dunn) Victim's name is Renee Caldwell, 15 years old. Last seen at dinner last night. Roommate says she never made it back to their room for lights out. A nurse found the body during their 10:00 P.M. bed check. Thanks, officer Dunn. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're welcome, Detective. (People speaking indistinctly) What, are you marking your territory or what? In your dreams. But she was. Something going on between you two? Absolutely nothing, I assure you. Ooh, it didn't seem like nothing. Trust me. I'm saving myself for someone special. (Exhales) (Camera shutter clicking) (Sighs) She's in full rigor. Been dead at least 12 hours. Maybe less. The room was full of steam when I got here. Were the showers on? All of 'em... full blast, high heat. Could the hot steam have accelerated the rigor mortis? Mm. Look at you, learning stuff. I read a little. Smart killer. Strike in the shower and then watch all the evidence wash down the drain. That's a nasty blow to the head, too. Three blows, all in the same place with a blunt object. So we haven't turned up a murder weapon yet. Any idea what we're looking for? There's too much blood to tell. We'll know more once we get her cleaned up. Renee was a, uh, paranoid schizophrenic. It's rare in somebody so young. Strong girl. She was committed to... getting out of here, moving on with her life. It makes what happened all the more tragic. Do you have any idea who did this? I'm concerned about the safety of my other patients. Could someone have just walked into the building? No, everybody has to sign in with security. And, uh, all the guests have been accounted for. Could somebody have broken in? It's unlikely... Security does an hourly perimeter check to ensure all windows and doors are locked. There's been no breach. Then Renee was probably killed by a patient. Or... an employee. It looks that way, unfortunately. Well, we'd like to start talking to the girls as soon as possible. Of course. But I insist on being present during the interviews. Oh, that's not how it works. Well, I have a responsibility to protect the young women in my care, many of whom are in a delicate mental state. Being questioned by two strangers could be disturbing, possibly even damaging. I can't allow you to be there. Well, then I can't allow the interviews. Are you impeding our investigation? My hospital, my rules. If you don't like it, get a court order. So Renee was your roommate. Did you guys get along okay? Yeah, till she lied to me. What did she lie to you about? She promised never to leave me. Now she's dead, and I'll be alone forever. So do you know anyone who would want to harm Renee? Yep. Definitely. Who would that be? Me. Okay. Tell us how you did it. I lured her into the showers and smashed her head in. Not like my last victim. Uh, who... who was that? (Whispers) President John F. Kennedy. At least that case is solved. I should've asked her about Jimmy Hoffa. We've got no witnesses, no evidence. We're on fire. (Gasps) Oh. I'm so sorry. (People speaking indistinctly) I'm not crazy. I shouldn't even be here. And I know you've heard that a lot today, but it's the truth. Why'd you give me this note? I know who killed Renee. Okay. We're listening. Last night, I saw a man climbing down from the heating vent in the hallway, right outside my room. What did he look like? It was too dark. I couldn't see his face. What makes you so sure he killed Renee? Because he came here to kill me because of what I know. That's why I'm here... to keep me from telling the truth. Then why did he kill Renee? By mistake. She lives just across the hall. What do you know, Darby? (Door opens) Please believe me. I'm not crazy. Let's go, Darby. Body Of Proof 3x10 - Committed Original air date April 23, 2013 Sync and corrections by atrn97g for www.addic7ed.com (Tommy) Well, that was a bust. I don't know. Darby seemed different than the other girls. Yeah, a different kind of crazy. Yeah, that's exactly my point. She doesn't seem that crazy to me. Well, neither did J.F.K.'s assassin. Yeah. Okay. You're right. Will you say that again? I want to use it for my ringtone. If Darby says that she saw a guy climbing out of the heating vent, don't you think that you should at least check it out? Okay, I'll have C.S.U. process the vent. Thank you. Thanks for coming, mom. Quality time with my only child... I wouldn't miss it. But I can see by the look on your face that this is not a social call, so... what's going on, Megan? I know you don't want to talk about daddy's suicide note. The lab found a partial print. Not enough for an I.D., but enough to determine... it wasn't daddy's. And of course you believe that this print belongs to your father's killer? It's a possibility. There are a thousand explanations for this fingerprint that don't mean murder. Right, which is why I need to see the body. Oh, I see what's going on here. Now you need me to sign an exhumation notice so that... Mom, I want this to be over as much as you do. I seriously doubt that. Then just sign the order, please. I need to do this. A... and if I find nothing on the body... It's not a body. It's your father. If I don't find anything on the body, I swear to you, I will let it go. Have you given a second thought as to my feelings about this, about how this could affect my life? I just want the truth. No matter who it hurts. I'm sorry. I'm not signing. But... (Scoffs) (Door opens) (Door closes) Hey. What are you doing here? Just returning your call. Isn't that usually done by phone? Yeah, but then I wouldn't get to have the pleasure of your company. (Chuckles) What can I do for you? I need help getting an exhumation order. Who you want to dig up? My father. He died when I was 12, and I grew up thinking that he killed himself. Now you're not so sure? Recently, I got ahold of his suicide note. And the lab ran a test, found a partial print. Wasn't his. And you think he was murdered. Yes, I do. But I know this is... it's asking a lot of you. I'll see what I can do. What? (Laughs) I don't know. It's just, everybody else has been telling me why I'm wrong, and I guess I expected you to do the same. I trust your instincts. You tell me something's off, I believe you. (Megan) Cause of death was most likely an acute subdural hematoma to the frontal parietal area. The hemorrhage was caused by several blows to the skull in quick succession with a blunt instrument. What did the killer use as a murder weapon? (Curtis) I got three depressed skull fractures, but too small for a hammer. Yeah, but not too small for a ball peen hammer. You might be right. So how does somebody inside a mental institution get access to a ball peen hammer? Unless the killer came from the outside. (Ethan) Hey. Check out this trace from her left shoulder. It's odorless but thick, like petroleum jelly. Explains why the shower didn't wash it away. Bad luck for the killer. Good luck for us. (Cell phone rings and beeps) What's up, Tommy? Hey. Turns out Darby's little sister was murdered two years ago. Got the lead detective from the case coming to give us a crash course. On my way. (Man) Beth Stone was 5 years old at the time of her death. She'd gained some local attention as a child beauty queen. Her mother Julia was raising her two daughters alone after the death of her husband. On the night in question, Julia had put Beth to bed early so she could watch TV alone with Darby. (TV playing indistinctly) (Man) An hour later, they heard Beth screaming from her bedroom. (Screaming) Beth? Honey? As they entered her room, both reported seeing a male suspect fleeing out the window. (Gasping) They found Beth in bed... dead from multiple stab wounds. (Megan) What did the body tell you? Cause of death was exsanguination due to aortic laceration. Got a profile on the killer? Single white male in his mid to late 20s, a loner. Any chance that he knew Beth? I've always believed he spotted Beth at one of her beauty pageants. Those things are a magnet for pedophiles. Mm. Do you think my guy also killed your victim? It's not likely. We're still getting some background on Darby right now, though. Well, keep me in the loop. I still keep a picture of Beth in my wallet. It'll stay there until I catch the bastard. You want to interview Darby? (Door closes) That's right. How nice of you to ask my permission this time. So what did Darby tell you? Darby claims that a male suspect climbed out of the heating vent across the hall from her room the night of the murder. Well, this explains why there's a crime scene unit crawling around in my ceiling. She also believes that she was the killer's intended target and that Renee was killed by mistake. Two days ago, Darby didn't want to go to her group meeting so she went to the infirmary and she was complaining about back pain. I assure you, the man in the vent is equally fictitious. What was Darby's diagnosis again? You know I can't discuss that with you. How convenient. You don't get it, do you? Until you find Renee's killer, all of my patients are at risk. We want to talk to Darby and we want to talk to her now. Well, now is not a good time. Why not? What are you hiding, doctor? (Door opens) Darby? Huh? Darby, can you hear me? (Mutters) What the hell did you give her? Mild sedative. This is not mild. You're punishing her for talking to us behind your back. Don't you dare presume to judge my decision. You're only here because I'm allowing it. Darby's my patient. Don't even try to play the doctor card with me. You're way out of your league. Megan, let's go. We'll be back tomorrow with your court order. She better be lucid and alert. You understand me? Malcolm is definitely keeping Darby sedated so she can't talk to us. Well, he's definitely got an ego. But it's possible that Darby had a manic episode. Oh, so it's just a coincidence? Like it's a coincidence that he didn't want us talking to his other patients alone? Megan, you just need to ask yourself if you're being objective here. Really, do I? Yes. You've got a 14-year-old daughter at home. It's only natural you're gonna start feeling protective of Darby. Tommy, I'm a big girl. I can separate my feelings from the case. And maybe you're right. Maybe Darby's making the whole thing up. But no one should have that much power over other people. I found something, Detective Sullivan. Please tell me it's the murder weapon. (Chuckles) No such luck, but the vent's pretty banged up inside. Someone definitely used it to climb down from the roof and enter here. How do you know it wasn't damaged before the murder? They just had a routine inspection. It was fine three days ago. There's more. We also found trace amounts of this thick, sticky substance. Which the suspect could've left behind when he accidentally touched the vent cover. I sent a sample to the lab. We found a similar substance on Renee's body. If that matches, then whoever came through this vent killed Renee. And it confirms Darby's story. Dr. Malcolm's letting you talk to me alone? Didn't have a choice. Your story checks out, Darby. And we also know about your sister. So we are here... just to listen. Thank you. You know, the scariest part about being committed here is that overnight, no one believes a word you say anymore. Everything out of your mouth just sounds crazy. Even the truth. Especially the truth. So let's assume you were the real target and not Renee. Who would want to kill you? My mother. Darby, I thought you said you saw a man going down a vent. Yes. She hired him to kill me. And why would she do that? Darby, it's okay. (Crying) I saw her kill my little sister. Darby, there's no evidence linking your mother to Beth's murder. She destroyed it. The knife, too. Yeah, but in the police report, you and your mother both said you saw Beth's killer leaving through a window. No, my mom made me lie. She said if I didn't, child services would come, and I'd have no one. So you covered up for her? I tried to. (Sniffles) For six months, Beth was in my nightmares, begging me to stand up for her. I finally realized that... (Sniffles) if I didn't tell the truth, I wouldn't be able to live with myself. (Continues crying) Mom caught me trying to call the police and freaked out. That's why she sent me here... to shut me up. Nobody believes a mental patient. (Tommy) But, Darby, you've been here for two years. Why would your mother wait that long? Why would she suddenly decide now to kill you? I think Dr. Malcolm told her that he couldn't control me anymore. Malcolm's in on this? Yes. He knows I'm not really crazy. My mother pays him to make sure I keep quiet. Why do you think he's been trying so hard to keep you away from me? (Sniffles) I'm so scared. (Continues crying) Will you help me? (Elevator bell dings) Megan, you just gotta calm down. I want to talk to Darby's mother right now. We will, as soon as I can check the financial connection between her and Malcolm. What, you don't believe her? It's just a really elaborate story. For all we know, Renee's murder has nothing to do with Darby at all. Evidence proved her right about the heating vent. Doesn't mean she's right about everything. And she is a mental patient. I don't know, Tommy. I looked her right in the eye... I believe her. (Water spritzes) Hey. What brings you here? Just dropping off some paperwork. Well, nice to see you. Actually, I came to see you. Can I ask you something? Sure. This might seem a little awkward, but I just want to make sure I'm not stepping on any toes. Okay. Is something going on between you and Detective Sullivan? That's none of your business. Look, I'm just asking because Tommy and I went out a few weeks ago. Like a... "date" date? Yeah, to a Flyers game. And we had a great time. But if you two are involved... I... I just need to know what to do here. Hey, you do whatever you want. (Tommy) So... Darby claims that the murderer killed Renee by accident that she was actually the intended victim, and that you orchestrated it all. That is ridiculous. She also says you killed Beth. My daughter's a very sick girl. So you're saying it isn't true. Of course not. I'm sorry. I had to ask. I apologize. I know you're just trying to do your job. But it is very hard for me to hear about Darby's delusions. They're why I had her committed in the first place. I'm sure this is very stressful on you. (Exhales deeply) What do you want from me? The law prohibits Dr. Malcolm from disclosing Darby's diagnosis. We were hoping you could tell us. Darby has borderline personality disorder with psychosis. Was that triggered by the murder of her sister? Uh, no, but it did push her over the edge. So her symptoms appeared previously? I really don't know when it started. She was always a very... emotionally fragile child. Is there any documentation of this illness from childhood? (Swallows) No. Why would that matter? Oh, it's just interesting. Most mental patients have a long, well-documented history of their illness before they're committed. All Darby had was... your word. You're beginning to believe my daughter's lies. So it's not true that you and Dr. Malcolm colluded to kill Darby? No. See, this is typical Darby. She turns everyone who tries to help her into her mortal enemy. We've done a little investigating into your financials. You've donated quite a bit of money to the hospital. So that means that I killed my daughter? You tell me. I gifted that money because I believe in Dr. Malcolm's work. Or you paid him off to keep Darby silent. How dare you. I did not have her committed 'cause I want to get rid of her. I want to help her so that she can come home someday. And that is why I told Dr. Malcolm that he could start this new treatment. What treatment? Electroshock therapy? Electroconvulsive therapy. Darby's been deeply depressed ever since Renee's death. She's not depressed. She's... she's terrified. Dr. Hunt, I had no idea you had credentials in psychiatry. E.C.T. is like playing Russian roulette with her brain. It's controversial because it's unpredictable. I've had more success treating depression with E.C.T. than prescription meds. It also causes memory loss. Or maybe that's the point. Okay, look, can we just hold off on the procedure till we get to the bottom of this? Maybe as a gesture of good faith... I'm all out of good faith, Detective. You're intruding in the therapy of a very sick girl who, contrary to your baseless accusations, I'm trying to help. We think that her mother hired somebody to break in here and kill Darby. Maybe with a little help from the inside. You should listen to yourself. Why? You think I'm going crazy, too? I'm gonna put a stop to this. An appeal can take weeks to get. Let me know when you have one. (Man) Thanks. Well, somebody looks properly sedated. Louisa doesn't mess around. This little lady's feeling no pain. Ready? Yep. All right. I'll be right back to strap her in. Okay. You know your mother and I only want what's good for you. (Moans) Ah. Okay. Don't you worry about a thing. You're just gonna... take a little nap. You look like a little angel. Here's your halo. Don't you worry about a thing. You ready for a little rest? Hmm? Okay. (Thuds) (Grunts) (Objects clatter) (Grunts) (Glass tinkles) Darby escaped? Less than an hour ago. Apparently she attacked Dr. Malcolm just as he was about to start E.C.T. Oh, Jesus. I don't blame her. I've got ten units that are combing the streets. Darby's got an aunt lives just outside the city. She may try to contact her. I think we should head out there now. She'll show up. Hope so. Don't want to see anyone else get hurt. She was protecting herself. Megan, we don't know what this girl's capable of. I just got a call from Dr. Malcolm. He's filing a complaint against us. Been a few of those lately. Based on what? He blames you for Darby's escape. (Laughs) Why? I don't know. Maybe it has something to do with you validating Darby's delusions, which then triggered her manic episode. Oh, please. He's blaming me to cover his own ass. Maybe. Or maybe he's right. Excuse me? Dr. Malcolm is a highly respected member of the medical community. So am I. And you've managed to piss both of us off inside of a week. I am right about Malcolm. He's involved in this. You better be. Wow. (Cell phone rings) Hey, Lace. What's up? Everything's fine. Um, a friend of yours stopped by, though. Her name's Darby. Uh... Yeah, I... I know her from work. That's what she said, too. I told her you wouldn't be home for hours, but she insisted on waiting. Okay. You know, actually, I'm heading there right now. Okay, cool. See you soon. Lace... (Sighs) Damn it. What's going on? Darby's at my apartment with Lacey. Lacey. (Girl) Aah! Lacey! (Laughter) (Laughs) ♪ Hi, girls. Hey, mom. Darby just played "Zax" on a triple word score for 110 points. She's killing me. How'd you get so good? Not much else to do where I live. (Tommy) Hey, Darby, why don't you start putting your things together? Please don't make me go back. We're just going to the station. That's all. ♪ Darby, we're not gonna let anything happen to you. I promise. Give me a call first next time, okay? - I'm sorry. - It's fine. You two girls say good-bye. When you said you didn't want to go back, where did you mean? A mental institution. Oh. I don't really belong there. Dr. Hunt's trying to make sure that I never have to go back. She seems like a really cool mom. Definitely. I mean, she may stress case and she likes to act all tough sometimes, but she really just wants to help people. ♪ Thank you. For what? For not sending her back to that place. Yeah, I'm just not convinced that Dr. Malcolm knows what's best for Darby. She is a minor, so we are legally obligated to tell him we found her. How do we keep him away from her? I could claim she tried to assault me. I was forced to take her into custody. ♪ You were wrong, by the way. Which time are we talking about? When I look at Darby, I don't see Lacey. I see me. I know a little something about not being heard, having a mother who wants you to live a lie. Yeah, I want to protect her. I... Nobody should feel alone like that. And if it's not me, who else? Just take us through the night Beth was killed, step by step. I don't like to think about it. I know, honey. We're hoping that you'll remember something that we could use as proof that... your mother killed Beth. I know it won't be easy, but will you try? Mom put Beth to bed so that we could watch TV together. But Beth didn't want to go to sleep. She wanted to watch TV, too, so... she started screaming. Did your mother go to check on Beth? Three times. (Voice breaks) The last time... mom went up, she just... didn't come back. Then it got quiet... too quiet. (TV playing indistinctly) (Darby) When I went up to check on them, I got this sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. (Door creaks) Mom? Mom! (Crying) No, mommy! - She made me promise not to tell. - Beth! Then she got rid of her clothes and the knife. And she even opened Beth's window to make it look like an intruder had broken in. What was your mom wearing that night? (Exhales) Gray slacks, gray sweater, and slippers... and her pearl necklace. The one dad gave her on their 10-year anniversary. Did she destroy that, too? I... I... I don't think so. Pearls are porous. They absorb blood. You could wash it from the outside, not the inside. Tommy. (Ethan) A little bit... more. (Scraping) Ahh. There we go. (Saw clatters) (Objects clatter) We definitely have something. Uh, phenolphthalein, please. Thank you. Hey. What's that mean? It means... it's positive for human blood. I want to see Darby's mom explain that away. (Tommy) The blood D.N.A. extracted from the pearl matches your dead daughter. Makes a pretty strong case that you killed her. No. No, that's a lie. Julia, pressure had been building up for a while now. Your husband gets cancer, he dies, leaves you alone to raise two girls all by yourself. The bills start piling up. Beth is throwing tantrums all the time. I'm surprised you could even hear yourself think. Something had to give. No, I loved Beth. I... I would never hurt her. Why did we find her blood on your pearls? I don't know. Just admit what you did. (Voice breaks) Okay. Yes. I destroyed the evidence. (Crying) But I could never hurt my sweet angel. If you didn't kill Beth, who did? Darby. (Crying) You really have no shame, do you? Ohh. But if you're capable of killing one daughter, why not try to pin it on the other? Please. Would you just listen to me? I put Beth to bed early that night. And Beth would not stop screaming and... I went upstairs to try to calm her down, twice. But, uh... Darby went up the third time. And the screaming stopped. But Darby didn't come back down. (TV playing indistinctly) (Julia) So I went to check on them. (Door creaks) (Gasps) Ah! Aah! No! - It just didn't even seem real. - Aah! And I didn't have time to think. I just reacted. I... I made Darby undress in the shower, and I took her clothes and my clothes and the knife and I just dumped it all. That's how Beth's blood got on my necklace. If that's true, then why'd you lie to the police? To protect Darby. I don't buy it. You don't protect your child's killer. You do if the killer is also your child, and she's all that you have left. (Sobs) You're very convincing. And I would believe you... if you hadn't tossed Darby aside like a piece of trash to hide what you did. You weren't protecting her. You were protecting yourself, just like you're doing now. What kind of mother are you? No. (Sobs) Oh. (People speaking indistinctly) You looking for Dr. Hunt? You know, sometimes I think she senses I'm coming over and she just disappears. (Chuckles) Oh, she has spidey sense. No doubt about that. Especially when she's mad at you. You know where she went? Yeah, Darby was released from custody. She's driving her down to her aunt's house. Said she'd be back in a few hours. Thanks. (Ethan) Detective Sullivan, I got the lab results on the sticky substance we found in the vent and Renee's shoulder. It was a... a tricky I.D. Multiple ingredients. What is it? It's a polymer-based Ibuprofen ointment called Dolgit. It's used for muscle aches and pains. Wait a second. Darby went to the infirmary for back pain just hours before Renee was killed. Is it possible she got this stuff on her hands and didn't realize it? That puts her in direct contact with the vent and Renee's body. Oh, no. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Darby killed Renee. I gotta warn Megan. Will I have to go back to the institution? Well, you'll have to have a psychiatric evaluation. And then go before a judge, who will make the final decision. But you have nothing to worry about. The evidence is overwhelmingly in your favor. Thank you for believing me. Thank you for believing in me. (Cell phone rings) Hey, Tommy. Megan, I need you to listen to me very carefully, but do not let Darby see you react. Okay. I'm at the M.E.'s Office. It's starting to look like Darby actually killed Renee, and if that's true, she probably killed her sister as well. Yeah, she's doing great. She's just relieved not to be back in that institution. Megan, listen. Leave your phone on so we can track your GPS location. I'm coming to get you. Okay. Talk to you later. That was detective Sullivan. He was just checking to see how you're doing. You're a good liar, Dr. Hunt. But not as good as me. (Clicks seat belt release) No! Darby! (Tires squeal) Stop! (Panting) Darby! Stop! Help! Help! This woman tried to kidnap me! She's got a gun! Hold it right there. Hands up. I'm unarmed. I can explain. - Tell me what happened. - She pulled a gun on me when I was walking home from school and told me to get into her car. She was gonna kill me! She's lying! She's a suspect in a murder case. (Crying) - She should be in custody. - Who are you? I'm Dr. Megan Hunt. I'm a medical examiner. I am with The City. See? She's totally crazy! Do you have credentials? Yes, I do. They're in my car... a City vehicle around the corner. No! Watch out! Ohh! Don't you dare move. You must think you're pretty clever. Oh, this is funny to you? What if it is? You killed two people, put a cop in the hospital. I don't think that's very funny. You have no proof I did anything. Well, we got the Ibuprofen ointment. Well, that's weak. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only patient who used it. Thought you might say that. Thanks. (People speak indistinctly) The murder weapon... a ball peen hammer. Where did you find that? Had a hunch it was in one of the heating vents. First one I checked was in the showers. I got lucky. It's got Renee's blood on the head and your skin cells on the handle. We got you, Darby. Whatever. Why'd you kill your sister? (Scoffs) Beth was a whiny brat. Trust me. I did the world a big favor. (Megan) And you ruined your mother's life. Yeah? Well, she tried to ruin mine by throwing me into that freak Zoo. - She was trying to get you help. - Mom was never gonna let me out of there. So I had to do it myself. That's why you murdered Renee, to lure us into the institution? So you could tell us your sad little story. (Scoffs) All I had to do was find someone to believe it. I chose you. Your mother's right. You're a sick little girl. And your daughter was right. You act all tough, but... you really just want to help people. It was so easy to make you feel sorry for me. Now I feel nothing for you. And you're going away for a long time. We'll just have to see about that, won't we? I know that you... judge me for protecting Darby. She was so sweet one moment, and then... so cold the next. And I kept telling myself that it was just a phase, that Darby was still my sweet little girl. But then after what she did to Beth, I blamed myself for not seeing the signs and for not getting her help sooner. But I also wanted to believe that... she could still be saved. And that's why I sent her to Dr. Malcolm. I don't blame you. I can't. (Exhales) I wanted to believe her as well. Did you come here to gloat? No, no, I came to apologize. I was, uh, wrong about Darby, too. Uh, obviously, she's a total sociopath. I knew she was lying to you, but I... I didn't think she was capable of murder. I wanted to tell you that. Thank you. Um... (Sighs) You know, I... I've always thought of myself as a woman of science. And when the cops, they talk about gut instincts, it just makes me think of intestines. It's messy. I let myself get messy. People are messy. We're no different. Mm. Hey. (Sighs) She found my weak spot, Tommy... a little girl who nobody will listen to. She used it against me. I should've known better. You're human, like the rest of us. Yeah? Well, I don't like it. You can't always be right. I have to. It's my job. And if I'm wrong about her, then what else am I wrong about? My father? (Voice breaking) Am I being cruel to my mother because I'm not seeing the truth that's right in front of me? Megan, you're being pretty hard on yourself. You're better at your job than anybody I know. (Scoffs) Come on. Let's go get a drink. (Sighs) I don't think so. Okay. (Sighs) All right, you know what? I didn't want to say anything, but... I talked to Riley. She told me about your date. (Inhales deeply) Mm. Our date. We went to a hockey game. You lied to me. You said there was nothing going on between you two. You see what you're doing, don't you? I mean, this isn't about Riley. This is about... You're trying to find any excuse you can to push me away because you know that we would actually be happy, and that idea just terrifies you. I think that we should put the past... to rest. Megan... It's for the best. (Sighs) Good night, Tommy. Sync and corrections by atrn97g for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 