Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e2 - Abduction: Part II - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 2 - Abduction: Part II - full transcript 
 Megan's performing an autopsy on Dr. Wallace's victims and finds a bomb planted inside him. Megan then gets a call from her daughter but it's Dr. Wallace's accomplice who tells her to bring... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MEGAN: Previously on Body of Proof... Welcome back. You will be working with a new homicide team. Try to start off on the right foot this time. - Megan. - Tommy? (WHISPERS) You have five seconds to tell me what you're doing here. There was an opening. I took it. Whatever you thought was gonna happen between us, (WHISPERS) it's not. MEGAN: They're combat veterans. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We got a serial killer targeting veterans. All five men had their spleens removed surgically. So you're saying our killer is a plastic surgeon? TOMMY: Do you work for Dr. Wallace? I'm his chief nurse. Yvonne, what's going on? I just handed you a guy with means, motive and you're letting him go. Mr. Simmons. We know this guy is targeting veterans, your name is on the list. Just put me in front of the son of a bitch, I'll show you what a vet can do. Megan? I know where your killer is. MEGAN: This guy's gonna bleed out if I don't close him up. It's Karl Simmons. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't you dare die on me. It's over, Doc. You don't understand! They made me do it! I didn't want to help them! I had to! The police got their man. You performed life-saving emergency surgery. What else could be happening? Their spleens were removed so something else could be put in their place. There's no way one person could run those machines and perform surgery at the same time. For once in your life, don't over think this. (GRUNTS) You won't feel a thing. Who is that? Dr. Wallace's last victim. (MUFFLED SCREAM) What the... Bomb? (CELL PHONE RINGS) Hey, Lace. DISTORTED MALE VOICE:Dr. Hunt? Who is this? You've stuck your nose where it doesn't belong. Now I have your daughter, and you're gonna do exactly what I say. Or else she dies. (SCREAMS) - Lacey! - LACEY: Mom! - Lacey, are you all right? Talk to me. - I'm okay. (STUTTERS) I don't know where I am. Enough. Who are you? Why are you doing this? I'm gonna ask you questions and you're gonna tell me the truth. Do you understand? Yes or no? Yes. You found what was implanted in the body? Yes. And you know why those men were killed? Please, my daughter... Tell me, Dr. Hunt. The men, they were guinea pigs to perfect implanting the bomb. Does anyone else know? No. No, it didn't turn up on the X-rays. That's the point, isn't it? You're gonna remove the device from the body. I'm sending a signal to deactivate it now. (BEEPS) Now you're gonna bring it to me. Please, my daughter, my daughter, she has an insulin pump that needs to be refilled in a couple of hours, sooner if she's under stress. You do what I say, and I'll release her. But if anyone finds out about me, she dies. - Are we clear? - Yes. But you need to realize, the police know that somebody else was helping Dr. Wallace with the operation. And how do they know that? Because you told them? I... How unfortunate. No, wait. Please. No, stop. CURTIS: You okay? (GASPS) What's going on, Megan? It's personal. Are you sure you're not taking on too much too fast? Just get out. Leave me alone. Mind your own business. Go! (SIGHS) (SIGHS) Early this morning, Philadelphia Police launched a daring raid to apprehend Dr. Harvey Wallace, a man suspected of at least six serial murders. Wallace was killed in the operation, but police managed to save the life of his next victim, Army Staff Sergeant Karl Simmons, a veteran of the war in Afghanistan. - (PHONE RINGS) - Kate Murphy. I just had an unpleasant phone call from the FBI. About the Wallace case. What's the problem, that we solved it without them? They feel like we've shut them out of the investigation. So now they're going to go over everything with a fine-tooth comb. - Okay. - My point is that we need to make sure we have all the loose ends tied up. - For your sake. - My sake? You took the victory lap on this, gave your press conference. If this case blows up, you're the one who's going to get hurt. - And neither of us wants that. - (BEEPS) I have to take this call. Keep me posted. Did Megan finish the autopsy on Wallace's last victim? No. And she is out of her mind. Ripped my head off when I looked in. Something's up with her. What? When do you think you'll be done with your autopsy? Depends on how many people barge in and disturb me. I know you had some concerns about the Wallace case. I just want to make sure I didn't unfairly dismiss them. You weren't. We're fine. So, what about your theory that Wallace was implanting something into the victims? It's a theory. So you have another explanation for the surgical mesh you found in the bodies? My explanation is that Wallace was insane, and we can't begin to understand why he did what he did. What? I've never known you to turn your back on an unanswered question. Ever. - Maybe I'm learning from you. - Excuse me? A couple of hours ago, all you cared about was your press conference. And now all of a sudden you're worried about doing your job. What happened? Did somebody tell you you should cover your ass? - I resent that. - Good. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Dr. Murphy. Yes. Okay. Where? All right, I'll send a team right out. Thanks. Police are calling for an ME. Homicide in Greenbury Park. Take Ethan, I'll handle the autopsy from here. - That's my case. - Not anymore. I need to make sure it's done right. TOMMY: This was rough. Victim was just a kid, 15, 16 years old. Caucasian female. DISTORTED MALE VOICE: Do exactly what I say. Or else she dies. (SCREAMS) You got a name? We were waiting for you to examine the body. (INDISTINCT TALKING) You okay? Turn her over. But I haven't done the GSR kit... Just do it. Makes you hope there's a special place in hell for somebody who could do this. Wait a second. I've seen her before. She's in a picture in Dr. Wallace's office. Is this his daughter? Yeah. Alyssa Wallace. Detective Sullivan, they found tire tracks further back. Congratulations, I'll call the commissioner. This kid's impressed with everything he does. (CELL PHONE RINGING) You are sick. She was a child. DISTORTED MALE VOICE: I see you found Dr. Wallace's daughter. That was for your benefit. So you know I'm serious. - Do you have the device? - Yes. There's a parking structure at McKinnon and 3rd. Go to the top floor. You'll get further instructions then. No, I can't do it now. I need more time. Not acceptable. Well, you shouldn't have killed her, then. If I leave now, people are gonna get suspicious. I can do it by 8:00. Be there at 7:00. Why are you doing this? For my husband. What does that mean? There was never anyone else for me. He was the love of my life, since the day we met. He served his country, three tours in Afghanistan. He was a hero. And then he came home, and he needed help. (WHISPERS) I don't understand. He killed himself. Because no one gave a damn. So everything that we talked about, our plans, having a family, none of it was ever going to happen. He lost his life. And I lost everything. But his sacrifice won't be forgotten. Killing people isn't going to bring your husband back. No, it won't. But it's the only way anything ever gets done. Liver's still warm. Likely killed in the last three hours. Which is after her father died. No, there's someone else involved in this. You are not going to repeat that to anyone, including the police. - Why? - I don't have time to explain. Just tell me you're gonna do it, Ethan, please, for me. - Dr. Hunt... - TOMMY: So what do you got? Looks like she was killed late last night. Really? Yeah. Uh... Her father probably dumped her here right before you caught up with him. You think it was Wallace that killed her? It's a likely scenario. Really? Because all Wallace's victims were adult males. He never shot any of them. And why kill his own daughter? Well, maybe he realized that we were zeroing in on him. But then, what do I know? I'm just an ME. I'll leave all the deep thinking to you. Get her back ASAP. Talk to you later. - Is she always that emasculating? - Yeah. She's never actually lied to me before, though. Thank you. Are you gonna tell me what's going on? What's important is finding out who killed that girl and where. And you don't think the best way to do that is with the help of the police? Go back with the van. Make sure that you do the external exam. Run blood for tox, get scrapings and trace, and then do a sexual assault kit, stat. Wait, where are you going? To talk to the only man alive who might know who killed that girl. REPORTER ON TV: Philadelphia police undertook a daring raid in the Port of Philadelphia earlier today, bringing to a close an intense 48-hour manhunt for a suspected killer of five local area veterans... Mr. Simmons, I'm Dr. Hunt. Hunt. You're the one that saved my life last night? It wasn't just me. And I'm not here for gratitude, I'm here for information. Okay. It turns out that Dr. Wallace was not working alone. There was somebody else involved, somebody who was forcing him to operate on those victims. I need to find this person. Another life is at stake. I'm sorry, ma'am, but if you're asking me if I saw anyone, the answer's no. Are you sure? Please try to remember something, anything. What about when you were abducted, being prepped for surgery? Last thing I remember, someone was sticking a needle in me from behind. Next thing, I was waking up here. Are you sure? Anything? Please. I'll keep trying, I swear. And if there's anything else I can do to repay you... No. Just... - Keep this between us, please. - (CELL PHONE RINGS) You have my word. Tell me you found something. Haven't found any foreign DNA yet, but there is some cellulose trace under Alyssa's fingernail. - Cellulose. - Could be anything derived from plants, fabric, paper, building materials... Yeah, I know what it is. Can the lab narrow it down? They're doing scanning electron micrographs. It's gonna take three hours. (SIGHS) That's too late. For what? Just go back to the body and find something. Look, if you want me to ask Kate or Curtis to take a look... (WHISPERS) No! I want you to do it. Just do it. (SIGHS) Tommy. I was just... I was just checking in on Karl Simmons. He's still feeling the anesthesia, so I wouldn't interrogate him just yet. Actually, I came here to talk to you. How'd you know I'd be here? I followed you. (SIGHS) You followed me? First you move to Philadelphia and now you're following... That's what a stalker does. Megan, you can go on the offensive with anybody else. This is just not gonna work. I'm here because you lied to me. Look, I've been a cop for 20 years. I could tell that girl died recently. There's no way her father killed her. What, you're a doctor now? Time of death is caused by many factors... Megan, just stop it, all right. ...of which you know nothing about. - Megan, shut up! I heard you talking to Karl Simmons, I heard you on the phone. You know there's another killer out there. Now you gotta tell me the truth, 'cause though I probably got more patience for you than any other man in the world, right now I'm running out of it. Do not touch me. Megan, talk to me, don't make me take this upstairs. You do that, they kill my daughter. What? (SHAKILY) Can you just walk away, please, for my sake? Just leave it alone. I can't. Whoever is behind this forced Wallace to implant the bomb in the six victims. By kidnapping his daughter. Just like they took Lacey. There's no metal. It's not gonna show up on a strip search. You almost gotta assume this is about getting through airport security, - they wanna blow up a plane. - Yeah. And if I don't give it back to them, they kill my daughter. If I do, God knows how many people they're gonna kill. What were you going to do? I've been trying to find the killer. So I don't have to answer that question. It's always been your problem. What is? Thinking you can do everything on your own. I didn't have a choice. Well, you do now. I'm not gonna let whoever's behind this blow up a plane-load of people. But I'm not gonna let them do anything to your daughter, either. How? No, I should be done about 8:00. Yeah, so I was thinking maybe sushi. That club on 11th later? - Yeah, listen, Adam's not gonna - Hey! - Make it tonight. Maybe another time. - Whoa. Yo. You think that was funny? Hello? Hello? Do you know who you just hung up on? A lingerie model. That's right, a lingerie model. This is her last night in town before she moves to Rio to teach a class in pole dancing. I need your help. (SIGHS) Okay. (WHIRRING) ADAM: Oh. What is that? TOMMY: It's a bomb. Any luck? There's two different liquids in separate chambers, which explode when mixed. I'm betting this cloudy solution here contains the potassium-rich compound, which we found in all of our victims' blood work. Diluting it out with saline should keep it from ever detonating. Uh, wait, you're serious? That's actually a bomb? I need you to put a team together, right away. Cops we can trust, work off-book, no questions asked. For what? We're gonna follow Megan to a rendezvous, where she's gonna meet the real killer of those six men. We can't get too close, or they're gonna kill Megan's daughter. What? We can't let them get too far away, 'cause they've plans to blow up a plane. Uh... Make the calls. I'll fill you in on the details once we're on the move. Can you trust him? Well, every idea he has is a stroke of genius, he doesn't know when to shut up, and, in general, he's a huge pain in the ass, but he's my partner. You didn't answer the question. I trust him with my life. (INHALES) All right. (SIGHS) This is our best and only chance of getting Lacey back, and netting the suspects. But there's a lot that can go wrong here for you and your daughter. I mean, you're basically risking your life on the word of a murderer that they'll give her back. For all we know, Lacey could still be... She's alive, Tommy. I know she is. There's no change here. - Status? - COP 1: Quad 1, no change. COP 2: Quad 2, nothing here. COP 3: Quad 3, same. COP 4: Quad 4, same. All right, remember, it's critical you stay out of sight. (BEEPS) ADAM: You know I'm here for you, right? Uh-huh. I just want to make sure you realize what could happen. If we lose the suspect, they blow up a plane, you and I will face criminal charges. Yeah, it sounds about right. Now, my point is, you're really going out on a limb for this woman. So, is she or isn't she why you moved to Philly? And I'm thinking, maybe, I deserve an answer, you know, considering the circumstances. (CELL PHONE CHIMES) TOMMY: She's moving. ADAM: All right. ADAM: Looks like the suspect made contact. Dr. Hunt is moving into the structure. TOMMY: She's moving out of sight. No, I got her. She's in the stairwell. (ELEVATOR DINGS) (CELL PHONE CHIMES) Got her. ADAM: All right. (ENGINE REVS) ADAM: Looks like we're on. White late model van, tinted windows. I'm trying to get a plate. - Can you see her? - No. - Karl? - Dr. Hunt. - (CRACKLING) - (YELLS) (TIRES SQUEALING) Come on! Where's Dr. Hunt? (STUTTERS) I don't know. Why? Because she knew I wanted to be updated on any developments in the Wallace case. So why didn't she, or, for that matter, you, tell me that the girl you found this morning was Wallace's daughter. You have to take that up with Dr. Hunt. I'm closing her up here. CURTIS: This doesn't make sense. The time of death Dr. Hunt reported doesn't match any of the labs. - What? - No? Really? Yes, really. Don't tell me you didn't notice that. All right, what is going on? And do not tell me to talk to Dr. Hunt. I am asking you. You're putting me in a very awkward position here. Really? You're gonna be in a worse position when I refuse to sign off on your fellowship. Answer the question, Ethan. Now. Wallace was working with someone else, that's who killed the girl. Dr. Hunt made me promise not to say anything. I don't know why. I don't even know what the hell is going on and I'm sorry I ever agreed to keep my mouth shut. You know why, 'cause I'm not good at it. Wait, why would she do that? What is she thinking? She didn't tell me. We'll discuss your future later. There is something we're not seeing here. Give me everything you've got on this girl. Preliminary ballistics, trace, tox, all of it. VOICEMAIL: This is Megan Hunt. Leave a message. (GRUNTS) (SIGHS) You should probably fall farther back. - They could make us. - (EXHALES) Widen the lead a quarter mile. (SIGHS) (GRUNTS) Where's my daughter? Where is she? You'll see her soon. Yvonne's keeping her safe and sound. Yvonne? Wallace's nurse? We met in a VA survivor's group two years ago. Pretty much taken us all that time to put this together. You forced Wallace to put the bomb in those men. (SIGHS) God, it was a test run. - Yeah. - (SIGHS) For putting it in me. If you hadn't saved me this morning, I'd have been on a 3:00 flight. Nothing left of me by now. Or anybody else on that plane. How could you kill innocent people? After what you've been through? Ever since we invaded Iraq and Afghanistan, 6,000 soldiers have died in combat. Incredibly tragic, yes. But over 6,000 veterans commit suicide each year. Men that I considered brothers, people that I loved. We were willing to give our lives for this country. But when we got back, it was, "The hell with you and your problems. "Just shut up, stop making noise." Well, I'm gonna make noise. I'm gonna make a noise that they can hear. A lot. For those lost men. Yeah? You just killed six vets. Shells. Like me, dead inside. I did them a favor. Like you did Wallace's daughter? War is accepting that change requires desperate measures. She was 14. It's a shame that Yvonne had to do that. But once you go to that place, once you take that first life, everything after is rote. Until it's your own time. All right, they're slowing. They're turning off the main road. And they're stopping. They're pulling into a one-story industrial building. Okay. Pull up everything you can on that location. City blueprints, points of entry, opportunities for cover. Start getting the team ready. (TURNS ENGINE OFF) Where is she? She's here. Lacey! Are you okay? - Mom! - (SIGHS) - Did they hurt you? - No. She's hyperglycemic. (BEEPING) MEGAN: I need that insulin! How long has this been out? A few hours maybe. I don't know. It's in the bag. She's not getting it yet. I did what you asked. I brought the bomb. This was never about bringing us the device. Which I assume you sabotaged. We have others. We need you to pick up where Dr. Wallace left off this morning. You're gonna put one in me. No, I'm not. Well, then, I'm sorry. Your daughter will die from diabetic shock. Or sooner. I'll be honest with you, Dr. Hunt. Killing that girl was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. But I will do it again if I have to. We need an answer now, Dr. Hunt. Will you perform the surgery or not? Yeah, I'll do it. All right, fellas. Look, these pictures, they aren't in real time, so we're gonna have to do a quick recon first. Then we're gonna split up into three entry teams, here, here and here. Adam and I'll take the front. Any questions? Let's go. Yvonne did some checking. You were an excellent surgeon. Except for that last operation. But losing this patient isn't an option for you, Dr. Hunt. Or your daughter. I'll administer the propofol. You intubate. YVONNE: Remember. I was a surgical nurse for eight years. I'll know it the second you do anything off-book. You ready? Yeah. Three, two, one. Police! (INDISTINCT YELLING) Damn it! They switched it out. They got an identical van. (SIGHS) Here's your tracker. Let's go. (SIGHS) (GROANS) All right. Give him an ampoule of physostigmine. I want him out from under quickly. Do it. Step away. And you can stop wondering about when the police are gonna come. Karl found the tracker. A sympathizer led them on a wild goose chase. I understand. Can you tell the captain we're on our way back, please? Okay, thank you. The FAA's shutting down air traffic, starting with a hundred mile radius, then going wider the longer time goes by. You know what? We can pretty much count on being fired as soon as we get back to the precinct. That's for starters. I don't care. Did they put an all-agency out on Megan? Any sign of her? Yeah, they're on it. So far nothing. Give me the damn insulin. There isn't any. MEGAN: What? Karl got rid of all your things. In case there was another tracker hidden in them. No! No! (PANTS) YVONNE: It's not gonna matter. Once Karl's gone, I need to get his statement to the media and continue getting our message out there. I can't do that if the police know who I am. (WHISPERS) Please. My daughter. Leave her alone. She doesn't know anything. She won't say anything. Please. Once I know that Karl's okay, it's what has to happen. Sorry. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Sullivan. KATE: Detective Sullivan, it's Dr. Murphy. The police have informed me that Dr. Hunt has gone missing, and under what circumstances. But I think you may be the best person to share this information with. What are you talking about? Wallace's daughter had cellulose under her fingernails. We just got the results back from our lab, IDing it as wood dust. They found her in a park. Could that be where it's from? No, it's from teak and mahogany trees, which don't grow around here. And it was ground fine, as if the wood had been machined. Looks like she was held, andlor killed in some place where they either mill or build things out of imported wood. - All right. Thank you, Doctor. - I just hope it helps. Get onto PCID, set up a database of lumberyards, mills... No, you know what? I can narrow it down way more than that. I just remembered. One of the men on the list of veterans, he worked at a mill. And it's right near an airport. Sometimes you are as good as you think you are. (TIRES SCREECHING) Mom. It's gonna be okay, sweetie. I need you to listen very carefully to me. Okay? (WHISPERS) Hey. Are you okay? Hurts like hell, but... Are we okay on time? Yeah. Ow. The flight's in four hours. (GRUNTS) When I tell you, you're gonna run out the door. (WHISPERS) I want you to get as far away from here as possible. And then you find someplace, and you call 911, okay? What about you? I'm gonna be right behind you. But you need to keep running, okay? Don't look back. Mom. Okay. Sweetie, promise me that, please. Here. Let's see if you can sit up. Yeah. I love you. MEGAN: Lacey, run! (BOTH GRUNT) (GRUNTING) Mom! Mom! (GRUNTING) (PANTING) Lacey, run! (SOBBING) LACEY: (SOBBING) I can't. (GUNSHOTS) (GRUNTS) TOMMY: Come on. ADAM: You all right? Where's Karl? Here. - He's got the bomb in him. - All right. (PANTS) Get out of the car, Karl. (GRUNTS) (STRAINS) I wanted people to hear me. There are better ways. I can't let you leave here. How this plays out is up to you. I know. (BEEPS) Let's see. We could watch The Incredibles, Toy Story, Enchanted... Mom, I'm a teenager. How about something a little more age appropriate? Sound of Music. Oh, my God. All right, fine. Let's get some rest. You know, it's okay if you want to go home. I'm getting out of here tomorrow. No. Staying. And I think that you should talk to somebody about what happened. You mean a shrink? Exactly what you refused to do. Okay, fine. It wasn't right for me. However, it can really help some people who have been through something traumatic. Which you have. And I don't want you to keep all of that stuff inside. When I start to fall asleep, just when you start dreaming, it's like, I'm back there again. Like I'm living through it. But I'm never too scared. Because in my dream, just like when it really happened, I always knew that you'd come for me. (SNIFFS) (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) One second. Wanted to check with you if it was okay to visit her. Didn't want her seeing me to bring everything back or anything. Hmm. Suspiciously sensitive of you. It's strange, huh? Hmm. You check into work yet? Kate is not happy that I lied to her, to say the least. But she doesn't seem to be under any pressure to fire me. Which I do not completely understand. You have something to do with that? Maybe. I had a little talk with the DA. I said that we could go public with the truth. That he was fooled into thinking the Wallace case was closed. That if it wasn't for you and me, Karl Simmons could've blown up a plane-load of people. Or he could just leave us alone, and take full credit himself. He and Dr. Murphy are holding a press conference as we speak. You're an evil genius. I'll take that as a compliment. Tommy. (SIGHS) Thank you. If it weren't for you... (SIGHS) Come on. Lace, I would like to introduce you to an old friend of mine. Old friend? That's right. Tommy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 