Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e3 - Lost Souls - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 3 - Lost Souls - full transcript 
 Megan and Tommy are faced with an unusual investigation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (GASPING) Looks like a probable methamphetamine overdose. Pupils are dilated. She needs fluid. Look at me. What did you take? Saline's up. You need to tell me so that I can help you. (SHOUTS IN LATIN) Was that Latin? (GRUNTING) - Restraints! Now! Now! - (SCREAMS) (MONITOR BEEPING) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She's crashing! Paddles! Clear! One more time, come on. Clear! Clear! (PADDLES CLATTER) The hallucinatory behavior plus cardiac arrest are consistent with a methamphetamine overdose. Okay, witnesses said she was hysterical, speaking Latin, and she broke her own arm. Yeah, that's right. Does that seem a little extreme for a meth overdose? Each is a special kind of crazy. - You don't know her name? - No. And she's never been here before? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Before someone dumped her in my parking lot and took off? No. How'd she break her arm? She broke it trying to twist out of the restraints. She was out of her head. It goes with the territory. Isn't it your job to protect your patients? Even from themselves? Are you impugning my integrity? Oh, I'm sorry. Was I too subtle? Look, this clinic scrapes by, all right? We do the best that we can with patients that most hospitals won't even touch. The girl was a train wreck. There just wasn't enough time. Listen, Dr. Dante, thanks for your time. We'll take it from here. Nurse, you okay? I took Latin in college. I understood everything she said. What was that? She said, "Tu mox morieris." You're... "You're all going to die." Anything else? Yeah, the room got colder the moment Dr. Dante brought that poor girl in. I know it's gonna sound crazy, but it just felt like evil. I've never seen anything like it. You're right. It does sound crazy. It's the truth. If you believe that, you shouldn't be working in a medical clinic. Thank you. You still think it's an overdose? I haven't heard anything to make me think otherwise. Feels a little weird to me. What about the room getting cold? I don't know. Maybe she bumped into the thermostat. CURTIS: CSU just took fingernail evidence and did a sexual assault kit. - Find anything interesting? - Nope. But DNA did come back negative for demon blood, but we're still waiting on the werewolf hairs. I'll keep you in the loop. Dude, that's not funny. It's not cool. Thank you, Ethan. I'm glad somebody's acting like a scientist around here. My nana always told me not to make fun of the spirits. It's bad karma. And I spoke too soon. (SIGHS) Okay, listen up. When a 17-year-old girl dies from an acute cardiac event, it's usually due to drugs. Pending confirmation from the toxicology report, cause of death will most likely be cardiac arrest due to methamphetamine overdose. Are you sure it's that simple? She has infected skin lesions, severe eye congestion. Par for the course. Drug addicts usually have those issues. But isn't it a little extreme, even for an addict? The cause of death could be sepsis. No, sepsis would've taken more time to develop. This was quick. What? Spit it out. I just don't think we can explain this all away with drugs. Really? Can we talk for one second about the fact that she broke her own arm? I mean, explain that to me, please, because it's kind of freaking me out. (CELL PHONE CHIMING) Tommy, what do you got? I just e-mailed you some photos. We got a hit on Jane Doe's prints. Her name is Rebecca Banks. 17-year-old high school senior. Honor roll, glee club. MEGAN: She looks like an angel. TOMMY: Yeah, a fallen angel. She's been picked up on possession of methamphetamine. I'm headed out to Malvern right now to notify the parents. You care to join? On my way. Okay, Curtis. Why don't you and Ethan do the autopsy yourselves? Let me know if I'm right or if I'm right. What... Adam's still on vacation? Yeah, so he says. I think he's in Atlantic City, falling in love over and over again. (KNOCKS ON DOOR) Hi, I'm Detective Sullivan, from the Philly PD. Can we talk to your parents, please? - We're very sorry about your loss. - (CHELSEA SOBBING) Chelsea, stop crying. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) How did Rebecca die? We believe it was a drug overdose. I'm not surprised. She chose a path of sin. Sin hangs over all of us. And then sometimes it falls. So you knew about her drug abuse? It's the reason I kicked her out of the house two months ago. Her sin was infecting this family, so I had to let her go. TOMMY: Had she contacted you since then? - She called... - Laura. She called once, two weeks ago, wanting to come home. I told her she was no longer a part of this family. She didn't call again. You disapprove? You don't turn your back on your child. - Megan, just... - No, it's okay. - Do you have children? - A daughter. Does she make you proud? Very. I'm glad. That's the way it should be. Now imagine all that promise going horribly wrong in the blink of an eye. Imagine that little girl you taught to ride a bike letting drugs turn her into a complete stranger. What do you do then? Everything in my power to save her. Of course. Because when our children go bad, our dreams get flushed down with them. So you sacrifice everything you have to save them. Until one day you realize you can't. You can only get sucked down with them. Okay, we'll contact you as soon as the toxicology report comes in, then we'll know everything that was in her system. You haven't been listening to me. I don't follow. It wasn't drugs that killed my Rebecca. It was the devil. This is no surprise. Autopsy confirmed cause of death, myocardial infarction. Still doesn't tell us what stopped the heart. (STUTTERS) Curtis, just take a look. How is this possible? That guy was a creep. No wonder Rebecca turned to drugs. (CELL PHONE CHIMING) Yes, Ethan? Um... You know what, you really need to see this for yourself. Mmm-hmm. It's about Rebecca Banks. ETHAN: They just appeared out of nowhere. When we started the autopsy, there wasn't a single bruise. By the time we finished, they were everywhere. Could somebody have done this while you and Curtis were out of the room? No way. No. We were just outside the door. Everyone relax. This is easily explained. Antemortem bruising sometimes has a latency period. The cold air in the morgue tightened the skin and brought out the bruises. Well, I don't think you're fully appreciating the fact that the body is covered in crosses. I mean, this is unequivocally weird. Really? 'Cause it makes sense to me. I think that Rebecca came home strung out on meth, all Caleb saw was evil, and he used a cross - to beat the devil out of her. - (MUTTERS) But that's not what killed her. Cause of death is still drug overdose. Actually, I just got the tox screen results. No drugs were detected in Rebecca's system. So, what killed her now, Dr. Hunt? There's still a scientific explanation. Yeah, I really, really want there to be one. (SIGHS) Whatever caused Rebecca to exhibit hallucinatory behavior at the clinic is probably the same thing that caused her heart to stop. A sudden release of adrenaline can shock the heart, too. Maybe something scared the hell out of her. What about the house? It's early 20th century. It's probably filled with environmental toxins. Mold, lead in the paint. Have you ever heard of environmental toxins doing this? No. You got a better idea, Dr. Sullivan? We need a warrant, fast. Could you get your boss to sweet talk the DA? I will check. Ethan, Curtis, I want you to oversee the CSUs when they do the tests. - I'm not going over there. - Oh, hell no. Stop it! Something killed this girl. It was not the devil. - Then you go to the house. - Mmm-hmm. You are scientists. Act like it. You should talk to Caleb. About what? The little cross bruises we don't even know that he gave her? We both saw him with his family. Could he have acted any more suspicious? It doesn't matter, Megan. You don't have any evidence. You can't even tell me what killed her. Okay, fine. Look me in the eye and tell me you don't think he's capable of murder. Okay. I'll put him under surveillance. (BELL DINGS) Magazine interview? Yeah, I think I could squeeze that in. No, it's always a pleasure for me to talk about the important work that we do here and to get the chance to shine a light on my incredibly talented team. The day after tomorrow's perfect. Okay, I'll see you then. Smooth. - Too smooth? - We'll see. What's up? I need your help getting a warrant. You mean you need me to call Dan. For what? I'm still looking for COD on Rebecca Banks. I wanna test her home for environmental toxins. Banks. The possible suicide? No. That's the Lambert case. Banks died at the clinic? Right. Of course. Yes. Sorry. I'll call Dan now. Work and politics, quite a juggling act. Don't drop the ball. (PHONE RINGS) Kate Murphy. Chelsea, you got a minute? Please leave me alone. Listen, Chelsea, we still don't know what killed your sister yet, but I'm here to talk to you about your father. I can't do that. I'm sorry. Why? You afraid of him? Look, I grew up in a tough household. Perfect happy family at church on Sundays. But at home? Different story. My father used the fear of God to keep us in line. If that didn't work, he'd use his fist. We learn through pain. He was showing you love to help you. I don't doubt that he loved me. I'm just saying he did more damage than good. Kids should not be afraid of their parents. So, what's going on inside that house, Chelsea? Did your father hit Rebecca? No. - Did he hurt her in any way? - No. Rebecca came home last week begging Daddy for help. She was really, really sick. I wanted to take her to the doctor, but Daddy told us to put our faith in God. But she got worse and I got weak. I snuck her out of the house, drove her to the clinic and left her there. You defied your father. What did he do when he found out? He didn't hit me, if that's what you're asking. Daddy said it was up to God to punish me. No. Chelsea, you're the only one who tried to help. You don't understand. Our family lives under a great sin. - Oh, no. - Mmm. This is the last place I wanna be. Well, at least we have each other. Right? Right? ETHAN: Curtis, you take the basement. I'll check the attic. CALEB: We just lost our little girl. And instead of letting us grieve, you treat us like criminals. This is for your family's safety. We want to make sure the house is free of toxins - so nobody else gets sick. - (SIGHS) You'll be back in before nightfall. Just stay local. Don't touch nothing, it won't touch you. Oh, Lord. Who does this? Oh, good to see you here. Breathe. You got to breathe. Oh, Lord. This isn't good at all. Oh, hell. Okay. (BOTH SCREAMING) (LAUGHS) Not so brave now, huh? Boy, you almost lost your life and didn't even know it. - Admit it. You're creeped out. - And you're not? Oh, no. I am. I'm glad you're here, man. You find anything interesting? Just this. Looks like someone's got a pen pal. (GASPS) Ethan, check that out. - Take a picture. - (CAMERA CLICKS) Okay. Okay. (GASPS) It's a tooth. What in the hell? "Hell" being the operative word. MEGAN: So whose tooth is it? It wasn't Rebecca's. She has a full set. Could it belong to one of her sisters? That's what we thought until the GC mass spec found traces of radium. Radium? Didn't they put radium in toothpaste in the '30s? Mmm-hmm. Until somebody figured out radioactivity was a problem. So, what's an 80-year-old bloody molar doing in the Banks' basement? ETHAN: Googled it. This man, Atticus Aldrich, killed his three daughters in the basement in 1934. Smashed their faces in with a sledgehammer. We think the molar is a remnant of those murders. I'm cold. Do you feel cold? MEGAN: Atticus is a dead ringer for Caleb. ETHAN: Uh-huh. That's because he's Caleb's grandfather. He also believed that his family was possessed by the devil. Atticus was diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic. Spent the rest of his life in a mental hospital. This is the sin that Chelsea said was hanging over her family. Maybe Caleb is repeating the sins of the grandfather, killing his daughters off one by one. He might crack if we confront him. I'll have surveillance bring him in. They're all here. Sat down for coffee about a half an hour ago. They're gone. CALEB: Chelsea, let me in. - I can help you. - (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Come on. (GRUNTS) (CHELSEA GASPING) (GROWLING) (GROWLING) (ROARING) Not you, too. No! Don't touch me, you son of a bitch! No. Come on. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. No, no, no. Come here. No. God is punishing me for Rebecca. (PANTING) I'm so sorry, Daddy. So am I, sweetheart. So am I. MEGAN: All right. Where are we on finding Caleb? Still no sign of him. No credit card activity, no trace of cell phone usage. But then again, Caleb doesn't believe in them, so. Okay, you know that even when you find Caleb, there's not one shred of evidence that he killed Rebecca. You've no reason to hold him. Don't worry, we'll find him. And when we do, he'll give us a reason. Kate is right. The evidence in this case has led to one dead end after another. Something killed that girl. Why can't I see it? - Maybe science can't explain everything. - (SIGHS) Tommy, enough with the spooky talk. The devil is the excuse, not the cause. At the very least, Caleb is guilty of bad parenting, if not murder. I'm not saying the devil did it. I've just been doing this job long enough to know that evil can be baked into people. Just because you can't see it on a microscope, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. You spent too much time in church as a kid. Maybe you didn't spend enough. - Mmm. - (ELEVATOR DINGS) Uh-oh. What's wrong? Does it bother you we don't go to church? Okay. Random. Why are you asking me this, Mom? Because some people find comfort in it. And if you're curious about it, I don't wanna keep you from it. Well, I have gone before. What? You have? A few times. With friends. (HUFFS) Why didn't you tell me? Because you don't like to talk about God. Because you can't explain it and you hate when that happens. Do you believe in God? I see God in science. Because it explains everything? Almost everything. Stop texting and do your homework. Ah. Hey, Lace. What's up? MEGAN: What? Unexpected good news. CSU techs found epithelials under Rebecca's fingernails. And we got a DNA profile hit. Caleb? No. Todd Higgins. He was arrested five years ago for a DUI, was never convicted. Where do I find this Todd Higgins? (BELL TOLLING) TODD: I've known the Banks family a long time. Rebecca was a lovely girl. She'll be missed. What happened? TOMMY: We're hoping you could tell us. We found your skin under Rebecca's fingernails. You were with her shortly before she died. Why? (SIGHS) Do you have a confession to make, Pastor? I know how this looks, but I assure you I was only trying to help Rebecca. Why did she have to defend herself? I was performing an exorcism. Caleb begged me to help, so I did. You thought she was possessed? I didn't believe it myself at first. I figured she was just using meth again. When I looked in her eyes, Satan was staring back at me. Based on what evidence? She spoke fluent Latin to me, a language that she's never studied. I speak a little Latin. Do I need an exorcism, too? You weren't there. And if you had been, you'd believe. Rebecca had cross-mark bruises. Did you strike her with that? My methods were extreme, but necessary. Since when is it necessary to assault a 17-year-old girl? Do you know why the devil attacks a child? To make it despair. Rebecca was not possessed. She needed a doctor. You cost her her life. TOMMY: Caleb and his family are missing. Do you have any idea where they might be right now? No, but he called me this morning. MEGAN: Why? Chelsea is sick. He wanted another exorcism. Yes, but I refused. Can I see your cell phone, please? I'm gonna try to trace this. Why'd you say no this time, Father? Because I was afraid. I adjure you, ancient serpent, by the judge of the living and the dead. Get away from me! - I adjure you to depart again - (GROWLS) From this servant of God, whom Almighty God hath made in His image. Yield! (SCREAMS) Cry! Scared little Chelsea's trapped in here with me, and she's never been happier! (GRUNTS) (CACKLING) Do it again, you pathetic coward! Yield, serpent, with this holy water. For it is the power of Christ who compels you. Yield! Back away! Back away, everybody. Move it. (GROWLS) (GROANS) She punctured her lung, it's collapsed. Call 911, now! EMT. 1259 Smith Canyon Road, now. A quarter for your jacket, Pumpkin. (PANTING) What did you just say? A quarter for your jacket, Pumpkin. Don't forget. She can't breathe. I can't inflate the lung. Give me a pen. I need a pen. - (GASPS) - (AIR HISSING) Okay. Okay. There you go. There you go. Breathe. Damn it. She's aspirating. MEGAN: She had a tension pneumothorax. I inflated her lung, but I really had to wing it. We'll take it from here. You had no right to interfere! Your daughter needs a doctor. She needs God. Or she'll suffer the same fate as Rebecca. Rebecca was dying while you were busy praying. Take some responsibility. You're an instrument of the devil. The only devil in Chelsea's life is you. And if you're not gonna do what's best for her, I will. - Get him out of here. - (SIREN WAILING) MEGAN: I spoke to the attending. Chelsea's not responding to the broad spectrum antibiotics. Any idea what made her sick? No. I suspected drug intoxication, but her blood screen is clean. It's just like Rebecca. (MONITOR BEEPING) She's getting worse, isn't she? Let's give it a little time. Let me take her home. Please? Hannah, this is the best place for her. No. God can't protect her here. MEGAN: Is that why you're here? To protect her? I can't lose another sister. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that doesn't happen. Would you pray with me? No, I'm sorry. I can't. I was like you once. A non-believer. - Really? - Yes. Rebecca was my older sister. I worshiped her. When Daddy kicked her out of the house, I hated him for it. I hated God. I wanted to go with her. To be free. So, what happened? Daddy showed me that Rebecca really wasn't free at all. She was Satan's prisoner. And drugs were the chains. Hannah, I know you don't want to hear this, but the devil did not make your sisters sick. I think it was your father. I don't know what he gave them. - You're wrong. - What if I'm right? What's stopping him from doing the same thing to you? Pain is the only thing the devil understands. Keep telling yourself that. We're wasting time here. Chelsea needs me by her side. It's not happening. Then I'm not talking. I want a lawyer. You're gonna get one, but I want you to listen to me closely. I'm gonna make it my personal mission to make sure that you rot in prison for what you did to your daughters. You want to see the face of the devil? Take a look in the mirror. No? Fine. (DOOR OPENS) - (DOOR CLOSES) - (SIGHS) (SIGHS) I don't know what to tell you, Mrs. Banks. I have no idea why your daughters are acting the way they are. But your husband is looking pretty damn guilty. Everything Caleb has done, he's done to save our girls! Is that so? Did he tell you about Grandpa Atticus, and what he did to his daughters in your house, 78 years ago? (WHISPERS) Don't speak of it! Caleb is killing his daughters and blaming the devil just like Atticus. No. No, the devil is punishing us for Atticus' sin! All Caleb has done is try to stop him! And now Chelsea is defenseless. Well, then help me. What did Caleb do to them? Nothing. Laura, you're not afraid of the devil. You're afraid of Caleb. I'm afraid he'll never forgive me. For what? Bringing Satan back into our house. What did you do? Caleb doesn't believe in medications of any kind. He said they invite the devil into our bodies. But as the girls got older and began their female mood swings, I gave them what my mama gave me. St. John's wort. It's an herbal remedy. I thought it was harmless. I made them promise never to tell Caleb. But he was right. St. John's wort is a powerful inducer of a cytochrome enzyme that can speed up the elimination of certain drugs from the body. Could explain why there were no drugs in Rebecca or Chelsea's systems. Exactly. By the time we tested their blood, the drug levels had probably dropped to a point that was undetectable by the tox screen. We may find out what made these girls sick. I'll rerun the blood, keeping the cytochrome enzyme into account. Better make it quick, 'cause I gotta cut these two loose pretty soon. Well, I know you have a full case load, but we need the new tox results in hours, not days. We're trying to save a young girl's life here. We don't have the luxury of time. It's not a request. Yeah, glad you understand. So, how long till we know? Three hours, tops. So, what was that stuff Chelsea was saying to you during the exorcism? Oh, I don't know. Nothing. Didn't seem like nothing to me. (SIGHS) When I was eight, I was very forgetful. I was always in my head. And I kept leaving my jacket at school, I had this long walk home, and by the time I got there, I was freezing. My mother, she just didn't know what to do with me. She kept saying, "You always have to make everything so difficult. "Do it the hard way." She got that right. (CHUCKLES) Thanks. And then, one morning we're at breakfast, my father, he looks at me and says, "Pumpkin," 'cause I had this little round face, "I will give you a quarter for every day "that you remember to bring home your jacket. "Now go learn something." How could Chelsea have possibly known that? I don't know. Rebecca and Chelsea's tox screens were positive for phencyclidine. PCP? Yes, but not your garden variety PCP you'd buy on the street. This is an experimental liquid form undergoing trials in China. I've heard of this stuff. It's been popping up on the streets stateside the past few months. PCP perfectly explains Chelsea's so-called "demonic" behavior. Hallucinations, paranoia, suicidal impulses, aggression. They weren't possessed, they were high. Looks like the devil gets a pass. Dr. Hunt was right all along. I like hearing that. Well, I don't like saying it. Curtis, call the hospital, let them know that Chelsea's suffering from phencyclidine ingestion. It already killed Rebecca. Let's hope we can spare Chelsea the same fate. You got it. Here's what's bugging me. PCP does not explain the skin infections or the conjunctivitis. What about Stevens-Johnson syndrome? Right. SJS. SJS, an allergic skin disorder caused by a drug or drug combination that most people don't react to. Why didn't I think of that? We know that Rebecca and Chelsea were taking St. John's wort. Maybe in combination with the PCP, it caused an acute reaction. They were sisters. They would have the same genetic tendency. Yeah, and dermal infection and conjunctivitis are both symptoms, which is why they looked possessed. I will check it out. Nicely done. Surprised? No. Pleased. Why didn't the girls just say they were on PCP? I don't think they knew. I think they genuinely believed the devil was inside them. Then they were poisoned. - Which brings us back to Caleb. - ETHAN: Maybe not. I've been going through the letters I found at the Banks house. This one's addressed to Dr. Jeffrey Dante. It's unmailed, unsigned and very, very explicit. You're blushing. How explicit? Okay, PG-13 version? Dante was playing doctor with one of Caleb's underage daughters. Game changer. Young lady, could you step outside, please? DANTE: What's this? TOMMY: You're under arrest. - For what? - Statutory rape. (CUFF LINKS CLICKING) Yeah, I wouldn't say anything either. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Dr. Dante, why do you have an experimental form of phencyclidine? For research. On what? How to catch jail bait? Come on. Kiss that medical license goodbye. Rebecca and Chelsea Banks both got sick off of PCP that Rebecca got from you. Nope. You're wrong. Rebecca was a drug addict, you like them young. I think you worked it out so you both scored. All right, first of all, I don't need to hook up with jail bait. All right? I do just fine. And second, the first time that I met Rebecca was when I was trying to save her life. TOMMY: I think we both know that that's not exactly true. What do you mean? Well, from what I've been reading, you knew Rebecca really well. And it sounds like she wanted to get to know you even better. I think I need a lawyer. Yeah, while you think about that, let me just lay a few things out for you. You're probably gonna beat the statutory rape charge. The victim's dead. But we're gonna charge you with killing her, involuntary manslaughter, unless we clear this up right now. I think you need to stop wasting my time and do the right thing. Rebecca didn't write the letter. Who did? Hannah. You're sleeping with Hannah? Yeah, she showed up at the clinic a few weeks ago with a bladder infection. All right, she flirted a little bit, no big deal, but then, when I closed up, she was waiting outside. (DOOR OPENS) I should've said no. But... You and Hannah had sex at the clinic? - Yeah. - Oh. Very classy. - She have access to the PCP? - I guess. But why would she steal it? I know what a tweaker looks like. She was no tweaker. It wasn't for Hannah. She was poisoning her sisters, and they didn't know what was happening to them. Where's your little girlfriend now? - Oh, God. - Whoa, whoa, what's going on? You have to help Caleb! Hannah's going to kill him! - Where? - In the basement. The door's around back. She has his gun. (WHISPERS) Stop. Hannah, put the gun down. Take another step and I'll blow his brains out. Put the gun down, Hannah. It's my turn to play God. TOMMY: Hannah, lower the weapon. I can't do that. Daddy has to pay. Put the gun down. We can talk about it. Hannah, think of your soul. You pull that trigger and God won't be able to help you. You'll condemn your soul to eternal damnation. I already have. Hannah, I know why you're doing this. - You know nothing. - Megan, stay back. You're angry with him about your sisters, right? I tried to help them! I sacrificed everything to save their souls! No, they did nothing but disappoint you. Chelsea is weak, and Rebecca was a drug addict. You worried about them so much. It wasn't fair. They were sinners. They didn't love you like I do. I love all my girls equally. But I'm the one that deserved it. I'd do anything for you. (WHISPERS) Hannah, you were the good girl, weren't you? Yeah, I was, too. You did everything right. Nobody noticed. Is that why you made your sisters sick? I put PCP in their food so that Daddy would think they were using drugs and kick them out of the house. Oh, my God, Hannah. No. CALEB: No. HANNAH: And Daddy thought it was the devil. All part of the great sin that was hanging over our family. And once again, Rebecca and Chelsea got all the attention, and I was forgotten. God save your soul. I don't know how. I love you, Daddy. Everything I did, I did so we could be together. Hannah, once you pull that trigger, you cannot go back. He's not worth it, Hannah. He isn't. - (CLICKING) - Hannah, please. Put it down, please. The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want... I'm so sorry. - No! - Hannah, no! (CLICKING) (HANNAH SOBBING) (MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY) - Figure it out? - (SIGHS) You know what's interesting? Guns misfire all the time. But revolvers? Almost never. Maybe it's divine intervention. Guess you'd have to take that on faith. - I do have faith, you know. - Really? - In what? - You. - You do? - Yeah. I have faith that, no matter what, you'll always be annoying. (MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING) (MONITOR BEEPING) MEGAN: Chelsea. (SIGHS) Where's my mother? She's taking a break. She told me what you did. Thank you. No, I'm just glad you're okay. It was touch and go there. I never lost faith. I admire that. I know your home life hasn't been easy. My father's not a bad man. He was just raised by parents who taught him to fear everything. Especially God. Daddy just wanted to protect us, so he did the same thing out of love. But I don't think God wants us to live in fear. Not my God. You're gonna be just fine. I'm glad that we had a chance to talk. Is something wrong? No. I had a question. Okay. When I stopped the exorcism, you said something. You said, "A quarter for your jacket, Pumpkin." Why'd you say that? I don't remember saying it. I don't really remember anything. - I'm sorry. - No, no. It's fine. It's fine. Just get some rest. Now go learn something. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 