Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e7 - Skin and Bones - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 7 - Skin and Bones - full transcript 
 Megan and Tommy are investigating the murder of a girl who was literally torn apart. They think someone on drugs. Tommy finds the man and he attacks him, biting Tommy. Megan looks at the man and thinks the man might have rabies. But when they examine him there appear to be no signs that he was bitten which is how rabies is passed. And when another person who appears to be also infected is also brought in, they wonder if the virus mutated to a strain that can be passed like the flu. But Megan learns that both men recently had some kind of transplant performed on them. So she thinks the tissue they got was infected. They also later learn that someone is going around and killing young men who are of similar physical characteristics. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Body of Proof... (FILTERED VOICE) Couple of airlocks. One here, one here. Dr. Charlie Stafford, Centers for Disease Control. It's said that I don't play well with others. Have you met Megan Hunt? You're making a big mistake. You need our help. I put my life on the line to save people. Then you should take advantage of what's standing right in front of you. Is that Grandpa? You should have this. What is this? A suicide note? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You hid this all these years? What's this? It's my father's suicide note. I need you to run it through the lab. Why? Because I don't believe a word in that note. My father did not kill himself. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) (LIGHT BULB BUZZING) (SIGHS) (DOOR CREAKS OPEN) Hello? Who's there? (SIGHS) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This isn't funny. I'm calling the police. (GROANS) (PANTING) (GROWLING) (WHIMPERS AND PANTS) (GROWLING) - (MAN GROANS) - No! (GROWLING) No! (GROWLS) (MAN SHRIEKS) (WOMAN SCREAMING) That's very impressive. Hey. I was just gonna call you. But you decided to service your weapon instead? Yes, sometimes it's all a guy's got. - (CHUCKLES) - But something tells me you came here to talk about something besides my gun. (EXHALES) I, um, was just wondering if you got the handwriting analysis back on my father's note. Yup. It came back this afternoon. I wanted to follow up with the guy before I got with you on it. Why, what did it say? The handwriting was a match. Your father definitely wrote the note. But? Well, the analyst said there were indications that the note was written under duress. - Now, look, Megan... - (BLOWS AIR) Okay. The definition of someone who is suicidal, means they're under duress. (STAMMERING) What about the forensics? I'm gonna push them as fast as I can. Tommy, I need to know this. I... - I know. You can count on me. - Okay. Okay. Thanks. Megan, uh, the reason I was gonna call you was I scored a couple of tickets to the Flyers game on Friday. I wanted to know if you'd like to go with me. Why would you think I'd want to go to a hockey game? It's cold, there's a lot of blood. It's right up your alley. (LAUGHS) I will pass. Ask Adam. No, I can't. He's gone to some bachelor party in Las Vegas. This isn't about the hockey game. I'm asking you out. (SIGHS) Tommy, don't. Because of something that happened 20 years ago? No. Because... Uh, you and me? (CHUCKLES) Not a good idea. (CELL PHONE RINGS) (SECOND CELL PHONE BUZZES) Megan Hunt. Tommy Sullivan. WOMAN: Victim's name is Melanie Summer. She's a preschool teacher over at Little Tree. Looks like she was torn apart by an animal. Or a zombie. MEGAN: I'd say he was all too human. That's a fingernail. Had to be on drugs to create this level of mayhem, not even care that your fingernails were tearing out. Maybe it was bath salts. Those things really screw you up. Such a waste. TOMMY: You know, this level of violence, the killer would have been covered in blood. Yet, there's none of it in the hallway outside. None in any of the other rooms, either. It's all centered in here. So how did he get away? It's like he vanished into thin air. TOMMY: Oh, so he's a magical zombie? I never said that. That window's open. No way. We're on the third floor. WOMAN: That's quite a jump. From the blood smears, looks like he broke his leg. Dragged it behind him as he hobbled away. Stay on your toes. (GROWLING) What the hell is that? Police! Show yourself! Maybe we should wait for SWAT. (CLICKS UP AND DOWN) (GASPS) (EXHALES) (GROWLS) (GUN CLATTERS) (GRUNTING) (GROWLING) (GROANS IN PAIN) (GROWLS) - (SHRIEKS) - (GUNSHOT) (TOMMY GROANS) (GRUNTS) (PANTING) - (EXHALES) - Tommy? You all right? (PANTING) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS, POLICE RADIO CHATTER) WOMAN: He's the building super. Name's Seth Boylan. According to neighbors, he was the nicest guy in the world. Nice guys don't try to eat people. See. What'd I tell you? Zombie. And you got bit, so you're next. Knock it off, Ethan. Human bites can be extremely dangerous. Especially from someone as sick as Boylan is. TOMMY: Did you say sick? I thought he was just on drugs. See this foam crusted around his mouth? Looks like rabies. The virus causes the body to overproduce saliva. It also explains his extreme aggression and hallucinatory behavior. He probably only had a few days left to live. Rabies is fatal? (HUFFS) Rabies is one of the most fatal viruses in the world. Which means you're gonna need some shots. (SIGHS DEEPLY) (KEYBOARD KEYS CLICKING) Hey, I got to ask. What was it like? What was what like? Being attacked by a zombie. Rabies have been around since the dawn of man, okay, and many think its symptomatology is what inspired Romero to create Night of the Living Dead. So I figure what you went through was as close to a real zombie attack as any of us could ever hope to experience. Don't you have any medical stuff to do, or... You know, many people tell me that I'd be the first to die in a zombie outbreak, it's not true. They're wrong. I have exceptional survival skills. Keen situational instincts that alert me to even the slightest hint of danger. What do those instincts tell you right now? I'm gonna go help Curtis in the exam. Sorry. Ready for your shots? There are other doctors in Philly, you know. You're the only one I trust. (GROANS) On second thought... Don't be such a baby. Rabies shots used to go in the stomach with a 6-inch needle, 23 of them. Now it's just five shots over a week. What? - What do you mean? - It's antibiotics. It goes in the butt. - You serious? - Mmm-hmm. You know, if you wanted to see my naked butt, you could've said yes to the Flyers game. Why? Do you pull your pants down at sporting events? (GROANS) Sadly, you'll never know - 'cause I have another date. - (CHUCKLES) Someone who appreciates my childlike spirit. (KNOCK ON DOOR) We've got trouble. I've been over Boylan's body with a magnifying glass and can't find a single bite mark. What's the problem? Because rabies is almost always transmitted by bite. Especially in humans. Then how did he get it? What if the virus has mutated into a more virulent form? I mean, this could be passed as easily as the common cold. We could be headed towards an I Am Legend-  post-apocalyptic-hell-pocalypse. Are you on drugs? Allergy medication. Ethan, there is no evidence of that kind of mutation. Rabies is a fairly stable zoonotic virus. But mutation isn't impossible. Yeah, viruses mutate all the time. But if the rabies virus had already mutated to become more infectious, we'd see more victims. - Morning. - Good morning. Good morning. Hey, Frank. Good morning. How are you today? Be better if I was still asleep. (GRUNTS) - Whoa! - (GROWLING) (SCREAMS) (GRUNTS) Get him off! (HYDRAULICS HISS) (REVS ENGINE) (WOMAN SCREAMS) (TIRES SQUEAL) (WOMAN SCREAMS) (WOMAN SCREAMS) (TIRES SQUEAL) (WOMAN SCREAMS) MEGAN: Symptoms appear identical. KATE: Any bite marks? Not that I could see. We'll know more after a full exam. KATE: We should consider making a statement. It's too soon for that. But not too soon to call the new health commissioner. (LAUGHS) Stafford. It's good to see you again, Megan. Wish it were better circumstances. Who are you kidding? An outbreak is your favorite kind of circumstance. Kate's already briefed me on the possible rabies mutation, and I'd like to close the door on it, but there's a new strain of the virus that's being passed from foxes and skunks. It's transmitted passively. Without biting? Yes. I'm sorry, who are you? - Oh... - Tommy Sullivan. Philly PD. Right. The man who put the bullet hole in Mr. Boylan's head. Was that really necessary? The guy tore up a girl. He was gonna do the same thing to me. Of course he did. He was very sick. He couldn't control his actions. Well, I'll tell you want, the next rabid lunatic pops up, I'll send him your way. Dr. Stafford is here to prevent the next attack. So why don't we get Mr. Chen's autopsy started so we can pull the brain and get a section for you to examine. That sounds good to me. - I've been stuck behind a desk too long. - (LAUGHS) I want to get back to doing what I love. Looking at viruses - under a microscope. - (LAUGHS) I bet that got you seriously laid in college. What was that? The guy thinks I'm insensitive to the needs of rabid cannibals. I don't know. Are you? Megan, who cares? Tommy, we need this guy. So zip it up and play nice. For once. MEGAN: Norman Chen, 38-year-old Asian-American male. Severe blunt force trauma to the right lateral chest, abdomen and pelvis. As with Seth Boylan, he reportedly exhibited signs of agitation and hallucination similar to the furious rabies virus. STAFFORD: Oh, it's definitely rabies. Those bullet-shaped virions don't look like anything else. Hello, beautiful. - You admire them? - (HUFFS) Of course I do. Rabies is the oldest virus known to man. Aristotle wrote about it in 300 B.C. Totally unique, doesn't enter the body through the bloodstream. Travels through the nervous system. Is that why the incubation times vary so wildly? Exactly. Anywhere from a few days to several years. It depends on how close to the brain the bite is, and how fast the infection travels through the neurons. And when it reaches the brain, it spreads like wild fire. Yeah. Aggression redlines, inhibitions disappear, salivation increases. And then comes the hydrophobia. Fear of water? (SCOFFS) More than just a fear. At the height of the infection, a rabies victim will react violently to the sight or sound of water. They vomit, lash out, they go into convulsions. At that point, they only got a few days left to live. Yeah, and those days are spent in madness. With the disease trying to pass itself on through spasms of aggression and biting. So cool. It's good to have you back, Stafford. Excuse me for a sec. What are you doing here? Murray and Wasik ran down the information you asked for on the rabies victims. I volunteered to bring it over after my shift. I wanted to check on you. - She's hot, huh? - Excuse me? You feel responsible for what happened? A little. Don't. It was my call to split up. (EXHALES) So what did they bring in on our vic? You think I read their report on the way over? Are you saying you didn't? Chen and Boylan couldn't have led more different lives. There's no single apparent connection between them, geographically or socially. So how the hell they both get infected? In theory, there's someone else out there carrying the disease. The index case, or patient zero. Chen and Boylan got it from him independently. Index case? You're pretty smart for a cop. Can you say that a little louder? (LAUGHS) - Thanks for bringing this over. - Sure. What'd she have? Some info on Chen and Boylan. Apparently they're not related. I told her there must be a patient zero running around out there somewhere. There is no patient zero. The rabies virus these gentlemen have is the standard virus. No mutation whatsoever. Then how the hell did he get infected if he wasn't bitten? STAFFORD: I'll have to do some more tests. - Wait. Hold on. - What is it? Traces of gauze and adhesive. I saw it earlier. An eye patch? He must have ripped it off in the throes of the infection. I believe that Mr. Chen has had a recent cornea transplant. Of course. What about Boylan? TOMMY: Wait, what's going on? Skin graft to protect a burn. I noted it during autopsy. That explains everything. Including the accelerated incubation period. Could you guys please tell me what you're talking about? We know how both men contracted rabies. Diseased donor tissue. Both Boylan's skin graft and Chen's new cornea. So there's an organ donor out there who's got rabies? No. Organ transplants come from the living. Tissue transplants from cadavers. Things like corneas, skin, tendons. Heart valves, veins, even bones. All of these are harvested from bodies after they're dead and then transplanted into living patients. So instead of patient zero, we're talking about cadaver zero? Right. But just to be clear, this is a good thing, right? Wrong. A single infected cadaver could contaminate hundreds of transplant recipients, all unaware that they've just contracted rabies. Which means there could be hundreds of walking time bombs out there just waiting to go off. We've issued warnings to all the local medical facilities. The problem is that cadaver zero's infected tissue could have been shipped to clinics, hospitals all over the country. Is there some kind of oversight agency that could help? In theory, it's the FDA. The reality is tissue harvesting is a barely regulated industry. In order to become a licensed harvester, all you have to do is fill out a form online. It takes the FDA years to check it out, they're so backed up. About two million products derived from human tissue are sold in the US alone every year. Yeah, the cash is ridiculous. You can profit &100,000 on one cadaver. I'm in the wrong line of work. We got to find a way to locate that tissue. Every hour that passes reduces our chances of stopping a rabies outbreak. You know, we could test the DNA on the transplanted cornea. Cadaver zero's tissue is still in the transplant. Exactly, and then we just have to hope the DNA is already in CODIS. That's brilliant. (CHUCKLES) Eh, just a little. Looks like the doctors who treated Chen and Boylan received their tissue from the same source. A company called Bio-Gen, Incorporated. All right, time for a house call. You want to come? No. I'm gonna stick here with Charlie and follow up on that DNA lead. No, I know he's got plenty of important stuff to do. He's gotta run a health department, right? No. No, actually right here is the best place for me right now. Right. Well, you should definitely have a doctor with you at Bio-Gen. I'm coming along. I'll get my stuff. Good luck. Good hunting. So, what's the deal with Stafford, anyway? What do you mean? He's the health commissioner. And you really should try not to antagonize the guy. He's kind of a tool. Why does Megan like him? Well, she didn't at first. They butted heads when the CDC sent him in on the Marburg outbreak. But I guess working together bonded them. What do you mean they bonded? You know how Megan always thinks she's the smartest person in the room? Well, Stafford challenges her, it makes her raise her game. Women like that. (STAFFORD) Ooh. Nice. So what's the deal with Officer Bad Ass? Tommy? Um... He's a little rough around the edges, but he's good at what he does. Seems a little trigger happy to me. He takes things personally. It's his weakness and his strength. From what I remember, you take things personally, too. Are you saying that Tommy and I are alike? No. You're much better looking. (CHUCKLES) Get this to the lab. They're expecting it. So how the hell did you end up health commissioner? You never struck me as the bureaucratic type. Well, a year ago I would've agreed with you. Then I realized how much good I can do by formulating the state's health policy. (IMITATES SNORING) (CHUCKLES) Okay, fine. It, uh... It has been a bit of an adjustment. A big one. But it's fulfilling. Although it's been pretty nice getting back in the trenches, with you. MAN: There must be some mistake. Our tissue can't have been the source of this rabies infection. Every cadaver that we harvest has its blood tested for infectious diseases. Rabies isn't present in the blood, so a blood test is useless. Well, that is all the FDA mandates. Why don't you tell that to the parents of the young woman who was murdered because of your infected tissue? The most important thing right now is to make sure that no one else is infected. So we need to know exactly where the rest of that tissue went. It didn't go anywhere. Thank God. Cadaver zero's tissue is right in here. We're going to need to take it with us. I can get a warrant if I have to. That won't be necessary. What's she doing? A body without bones could be disturbing for the families. So they replace them with PVC pipe. That's just so wrong. Here it is. Cadaver zero's blood sample and tissue. Great. Now we just need his name and vital information. I'm afraid I don't actually have that. - What the hell do you mean? - You have to understand, the demand for harvested tissue is at a record high. My in-house personnel are overwhelmed, so I outsource some of my harvesting to subcontractors. They hustle their own cadavers, they harvest the bodies offsite, then they sell the tissue to me. Cadaver zero is one of those. And you didn't require an ID for the body? Of course we did. There are forms. But when I pulled the paperwork, it was incomplete. - (SCOFFS) - Somebody should have noticed. They didn't, and I apologize. You apologize? Three people are dead. I'm close to bringing you in as an accessory. This is a simple clerical error. I can give you the person who harvested the body. His name is Ken Dobannis. There's a copy of his harvesting license in my office and his address will be on it. (TOMMY SIGHS) KATE: Clearly the address on Ken Dobannis' license is a fake. I got a bad feeling about this. We got a problem. The lab found a match on cadaver zero's DNA. He's a 21 -year-old college student named Brian Ellis. When did he die? No idea. What do you mean? It's a matter of public record. Brian Ellis is currently listed as a missing person. According to police, he was abducted off the streets three weeks ago. Now call me crazy, but I think this kid was murdered for parts. I can't believe he's really dead. We think he had rabies when he was abducted. Were you aware that he was bitten? Yeah. A stray dog, a few weeks before. But the bite wasn't bad and it's not like he had money to go to the doctor. Police report says that you were both drinking the night he was taken. Yeah. As we were walking home, Brian thought we were being followed by a black car. It sped off as soon as I turned around. Brian said he saw it earlier on the way to the bar. We laughed it off as paranoia. I stopped to throw up, and he went on ahead. Suddenly, he was screaming my name. And as I came around the corner, he was gone. The black car was speeding away. Okay, here's what we got. Brian Ellis was abducted off the streets by a black car, make and model unknown. Two days later, Bio-Gen purchased Ellis' tissue from a licensed subcontractor named Ken Dobannis. TOMMY: Now, the harvesting license is real, but the name and address used to obtain it, are not. WOMAN: So this Dobannis guy kidnapped and killed Ellis for his tissue? Plenty of people have been killed for a lot less than the &100,000 a body can generate. Well, a young male like Ellis, that could generate a lot more than 100 grand. Young bodies, they're harder to come by. Not if you kill them yourself. KATE: Why target Ellis? I mean, according to his roommate, the car had been following them earlier in the evening. So he was clearly targeted. But why not just go after somebody who's walking alone? That's a good question. We've been picking apart his life trying to find an answer to that. Why Ken Dobannis? TOMMY: What do you mean? It's a particular name. Why not Joe Smith or Tom Jackson? STAFFORD: You think it has some significance? Well, he's not stupid enough to pick a name that'll lead us to him. He's not stupid. I think he's very clever. So clever he wants us to know it. An anagram. Exactly. (CHUCKLES) "Skin and bone." How can my department help? Well, the ME's office has Ellis' remains. What are the odds that this harvester left some trace evidence that'll lead us back to him? It's a long shot, but we'll do our best. All right, we've got work to do. I've got a feeling Brian Ellis is just the tip of the iceberg. (PLASTIC CRINKLING) MEGAN: I found something anomalous. Traces of high index cavity fluid on the leg bones harvested from Brian's body. But cavity fluid's only used for embalming. Exactly. Any type of formaldehyde would degrade the tissue being harvested. Add to that the fact that at Brian's abduction site, there was a hearse, I think this guy harvested Brian Ellis at a funeral home. So Brian Ellis wasn't the only one who was harvested there. Five male college students in the last two months in the Philadelphia area have been reported missing, including one who disappeared a week ago by the name of Michael Finley. Why didn't the police make the connection? There's no evidence of foul play. College students aren't known for being particularly stable. That's no excuse. Your failure to connect those dots allowed this killer to prey on young men with impunity. You believe that, you're not living in reality. Hey, boys, knock it off. You can blame each other later, okay? We need to find the funeral home that this guy is operating out of before he kills somebody else. CURTIS: Megan! The cavity fluid you turned up is a brand the FDA banned eight years ago. No active funeral home is using this stuff. So maybe he's using a shuttered facility. I'll call in for a list. Slow your roll, Columbo. I got this. There's only one closed funeral home still standing. And it's less than a mile from five college campuses. TOMMY: There's no way I can talk you into staying outside until we get the building cleared, is there? Not if the Finley boy is possibly alive inside. Listen, Brian Ellis was harvested after two days. Michael Finley has been gone for a week. Let's go. MEGAN: Oh, God. Finley. Building's empty. Harvester must have left. You knew he was going to be dead, right? But I hoped he wasn't. - Detective? - Yeah. You need to see what's out back. TOMMY: The guy's not just carving up bodies for cash. He's a serial killer. He's figured out a way to monetize his psychopathy. That's a new one. Sick and enterprising. If he was just preying on college kids for cash, his victims would be more diverse. These are all young males. Same height, same build, same hair color. MEGAN: Except for Brian Ellis. He's got brown hair. All the others were blond. Could mean something. Could mean nothing. We won't know until we find out exactly what makes this guy tick. Why risk the exposure by selling the tissue of your victims? You said he thinks he's clever. He's probably daring us to try to catch him. Look what I found. Gotta be at least 60 grand in here. Probably the money from his last harvest. Gonna make it harder for him to run. No. He's probably got multiple harvesting licenses. All he's got to do to bring in cash, harvest another victim. TOMMY: You find anything beautiful about this, Doc? No. Can I ask you a question? Sure. What are you still doing here? This isn't a health crisis anymore. It's a police matter. I'm invested in the outcome. What outcome? The outcome of this case. What else could I possibly mean? You're a smart guy, Doc. You can figure that out. Cause of death was the same in every victim. (SIGHS) Exsanguination due to laceration of the carotid artery. So he cut their throats? They bled out in under a minute. But he didn't kill them right away. He tortured them first. From the bruising around the neck and the petechial hemorrhaging, I'd say he manually strangled them to the point of asphyxiation multiple times before ending their lives. Why in the hell would he do that? Make him feel powerful. Bring them to death's door, spare them, literally hold their lives in his hands. How long did he keep them alive? Somewhere between 10 and 12 hours. I got something. Remember the clean blood sample that the harvester sent to Bio-Gen? Well, I wondered where he got it. So I started to think, "Maybe it was his own blood." So I ran DNA on it. Ethan, if you found this guy, I will kiss you. - Really? 'Cause... - MEGAN: Ethan. Right. No. It didn't ID the killer. But it did match a college student that went missing over a year ago. In Arizona. STAFFORD: Arizona? So what, this guy's been harvesting bodies across the country? Looks like it. Wait. I've seen Arizona somewhere in this case. Where? Brian Ellis' roommate, Mason Geary. He transferred here from a school in Arizona. Excuse me. Can you help me? I can't seem to get this to turn. Sure. Thank you. (CRACKLES) (GRUNTS) TOMMY: Victim's name is Shawn Asher. He left soccer practice at 7:30, never made it back to his dorm room. We traced his cell phone to a garbage can on campus. Mason must have dumped it knowing we'd use it to find him. He fits the profile. Athletic, blond, young. Just like the rest of his victims. Except for Brian Ellis. Now our assumption is that Brian started to catch on to some of his roommate's activity, Mason had to kill him, set up the abduction scenario, made it look as real as possible. Any ideas as to why Mason is so focused on this type of victim? Officer Dunn, you know more about this than I do. Mason Geary was a foster kid who grew up bouncing from home to home. According to social services, when Mason was eight, he was regularly brutalized by the biological son of his foster parents. A blond college athlete living at home who enjoyed beating the crap out of Mason. Part of that abuse involved strangling him into unconsciousness. I see. And by the time social services found out about it, and moved him to a different home, the damage had already been done. How did he learn about harvesting? An anatomy class at Arizona Tech. Harvesting tissue was part of the curriculum. That's just great. Okay. He's not gonna kill Shawn and then harvest him. He's got a ritual. He'll strangle him repeatedly before cutting his throat, and he needs a safe place to perform that. I agree. And the clock already started ticking on this ritual two hours ago. We got a very short window to figure out where this safe place is and to stop Shawn Asher from becoming the harvester's next victim. (MAN WHIMPERS) (CHAINS RATTLING) (PANTS) Oh, God. (EXHALES) - Are you all right? - No, I'm not. I need to find that kid. Alive. I cannot look at another dead boy today. (INHALES) (EXHALES DEEPLY) (HUFFS) (PANTS) (CRYING) Now you know how it feels to be powerless. And scared. (COUGHS) (GRUNTS) - Did you find anything? - Nothing yet. We're running out of time. - Wait a second. - What is it? It's a pay stub. Mason had a short-term job doing night security at a campus storage facility. This has got to be where he's keeping Shawn Asher. Come on. Let's go. (GRUNTING) It's time to die now, Shawn. Don't be sad. (CRYING) You're about to become so much more than you are. Drop the scalpel. (WHIMPERS) You're not gonna shoot me. (WHIMPERS) One flick of my wrist and Shawn's carotid artery is severed. - He bleeds out in seconds. - (CRYING) You ever heard of the medulla oblongata, Mason? It's where your spine connects to your brain stem. In sniper school we call it the apricot. You clip that with a bullet and it's lights out. If you're trying to scare me, it's not gonna work. No, I'm not trying to scare you. I'm just telling you, the only one who's gonna bleed out in here, is you. (WHIMPERS) (GUNSHOT) You're gonna be all right, Shawn. - You okay, Shawn? You all right? Okay. - (PANTING) Hold onto me. Hold onto me. Can you walk? Come on. Try to walk. STAFFORD: I spoke to the mayor. I told him how impressed I was with you and your entire staff. Having you on the job makes my life a lot easier. Thank you. And I hope we can keep calling on you whenever we need an expert virologist. Yeah, get you out from behind that desk that you love so much. Well, I look forward to that. - Mmm. - (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Hey, anybody here drive a blue convertible? I do. Why? It's being towed. Aw, come on! (SCOFFS) MEGAN: Uh, wait, hold up, Charlie. I'll give you a ride to the impound. STAFFORD: Oh. I'll buy you dinner. Okay. It's a deal. Hmm. That didn't work out quite the way you planned, did it? No. It hasn't. - Hey. - Hey. That was some fancy shooting earlier. Oh, thanks. But deep down you're probably wondering, what would've happened if I'd missed, right? No. You don't strike me as a guy who misses. You got a first name, Officer Dunn? Riley. Do you like hockey? Sure. Who doesn't? I got two tickets to a Flyers game, Friday. I don't know if you're interested. I'd love to. (CHUCKLES) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 