Body of Proof: Season 2, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s2e19 - Going Viral, Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 2, Episode 19 - Going Viral, Part 2 - full transcript 
 As more people die, the team must figure out how to treat the virus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dani! No! Somebody help me please! Whatever that creep gave her was attacking him. No, no, no, don't touch him! Don touch him! Call an ambulance. What if it's not a poison but an infection? Seizing en route. She's massively hypotensive. I think we've got an outbreak. Dr. Charlie Stafford, Center for Disease Control. YouTube flagged this. - A whole lot of you are going to die. - It's an act of terrorism. Brendan Johnson, FBI special agent in charge. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bodies! Our terrorist is patient zero. He infected himself first, and then turned himself into a suicide bomber. We're talking about an exotic virus. Which are more deadly. But not airborne. People, the truth is... the terrorist is sick. He's... infecting... all of you, and he's still... out there. Kate. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I need an ambulance! She's going into circulatory collapse. I need an epipen. I have one. Here's one. - I need both. - Both? One's not gonna do it. On my count. Ready? One... two... Aaaah! Megan. Oh, thank God. Listen to me, don't you die on me. Believe it or not, I don't have a lot of girlfriends. I can't afford to lose even one. That's it. I can't wait any longer. I'm instituting mandatory isolation wards. Anybody has a fever over 98.7, they cough, we quarantine their ass, starting with her. 166 victims. 92 are in the morgue. The rest are being placed in isolation wards that are already at overcapacity. If we continue at this rate, half the city will be infected inside a week. Due to the good work of some of the people in this room, we've been able to track the movement of each vic over the past 72 hours. Here's what we've discovered... these six clusters mark the areas where most of the victims crossed paths with the terrorist. We have a bank, a convenience store, a gas station, pharmacy, coffeehouse, church. As you can see, all but ten victims can be tracked to at least one of these clusters. So these six areas are where we're gonna concentrate the investigation. So what about the ten that aren't traceable to any clusters? Uh, yes, the outliers. I see that your girlfriend is one of them, and her timeline is still half blank. Maybe if you filled that in, we could discover which cluster she went to. What do you think I've been doing? I haven't the faintest idea, Dunlop. As of an hour ago, our body count went from 78 to 92 dead. We are going to find the son of a bitch that did this. But in order to find the who, we need to isolate the what. So tell me what you know. What do we got? Antibiotics aren't working. E-even the patients that got them are crashing. We're seeing some common symptoms... uh, pancytopenia, pancreatitis, patchy liver cell necrosis, but not enough to account for death. Then we're running out of options. I've got one. Now you want to tell me why we're having this meeting of the minds? Tell me what you see. (Sighs Hemorrhage. Hemorrhage. Ooh. Rather spectacular hemorrhage. Hemorrhage. Hemorrhage. Looks like we found our common cause of death. Bravo, Dr. Hunt. Let's not do the happy dance yet. We still have no clue what this disease is. Yes, but we know what it does. Stage one, you think you have a fever, not knowing that inside, all of the blood vessels in your internal organs are starting to leak blood. Stage two, now you really know you're in trouble. Maybe you... you get a rash, you start bleeding from unmentionable orifices, but before you can do anything about that... bam. Hypotensive shock. Stage three, pulmonary edema, cerebral edema, death. Not more than 72 hours between the first symptom and the last. Body of Proof 2x19 - Going Viral, Part 2 Original air date April 3, 2012 Sync and corrected by atrn97g www.addic7ed.com So you're telling me this disease can turn your brain into cat food in 72 hours, but you have no clue what we're dealing with? You have over a hundred dead bodies in the morgue. Can't you find a-a microbe or something that can you tell you what this thing is? Do you know how many microbes there are in the human body? 100 trillion. That's a 1 with 14 zeroes behind it. Looking for one microbe is like looking for one specific drop of water in the Atlantic. How about this? Our little, uh, terrorist Typhoid Mary gave himself this disease, right? And it kills in 72 hours. Is our guy even still alive? So you're saying, one of our victims is actually the perp. I'm gonna wake up screaming in the middle of the night years from now because I didn't think of that. At first glance, I can tell you this... anyone who visited a cluster is not our killer. Why not? We have a complete timeline for each of them. They each visited a cluster. None of them visited all six. Our killer did, though. Who are these other people? They're anomalies, outliers. Ghosts, essentially, 'cause we don't have their full timelines. Three are clinging to... to life in isolation, seven are in your morgue. Maybe our terrorist is one of 'em. We're looking for injection marks, puncture wounds, anything that looks like a deliberate cut. Come on. Dani wasn't a terrorist. We can't afford to not be thorough. You want me to do it? I didn't know her. No, you didn't, so back off. You know, I hate this. Dani... dead. Kate's down. Peter's AWOL. We are falling apart. Feel free to tell me to back off again, but where is Peter Dunlop? Ow. Ow. Here. Let me. There we go. Good girl. Good girl. Say thank you to the lady, Louise. Thank you. She's shy. You must be a doctor. Yeah. How are you feeling? Honestly? Numb. My husband and I both woke up sick yesterday. He had a sore throat. I had a fever and... he went to work. I took Louise to school. Now he's dead, and we're here. I'm sorry. You're a doctor. Maybe you know. Did... did he give it to me? Did I give it to my baby? Will we die, too? Listen, we made it to the hospital. That makes us the lucky ones. They'll balance our electrolytes, maintain our oxygen status and blood pressure. And that all gives us a fighting chance of holding on until they can figure out what this thing is. Balance our electrolytes? That's a good one, doc. Does, uh, bourbon have electrolytes in it? I could use a shot right about now. Can't you see, people are scared? Yeah, they should be. They're dying. And newsflash... so are we. So if you could get that nurse for me, I was serious about that bourbon. - Really? A drink? - Yeah, I shoulda had one at the bar with that hottie the other day. What? Prisoner gets a last meal, right? I want a last drink. Peter Dunlop. Julie Tompkins. You people are so crass. I know that this seems intrusive, but frankly, people are frightened. They want to know exactly what their families are facing. Oh, cut it. Look, I want to know. My boyfriend just died of this thing. I don't have answers. That's honest, at least. This hooded figure from the Internet, he's calling himself "John Q. Plague." Who is he? Who are we looking for? We're looking for someone weak... who hides behind masks and who... spouts slogans that he learned off the back of cereal boxes. He got hold of something deadly, and for the first time in his pathetic life, he feels power. These outliers are gonna remain outliers. I've got nothing but a guy who cut himself shaving and two who have bed bug bites. That's it. No injection marks. Aside from a couple of hangnails, I couldn't find much of anything either. Well, I was hoping we could at least add a couple of clusters to agent Johnson's pretty little map. Where have you been? I went to see if the lab had finished running tests on those, uh, syringes from the terrorist's drug den. That took you 45 minutes? Uh, no. They weren't finished yet, so I tried calling the isolation ward to see how Kate was doing, but I couldn't get through, so I... Ethan, Kate does not want us wasting our time calling her. She wants us to solve the problem, find the killer. Maybe she'd like to hear the voice of a friend. So tell me, what did the lab say about the, uh, syringes? Oh, let me guess. The big three... heroin, cocaine, meth. Yes, uh, but here's the thing... one syringe had a trace for a drug the lab wasn't testing for. They're trying to isolate it now. Weird thing is, it was the only syringe that was wiped clean of prints. That's not exactly junkie etiquette. Mnh-mnh. We're thinking that syringe belonged to the terrorist, aren't we? Tell whoever it is, I'm busy. It's Kate. We're looking for a loser with a jumped-up God complex who thinks that the ability to kill makes him a man, when in reality, he is and he will remain... a coward. Hey, that's the guy who beat me up. Someone needs to tell him, the world already has one Dirty Harry. Please shut up. That guy just lost somebody he loves. Love? Overrated. Look at them. I'm glad I don't have some moon-faced relative slobbering all over me, telling me how sad life is for them when I die a horrible death. Sounds like sour grapes to me. Yeah? I haven't seen anyone visit you, either, doc. I came as soon as I could. And I-I should've come sooner. - No, I'm sorry. - No. You shouldn't be here. It's fine. I understand. I mean, it's good to see a familiar face, but I didn't call you here to hold my hand. The news, uh... said there's a clock on this thing... 72 hours from contraction to death. Has that timeline lengthened? No, it hasn't. That guy Trevino collapsed in interrogation the day Dani died, four days ago. So how come he's still alive? Marcel Trevino... part-time pickup artist, full-time con artist, went into tachycardia 96 hours ago in a police interrogation cell. Once the C.D.C. and the FBI came in, he went from being a suspect to just another victim. You guys kind of forgot about him. Maybe Trevino's alive because he's the friggin' terrorist. Okay, maybe he managed to figure out a way to, I don't know, stave off death so that he could spread the disease longer. Bud interrogated him. He went through his entire timeline. He wasn't at any of the clusters. Well, maybe he lied. Maybe he made up the timeline just to throw us off. - I've heard worse theories. - Where? I've spent time with him. It's not like the guy's exactly Machiavelli. These days, you don't have to be. All you need's Google and an ax to grind. Or meanwhile, back here on planet Earth, maybe one of these 17 drugs he's taking for preexisting conditions is accidentally slowing down the inevitable. Nicotine patches for his smoking habit, antabuse for a drinking habit, fluvoxamine for his O.C.D., interferon for a hep C infection, and doxycycline for chlamydia... this guy is a walking pharmacy. If one of those drugs is somehow keeping him alive, we need to find out which one. Now. Yeah, I got it. Thank you. Any one of the 17 drugs in his system could aid in slowing the disease, but to control test each one, that's gonna take time. We don't have it. I just got the results back on the lab from that syringe, the one that was wiped clean of the prints? The mystery drug was interferon. Trevino is taking interferon. Yep. Maybe G-man Johnson is the genius he thought he was. Trevino could be our terrorist after all. Hi, you've reached Gina Alvarez. I'm not available right now... Because she's drinking margaritas on a beach in Brazil and she doesn't want to talk to you. Dani. Now I have to re-record this thing. How do you stop it? Leave it, mama. It's cute. Mrs. Alvarez, um, my name is Peter, Peter Dunlop, and I'm, uh, I'm Dan... uh, I-I work... I work with your daughter. I need you to call me on this number as soon as you can, please. Where have you been? Thank you for being so understanding. Yesterday I was understanding. Today the city is in meltdown. So whatever you're feeling, box it up, put it on the shelf until this is over. Don't you dare. You know, we all have our own way of dealing with this, Megan. And my way is to find out what the hell happened to Dani. Your way is keeping me shorthanded. Tell me something. Did you stop for a second to call Lacey or Aidan or your mom? Aidan is out of town, and Lacey's with my mother. What if they weren't? What if one of them was on a slab in that room? Do you think there's the tiniest chance that you'd be doing things a bit differently? Peter, I get it. I know how much she meant to you. I do. But you're not gonna fill that void tonight, sitting here. And right now, I can't do this without you. This is coming through the tip line. It's from our guy. You're gonna want to hear this. I saw your man on TV, the one who called me a coward? - When a dozen people are killed...  - Hey, hey, hey, hey. Trace this. Trace this. ...in a wildfire, no one calls the flames cowards. Overpopulation leads to overconsumption. No system is exempt. - Our blind... - We got a trace on the call. - ...dumb pursuit of the happy ending... - It's coming from a bar near the hospital. Sir, the M.E.'s office is on line three. They think our guy is Marcel Trevino. - FBI! Get dow get down! - Everybody down! Get down on the ground now! Do it! Do it! Down! Everybody down! I said get down! Get your hands where we can see 'em! Now! Stay right there! - It's not him. - On the floor! - Damn. - - Move! - Who was the last person to use that phone? - - Get on the ground! - Don't move! - Uh, I don't know, but he... he left like ten minutes ago, out the back. All right, guys, let's go. Let's go. Come on. All right. Move it! Back door! Back door! - Out in the alley. - - We're on it. We may have missed our guy, but he left us a present. Help me. Hey. Oh, God. I'm so alone. I don't want to die alone. All right, what am I looking at? I sent our blood samples to the C.D.C., had them look at them under the electron microscope. - This is what we got. - Trevino's on the right. The person who made the phone call on the left. - Not the same. - I got that much. But they are both on interferon. Trevino is taking it for his hep C infection. This guy's taking a much more concentrated form. It's Human Alpha Recombinant 2B. I say, he's taking it deliberately to stay alive. Why? Is it a cure? Should we start giving it to the infected? No, indications show that it only slows the disease down. But the killer could be taking it to stay alive long enough to infect more people. Wonderful. We've got a walking dead man who refuses to die. Chin up, little Buckaroo. This, too, is fantastic news. We're looking at the two people who have lived the longest with the disease. Therefore, they have a higher viral load in the bloodstream. Maybe you can explain to me how that's supposed to make me happy? Because we just went from fishing in the Atlantic to shark hunting in a puddle, agent Johnson. With more disease cells present, we have a better chance of isolating what the hell we're dealing with. Oh, no. Candy canes and cheerios. What? You see those rod-shaped cells that hook at the end with little circles around them, looks like cheerios? There's only one virus on the planet looks like that. What is it? You've heard of Ebola? Meet his nastier bastard cousin. It's called Marburg. It's one of three viruses in the class of Ebola S and Ebola Z known to man. But this is good news. How can that possibly be good news? Well, because it isn't Ebola. See, Marburg burns brighter, dies quicker, it makes it much more rare. If it's so rare, how the hell did our terrorist get it? From a level 4 maximum-security containment lab. This is good news. There are only a few places on the planet this strain could come from. Is there a cure? That's the bad news. Code blue! Code blue! Bring in the crash cart! She's flatlining! I need a crash cart, stat! Okay! Prep for intubation. She's flatlining. Code blue. Losing her! Code blue. Got it, bagging her now. Clear the I.V. We gotta get this son of a bitch. But how? Stop thinking of him as a son of a bitch. Stop thinking of him as a man. I chase viruses for a living. I know where they like to hide, I know where they like to hunt. This man is a human virus, and these are his hunting grounds. What do they have in common? Why does he need to feed where he feeds? Stafford. Can we have the room? I've heard what you've been telling people, that there's no cure. You cannot tell me that the C.D.C. isn't working on one. Of course we're working on one. Right now we're concentrating on prevention. We gotta catch this guy. Well, more people are gonna get this disease before we ever catch this guy, so what are we gonna do, just write them off? Them? You mean your friend. Let me give you the speech you gave your boy Ethan. Dr. Murphy needs us to catch this guy. And I know she's your friend, too. You can't save her. You can. No, I can't. Some experimental trial, a vaccine, something? Yes, there's an experimental vaccine. It has never been tried on people. And when are you gonna get a better human trial than an outbreak right under your nose? Fort Derrick is an hour away by medical chopper. How you doin' in here? Not so good. I started getting the rash and the fever and jaundice, sensitivity to light, abdominal cramps. Sorry. Talk about blubbering. It's gon' be all right. It's okay. My brother couldn't make it in. They closed the airports. He's all I've got. I never thought I would die alone. Well, what the hell am I, chopped liver? You are not alone. I'm gonna sit here with you till they kick me out. Okay? Thanks. Okay, I get Stafford's human virus theory. And I agree that this guy is living, breathing viral scum, but I don't see a pattern here. Yeah, it took us a minute, too. But look again. All are places that have high-volume turnover and only one or two entrances or exits. And each place has one object almost everybody touches... the turnstile, the gas pump, the... the keyboard on the A.T.M. machine. One touch, maximum casualties. Maybe Dani and the other nine were all at some as-yet-unidentified cluster. With one exit and minimal security. Let's look at the other ten timelines again. Why are you bringing your cell phone? There is absolutely nothing legal about what we are doing, so I want to be sure to at least get a video consent from the patient before I administer anything. She'll give it. And I just want to say thank you. I know I can be a pain. I'm not breaking pretty much every rule there is just to get your harpy claws out of my ass. You were right. This is probably the only shot I have at getting a human trial against one of the deadliest viruses on the planet. So... Let's go virus hunting. Kate. Megan? What are you doing here? I'm like Marburg. I'm impossible to get rid of. We're gonna try to change that. It's experimental. There's no guarantee it's gonna work, but... I have to give it a shot. Thank you. Hey. What are girlfriends for? I, Marcel Trevino, give you my consent to do this test. Do it, doc. I give my consent. Wait. Hey. What are you doing? You said you would give it to Kate. No, I specifically didn't say that. Mr. Trevino's a much better test subject. There's more of the pathogen in his bloodstream. It'll be easier for the vaccine to recognize the virus and neutralize it. Who the hell are you to decide who lives or dies? Who are you? Wow. Wow. Wow. Flatline! Let's go! Let's go! I got 'em. Still dropping! I almost gave you an untested vaccine. I could've killed you. You wanted to help me. I can't tell you how much it means to me that you tried. I just killed that man. Nobody killed anybody. He was dying. You tried to save him. It didn't work. No, it didn't just not work. It killed him. It was our best chance. Our last chance. I'm sorry. Look at me. I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Curtis. The one place you're not gonna catch this guy is sitting here holding my hand watching me die. No. I'm not leaving you. You have been a truly good friend, which sounds odd, considering we've never really seen eye-to-eye. But... if you really want to be there for me, go catch this guy. Don't let him infect even one more person. That's odd. What's odd? Trevino's liver. Trevino's dead? Four hours ago. I tried to call you. Oh, I've been, uh, trying to piece together Dani's timeline. Right. Your way. How's that going? I know where she was every hour of every day for her last 72 hours. That's great. All except for one hour on day one between 2:00 and 3:00 P.M. I know, I know. It's only an hour, but it's unaccounted for. And so is where and how she got this damn thing. Well, this is where it all started, right here, at least for us, with those two. You know, he kept saying that he'd seen Dani somewhere before. And at first, I thought it was just some tired old pickup line, but what if it wasn't? They both have this disease, they're both outliers, they met somewhere before, and she has an hour missing in her timeline. Not in Trevino's timeline. The FBI double-checked it and reconfirmed it down to the millisecond. It's right there in his file. 2:30 to 3:00, he was on the number 24 crosstown bus. A bus... a high-volume place with only one or two exits where people have to touch the same thing. Didn't Dani drive a car? It was in the shop all last week. This whole time, I've been looking at where she went, not how she got there. She took the damn bus. So what are we looking at? Security footage from the number 24 bus. That's one of our outliers. Yeah. There's Dani. Marcel Trevino. I count eight out of our ten outliers. They all touched the railing. Yeah. The question is, who touched it first? I gotta go all the way back for that... to the first passenger of the day. His name is Jacob Mount. He's got a bachelor's in biochemistry from state. He was working on his degree in population study at Oxford when he dropped off the grid for eight months. Suddenly, he's back, applying for menial jobs at the W.H.O., the Penn Public Health Laboratory, the C.D.C. Hey, don't look at me. We didn't hire this assclown. Well, the W.H.O. did, as an intern in one of their facilities in upstate Pennsylvania, the one that stores level 4 biohazardous viral strains, including our friends Ebola and Marburg. He was fired six months ago evicted from his apartment three months ago, current address... unknown. So here's what we know, ladies and gents... who he is, where he's been, what he's spreading, and how he's spreading it. Here's what we don't know... where the hell he is now and what the hell he's gonna do next. As local law enforcement remain mum about the progress of the investigation, the average Philadelphian we talked to reels from shock to fear to anger to sorrow, but all of them want to know, who is John Q. Plague... and where is he now? A bank, a coffee shop, church, gas station, and now a bus. Seven clusters, seven very different targets, and Mount hasn't retraced his steps once. The question is, what's the next target? Spin me some scenarios. Excuse me. Hello! Actually, there are eight or nine clusters. Eight or nine? What are you counting I'm not, Dr. Hunt? The two remaining outliers who were not on the bus... Viola Marks and Thomas Highchurch. Uh, they have nothing in common. Uh, yes, they do. Cimex lectularius. Excuse me? Bed bug bites. Uh, we've been looking for commonalities among all the outliers, and there were none among all ten, but those two both had bed bug bites. Now they didn't get Marburg from those bites, but they did have them. There was an infestation of bed bugs at the Bingham Hotel last week. Maybe our two outliers stayed there. Maybe our killer did, too. Let's go. Dunlop. You're with us. FBI! Nobody here. - Damn it! - Clear. Bathroom's clear. Look, the desk clerk said he was sick when he checked in. He's even sicker now. He doesn't have much time left. He couldn't have gone far. Well, if he's going out soon, he's going out big. But where? He's gonna hit the school. You guys, with me! No, guys, wait, wait, wait. The elementary school doesn't make any sense. That place has way too many entrances and exits. It's not his M.O. Then he's not going there. But he doesn't have much time, right? Okay, so... where's he going? What does he need in order to feed? One or two entrances, one touchstone, maximum exposure. The only one that fits... the subway. Jacob Mount! Freeze! Ironic, 'cause nothing ever truly freezes... Get out of here! ...even when frozen. Life and death march on. Go ahead. Shoot. Help me splatter my blood over all these people. Help me cull this herd. I said freeze. Shoot. Shoot. We figured you'd plan something like this. Don't move. Nice working with you. Hopefully the next time, things will go more smoothly. No next time. I just got fired. What? Why? I'll admit, your charm is a bit limited, but you did just track down a deadly virus. Yeah, and I... stole a vaccine and killed a man with it. Who was going to die anyway. Just because Trevino gave his verbal consent to be a test subject doesn't change the fact that it was an untested vaccine that killed him. Actually... I don't think it did. Come with me. Now. Something about Trevino's liver hasn't set right with me. Look, see. Focal liver cell necrosis. He had frickin' Marburg, Megan. The Marburg virus and necrotic liver cells go together. But what if the Marburg was masking liver damage that was already present? Remember one of the drugs he was taking... antabuse... used to treat severe alcoholism? This guy shouldn't have been anywhere near alcohol, but look at his tox screen. His blood alcohol was .2. He was intoxicated. Somebody gave him a drink in the last 24 hours, and his liver was so damaged, he couldn't detoxify it. So your theory is that a guy who was exposed to the deadliest virus on the planet and shot with an experimental medication actually died from a drink? Yes. Your vaccine could still work. Welcome back, darling. Mrs. Alvarez, I... I'm Peter... Dani's friend. Dani told me all about you. Hey. You're looking a lot better. Thank you, Dr. Stafford. Hey, Dr. Stafford. Or Charlie? What do I call you after you saved my life? Call me Staff. Like the infection? But cuter. Megan told me you got fired 'cause of what you did for us. I'm actually sad about losing my lab. It took me ten years to get the decor just right. Well, I doubt you'll be unemployed for long, but... I do have a subbasement at the M.E.O. going unused. Are you propositioning me? Just temporarily, till your next job comes. The space is available and maybe we get some free lab work on the side? Well, you may regret that offer. It's, uh, it's said that I don't play well with others. Have you met Megan Hunt? A city mourns. A city heals. Our home, brave Philadelphia, survives. We at Channel 4 would like to thank the heroic members of law enforcement, the FBI, and the C.D.C. for all of their hard work... Hey, they didn't even mention you, mom. How lame. I had a lot of help, honey. I'm not a superhero. Aidan called you, like, a million times. He did? What did you tell him? That you were out saving the city. Lacey. What? Someone's gotta sing your praises around here. Good girl. What did he say? He said of course you were saving the city and just to call him back when you were done. Sync and corrected by atrn97g www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 