Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e12 - Breakout - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 12 - Breakout - full transcript 
 Some convicts are being transported, one of them gets out of his restraints and forces the van of the road. Some of the prisoners escape. The guard shoots one of them. Megan and Tommy arrive. Megan discovers that the prisoner who was shot is still alive. She treats him. They learn that the prisoner who escaped is a man Megan sent to prison four years ago for murder. Tommy questions the man who was shot who tells him the man who got away is not running is going to settle some old scores. They assume that he's going after the ones who sent him to prison. So Megan and Tommy find one of the men who testify against him dead from a gun shot. But Megan discovers that the man tried to help the one who was shot. Later Megan goes to her car and finds the man there but he proclaims he is innocent and wants Megan to prove it. He tells her that he was having an affair with the woman he was accused of killing. He thinks that her husband found out about them and killed her and paid the men who testified against him. Megan learns that the other witness was lying. Tommy checks it out and learns that both men were paid a great deal of money from a Cayman account. He learns that the account is the husband's. So Megan goes to Kate and tells her they have to exhume the body and go over it again. Kate is warned that the husband is powerful and that he could be a friend or enemy when it comes to her political aspirations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Tony Orlando & Dawn) ♪ ...Ribbon round ♪ the ole oak tree ♪ the ole oak tree ♪ bus driver, please look for me ♪ ♪ 'cause I couldn't bear to see what I might see ♪ ♪ I'm really still in prison ♪ and my love... Hey, man. How about something from this century? What the hell? Yeah, you. This music sucks. ♪ To set me free (Volume increases) ♪ I wrote and told her please 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ whoa, tie a yellow ribbon ♪ tie a ribbon round the ole oak tree ♪ ♪ round the oak ole tree ♪ tie a ribbon round the ole oak tree ♪ ♪ it's been three long years ♪ do you still want me? ♪ still want me ♪ if I don't see a ribbon round the ole oak tree ♪ ♪ I'll stay on the bus, forget about us ♪ (Lock clicks) (Grunting) Hey! Get off of him! (Grunting continues) Get back in your seat. Now! Pull over. (Tires squealing) (Loud thud) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Squealing continues) (Pants) We gotta move, man. - (Man) Just throw me the key. - Be quiet, man. - Come on! - What about the driver? He's out, Riley. - (Man) Come on, man! Come on, you guys. - Just us, guys. (Metal clangs) (Moans) (Grunts) (Gunshots) (Groans) (Gunshots) This is C.O. Davis. I have an officer down. Requesting immediate medical assistance and backup. There's an escaped fugitive on the loose... armed and dangerous. I repeat, armed and dangerous. (Sirens wailing) (Police radio chatter) Robert Riley is a convicted murderer. We need to bring him back in. We can start by tracking down all his ties on the outside. Now the marshals, they got border patrol and airports. We got trains and buses. But I want somebody to contact the Transit Authority. Let 'em know we want Riley's picture plastered on every station in the city. Hi, Dr. Hunt. Did you see that? She completely dissed me. You just gotta get to know her. Well, that's pretty difficult when she hardly speaks to me. Hey. What are you doing here? Kate sent me. (Exhales) Apparently your latest medicolegal investigator quit... again. I was really starting to like him. Really? Because he told me that you assessed his abilities as being slightly below that of a trained monkey. So I heard you worked Riley's original murder case. Yep. Put him away once. Happy to do it again. That's Oscar Ramirez, his cell mate. Possible accomplice on the escape. (Radio chatter continues) This guy's alive. Medic! 5 milliliters epinephrine. Get me a C.P.R. mask. Now! How could the medics miss this? Blood loss made his pulse almost nonexistent. He still has electrical activity in his body. (Blows air) (Gasps) (Sighs) (Gasps) Get an I.V. with fluids in him. Get him to Northeast General, now! (Siren wailing) Whoa. Whoa. Hold on a sec, guys. Hold on. (Oscar) What... what happened? Listen, Mr. Ramirez, you're headed back to prison with a few additional charges. But if you want to help yourself, maybe you can tell me where Riley's headed? Out of state? Out of country? Riley's not goin' nowhere. What are you talking about? He's got some scores to settle. (Laughs) ♪ Body Of Proof 3x12 - Breakout Original air date May 14, 2013 Sync and corrections by atrn97g for www.addic7ed.com Meet Emmett and Caroline Harrington. (Megan) The Harringtons are one of the wealthiest families in the city... Philly main line, old money, banking industry. But all Emmett's money couldn't buy Caroline's happiness. She had an affair with a man from a much lower tax bracket. (Megan) Our fugitive Robert Riley. He was working on their house as a contractor when he and Caroline started up. Right under her husband's nose for about two months. Then according to a witness, she tried to break off the relationship with Riley. And as a response, he did that. (Megan) Stabbed her with his wallboard saw. Two staff members testified at the trial. One of them to motive, and the other one actually saw the crime. (Megan) At the autopsy, I found Riley's fingerprints on her body and his D.N.A. under Caroline's nails. She tried to fight him off. Now Riley's looking for payback. We're contacting all the likely targets, putting them under police protection... Emmett Harrington, the D.A., the two witnesses who testified against him, and you. Consider me contacted. You will have a police escort to and from work until Riley is caught. As long as it doesn't get in the way of my job. (Cell phone rings) (Beeps) Megan, listen to him. Sullivan. On my way. (Beep) What? Riley's already started. (Door opens) (Sirens whoop and wail) (Car doors close) (Police radio chatter) So the victim's name was Marcus Webb. He was the driver... Harrington's chauffeur. He testified at the trial that Riley threatened to kill Caroline. Why does it always feel like we're working her crime scene? It's not mine. It's his. (Tommy) Who found the body? (Adam) They couldn't reach him by phone, so uniforms were dispatched. They saw a window broken. There was blood on the glass. So they're running it against Riley now. Appears to be a single G.S.W. to the upper right chest. (Camera shutter clicking) No exit. Signs of struggle, defensive wounds. So where are we on protecting the other targets? Well, we're still looking for, uh, the main witness against Riley... Brad Carter. He, um... (Clicking continues) he moved. No change of address. Otherwise, the D.A., Emmett Harrington are under protection, and we've got, uh, another officer looking after your old flame here. Old flame? (Radio chatter continues) Wait. You and, uh... You didn't say anything. Because it's ancient history and it's nobody's business, especially Junior's. Junior's? (Chuckles) (Tommy) I'm sorry. (Sighs) It just came up. I didn't think that Junior would be stupid enough to mention it. Of course. Dr. Hunt, I don't know what to say. Good, because we're not talking about it. Do your job. Which reminds me, it's not that I don't mind doing the job your medicolegal investigator should be doing... Which means you do mind. No, just wondering when you're gonna hire somebody that you don't fire or make quit. When I find somebody who's slightly above trained monkey. And right now, you're the only one who fits the bill. I think that was a compliment. Hey, what is it? Get a swab of that. Tell the lab to rush the results. (Indistinct conversations) Please inform my escort that I want to go back to the M.E.O. And don't keep me waiting. (Woman) Dr. Murphy, the D.A. is here to see you. Give us a minute, would you? Yes, sir. Dan, I can assure you that my department is doing everything we can to get Riley back behind bars. Try again. Excuse me? You'll have to do better than that when you talk to Emmett Harrington. Personally, I'd go with empathy. That's why you're here, to tell me I'm meeting with Harrington? He wants assurances that we will recapture the man who killed his wife. Assurances from me? A successful congressional campaign can cost millions of dollars. I want you on Harrington's radar. - I'm not sure how I feel about that. - Meaning? Meaning it doesn't matter how much money Harrington has, helping to catch Riley is my job. And all your doing is making sure Emmett knows that. 2:00, his house. Dan... Why do you want to run for office? To be in a position to do more good than I can now. Exactly. For the right reasons. And this is how it's done. (People speaking indistinctly) That guy is supposed to be protecting me from Riley? I feel safer being guarded by you. Thank you. That one... not a compliment. Hmm. (Inhales deeply) (Exhales) One projectile. Appears to be a .45... same caliber as the gun that Riley took off the guard. I read up on his case. (Bullet clatters) You know, Robert Riley's record was spotless his entire life till Caroline broke his heart. Love can bring out the worst in people. (Door opens) Why did the crime lab call me to pick up your trace report? Because I was busy. And I wasn't? Apparently not. (Scoffs) Thank you. Mm-hmm. Hmm. That was antibacterial cream. On the wounds of a gunshot victim. That's crazy. Doesn't make sense. Why would Riley kill him and then dress his wounds? (Keypad beeps, phone rings) (Line clicks) (Tommy) Detective Sullivan. Leave a message. (Voice mail beeps) Tommy. Why aren't you picking up? I need to talk to you about the Riley case, now. (Tires squeal) (Alarm chirps) Don't move. (Clicks) I don't want to hurt you, Dr. Hunt. Then how about putting down that gun? Just... (Sighs) hear me out. (Sighs) Please. I need your help. With what? Proving that I didn't kill Caroline. Why me? I testified against you. But you were the only one that was honest about the evidence as you saw it. Everyone else in that courtroom had an agenda. Which was what? Framing me for Caroline's murder. Emmett Harrington found out that his wife and I were having an affair, and he killed her and he framed me. And both witnesses lied. Why didn't you bring this up at trial? No one would believe a guy like me over a man like Harrington. But today, I finally got Marcus Webb to tell me the truth. Yeah, what's that? That Emmett Harrington paid him to make up that story about Caroline breaking up with me. This would all be a lot easier to believe... if you hadn't just killed Marcus Webb. Hey. (Pants) Wait. Wait. What... (Pants) Mar... Marcus Webb is dead? The police are under the impression that you broke in and shot him. No, I... look, I did... I didn't shoot him. So it's not your blood we found on the window? I broke in, and, yes, it got physical, but that was the only way I could get Marcus to admit that he lied on the stand. But I... I swear to God, I didn't shoot him. And I didn't kill him. And I didn't kill Caroline. (Sighs) I loved her. And I would do nothing to hurt her. But Harrington took her away. He took everything away from me, including the last four years of my life. You gotta believe me, Dr. Hunt. (Exhales deeply) (Police radio chatter) Please. (Sighs) (Radio chatter continues) (Door opens) (Siren wailing) (Tommy) You know, for a smart woman, you can be pretty damn stupid sometimes. You left alone. You walked right into Riley's hands. He says he didn't kill her. He was set up. (Camera shutter clicking) By who, the one-armed man? Tell me you're not buying this. I'm not buying anything. I'm asking questions. I found antibacterial cream on Webb's wounds. Great. Set the man free. Just hear me out, okay? Riley admits that he assaulted Webb, but he didn't kill him, which makes for a more sensible timeline. What if Riley fights with him, leaves, Webb tends to his wounds, the real killer of Caroline shows up, shoots him? Or maybe Riley had a change of heart, came back, and shot Webb himself. If he's so innocent, what's he doing there in the first place? According to him, both witnesses lied on the stand, and he got Webb to admit that Emmett Harrington paid him for his testimony. Yeah, but you yourself said Riley's D.N.A. and fingerprints were on Caroline's body. Yeah, those might have come from the romantic relationship and not from the struggle. He might not be the killer we think. Or he could be just using you. But we can't back up any of his accusations - because Webb is dead. - I know. It's a problem, which is why I want you to look into any large payments that both witnesses might have received. Yeah. Listen, I'm a little busy right now protecting people from a violent fugitive. But I know what this is all about. You worked the original case. Kind of afraid you messed up. (Camera shutter clicks) (Police radio chatter) Witnesses lie. Evidence doesn't. (Camera shutter clicks) I need to look at Caroline's body again. (Radio chatter continues) (Camera shutter clicks) (Man) When Caroline was killed, it was a very difficult time. Now with Riley out there... I can only imagine what you must be feeling. We saw the news. Marcus Webb was shot? I'm afraid so, yes. Oh, he was one of my chauffeurs for almost ten years. A good man, dead... (Huffs) all because of Riley. They need to find him before he hurts somebody else. Stacey, I'm sure Dr. Murphy is well aware of the urgency. I can assure both of you that my department will be working nonstop along with every law enforcement agency in the city to make sure that Riley's recaptured. And once he is, he will never see the light of day again. (Woman) - Ma'am? Ma'am, excuse me. (Megan) - Thank you. I'm fine. I can find my own way. (Door closes) Megan. Uh, Mr. and Mrs. Harrington, this is Dr. Megan Hunt. - Hello. - She's the primary pathologist on the Marcus Webb case. Yes, and I don't know if you recall, but I was the medical examiner at Robert Riley's trial. Yes, Dr. Hunt. My pleasure. I'm sorry for the intrusion, but... because of Riley's escape, the identity of Caroline's killer has been called into question. You're saying Robert Riley might be innocent? - That's not what she's saying. - That's exactly what I'm saying. I would like to reopen Caroline's case, and to do that, I would need your permission to exhume her body. Absolutely not. (Police radio chatter) I thought you were trying to capture Caroline's killer, not desecrate her grave. I will treat her with respect, I assure you. I just want to make sure that justice was served, as I'm sure you do also. Robert Riley was and is guilty, end of story. Is there any reason you wouldn't want her exhumed? You are way out of line. Dr. Murphy, I don't know what game your office is playing here, but it needs to end, right now. My sincere apologies, to both of you. Harrington's probably already on the phone with the D.A. What the hell were you thinking, waltzing into this house and harassing the victim's husband? You come to me first. I heard you were here. Two birds, one stone. (Sighs) How about you just concentrate on doing your job, all right? Job? And what exactly was your job here? This is about your political career, isn't it? Harrington could be a big booster for you. I am not the issue here. Riley was right. Everybody's got an agenda. Riley? I spoke to him. You did what? He claims that Harrington murdered Caroline, and I'm beginning to believe it's true. Did you see his reaction to exhuming her body? You'd think he'd want to know who really killed his wife. He already knows. Riley did, all right? The man's trying to move on with his life. Or he killed her and framed Riley. Did you see that wife of his? (Sighs) Sure didn't take him long to trade in for the new model, did it? I need to exhume that body. Stop. All right? Just stop. No, I am not gonna stop... (Cell phone ringing) until I find out for sure who killed Caroline. Great. It's the D.A. (Beeps) I'll deal with you later. (Cell phone rings and beeps) Yo, Tommy. What's up? (Tommy) Finally dug up a current address on Brad Carter. Oh, the other witness. (Pen clicks) He's doing better than the first, I hope. I'm heading over to his place on Penrose and 19th. You got eyes on Megan? Yeah, she just went in to, uh, Emmett Harring... whoa. Hey. I have a couple of questions for Mr. Carter myself. You know what? Uh, Dr. Hunt... That's really not a... that's not a good idea. You'd rather I meet you there? So you and Tommy, uh, working together after all those years... Wild, right? Uh, what about your daughter, uh, Lacey? How's she doing? All right. You know what? We're gonna be working together, so doesn't it make sense to get to know each other? (Sighs) That's a $5,000 watch. On your salary? Rich girlfriend or rich parents? You tried to wash off the club stamp from last night, but I can still see it, and no guy with a girlfriend goes to a club on a Wednesday night, so I'm gonna go with rich parents. The question is, why would somebody who comes from money become a cop? Act of rebellion or reaction to trauma, which is it? Well, you know, maybe the watch is a knockoff. It's not. All right, you know, I... I thought that you were giving me a hard time because I work with Tommy, but that's not the case, is it? No, you expect everyone who flies around your airspace to bend over backwards in serving your agenda. Well, you know what? It's not my style. I'm a detective. You're an M.E. That means I work with you. I don't work for you. Lacey's doing great. Thanks for asking. (Vehicle approaches) (Door opens) (Engine turns off) Uh... (Chuckles) Tommy, uh... Yeah, uh, hey, I told her it was a bad idea, Tommy. - And yet, she's here. - Listen, she got in the car when you were talking to me on the phone. Mr. Carter, nice to see you again. How you doing'? How you doin'? I'm detective Sullivan from Philly P.D. - This is detective Lucas. - Hey. Yeah, I got your message about Robert Riley. Am I in any sort of danger? (Tommy) Well, we just want to put you under surveillance until he's apprehended and returned to custody. Or until the right man's apprehended. The right man? Wh... what does she mean? You're just gonna have to excuse her. Detective Lucas, could you take him inside, explain to him the few steps? Yeah. So, uh, we're gonna be positioning a man outside your house at all times. It's Riley. Watch out! Riley, stop the truck, now! (Gunshot) No, Tommy! What the hell are you doing?! (Tires squeal) (Engine revs, tires squeal) So the, uh, truck was stolen, obviously. The, uh, the make, model, plate number have been broadcast. Search grids are being set up. I mean, every available eye in the city is looking for this guy. Nice work, Adam. All right. (Police radio chatter) Do you have any idea how close I came to throwing your ass in jail for obstruction of justice? So many things could've gone wrong. - What you did was inexcusable... - But it didn't. Reckless, irresponsible. Never, ever again. Wait. Wait. (People speaking indistinctly) Brad Carter lied on the stand, and I can prove it. (Radio chatter continues) (Brad) 36. (Police radio chatter) 16. Why am I doing this? What does this have to do with anything? Good question. You'll know in a minute. What number do you see? (People speaking indistinctly) (Chuckles) That's a trick question. There's no number there. Mr. Carter... that little micromovement in your eye, it's called a nystagmus. It's often associated with color blindness. Four years ago, you testified that you saw a man wearing a red shirt matching Robert Riley's description running from the Harringtons' guest house with blood on it. How'd you know it was a red shirt if that color isn't even in your visual spectrum? (Radio chatter continues) Did you perjure yourself, Mr. Carter? I think I need to talk to a lawyer. If you're covering for Harrington, it would be in your best interest to talk to us now. I was under the impression that when I asked for a lawyer, you people stop talking. (Radio chatter continues) Maybe Harrington did get to these witnesses. Still doesn't prove Riley's innocent, though. I need to see Caroline's body again. (Indistinct conversations) So I got a question for you about the Riley case. Shoot. What do you think is worse, the fact that you almost shot an innocent man or that Megan was the one who stopped you? Very funny. Just because our witness is color-blind doesn't mean Riley's off the hook. No, but this might. What's this? Our color-blind witness' bank account. A 6-figure deposit was made a few weeks after the trial. Way to bury the lead. What about the other witness? Same thing. It's a possible payment for testimony. The money come from Harrington? Not sure. Wire transfer was made from the Caymans. I gotta contact over at D.C.I. who owes me a favor. I'm gonna give him a call. - Oh, hey. I was just wondering. - Yeah. Are you gonna send Megan an apology card or do you think flowers are the way to go? You finished? 'Cause I got actual real police work to do here. (Indistinct conversations) You want to exhume Caroline Harrington? Are you serious? We can prove perjury. Because he may have misidentified the color red? He clearly lied. Or just misspoke about a shirt. He still saw Riley fleeing the murder scene. Well, how do you explain the money? What money? My partner and I did some digging in the financials. 2 months after the trial, Brad Carter got $100,000 from an offshore account that I traced back to Emmett Harrington, same as the dead witness. Are you sure about this? Yes. The Harrington name carries more weight than you may realize. Once you turn this rock over, you may not put it back. (Megan) Excuse me. What about the Philadelphia Medical Examiner's Office? Doesn't that name carry any weight? Robert Riley went to prison because Emmett Harrington gamed the system, and we should've caught it. I should've caught it. (Kate) Dan, I appreciate your advice. I do, but given what they've turned up, I only have one choice. (Whispers) It's all clear. (Lowered voice) Let's get in and get out before she sees us. (Curtis) Yeah, put it on the desk. - Now let's go. - Okay. What are you doing in my office? (Normal voice) - Just leaving. (Normal voice) - Uh, good night. You just put something on my desk. Did I? See you tomorrow, Megan. Hold on. Hold on. (Paper rustles) This is the signed exhumation order for Caroline Harrington's body. We've gotta call the funeral home, now. Tomorrow! (Exhales) Tomorrow, because the cemetery is dangerous at night. I think what Ethan meant to say is, with all the hours he's been putting in as M.I., Kate probably wouldn't approve of all the additional overtime. So we won't ask Kate. Come on. (Pants) No, we... we can't. We... we've got tickets tonight to "Raiders Of The Lost Ark." It's a revival at Center City. It's Imax. 70-millimeter print. Oh! Oh, okay. So it's okay? Yeah. Okay, let's go. Watching Harrison Ford outrun a rock is infinitely more important than overturning a wrongful murder conviction. It's not like an innocent man's freedom is at stake or anything. You go. Go have fun. Okay. Let's... let's go have fun. Let's... On second thought, we can skip it. Traitor. (Crickets chirping) (Curtis) What exactly are we looking for on this body? (Megan) Something I missed before, anything. Ah, spider! Spider! - Oh, boy. (Scoffs) - Oh, God. That's a domestic beetle. He doesn't want a thing to do with you. He's looking to chow down on some dead Harri... oh, hell. Flesh. Damn it. Open it now, please. Open it. (Curtis) Ohh. The casket was supposed to be airtight. Yeah? Well, it looks compromised, doesn't it? So much for new evidence, huh? So much for any evidence. We better find something before the police find Riley. So I put my reputation on the line to exhume this body, and it turns out there's barely a body. Please tell me you have a plan. The plan is to do the best we can. This woman didn't get justice four years ago. Let's not fail her today. "Cause of death..." "exsanguination due to" "a penetrating sharp-force trauma" "with transection of the ascending aorta." Blade entered between second intercostal space, chipping an interior rib. Huh. The posterior ribs weren't visible during the first autopsy due to the soft overlaying tissue. So the beetles actually helped give us a clear view. What is that? The original X-ray didn't pick it up, so it must be the same density as bone. Blended right in with her ribs. Dr. Murphy, I believe this falls under your area of expertise. Honed edge. Looks like it broke off something. (People speaking indistinctly) Yeah. This isn't human bone. It's got tubules instead of haversian canals. That means it's from a tusk. As in ivory? Mm. And it's coated with some kind of resin. Coated with resin, sharpened edge... it's a knife. It's a fragment of the murder weapon. Riley supposedly used a wallboard saw made of steel. But the real killer used an ivory blade... (Sighs) for the initial stab. And then put Riley's saw in the wound track to frame him. (Scoffs) We had a piece of the murder weapon right in front of us... and I missed it. Megan, nobody could've seen that. Yeah? Try telling that to the guy who's been in prison for four years. We can't change the past. No. But we can set the record straight, and that means nailing Harrington. All right. Well, his living room looked like a museum. I mean, an ivory knife would fit right in. I doubt he would open his doors to us again without a warrant. You know, the D.A. golfs with half the judges in Philly. I could call him, see if he can expedite the process. (Police radio chatter) The man who killed Caroline's on the loose, and you want to search my house? Shouldn't be a problem unless you have something to hide. What are you looking for? A murder weapon. (Radio chatter continues) (Police radio chatter) (Latch tinkles) (Radio chatter continues) This is the knife that killed Caroline... your knife. Mr. Harrington, you need to come with me for questioning. That's absurd. I refuse. Then I'll arrest you. It's your choice. Stacey, call my lawyer. You're gonna lose your job over this. Harrington isn't talking. Can we put the knife in his hands? Possibly. The crime lab pried off the hilt and found some dried blood. Here. Yeah, but is it Caroline's or did Harrington nick himself when he stabbed her? Well, only the D.N.A. test will tell. - You need to stop what you're doing immediately. - Why? Harrington's attorney got the knife evidence revoked. That's impossible. How? Our warrant encompassed his legal residence, which technically, is his house in Florida. (Scoffs) We never had a right to enter the house, so anything found on our search is inadmissible. Apparently, the richer you are, the more justice you can afford. Mm-hmm. Wasn't your buddy Dan helping you with this? Yeah. Guess it's pretty obvious who he really helped. (People speaking indistinctly) Call the lab, tell them the blood on that knife... top priority. - But Kate just told... - I don't care. (Cell phone rings) (Sighs) (Ring) (Rings and beeps) Megan Hunt. (Riley) What happened with Harrington? - Riley. - The news report said he's being released from police custody. Yeah. His attorney found a loophole. So he goes free - and my conviction stands? - For now. Just hold on for a little longer. I've held on long enough. He's already taken everything from me. Don't do anything you're gonna regret. Justice will be served... one way or the other. Riley. (Exhales) (Indistinct conversations) Tactical unit's in position. We're going in. (Man) You go around back with the locals. (Woman) Left side! (Police radio chatter) (Cell phone rings) (Rings and beeps) Not a good time, Ethan. You're gonna want to hear what I have to say. I promise. Listen. I just got the D.N.A. report on the knife. How do you live with yourself? Can't we just talk about this like reasonable men? Riley! Step away from Mr. Harrington and drop your gun! Stay back. (Pants) I'll pull the trigger. No! Riley, no. (Panting) Riley, don't do this. This isn't you. I know it's not you. You're not a killer. I'll shoot him. I will. He's gotten away with this long enough. You don't understand. He did not kill Caroline. Yes, he did! No, I have proof. No. (Inhales) No, you're bluffing. Riley. Riley, look at me. Look at me. You came to me. You asked for my help because I was honest. I am telling you the truth. - There isn't any more time. - No! Don't! (Pants) Please. Robert... I believed in you. I believed in you when nobody else did. And I'm asking you right now... believe me. (Mouths word) Okay. (Exhales) Okay. (Sets gun down) (Man) All right. Get down. Do not move. (Man) Put your hands behind your back. (Handcuffs clicking) (Men speaking indistinctly) (Exhales) (Man) Come on. (Indistinct conversations) (Police radio chatter) (Emmett) Thank you for what you did in there. It was artful. Yeah, I was wrong about you. You really didn't kill your wife. The D.N.A. on the knife showed two distinct samples. One was Caroline's, and... the other was female. (Engine starts) That belonged to you. Am I correct? (Chuckles) (Scoffs) There you go again. As soon as you redeem yourself, you go and make ridiculous accusations. I don't know about ridiculous, but four years ago, somebody used one of your accounts to give all the witnesses in Riley's trial $100,000 each. What? Are you sure? (Megan) We figured, since you were his assistant then, you had access to that account. Honey, please tell them you didn't do it. (People speaking indistinctly) Stacey? That's okay. That's fine. We'll... get ahold of the checks, look at the signatures, run them for trace, and that should lead us to... who, do you think? Say something. Stacey! Caroline wasn't faithful to you, but I knew that you would never leave her. But... you... you didn't kill her? She didn't love you the way that I do. (Handcuffs jangle) (Handcuffs clicking) But I did it for you. I did it for you. (Police radio chatter) So she killed Marcus, too? You're sure? We found the gun in Stacey's car. She framed Riley for Caroline's murder four years ago, then used his escape to tie up loose ends, let him take the blame. (Huffs) I keep going over and over... Every interaction, every... conversation. The woman who did those things is not the woman I married. She... she can't be. Well, she went to great lengths to cover her crimes. By my side the whole time. When Caroline died, Stacey was there to pick up the pieces. I thought she was my... my second chance. But it was all lies... wasn't it? I'm very sorry for your loss, Mr. Harrington. Both of them. (Sighs) Thank you, Dr. Murphy. I have a feeling that our paths will cross again. (Blows air) Great work, Kate. You helped exonerate an innocent man and uncovered the true culprit. I really think that should become part of your campaign narrative. Oh, of course you do. Talk about it more at dinner? Oh, thanks, but not tonight. I've got some work to catch up on. If you say so. O... one second. I... just wanted to clear one thing up with you. (Sighs) The warrant for Emmett's house, the one you helped push through... did you know it's not his legal residence? (Inhales deeply) I think what matters most here is that, in the end, a killer was brought to justice. Without sacrificing any of your lucrative friendships. Good night, Kate. (Siren wailing) (Elevator bell dings) (People speaking indistinctly) (Speaks indistinctly) So what are you doing here? I just... I dropped off my report. In person? You're waiting for Riley. The funeral home's going to inter Caroline's body next week, and... I just thought he might want to know. Mm. I owe him that. You proved the guy's innocence. Your debt is paid and then some. You need to forgive yourself, Megan. (Chuckles) Yeah. That's not exactly my strong suit. Yeah, I noticed. I didn't get to go to her funeral. I'm sure there's a lot of things you didn't get to do the last four years. I had way too much time to go over and over what happened... the choices that I made. Caroline and I didn't get together under the best circumstances... If only we'd done everything above board... Robert, you have to stop blaming yourself. (Crying) I... I don't know if I can. But thank you. Oh. Don't thank me. Caroline is the one that had the evidence that led to your exoneration. She'd been holding on to it for four years, waiting to tell her story, and I am just grateful that I finally was able to hear it. I hope that you both... can move on. Sync and corrections by atrn97g for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 