Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e5 - Eye for an Eye - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 5 - Eye for an Eye - full transcript 
 Megan and Tommy are investigating the death of a convicted murderer who was recently released because of a technicality. So they first check out the husband of the woman he killed. But he has an alibi. Tommy's uncertain if it's important to find out who killed him. But Mrgan reminds him they have to be objective. Later another murderer, who was also released because of a technicality, was also killed. They talk to the wife of the victim and she too has an alibi. They later learn that both the husband and wife go to the same therapist. They think that they conspired to kill the person they want dead but when that doesn't pan out. They realize that they should look at the therapist. And when Megan's mom plans to sell her house, she has Megan come over to get anything she wants and it's while going through the things she learns a secret her mother kept from her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BUZZING) (JANGLES KEY) (ENGINE TURNS OVER) (TIRES SQUEAL) - (GUNSHOT) - (GRUNTS) (TIRES SQUEAL) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (FOOTSTEPS APPROACH) Clicking those heels could only mean one thing. No place like home? That's where he'd rather be. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your MI already identified him as Freddie Delgado. One hole in the windshield, one hole in his head, easy math. He's got tats. Gangbanger, he's a 26er. I don't think it was a gang hit, though. They're usually much more out in the open. Kind of a show of force. What in the hell is this? There's more where that came from. ADAM: Tommy. CSU's got the trajectory. Shooter was standing here. Clean shot, boom. And look here. Sunflower seeds. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Shooter was probably chewing them while waiting for Delgado to show. Killer was lying in wait. This was premeditated. Hello, Mother. To what do I owe the pleasure? Well, I have some news, and I wanted to tell you in person. What's that? I'm selling the house. I didn't even know it was on the market. It wasn't. A realtor came by with a cash offer from an interested buyer, and it was a very generous one. You've had that house for 40 years. You get one offer and you're just gonna... What? Take a chance to finally move on with my life? Okay. I just don't know how I feel about this. Well, you never really come by. So if you expect me to live out my days in a time capsule just because it holds ancient memories, you're mistaken. Could you just take some time to think about it? I did, and it's done. Escrow's going to close very soon, so if you have anything at the house, you should probably come by and get it out as soon as possible. I'll leave you to do your work. Move, please. - What's wrong with you? - Nothing. That's a whole lot of something. If you must know, my mother is selling the house. What house? Oh, the "house" house. Mmm-hmm. Oh, yeah, I remember that place. Well, some of it. The shower, kitchen counter, mud room. ETHAN: Ugh. I'm gonna do my best to un-remember that. Okay, we have some bruising, minor lacerations on the process of healing. He might have been in a fight 24 to 48 hours ago. So, I've got some info on our friend, Freddie, here. He was a recent jailbird. He shot and killed a 6-year-old girl during a robbery. He was released just last week. That's the same girl whose photos we found in Freddie's car. Why was he released early? Well, a mistrial was called because the prosecution improperly admitted evidence. Oh. That's a major miss. So the murderer got to walk. - Not for long. - After the ruling, the girl's father jumped over the partition, tried to attack Freddie. Said he was going to kill him. Maybe he made good on his threat. Yes, that's my daughter. That's Emily. We're very sorry for your loss, Mr. Winters. Where did you get this? We found multiple copies inside Freddie Delgado's car. He was shot and killed this morning. Well, what a shame. ADAM: You know, it's, um... It's no secret that you tried to attack him in court, Mr. Winters. No surprise you'd be angry with him. Do you have any idea why he'd have these photos? Yeah, I had been following him, leaving copies where I know he'd find them, so he wouldn't forget my baby girl or what he did. You didn't happen to follow him to a parking garage this morning, did you? Decide to take a little revenge? The day Freddie Delgado shot my daughter, he actually took two lives. Parents aren't supposed to outlive their children, it's not the natural order. I was supposed to watch Emily grow up. So, besides taking Emily, he actually took my future. And was I angry with him? Yeah, beyond reason. Did I wish him dead? Many, many times. But did I take revenge? No. Not today. I'll be right back. - What's going on? He's walking? - Not enough to hold him. Oh, hey. DNA evidence came back on the sunflower seeds, no match to him or anybody in the system. Plus, his alibi checked out. - WOMAN: Excuse me, Mr. Winters. - Yes? I understand you were brought in for questioning on the Freddie Delgado murder. Yes. Mr. Delgado shot and killed your daughter, yet he walked free and clear, only to be shot dead himself, just this morning. Care to give us your thoughts on the matter? Uh... My daughter was taken by a monster who showed no repentance for what he did. And, today, he got what he deserved. I didn't kill him, but I wish I had. I should have stood up for my daughter. Mr. Winters, are you saying you advocate vigilante justice? Call it whatever you want. But people have to pay for their actions, one way or another. An eye for an eye. Sure, people say that getting payback doesn't make you feel any better, but, I'll tell you one thing, they're lying. It does. That was Paul Winters, speaking out on the Freddie Delgado murder. So much for the grieving father, huh? He just laid down a call to arms. Eat up. It's gonna be a long day. ... whereas I express nothing but my deepest condolences for the loss that Mr. Winters has suffered. I cannot, however, echo his sentiments. - Over here. - Ow! Ow! Vigilante justice will not be tolerated in any form. PAUL: Call it whatever you want. But people have to pay for their actions, one way or another. ADAM: So I was just at the lab. What's all this about? Why is it so busy? You have Paul Winters to thank for this. His "eye for an eye" speech went viral. Wow. So people are just getting back against anyone who's wronged them? A lot of wounded people out there just looking for a reason to go off. Twenty-six calls so far. Thankfully, no homicides yet. Maybe I should rough up my landlord. He's been pretty damn slow to fix my toilet. (CHUCKLES) Hey, anything on Delgado's shooter? Uh, no, the projectile Megan recovered from his head was too damaged to run through IBIS. I'm gonna double-check Paul's alibi, run through his financials. If he's not the killer, I don't know, maybe he hired someone to do it for him. Sounds good. I'm going to go see the victim's widow. This guy was no saint. Maybe something from his past came back to haunt him. We got to nip this in the bud, quick. - Mrs. Delgado? - Yeah. I'm Detective Sullivan from Philadelphia PD. This is Dr. Hunt from the Medical Examiner's Office. Could we talk to you for a minute? "What's it like being married to a child killer?" Hey. Mrs. Delgado, we're very sorry about your husband. We're trying to determine who shot him, but we couldn't help but notice his gang tattoos. That's old ink. He gave all that up when Horacio was born. Freddie wanted a better life for him. But ain't nobody hiring a high school dropout with a record. But babies still need formula, right? Is that why he robbed that supermarket? He didn't mean for nobody to get hurt, okay? And if that one bullet hadn't gotten away from him... It tore Freddie up inside. Not enough for him to plead guilty. Where did this come from? That girl's dad came by the day before yesterday, shoved it under the door. Freddie caught him and he tried to apologize, but that guy went crazy, I mean, like, totally out of his mind. Freddie, he just stood there, I mean, he didn't even fight back. Like, how could he? Now he's gone, and we're alone, and the world just keeps turning. We're going to find out who did this. Yeah. Whatever. Paul didn't say anything about going to the victim's house. Yeah, or attacking him again. I checked out Mr. Eye for an Eye's alibi. Any holes? No, the opposite, actually. I got time-stamped security footage of him at a food court at Westbrook Mall. He was there at the time of the shooting. So Paul couldn't have done it. Could he have hired somebody? Not unless hit men do pro bono work. After Paul's daughter was killed, he got a divorce, he lost his job. (HUFFS) You know, he doesn't have two dimes to rub together. We're at a dead end. So, we let it be. Karma killed him. You know what? Honestly, I'm not gonna lose any sleep over it. MEGAN: What's going on with you? You don't like the victim, so you stop doing your job? - Hi. Come on in. - Hi, Grandma. Hi, sweetheart. Hi, Megan. - Yeah. - I'm excited for you. I was thinking maybe you can move downtown and be closer to us. Oh, I would love that. I would love it. (KISSES) You're such a doll. Well, Megan, I'll be selling most of the furniture and the decor, so feel free to take anything of sentimental value. Mmm. Sentimental value? Lmagine that. I used to come up here when I was your age, to get lost. (CHUCKLES) Here it is. - Wow. Was this yours? - Mmm. Mmm-hmm. Oh, look! (CHUCKLES) (CHUCKLES) Quarter. I put the stitches in that tiger. - Always a doctor. - Mmm-hmm. Is that Grandpa? What was he like? He was funny. He liked to dance. He was a little sad. Mom, what is it? (FOOTSTEPS APPROACH) JOAN: Please put that down. Mom, this is Daddy's stuff. You told me you got rid of everything. It doesn't belong to you. (STAMMERING) Just put it down. Or what? I might actually feel something? (SIGHS) When Daddy died, it's like you erased him. I guess, if he never existed, then he never shot himself in the head, right? Megan, this isn't the time. It's never the time! For 35 years, it has not been the time. Now you're selling the house, and all that's left of him is in this little box. You want to get rid of this, too? I don't want to talk about this. I do. - Close that box. - No. Megan! (CELL PHONE RINGS) For God's sake. (SIGHS) What? I'll be there. Come on. TOMMY: Fancy meeting you here. What have you got? Wow. Okay. Victim is Lori Keyser, 34 years old, she's a local. This is a halfway house. She's been here for three weeks since she got out of prison. For doing what? She did five years of a 30-year term for killing her ex-boyfriend. She threw acid in his face. And now she's had acid thrown in her face. An eye for an eye. Looks like we've got another vigilante murder on our hands. We're in uncertain times, and in times like this, we want to know that someone is looking out for our interests, not the interests of lobbyists pocketing... Damn. Damn it. Lining the pockets... - Do you have to do that? - I'm sorry. I thought you were already giving a statement on the new vigilante murder, but it sounded more like a speech. And not a very good one. Are you announcing your candidacy? Tomorrow. Wow. That's big. Why didn't you tell me? Well, because, for one thing, you've accused me of having divided focus, and I don't want that again. Ah. So you've been burning the candle at both ends and it's weighing on you. (CHUCKLES) No, I'm fine. If that were so, you wouldn't be wearing your BDB. - My what? - Bottom drawer blouse. The one you've got on is much too last season for you. That, and the fact that you're wearing the same pants and shoes as you did yesterday, can mean only one thing, that you slept on the couch last night, pulled out your BDB, freshened up, thought nobody would be the wiser. Do you have an "off' switch? No. (EXHALES) I really do hate you sometimes. Mmm. Okay, yes, it's weighing on me. Did you need something? Yeah, uh, Tommy and Adam are here, I thought you might want to be apprised of the latest vigilante murder, but never mind. No, I do. I do. No. No. You work on your speech. I got this covered. (SIGHS) Okay, let's all get on the same page here. Lori Keyser's cause of death was acute respiratory failure, due to inhalation of acid vapor. Delicate way to put it. That was nasty. Curtis is rushing her tissue to the lab to see if we can type the acid. ADAM: And it was an obvious case of revenge. Seven years ago, Lori threw acid in her ex-boyfriend's face after he got married to another woman. She was convicted of first degree murder. How did she get out after five years? Commuted sentence, prison overcrowding. Sign of the times. Are you going to try to solve this one, Tommy? Or is Lori too unlikeable for you? I've dated worse, as you know. So the next question, obviously, is who would want to get back at Lori? How about the wife of the man that she killed? Already looked it up. Since remarried. - Her name is Susan Hart. - All right. Oh, do you want to drive, or... Thank you. Thank you very much. MAN: Why don't you give me a call next week, and, um, we can see... TOMMY: How are you doing? Detective Sullivan, Philadelphia PD. Mrs. Hart, your husband said you would be here. Can we talk to you for a moment? Sorry about the intrusion. Uh... (STAMMERING) Okay, what's this about? Oh, Lori Keyser. She was murdered last night. I'm sorry. Murdered? MAN: Uh, Susan, would you, um, would you... Would you like to use my office? Yeah, thanks. - Um, please. - Thank you. And you are... Megan Hunt. Medical Examiner. Trent Marsh. (DOOR CLOSES) That's a... That's a very effective book. Did you lose someone to suicide? I was wondering whether Susan's mood was any different today. (CHUCKLES) You know I can't answer any questions about a patient. But a valiant attempt to change the subject away from yourself. (CHUCKLES) I thought that was supposed to be my job. And are you good at it, your job? I'd like to think so. I'm sorry, I just... I'm... I'm having a hard time processing what you're telling me. Lori Keyser was killed. And with acid? This killing could be seen as poetic justice. And, of course, you suspect me. Oh, my God, I... Lori was a disturbed woman. I could never do anything like that. Your new husband doesn't seem to think you've gotten over your loss. Bill doesn't understand me. Not at all. As if I could just forget and move on. Jeffrey's murder split my life in two parts, into a before and after. And all the things I've done since that day to pass the time, my job, my hobbies, my current marriage, are just distractions. But necessary ones. Because without them, honestly, I don't know what I'd do. What happened to your hand, Mrs. Hart? Um... I burned myself this morning. I was cooking breakfast. I specialize in grief counseling. And though the loss of a loved one is extremely difficult, in any case, survivors of suicide tend to have the most difficult grief journey. Those who lose someone to homicide have a target for their anger, the person who took their loved one out of the world. But with suicide, the target of your anger is the same person you're also mourning. If you don't mind me asking, who did you lose? (HUFFS) I really should get back to my colleagues. Megan, you don't need to run away from this. It's Dr. Hunt. (DOOR OPENS) TOMMY: Let's go. She's coming with us. Nice office. Thanks. Absolutely. Um, please... Please, take it. And if you ever need to talk, here's my card. (SIGHS) (KNOCK ON DOOR) Hi. I'm sorry about before. You made me realize it's time. You should have this. You know, I never told you before, but when people used to ask me about your father, I told them he had a heart attack. I was so afraid of what they would think. I blamed myself. For not seeing the signs. For not realizing that he was in pain. And for not being a good enough wife to make him want to stay alive. I would have been there for you. If you'd let me. You were 12, Megan. It's a mother's job to shield her children from pain, not dwell on it. That's why I took everything out of the house. You know, I just thought that... (SIGHS DEEPLY) I only wanted to protect you. What is... What is this? A suicide note? (STAMMERING) How is that... The police never found one. That's because I found it first. And, what, you just... You kept this? You hid this all these years? The deed was done. I was ashamed, all right? Why do you keep questioning me about something that happened a lifetime ago? The coward killed himself, Megan! What if he didn't? Oh, please. Not that conversation again. I know that your precious father can do no wrong in your eyes. How could he? He hasn't had 35 years to become the disappointment to you that I obviously have. Why now? Why are you showing this to me now? Because I think you should stop living under the assumption that there's an answer to every question. Why did he do it? I don't know. But give it up, Megan. I did. No. Never. CURTIS: It's almost lunchtime. Where the hell you been? Everyone and their mama calling my line. Oh, I knew I should have taken a personal day. You don't take personal days, remember? I got an update on your murder victim, Lori Keyser. She was doused with hydrofluoric acid. Our suspect Susan Hart had a burn on her arm. Same acid? No, ma'am. Susan was burned with cooking oil. She was telling the truth. Her alibi checks out, too. Great. Another dead end. Well, PD's widening their search grid around the crime scene, looking for any container of that acid. Lacey? Why are you... We were supposed to go to lunch. What, did you forget? No, I did not. CURTIS: No, ma'am. I don't. Hold on. Now, where are you going? You just got here. Guess I'm taking that personal day after all. Why don't everybody just go home? Bye, Lace. Did you make up with Grandma yet? We don't make up, honey. We endure. I know things with you two can get complicated. (SETS UTENSILS DOWN) I know you're mad at Grandma because she never talks about Grandpa. But you don't talk about him, either. (CHUCKLES) Yes, I do. Well, it's been a long time and he's not around, but I think about him. I do. Mom, when I was kidnapped, you had me start seeing that therapist. She's really helped me a lot. What about you? I mean, maybe you could see someone, too, and talk about all your stuff. (HUFFS) My stuff! Maybe if you get to know yourself a little better, it would help me get to know you better, too. What? Fine, my therapist told me to say that. I'm shocked. You talk to your therapist about me, your own mother? Maybe just a little. Mmm-hmm. I have to go to the restroom. Yeah, quick escape. (SIGHS) (CLEARS THROAT) This is a safe place, Megan. Just relax. So, how does this work? What do I... Whatever makes you comfortable. I'm not lying down. (CHUCKLES) All right. Why don't we start by just telling me what you remember about the incident, when you lost someone? (SIGHS) Okay. Um... I was 12. I was, um, walking home from school (INHALES DEEPLY) By myself, as usual. It was hot that day, unseasonably so. And I was walking towards my house. I saw lights. There were police cars. And I walked towards the porch, this policeman came up to me, told me my mother wasn't home. Then he just kind of looked at me and said, "Your father is dead." And I sat on the porch for, um, 40 minutes by myself, wondering who was going to water the plants that were right by the front door. Because that was my father's job. He always took care of them. (CHUCKLES) And who was gonna water them now? (CHUCKLES) I know, it sounds really stupid, but... No. No, it's never stupid. There's no right way to deal with loss. And, as I mentioned, suicide bereavement can be one of the toughest to deal with. For one, survivors tend to feel a lot more guilt. Did you? (VOICE BREAKING) I thought that he was mad at me. That I was bad. Why else would he do it? Why else would he leave me alone? The trouble is most suicide victims rarely offer up a true motive. Did he leave a note? I think that, um, I should get back to work. - No, Megan... - I'm sorry. We've only just begun, Megan. MEGAN: Hey. Thought you had a personal day today. I just saw Paul Winters. What? Our shooting suspect? Where? I was at the therapist's office again. - The same... - Don't ask why. And he was waiting in the office. He's a patient. So, the same therapist who's been treating Susan Hart? It's not a coincidence. Both of our cases, they got to be linked. Yeah, but there's no evidence they got vengeance on their loved ones' killers. No, but what if they killed for each other? We've got two murders, two suspects, both of them have airtight alibis. And they're seeing the same therapist. Maybe they bonded over their grief in the waiting room. So they do a little crisscross to get revenge. Like Strangers on a Train. Kill for each other, no one suspects you. It's the perfect crime. Not if we can prove conspiracy. We just link them up to each other's murders. The lab's working on overdrive. They're trying to match the sunflower seeds from the shooting scene to Susan. What about the acid crime scene? CSU found a plastic bottle about five blocks away from that halfway house with hydrofluoric acid inside. So they're running the bottle for prints and DNA with the hope that they can match it to Paul. Yeah, but look at them. They look hardly capable of murder. Under the influence of grief, anything's possible. Ugh. Great. Now you're saying I've killed some woman I've never even met? Well, that would be the point, wouldn't it? You kill for Susan Hart, she kills for you? Susan who? This is crazy! Paul, Paul. I can't help you if you don't talk to me. And you've been through enough, haven't you? You're right. I have. I'm not saying another word. Not till you get me a lawyer. SUSAN: (CRYING) No. No, I only know who Paul Winters is because I saw him on TV, I swear. Susan, I know you don't think that anybody can possibly understand all the emotions that you're going through right now, since your husband was taken away from you. But I want you to know that I do. More than you know. And I can understand why you'd want his killer to pay for what she did. No. Please stop talking about it. Just stop. Susan, did you kill Freddie Delgado? No! I don't know who he is! I don't know him. Please stop. Susan's not talking. Yeah, well, Paul lawyered up. If they think we're on to them, that's their last recourse. They can't admit to knowing each other. She's about to crack, look at her. I just need some more time. (CELL PHONE RINGS) Yeah. Detective Lucas. Uh, yeah. Yeah, that can't be. Can you check it out again, please? - Okay. Thank you. - (BEEP) Well, that was the lab. Everything's a bust. What's going on? DNA from both crime scenes came back, no matches to Paul or Susan, they didn't kill each other's targets. Great, that's all we had. We're back to square one. Not quite, you won't believe why. Both DNA profiles, they're identical. Wait a minute, the same person killed both victims? The only thing connecting both crimes is that therapist. (SIGHS) Dr. Trent Marsh. Dr. Marsh, our shrink, has quite the background. Ten years ago, his wife was murdered in their own house. MEGAN: Was he a suspect? Naturally, as the husband. But he was ruled out early on 'cause Homicide had one guy in mind, Nathan Jarvis, ex-con, who had done some time for sexual assault. Was he charged? Detained. Released due to a lack of evidence. So this case was never solved? (SIGHS) A year later, Marsh went back to school. Got his PhD in clinical psychology. Opened his own practice specializing in bereavement counseling. This guy has been immersed in grief for the last 10 years. I mean, it's only natural he'd go off the deep end. But why now? Maybe he wants to give Paul and Susan some kind of closure. Adam went to our off-site storage facility to dig up the file from the wife's murder. DNA reference samples got to include Marsh at that time. As soon as we match his profile to our two crime scenes, we got him. And you really went to this guy for therapy? What'd you tell him? (SIGHS) Enough. Now we make him talk. Thanks for coming down to the station, Dr. Marsh. I was hoping you could shed some light on a couple of open investigations I have going right now. Certainly. Two people killed by acts of vengeance. Both of them killed in the exact same way that they killed someone else. - I see. - Yeah. My prime suspects are both patients of yours. Paul Winters and Susan Hart. That's, uh... (INHALES DEEPLY) That's troublesome. Well, as you know, doctor-patient confidentiality would normally preclude me from talking about my clients, but under the circumstances... When I counsel survivors of homicide, I do have them focus their anger towards whoever's responsible for the loss of their loved ones. Just so they can get to a place of forgiveness, in order to allow the healing to begin. I just hope that I'm not in some way responsible. I think you are. Not for the same reason. But Paul and Susan, they're innocent. They haven't killed anybody. But one person did. And the only thing those cases have in common is you. So you're leaping to the conclusion that I must have done it. (CHUCKLES) Have you deduced what my possible motive could be, as well? TOMMY: There's your history. And your wife was murdered. The killer was never caught. Meaning what? I'm dissociating? Murdering others to feed my desire for closure that I haven't been able to attain. I like that. Well, now you're really thinking. (LAUGHS) Look, it's true, my wife does remain unspoken for, like so many. Think of all the families shattered every minute because of someone else's selfish, homicidal whim. The ripple effects of that single act psychologically damaging possible generations to follow. And yet, so many of those killers walk free. From a lack of evidence. Because of red tape. Technicalities. We try. You fail. And you sought to rectify that. Kill the killers yourself. Make sure justice was served. (CHUCKLES) See? Again. You try, you fail. Wasting your time accusing me. Look, I'm happy to go through the motions if it'll justify your paycheck. Search my house, take my prints, my DNA, whatever it is you do nowadays. I'm not a murderer, Detective. And even if I were, I'm sure you couldn't prove it anyway. Tommy? Please tell me you got something to nail this guy. Trent's DNA doesn't match the DNA from our crime scenes. - You're kidding me. - What? No. But here's the really messed-up part. When CSU was typing the DNA from the old case, another sample popped up. Nathan Jarvis. That's the prime suspect in the murder of Trent's wife. Seems impossible, I know. But then it hit me. So I looked up Jarvis. And guess what, a year ago, he went missing. And was never found. It's him. I know it. He's behind it. Trent killed Jarvis. He puts Jarvis' DNA at his murder scenes. The seeds, the acid container, all he has to do is put them in contact with Jarvis' body to get his epithelials on them. One big "screw you" to Philly's finest. MEGAN: Yeah, guess what? It worked. (HUFFS) He's getting away with murder. And I promise that I will represent the priorities and values of this great city, while cutting through the partisan paralysis that's choking Washington. All I'm asking is that you give me that chance. I won't let you down. Thank you. You looked pretty great up there. Oh, Dan. Auspicious start to your campaign. Presented your platform, thanked the right people and made all the right promises. I'm surprised you weren't there. To watch over your investment. I would've been, believe me. But the day job called. You've been apprised of the Trent Marsh case? Disturbing. Well, he just walked. How is that possible? There wasn't a shred of hard evidence connecting him to either murder. We couldn't make a case against him. Look, we know he killed those people. But there's absolutely nothing we can do about it. I really don't want to believe that. Neither do I. But, unfortunately, in my office, we don't practice justice, Kate. We practice law. Megan? What a lovely surprise! Did you want to make another appointment? This is yours. I don't want it. You're rather brave to come here all alone. Aren't I a diabolical killer? You only kill people you think deserve it. Mmm. I'm very sorry about what happened to your wife. I deal with the bereaved in my line of work all the time. And I never get used to it. Seeing people on the worst day of their lives. Grief is messy. It's raw. Makes people do unimaginable things. Do you really think that by identifying with me, you'll trick me into some sort of admission? No. You're way too smart for that. I came as a warning. A warning? You may think you've helped your clients by giving them some kind of closure. What about your victims? What about the loved ones they've left behind? Aren't they gonna want closure? Seek revenge? What if they find out what you've done? Is that some sort of threat? If you wanna see it like that. When it's my time, it's my time. And until then, I have a lot more patients that could do with my help. Not if I have anything to do with it. You're sicker than any of them. Oh, you don't really mean that, do you? I wish I could spend some more time with you, Megan. I'd really love to chat about your daddy. Any chance I'll be seeing you again? Eventually, everyone does. Don't you ever go home? Don't you? Needed a breather. Marsh got a little under my skin. Sociopaths tend to do that. He's your therapist. So you ready to tell me why you went to see him? What's this? A favor. "I have a heavy heart because of what I need to do. "To those who will read this, I am truly sorry. "But this world is not for me." It's my father's suicide note. Which my mother has kept hidden for 35 years. No wonder you've been in such a weird head space. Megan, I am so sorry. I need you to run it through the lab. Prints, DNA, handwriting analysis, the works. You know I'm not supposed to tie up the lab with personal use. Which means we can't tell a soul. But just one question. Why? Because I don't believe a word in that note. My father did not kill himself. I know it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 