Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e11 - Dark City - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 11 - Dark City - full transcript 
 Megan was out with Stafford when they see a plane fall from the sky. It crashes into the power plant, blacking out the city. Megan and Tommy go the crash site. They learn from the survivors that a man went berserk and pulled out a gun and starting shooting. He shot out the windows which led to the plane depressurizing which led to the crash. Megan takes the bodies to the morgue, while Tommy tries to find the rest of the plane, Dunn goes with him. Megan learns that the man who shot the plane was the air Marshall and that he appears to have been drugged. While Tommy is driving around, he gets distracted and crashes. He manages to leave a message on Megan's phone. When she hears it, she panics. Adam offers to go out and find him, he and Kate get in the elevator to leave but suddenly the power goes out and they're stuck. Megan learns that something happened to the generator, while Curtis and Ethan go to check on it. Megan learns from the survivors who are at the morgue that one passenger was acting strangely. So she goes to check on her but her body is missing. Curtis and Ethan learn the generator was tampered with. Adam and Kate work on the elevator and open the ceiling door and find the missing body. Tommy finds the rest of the plane and some other survivors. When the power is restored, they wonder if what happened at the morgue and the crash are connected. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (ENGINES ROARING) (WHISPERS) The ship's overtaken by rats. MAN: (WHISPERS) The ship's overtaken by rats. Okay. (WHISPERS) The ship's overtaken by rats. (MAN PANTING) (MUTTERS) (SCOTTISH ACCENT) Not exactly a frequent flyer, are you, love? These international flights, they can be hell on the old stomach, eh? You feeling better, hon? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That... That man... Filled with rats! (PANTS) Uh... Can you take your seat, please, sir? Just... - This plane is filled with rats! - (WHISPERS) Okay. And we got to kill them all, starting with the queen! Aah! (PASSENGERS SCREAMING) (AIR WHOOSHES) What's the deal with you and Detective Tommy Sullivan? Am I gonna have to fight a duel with that guy every time I want to ask you out, or what? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (LAUGHS) Well, I would pay to see that, but I don't think so. - But there is a story there, huh? - Yeah. A long one that I'm not telling. I don't want you to tell it, I just want to know it has an end. Tommy and I dated, some stuff happened, and now I'm out with you, having a very nice time. End of story. This was nice, wasn't it? Surprisingly so. It doesn't have to end here, you know. It kind of does. Lacey... She's a big girl, and she's with her grandmother. All you got to do is call her. Tell her you're gonna have a late night. A very late night. Hmm. (CLICKS TONGUE) Hey, it's me. Can you stay a little longer? Funny. Lacey just asked me to spend the night, have a girls' movie night, just the three of us. Okay, but make it two. I'm going to be out late. I think she was trying to mend the fences between us. I think that's gonna take a little more than popcorn and a movie, don't you? Okay. All right. It wasn't my idea. Never mind. If you're having fun, stay out. - Better for us both. - Thank you. I think. (SIGHS) My mommy just extended my curfew. Mmm. (JET ENGINES ROARING) (EXPLOSION) (WOMAN GASPS AND SCREAMS) What the hell just happened? (ELECTRICITY CLANKS) (SIRENS WAILING) (EMERGENC Y RADIO CHATTER) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (WAILING CONTINUES) Where's the ME? There she is. MAN: Hey! Get me six more hoses on that West Side fire! We need to set up that perimeter. What do you know? You're looking at Flight 875, or what's left of it, Antigua to Philly. Eighty-two souls on the manifest. What brought it down? NTSB's gonna figure that out. All we know is they lost altitude, clipped a few trees over there, and broke off a tail section. The main section cleared the woods, but took out this power grid. Blacked out half the city. - Intentionally? - I don't think so. I think the pilot dumped fuel before he hit, or else this whole thing would've blown sky-high. And we got survivors. Anybody set up an airlift to the burn unit over at County? - Who's in charge here? - You're looking at it. We got four paramedic crews here. The rest are all over the city, dealing with that blackout. What about NTSB? They're six hours out. They can't get in. The power outage shut down the airport. Medical personnel, listen up. My name's Charles Stafford, I am the Health Commissioner. We're going to set up a triage area off to my left. We're gonna make a makeshift morgue in this building over here to my right. Let's move, people. Go! Okay, he's all set. (SIGHS) That guy says the same thing as everybody else. A crazy guy with a gun shot out a window, depressurized the cabin. The FAA says there was a US Air Marshal on board, a John Davies, former Marine Corps. Manifest puts him in seat 26-D. I say we better find him. If he's still alive, find out why he didn't subdue the gunman. Maybe he is the gunman. The crash of a passenger plane into a power station has plunged Philly into darkness and chaos. There have been reports of looting and violence throughout the city, and we are live at the scene of the crash that caused it all with Dr. Kate Murphy, Chief Medical Examiner. What is the death toll so far, Dr. Murphy? I'm not at liberty to release that information yet. We still have people inside that plane, both living and dead, and our first responders are here to make sure that there are more of the former than the latter. (SIRENS WAILING, EMERGENC Y RADIO CHATTER) You need to give me more than that. Excuse me? You know who sent me here. District Attorney Dan Russell. He told me to come down here, get some hero shots of you, make you look good, and, in return, you'd be a little more forthcoming. So how about a few sound bites from our next congresswoman? Sir? Sir... Hey, sir. Were you on the plane? Yeah. You're damn right I was. Okay, well, I'm just trying to help. - That's him! - What? - Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. - That's... That's the jacked-up son-of-a-bitch that started shooting! - You sure? - I am sure! He shot us out of the damn sky! So a trained Air Marshal flipped out mid-flight, and brought down a jet he was supposed to protect? I wanna know everything about this guy, where's he's traveled, where he's trained... And why he had a seizure mid-flight. Petechial hemorrhaging, antemortem bite marks on his tongue. He had a seizure before the crash. We need to pull blood for a tox screen ASAP. Okay. Have Kate catalog everything. Have your people load him up, take him to the MEO. Go with him. The tail of this plane is still missing. There may be more dead or more survivors. I'm on it. Megan, listen. People go crazy during a blackout. Remember New York in '91? Yes, I remember. Just be careful, all right? Okay. You be careful, too. Okay. Thanks for caring. I'll call you to check in later. Hey. You need an extra pair of eyes? Uh, yeah. Sure. Flashlight, glow sticks, and a battery-powered radio. (LAUGHS) Boy, you girls are prepared. I watch this great series called Doomsday Prep Wars. First rule of surviving the apocalypse? Batteries. My first rule back in the day? Eat the perishables. (LAUGHS) You know, I haven't been in a blackout since New York, 1991. And I ended up walking 32 blocks from the train station to your mother's tiny little apartment on the West Side. And that's when I got my big surprise. I found out that she was dating Tommy Sullivan. Were they in love? No, it was just kid stuff. I tried to tell her so at the time, but she wouldn't listen. I know you probably don't understand why your mom and I aren't on such friendly terms these days, but I want you to know it has nothing to do with you. - I know. - Okay. Good. I know why you've been fighting. Mom thinks Granddad didn't kill himself, that he was murdered, and now she wants to bring up his body and... - Lacey... - I overheard you. And she doesn't know that I know. I just had to ask... I don't want to talk about this. - But, Grandma, what if Mom's right? - Okay? Why wouldn't you want to know the truth? I said no. I didn't want to have this awful, morbid conversation with her, and I certainly don't want to have it with you. How many are there? Fifty-two dead so far. But the good news is we have had reports of survivors. Is our generator going to hold? It's going to hold. The apocalypse will come and go before we shut down. But just in case, I broke out these puppies. Don't think I don't watch Doomsday Prep Wars on the Splice Channel. So I just put seven crash survivors in the conference room. They didn't want to go to the hospital to get checked out. They just wanted to be here with their loved ones. I'd really like to interview them. I don't think so. Who are you, anyway? This is Mandy Wells with WVGH. She's with me. Just keep the survivors there until we're ready to have them ID the deceased, all right? And then we'll see if they want to talk to the press. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Can I help you folks? We were at the airport. We were waiting for the flight to come in when we found out... You have family on Flight 875? Yes. My husband. His name is Thomas. And my grandson, Max. He was traveling alone. Please check. Okay, this is Dr. Brumfield. He'll get you situated. And we'll find out what happened to your loved ones. You have a list in your hand right there. Now is that a list of people that made it and who didn't? Because I just need to know. Is my wife... Is she dead? MAN: Pam Jacks. She's a flight attendant. This list is incomplete. But, Jacks... I don't see her name. What about Thomas? Tom Westphall. I am so sorry. (SOBS) No. Please, no. Um, Mrs. Westphall, just one question... (LOWERED VOICE) Okay, come here, come here. - Ow! - Are you serious? That woman just found out she lost her husband. I am just doing my job. Adam. (SCOFFS) We're about to autopsy the Air Marshal. You in or out? Uh, I'm out. I'm on crowd control. Megan, have you heard from Tommy? Not yet. You? No. So, blackout of '91, huh? Guess you two go way back. It's complicated. I'm a pretty bright girl. Try me. (TIRES SQUEALING) Must be debris from the plane. (BEEP) Call Adam Lucas. (AUTODIALS) (BUS Y SIGNAL BEEPING) The cell towers must be taking a beating. I'd try, but my battery's dead. - Call Megan. - (AUTODIALS) MEGAN: (ON RECORDING) This is Megan Hunt. Leave a message. Megan, listen. It's Tommy. I'm just checking in. I think I got a lead on the tail section, but it's pretty damn remote out here. What the... (TIRES SQUEALING) Petechial hemorrhaging means asphyxiation prior to crash. STAFFORD: Yeah, and prior to that, he was screaming about a "flying rat queen." This guy was high as a kite on something. On what, we won't know until the electricity comes back on. I mean, all the labs are down. We'll just have to wait to find out what it is he took. Or was given. I highly doubt that he decided to get his fix mid-air. This looks like foul play to me. That's a leap. He was a US Air Marshal. They're routinely subjected to drug tests and background checks. What, so nobody ever faked a drug test before? Have a buddy come in and pee in the cup? You speaking from experience? I'm speaking as someone who knows human beings. They are predictably unpredictable. There's no jaundice, no track marks, no bruxism. This guy was not a drug addict. Wait, so what are you saying? He was just randomly drugged? Not random. He was an undercover Air Marshal. Maybe somebody found out, somebody who had something so big to hide they were willing to do anything to keep it secret. Lot of "ifs" in that scenario. Okay, we've got six people in the conference room who had first-class seats to the show. Why don't you find out what they saw? So, Mr. Franco, I need you to tell me everything you remember about the flight. Anything at all, stupid things, things you don't think matter. Maybe they do. I remember there was this child kicking the back of my chair. - Got to go pee. - He was trying to get to the bathroom, but he practically ripped the back of my chair off trying to get there. So I turned around to say something, and he bumped into the guy next to him, the gunman. Did you notice anything else about him? Yeah, I thought it was odd, you know? This kid plows right into him, and he doesn't even blink. He just keeps staring. (WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY) I remember he seemed polite. When we boarded, he helped a woman with her carry-on luggage. "Very polite," I remember saying to my wife. She thought the man liked the woman. STAFFORD: Why did she think that? MAN: Because he came up to her and spoke with her a few times during the flight. I didn't really notice him again until... Anyway, he pulls out this ginormous gun from God knows where, and starts waving it around, yelling something about flying rats. He aimed it right at me. Well, not at me, at the chick beside me. She was wearing this blue scarf. Poor thing had been air sick during most of the flight. She squeezed my hand during the shooting, during the crash. It felt like hours, but it must have been seconds. ADAM: Tanner. The woman in the blue scarf, do you remember her name? She said her name was Carla. Carla Mendez, seat 23-A, deceased. She's here in the morgue. One thing that they remember about her is the blue scarf. That and the Air Marshal was fixated on her. We need to take a look at her. Verify her identity, find out where she's been, exactly what she was doing on that flight. You think she's behind all this? Maybe another victim. People saw her going to the bathroom a lot. She could have been drugged, too. (CELL PHONE CHIMES) It's a voicemail from Tommy. Service has been crap all night. You're lucky you got anything. Put it on speaker. Megan, listen. It's Tommy. I'm just checking in. I think I got a lead on the tail section, but it's pretty damn remote out here. (TIRES SQUEAL) (WOOD CRACKS, CRASHING) Megan. Megan. Where are you going? I'm gonna find him. No, you're not. It's chaos out there. You stay here, do your job, find out who... No, something has happened! - Megan, I will find him. - He's right. He's got a badge, gun, a whole police department backing him up. You find him. Okay. He's gonna be all right. Yeah. (BREATHES UNSTEADILY) (PHONE RINGS) Tommy! TOMMY: (ON RECORDING) Sullivan. You missed me. Leave a message after the beep. (PANTS) Uh, Tommy, I don't know if you're gonna get this, but if you get this, (VOICE BREAKS) I need you to know that... Everything okay out here? Yeah. Yeah, everything's fine. I'll be in in a sec. (EXHALES) You okay? Yeah. My left ankle's jacked, though. You? My shoulder's a little... Phone's broken. (GRUNTS) Wait a second. We almost hit somebody. She's alive. What's your name? Pam. Please, you have to help us. Us? Pam, where did you come from? Down... We'll be right back, Pam. Where are you going? I thought you were helping us with crowd control. I'm not a traffic cop, Dr. Murphy. Mandy's downstairs prepping her cameraman. I'm about to bring them up, so maybe you could rein in the attitude a little? You know, it's good to know you got your priorities in order. If anyone has access to a radio or a working TV, they need information about what's going on here. That is a priority. So feel free to tell me whatever crawled up your ass. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Or better yet, get over it. - You wanna talk about it? - Nope. Okay. So let's find out what made Carla Mendez so special that drove our Air Marshal friend off the deep end. Yes, I'm beginning to agree with you. He was drugged. Maybe he thought she was some kind of terrorist threat. Maybe he was right. Let's have a look at her and find out. (ELECTRICITY CRACKLES) CURTIS: Uh-oh. Looks like the generator failed. The backup should kick on any second. Wait for it. Wait for it. - Backup genny's not working. - Hell! That's not supposed to happen. - You two check on the generator. - On it. Lights. Here, everybody take one, turn to channel three. Stafford and I will find the emergency lanterns in the storage room. The morgue, follow me. Whoa. Carla Mendez. Her body is gone. Not gone. Stolen. What do you mean "lockdown"? Megan said a body is missing. Somebody stole it, and nobody's going anywhere till they find it. Wait a second. Why doesn't she just send in the cavalry? We can't call the cavalry until we get this generator running again. I'm a doctor, okay? I'm not an electrician. No. No, no, no. This is not a blown fuse. Look. See those wires? They were cut deliberately. CURTIS: Oh, crap. Call Megan and tell her this is going to take a while. Okay. Wait a second. You know how to fix this? Look, I'm a trained pathologist, and I have all six seasons of Doomsday Prep Wars saved on my DVR. I got this. Now hand me those pliers. Hello? Hello? Uh-huh. Have you got a light? "In case of emergency, use enclosed hex key "to open ceiling panel and push manual lever." What ceiling panel? There's no hex key. Where's the friggin' hex key? (BANGS PANEL DOOR) - All right, calm down. - Calm down? My partner's out there. He may be dead. And I can't go help him, because, hey, you know what? You've got time to give your press conferences, but you don't have time to make sure that your generators are up to code or your damn elevator is working! - (CREAKING) - Stop. Listen. (CREAKING CONTINUES) (LOUD BANG) Can anybody hear me? (BREATHING HEAVILY) (POUNDING ON DOOR) Hold on. (TOMMY GRUNTS) Just a second. Hey. Come on. Come on out. I'm Tommy. What's your name? Max. You okay, Max? Come with me. Max! I hid in the bathroom. Of course you did. I'm not gonna lie to you. This might hurt a little bit. Somehow, I knew. (CRYING) I knew I was gonna die like this. You're not gonna die. Not if I can help it. I'm just gonna put some padding in it to hold it in place. (PAM GROANS) ...just to make a phone call at least. - Everybody, quiet! All right, everybody, quiet! Be quiet! We're asking that you remain calm. Calm? You've got armed guards at the doors. Because somebody in this room sabotaged our generators in order to steal a key piece of evidence. Tell us what the evidence was. We can help look for it. It was the body of the woman in 23-A, Carla Mendez. Whoever was trying to cover their tracks in the air, is now trying to cover them on the ground. And no one is leaving this room until we find out who and why. MAN: What does she have to do with me? Or her? Or him? We weren't on the plane. Yeah. But they all were. Don't look at me. Look, not to be non, you know, post-racial or anything, but can you not just ask the Arab guy? Okay, I'm Sikh, you idiot. And you were sitting next to her the entire time. Maybe the Air Marshal wasn't staring at her, maybe he was staring at you. - You were talking to him. - That's right. - I saw you. - No. In the back of the plane, you guys were talking for a long time. - No, no, no. - Don't lie about it. You were talking to him! What were you talking about? I wasn't talking to him, I was hanging out at the stewardess' station. - There was this hot blonde... - That's my wife! - What did you do, you son-of-a-bitch? - Hey, hey, hey! All right, all right, all right. Enough! That's enough! Enough! Come with me. Come with me. Listen to me. Listen. I checked the morgue log. It took a while because your wife wasn't in an assigned section of the plane. But I can tell you for sure she is not here. She wanted to retire last year. You know what I said to her? "No way. "In this economy? We need the money." It's my fault she's up there. I don't even know why I went off on that guy right there. I don't know. But for some reason, it was just the thought of the last kind thing ever said to my wife coming from a stranger. Is that stupid? No. (VOICE BREAKING) You know, I've been wracking my brain. I'm just trying to think of the last thing I said to her. I can't. Because nothing about that moment said, "This is the last time." If we knew when that was gonna be, we'd all do things differently. You lose someone, too, Doc? He went out to find the tail section of the plane. Stupid thing is I know exactly what my last words to him were, (CHUCKLES) and they were not poetry. They were trite, flippant. Now I might never see him again. I don't know. Here. How about that? Let me see. Give me a hand? Okay. Mm-hmm. Listen, I'm sorry about Tommy. I really do hope he's all right. You wanna talk about it? Nope. (SCOFFS) All right, what exactly is with you? A reporter asks a couple of questions, and you Hulk out. I mean, she's just trying to do her job. Yeah, the job the DA asked her to do, to give you the Dan Russell treatment, right? Make you look like a hero. So what? Dan's my mentor. Dan and my dad are two peas in a pod. - Seeing you follow in their footsteps... - What? Triggered some traumatic childhood memory? Well, here's a news flash for you. I am not Dan Russell, and I am not your father. - Yeah, not yet. - Please. Dan and my dad are actually very good friends. Well, they are two high-profile lawyers in Philadelphia, so? Yeah, but it's the corrupt stuff they've done over the past few years that actually binds them together. I think that's a bit of an exaggeration, don't you? My dad, he tried to shine a light on the injustices against the little guy. But little guys don't buy camera time, so he moved on to bigger and bigger guys. And to win, he had to get into bed with some ugly people. Before he knew it, my dad was crushing the little guy with the big guy. And behind closed doors, a lot of bad stuff got swept under the rug. Some of which was your mentor, Dan's. Right now, you're still one of the good guys. But you're signing up for the same ride my dad's on. All it costs is your soul. (GRUNTING) - Got anything out of the survivors? - Nada. My "one of you in this room is a murderer" routine needs a little work. What the hell happened to you two? We got stuck in the elevator. Been there for hours. - You've been here this whole time? - Yes. You were supposed to be finding Tommy. - Megan, we found... - I have been able to focus on my job because I thought you were out there looking for him. Megan, we radioed first responders for Tommy's crash as soon as we got free. We found something. STAFFORD: Say hello to Carla Mendez, the infamous woman in the blue scarf. Look at this. Look at these edges. That didn't happen in the crash. That's postmortem. KATE: Yeah. STAFFORD: See the white residue right there? I bet you that tests positive for cocaine. From the distention of her stomach, I'd say that she swallowed at least 80 bags. That's a street value of what? Eighty bags? That's about &2 million. Carla Mendez was a drug mule. What do you want to bet the Air Marshal found out about it? MEGAN: Carla was carrying at least 80 bags of cocaine in her stomach, she becomes sick, possibly from turbulence, or maybe one of the bags ruptured. ADAM: So Air Marshal Davies gets suspicious, maybe he confronts her... MEGAN: And then either Carla herself, or, more likely, an accomplice, Tanner, Sanjit, Roberto, drugs Davies to either kill him orjust to incapacitate him long enough to make their getaway. STAFFORD: Instead, he flips out, causing the plane to crash. MAN: Hey, hey, hey! (PASSENGERS SCREAM) Carla dies in the crash, but her accomplice doesn't. He comes here to the morgue, cuts open her stomach, gets his stash, and tries to cover their tracks. Well, then, whoever it was that did this is sitting right outside. And we've interrogated them already. But you didn't know what you were looking for. Yeah, and you didn't have me. It's not working. Nothing you're doing is working. (GENERATOR WHIRS) What? - Black-Gyver, you really did it! - Tell me! (BOTH GROANING) (MURMURING) Is this really necessary? - ADAM: Yes, it is. - Okay. Here you go. (KEYS JANGLE) Happy now, pal? Megan. Come on, man, that's not mine. - Roberto Franco. - Are you crazy, kid? You are under arrest for the possession of narcotics. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you in the court of law. You have the right to an attorney... You know, it doesn't really matter that he's been caught. My wife is still dead. LACEY: Yeah, we're fine, Mom. We slept through it mostly, actually. Will I be seeing you soon? Okay. Bye. She didn't want to talk to you. (INHALES DEEPLY) Okay. Like daughter, like granddaughter? You asked me a question last night, I snapped at you. - It's okay. - No, it's not okay. You asked me why I didn't want to know the truth about Granddad. It's because I already do. He killed himself. Do I have all the answers? No. But I had to move on. And your mother is having a very tough time doing that. And I understand. I did, too. I loved your granddad very much. But if I didn't move forward, I never would have studied law, I wouldn't have become a judge. I wouldn't... Or introduce Mom to a handsome young lawyer in your courtroom, and I wouldn't exist. (INHALES DEEPLY) You are an old soul. And you would never, ever not exist. Tell me if this hurts. RILEY: Come on, Max, let's go find that purse, huh? She's good with kids. How long have you two been dating? Uh, we're not dating. Why the hell not? She likes you. It's complicated. Hmm. Does complicated have a name? Yeah. What is it? Megan. Let me give you a bit of unsolicited advice. Uncomplicate it. And if you can't, move on. You mean just settle? No. Be happy. Life's too short. I found your purse. Right where you said it would be. And your phone works, too. - Great. - Who should we call first? (BEEPING) (POURS LIQUID) (CELL PHONE RINGS) - Huh. - Phones are back on? What... (STAMMERING) That's my wife's number. How is my wife calling your number? MEGAN: Let's see. - Hey. - Hey. Oh, my God! Look at you. Wait, look at you. Are you okay? What's wrong? We're okay, we're fine. Who's we? Wait, hey, I'm sorry to interrupt here, but you have my wife's phone. Is she there? Yeah. Alex. (VOICE BREAKS) Pammy? Pam. Oh, my God! Hi. Alex. I'm so sorry. (CRYING) I'm so sorry about everything. No, baby, no, I'm the one who's sorry. I'm so sorry. (GRUNTS AND GAGS) Pam. Pam! What's going on? What's wrong? TOMMY: She's starting to shake. Tommy, try to hold her. Put the phone on her injuries. Here. Her pulse, it's racing. She's in V-tach. Does your wife have heart problems? Yeah, she's got a murmur, but she's on medication for it. Max, bring me that, please. Thank you. - Dig-oxin? - Digoxin. .24 milligrams oral? Get her to take two pills. Megan, she can't swallow, and if she's choking on her own blood, I don't think she can breathe. MEGAN: Her airway's blocked. Tommy, you're gonna have to do an emergency tracheotomy. No, absolutely not. He's not a doctor. He can't do this. You're gonna need a knife, and find a ball point pen. I got a pen. MEGAN: Take the ink stem out, feel her neck. The ridges on her neck, there are two bumps. I need you to hit right between those bumps. One cut, horizontal, one inch long, one inch deep, right into the trachea. (BREATHING HEAVILY) Do it! (SIGHS) Okay. Okay, now take your finger, widen the hole, take the pen, push it down slowly towards her lung. That's it. Okay, it's in. Okay. It's not working, she's not breathing. Why? Why isn't she breathing? (GASPS) She's breathing. - She's breathing. - Good. Good job. Good to see you both alive. - Phew! (CHUCKLES) - Thank you. (EXHALES SHARPLY) Megan. So I was able to radio one of my old friends in Vice. He says there's been talk of a shipment coming from overseas. We could be dealing with a major cartel. - What? - He's alive. (CHUCKLES) Safe. Hey, I'm gonna hitch a ride out to the second crash site, you need me? No. Just nailed down the drug that knocked out our Air Marshal friend. Digoxin. - Weird. - Digoxin? That's the same drug the flight attendant was taking for her heart condition. She's the one who drugged the Air Marshal. I just saved the life of the person who brought down the plane. So you're saying the flight attendant was really the drug runner? Right, and Carla Mendez was her mule. The Air Marshal catches on to Carla and informs the flight attendant. He asks her to radio ahead and call the cops, not realizing that Pam is in on the whole thing. Pam panics. She has to neutralize him. Enjoy. So she drugs him with her heart meds, hoping to knock him out or maybe even kill him. STAFFORD: But digoxin, given in high enough dosages, - (PASSENGERS SCREAMING) - causes violent hallucinations. Air Marshal goes mad, shoots up the plane and brings it down. So this guy, Roberto Franco, that you have in custody, he's what, a back-up drug handler? No, two drug handlers for one mule? It's unlikely. Pam's husband told me that she wanted to quit flying two years ago, but he made her keep working. What do you bet that he's her accomplice, and he framed Roberto Franco? - The survivors, have they left yet? - Yeah, just now. Uh, I'll call security. Alex Jacks? Alex Jacks, hold it there. What's this all about? I believe every word that you said to me upstairs, about loving your wife, regretting choices that you made. If you'd only let her retire two years ago, not from flying, but from drug running, which you failed to mention, 53 people would still be alive today. What are you talking about? You must work for some really scary people. Your wife could have been in pieces for all you knew. But you still had to retrieve whatever's in that bag right there. - Was that your idea or your boss'? - All right. (GRUNTING) (GROANS) (MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY) I didn't want any of this to happen. I just wanted the guy to pass out. I didn't mean to kill anyone. Yeah, well, even if things had worked out as planned, &2 million worth of drugs weren't gonna help anybody. You made some bad choices. Well, Max is off to meet his granddad. And our limo awaits. Headed out to the crash site? No, the hospital or the police station, wherever they took the flight attendant. And Tommy. And Tommy. Yeah, let me guess? I'm not gonna get a rain check on that dinner, huh? Eh, I don't think so, Charlie. I kind of figured that story of yours wasn't over yet. (SIGHS) Oh, I was gonna wait till the madness passed to give you this, but here you go. Order of exhumation for my father. It's what you said you wanted. Thank you. Megan, sometimes, it's better to leave the past in the past. I don't want to. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Is Tommy Sullivan still... I see him. Hey. I got a squaddie parked out back. You ready? - You look great. - Thank you. - Give me the keys. - No. One car wreck a day with you is my limit. All right. (SIGHS DEEPLY) Hmm. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 