Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e9 - Disappearing Act - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 9 - Disappearing Act - full transcript 
 Tommy and Adam are protecting a man named Roberts, who's charged with embezzling money from investors. Tommy and Adam are moving him when some men grab him and they run over a woman as ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY) WOMAN: We're here for the second week of testimony in the trial of Gerry Roberts, the Philadelphia investment fund manager accused of bilking his clients out of nearly $1 billion. Investigators believe that the bulk of that money has been laundered overseas, but they have not yet been able to find it. Meanwhile, security has been tightened here at the courthouse in the wake of multiple death threats being made against Mr. Roberts. Live from the courthouse steps, I'm Diane Mizota. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Back to you in the studio. Just to be clear, you never stole any money, you never guaranteed any investor a specific return on their money? There are no guarantees in investing. I didn't steal their money, the market turned. It goes with the territory. LAWYER: Thank you. Nothing further. So, you didn't steal almost &1 billion, you just lost it, is that what you're saying? Everyone who's ever invested with me signed a piece of paper 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 saying they understood the risks. If they invested what they weren't prepared to lose, then they shouldn't have invested in the first place. (ALL CLAMORING) Order! Order! (CLAMOR CONTINUES) Order! Now! How's it looking? South side exit's clear, backups are standing by. That's good. From the looks of it, we're probably gonna need them. (CLAMOR CONTINUES) Don't touch me! Yeah, get a job, man. Get a job. TOMMY: Come on, keep moving. Keep moving. What the hell was that? Keep moving. Keep moving. Is that a Bouguereau? Limited Series R. Bought it from Eric Clapton. - You a collector? - No, I wish, at that level. What's it got, 12 complications? Yeah, astronomical, minute repeater, the phases of the moon... I hate to break this up, guys. Down the stairs. Straight down. Here. Let's go. - Okay, okay, okay. - Just one flight down. - One flight down, guys. - One more, one more. Stop. ADAM: Okay, it's this one... Wait. It's locked. I thought you said you cleared the exit! I did. I checked it. We're sitting ducks. We gotta get him out of here. - (LOUD CLATTER) - GERRY: Wait! What's happening? Take point. Get him upstairs. Go! - Guys, help me! - (GRUNTS) Who are you? (COUGHS) Where are you taking me? MAN: Let's move! Let's move! GERRY: What's going on? Tell me what's going on! (COUGHS) (TIRES SQUEAL) This is Sullivan. Request assistance... - (WOMAN SCREAMS) - (THUDDING) (SCREECHING) TOMMY: Prisoner taken from the courthouse. - MAN: You all right? - A black SUV. - North on Arch. - Somebody call an ambulance. I need an ambulance. We got an auto ped, hit and run. 13th and Arch, north side of the courthouse. Victim's female. Unconscious. - (SIREN WAILS) - (COUGHS) (HONKS) (EXHALES) Who's that guy? You know I just got here, too, right? I'll find out. You get started on the body. I'll be right back. (TOMMY COUGHS) What happened? You're a sight for sore eyes. We were at the Gerry Roberts detail. Somebody snatched him right out from underneath us. I got a little bump on the head, too. He needs some ice on that. Any palpitations, trouble breathing, chest pains? No, I'm fine. You are gonna go to the hospital and get X-rays on your chest and your head. No, I'm going to find these... (COUGHS) Who's the body? Oh. She was an innocent bystander, got hit by the getaway car. It was a black SUV. There was no... (COUGHS) No license... You, bronchial spray for both of them. - Watch out for hypoxia. - All right. - Do it. - We're on it. Her name's Jennifer Sanchez. Forty-four. She's got a Florida driver's license. MEGAN: You think she drove all the way up here for this? If so, it's pretty tragic. I'll say. The man you asked about when we arrived? His name is John Anderson. He was giving her CPR when the EMTs showed up. Let's get her back. Okay. Tragic and shocking turn of events at the Gerry Roberts financial fraud trial. Police escorting Roberts from the courtroom were attacked by masked men... Great. We're all over the news. ... who then kidnapped Roberts at gunpoint. How'd they figure out the exit route? We changed it every day. Whoever did this had enough resources to buy a cop or a courthouse security guard. Yeah, well, Roberts has got resources. Roberts? The guy who was screaming for help as he was carted away? Do you realize the kind of crap we're gonna be in if he ends up dead? COP: Detectives? You guys need to see this. This was just posted to the "Victims of Gerry Roberts" website. (CLEARS THROAT) (GERRY SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY) Hey! What are you doing? - That's him. - GERRY: No! Brace yourselves. TOMMY: Oh, no! (SOBBING) Please, don't! - I'll give you your money back. - No. - Please don't kill me. - No. (GUNSHOT) (GERRY GASPING ON TAPE) (SOBBING) Please, don't! I'll give you your money back. - Please don't kill me. - (GUNSHOT) A billion dollars missing and the only man who knows where that is is dead. Do you have any idea the kind of pressure I'm under because of you two? How did these men get the drop on you? Somebody figured out our exit route. You cleared it before you left? Yes, ma'am. We had the green light. So their plan was better than yours. Terrific. The FBI broke the Roberts case. And our job was just to babysit the defendant, and we couldn't even manage that. Now the FBI is demanding accountability, the national press corps is demanding answers. Now, what the hell do you suggest I tell them? Tell them it was an inside job. Somebody bought off a courthouse security guard. And he tipped off our security route. What else could it be? Here's what you're going to do. You're going to find that leak. And you're going to find Roberts' killers. Because we're gonna have to pull something positive out of this catastrophe, or I'm gonna have both of your asses mounted on my wall, understand me? - Yes, ma'am. - Yes, ma'am. Go do it. Multiple blunt force traumatic injuries, multiple associated fractures. I'm guessing that she exsanguinated from internal hemorrhaging. Look at this. Zipper pull's deformed. Must have caught on something as the car went over her. Looks like it took some paint chips along with it. What was the name of that website again? The one with the video on it? VictimsOfGerry. Org. Hey, I thought you said that video was ghoulish. I'm not looking at the video, I'm looking at Jennifer Sanchez's page. Looks like there's some trace on her pant leg from the tire tread. Jennifer Sanchez. Secretary, divorcee... Lives with parents. Convinced her family to invest their life savings with Gerry Roberts. (SIGHS) - Let's get started. - Okay. I did clear that exit. Well, it wasn't clear when we got there, was it? It would've been exactly the same thing if you'd done it. Adam, we can talk about this all day. This is not helping. No, it isn't. Somebody got the jump on us. We gotta do something to fix it. Okay, what's next? - Video. - The video? We're not going to get a courthouse security guard like that. Forget about the security guard. There's something else going on here. Forget about the courthouse security guard? What do you got? I don't know yet. You go first. Victim's name is Jennifer Sanchez. Avulsion of the renal arteries and subsequent exsanguination is the official cause of death. Lab is running trace. Your turn. (SIGHS) All right, in your expert medical opinion, could Roberts have faked that video? - Are you for... Are you real? - Let the doctor speak. You mean, faked his own death? Ha! Blood spatter looked pretty real to me, but can't be sure without a body. Can we please just hold on one second? TOMMY: Let's just consider the situation here, okay? Roberts is in custody. He's about to be convicted. Why risk killing him, if it means you're not gonna get your money back? The guys in that video didn't look like they wanted their money back. Yeah, but it's all just part of the ruse. Most snuff films are faked because there's one piece of evidence they can never find, it's the body. Now, why hasn't Roberts' body showed up? Because he's alive and he's the one who leaked our exit route. Find him, find the money. We go from goats to heroes. Okay, what if you're wrong? Look, I'm gonna take the heat as long as I can, but in the meantime, Roberts' last known whereabouts is on that video where he got shot. Now, the FBI, they got some people trained in video analysis. Maybe one of us should pay 'em a visit. That'd be me. (SCOFFS) This is such a long shot. Nice theory. There was some poetic justice in Roberts being dead. But if he's alive, even better. Let me know. Uh, listen, Megan. (SIGHS) Look, I meant to tell you, but with everything going on... I got a call from the crime lab. They started working on your father's suicide note. I should get the results in a day or two. (SIGHS) Thanks. (GERRY GRUNTING ON TAPE) We were part of the team that investigated Roberts in the first place. Oh, really? I didn't know that. - We're all thrilled to see him go down. - (GUNSHOT) Just not like that. Okay, Julie. Let's take it back. What are you doing? Hey, you hear that? What? Underneath the highway noise, there's a clicking sound. I'll give you your money back. Highway traffic counter? The interval's too regular. Right? It sounds like there's a bell in the background, too. Real faint. Play it again. (BELL TOLLING) - What are you doing? - (BELL TOLLING) - Take a listen. - Thank you. Please, don't! I'll give you your money back. Um, have either of you ladies ever surfed the rail yards? Surfed the rail yards? You know, like on a dare? We used to go container hopping in high school. Anyway, that is the sound of one train crossing the tracks as it enters the rail yards. And there is only one yard with a highway and a church in the same vicinity. Thank you. How is it that nobody called this in? A lot goes on in the yards no one ever sees. Yes, Detective Sullivan. I need a CSU unit... We're in a lot across the tracks from St. Vincent's. I got a burned car. Body in the back. Or what's left of one. That's what post-cremation looks like. You see the chalky white texture on the bones? DNA's been destroyed. - Ethan! - Huh? - Take pictures. - Right, right. Sorry. What's that? Looks like a bone that escaped the fire damage. From the width of it, I'd say it's part of the fibula. Hey, I've got teeth. Three... No, four. Any idea what that is? MEGAN: Dental implants. Did Roberts have dentures? I hope not. Well, between the fibula and the teeth, we'll have plenty of DNA. We'll know soon enough if it's Roberts. Tommy. Ah, grease. What do you got? This is the Bouguereau Limited Series R, it's 12 complications. Meaning what? Meaning it's Gerry Roberts' watch. And the video is not a fake. Well, you do realize, if this is Roberts, we're screwed. We're never gonna get that money back that he stole. Sorry. You're screwed. Really? Yeah. Turns out Roberts did have dentures. Full uppers, partial lowers, with titanium stabilization implants. What teeth he did have left are a perfect match. And then there's the DNA. The top is from the fibula. The bottom from a hair taken from Roberts' penthouse. Also a perfect match. Great. A billion dollars gone. Thousands of victims never made whole, and it's on us. We can still catch the killers. Unless we're demoted to patrol cops first. You got any leads that I don't know about? As a matter of fact, we do. Results came back from the SUV paint chips and the trace from the tire treads. We found a type of moss in the tread that doesn't grow in Philly. Hell, it doesn't even grow in the States! Where does it grow? The east coast of China. Most prevalent around port cities. Something to do with the salt water. &250 million of the roughly &1 billion that Roberts stole came from the Chinese government's private investment fund. Yeah, but there's plenty of companies that manufacture cars in China. That's true, Detective. But then, there's also the paint chips. (LAUGHS) You see, for security reasons, the Chinese government customizes all of their consular vehicles before shipping them to the U.S. Part of that customization is a coat of patent-pending, impact-resistant paint. Anybody want to guess what kind of paint this is? The idea that anyone working in any official capacity for the Chinese government could have anything to do with Roberts' murder is absurd. What about in an unofficial capacity? What about the SUV? He was kidnapped in a Chinese consular vehicle. A stolen consular vehicle. There's no record of any vehicle stolen from the Chinese Consulate. - We didn't report it. - Why not? We like to take care of these matters internally. Like offing someone who stole money from you? Detective... JINBAO: The Chinese government had nothing to do with this, I assure you. Now it seems quite clear to me that someone is trying to make it look as though we did. That would be most unfortunate for them. There are enough misunderstandings between our countries without someone trying to create more. Don't you agree, Dr. Murphy? Of course. We'll need the record of that stolen vehicle. I will see that you get them. And if there are any developments on your end, you will let us know? Naturally. We'll be watching this case with great interest. We want justice as much as you do. What was that all about? What was what all about? "We take care of these matters internally"? Blaming the Chinese would be "most unfortunate"? Those were veiled threats. You just smiled and agreed with the guy. Megan, we tread extremely carefully here, understand? - Mmm-hmm. - Listen, if that SUV was stolen, the only physical evidence we have left is back in your morgue. Meaning what? Meaning do what you do. Go back to the bodies. Find me something. There's nothing left to find, Tommy. Why don't you go find something? - I found something. - Okay. Ha! I can't imagine why you two didn't work out as a couple. - Let's go. - Where? Back to the bodies. (EXHALES) Hey, you know that phrase, "A watched pot never boils"? Shh. You're annoying me. You asked me to stay. And besides, we've already looked at everything. Then let's look again. I'm not helping, so I think I'm just gonna leave. Wait. Wait. This is loose. Yeah, well... Of course it's loose. It's been through a 2,000-degree fire. No, implants are permanent. They eventually fuse with the bone over time. It's called osseointegration. This should be rock solid. When did Roberts get his implants? Uh... Three years ago. - (SNAPS) - Ah! Look at that. No osseointegration whatsoever. Wait, what you just said is impossible. No. Not if you took Roberts' real tooth... Right. ...and a new implant... Yeah. ...and put them in the jaw bone of another man. We pulled DNA from his fibula. A piece of his fibula, which I'm guessing is the exact same length as the steel rod used to replace it. Ha! These guys are good. What guys? The guys who were helping Roberts fake his own death. Shockingly, Tommy was right. Roberts faked his own death. TOMMY: Well, he had a good plan. For starters, he had a well-armed, well-trained, well-funded strike force, probably ex-military. Whoever did it stole a consular SUV, implicating the Chinese, knowing that they'd be suspects after Roberts burned them for &250 million. Then he manufactured the forensics. Taking his own teeth, surgically implanting them into the jawbone of another man, and then taking a piece of his fibula, positioning it in a way that it looked like it escaped the fire. You're talking two separate surgical procedures. Well, the guy's got close to &1 billion of other people's money stashed away. How far would you go to keep it? To pull it off, he would need somebody who had forensic expertise. And I hate to say it, Kate. We are looking for one of our own. A forensic pathologist. Okay, Roberts has been under house arrest since the day charges were filed, right? So how does he pull all this together when he's being watched 24l7? That's an excellent question. So, Roberts is alive, despite pronouncements to the contrary from this office. I had two separate sources of DNA confirming it was Roberts. It's a shame you didn't have all the information when you made a trip to the Chinese Consulate today. We had every justification at the time. Justification to accuse Chinese government officials of conspiracy and murder? TOMMY: We didn't accuse anybody... Well, I did. Sort of. Well, she did. The Consulate has lodged an official complaint against the department. I'm starting to think that our relationship with the ME's department has gotten just a little bit too cozy. We're actually supposed to assist each other, and not magnify each other's screw-ups. You four put your heads together and suddenly I am putting out fires. Megan, Detectives, I think the Chief and I need to have a conversation in private. Yeah. We didn't screw up anything. We proved the forensics were false. All right, don't let Chief Martin get to you. She just likes to get up in your face. I don't give a crap about the Chief. Somebody's toying with us. Meanwhile, Jennifer Sanchez is still dead. What are we doing about that? Dr. Murphy's got a point, though. Roberts has been under house arrest for months. With a police guard and a video log of everybody coming and going. We should take a look. Let me know what you find out. So, your father's suicide note was written "under duress"? What are you doing? That's my work. You gave his suicide note to the police so they can analyze his handwriting? You already know the answer to that since you just read the report. I gave you that note so you could finally get closure, not to open an investigation. - Of course I'm having it analyzed. - Why? So I can find out what really happened. I told you what really happened. No, you told me what you believe happened. This is what I do. I follow the evidence until I find the truth. When the evidence proves what I've been saying all along, I hope I will get an apology from you. What'd you want, Mom? I wanted to take you to lunch, but I can see you're far too busy. Angela, I sympathize with you. I do. I don't like putting out fires, either. But you're gonna like it a hell of a lot less when a case comes along that you can't close because you've shut this office out, and somehow the press gets wind of it. Is that a threat? It's an inevitability. Now, why don't you tell me what you're really doing here? I've been asked by your friend, the DA, to endorse your candidacy. If I do so, it will be under one condition. You start keeping a tighter leash on your people. I will keep that in mind. Detective Sullivan? Officer Dunn. What brings you here? I had a hunch you might be here. The Chinese Consulate delivered the file on the stolen SUV. Did you read it? The vehicle was manufactured in China, shipped here, then it was stolen from a supermarket parking lot in Wynnewood. There's been no trace of it since. So you didn't come here to tell us we hit a dead end? Actually, I was wondering what you were doing Friday night. I have two tickets to the Sixers-Knicks game. And I thought I would pay you back for taking me to see the Flyers. Thank you. I can't. It's poker night. I'm hosting. Another time? Sure. No problem. You have my number. TOMMY: Well, according to this log, Roberts had 53 visitors over a period of four months. So, Officer Dunn. You made up poker just to let her down easy? Yeah. She's very attractive. Is something wrong with you? Megan and I went out for drinks the other night. We kind of turned a corner. I just don't wanna screw it up. "Corner"? What, did you sleep with her? I'm not talking about 20 years ago, I mean, like, now. Did you sleep... (CLEARS THROAT) Listen, I've got the greatest respect for Megan as a doctor, but she let you down more than once. You wanna keep on running into that when you got this attractive woman, she's chasing you about? You know, you're probably not gonna believe this, but someday, having an attractive woman chase you around isn't gonna be all that. You're right. I don't believe you. Wait a second. Right here. ADAM: Who is that? The good Samaritan. Oh, yeah! The guy who was helping Jennifer Sanchez at the scene. 11:44. - John Anderson. - John Anderson. What are you doing at Gerry Roberts' apartment, John Anderson? This was taken from the lobby of Roberts' apartment building while he was on house arrest. Who is it? Oh, it's John Anderson. He's the guy who tried to save Jennifer Sanchez at the crime scene. What was he doing in the lobby? Good question. We think he may be a go-between. He set up the kidnapping, but he's definitely a bad guy. And you know that because... ADAM: Everything he told the police is bogus. His name, his address, his phone number. All we've got is his picture. MEGAN: Actually, we have more than that. He gave Jennifer Sanchez mouth to mouth CPR at the crime scene. Ethan, I need you to do something for me right now. Ethan, talk to me. I swabbed Jennifer Sanchez's lips and the lab found foreign DNA. You run it through CODIS? Of course. Dr. Colin Olsson. Forensic pathologist. TOMMY: It's New York State. - ETHAN: There's more to show you. - (TAPPING KEYBOARD) I did a search on his name, this is what came up. MEGAN: He died five years ago? TOMMY: How's that possible? This is Dr. Colin Olsson, forensic pathologist. He forged prescriptions to obtain over 30,000 OxyContin pills that he then sold through the state. He was sentenced to 10 years. He was ordered to report to prison one month later, but he never made it. He died in a car crash. The only thing left to ID him were a few teeth. Clearly he's good at this. So, Roberts tracks him down, hires him to disappear himself. But how would Roberts know how to find this guy? I don't know. Do we have that after-picture? Yup. Oh! Looks like he's had some work done. I bet Roberts does the same thing. Yeah, which means that we don't have long before he's in the wind. How are we gonna find him? Well, Olsson has a wife. If we can get her to lead us to Olsson, we can get Olsson to lead us to Roberts. How's she going to lead you to her husband if she thinks he's dead? We just get her to talk about him. Find out what his hobbies are, his habits, anything that can help us track him down. What if she doesn't think he's dead? Maybe she's in on it. There was no insurance payout. She did not benefit from his death. Olsson did. He didn't go to prison. If she helped him, and you started asking her questions, it's gonna tip her off. What do you suggest? Let me talk to her. - Ms. Olsson? - Yes. Hi, I'm Megan Hunt. I'm with the Medical Examiner's Office. I work with Detectives Sullivan and Lucas. They're a little bit tied up right now. I apologize. That's fine. Do you know what I'm doing here? They said it was about my husband's death, but there was no foul play involved. - I'm sure they'll explain it all to you. - Okay. - Please sit. - Okay. I'm so sorry about your husband. Thank you. How long ago was it that he died? Uh, five years this summer. - Ah. That's hard. - Yeah. You must miss him. I do. (SIGHS) I miss the good times, not the bad. Ah. You mean his arrest? No. Actually, it started long before that. Really? How so? Well, my husband loved being a doctor. He also loved to gamble. Yeah. It's what ruined him. The whole OxyContin thing was to pay off debts he ran up playing online poker. (SIGHS) Did you know that he had this problem? When I found out about the gambling, I was just in shock. I begged him to stop, but he just... He wouldn't. It almost would have been easier if it had been a woman, you know? I lost my husband to VivaLaPoker. Com. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's just... It's what we were fighting about the night he died. And every day I wonder, if I just hadn't yelled at him about the money he was losing, maybe he wouldn't have taken that drive and crashed his car. And I really have tried to move on, you know, but it's just that question. You know, that question. What would have happened if I had done things differently? VivaLaPoker. Com. Look it up. Why's that? - Her husband was addicted to it. - (TYPING) And no, she was not in on it. She's been blaming herself for her husband's death for the last five years. Ho-ho-ho. The site's still active. This is really good news. We can subpoena the website for his account activity. If he's created a new account under a different name, - we should be able to find him. - How? Rephrase. I know two FBI analysts who should be able to find him. Did you tell her her husband's alive? Nope. Why not? I wanna find the bastard first. (TAPPING KEYBOARD) Okay, here's our data. Colin Olsson's betting patterns, playing habits, chat room activity. Looks like a job for regression analysis. - Regression analysis. Yeah, of course. - (TAPPING KEYBOARD) - How long's that going to take? - Not long. We got him! Colin Olsson now plays under the username "phoenix2008." Five years ago he rose from the ashes. That is cute. I'm guessing George Washington isn't his real name but his IP address is registered to... Alec Hamilton of San Diego. - Okay, can you check local hotels? - Sure. - (BEEPS) - Ah. Alec Hamilton checked into the Olympian Hotel on Market Street a little over one month ago. Thank you. You ladies are awesome! Yes, we are. Philly PD. Anybody here? Closet clear. Bathroom clear. He's not here. (SIGHS) Look at this guy. Death's the best thing that ever happened to him. You know, I don't get it. These were taken way before Gerry Roberts ever got himself into trouble. You know, I think we've been looking at this the wrong way. Roberts didn't find Olsson, Olsson found him. Mr. Fake Your Death here has found himself a little niche industry. You find a rich guy who's in a jam, offer to disappear him for a fee. He must have a whole network of people involved. - (BEEPS) - (CHUCKLES) It would've been too easy, huh? Philly PD. Don't move. Stop, stop, stop, stop. (BOTH GRUNT) (HANDCUFFS CLICK) So, where's Gerry Roberts? ADAM: The clock is ticking. He's about to go under the knife if he hasn't already. Look, you've got the wrong guy. My name is Alec Hamilton. Right. It used to be John Anderson. ADAM: Your name is Colin Olsson. You're a forensic pathologist. You tried to fake your own death five years ago. You know, the MEO's got a swab of your DNA from Jennifer Sanchez's lips after you tried to give her CPR, right? Remember that? We have you dead to rights, Doctor. So, why'd you help her, anyway? Did you feel guilty? You just didn't want to go down for second-degree murder? What? Look, I may be many things, but I'm not a murderer. I'm a doctor. She went down right in front of me. I couldn't just do nothing. Right. So you're a mastermind with a heart of gold, right? Everybody except when it comes to your wife, right? - My wife? You talked to my wife? - Yeah, I did talk to your wife. She's still broken up over you. - Right, Adam? - Mmm-hmm. Listen, she still feels responsible for your death. Does that bother you at all? Look... (STUTTERS) Yeah, you got to understand. I was about to go to prison. - Oh. - My life was over. Faking my death was the only way out. It was a coward's way out. No, it was a brilliant way out. And it turns out there's plenty of people who would pay to do the same. And that's what I do. I give people a second chance. - You give people a second chance? - That's what I do. What about the guy who you torched in the car? Were you giving him a second chance? That was a medical school cadaver. I have never murdered anybody. What about Jennifer Sanchez? That was an accident! Right now there's a crime lab team hacking into your computer. I'm just guessing they're gonna find a client list, surgeons, dentists, everybody else involved in your crappy little operation. You cooperate now and the DA is gonna cut you some slack. If you don't, we don't need you anymore, they're gonna chuck you out to general population. That, Colin, is where the real killers are. Do you wanna be there, huh? You're the gambler. What's it gonna be, Doc? (SHUSHING) Let's go, guys. Not a sound, or you're the first to go. Hands where I can see them, guys. Hey... Megan, we're in. - Did he go under yet? - Let's find out. (GERRY EXHALES) Hey, Doc, I don't care what my coagulation panel says, we have to do this now. You should care. If your clotting factor's low, you could hemorrhage. Which is really not a good thing during surgery. Who the hell are you? Dr. Megan Hunt. You look okay for a dead man. Long time, no see, Gerry. Not the wrist wear you're accustomed to wearing, I imagine. You're going back to trial, Gerry. There's no way you're getting out of this one, I promise you. One thing you forgot, Detective. No one knows where the money is except me. I'll plead it out in exchange for a deal. Yeah, you may want to think again. This is a list from Olsson's computer of all the clients he's helped disappear over the years. We have their new identities, including yours, John Baker Ashton. DA's already issued a subpoena to the FirstCaribbean Bank of Belize. All accounts in that name. How much you want to bet they find all the money you've stashed away? MEGAN: You're out of options, Gerry. And by the way, after you stand trial for fraud, you will stand trial for the death of Jennifer Sanchez. Who the hell is Jennifer Sanchez? Exactly. (SIGHS) (INDISTINCT RADIO TALK) Nice work, Megan. What are you doing here? Complimenting you. - Don't get used to it. - Yeah. And why are you two smiling? Well, we got Roberts. We got a line on the money he stole from the investors. It's a good day for the department. ANGELA: Stop patting yourselves on the back. None of this would have been necessary if you had done your jobs in the first place. MEGAN: Excuse me, they did do their job. Roberts is in custody, you have nothing to complain about. This is your idea of keeping your people on a tighter leash? Megan, Detectives, I think the Chief and I need to have another chat. Angela, I would never presume to tell you how to discipline your people. - Good. - But as far as I'm concerned, this was a perfect example of our two departments cooperating to solve a case. I'd much rather a few feathers get ruffled than lose our initiative. So, do I cut Megan a lot of slack? Yes. Because time after time, she's earned it. And I have no intention of reining her in. Now, Kate, you are an aspiring politician. You know you should never take a position that you can't walk back when your supporters tell you to. You're right. I should know better. So, here's another position I can't walk back. You can keep your endorsement. I'll take my chances without it. Hi. I got your message. What's going on? I have some news for you about your husband. What news? What happened to him was not your fault. Oh. That's very kind... No, I really mean it. It's really not your fault. (SIGHS) Your husband's alive. No, but... They told me that... Don't you wanna know the truth? Oh, my God. Colin? Colin? You son of a bitch. You're alive? I'm sorry. You're sorry? - Okay, okay. - You're sorry? Oh, my... Just don't. Please. (SIGHS) (SIGHS) She'll be okay, right? Yeah, I think. I mean, it's better she finds out this way than the front page of a newspaper. Mmm-hmm. Anyway, you're the one I'm worried about. Me? Why me? The lab results from your father's suicide note, they come in tonight. Good. Megan... You might not get the answer you want. All I want is the truth. (KNOCK ON DOOR) Here it is. What's it say? You want to sit down? Tommy, what's it say? Now, don't jump to conclusions. There could be a variety of explanations there. They found a foreign fingerprint. It's not my father's, not my mother's. Look, Megan, it's a partial fingerprint. It could be one of your father's patients, cleaning lady, friend paying a visit, could be anybody. Oh, I know whose fingerprint it is. It's my father's killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 