Brave New World with Stephen Hawking: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brave New World with Stephen Hawking 
 s1e5 - Biology - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brave New World with Stephen Hawking (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Biology - full transcript 
 The experts unearth the amazing breakthroughs transforming the resilience and strength of the human body, including the possibility of humans regenerating their own hearts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Science is on the brink of changing your life. Right now, men and women around the world are making amazing breakthroughs. This is incredible! Wow. Our team of leading scientists have chosen the discoveries they think matter most... Whoa. An almost limitless supply of clean energy. It's these which are the basis of one of the most important of all conservation enterprises. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 From the car you will drive... Aah! to medical advances that could save your life... This miracle means we can replace surgery. On a journey that spans the jungles of Africa... I'm here to join the hunt, to find one of the biggest threats to human survival. To the quads of Oxford... This is, arguably, the most complicated thing in the universe. We will show you how science is a force for good. Prepare to see your future. This is the beginning of that brave new world. Tonight: Life. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We have chosen the breakthroughs in biology that we think will shape the future. Discoveries that could cure disease, deliver an endless supply of fuel and unlock the secrets of a longer and healthier life. It's science we think really matters. 'My name is Mark Evans. I'm in Panama, on the southernmost tip 'of Central America.' 'I'm heading to an isolated Pacific island, 'where scientists are hunting for a life form 'that could help defeat one of humanity's biggest killers.' I trained as a vet and I reckon we've got a lot to learn from other life forms that share this planet. Many of them have been around a lot longer than we have and discovering the secrets of their survival could well be critical to ours. This is the island of Coiba. There used to be a penal colony here, so it has remained largely uninhabited. A pristine wilderness, which has survived almost intact. It's a rich hunting ground for plants and micro-organisms, which are known to have medicinal properties. This tree is called "cedron", in Spanish, and it is used extensively by the Panamanians. They boil up the seeds inside the fruit into a tea, which they then use to treat a whole host of ailments, from liver disease to malaria, to snake bite. It's also a pretty good insect repellent. 'It has taken us hundreds of years to uncover some of the secrets 'of the terrestrial environment, 'but now science is taking a harder look 'at another part of the planet... 'the ocean.' It is home to the broadest bio-diversity of life on Earth, and it is opening up new frontiers in our hunt for cures for the diseases that kill us. 'Doctor Kevin Tidgewell is a research scientist 'with the ICBG, 'an international forum dedicated to investigating 'our oceans. 'Today, he is on the hunt for an underwater algae-like substance, 'called "cyanobacteria". You can see it with your naked eye, and it looks... Sometimes it will be about the size of your finger... That big? Yeah, that big, and sometimes even longer. Are they free floating about in currents or are they attached to stuff? No, they either grow on the reef or on the rock, or on the sand, sometimes on seagrass, sometimes directly on sponges. 'Kevin is obsessed with cyanobacteria 'because it's known to have special biological properties.' Is it always, kind of slightly unexpected, what you will find? We never really know until we dive, what's going to be there, because the cyanobacteria bloom and they die away, and so conditions change so rapidly that we can never be 100% certain we will find specific types of the bacteria. One, two, three. There is a much higher level of biological activity underwater than on land. For every litre of seawater, there are 20.000 types of bacteria. Micro-organisms down here are fighting for habitat space, and they use toxic chemicals to battle it out. It's these toxins that scientists hope will be equally aggressive against human diseases. - Good dive? - Oh, it was an amazing dive. - Yeah? - Yeah. We got to see a whole lot of stuff, but best of all, we got a whole bunch of cyanobacteria. And this is it? It looks like a lot of,... just kind of... scrappy old weed. It kind of does. So, cyanobacteria tends to look a little bit like hair, and it feels a little slimy, even. So reach your hand in and grab some. Oh, my God. There's nothing to it. No. It's... It's just stringy... It's like... marine snot. Exactly. It's a little slimy, a little gross. 'It's the properties in this "marine snot" 'that Kevin and his colleagues are studying. Cyanobacteria, kind of turn into small chemical factories and they are producing the most potent and toxic things that they can. 'This really is 'scientific research at its most intrepid! 'The scientist as hunter-gatherer. 'But finding the samples is only part of the story. 'To discover just how useful 'the toxins in the cyanobacteria might be, 'they need to be tested back in a laboratory.' This is the cyanobacteria that we collected yesterday in Coiba,... but preserved in a mixture of ethanol and seawater, to make sure it didn't rot. So this is step one now? Yes, we're going to filter off all the seawater and ethanol, so that then we can extract all the chemicals inside the cyanobacteria, with a different solvent. 'It can take over 48 hours 'to process and test the cyanobacteria, 'so Kevin shows me an earlier sample, 'to demonstrate exactly how effective 'the isolated chemicals can be. 'Kevin is been testing them on cancer cells. What we have here are live cancer cells. 'This is what living breast cancer cells look like, 'under the microscope.' It's amazing, isn't it? It's kind of shocking, as well, when you look at cancer cells, to think of the damage these guys do? 'And this is what cancer cells look like 'after they've been exposed to one of the chemicals 'from the cyanobacteria. 'In some cases, after only two days, 'the cancer cells have been completely killed off.' It's very nice to think that the work we do here, in these labs, can have a large effect on people all over the world. Yeah, yeah,... amazing! And how much more there is to potentially find. I was really conscious when you were in the boat and diving, you're looking at such a tiny, tiny part of the ocean. We are a blue planet. Yeah. These results are really impressive, but there is a long way to go from this sample, to a new treatment for breast cancer. There is no doubt, though, that for medical science, the ocean is an expanding frontier, and this is just the tip of what might be out there. Unlocking the secrets of our natural world has given us remarkable power. Now, we are taking it one step further, combining biology and engineering to take control... as never before. My name is Richard Dawkins, and I'm an evolutionary biologist. I'm here in Oxford on the banks of the River Cherwell, doing what I've done for most of my life, which is marvel... at the complexity of the living world. And trying to understand it. I look at the river,... and I don't see the teeming millions of micro-organisms, but I know they are there, under the surface, reproducing away. I look at a tree,... and I see thousands of solar panels. Each leaf is a solar panel, gathering sunlight, to drive the whole metabolism of the tree. But what would it be like if we could harness these extraordinary natural processes and shape them to our own purpose? If we could get these teaming micro-organisms to work for us at our bidding? That is the inspiration of a whole new area of science. It's called "synthetic biology". And I think it offers exciting possibilities. Some of the most groundbreaking work in synthetic biology is being done here, in the United States, where millions of dollars are being invested in an attempt to create organisms that could generate billions in profits. And one of the biggest challenges of synthetic biology is to harness natural processes to create something the world desperately needs more of... Fuel. It might sound like science fiction,... but it's already happening here at the Joint BioEnergy Institute in San Francisco's Bay area. They are using a bacterium that can cause food poisoning to make a very precious commodity instead. Professor Jay Keasling is behind a project, It's a bacterium that can naturally take in sugar and transform it into other chemicals. that Keasling and his team recognised and wanted to harness. It's an organism that we can quickly manipulate, we can make changes to its genetic make-up, and test whether it could produce a particular biofuel. so it could feed off readily available plant cellulose, turn that into sugar, and then metabolise the sugar into that most valuable of products,... diesel. It's a fantastically efficient process which creates pure diesel fuel that can be used in an ordinary car, without further refining. And just on the side of the tube, you can see the beginnings of the bio diesel. And this, here... You can get bacteria which are widely available and tell it what to do to produce bio diesel, or drugs, or many kinds of medication. It's like a little factory,... right here in this tube! Around 150 years ago, the development of synthetic chemistry revolutionised our ability to make paints,... petrochemicals and plastics. Now, synthetic biology looks set to produce a revolution in our ability to produce everything, from bio diesel, to new medicines. But this time, bacteria will do the work and plants will provide the raw material. Keasling predicts that in two to three decades from now, his new bio diesel, will have replaced up to 30% of the world's transportation fuels. Synthetic biology has incredible possibilities. Who could be against a clean environment or greater food production? Or better medicines produced inexpensively so that everyone has access to them, not just people in developed countries? This could be a world-changing technology. We have many medicines to help us when we are ill, but in the future, perhaps our bodies can learn to heal themselves. We want to tell you about two great advances on this road to regeneration. I'm Joy Reidenberg and I'm an anatomist. I've come to Pittsburgh to find out about an astonishing development in human healing. The team here are isolating a substance called ECM, or extracellular matrix. It's a biological structure on which a body can build or rebuild itself, and it's found in all animals. This is a pig bladder that's being opened up and once it's laid out, the cells are going to be scraped off the surface. The idea is to mechanically remove as many cells as possible so the only thing left is the framework the cells were sticking to. That is, the matrix itself. When we're in the womb, ECM is the scaffold on which our bodies build themselves. As very small children, it helps us heal ourselves if we're injured. But after that, it seems to stop working. By using the ECM structure from this pig's bladder, the scientists here hope to trick the human body into repairing itself. This extraordinary footage shows ECM at work, recruiting stem cells to build healthy tissue rather than scar tissue. It could transform the lives of patients with severe muscle injury. The work on muscle regeneration has already started, and here in San Antonio, Texas, is a man who's one of the first to receive this experimental treatment. Corporal Hernandez was a US Marine serving in Iraq when a mortar blew out the muscle from his right thigh. Did they ever tell you that you would not walk again? Yes. How did they say that to you? Pretty much just like that. "You might not walk again." At first, they told me that, I guess because of the damage, that I should have been paralysed, at least from the waist down. Then, that I should have had my legs amputated. Then, Hernandez heard about ECM and asked to have it inserted in his thigh. ECM is this little round area you can see here, it's kind of rounded off by the scars. Right. But I can see that this has more bulk to it than this area here. That's a little bubble there. Oh, yeah. You can see it bulging when you work out. Yeah, yeah, yeah... I can see that. After ECM, I can stand up and walk no problem,... even running and jogging a little bit now. Really?! Running and jogging?! And working out on equipment like this? Yes. Corporal Hernandez is one of the first ever patients to receive ECM for muscle regeneration. The success of his treatment shows the potential of this breakthrough in regenerative medicine. I'm Dr Roberta Bondar and as an astronaut on board an international space mission, I was also the first neurologist in the world to fly. Roger, Endeavour. 'Orbiting Earth was an extraordinary experience 'and seeing our planet from such a privileged perspective 'made me appreciate our achievements as a species. 'But the discovery I want to tell you about 'excites me not because I was an astronaut, 'but because I'm a doctor. This is Dr Hesham Sadek of the University of Texas. His speciality is regenerative cardiology. We're looking at an image of the heart of a 50-year-old man who's had a near-fatal heart attack. He survived it,... but his heart will never function well again. You can see that entire segment that has a scar is not moving. I'd say about 25% of the heart doesn't contribute to the pumping function of the heart, any more. And this is really the basis of heart failure. We cannot return back the heart to what it was before injury. But there are species that can spontaneously repair themselves. The salamander is capable of self regenerating damaged heart tissue. But could biological science find a way to help humans do the same? That's what Dr Sadek and his team are trying to do. And their starting point is an extraordinary discovery about a fellow mammal. These are the heart cells of a newly born mouse. They're outside the mouse's body, but astonishingly, they are continuing to beat. More than that, they are growing and replicating. So, when they're outside the body like this, they're still able to survive quite well? Yes, and as you can see, they're beating by themselves. And, what's really special about these cells is that they will divide once or twice. This is the basis of why we started this experiment. Hesham and his team wanted to know whether this phenomenon would occur inside a living mouse. The only way to find out was to perform open-heart surgery on a one-day old mouse. Remove a section of its heart, and see if it repaired itself. If it worked, it might help unlock the secrets of how to make a human heart regenerate. Using ice to place a mouse into a state of anaesthetised suspended animation, this is a procedure that has never been filmed before. What Ahmed is doing, is... ..is going to dissect the muscles between the ribs, and enter the chest cavity to access the heart. Very delicate work. Yes. He is a good surgeon. He exposed the heart, so the heart is outside the body... That is incredible in itself. ..and then he is using specialised scissors, to dissect the apex of the heart. Ahmed is removing as much as 15% of the left ventricle. Now he is closing the skin,... by skin glue, just like the skin glue that is used for wounds in humans. This is most amazing,... I mean the fact that you've even let us see this operation, record it, is so impressive. I see it moving now. A little arm out. That's pretty impressive! Only minutes after surgery, the mouse is already recovering. But what happens to its now damaged heart has never been seen in mammals before. We found that within three weeks, after cutting off the tip of the heart, that it all grew back normally, and the function was normal and the heart went back to pumping blood normally as if nothing had happened. Although the mouse is only capable of regenerating its damaged heart tissue like this, for the first seven days of its life, this is a discovery that could lead to harnessing this regenerative power for humans. What is the switch that turned on this process initially? How did you do that initially? How did the heart do that when it was younger? How do the heart cells divide when they're younger? What makes them stop dividing? And can we reawaken that again? Can we make the adult heart cells divide again and heal themselves again? It may be years before Dr Sadek's work reveals results we can use in humans, but it's no less important for that. This research really opens up the possibility that we might be able to find a cure for cardiac disease, without a scalpel in sight. That one day, we may have the power to enable our bodies to heal themselves. Next, our decoding of genetic secrets of a select few could help us all lead longer and healthier lives. I'm a geneticist, so I'm interested in how our individual genetic codes can impact on every stage of our lives. Even our final years. 'Most research into human genes is focused on what's wrong with us, 'but what about what's right with us? 'What about the genes that help us to have a long and healthy life? 'This is San Diego. 'Where the over-75s olds are thick on the ground. I'm here to meet Elsie Taylor. She's quite a special woman. So special, in fact,... that science has taken a very keen interest in her. 'Elsie has never suffered from any serious disease 'and scientists would like to find out why. 'She's 91 and has an impressive fitness regime.' I exercise Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, I dance on Thursday. Friday I have yoga as a rule. I take Shagan and tai chi with Cherie. Have you ever smoked? My grandmother thought it was sinful for a woman to smoke. What about your diet? I have been fortunate enough that I haven't had to worry about my weight. My weight hasn't changed really too much, over the last 30 years. '82-year-old Natalie is, in some ways, very similar to Elsie. 'Both are sociable. 'And, Natalie used to play a lot of hockey and tennis. 'But there the similarities end.' I had a boyfriend who smoked. I thought it was very cool to smoke as well. My mother-in-law used to bribe me, she used to say, "I'll give you so much money if you stop smoking!". And, I once stopped for about a month. And that was it! I was back again. What about things like your diet and exercise? Do you eat particular foods? I'm not a fussy eater but I don't eat everything. I don't like fish, I do like hamburgers. I can go to McDonald's and have a hamburger or I can have a hamburger in a smart restaurant. For breakfast I will often have frozen waffles. And I just hope that I'll get through the day. I climb steps, I go down to the laundry, which are steps. I have 30 steps in my house, and it's frequent up and downs. And,... I feel that's sufficient exercise. Elsie and Natalie have lived very different lives, but both of them are in a tiny minority, because neither has suffered from any serious disease. So scientists want to know if there is something that connects them. Both women belong to an exclusive club dubbed the "Wellderly". Researchers here at Scripps Health are investigating whether there is something in their genetic code that sets them apart. They're comparing their gene sequences against those of people who have died from age-related diseases, before the age of 80. They've identified one particular gene that might play a crucial role in determining lifespan. If they're right, this gene doesn't help you live longer, it makes you die sooner. This research has caught the attention of Andrew Dillin, a professor at Salk Institute for Biological Studies. He's an expert in ageing. Well,... ageing is a stress! Is every day,... day after day, we're dealing with the environmental stresses that are going to be placed on our cells. Whether or not that's UV damage from the sun or oxidative damage from our environment,... there is damage that is happening to our cells and our bodies throughout all of our life. And somehow, when we're young, we're able to deal with that very well. We can protect ourselves and protect the damages that are caused by that, but as you age, you start to accumulate more and more damage. Andrew wants to put the gene identified by the Wellderly Project to the test, by seeing what happens if he disrupts its effect. He can't tweak the genes of humans, so he's trying it out on worms. What we do is we make the same gene disruption in worms and flies and mice, and ask whether it will also increase the health span of those animals, and make them appear like these... Wellderly population of humans. It's still early days for the research on these Wellderly worms, but in previous studies, Andrew has been able to disrupt other age-related genes to create a breed of super-worms that live far longer than their peers. He is confident that we are narrowing in on the key genes that affect lifespan. Now that we know the different genes that are moduling the ageing process, those are targets to make drugs against. At the end of the day, you know, we are not doing the research to make a person that's going to live to be 120 or live to be 250, that's not our goal. The whole goal here is to have a healthy lifespan and die of natural causes, rather than suffer through these age-related diseases. It comes as no surprise to Elsie that the secret of her long life might lie in her genes. My father was 89, he was very active, and his brothers all lived to be late 80s. The oldest was 96 when he died. On my father's side, definitely... longevity was... there! So that helps, I'm sure. And my brother, in spite of... problems that he's had with his health, he is 91, he will be 92 in August, so, um,... it's continuing. I hope to live a few years longer. 'But what is significant to the rest of us 'is that, if researchers like Andrew Dillin can identify these genes 'and turn them on and off, 'then we might all enjoy a healthy old age, 'like Elsie's. You've been doing exciting travelling and kayaking and dancing. What's next for Elsie? It's wonderful to have a young man in my life at this stage, that likes to go places and do things, so we dance together every Thursday and we had this wonderful trip to Spokane, and the Tetons and Yellowstone. Oh, it was just great. Until recently, little was known about the processes by which we grow old. What's fascinating about this research is that it seems possible that we may be able to alter those processes, and unlock the secrets of a longer and healthier life. Er,... I think it would be a selfish thing to say that I'd like to live forever, and I am having a good time. So why shouldn't I go on having a good time? But the fact of the matter is that the world is overpopulated as it is!.. Here I am in my 80s, I have been living far beyond my natural span, I suspect, and that means that the population of the world has grown and grown, and what about young people coming on? No, I think human lifespan has already been extended and I don't think we ought to ask to live forever. I would definitely like to live forever, because my dream is to one day travel to the stars. But to travel from our star to the next-door neighbour star would take 76,000 years using current technology. So to see the whole of the universe, I'd really need to live forever. I personally would love to live forever! I don't think it's a good idea for all humans to live forever, because then we'd never have anybody new, or any new ideas on Earth. We always need an influx of new stuff, but I personally am terrified of death. Not dying,... but being gone! So I'd love to stick around and see what's happening in the future. The more we discover about DNA, the more complex it becomes. Now scientists are beginning to understand that we can affect the health of future generations in ways that none of us ever imagined. Let's suppose that I'd smoked heavily throughout my lifetime, or indeed eaten far too much. Then that would be my responsibility, because my genes might well behave in a certain way which would cause me to have diseases. The received wisdom has always been that that genetic message could not be passed on, but there's some new evidence that what we do to our genes can affect not only our children, but our children's children. We first started to unlock some of the secrets of our DNA nearly 60 years ago, but recently science has begun to focus on an additional layer that sits above our genes... a layer of multiple switches that may be turned on and off as a result of our lifestyle. This field of study is called "epigenetics", and I think that epigenetics, and the study of the way genes function, will be one of the most significant advances in health care in the next decade. This is Professor Marcus Pembrey. He's one of the key proponents of what is still a controversial theory. As a paediatric geneticist, he's been fascinated for years by the idea that a parent could pass on their life experience epigenetically to their children. He began to look for evidence with the help of a unique database at Bristol University. Beginning in 1990, 14.000 pregnant women and their partners agreed to take part in a study which would follow the development of their children. This study is called Children of the 90s. And for the last two decades it's been collecting a detailed store of biological samples and lifestyle information from the families. Marcus focused on the pre-adolescent experiences of the study fathers. The theory was that, as boys at the age of around nine or ten began developing sperm, what they experienced in life at that stage might then be passed on to the next generation. But what life experiences could they look at? The only thing that we could come up with was... when the study father started smoking. You mean the age he started smoking? The age he started smoking. So it was the onset of smoking before puberty, before about the age of 11. Boys in Bristol were already smoking before puberty? Well, indeed they were. Because we are a big study, we had over 5.000 who smoked, fathers who had smoked, but 166 reported that they were smoking before the age of 11. And what did smoking cause? What it did for the future sons, but not the daughters... They had increased obesity at the age of nine, and indeed that's been shown to go right through, er, puberty. This result may seem extraordinary, but the correlation between early smoking fathers and obese sons held true even when they took all other social factors into account. Marcus is convinced that this is an inherited epigenetic effect... and the phenomenon isn't just smoking-related. A remarkable study in Sweden had previously shown that boys who over-ate at the pre-adolescent stage fathered sons whose health was affected. But, most significantly, they have male grandchildren who are much more likely to die early. So the inheritance is not just the DNA, but these additional layers of information, that is placed on the DNA... so... called epigenetics. But if an epigenetic effect can pass down through the male line, what about the female line? Scientists started to study the experiences of women during pregnancy and wondered if stress could cause an epigenetic effect. There was just one problem!.. Obviously, you can't subject a pregnant woman to massive stress in order to find out what's happening to her babies. But occasionally scientists can really benefit from a massive natural disaster, and in 1998 a huge ice storm hit eastern Canada. Electricity pylons buckled under the severity of the freezing rain and the weight of the ice. For over a month, thousands of families had to endure sub-zero temperatures without power. Marie-Claude LeBlanc was seven months pregnant with her son Samuel when the storm struck. We lived each day as a survival exercise. It wasn't exactly a camping trip, it really was survival. Even in a brick-built house, the cold and the damp seeped in, and we felt it to be -35, -40. We couldn't let the fire go out. There's no doubt, that living through the ice storm would have been a stressful experience for anyone, but especially so for a pregnant woman concerned about her unborn baby. Yet could the stress that the women experienced have a long-term effect on the health of their children? Psychologist Dr Suzanne King experienced the ice storm first-hand and wondered exactly that. My family was without power for seven days, which was not all that long compared to people in the region we're studying, but a few days after the ice storm I went to give blood and found that my blood pressure was abnormally high. I realised that this was probably due to stress, and it also occurred to me that there were probably hundreds, if not thousands, of pregnant women out there, also being stressed by the ice storm. Dr King and colleagues at McGill University recruited more than 150 women who were pregnant during the storm and is studying their children. We're looking really at development in the child in terms of their cognitive development, their IQ and language and so on. Their behavioural development in terms of depression, anxiety, aggressiveness. Also, their physical development. So in very general terms, what it looks like is that for women who had the highest levels of stress from the ice storm, the worse the outcome in the child. This suggests that the extreme hardship experienced by the pregnant women during the ice storm has resulted in some of their children having a lower IQ and greater emotional difficulties. In the womb, we develop hundreds of thousands of brain cells a day. And perhaps exposure to high levels of stress hormones has an epigenetic effect. We have to wait for the ice-storm mothers to have grandchildren to see if this epigenetic effect is passed on to the next generation. In the past, people thought the slate was wiped clean between a generation... only DNA mattered. Now we know it's not destiny, there is other things. What you choose to do, the lifestyle you choose to have, for good or bad, not only sets an example to your offspring and grandchildren, but actually biologically can affect the way their genes work and the way they develop and their health. You know, we humans are really arrogant. We think, with science, that we control our environment, but actually, our environment controls us. And unless we learn that message, we, our children and our children's children will always have a battle for our health. In this series, we have given you a glimpse into our future. We have shown you the discoveries and inventions we think matter most. Perhaps the most astonishing... the power of genetics... how our understanding of the genome is creating a revolution in human health. Like the cancer treatment that has saved the life of Tina Miranda. We couldn't be more pleased about how well you're doing. Thank you! You're feeling well, your cancer has been shrinking away. It's just wonderful to see that. Yes. A new understanding which is also ensuring a future for endangered animals... A vet is now taking a blood sample from this lovely old creature. It will preserve genetic information that will last for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. And has led to the new science of optogenetics, which might reveal at last the inner workings of our brains. In there were once thoughts, memories, dreams, perceptions of colour, sounds, melodies, language. There are perhaps 100 billion nerve cells... neurons... in there, and maybe 200 trillion connections between them. These discoveries have inspired us. I think the most interesting aspect of all the biological sciences is actually how the brain thinks, and I think we're just beginning now, for the first time, to understand the physiology of human emotion, human love, human anger and so on. Really fascinating. I think if I were starting my career all over again, I might be very tempted to work in biology, because with our knowledge of genetics now, the world really seems to be our oyster. I think the most significant discovery in the last decade or so has been the recognition that genetics is not just a matter of chromosomes. The breakthrough that is just on the verge of becoming reality is understanding our own genetic make-up, enough to be able to predict what diseases we might get, and be able to beat the disease to the punch and stop that disease from happening. But our future is not just about flesh and blood. We revealed a new machine age where lasers built a world around us... and cars drive themselves. - We've just gone driverless? - Absolutely, yeah. Show me your hands! And there is public transport to dream of. It's all a bit James Bond. It's a time where there are rockets for hire, an era where robots learn like us... Do you want me to play alone? Operate to save our lives, and even help the paralysed to walk again. I'm massively optimistic about the future. You only have to see what's coming out of scientific research institutes around the world to think the future's going to be a fabulous place to live. But science is not just about the practical. It allows us to understand the world... it gives meaning to life. Everybody knows science is useful, so they run away with the idea that useful is all that science is. Of course science is useful... it's very useful... but you have to remember science is almost an aesthetic pursuit as well. It's inspirational. How we know that the Earth is not flat, but round. How we know that the Sun doesn't go round the Earth, but the Earth goes round the Sun... These fundamental understandings are actually, crucial to understanding our place in the universe. Trying to unlock and understand the secrets of nature and the universe is a part of being curious, and a part of being human. And we know from the past that this kind of fundamental science has the potential to change the world. I've lived with the prospect of death for many years, but I'm in no hurry to die. I want to see the future, and the wonders it will bring. Magic is going on inside there! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 