Spartacus: Gods of the Arena: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena 
 s1e3 - Paterfamilias - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena (2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Paterfamilias - full transcript 
 Batiatus is pleased with himself having arranged for Gannicus to appear in the primus of Quintillius Varis' games. He is not however prepared for the return of his father Titus who arrives ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Spartacus.Prequel.E03.720p.x264.Tom.Bom Paterfamilias We have won many victories in the arena, sent many an unworthy opponent to the afterlife. Yet self-important men hold us to the lesser matches of the morning, absent both eyes and prominence. Such time has found its end. Two days hence our champion will take to the sands to face another of Vettius' shit-eating dogs. Not in the streets, but in the fucking primus! Behold the champion whose recent performance inspired 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 good Varus to return the House of Batiatus to proper position! Behold Gannicus! Gannicus, Gannicus, Gannicus, - Gannicus, Gannicus... - An inspired performance indeed. One not to be repeated. A true god of the arena! A man to be admired and emulated. This is but glorious beginning. Soon you will litter the sands with the blood and bone of all who present challenge instructed in the ways of death and glory by a former champion! One of our very own! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I give you Oenomaus! No longer to hold that name! No longer a gladiator! Now and forevermore to be revered as your doctore! Yeah! Doctore! This has been wielded with pride by each before you since the time of my grandfather, bestowed on only the most loyal and honorable of men. Your will, my hands. Batiatus! Batiatus! Yeah! The primus. To gain such position, Varus must truly have been impressed with your prowess. As am I. - It was nothing. - It is a great honor for yourself and this ludus. Both of you bring honor to this ludus, each in his own way. Did you note how he could scarce meet my eye? He must now heed my commands and does not embrace it. Will the other men share sentiment toward my honored position? It is his position that stirs troubled thoughts. He sets mind to the primus as you must to training the men. I know this is not what you wished for... And yet here I stand, elevated. As you deserve. For taking a life? For betraying hand that forged the man before you? There was no betrayal in what you did. Some acts cannot be avoided when stripped of choice. Now... turn thoughts from unfortunate past. We must look towards days to come and embrace them. Barca, pair with Crixus. The rest of you... continue training. At last the gods remove cock from fucking ass! The House of Batiatus... no. The House of Quintus Lentulus Batiatus... ...rises to the fucking heavens! Soon my champions will be carved in stone, towering above all who came before, and Gannicus will be the first of them after his victory in the fucking primus. The position was not gained absent aid. I offered naught but introduction and a few selected words of suggestion. You could wile the Goddess Laverna herself. Your place in this will not pass without much fucking gratitude. The kind I favor most. Has a man ever been so blessed? Quintus. - Father. - Gather yourself. I would have words. I leave this house in your care and this is what greets me upon return? I was not expecting your arrival. Am I to announce myself to the walls that I own? Of course not, yet if I had known of your return from Sicilia... The knowledge would have produced what result? Huh? Flowers and scented oils laid to meet me, masking sight of a son gone to shit? - I but celebrate. - Upon what cause? Angering Tullius with refusal of reasonable offer? - Your exclusion from the games? - How do you come by that? I'm old, Quintus, not dead. There are still those in Capua that hold my name in regard and would see me well informed, - good Solonius counted among them. - Solonius? He sent word of his concerns regarding your dealings with Tullius. The man is seized by unnecessary worry. Your face suggests otherwise. - A minor disagreement. - Nothing with a man such as Tullius is ever minor. A fact obvious to the simplest of minds. Then it is a blessing a greater one than mine has arrived. I bluster... when soft breeze would be more welcome, hmm? You cannot ask the wind to change its nature. My frustration is more with myself. You never wished for this... the ludus, the gladiators, the blood, the sand. Your eyes were always towards the horizon, to glories and triumphs forever out of reach of a common lanista. Yet here I stand, a lanista like my father. Not like him at all. You have never been able to look into the eyes of a man and gauge his true heart. Only days past, I looked into the eyes of Quintilius Varus and gauged way to secure the primus in his games. Varus has never employed a lanista not blessed by Tullius. Why now break tradition? Because I possess what Tullius does not... Gannicus! Gannicus? The man is a jest, inciting more laughter than awe. And now I find he is desired by half of Rome. Much has changed in your absence. And much has remained the same. I would review my men and see how they have fared, denied proper guidance. Have feast prepared as instructed. And send to market - for an amphora of mulsum. - Yes, Domina. The highest quality, not that shit from Flavus. Again with the honeyed wine. - Does the corpse drink nothing else? - Lower your fucking voice. The man has severed you from moorings. He is the paterfamilias. One word dropped from his tongue could send us both to the streets. We must be beyond reproach or fall to ruin. Very well. I will be a vision of demure obedience and propriety. On the outside at least. We are honored by your return to Capua, Father. I am certain your heart swells. Oh, the clime of Sicilia has most certainly restored health. Perhaps you do not recall me. Gaia, a dear friend of... The memory of you has not yet faded. Quintus. We must prove this fucking house in order and prompt decision for his quick return to Sicilia. Withered old fuck. Eat, brothers. You bear the mark now. Savor the taste of victory. Congrats, brother. Welcome, boys. Our piss once again - finds its way to their mouths. - As if sucked from our cocks. - We bear the fucking mark! - Received absent the test. A fucking goat may bear the mark. It does not make him a brother. Hey! Hey! - Fuck did he say? - Fucked if I know. He wants some more. You should not eat with lower men. You are Doctore now. A title I did not seek. I would not have events absent my control come between us. Nor would I. Ah, greetings. Auctus. Narto. Oenomaus. You assumed mantle of Doctore. After unfortunate death of his predecessor, I chose Oenomaus as replacement, knowing that he... Gather your food. Let us retire to your cell. I would exchange stories of the passing years, old friend. Dominus. Many regrets haunt a man as life draws nearer its end. Being too ill to witness your battle with Theokoles in Pompeii counted deeply among them. A fight of legend I have been told. A defeat of equal proportion. Defeat? Huh! - You did not lose. - Nor was I victor. You are the only man to ever face the Shadow of Death and live. That alone is a great victory, one that has brought honor to this house... well, as you have always done. And I would continue to do so... in the arena. Are you not pleased with elevation to Doctore? Give command and I would gladly release title in favor of sword and shield. Oh. Words I am reluctant to speak. The doctore is second in importance only to the lanista himself. I chose Ulpius, oh, many years ago. This ludus was his beating heart. The stilling of it is unfortunate news, tempered only by you assuming his place... the sole decision my son has made that I find agreeable. It is a position I am not worthy to hold. There is none more so. From the moment I laid eyes in that awful place, I knew that wild boy, so filled with rage and hate, would grow into the man I see before me. We have traveled a great distance together, Oenomaus. I would finish my journey comforted by thought of you maintaining honor within these walls. A comfort I'm certain your wife will share, knowing that you will not die beyond them. Dominus. The way they fawn over him, falling to knee to lick his fucking ass. He takes over my house, my gladiators, my fucking bed! Did he give voice toward - length of stay? - He gives voice only towards considerable fault of un-fucking-worthy son. Just leave. I secure the primus and he acts as if I shit upon the name Batiatus. Oh, you raise it beyond anything he can imagine. He will see this and bitter tongue will turn to praise. He would sooner bite it off than have it betray him so. I had forgotten the feeling of this sudden abyss as he sets disapproving eye upon me. Come. You'll not need to endure his presence long. His health has fled in these climes before. Should he fail to realize that his house, his name is in proper hands, a forced return to Sicilia will eventually arise. I would see him removed sooner. Your return lifts the heart, Dominus. Only for those who yet possess one. Gratitude. Attend. Pair up! Crixus, spar with Barca. Auctus, work the palus until Gannicus joins us. Oenomaus, this one is too small. I would have something - the size of a man. - Barca! Do as your doctore commands. Yes, Dominus. Come. Let us see what is between your legs. The Gaul winces from spear as he would from my cock. Is my long, hard weapon too much for you, little man? I'm without lesson against it, but your instructions are well received. Apologies. - You rise earlier than expected. - I rise at proper hour... an attribute neither you nor your man Gannicus seem to share. Harsh words will find the man's ear. It could be shouted, yet ignored. Gannicus is no champion. I would promote Auctus or half a dozen men in his place. - Mmm. Matter we disagree on. - One of many. What man spars with Barca? Crixus, a fierce Gaul of worthy stock. I recall name from the ledger. A sapling of exceeding cost. The man will earn the mark and see investment well returned. Doctore, bring Crixus up. My father would have closer inspection. No, continue training. We are to town for necessary business. I will have Barca prepared as an escort. Barca is a gladiator, trained to wield weapon in the arena, not be yours in the street. Now come. Your late rise already threatens the appointed hour. And not one denari less. You would have me sit with this fucking man? I would have you silent while I attempt repair of damaged relation. Titus. Good to lay eyes, old friend. Your experience in delicate matters of business has been sorely missed. - To be rectified presently. - Come. Sit. You recall my associate Vettius? Vettius? Oh. You were but a child last I knew. How the years flee from us, eh? - How fares your father? - Dead. Oh, apologies. How terrible. The boy is ill-starred acquaintance with such misfortunes. Why only days past he was set upon on our own streets on way to appointment with Quintilius Varus. - Varus? - The same man who, absent Vettius' presence, managed to find way to your ludus. Where this fucking cock-eater stole the primus from me! Vettius, hold your tongue. How do you answer this? Pssh. He accuses, absent cause. My wife and her friend Gaia came upon good Varus in town - baking under noonday sun. - Gaia? She knew Varus from her days in Rome, offered respite at my villa while he waited for the absent boy to come to purpose. A fortunate coincidence for all involved. Was it this same fortune that saw me set upon by your fucking men? Did you see faces? Did they bear my mark? You wet cunt. Enough! Remove yourself to the street. Go! And leave reasonable men to discourse. Your son has much to learn from the ways of diplomacy. A subject all young men struggle to master. Let us school them in its ways. You are better matched against wooden men. Work the palus, Gaul. Resume! Are we to follow Barca's commands now? He shares my thoughts. The Gaul falters against spear. Perhaps advice from a champion would aid his cause. Days past you fought me with something approaching skill. Yet opposite Barca, you act as his lover... face down with your cheeks spread. The spear is unknown to me. You are Gaul. Did you never face the Arverni? My years before capture never held the privilege. They wield spear with deadly purpose, as does Barca from the judging. He but instructs... each blow a lesson never to be repeated. You should be quite the scholar by the time he has beaten you to death. Crixus! You fought well against my two swords. Rid a hoplomachus of his spear and he is left with only one weapon. Barca. If you're done with your man's cock, I would have proper contest. The gods bless Barca with another tiny man to fuck. Your man Gannicus appears in fine form. As he will in the primus, elevating the house with glorious performance. My heart yet races at the thought of his last. We'll place such memories behind us. A difficult feat when so enjoyed by all. - Some more than others. - Come here. Apologies, Domina. Guests have arrived. Guests? Varus. We were not expecting. Oh, the fault is mine for failing to announce. Good Cossutius is on stay from Rome to celebrate the Vinalia. After I extolled the virtues of the House of Batiatus... - I demanded introduction immediately. - You honor us. But my husband tends to final preparations - for tomorrow's games in town. - Oh, how disappointing. Yet we could remove ourselves to the balcony for proper viewing of his gladiators until his return. I fear you mistake intent. I was not regaling Cossutius with tales of your men but of your house's more intimate delights. I fear that was a special consideration. Was it? Perhaps Vettius will be more accommodating then, concerning this and my primus. It would be unfortunate to have come so far and find hands empty, would it not? I would not have it so. Excellent. - Let us prepare Gannicus and... - No. For what joy is there in exploring ground already discovered? None at all. What do you offer? A gladiator of your choosing paired with... a slave as yet untouched. Untouched? A delicacy no longer present at the moment in my house. Then it is fortunate you find yourself in ours. Solonius. - A word. - And for you, sir? - Fresh just this morning. - I would share its equal. I came to you as trusted friend carrying news of Tullius' renewed offer towards Gannicus. You carried but shit spewed from an errant hole. And what of other knowledge I lighted upon treacherous ears? That of Varus' arrival to be met by Vettius? - Vettius is a fool. - Under the employ of Tullius. He will think I had hand in the boy's assault. He suspects nothing. His thoughts have turned towards my father inside. What seizes fucking mind, dispatching message to him? - Your father is in Capua? - He sits with Tullius as you bleat, - stroking fucking cock. - Why do you remain in the streets? - Why do you think? - I did not mean for his return. I sought only advice towards worry for a man I hold as brother. Intentions well received. Let us place transgressions aside... ...in favor of more pressing concerns. Your patience and reason recalls joyous times, when business was conducted by those who shared respect for it. I fear we are a dying breed. I am certain you shall outlive us all, Master Batiatus. Solonius, I hardly placed you. The years weigh heavy on a man, do they not? Your presence is fortuitous, striking need to seek you out. Share walk and let us review recent events. Solonius... Am I allowed voice now? Could the gods halt the sound? Whatever Tullius and the boy may think, I gained the primus on merit of Gannicus' prowess. Even if true, it is of no matter now. Gannicus will not appear in the games. But Varus has made personal request. A necessary sacrifice towards leveling unequal ground. You will make apology to Varus, relaying Gannicus found injury in training and that Vettius is amply capable of seeing the primus attended. You give away the primus and now ask that I tongue the fucking boy's ass?! I ask nothing! This is how it will be. In return, a few of our men will be paired against each other after midday sun. - Our men fight themselves. - The only plank salvaged - from such wreckage. - Then we must choose the men with care. - They have been chosen for us. - Tullius now selects - my fucking men as well? - An unavoidable concession. Barca and Gnaeus, Auctus to face your Gaul, Crixus. Crixus is but a recruit, not yet a fucking gladiator. Who you failed to mention was purchased from Tullius. To gain... to gain his favor. And what fruits did your scheme bear? Huh? No, this is price due for attempting to maneuver men above your station. Be thankful it was not more costly. Are you certain you would not prefer the man bathed and scented? He stands perfect towards his cause. I would, however, gauge the freshness of your offerings. Remove your robes. Did I not tell you? They are of a form. But a woman's worth is not always revealed to the eyes. A man must probe deeper for true value. Remove yourself to the vestibule. Return if Dominus and his father are seen upon the road. I shall have this one. She's considerably tighter. Move on top of him. Know why I chose this man? So crudely etched, the smell of shit hot upon his breath? Because this world is filled with the grotesque and the divine. They exist together, two sides of a coin. You cannot have one... absent threat of the other. And words... cannot convey the true nature of this. It must be experienced. It must be felt. And never forgotten. Oh, your presence has been missed in Rome since your husband's passing. Your charms would brighten darkest night. I long to return and crest dawn upon a husband yet of this world. How does your dowry stand? I was under under impression you were absent family of means. Gaia is a treasure within herself. One to be coveted by a man untethered to the burden of position and appearance. Cossutius, you were well satisfied? Praise laid upon your house has not been exaggerated. It is a wonder. Such base diversion would be impossible to conceal in Rome. Capua is a city of many pleasures. Often obscured by pressing business to which we sadly must attend. - You take leave so soon? - A regrettable necessity. Gratitude for your hospitality. I look forward to seeing you at the games and your man Gannicus upon my primus. Oh, you honor us. - Crixus begins to show promise. - Upon his back. The man always rises... a trait to be admired. So you have eyes for the Gaul now? - And if I did? - I would fucking kill you. Ah! Come here. You fucking cunts! You soil our food. Why shall we not make meal of your fucking pets? Crixus! - You do not help your friend? - This is a fight between brothers. I do not yet bear the mark. A fact Ashur is fond of reminding me of. Have you lost fucking mind?! Stand down! Calm yourselves! Is this what my house has fallen to? Brother setting upon brother so far removed from the honor of the arena where such contest holds meaning? This points to reason the gods have turned from us, stripping the primus from our hands. - I do not fight in the games? - You do not. Yet our sacrifices do not stand unrewarded. A few of you will take to the sands after midday sun. And I expect those chosen to bring more honor to the House of Batiatus than you now bring to yourselves. Yeah! Fuck you! - Gnaeus fight Barca! - Then I will split your ass in two. Fuck! You do not gain position? I do... against Crixus. Ah, your favorite. The man does not even bear the fucking mark. Am I to fight? You are to die... at the end of my spear. So... you fight in the arena. I do not. The gods truly punish me. I long to be of the brotherhood, to become a gladiator. But to be awarded position... it is an honor I have not earned. There are many things given to us in this life for the wrong reasons. What we do with such blessings... that is the true test of a man. Go well. Be victorious, brother. Give him hell, man. May Auctus fall, and Barca follow. Auctus. Gnaeus. Return victorious, brothers, for I am out of wine. After all we've done, the sacrifices made, only to have the primus torn from grasp. Pssh. "Torn" would imply resistance. My father offers none. You could not move him from this decision? Hercules would fail in the labor. Are we set to leave? I would not arrive late. - Doctore gathers the men. - Ah. Perhaps some mulsum while you wait, Father, to celebrate your return to the games. You seek to ply me with honeyed wine? You find my weakness and I would have it exploited. - I shall join you. - It disquiets your stomach too much, especially in hot weather such as this. - It never did agree with you. - Guards! - A trait gained from your mother. - A presence sorely missed. Every day. Hyah! Your Gaul appears ragged. Result of extensive training and preparation - for the test he has yet to take. - You set this in motion, Quintus, - by purchasing the man to gain favor. - Only after I looked into his eyes and saw a spark as you always spoke of. Then today presents rare opportunity. Auctus, a man forged beneath my rule, to face Crixus, forged beneath yours. The outcome to prove if son has learned anything of worth from father. Your time has come. Gratitude... for all you've taught me. Fight with honor. And if the gods will it, die the same. Crixus. A word. You have shown great promise in practice and exhibition against Gannicus. Yet this is the arena. This is where men become gods. Legions with far greater training and skill than you have fallen upon this sacred ground, many beneath Auctus' spear. But I do not think that you will be one of them. You have the blood of a champion to rival any my father has ever heralded. Do you wish to behold such miracle come to pass? It is all I desire. Then seize fucking glory and see us both proven worthy. Have you set Crixus to purpose? Stoked the flame as best I can. It is now up to the man to ignite... or be forever extinguished. It is a pity it is not Gannicus nor the primus. It was well earned. Yet he is the one honored, while his only fucking son is left to languish. Soon your father will attest your worth. Or decay into the afterlife. Either way, we will be free of him. Yeah! An epic showing from the House of Batiatus, certain to please the gods. In gratitude, we will be merciful and grant life! You are overly kind. Your house is being most accommodating and should be rewarded. Well, gratitude. L... - Are you unwell? - Perhaps the excitement is too much for him. - 'Tis but the heat and dust. - Water. I would not have torrid throat announce your final offering. Address the crowd? The honor is unfit a lanista. We decide what befits a lanista, Batiatus. Make introduction. Let us move on. I stand humbled before the great people of Capua, my home and my heart too long parted from chest. In gratitude, I present the final offering from the House of Batiatus. Entering the arena, a virgin upon its sands, I give you Crixus! Murmillo! His opponent, a warrior unmatched in skill and honor. I give you Auctus! Hoplomachus! Capua! Just like last time! Just like last time! - Come on! - Begin! Kill the fucking Gaul! Kill the fucking Gaul! Kill him! Auctus wields spear to rival Mars himself. Well, he has been well trained. The same cannot be said of Crixus. Perhaps he should've remained a hauler of stone. Wo Cut him through! Yeah! Stupid fuck. - Kill the little cunt! - Fuck! What?! Fuck! Fuck. Barca has taught you well. Yes! Crixus, Crixus! A fine showing, Batiatus, with unexpected conclusion. Indeed it was. I swear to be burned, chained, beaten or die by the sword in pursuit of honor in the arena. Welcome to the brotherhood. Crixus proves himself. Perhaps even as match for Gannicus one day, in and out of the arena. You fought well, brother. Your Gaul, still yet a recruit, defeated a gladiator I considered among the best of my men. It would appear I underestimated Crixus... as I did my son. - You honor me, Father. - No, you honor yourself, - when cleared of plots and schemes. - Thoughts far removed, - never to return. - Nothing pleases more than to see reason take hold of senses and a house righting its path. I will see it continued in your absence. - Absence? - Why, I assume you return to Sicilia. - Your health... - No. Seeing Crixus's victory stirred passions I have not felt in many years. The blood and the sand, the roar of the crowd... oh, it lifts spirits more than change of clime could hope to offer. No, I will stay at your side and together we shall see the House of Batiatus rise to former glories, huh? - You remain here? - Uh-huh. Until breath flees wearied flesh, calling me to the afterlife. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 