Spartacus: Gods of the Arena: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena 
 s1e2 - Missio - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena (2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Missio - full transcript 
 A week has passed since he received his severe beating at the hands of Tullius' men and Batiatus has now recovered sufficiently to leave his bed. Tullius sends him a message to the effect that he acted hastily and offers a compromise. Batiatus is in no mood to compromise however and plans his own revenge. Quintillius Varis comes to Capua to select gladiators for his games and Gaia, who knows him, plots to have him come to Batiatus' house. Batiatus will seemingly go to any length to impress Varis but his blind enthusiasm does not sit well with the men. Doctore and Oenomaus settle their differences in the arena. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Reconsider your answer, or be excluded from the games forever. ...is not the time. Let us not broach the subject again. Quintus, why are you from bed? The Medicus gave plain instruction you are to rest. A week upon my back sees advice well heeded. More and even my cock will cease knowing how to stand. His spirit returns. I am not a babe new-dropped from fucking womb. See meat and wine set out. Yes, Domina. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I always follow the wine. Your wounds, they are less gruesome. Has she not found some fool's bed to fall to yet, or is her sole intent in Capua to drink us dry? - She has been of great comfort. - And seeks the word for herself. Who do you think dried my tears when my husband was returned to me, bloodied and broken? His life in question? I live. And continue thoughts towards doing so. I would not see my injuries wound you as well. Oh, it's a balm to see you on your feet. You're going to speak to the magistrate about this? Towards what end? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Quintus... - He is a puppet. What redress would Sextus offer, when the man who grieved me holds his strings? Tullius has always been a favoured son of Capua. I cannot believe he would be capable of doing such a thing. A man of ambition is capable of anything. My dealings with the magistrate take precedence tomorrow. I would have you greet Varis in my stead. The honour would be mine. The man pisses wine and shits gold. Varis is but a stream leading to an ocean of coin. One I would see break wave upon our steps. He comes to choose men? For the Games of the Vinalia, to ensure his vines bear fruit in the coming year. I will present only our finest gladiators. I would enrich our stock, and offer him Gannicus as well. This had best be the Falernian promised. If I find you've served your usual swill, - we will have words. - Put mind to ease. Tullius. Note sun and mountains etched in the amphora, proof of its authenticity. Yes, of course. I was unaware you had an appreciation for such tastes, Solonius. A gift for a friend recovering from unfortunate injury. Please. Allow me. Generous, but unnecessary. I believe it is. I've done nothing to deserve it. A matter shortly to be rectified. Come, I would discuss message to be delivered with our gift. Better received from your tongue than mine. The Gaul is quite the beast. What name does he take? Apologies, I do not know. His name is Crixus. He trains in the style of Murmillo. You have an interest in the games. Or does it land only upon the men who play them? So easily made to blush, a sign of tragic inexperience. I have not turned such a colour since before you were born. How I envy your youth. And all the wonders you have yet to discover. Do not be afraid to pursue every delight this world has to offer. Melitta cautions patience. Plucking flowers too quickly will bruise the petals. Words from a mouth that has only known her husband's cock. You charge like a crazed goat, absent thought. When faced with stronger opponent, draw him to you, then counter. Again. Finally, words find way through thick skull. Crixus. Join the recruits, continue your training. Yes, Doctore. The mighty Gaul returns. Or is it his corpse, too stubborn to fall to grass? Dagan expresses his joy at finding you yet among us. We feared you were fated for the mines, with all the sand you have been eating. An acquired taste. Come, I should serve you some more. You've done well with the man. Crixus is undisciplined, but not without promise. Brings to thought a wild fuck I schooled, when we yet called Batiatus' father Dominus. I yet feel the sting of your lessons. Their knowledge now bestowed upon simple recruits. I will seek word with Batiatus, towards your return to the arena. - Gratitude, Doctore... - Close fucking mouth. I but seek not to have wasted long years of pulling your head from your ass. Doctore. I require a more worthy opponent. Perhaps if Oenomaus is finished sipping drink? Instruct Gannicus in the ways of a true champion. Do you recall Magnetius, when he fought Trux of the East? A glorious victory. For my father. Hadrianus. Acerbitas. Dolor. Zephyros. My father's champions. My grandfather's champions. The storied history of the House of Batiatus. With new chapters yet to be added. Etched upon what tablet? I'm excluded from the games, or has such details slipped memory's grasp? Apologies. I did not mean... Fault is mine for bearing teeth at trusted friend. Gratitude for the gift. It's well received. I claim only its delivery. He's willing to see his bid for Gannicus doubled. If accepted, he will grant your men strong position in the upcoming Games of the Vinalia. This wine is from Tullius? I did not seek him out. He approached me in the marketplace, expressing regret that his business with you turned to excess. He even paid for the wine that I'd selected for you. A gesture of goodwill. - Do you see these marks upon me? - We must consider... Do you fucking see them? I see them. That is the man's true gesture, the only to be considered! You counsel to suck the cock that pisses on me! I merely counsel reason, as your father would. To what purpose? He brings word and gift from Tullius, who yet seeks Gannicus to swell his ranks. After what he fucking did to you? Let us sweep aside such petty grievances in service of reason and reward. He offers twice the sum refused. And what, I wonder, does good Solonius receive for convincing me to spread cheeks and accept deeper ramming? I would share equal position in the games. You are in remarkable condition, to claim my reflection. Our fates move towards similar end, despite outward appearance. Refuse Tullius' offer, and I shall join you in exclusion from the arena. He makes such a threat? With exacting clarity. I did not mean to see you burdened so. I will think upon the matter. Tullius requires answer. I require a fucking moment! He wishes to present your man to Quintilius Varis tomorrow. Varis? He comes to Capua? Vettius is to meet him as he enters the city midday. I held his acquaintance in Rome, a man of great influence. And coin. You would beg for Tullius' scraps? Without them, I fear we shall both go hungry. Think upon it. And know that I stand with you, whatever your decision. I have witnessed greater spine within a snail. What are your thoughts? Doctore! Send that fucking man to the mines! Do it! No, Doctore! No, please! Doctore! Dominus! We do not surrender in this fucking house! I'll see these walls fall to ruin before missio is given! It appears decision is made. Gannicus will one day stand the champion of Capua. For the House of Batiatus! How do we manage such honour, if excluded from the games? Tullius but brokers interest. If a man of wealth and position, such as Varis, requested my men, even he would be unable to refuse. He meets with Vettius. You expect that fucking child to make introduction? No, I expect him to bleed, as I rip Varis from his grasp! Halt! Rest! Eat! Your numbers shrink like frightened cock. A man is condemned to the mines, and they all fucking jest? If it were a brother lost, you would find the mood solemn. We must earn the fucking mark to gain respect. Or follow Indus to his fate. I will not die a faceless slave, forgotten by history. We shall rise together. One day all the Republic will marvel at the sight of us. Fucking savages. They pissed in the porridge. I have had my fill. Oh, finally, someone who can hold their wine! I did not realise we were for company. He leaves presently. Oh, please, after we have finished the jug. The last of my spoils to be shared with dearest of friends. Replace dearest with only, and sentiment becomes truth. Settle argument. Who was the better man as we sparred today? My husband. You are swayed by the title of wife. One day we shall face each other upon the sand, and have true decision. What would really happen? If you had to face each other, sine missione? No quarter given, no mercy shown? I would give your husband a glorious death. You joke of killing a man you love, when someday you may be asked to. Oh, you two are a perfect match, are you not? Both always fretting about what tomorrow may bring. We are slaves. Burden of choice and conscience equally removed. We are truly free when we fight, or when we fuck, which I shall leave to do presently. It is you and my husband who are of a perfect match. One hides true thought in brooding silence, the other in boastful jest, meant to hold all at a fair distance. Melitta... I do not hold you at a distance. You are my two favourite women in this world. And what happens, brave Gannicus, when presented with circumstance you cannot laugh or fight your way clear of? Well, I may have to fuck my way clear of it. Good night! Gannicus... Never come upon my back. Apologies. I seek only advice for coming days. Heed Oenomaus' instruction, you will earn your brand. Till then, you stay from sight. It is not the brand that concerns me. It is becoming champion. There is only one way to become champion. Never fucking lose. See Barca readied. He is to accompany me to the city. Another stunt in the market? Does my last bodyguard's death fucking elude? Barca is to serve as such? He is a gladiator, not... He is whatever I fucking say. Have the Syrians also prepared. Absent shackles and clothed for the streets. Ashur and Dagan, what use do you see them to? - None of your concern. - With respect, Dominus, I am the Doctore. The men are my only concern. A duty awarded you by my father. A man who would not condemn a promising recruit to the mines out of a mood! Recruits, gladiators, even you, are but slaves. Mine to command, despite my fucking moods. You truly believe this man ripe with potential? Indus will never be champion, but he is not without skill. Have him loaded with the Syrians. I will give him opportunity to prove his worth. Dominus. Has Venus herself ever appeared in such rare form? You blaspheme. Frequently and with great relish. Where is Gaia? The appointed hour is upon us. She stands ready. Quintus... Do not give voice to doubt. We are committed, and will see this to its end. You each know your parts. See this act to successful completion, and earn the Mark of the Brotherhood. Without proving ourselves in the test? This is your test. But turn thoughts toward escape or fail in its charge, and I will have you parted from your cocks and crucified. You're clear to your purpose? Yes, Dominus. Take up your positions and await my signal. I do not trust the Syrians. If this does not end in our favour, they will appear as common thieves, absent my fucking mark upon arm. Oh, this will never work. Of course it will, look at you. What man or otherwise could resist such charms? Gaia... Oh, still fluttering heart. I would not deny myself such pleasures if presented again, yet necessities shift attention to cock. And a golden one at that. You set eyes towards Varis? He is without wife, last I heard. We do this to aid my husband, not to secure one of your own. He arrives. Let us end discussion and set mind to purpose. Good Vettius! Thank the gods I have found you. Your gratitude is misplaced. I do not know you. I am Varis' man. He sends word of pressing desire to see the new arena before retiring to business. The arena? No. I am of clear instruction to meet him as he enters the city. Of course. Apologies. I will deliver word of your refusal. Wait. Varis is honoured guest. As such, I am but humble servant. It's quicker, I think, if we pass through here. Apologies, for the inconvenience. Dominus will be most pleased that you've accompanied me. You've turned yourself about. This is not the direction of the fucking arena. No. It is not. We are to leave this one alive, you simple fuckl Our charge is met. I will not see the mines. I fear they would have been a blessing. Apologies, brother. Vettius saw your face. Dominus gave instruction. Where the fuck is Vettius? Quintilius? It is you! Gaia! What finds you in such horrid climes? A visit to see dearest friend. Lucretia! Lucretia and her husband, Batiatus, are the saving grace of this ill-bred town. This is Quintilius Varis, an acquaintance of my late husband. His wine is the toast of Rome. Your tongue has lost none of its silver. It's an honour. And what good a fortune blesses Capua with your presence? I come to choose gladiators for the Vinalia. Or would, if young Vettius ever deigns to appear. We shall entertain you with diverting conversation while you wait. I fear it shall be tragically one-sided. The sun threatens to bake me senseless. We cannot have such esteemed guest expire so, can we? Well, my husband's villa is but a little ways from here. You'd be more than welcome... Gratitude. But I would seek Vettius out, and put foot to ass for his delay. Lucretia's slaves know the man. It would be just as easy for them to bring him to her villa when discovered. It would give us much needed pause to reacquaint ourselves. Well, it would be ungrateful to refuse such kind offering. Your villa, then. My husband will be most pleased to receive you. What good fortune to run into you... The last time I was graced with Gaia's presence was at some sober, airless affair, hosted by... - Oh, what was the man's name? - Atticus. Atticus! Yes! Desiccated specimen. I fear without Gaia's charms, pronounced boredom would have carried me to the afterlife that very night. Oh, my husband returns. Fetch more wine. Lucretia, apologies. I did not realise we were to entertain. An unexpected pleasure, chanced upon in the city. Quintilius Varis, an old friend from Rome. The name is not unfamiliar. You honour us with your presence. The honour is mine, to fall upon such warm hospitality. Forgive unsightly countenance. A mount, long trusted, threw me from purchase. One must be cautious when dealing with such animals. Yeah, a lesson painfully learned. What finds you so far from Rome? Games of the Vinalia. You come to choose men? I have many fine offerings. Gannicus, in particular... Apologies... You are a lanista? He has already set purpose towards Vettius' men. Well, fill cup and strike ill-spoken words from mind. Thing of no concern. Vettius will see you well attended. At considerable savings. Do I appear so light of purse, to require such? You have never been so taken with the games. I only assumed you would not waste excessive coin towards them. True, yet the gods must be properly honoured. And Vettius remains annoyingly absent. Your men, how stand they in comparison to the boy's? Well, I would not speak ill of a brother lanista. You are too modest. Vettius offers shit. I was told by good Tullius that his stable is well stocked. The boy chooses gladiators as carelessly as his wine. High quantity, of the lowest quality. Come, let us sample a finer vintage. Please. Doctore! Gladiators, form up! Present yourselves! Batiatus, Batiatus, Batiatus! Did I not tell you? The finest gladiators in all of Capua. A demonstration, perhaps? Of course. Gannicus, step forward. Behold. My finest champion. No man stands his equal. And who would you have face this god of the arena? Barca, perhaps, or Oenomaus, who fought so bravely... How about the Gaul? Who would not marvel at seeing such a creature locked in mortal embrace? Crixus? Apologies, the man does not yet bear the Mark of the Brotherhood. Yet he is presented. I fear such a match would be overly brief. A blessing, considering the heat. Well, let us move to it, then. Crixus! Step forward! A fucking jest. The House of Batiatus is humbled by the attentions of Quintilius Varis. Let us show him they are not unwarranted! Apologies, are they to use those little wooden sticks? Well, it is the tradition, when blood is not the purpose. So they are to fight as children, not men? Why, I would not see you to such an impression. Doctore! Have wood give way to steel. Gladius! The gods have heard you. They present opportunity to become champion. Begin! Oenomaus has trained you well. Yet you are a pale imitation of the man. You lie! I did no such thing! A fine attempt. Has there ever before been such a demonstration? What say you, good Varis? Should the Gaul live or die? Well, Gaia chose the man, let the choice be hers. Let him live. He may yet find his use. What of my man, Gannicus? Did you find him to your liking? The man is weary from his travels. Let us not press him with further business. Come, see yourself inside to sample other indulgences. Some delights from Cyprus, perhaps? - A region I'm most fond of. - As I recall. What the fuck are you doing? What I do best. Varis is a man of particular appetites, which grow strong under influence of wine and opium. See your man Gannicus oiled and scented, to be presented as the hour passes. I risk all to lure Varis to our house, only to find I am no longer the fucking master of it... She knows the man more intimately than we do. We must lend her our trust. Let us pray it is not soiled upon return. See Gannicus prepared and brought up to the villa. And what will be required of him? Whatever I fucking desire. Ashur and Dagan returned absent Indus. Did he not prove himself? He did, and was well rewarded. And the Syrians, are they to be rewarded as well? With the Mark of the Brotherhood. The mark? Without proving themselves in the test? They proved themselves in my test. See it done. - Your father would never approve... - I am not my fucking fatherl A fact well known. See to Gannicus, brand the fucking Syrians, and inform Oenomaus that he is to assume mantle of Doctore. Dominus... You are a relic, as is my father. Shadows from the past, soon to fade from memory. See to Gannicus. See how it caresses the wine. Is there anything so enticing? I have seen its rival. This house indeed offers many pleasures. With more yet to be presented. Pleasing this man must now become your sole fucking purpose. Please him? In what manner? I have had my fill of being questioned by slaves. If Varis wishes you to suck his cock dry, you will savour every drop. Are we of a singular mind? Dominus. In honour of distinguished guest, I present my finest man for your personal viewing. Behold Gannicus, yours to command. You are quite the lanista, Batiatus. I have never been so well plied towards aid of a sale. This is not about business. This is how they live! They grab life and squeeze until the juice flows. How do you always come by such marvellous acquaintance? It is a gift. One among many set before me. Is he not of a form, our champion? I have not seen his like. And more than a few have stood before me. The man stands as a god. The arena, his Olympus. He once thrust a blade so deep into an opponent's breast that tears turned to blood. I am not impressed by inflated tales. My interests are grounded in what I can see, what I can touch. Now, that is impressive. Are you as skilled in its use as you are with a sword? I would have demonstration. The man is yours, we will lend privacy. You mistake intent. No, I have had too much wine and other pleasures for such rough exertion. No, I would prefer a feast of the eyes. Have him fuck this one, and I shall watch. - Apologies... - For what? Is she not a slave? She is, and will do as commanded. Welcome to the fucking Brotherhood. Why are we gathered? The Syrians receive the mark. Absent the test? Wait, are we not to recite the oath? I will not see more shit heaped upon sacred rites! You may bear the mark, but don't ever think yourself a gladiator, you little cunt! Doctore! Do not fucking speak to me in such tone! Apologies... You believe yourself my equal, Oenomaus? No, Doctore. Gladius! Bring fucking swords! Now, let us see if you have learned all I have to teach. Remove her dress. Is that what I taught you, Oenomaus? - Doctore... - How to turn upon heel? Doctore! Doctore, stop! Fight me, you coward! Melitta, I... See it done. Prove yourself worthy, Oenomaus. I taught you well. The man is dead? I did not want it. He forced me to fight. And I do not know the reason for his anger toward me. The reason falls to my own tongue. Earlier I revealed intent of raising you to the position of Doctore. I am not to return to the arena? You are beyond such things now, proven by your training of Crixus. Let us put the past behind us, and look to future glories. My wife. I know it is not our time, but I would ask to see her. I will send her to you when she has finished her duties. Gratitude. Apologies, the demands of a lanista seldom offer respite. Oh, none required. This night has been filled with unexpected joys. You remain in Capua? Until more adventurous opportunities present themselves. I'll take my leave then, with promise of further discourse. Oh, your man, Gannicus. I would see him perform again. In the Primus of my games. And you shall have him. Terms to be discussed. Gratitude for your hospitality. It will not soon be forgotten. Primus! Did I not tell you I knew the man? May the gods strike me for entertaining doubt. You were magnificent! Did I not tell you? You have elevated this house. Yet speak of how we came by such honour, and see Brotherhood shattered and a husband lost. I have done a terrible thing. We do what we must in this house. English - UK 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 