Spartacus: Gods of the Arena: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena 
 s1e4 - Beneath the Mask - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Spartacus: Gods of the Arena (2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Beneath the Mask - full transcript 
 The younger Batiatus is having more than just a bit of difficulty accepting his father's ongoing - and seemingly permanent - presence at home. The patriarch refuses to take on the powerful ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Spartacus.Prequel.E04.720p.x264.Tom.Bom Beneath the Mask - Up on your end. - Back this way. Keep in line. Mommy, help me! Can't catch me. This way. Net and trident? The man appears more common fisherman than gladiator. The style is called retiarius, carried from the outer regions. They should carry it back. I favor the murmillo. The crowd is of the opposite opinion. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Aah! Soon there will be a retiarius in the sands in every game. And the ludus absent them tragically lacking. Very well. Yet place net and trident in the hands of one of our lesser men. Oh! Did I not tell you? Listen to them. A spectacle to be sure. All the more thrilling if viewed from the pulvinus. - Invitation was extended. - And refused? The pulvinus is too far removed. I would witness the games here among the people with son beside me. Your hour is upon you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A fine blade. To be wielded with deadly purpose. Reform my words in manner Dagan understands. You bear the mark of the brotherhood. An honor you have not earned. Your true test awaits you. Live and count yourself among us. Die and prove yourselves as unworthy as I suspect. Dagan says he will honor the House of Batiatus with gifts of blood. As will the mighty Ashur. Then do not die too quickly. Go on, Ashur! Come on. Yes! Yes! Come on! No! Fucking yes! Show them no mercy! Yes! Hasdrubal falls! As all men who face Ashur! The man assumes credit owed his betters. He is but swollen by the moment. Perhaps he will turn greater performance next time. You speak of what may never pass. Now the lesser matches have passed, let us see something of note. Vettius, make presentation. I give the good people of Capua this day my latest acquisition, certain to inflame passion and ignite fear in all who oppose him. From the darkest lands east of the Rhine, behold Caburus Murmillo. The crowd favors Vettius' offering. They greet Gannicus with louder voice, yet he stands removed from the games. Enter Drappes Thraex. Crixus shows promise, yet again the same fate. Our men see victory only to be awarded exclusion. The fruits reaped when you offend a man beyond our station. Begin. I but stood ground to protect our house as any lanista would. Yet ambition beyond the title clouds yourjudgment. We must be humble if I am to repair relations with Tullius and see all our men returned to the sands. Quickly I pray if we are to place our men in the opening games of the new arena. Reaching for such heights is what sent you tumbling from favor. Strike it from your thoughts. Place mind and effort towards more reasonable pursuits. Caburus! Caburus! Perhaps the procuring of a man as worthy as Caburus. Fleeting opportunity to enjoy the old arena and yet we're swept aside, absent even casual regard. I consider it a blessing to be so reprieved from condemning presence. The manner Titus glares at us, it is a shock we do not burst into flame. He is but an old man set upon his ways. He is a gorgon with a cock turning all around him to stone. Titus does not fare well in the dust and the heat. His health will prompt return to the coast of Sicilia very soon. Until such glorious event, I would fade from beneath his oppressive roof. You would leave me? You are with husband. A man who would never see you harmed by whim or circumstance. I stand alone, severed from such protection. A perilous condition that must be attended. You are never alone while I draw breath. Words of much comfort. Though a husband with heavy purse would be more so. Then we must find one suitable to cause. A possibility presents itself in most pleasing form. You know the man? I've seen him about in Rome absent encumbrance of a wife. Well, how fortunate that we should come upon him at this time and place. In desperate times fortune must give way to more assertive hands. Petronius. Would the gods have me so blessed? Gaia. We were introduced at one of Varus's affairs. Oh yes. - Yes yes, of course. Apologies. - None required. Seeing you so unexpected has lifted questionable spirits. Oh. - Lucretia can attest... - You're Lucretia? Wife to the lanista Batiatus? I do call him husband, yes. I have heard your house spoken of and the, um, pleasures contained within. Barca has lost form since Auctus fell. His cock will find another hole to fuck. Ah, we return anointed in the blood of our enemies. Hasdrubal and Kleitos met their end. The first of many to fall beneath our swords in the arena. See yourselves to the baths. Gannicus. Pair with Rhaskos. To what end? If I am not to fight in the arena I'll remain here in the shade. Doctore. Send the man up. I would have words. Magnetius. One of the finest champions this house has ever forged. He stood a titan. As all my champions. The culmination of years of training, dedication, sacrifice. You would hold yourself their equal? In the arena I am every man's equal. Hmm. The champion is more than his victories upon the sands. He is the sum of his actions. Every decision, no matter how small, speaks to the man in the balance of his heart. In his breast beats the heart of a lion. And what does it beat for? The House of Batiatus. Return him to the ludus. See? The man fights for the honor of this house as all your champions have in the past. Gannicus speaks but words he knows I seek to hear. He is no champion of my house. I stand before Petronius with obvious charms and all he can do is prattle about the House of Batiatus. I fear I've lost delicate touch. Your touch is many things, delicate not among them. You're of a mood. If word of what we have offered has spread to Petronius, how long before it lights on Titus' ear? Perhaps it should. The shock would no doubt end the old goat. You jest while all around us threatens to fucking crumble. The only threat is of you and Quintus becoming favored among the elite. As a whore is favored by the man atop her. It is not as if all of Rome knows. Only the most privileged tongues whisper of the delights offered within these walls. Delights Petronius and his friends long to witness for themselves. To even consider it is beyond reason. If Titus were to... What joys does my father prevent now? None of note. We came across Petronius in the market. You are familiar with the name? As any man with their mind towards business and the procuring of it. He is familiar with yours as well and spoke with great interest of sampling of your more exotic offerings with acquaintances of equal position. And how did good Petronius come to hear of such things? Varus and Cossutius. Their tongues are looser than their cocks. Petronius departs for Rome the day after next. Decision must be given quick birth or see opportunity aborted. With the support of Petronius we may yet find position in the opening games of the new arena. - Quintus, your father... - Make the arrangements. I'll attend to my father. Melitta. A word. I have none to give. It is a matter of some importance. A moment. You avoid my gaze. As you should mine lest suspicions be aroused. Should they not also be aroused if two friends are no longer seen to speak? What happened between us... Was not of our choosing. We must turn it from thought and never give it voice. My tongue, it bends to such warning. Yet the thought of you, it proves troublesome. The memory will fade with time, as do all things born of misfortune. We were as brothers once but no more. The men no longer accept me as a gladiator and do not yet give respect as doctore. Even Gannicus refuses to heed my instruction. Gannicus heeds nothing but his own desires beyond all reason. You must teach him that you alone are in command. And by firm hand erase all doubts. Show them all the man that I've given my heart to. Gnaeus. Your mastery of the sword falls to question. The net and trident are your weapons now. A fucking net, Oenomaus? You will do as commanded absent complaint or see flesh stripped from bone. Yes, Doctore. Return to training. You speak as Jupiter hurling bolts from the heavens. Raised there by words and touch of loving wife. Now pair with Barca and remain far from the shade. Barca. Bring fucking spear to purpose. Again. Your man shows fire today. Ignited by your words I'm sure. - Honeyed wine, quickly. - I'm fine. Sound and pallor threaten disagreement. You are too long from the salt air of the coast. And shall remain from Sicilia longer still. - Do not waste breath on the matter. - I would not see you so far removed. But a day or more by the waters of Neapolis? - Oh. - Yes, to revive color. My concern lies only with this ludus and seeing it to former glories. Well, then let ourjourney serve dual cause. We can review the latest shipment of slaves with mind towards procuring a champion favored by us both. Someone to rival Vettius' new man. Drink. You conspire against an old man. To your advantage. Make preparation. We leave for Neapolis. See to my father. He is attended to as promised. Have Gaia send word to Petronius. You entertain tonight. If he and his circle overreach? The appetites of men are not easily set aside by the words of a woman. We'll send message to Solonius. He can stand in my place, speak for the house if so needed. - Quintus. - The risk outweighs concern. See to Petronius and his guests. And with their satisfaction our position in the opening games is secured. Snare any fish today in your little net? Reward for victory in the arena. Continue and see more weigh palm. Dagan questions receiving the greater sum. We stood equally upon the sands. Tell him he receives twice the coin because you are half the man. I am a gladiator as he is. If we did not need you to exchange our words for his, you would never have been given chance to take up sword. Bread for your pets. Doiros was the brother I held closest to me. He was a fierce warrior, as was my father and all before us. I would sit at their feet and listen to their many stories of battle, longing for the day when I could pick up arms and stand beside them in glory. My father, my brothers, Doiros... I watched as they all fell beneath the spears of the Arverni. My hand yet too small to pick up sword, I was forced to serve, to bow and scrape. First of all to the shits who took my family and then to the Romans they sold me to. Not a day passes where I do not dream of honoring the dead, of proving myself worthy to them in blood and victory. Auctus is the first life I've ever taken in battle. He will not be forgotten. They were Auctus' pets. I never favored them. Now they are all that's left. Line 'em up. Make 'em stand up straight. What of this one? See how his form is carved with each muscle building on to the next? A worthy addition to any ludus. A fine offering, is he not? I would not waste coin. The man favors his left revealing injury to the leg. Unsuitable for men of discerning eye. Let us turn to something of rarer quality. I have a Thracian of the Maedi tribe, the likes of which you have... Thracians are too difficult to control and aggravate the Gauls beyond reason. My son speaks truth. You offer us piss and claim it wine. You'll find none better in Neapolis. I would hope your city's drink holds higher standard. Come, let us seek libation to wash the taste of shit from mouth. - Diona. - It does not hurt. Wait. We haven't spoken or laughed as we usually do. I have no time for childish things. Domina wishes me bathed for tonight. Take this to Oenomaus. These men are to be brought to the villa - properly oiled and scented. - Yes, Domina. There is much I will need attended to tonight. I would have you by my side, not be dislodged by any request. Gratitude. There is one thing that I would ask you in return. It is well known that your husband's allegiance lies with Titus. Sway him to keep what we do here confined to shadow, or I fear that other secrets will find their way into the light. Am I understood? Yes, Domina. See it done. Venus blushes in her garden, shamed by such beauty. Would that she stood in my place and I among the roots and leaves. These hands were not meant for common earth. They have held me close as dearest friend, as sister. Tonight mine shall return favor and aid yours in seizing position so richly deserved. Oh. Solonius arrives. Let us greet him and forge memory of a night not soon forgotten. The man is no Gannicus, yet he surpasses in enthusiasm. They are well received. As are all things born of base desire. Apologies. We ask too much of you in this. But your presence is of great comfort. Situation forces us all to actions otherwise never considered. Blame lies in the Fates absolving weighted heart. See this to the pantry and remain there until I call upon you after all have left. We dishonor this house. We but do as commanded. Cause does not alter result. No, yet me must move beyond it or be driven to madness. The man fucks as a bull horns to purpose. Gratitude for gracing the House of Batiatus with esteemed presence, one which my husband regrets he cannot share due to pressing business. Oh, I had not noticed his absence. What you have seen is but a taste of the pleasures afforded you beneath humble roof. Our gladiators, our slaves, everything within these walls I place at the whims of your desire. For a single night you are the masters of this house. An enticing offer. One I would see to full advantage. Tullius. I have never cared for surprises. And you have provided many in your day. Your disappointment has often been given a voice. A loud and clear one. Disappointment can only exist upon expectation. You proved from tender age that you would listen to no one's counsel save your own. When did I ever turn from iron advice? A desire to gain military experience raised your objection, I turned from it. You commanded that I run the ludus in your absence, I obeyed abandoning my own desires long since forgotten. When has son even denied the father? When he married a woman beneath him. You were wrong about her as you have been of many things. An old man's mistakes swell in the breast as remaining days shrink. You will outlive us all. You're too stubborn to die. Do you think me a fool, Quintus? There are many words I would use towards your description, fool lives not amongst them. No it's not. You knew those slaves were shit before we ever set foot to path. Purchase of men was not the reason you parted me from the ludus, was it? You wish to find common ground far from the site of former disagreements. My deception meant only to strengthen the bond between father and son. This surprise is one most welcome. And long overdue. Yet we did not need to travel so far from comfort. I would return home and continue in warmer surroundings. - What, now? - Yes. Should we not wait until the break of day? A few hours upon the road and our own beds to fall to. Come. Let us put this wretched city behind us and embrace closer future. How does that man find himself here? Petronius or perhaps loose tongue of his confederates. His presence changes nothing. It upends the fucking earth. I will break words and gauge intent. To stand with a smile in our fucking house after the injury put to my husband... Force him from thought or see effort and risk fall short of reward. Petronius and his guests stand erect with expectation. Let us see them to climax. Bring them in. Good Tullius, seeing you here comes as surprise. Surely not to you. I warned you of Batiatus' maneuverings not as invitation, but in hopes you would prevent such foolishness and the retribution to valued friend that it would bring. You warned me to grow favor. Continue speaking and see it wither. You have shared drink, food, distractions of the eye and ear. Yet these are common things enjoyed by men bound by accusing morality of their deeds. I would see you freed from such human constraints. Touch these to flesh. Sever all ties from the mortal world and rise as gods in the House of Batiatus. Oh, Jupiter. Never in our dealings, Tullius, have I been so elevated. This house truly is a marvel. If I am to assume the mantle of a god, I would first prove myself against one. You would challenge Gannicus? A harmless exhibition to measure humble skill against vaunted prowess. I would poison my desires to witness such a thing. Gather the practice swords. Wood? But the clash of steel rings through the halls of Olympus, does it not? Give them your swords. Let us clear space and have contest. See grin removed. You are to indulge him, allow a show of blood. But level no insult nor injury in return. Such action would bear unfortunate consequence. - I am to lose? - And win your life. Come. Let us see if I recall what I learned years ago in service to the Republic. It begins to return to me. I stand unscathed. Perhaps you are not the champion I believed. This goes too far. Tullius! The man gives the missio. The match is yours. God of the arena saved by a woman. See him to the medicus. An excellent diversion. Gratitude for allowing it. Ah, I have delayed proceedings past reason. Come, let us explore what other pleasures may be mined from the House of Batiatus. That fucking animal, to turn simple exhibition to blood. I could have ended the man in half a breath. Yet you allowed him to nearly kill you. I was ordered not to raise hand. Other commands have been more pleasurable. Are you never serious? On occasion. I should return to the villa. You should. Why are you doing this? Because to not would be a lie much deeper than the one we tell Oenomaus. I did not want this. I love that man like a brother. Yet what I feel for you... Tell me it does not stir in your breast as well. What I feel means nothing. It holds the world. What would you do if you were my husband and you learned of such a thing? I would kill us both. You are an imposing brute. Tell me, giant, where do your tastes lie? Toward cock or cunt? Uh, apologies. He does not grasp your language. Are you able to form words so that he may? I serve but to do so. I do not care for struggle nor complaint. Will you submit to all I ask for? - He's agreeable. - Come then. I'll have your ass quickly. He tells me he hopes you're not of a gentle nature. A brute such as this craves rough hands and cock their equal. Then he shall be well satisfied. Come. How does he fare? Painfully, yet he lives. It should not have happened. To be said of many things this night. He does not drink, he does not fuck. - Why does he remain? - The man is a mystery. One I would have forever solved. You could gauge nothing of his intent? He fears your husband attempts maneuver. I believe his presence is meant only to rattle nerves. Tullius will give voice of this until the din reaches Titus's ears. Then we must keep his tongue occupied. You believe your charms will sway him? You know nothing of women, Solonius. And even less of their charms. Oh, I would not ask you to do this. - That is why I offer. - The only reason? The man proves troublesome thorn. Who better to remove it than trusted friend? Gaia... Keep thoughts towards elevating this house. I will see to Tullius. And in the act secure elevation of my own to the benefit of all. The woman thinks highly of herself. An estimation deeply shared. You've become a difficult man to gain private audience with. It was not always so. Much has changed since our youth. Not everything, I hope. I remember a time when it was you who was impossible to trap alone. Every man in Capua was at your feet. Now I would have but one standing beside me. I was saddened to hear of your husband's passing. Were you? Only with thoughts toward you once again with no family to speak of. No one to care for you. It is a difficult thing to find a man of my standing. I always favored this color. I know. The gods smile upon me having had word of this night reach my ears. The fortune is mine. Yet I would have word of it travel no further. You petition this for yourself? Or for the House of Batiatus? Lucretia is as a sister to me. Mmm. I would not see her injured by wagging tongue. You ask much. I offer more. I swear never to speak of what has happened this night... if you would deliver a message to your friend... and her husband. One they would take to heart... ...coming from you. Words have not inflated beyond truth. The offerings of the House of Batiatus are truly to be admired. Well, even more so upon the sands. Imagine the excitement our wares would cause if included in the opening celebration of the new arena. Capua would be blessed by such appearance. I'll send word to your husband to discuss the matter. Oh, I thought this night would never end. It concludes with this house soaring to the heavens upon your wings. A feat aided by your presence. The evening would have gone as well had I never known. Perhaps more so. The hour is late. Take to your bed and carry with you my gratitude. I would linger until all guests have departed. Well, Gaia is a woman of great appetite. Dawn will threaten before she has had her fill. - Lucretia. - Hmm? This house is pale shadow absent your light. See everything restored to proper place. - Nothing must be suspected. - Yes, Domina. I know you feel it's betrayal. But there are times when truth is more hurtful. Titus must never know. Domina. Apollo. God of the sun. And truth. Something often obscured by the masks we wear. Your guests have abandoned you. I thought the toad Solonius would at least remain. The hour is late. He believed you occupied for the night. They say Apollo brings warmth and prosperity to those who would pray to him. Those who understand their place on their knees. Tullius... You know, I often dreamt of Gaia's touch when I was a younger man. The taste of her lips. Now they form words in my ear asking favor for this house placing me in difficult position. Gaia's affections for this house are genuine. As are her feelings for you. Returned in kind. She holds my reply. Go to her and see it delivered. Gaia? Gaia. Have you lost mind? Again attempting to maneuver around Tullius. I only sought to elevate our position. By plunging the good name of this house into muck and shit? What would you have me do? Bow and scrape to the fucking lunatic? He is above our station! I gave warning not to provoke the man. You ignore it and here are the results... a Roman citizen dead in my house. By the hands of the very man you defend. You helped set this in motion and now claim innocence in the outcome? I claim vengeance. His life for hers. Blood and brains on the fucking floor. - Reward well deserved. - No. There will be no retribution. - I will see him dead. - You will do as fucking commanded. And what of Gaia? She partook of too much wine... as she was often known to do. In the night she lost footing and fell to her death at the bottom of the cliff. Do not look to him. I am the dominus of this fucking house. See it done. Quintus. So this is why you spirited me to Neapolis. Not to find common ground but to bury your father. - That was not my intent. - You knew nothing of this? It was all that woman's doing? Huh? The two of you feed off each other, fattening yourselves with lies. Well, I would see the feast at an end. - What is your meaning? - You know my fucking meaning. That ill-bred woman has brought this family nothing but shame. - She is my wife! - Because I foolishly allowed it. I wanted you to have something of your own, something that held meaning to you even if no one else saw it. Yet what has she given you? No dowry to speak of, no name to elevate status, and no heir to carry the name Batiatus. Every choice you make shapes your fate, Quintus. I cannot change missteps of the past, but I will see you on proper path. And Lucretia must be swept from it. You would dissolve my marriage? No, you will make that choice for yourself or be gone from this house with her. Wait! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 