American Grit: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Grit 
 s1e3 - Moving Camp - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Grit (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Moving Camp - full transcript 
 WWE Superstar John Cena and "The Cadre" reveal the next evolution that will test the competitor's resourcefulness and ability to think on their feet, as they are challenged to break down and set up camp. With the teams suffering mentally and physically, the cadre will be forced to strategize how best to lead their teams, because only one team will shine during the evolution and be safe from facing "The Circus". With up to a million dollars of prize money at stake, these competitors will work together with only two options: to persevere and win or give up, "ring out" and go home in. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JOHN: Previously, on "American Grit"... I brought four military heroes together who handpicked their teams of ordinary people. All right, now we're ready to go. These civilians have been put through what we call Evolutions... -There you go. -Every second counts here. JOHN: Challenges based on military training. In the last Evolution, the teams took to the water. -Why are we going in circles? -Pick it up! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 JOHN: On fisherman Clare's prowess, Team Noah took the lead. You need leverage. Figure it out. JOHN: And despite being down a man, Team Tee made it a fight to the finish. TEE: They came in strong. It was a proud mama moment. JOHN: But it was not enough, and Team Noah were once again saved from the Circus. Y'all are making my job so easy. JOHN: Back at base camp, Maria's grit was called into question. Do you want to ring out? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I would rather be home with my kids. JOHN: In the end, Marine daughter Haze, the injured yogi KJoy, and the obstacle course athlete Brooke were put into the Circus. Submerge! Let's go. JOHN: They battled hard to the bitter end before Brooke's chances of winning... -Brooke, no, uh-uh.  JOHN: Collapsed. Tonight...  Step up. Team Tee has a tough battle after losing another teammate. TEE: We are down to just two people. I got to remotivate the rest of my team. JOHN: And with Team Nick suffering physically, and Team Rorke suffering mentally... What's going on down there, what is this? JOHN: Both teams need to find their grit. I want to prove a point to my team that you can't let injuries get in the way of anything. No matter how much pain we're in, we never quit. We're here to win it. RORKE: I can't make a team better than it is, but I can definitely make them perform at their highest ability, and I don't think we've done that. JOHN: Who will be the next contestant to give up, ring out, and go home on "American Grit"? (sobbing) (dramatic percussive music) (man) ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪ ♪ All alone now ♪ ♪ We in the fire ♪ ♪ Gonna burn it down ♪ ♪ Get out alive ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ (dramatic music) ALL: Hey! -KJoy's here! -KJoy! -Hey, welcome back. -I told you. DAVID: Brooke didn't come back from the Circus? Whoa, that's just a huge shock. She was probably one of the strongest women here. DAVID: What was the endurance? It was jumping in ice baths. -That's insane! -Completely submerged. LISA: When I heard that they were jumping into buckets of ice, that freaked me out. That's from Navy Seal training, and I understand why it is that they do it because you have to know how to be a warrior and get through that. I don't know that I can. She never gave up. She hit the floor--thud. LISA: She gave all. -She passed out? -Yeah. -She went down. -Yep. -What? -Not a joke, man. TONY: The thing is, if I was gonna go out, that's the way I'm going out. Wow. TONY: This sucks. We're down two members already. We look like the team that's about to be exterminated. You need to trust me, I need to trust you, because that's all we have now. We can't worry about Brooke anymore. We can't worry about Chris anymore. It's done--now it's just focusing on you and I. IVETTE: Everything I do in my life, people underestimate my strengths. I do modeling, but I grew up on a ranch. My exercise was riding horses and cleaning horse stalls, so I'm a little bit of a tomboy and a little bit of a diva. You know, I'm a tough cookie, and I'm gonna hang in there, and so is--so is Tony. Neither one of us can go to Circus anymore because we can't lose again. Exactly. Hug it out. ♪ ♪ JOHN: Good morning, everybody. ALL: Good morning. JOHN: Brooke's performance in the Circus was nothing short of heroic. She feels great. She's walking with her head high, as she should. She gave all she could. TEE: I'm always gonna be sad when you lose a member of your own team. As heartbreaking as that is, we got to keep moving forward. Just like in the military, sometimes you lose a critical member of your team, but to continue the mission, you got to keep moving forward. JOHN: Right now I'd like to make something crystal clear, and that is remember why you are here-- to be pushed. Do not under any circumstances think that you will not be called on once or multiple times to give the same effort, because you will. If you think your stay in this competition consists of waltzing into these Evolutions and holding grab-ass tournaments back at base camp, do yourself, the teams, and the competition a favor. Back at base camp there's a bell. It is your ticket home. Ring it. Okay, now that's out of the way. Today's Evolution is called Moving Camp. We'll test skills that US military members have had to master: ingenuity and thinking on your feet. You will have to break down every piece of this camp including the base of the tent, which consists of a complex puzzle. Put it in your crate and cross the frigid water to dry land where you will then construct a wheelbarrow from just a few materials. Use it to transport your crate and whatever leftover materials to the new location... and then reset your camp. First team to set up camp exactly how it was wins the Evolution. Win the Evolution, safe from the Circus. Safe from going home. Team Tee, you will only break down a camp built for two competitors. Does this all make sense? ALL: Yes, sir! All righty, Cadre, get with your team and get a game plan. Work as a team. Slow is smooth. -Smooth is fast. -That's it. We need this win more than any. Yes. TEE: Today is do or die. We can't afford to lose another team member. So you're not a strong swimmer. So if you could walk that water-- 'cause we don't know how deep it is... I think Tee's team, they have 50% of the work to do. They're gonna be a threat today. It's not gonna be how fast we get across the lake. It's gonna be solving this puzzle, or if they don't get this puzzle solved, it's over. My first idea was to maybe create a spiral design and then piece it back together. KJoy suggested to do numbers, and I said that's an even better idea. It won't stick. But in the end, they decided that they're gonna do what was easiest for them. But how I really want it to go down is, you get done with your tent first, help the other...  This is what I do, as a light infantry soldier with the 101st, you would break down and set up camp. In training, in combat, this is my game right here. Keep moving, all right, and keep calm. JOHN: All right, Cadre, let's get everybody prepped to the starting line. -Team Nick! -Team Tee! -Noah's Ark! -Ooh, yeah. Three, two, one, go! (horn blares) ♪ ♪ Drag it. -Open it. -Start working together. Let's get 'em open, get 'em open. TEE: All right, get these tents out. Get these off now. Focus and communication is the strategy today. If we can focus, and do it with speed and accuracy, then we should be able to get through this and be number one. Get the poles, get the poles. Damn, Team Tee looking mighty quick. Is quick effective? Methodical-- slow and smooth. Take your time. Be deliberate. RORKE: Being methodical is what's gonna win the day. It's not gonna be raw speed. It's gonna be taking efficiencies, and you move in a way that you're thinking. Hey, you might want to start tasking exactly like Goldie's doing. Start breaking other things down. Come on, throw it in, Lisa, come on. Come on, you're overthinking it. People have started to break down the base of their tents. Get them into the thing. Get them in. MARIA: After I take down the tent, I start writing numbers with mud all over the puzzle because I know the puzzle's gonna be the-- the dealbreaker at the end. Come on, come on, come on. TEE: Taking too long. There we go. Sit on it. JOHN: Tony looks like he's me packing for a road trip. Shove everything in the crate and then hope she closes. RORKE: Using a lot of time up right here. Machine, help him tuck in. We got to get this thing closed so we can move on. RORKE: I'm frustrated because I feel what I'm saying just isn't sustaining once we get into the fight. We got to speed up a bit. This is not uncommon, but in my mind, that's the difference between professionals and civilians. Come on, start talking. We got to get this done. TEE: Let's go, let's go, let's go. -Tony, a side! TEE: Let's go. There we go. JOHN: Tony, Tee, and Ivette are headed towards the water. The team of two is already moving. Troops, we got to accelerate our speed. We got a team that's already gone. TEE: Got to go, got to go, got to go! Sprint. Get out there. Pick up those feet and go! They're not even in the water yet, guys. Come on, hurry up. Part of the case broke. Broken case--there you go, ingenuity. -Pronto. -Okay, are we good? We're good, all right, we're good. When I woke up in the hospital and two of my limbs were gone, I could've easily have stopped right then, but I chose to push on, and that's one thing I tell my team, is to no matter what happens, keep moving forward. You're doing good, Lisa. You're doing good. See, everybody's moving. You're good. Get out there, Tony. Tony's not a strong swimmer. As a Marine, sometimes you get thrown off the deep end, and you got to just adapt and overcome. Let's go. Get out there, Tony. And I got folks in the water. RORKE: Come on, guys, let's go, let's go! -Let's move it! TEE: Let's go, Tony! TONY: I feel my feet touch the ground, and then I started coming up-- I was floating, so I started kicking in front of me. I was like, "Well, this ain't working. "I ain't going nowhere. Now I'm getting tired because I don't swim--I don't know how to conserve energy as a swimmer. (Tony breathing heavily) MARIA: I was trying to help Tony, but it is so cold. I'm from California. I don't do this cold weather (bleep). NICK: Work it, work it, work it. Let's go. Tony and Ivette are about to get some company. NICK: Go, go, go! Come on, KJoy. Tony? Come on, they're coming. (Tony breathing heavily) Grab my hand. Grab my hand. Don't freak out. Come on, Tony. Kick, Tony. Don't freak out. Kick harder! (Tony grunting) -Come on, Tony! -(breathing heavily) -Come on, Tony! I think that you're slowing it down. -Tony, you're not even moving. TEE: Let's go! Even though Tony can't swim, that's a team issue, and unless they come up with a team solution to this problem, Team Tee is all gonna drown. Kick, Tony. Still in this. We're still in it. We're still in it. Walk as far as you can. LISA: It is freezing. I live in Austin, Texas. We don't go traipsing through water that's icy. Stand up! Stand up, come on. TONY: I was extremely happy to have my feet on ground. After this is all said and done, I'm gonna learn how to swim. (grunts) Quickly, we still got a lot of stuff to do! Let's go. Hurry up, hurry up. Let's go, Ivette! TONY: We dragged our cases over and we see the wheelbarrow. I'm looking at all the blocks. I'm like, "Why we have all this stuff?" We don't need all this. All you have to do is make something simple. Here we go. Let's go. They're coming. JOHN: We have Team Tee still in first place... -Pick it up.  JOHN: Team Noah in second. -Let's go! -You got it, you got it! JOHN: Team Nick a close third, and Team Rorke bringing up the rear. Come on, blue! I never give up. That's why people know me as The Machine. I was a fat kid growing up, and I was made fun of. I decided that I wanted to get in shape. That's why I am where I am today. Now it's time to prove to Rorke that I'm the strongest person out here. JOHN: Team Tee with a great start. Trying to keep it going. We can't afford the Circus. Let's go. JOHN: Teams, remember, any materials you don't use to make your wheelbarrows must also be brought to the campsite. Get it together. It's a wheelbarrow. I've been in Boy Scouts for most of my life. I'm very comfortable with knots. Here, you got to tie a clove hitch first. Then use this, and then a clove hitch. NOAH: My team takes their time, which I see as a critical part of this Evolution, to make sure that we don't get ten feet into it, and it collapses. Wrap it around here and around here. What's going on down there? What is this? The wheelbarrow was an equalizer. I mean, unless you were an engineer, you didn't know what you were doing. The fork with these two. Do exactly what Jim is doing. Come on, guys. When you're in the field and you encounter a problem, and someone finds a solution, it's important that person disseminates that information. If everyone has the same knowledge, everyone's able to work together as a team. I would recommend you look at Jim's. You can't leave anything behind. -Yep. -Pick everything up. -What about Machine? -Machine's just trying to figure out where to stick some stuff in. Machine's solution to the problem set was, I'm just gonna take this burden with no function so he starts sticking 2x4s in his life jacket. He's got pants that look absolutely ridiculous. So his problem solving at this point just kind of dipped. Well, we got to get ready to get on the road, or we're gonna be too far behind. JOHN: Look at this. Team Tee leading the wheelbarrow. Nice and steady. JOHN: That wheelbarrow does not look like it's gonna last long. Blue team should be ready to move. (groans) TEE: Get up, Ivette. Get up, Ivette. Team Noah's passing Team Tee right now. TONY: Team Noah passes us. Okay, don't panic. They still got to get four people. -Don't look at them. -I'm not. TONY: I'll take one. We'll go back and get the other one, and then we'll just shift it out there. I'm not leaving my teammate. I'm not leaving her. Slow and steady, steady and slow. -Yep. JOHN: Team Nick right behind. We got ourselves a close race. Guys, we had a complete malfunction. Right here. We're still in this. Okay, we got it. They got it, they got it. Oh, we're right there. -It's right there, y'all. -Let's go. Aah! (grunts) Team Noah up front. No surprise there as they are trying to stay undefeated in Evolutions. Get those cases open! TEE: Let's go, come on. Team Tee very, very close. -Open. -Red team! The finish line's right there. JOHN: Nick motivating his troops to get to that finish line. - All right, let's get to work. RORKE: We need to do one big tie so those cannot come apart. Not only do I need to give guidance on "Hey, here's the big picture"... If we can do that, we can move these things. I actually think I need to get a little bit more in the weeds and say, "This is how you tie a knot." Puzzles can make up a lot of ground. They could be dying on puzzles. We just got to get down there and get in a fight. Yeah, I liked puzzles till I got here. NOAH: My team has proven they're a powerhouse. For the final part of this Evolution, each one of these tents has a different puzzle piece, and that's gonna require a lot of thinking, and that makes me nervous. Remember there was a piece that went lower here because it looked like a place for my kid to sit? You get the base lines, you get the rest of the puzzle. Trying to figure the-- trying to place some pieces. Yep, got one. Ha-ha, you jerk! I got you. All right, Clare, down to Lisa. Ooh, we got a base--a one, ten finish. Maria, I need you to get over here because you remember these pieces. -I did. -Maria, you need to get... over here and do it then. -All right, then-- -Good job, good job, Maria. -Dude, Cameron, you have no idea. (laughs) Drag like you've never dragged before. JOHN: Team Rorke inches closer to setting up camp. I'm good. I got you. Tony has a base figured out. Finally. Ha, is this it? -(frustrated sigh) BOTH: Okay. Start working on your poles. Team Noah, three bases complete. That might not be the two, Maria. -I know. -It doesn't look like it. Maria had a really good strategy numbering all the pieces. We all should've picked up on that, and followed her lead, and I, you know, take the bullet for that one. If we did our numbers, we'd be done by now. Yeah. -Okay, guys. -Blue, we are in this. -We are in this thing. -Hey, you guys start building. -I'll get the lids. -We're in this. Let's not lose it here. No, I don't want to do a puzzle. Who feels like doing a puzzle right now? There you go, cross to C. -There we go. -Oh, God. Come on, baby, start putting them in. Team Tee's got their second base up. If they can get that tent set up correct, they could win the Evolution and be safe from the Circus. We'll get it, we'll get it. NOAH: They have got their last one. Their puzzle is done. We got to get this together. This isn't right... or it might be. It might be. LISA: We got everything up. All we have to do is just get David's puzzle, but it's the mother of all messes. Ah. I'm telling you, this thing is not over, as crazy as it sounds. Maybe just get together and do one. If we get one down, we build on that. Here, try to flip it. Here we go. Tony and Ivette still trying to figure out that tent setup. Come on, guys, we almost got it. JOHN: Team Noah still trying to figure out that one base. Yep, yep. Okay, okay, here we go. Hallelujah--and it's all there! -Slow down, David. -It's all there! Slow down, slow down. I had it all together. JOHN: Team Noah finishes up on that last piece, but it is not over yet. They have one last tent to set up, and Team Tee's also on their last tent. That might be the middle, come on. We need to find this pole, 'cause we find this pole, it's over. Give me a short one. -Here, take that one. -This short one? JOHN: It's Team Tee and Team Noah down to the wire! Safety from the Circus is on the line. Move it, Tony, let's go. That's too high. That's too high. -Team Tee's scrambling. -You missing a pole. Where's the pole? You're missing a pole. Where's the triangle? This didn't have a long pin. JOHN: It is not over yet. It is not over yet. Both teams finishing their tents. Done. Team Noah has won the Evolution... (cheering) (cheering continues) JOHN: Which means they are safe from the Circus. TEE: Right now I'm feeling kind of bummed. Second means nothing. You need to be first. Come on, Machine, bring it in and get warm. Losing isn't something you want to be. On some level, that starts sinking in, and so this round might be-- get a little bit mad. Aww, I love you guys! -Yes! -All right, all right. Team Noah, congratulations. You're one step closer to winning up to $1 million. Team Rorke, Team Tee, Team Nick, you will have to choose which team member must face the Circus, and the Circus does not end until one of you gives up, rings out, goes home. -Man. -Whoo. I am nervous about the Circus 'cause it's unknown. You don't find out until you get there. I'm nervous. I'm not gonna lie. I'm nervous to go to Circus. I'm not trippin' over the Circus, 'cause there's worse. I admire the fact that you are so positive, but not all of us are the same. I don't have patience for negativity. I'm all about positivity, optimism, and success. That's not something to dwell on. That's an opportunity. That's how you look at it, but when she looks at it, she's nervous. She's scared. She don't want to go home. I'm just not afraid of the competitive side. I'm not worried about that. Are you serious? You know what I've gone through? Broken hands, broken legs. Been kicked, bit. My sport includes a wild animal. I mean, he's a bodybuilder. I want to see him try to do what I do. You don't know what real suffering is. I know what suffering is. Losing your family members-- real suffering. -No, it isn't. We've all lost family members. -Welcome to the club. -You're such a-- Losing my father was the worst thing that ever happened to me. I lost my father. Welcome to the club. No, but you're saying it's not a big deal. I'm not asking for people to pat me... -On the back for it. -I'm not asking for that. I can't do this. It's stupid. Okay. You're such an ass. TONY: Let it go, bro. Let it go. No, I'm telling you, let it go. A little compassion goes a long way. Just a little bit. You and Clare are the only people I talk to in here. Right. I don't get close to anybody else. Haze is a really cool girl. I think she's really cute. HAZE: I want another pillow. CAM: She's a lot of fun to talk to. HAZE: Get under these blankets. She's different from other girls back home, and even from other girls in the house. I do enjoy spending time with her. Oh, my God, I could totally fall asleep to this right now. Me and Cam are just very talkative and touchy. I mean, I'm never gonna pass up some hair play. All right. (Haze laughing) Oh, my God. (tense music) ♪ ♪ JOHN: We need to recognize the winners of the Evolution. -Whoo! -Team Noah, congratulations to you guys. Get on your way. -Thank you. -Have fun, guys. MARK: We get a little picnic and we get to go on a hike for winning today, so that was pretty cool to get out of the house finally for a little bit. JOHN: What do you guys think Team Noah is doing right? I feel like they're selecting a leader each time. I feel like they're listening to one person and following through with that. MARIO: They haven't been involved in the--the bickering and the nonsense that's happening in the house, and they were just focused on their game. I mean, I'm used to competing, so I got to leave it all out here. I've done things my entire life. I've been a good runner, a good swimmer, and a cyclist, and my strength is my mind. Your body can take so much, but your mind can literally go as far as you push it. You told me they have great leadership, and you told me that they're focused, so it's time for all of you to step your game up. Keep that in mind. (serene music) ♪ ♪ Whoa, don't be falling off the edge. I just keep going... (laughing) It's a long fall. This is to me, like, the best one so far. Here's cups. Oh, fruit, fruit, fruit! Raspberries. All right, who knows how to make sandwiches? I do. Here's, like, silverware. Oh, pepper jack cheese. I know you haven't seen the Circus or anything, but do you have any advice? -I'm really scared. -Don't overthink it. Just think about something different. -Okay. -Every time I've found myself in a physical spot where it's like, when we were out training or even deployed, I would think, "How much stronger is this making me?" You have to find the happy place. I was in Iraq my first deployment, we were about to go on a patrol and I'm smiling, got all my stuff ready, and one of the guys goes, "Why are you so happy? We live in hell." And I looked at him, I said, "Because most people "go to the movies to experience this. We're living it." You're here to challenge yourself to see what you're made of, and say you're not gonna stop until you break. -I like that. -Okay. Cool, I got one more thing to say. You have beautiful eyes. (laughter) NOAH: Thank you. -Yo! -Rorke! Hey-o, Rorke! RORKE: I'm frustrated at this point. As a Navy man, it's a little bit of a pill to swallow to have lost three in a row to, uh, my Army brother. Yesterday I felt like we forgot how to tie our shoes. Wrap it around here and around here. What's going on down there? -What is this? -Dang it. You're not gonna learn the knots I'm gonna teach you right now right now, but there's no doubt in my mind we're gonna see this again. The first one I want to show you is one of the most simple knots that exists in the world, but I think this would've been great yesterday 'cause it just gives you a quick, functional knot. It's called a taut line. Let's say this is the wood on the opposite side. So if I just bring this thing around-- so I go through that hole I created. I go through again. That goes through here, and it kind of looks like a boa constrictor. Secretly, I'm just really confused. I'm like, "What?" Basically, the rabbit goes up through the hole, it goes around the tree, and you got yourself a knot. Rabbit? Uh? Pull that through and you've got that perfect square. Oh. Boom, I did it... (laughing) Let's talk a little bit about the Circus. This one I am, like, looking at you two. MARC: You know, we're both up for the job. Fair enough. I'd love to be able to tell you I had an easy weak link, an individual to throw into the Circus, but right now, they're all weak links. TEE: This was the same course you did yesterday. -It's so beautiful, but... -It is. I don't want to get back in it, though. In it, though. (laughter) Yeah? I want you all to take your backpacks off. I put something special in each one. Going to the Circus, I wanted to remotivate them, so I have a gift for each of them, and remind them Brooke is gone, but you're still here. That was a special gift from Brooke for you. -That is too sweet. -Oh, look at that. That was her tagline, "Beast Mode Barbie" She reminded me that I'm here to prove a point, and that's what I'm gonna do. Your true reason for being here was not Brooke. It was not Chris. It was to show yourself that you can do this, and then the same thing for you. When we deploy, we keep a picture of a loved one. That way we remember why we do what we do. That's why. I really needed this... to remember why I came here for. My mom, she's been bedridden for over seven years. You know, it's why I came here. This is what it's all about. I'm also glad to have a teammate to help me out. When I deployed, I left my daughter. I was a single mom at the time. It was hard, so you just put everything into that mission, and being able to go home safe. All right, let's march it back home. What do you think about the Circus? It's gonna be a hard one. I swear, I mean, I like Cam and I mean, as an individual you're so strong, you know? -I agree. -Yeah. Maria is pushing for me to go, and it's funny 'cause she pushes for everybody to go in but herself. No doubt he's gonna come back. I bet it's just a weird coincidence. Got it.  I don't want to give up my strongest guy, because I might need him later, and there's no one really weak, but at the same time, I could see Maria going to the Circus, so it's a really tough decision. ALL: Reaper! (dramatic music) Welcome, everyone. The teams here tonight have lost today's Evolution. Each team's Cadre will pick one competitor to participate in tomorrow's Circus, and although Team Tee is down to just two, there are still three teams that are intact. Keep in mind, if you can stay intact, the team can walk home with $1 million. Tonight, we're gonna choose three to face the Circus. One will give up. Ring out, go home. What we don't know is how. The endurance platform-- forever changing. It tests strength, mental toughness, physical well-being, until someone rings out. Rorke, who are you sending to the Circus? Keep in mind you cannot choose the same competitor two weeks in a row. I can't send Haze, and, uh, Goldie's done her work for right now, so I think this one's for my big man, so I'm putting The Machine in. -You got this. -Marc, The Machine... -That's right. -Gonna crush it. JOHN: Rorke has selected you to face the Circus. All right, brother. I'm doing this for my daughter, my family. I got to represent. I always tell them go 120%. I guarantee you I'm gonna give it 120%. Rorke, why Machine? I think he wants to have a solo performance. I think he was a little bit down on this last race. I think he's tired of losing, and I think to give him a shot to control the fate on his own is gonna be nothing but positive coming back. Nick? I can't put KJoy in. She proved herself. Jim has proven enough with the team right now. He's put in a lot of hard work. Maria and Cam, I could send either one of those two in, and they're gonna come out on top. It was a little bit of a toss up. But it's going to be... Cam. -Cam. -All right. You've been chosen to face the Circus. -That's it. -Go on, Cam. NICK: Take it easy. Thank you. -Take it easy. -You bet. Cam, thoughts? I did come here with a lot to prove, uh, to a lot of people back home. Uh, so when it comes to the Circus, I'm gonna take it from dud to stud. (laughter) And I'm gonna show everybody that I am too Cam to give a damn. JOHN: Oh, you. For some reason, man, there's something about you that just makes me smile. -Thank you. -Clearly reminds me of Nick. -Right there, all Nick. -Oh, yeah? (Nick laughing) Nick, anything more to add on why you chose Cam? I look at Cam, he's 21. When I was 21 I was on my second or third deployment. Unstoppable. Like I said, I don't think he's felt pain. He hasn't pushed himself to where-- -21 and bulletproof. -Yeah. 21 and bulletproof, yeah, that's Cam, He's gonna explode on this one. JOHN: We will see tomorrow. Tee, your strategy so far has been send the person I feel who will come back, and for whatever reason, they've both gone home. So, Tee, who do you choose to face the Circus? Right now I got to go with what's best for the team overall. I pick Tony. JOHN: Tony, you've been chosen to face the Circus. TEE: You got this. All day, every day. Tee, what went through your mind choosing Tony? -He's NFL, through and through. -Mm-hmm. He's got what it takes. He's gonna do what it takes. -Tony? -You know what I mean, you got to do what you got to do 'cause I'm out here fighting for my mom. Machine, Tony, Cam, you've all been chosen to face the Circus, and you will do so tomorrow. I wish you all the best of luck. I'd like to catch up with you all individually tomorrow before your run. Please remember, tomorrow, one of you will give up. One of you will ring out. One of you will go home. Head back to base camp. (exciting music) ♪ ♪ I'm scared. I'm nervous, because I need... you to come back. -Right. I'm serious. I'm going all out. I have to 'cause I'm sorry to say this about the Green team, but I got to knock y'all down one. (laughing) Got to get you down one. Well, I'll tell you, I am definitely going to be rooting for you because on that first day on the bridge, when I was a basket case... -That's okay. -You were there for me. So this, um, was the dog tag from my first bodybuilding show. -Okay. -And I came in dead last... but that was okay, because I had lost 50 pounds, and I said to myself, some day I'm gonna win, and I won this year so it's my good luck charm. You can keep it with you. I really appreciate what you did for me. Thanks so much. I am nervous. I hope you know that. -You don't look nervous. -Okay, good. This is the biggest opportunity of your life. That's--that's 110% true. My journey from when I saw John Cena wrestle for the first time, to now performing in front of John Cena-- He is your audience. He is. -You're on stage. -Mm-hmm. -He's watching you. -I know. My kids wrote me some letters. My daughter wrote, "Since you are gone "for this long, you better kick some butt, "and try your best not to get hurt or killed... (laughter) But still go 120." I'm excited to be able to demonstrate everything I tell to my kids. Always give it 120%. Is anyone in this world gonna take that victory away from you? -No. -Absolutely not. -Uh-uh. -No. Especially not one of those guys. Nope. These two guys at first glance might underestimate me, but I think when it comes time for Circus, um, they're not looking at the boy who doesn't belong. They're gonna be looking at the man who's gonna knock them on their ass and make them ring that bell. So I get to spend a little time with The Machine. Yes, you do. And facing the Circus, have you scoped your competition? What do you feel about those guys? Well, Tony, he's the one guy I look up to most in the house. -Why's that? -'Cause he did something I always wanted to do as a kid. He played in the NFL. I wasn't good enough, so for me this is an opportunity to go up against someone who did something I could never do. And--and best him? I don't look ahead and say I'm gonna win. I'm not gonna do that because I've lost in life, but I'm gonna do everything within my ability to make sure that doesn't happen today. You say you've lost in life? You know, I've had setbacks. I've had family tragedies. I've had marital issues. At the end of the day, you work through them. -Mm-hmm. -And you persevere. Well said. I wish you the best of luck, okay. Appreciate it, brother. JOHN: Marc has a hardened exterior, and I think he is in the beginning process of peeling that back and revealing the human being that is Marc. When I look at someone called "The Machine," I can't help but jump to a stereotype, and when he proves me wrong on that, it makes me feel good that he's here. You coming back to us tonight? -That's the plan. -Absolutely. That's the plan, girl. -Bring it home. -I will. JOHN: First of all, why-- why pro wrestling? Um, you know, it's funny. There was a Raw and my dad took my brother and I, and, uh, you were in the main event against Edge. Son of a bitch. And I think, like, ever since then I said to myself, like, you know, I want to be a pro wrestler. I want to be a WWE superstar one day. I'm not gonna ask you who you were cheering for that night, and please don't tell me, even if you're lying... but, uh, why are you here? I think I have a lot, you know, to prove. What about today? What do you feel about today? I'm scared, you know. I'm with a few grown-ass men so it's time for me to step up. (chuckles) Don't go home today. -Definitely not. -All right. The other two guys, if they win, they can help support other people. Cam will be able to support chasing his dream. From a guy like me, that's really important, but Cam has the least to lose. That doesn't mean he has the least to fight for. -You all right? -I'm all right. -You all right? -I'm good, yeah. -I know you are. -He's awesome. Look at him, he looks good, -Yeah. -Feels good. JOHN: Touchdown Tony. We all have inspiration. You had mentioned that you draw a lot from your mom. She worked as a nurse for 37 years, and then she was paralyzed, so all the money I had as an NFL player, CFL player, I was using it trying to make sure she had that opportunity to walk again and she didn't, and that was it, and that's fine. You know what I mean, she, uh, she lived with it and I had to live with it too. What would surviving this competition mean to you? Like, just to prove to my mom, like, you gave everything you got, so did I. JOHN: Knowing that he will go to great odds for his family, I'm sure when faced with the Circus itself, he is gonna find the ability to dig deep. When you're fighting for more than yourself, you tend to push beyond your limits. (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Hello, everybody. Welcome to the Circus, a beautiful, intimidating monster. Tony, you, Cam and Machine will face the Circus. For one of you, the jeopardy of your team dwindling down to one hangs in the balance. Gentlemen, this is not just a circus for you. This is a proving ground. Step up. Which leads me to today's endurance test. It is called "Post Up," and it goes like this. When you arrive on that endurance platform, you'll see a succession of posts from smaller to taller, from wide to narrow. You will start on the first post standing, and in 15 minutes, you will be asked to do what I've constantly asked you to do. Step up. But you will step up to a taller, more narrow post. 15 minutes after that, you'll do the same again. The first competitor to fall, to abandon their post, must ring out, and when you ring out, your journey on "American Grit" is over. Is that clear? ALL: Yes, sir. Now for the advantages. If you are last to the platform, there is no advantage. Stand on a post, and we start that clock. Five minutes after that, the competitor that arrives second stands on their first post. Five minutes after that, the competitor that arrives first stands on their post. It's time to make your way to the starting line. -Let's go, Machine! -Let's go, Tony. -Go, Cam! - Go, Cameron. Cam has a really good combination of speed, youth, and strength. If I can just get Cam to bust his ass on this obstacle course, there's no way anyone can beat him. That ten-minute advantage is huge. -Machine! -Whoo! RORKE: Machine needs this Circus. He needs to go in there to kind of fight in an individual arena and prove his medal to come back to us as a strong team competitor. Let's go, Tony! We got two remaining members. We have to make it through. I'm hoping that picture of Tony's mom that I gave him as a reminder of why he's here, would actually help today. JOHN: Turn around and look at that bell. Do not ring that bell. Three, two, one... (air horn blows) -Whoo! -You got this! -Go, Tony! -Cam! -You've got this! -Tony, go, Tony! -You got this, Cam! -Get in your zone! -Get in your zone, baby! -You got this! All right, Cam! -You got it! -Come on! -Come on, Tony! -Focus, Tony! JOHN: I figured Cam would jump up to an early lead, and he has. That's right, Tony! Let's go! Come on, Machine! Let's get up there! JOHN: Machine fighting with something to prove. -Tony, the same. -Come on, Tony! JOHN: Tony gaining on him. Usually the person that gets up and over first is the person to come to the finish line first. Come on, Machine, let's get over! -Cam up and over first. -Come on, Cam! Stuck in the net. He's stuck in the net. Go, Cam, go! JOHN: Cam up and over first. -Go, Cam! -Stuck in the net. -He's stuck in the net. -Come on, Cam. Go, Cam, go! Go, Cam, go! -(grunting) -Come on, Cam. JOHN: Tony off the obstacle first. How about that? Let's go, Tony! -Come on, Machine! -Machine struggling. Let's get in it! -Easy day. -There you go, Cam. On your game. On your game, Cam. -You got it! -Neck and neck right now on the second obstacle. Tony, get in your zone! -Tony! -You got it, Machine! JOHN: Machine finally off the net. On to the second obstacle. NICK: Hey, don't-- -Don't burn your legs out. -Okay. Use those legs. Stand up. TEE: Your limbs too tall. You too tall not to use those limbs. Tony's halfway up the ladder. I see you, Tony, I see you! JOHN: Cam's on his trail. It is neck and neck. This is so far the closest obstacle challenge we've had. -Go, Cam! -Let's go, Cam. Honestly, it's neck and neck up there. -Let's go, Cam. -That's still the record. JOHN: Tony on beam. Cam is gonna be right behind him. Cam on the beam, and it's looking pretty slick. -Whoo! -Come on, Cam! -Whoo-hoo! -Look at him. -So cute. -So cute. -Let's go, Machine! -I'll see you down there, Machine, good job. JOHN: Cam trying to figure the net out. Tony smoking his way across the Burma bridge. Touchdown Tony's cruising on this one. I figured Cam's youth would work to his advantage here. I've been proven wrong already. (grunting) Cam almost diving down that last crawl. So we have the first sign of Tony. We do. He's the first one. -Whoo! -Tony! I'm so proud of you, baby! You got this! Certainly with something to prove, and trying to keep his team intact. Look at this. He's giving it all he's got. Just don't hurt yourself, please. First to the endurance platform is Tony! Whoo-hoo! So proud of you, Tony! JOHN: And will receive a huge ten-minute advantage in the endurance test. -Come here, Tony. -That's my team! That's my team right there. Get in the zone. My plan was to make sure I get first because I want to keep off that peg as long as possible. I wanted to be the last one stepping on, at all costs. -Roll it. -Okay. -Roll it. -Look at him go! -Look at this kid. -Watch out! -Easy. -Cam, Cam! -Good job. -Cam, Cam, Cam. Second to the endurance platform is Cam with a big, five-minute advantage in the endurance test. All right, Machine! JOHN: Here comes The Machine looking totally exhausted. (bleep) God. (Machine grunting) -Focus. -Take a breath, Machine. -Take a breath. -Good job, Marc. JOHN: Machine is third and final to reach the endurance platform. Remove your tethers and we'll get the endurance test started. Machine, up and ready? Start the clock. 15 minutes on the first peg. I'll be keeping time. Cam, you'll jump up on my mark, and then later, Tony. Yeah, it's hard. Just catch your wind. Keep your focus. CAM: My hands are frozen. Should go under your armpits. You can do it again, Machine. JOHN: The freezing temperature, certainly, and the shakes is not good when you have to balance. Five minutes has elapsed. Cam, your advantage is over. Step up. Ten minutes has elapsed. Tony, your advantage is done. Step up. All three competitors are on the platform. Five minutes from now, you will all step up to the next peg. Today is your day. Competitors, prepare to step up. Step up. All right, very deliberate. Yep, get solid and make a transition up. -Come on, Machine. -There you go. -Good job, Machine. -Great job. -Keep it, keep it. -Great job. JOHN: Looks like everybody's made it. You will have 15 minutes in this position. JOHN: Machine is a little wobbly in the early stages of this. I'm looking at Tony's feet. There he goes. Tony's wobbling, Machine. -You got this. -Shots fired. No you're not, baby, no you're not. You're good. ♪ ♪ Cam seemed pretty cold before he started. I honestly think the cold is gonna be the deciding factor. (coughing) (whispering) You got this. I promise. You're kicking ass, Machine. It is time to step up to the next obstacle. Three, two, one. Step up. -Oh! -Let's go, Cam. Come on, Tony! You got this, Tony! -Cam! Cam! -Come on, Machine. Tony! Machine, no! Come on, come on, here we go. -Tony! -(coughing) -Go, Cam! -Come on, man. Come on, come on, come on. -Yeah, Cam! -Whoo! That's it, Tony. Yeah, Cam! Come on, baby. -Come on. -I'm coming home. JOHN: Touchdown Tony with it all on the line, proves true. Come here, guys, come here. Listen, can you feel something? -Love you, Marc. -You're gonna kick ass. Tony, Cam, you survived the Circus. -Green team! -Green team, green team! I'm telling you, you've been an engine for us, brother. -You have. -Appreciate it. It was why I picked you. Machine is going home now, and I'm sad to see him go. There may be a benefit, though, that our team will see there are consequences to losing that Evolution. -Machine, be proud, brother. -That was me. JOHN: Marc, you must ring out. Proudly. Bring it home, Rorke. (bell ringing) MARC: Losing today sucked. I need that money, but I set forth what I wanted to do, and that showed that I can compete with the best of them. I'm proud. I gave it all I got. ALL: Ooh, yeah! You don't know what the Circus is gonna bring. For me to step onto a three-inch post, is essentially like putting a bowling ball on a golf tee. -JOHN: Next time...  -Do you want to tell Team Noah about the Circus today? No, we shouldn't. JOHN: Team Noah's winning streak has begun to divide the house. KJOY: It's really important that Team Noah does not win the Evolution. It's time to start playing dirty. JOHN: Meanwhile, Team Nick have begun to divide themselves. I've never had to deal with negative energy that was actually sleeping next to me. JOHN: Who will be the next contestant to give up... -She's going for it! -Go for it! JOHN: Ring out, and go home on "American Grit"? We got ourselves a race! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 