American Grit: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Grit 
 s1e5 - Double Time - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Grit (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Double Time - full transcript 
 WWE Superstar John Cena and "The Cadre" reveal the next evolution that will test the competitor's survival skills, decision making and, their ability to work individually and as a team as they are challenged to build shelter, purify water and build a fire. The cadre will be forced to strategize how best to lead their team, because only one team will shine during the evolution and be safe from facing "The Circus". With up to a million dollars of prize money at stake, these competitors will work together with only two options: to persevere and win or give up, "ring out" and go home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JOHN: Previously on "American Grit"... - Go! - Let's go. JOHN: In the last Evolution, the teams, led by our four military heroes, had their powers of observation tested. Let's go, Tony and Ivette. JOHN: Tee put all of her faith in her two remaining team members and they gave it their best shot. Come on, baby. TEE: Right now we need this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 In this game, second means nothing. JOHN: But Team Noah could not be stopped. Well-oiled machine indeed. JOHN: And they made Noah proud with a win for the fourth time in a row. Yeah! (cheering) - Team Noah again! JOHN: Back at base camp, frustrations mounted and the other teams turned on Team Noah. They're hanging out in a hot tub. It's time to start playing dirty. JOHN: While Maria's constant conflict started to wear on her team. She faced the Circus against Marine daughter Haze, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and equestrian Ivette, who were determined to hold on. Hug it like you're hugging your kids. In the end, Maria lost her grip on the $250,000 prize. There we have it. Tonight, will Team Noah be able to keep their winning streak going? ♪ ♪ NOAH: Team Noah's going strong. We're on top. The other teams have a lot to worry about. And we're off. And how can the rest of the teams deal with such a dominant force? TEE: There are just two people left remaining on your team. Your back is against the wall. This is where you prove that you have American grit. NICK: I'm sick and tired of losing. I told my team that you're not coming back unless you either have a win or in a body bag. JOHN: Who will be the next contestant to give up, ring out-- (bell rings) And go home on "American Grit"? (dramatic percussive music) MAN: ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪ All alone now ♪ We in the fire ♪ Gonna burn it down ♪ Get out alive ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ KJOY: Do you guys feel stronger or weaker without Maria? We'll find out tomorrow, I think. GOLDIE: That was a very mature answer, Cam. I'm proud of you. We don't need that (bleep)-- I'm just kidding. You know, you never want to lose a teammate, but we all kind of looked at each other and said, "We're okay with this." You will be surprised how closer your team gets when you start losing members. I believe we will. We're KJoy's boy toys now. Yeah! I love me some of my boys. ♪ ♪ JOHN: Competitors, it's another brisk and beautiful day in the Pacific Northwest. Evolution day. I already told you guys, I'm fired up. Survival is the key to today's Evolution. We are fortunate enough to be in great company of our cadre, but also fortunate enough to actually be standing on a survival skill training ground for US troops during World War II, and it is here that we will prove whose team survival skills are the best. On the sound of the horn, you guys will race to get materials to build shelter. Come back here and build shelter. Then you will race to get materials to purify water. Then you'll come back and purify water. Then you'll race to find materials to make a fire, and come back and build fire. Sounds simple, right? We thought so too, so here comes the curveball. On your journey, there are some materials that you can choose that are closer. But they make the task harder to complete once you get back here. There's also the choice of going the longer distance, and it will make that task a whole lot easier. You won't know just how easy the farther task will be or how hard the closer task will be, so it's up to you to weigh your options and make that call in the moment. The team who builds shelter, purifies water, makes fire first, wins the Evolution. Oh, one more thing. So a lot of times in the US military, you're not allowed to pick your own job. That's the same case here. Each of you has been randomly selected for a task. The team can give advice, but only the person chosen for the job can do the job. Cadre, it is now time to get with your teams and form a game plan. What do you guys think about going the longer route? Look, Team Noah has won four Evolutions in a row. Enough. It's time for someone to knock him down. We've done really well with taking the time and making it work for us. The rest of the competitors here would love to see us fail, but we've got two people that live in the outdoors. This could be a really good Evolution for us. We know what our legs bring to the table. - Well, our speed is-- - So we got to bring that speed. Is our advantage. Today's Evolution is gonna be a lot of endurance, so today I'ma need Ivette to kind of keep the pace and push Tony to his limits. Going the furthest route's the best way to go first. CAM: I agree. We've been coming in second place too long now, and I think the reason why we were in second place most of the time is because we had Maria. ALL: Reaper! All righty, this Evolution will not only test your strength and endurance. It will test your decision making and your ability to work as an individual as well as part of a team. Three, two, one, go. (air horn blares) WOMAN: Go, go, go. MAN: Get it. Get it. - Come on, Lisa. - Watch your step. WOMAN: Don't mind them. WOMAN: Let's go. Pick it up. - Let's go, Red. - Good job, Goldie. HAZE: Come on, girl. JOHN: The teams must run a quarter of a mile to a fork in the trail. Here, they may choose a route on the left for a further, easier task or a route on the right for a closer, harder task. Come on, come on, come on, come on. This is further. JOHN: All teams are headed to the furthest shelter. Each competitor has been allocated a job. Come on, Lisa. JOHN: Remember, only the competitor chosen for the job can do that job. CAM: Right here, K, come on. Come on, K. Grab the end, let's go. CLARE: It was quite crowded when we got there. I just really want us to grab and go. Let's go. Let's go. Bring it back. Tony! TONY: Right behind you. Everybody chose the same strategy. Catch her. Right there. Right there. Come on, Lisa. Come on. JOHN: The teams are close to base camp but it's Team Tee arriving first. TEE: Let's go. Pick it up, Ivette. JOHN: Each team can use two competitors to construct the shelter. After that, it will be one team member per task. Let's go. Get over here, so--let's go. And let's start building. Open. Good job. Good job. Let's build right here. JOHN: Here come the rest of them. Bringing up the rear, Team Nick. Everybody arriving with shelter. Let's get started. Let's get started. Come on, KJoy, let's go. We need three stakes, one tent pole, one guideline, one mallet. We got the stakes. Let's start putting the stakes in the ground. We know the stakes are gonna be in a triangle. We put the tent pole in first. Then we put the stake down here. Let's stand this up in the middle so we know how hard to pull it. Get it in, Tony. Do the triangle pole. - Right here. - See that? - See that mid-piece? - Look at this. Team Nick closing the gap. Seems to be some construction going on here in Camp Tee. - Put that there. - Put it in in here? - Is that good? - Are we good? JOHN: Team Nick, you are good to go. Let's go. Let's pick it up. Team Nick, they've made shelter. They're off to get water. KJOY: Nice job, Jim. CAM: Go, go, go. NICK: Come on, guys. Suck it up. You know how bad we need it. I told my guys to go long on the water. It's a risk but we are ahead right now, and even if the other teams do catch up, our task should be a bit easier. Yeah, that's just where you need to be. You-- You good? Lot of confusion going on. You're not supposed to be through there. There's no way that's where that's going. Yeah. JOHN: Team Tee's shelter's looking good. - You're good to go, guys. - We good. Let's go. - Go go go go go go go. - Run. Team Tee second out. TEE: Pick it up. Pick it up. CAM: We going left? Jim? - Left? - Yeah. Long strides. JOHN: You got the advantage, you're still taking the longer path. - Still taking long. - Cam's carrying the water back. Get it started. JOHN: Team Rorke's shelter is complete. Good, let's go. Let's go. Go, go. Go, go, go, go. - We can go. - Go, go, go, go, go. Team Noah's out. And in last place. We haven't said that too often. IVETTE: Pick it up, Tony. Pick it up. Easier, easier. We're going to the right. Going to the right. - No, we-- - We're going to get short. We're going short so hopefully we can gain some time on the next one. Go, go, go, go, go. Come on, Goldie. RORKE: I've asked Goldie to go long on water. My gut tells me that will pay dividends. HAZE: We get to the fork in the road. It's Goldie's mission. I turn to her and say, "Goldie, short or long?" And she says, "Short." Come on, come on. Accelerate through the turn. ♪ ♪ "You will need the following items: "five gallons dirty drinking water, "one quart container, "and a handful of sand "and a handful of pebbles, handful of charcoal." Use your sock. - Okay. - Take off your sock. Come on, Goldie. Charcoal-- pour 'em out! - Come on, quick. - Okay. - Charcoal. - We come up to this water, and it's a five-gallon jug, a sign that says you've got to take off your dirty sock and stuff it full of rocks. Just a handful. All you need is a handful. And it just-- it looks miserable. Long strides. Stretch it out. We win. CAM: Running to the water the long way, it was a really far distance. Come on, guys. And I know KJoy was struggling and I kind of said to myself, "Uh-oh, did we make the right choice?" - Go. - Let's go. Look, it says charcoal. Sand, pebbles. DAVID: It's a bit of a hustle and bustle going on. Everyone's trying to figure out what they need to do, and Mark gets going on what he needs to do. Grab that water and get out of there. DAVID: I am so thrilled that we have the strength of Mark the ox to carry that five-gallon water jug back to base camp. (panting) Come on, Goldie. It won't last forever. Come on, use that handle. HAZE: There you go. - Good. IVETTE: Come on, Tony. Tony, come on. Tony, come on. A five gallon water jug is really heavy, and it is very hard-- it's very hard to not be able to help. Hold it behind your back. Try this here. Keep your chest up. Yep, two hands. Good, pick your chest up. Good. HAZE: Goldie's losing steam, and she's just falling behind and it's starting to become just a shuffle rather than a run. Come on, Blue. Come on. Hey, no, no, no, no. Come on, let's just keep moving. - It's not that easy. - Just keep inching forward. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ JOHN: Today's fire-water-shelter Evolution is in full swing. After completing the shelter task, all teams are en route back to base camp to purify water. Team Nick were the only team to go long with their easier water task. ♪ ♪ Goldie from Team Rorke was allocated the water task and is struggling. Keep moving. Let's keep moving. Inching forward. Inching forward. Good. HAZE: Okay, we need to push ourselves and we're pushing ourselves. GOLDIE: I have to carry this huge five-gallon container of water back to base camp. We're in last place, but we still feel like we got a shot in this game. NOAH: Look at this. The big man, doing big man stuff. - Pick it up, Tony, pick it up! - Come on, Lisa. MARK: We're second or third to take off, but luckily we got in front and we got-- we were the very first team to get back here for the second challenge. - I just did-- - Where's Red? Have they showed up again? MARK: No, not yet. Team Noah chose the shorter route. Let's see if it pays off. They're gonna have to do more work. Purifying the water through sand, rocks, and charcoal is a slow and tedious process. LISA: Put the sock filter into the bottle. Drape it over the side. We're gonna pour the dirty water through and that goes in the end. You got it. NOAH: This is very similar to what us in the infantry would do. It's all about surviving in the wilderness. Tomorrow, in Circus day, we're going to be home chilling in the Jacuzzi. Here comes Ivette. Here comes Tony. Come on, I can't have you go to the Circus. Come on. TEE: Stop talking and run. Tony, Ivette. Here they are. - I can't touch it. Oh, my God. - Open it. Where's the funnel? Went shorter but seem to be a little tired. Hey, Red. Hurry up. I don't care if you pass out. Let's go. JOHN: And now the longer route. Give it all you got, K. Water purification, only so many ways you can do it. I think we're gonna be way faster (indistinct).. How much do we have to make? Once you fill the quart container to the line. MARK: Where's the line? It's on the very top. There's a lot to fill. Team Nick took the longer route. They don't have the sock and rocks to purify through. I believe it's as simple as pouring it into the jug. Next step. CAM: Once you fill your pour tank, this has to be considered complete. Okay. We're good? - Yeah. - All right, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Wow. Cam, what do you think? Short, long? - Short, short. - Let's go. Hurry up. JOHN: Team Noah is losing the lead to Team Nick. Is today the day that they will lose their crown? Team Rorke still on their way in. - Breathe. - Come on. Come on, Goldie. We just got to go left up here and we're almost done. - Almost done. - Almost done. (panting) Hold it with two hands like a baby. Come on, Blue. Come on. Dude, do not tell me they went short. If my team went-- I think they went short. If they did, we're done. Man, the seconds must feel like minutes at this point. - All right. - Are we done? JOHN: Team Noah close. They're out. - Are we good? - Let's go. JOHN: Team Noah out. NOAH: We decided to go with the further distance on the fire. My team has the endurance so they can make it, and I'm hoping that getting back in that easier starting of the fire will help us win this. - Almost there, baby. Almost there. - Boom. Stop. - Team Tee out. TEE: Run, Tony, run. JOHN: Team Rorke in, and it seems as if they've chosen the most difficult. Why did we-- why did we change? Why did we go short? All we had to do was pour water in. They left four minutes early because of it. We--we made the call to go short. Yep. JOHN: Rorke, I've seen that stare before from my own father, when I trashed his Mickey Mantle autograph. RORKE: I haven't been I think sincerely upset in this game yet. I mean, I'm absolutely livid hot. It robs me of my ability, I think, to help mentor and guide the team. What does it say? Just take it and read directions later. Let's go. Oh, boy. "Build fire. First team." JOHN: Team Nick are on their way back to camp after retrieving the short distance fire. Come on. JOHN: Team Noah have chosen the longer route. You got it. JOHN: And as we saw with the water, that easier task has huge benefits. My team is so strong, and right now, I just feel like I'm kind of slowing it--the team down to keep pace with everybody else. MAN: Come on, Lisa. Come on. Breathe, Tony. Tony's always been a little bit hesitant in the run department, and he's never really lived up to the expectations that I kind of had for him. Tony! Get your ass! Come on, let's go. (coughs) Get up. Get up. Come on! TONY: She picked me up and started pulling me, and I was just like-- I just couldn't breathe anymore. Slow, slow. Right there. HAZE: That's how you do it. That's how you do it. We should have stuck with the plan. We'd be in second place right now. Let's go, Red! JOHN: So now the foot race is on. Team Noah going for five wins in a row. Team Nick hoping to be the first to knock them off their perch. But they went the shortest distance for fire, so this is gonna be a harder task. Hurry up! Team Tee, let's go. JOHN: Team Rorke languishing in last place. You're doing great, Goldie. ♪ ♪ Hey! Hurry up. - Hurry up! - Is that Team Nick? I think I hear Team Nick. Let's go. Come on, KJoy. Suck it up. And I have--I have Team Nick here. - Come on, baby, let's go. - Are they in? No, no one's in yet. Come on, hurry up. Come on, hurry up. Don't stop running now, Jim. Let's go. Put that--give me instructions. Okay, it's time to make some fire. Take the dry bag containing the items back to the camp site. Start a fire. Build a fire high enough to burn the fuse. Starting a fire is not that hard if you know what you're doing. I knew this is right up my alley. This is something that we've trained on in the military, I think every branch has trained on, but the special operations kind of harp on it in a different--different way. - Good, good, good. - We're good. We're good. We're good. - Team Rorke, out. - Let's go long. - Come on. - You good? HAZE: Hustle. Put the wheels on, Goldie. We got to do this. Jim, you're good. Noah's not. - You're good. - Use a striker. Slow and smooth. Hard strokes. Right in there. Like this, Jim. Like this. Like that. Strike it hard. - Like that. - Yeah! Yeah! CAM: Keep going, keep going, keep going. The difference between winning and losing this Evolution will be the ability of Jim to build fire, and with only a flint and some wood scraps in this cold weather it's going to be tough. Team Noah are known for their comebacks, and let me tell you something, they are coming back. Lot of friction. Lot of--hard. - Harder. - Come on, come on, come on. - Here we go. Here we go. - Yes. Yes. - Just like that--don't stop. - I saw some. I saw some. Come on. Ton, seriously? Tony, I'll (bleep) drag you again. Come on. - You want that-- - Come on Jim. Keep--here we go. Slowly, slowly. Stack. Slowly stack. JOHN: You've got fire. Now it just needs to be big enough to light the fuse. NOAH: It's down to the wire. Team Nick has their fire going but they haven't burned through that rope yet. I'm just looking out, waiting for-- to see a sign of my team. They can get here, Clare can get this fire going in seconds, and we can pull off a photo finish. Come on, y'all. I hear some people. Here comes Green. JIM: Come on, come on, come on. Here we go. Here we go. CAM: Come on, Jim. JOHN: The difference between winning and losing this Evolution will be the ability of Jim to build fire. - Yeah! - There you go. NICK: Slowly, slowly, stack. Slowly stack. Slowly stack. Slowly stack. JOHN: Fire needs to be big enough to light that fuse. There we are. Last lap. Pick it up. You should start right here on this side. You realize that? There you go. CAM: We got this, Jim. JOHN: Team Noah and Team Tee are in hot pursuit with the easier fire task. This is down to the wire. You got a little something going. You're gonna need a little more. KJOY: You're still good, Jim. You're still in the clear. JOHN: Other teams have matches and faster-burning fuel. They can make fire in no time. I am a fire starter! Yeah! I hear some people. Here comes Green. JOHN: Team Noah are back to base camp. They better be quick. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Aah! JOHN: It's over. It is over! (cheering) It is a go. Team Nick has won the Evolution. ♪ ♪ JIM: You know what? With great battles come great victories, and Noah's team is more than formidable. It just makes it so much sweeter a victory. - Excellent! - I am a fire starter! Flares and celebrations for all! This might be the beginning of the Team Red era. We took down Green. Let's just keep it rolling. NICK: I'm really proud of my team. This is actually the first job that they got on target. Now we just have to repeat it, do it again. JOHN: Nick, the sweet taste of victory for you and your team. Congratulations. You've won the Evolution. You're safe from the Circus. (applause) Whoo! Team Noah, your first taste of defeat, and now along with that, a very difficult decision awaits, as Noah, Rorke, you must choose a member of your team to face the Circus, and Noah, you must do this for the first time. Tee, we already know that Tony is going to go, because Ivette went to the Circus last week. Team Nick, I get to hang out with you guys. Looking forward to it. JOHN: And I am very excited. Everybody, head back to base camp as Noah and Rorke, they've got some picking to do. RORKE: Now my fear is that the team is going to start breaking down because we have back to back to back last place. I mean, not only are we not winning to give ourselves immunity and take a break, we are coming in last place. Dead last. (dramatic music) - All right. - Going in. - Home sweet home. - Home sweet home. CAM: We are the ones to finally topple over Team Noah, and what a feeling that is. HAZE: I'm so mad. Team Rorke's going back to Circus again. It'd just be nice not to go once. Just once. I was just like, "I'm sorry, Dad." I don't want to cry over this. I don't think you disappointed him. Oh, no, I think we did, 'cause we didn't-- he was like, "Why didn't you listen to me?" I need to stop crying over it. - It's so (bleep) stupid. - And you will. Honestly, we've done so many things wrong during Evolution, like-- HAZE: It's just nice to have somebody to take your mind off of things for a little bit. I mean, he really, like-- he is a happy person, and that's just, like-- having that positive energy around me, he's always smiling. He's always got his little Cam smile, and I don't know, I feel like I'm blushing right now. (laughs) (exhales sharply) I always mess up in matches, and like, there's been times where I mess up so bad, and it just like, throws off the-- and I just, like, I throw it out the window, you know what I mean? It can't be like that. You're so cute. Yeah? - Yeah, you made me better. - Okay. - I'm gonna stop crying now. All right. ♪ ♪ GOLDIE: So let's call a spade a spade. The best that I could give was putting one foot in front of the other. But the fact that you walked-- that's where--in the first run, that's where to me, I was like, "What's happening here?" Like, you quit in the beginning. I didn't quit. That's the way it seemed, because you were walking. I'm a grown-ass woman. I don't have to lie to you. If I'm telling you I gave you 100%, that's what I gave you. Is it more beneficial for me to slow down a little bit 'cause I can't breathe-- or is it okay-- I'm telling you, if you can still see straight-- But can I finish saying what I'm saying? Absolutely. Today, we feel--I feel that she didn't give her all, and I expressed that. Or would it be more beneficial for me to pass out on the course-- Yes. And that's my answer right there. Or fall down on the course? That's what we also-- we do if we came here. But we want to be feeling like we-- I feel like I did nothing all. I feel like this is an attack Goldie session, that's what the (bleep) I feel like right now. When I compete, I'd rather have a medic drag me out. Okay, well, that's you. All right, well, then that's what I want on my team. Ugh. And when are we gonna Evolve? Oh, you still-- why are you yelling? I'm not yelling. Oh, you're not yelling. You know, she took it personally, and one thing we said in the beginning was we're not going to take anything personally, and we're here to compete. So if we stayed at the same level, can you lower? (bleep), I'm not gonna do this. All right. (slams door) I slam doors to keep from slamming my fist in somebody face. Is this when the bell rings? Like... ♪ ♪ (uplifting music) - Oh! - Oh! Is that cold beer? JOHN: We have some beers, we got wine. This is what an off day looks like. This food had just got here. It's hot, it's ready. MAN: Awesome. JOHN: You guys sit down. I'll bring these around. Five star. Mount Rainier in the background. Yeah? Not too bad, right? The service sucks, though. (laughter) - 21st birthday? - Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna need to check your ID. I grew up watching John Cena every week on TV. To sit down and have a beer with John Cena was like a dream come true. JOHN: Congratulations to you guys. You guys call it. To Team Reaper's first win out of many, all right? - Yeah. - All right. ALL: One, two, three, Reaper. To Team Reaper. CAM: I am a fire starter! NICK: Dude. John Cena's best friend. John Cena's best friend. ♪ ♪ Look, I'm never gonna beat you up or take somebody's head off for changing the plan, but something's wrong with the team. I mean, it's a different feeling right now. What's going on? I could just sense a tension that was way beyond, "Hey, we lost a challenge." There was something else going on here. He does not have the right to tell me whether I did or did not give 100%. He don't feed me, he don't fund me, and it's another "F" that I'ma leave off. RORKE: Goldie's been disrespected. If we didn't address that, there would be no point in me teaching anything else. I think you're just here to push yourself as far as you can go and that's honorable in itself. You can appreciate that saying, you know, I think you're just here to kind of test yourself, pretty disrespectful, and out of my last assault team with 20 people, there were about three guys I couldn't stand. I would never want to see them other than work. One was, you know, a medic but if I got shot and started leaking, I would want that medic patching me up quicker than any human alive, 'cause he excels at that job. I just want to make sure we have a team that can move forward together. There's deeper things for you and for me while we're here. Right? You hear me, and I respect your why. And I respect yours, too. So let's just do this as a team. Let's test yourself. All right. I'm sorry. I love you, Mario. ♪ ♪ - Sir. - Thank you. NOAH: I don't think there's any easy way to send somebody to the Circus. There's always that possibility that when somebody goes to the Circus, they may not return. What's on your mind, Mark? He's just been staring at the fire. He's out. You know, everyone perceives strength and weakness as the best and the worst, and that's not what strength and weakness is. Weakness is giving up on yourself. The strength is pushing yourself, doing the best you can. That's all you can ask for. As far as the Circus goes, that's a brand new experience, but you know, I do feel nervous. I'm excited because I hope there's elephants, giraffes, and a trapeze act. What drives you, Clare? Um, I'm not a natural athlete. I really have to work hard to be an athlete. I mean, running does not come to me easily, but darn straight, I was gonna look like the strongest runner yesterday, you know? You can't give in to those doubts in your mind. You have to push them out of your mind and say, "This might hurt, but I can do it." I've weighed out a whole bunch of different things, and I don't think I will officially know until I have to say who it is. You know, the Circus has been a big fear for me, and it's just new for me to wrap my brain around. You know, all of the sport things that I have done have just been personal goals and for fun. Right. Like, the last marathon I ran, the goal was to finish the marathon. I wasn't running for speed. I told you, I got beat by a person with one leg. Like it's so bad. (laughter) When I think about the fact that I have to send one person to the Circus and they may not come back, uh, that's stressful. I got to think about it. First time I've had to do it. ♪ ♪ JOHN: Good evening, everybody. We are here once again at the Circus. Noah, for four weeks, your team has avoided this moment. Four weeks they've had their safety. Team Noah, welcome to the Circus. Tee, because you're down to only two team members, and Ivette faced the Circus last week, Tony, you will have to face the Circus. Please go stand by Tee. Come on. You got this. Rorke. I know how tough Tony is in the fight, so my choice for this round.... is my man Mario. Yes, finally. All right, bud. JOHN: Noah. I'm sending to our first Circus without a doubt, the glue that is holding my team together. I'm sending... Lisa. I chose Lisa because Lisa has heart, and what I'm working on with Lisa is tapping into that inner strength. I think once we find it, she will be unbreakable. Lisa, your thoughts on facing the Circus. I feel like a lot of times, I might think that people are underestimating me, but that's not really the case. Honestly, I underestimate myself. Nobody on my team ever speaks badly of me. I do. NOAH: Lisa is much stronger than she allows herself to realize and this is going to test her. She will come back to the Green Team stronger than ever. Lisa, Tony, Mario, as invincible as you think you all are, one of you tomorrow will give up. One of you tomorrow will ring out. One of you tomorrow will go home. (bell rings) Head back to base camp, get your rest, because you are going to need it. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Knocky knocky. - Guess who. - Girls of the grit. LISA: The girls of the grit who faced the Circus, they kind of came in and they were cheering me up. You're gonna come back stronger. You're going in there for Lisa. KJOY: So the minute that you start to think in your head, "Oh, my gosh, this is impossible," put it in a bubble and send it away. Don't even let it come into your head. Especially it's the fifth week into it and you're, like, just going into it for the first time. GOLDIE: Remember your kids. LISA: Girls of the grit made me feel so beautiful today. ALL: Girls of the grit! Whoo! Girls of the grit! Whoop whoop! LISA: I just, I mean, I really want to be strong. I really want to be a stronger person. I really want to do well for the team. I don't want to be the weakest link. ♪ ♪ JOHN: You seemed extremely excited when chosen to face the Circus yesterday. Do you think you are underestimating the Circus? That's where you give it all, and that's where you back everything that was said. I don't quit. Why? A big part of it has to do with my mom. Being a single parent and having to work multiple jobs just to put food on the table, and she'd come home and see three kids. That's what I came here for. If I really, really want to make an impact, I think the best way for me to do it is to work with children. Children are sponges, and if they learn something positive from day one, if you teach them to be dedicated, so if I can instill that in the youth, it'll to me-- I mean, maybe I won't change the world but I can change individuals' worlds. Mario's perspective on life as a 24-year-old man is years beyond where he should be. He's already looking to give back to the community. Having that foresight, maybe he has the same foresight to the competition. - Oh, God. - Oh, my God. This is how I warm up for competition. Too much. When your will is about to be broken, what drives you? I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna go in and say that I'm not scared, but I also know that I've been through a lot of crap in my life. I watched both parents die, and anything in my life is gonna be harder than muscle fatigue. I'm gonna think of the marathon that I ran. I was at the bottom of the hill, and I was looking up at the top of the hill, and nothing--nothing could get me through it, and there was a Marine, and I had on my shirt my name, and then I had "For Dad." He said, "Lisa, I see you, Lisa, "and I see that you're running for your dad. And he sees you, too." And then all of a sudden I just-- I had this burst of energy and I made it over the hill. I desperately want you to see that soldier on the hill today. I do, too. So you give 'em hell out there, okay? Thank you. JOHN: Lisa feels she's outgunned and she's not. She has a very tough road ahead of her, but this competition is about people traveling down difficult roads. (bleep)! Ah! (laughing) (laughter) Team Noah. Welcome to your first Circus, and to the competitors. Today, facing the Circus you know your very life in this competition hangs in the balance. After you've finished with the obstacle portion, you will land on the endurance platform, but please, do not take the obstacle portion for granted. If you finish first, you will have a major advantage. Today's test is called "Double Time." I will blow a horn, and the timer will start. You'll run down your lane to a log. Touch that log, run back up your lane within 20 seconds. Eventually, through the test you'll have less time to accomplish this goal, so as you become more exhausted, we will demand that you work harder back and forth. Back and forth. Until one competitor can no longer go. They can either no longer re-set their timer and it runs to zero, or they can physically no longer compete. They will give up. They will ring out. They will go home. Ladies and gentlemen, simply put, we're gonna run. TEE: Running has never been a strong point for Tony, so I'm worried about, is he gonna be able to go the distance? Competitors, get to your starting positions. (applause) NOAH: Just like in the military, a lot of people go into it not sure if they can handle it, and they come out stronger on the other side. And that's what I want to see for Lisa. RORKE: He needs to get to that platform first and give yourself full advantage. Mario's a strong competitor. This would be a tremendous blow to not get him back. (cheering and applause) Tony, let's go, get it! Let's go, Tony! - Keep working, Lisa! - Tony! Competitors, the Circus will push you to the limits. Here's where you prove your American grit. All we ask is all you got. GOLDIE: Here we go, Mario. MAN: Let's go Lisa. JOHN: Three, two, one. (air horn blares) (cheering) First to the climbing wall is Mario, Tony a close second, Lisa holding her own early on. (applause) Mario absolutely flew up those ropes. Good job, Mario. Let's go, Tony. - Pick it up. - Good job, Lisa. JOHN: But it still wasn't fast enough to shake Tony, who was right on his heels. - Mario, Mario! - Let's go, Lisa! JOHN: Lisa needs to dig deep to stay in the picture. All right, Lisa. JOHN: On to the Giant's Ladder now. NOAH: All right, Lisa, you're good. I'll see you down there, Mario. JOHN: Mario's like Spider-Man on this thing. He's getting away from Tony. Lisa with a lot of work to do. Mario, a little shaky on the beam. - All right, Lisa! - Let's go, Lisa. Let's go, Lisa. You are doing fantastic. Raleigh and Henry are gonna be so proud of you. Mario, Mario, Mario! JOHN: Tony's catching up. But catching his breath as well. (whispering) Okay. Mario's killing this. BOTH: Mario! Mario! JOHN: Lisa, no fear. She's still in this. Mario's first to the cargo net. Rorke's got to be proud. - Mario! - You're killing it! Tony is nowhere! JOHN: Mario is really putting everything into this. Come on, Tony. Bring it. JOHN: Mario needs to hurry, because here comes Tony. All right, Mario. JOHN: You got to make it official. Mario is the first to arrive on the endurance platform. Nice job. Good job. Careful now. Let's go. JOHN: Tony has arrived on the platform second. Lisa, still giving it all. She's not a quitter. She'll start first in the sprinting double-time endurance. Let's go, Lisa. Come on, Lisa. Okay. JOHN: Lisa has arrived to the platform. We'll get her test started immediately. NOAH: Tony looks tired. Endurance running isn't his thing. Lisa's a marathon runner. She can still pull this off. At the ready. Three, two, one. (air horn blares) All right, push-ups. For the first ten circuits of double time, the clock will be set at 20 seconds. After that, there will be less time. Good job. Good job. JOHN: Okay, Tony. Your double time will now begin. The clock's still set at 20 seconds. (air horn blares) All right, there you go. There you go. MAN: There you go, Lisa. JOHN: Mario, you'll begin in 12 seconds. Good job. Good job, Lisa. JOHN: Okay, we now have three competitors in the challenge. Whoever cannot complete the sprint within the time frame or who gives up will be the competitor to ring out. (air horn blares) - There you go. Good job. - Let's go, Tony. DAVID: Good job, Lisa. Good job. - Come on, you got this. - Just like that. You're doing awesome. (air horn blares) Good job. JOHN: This is only the first round. 20 seconds, but it's got to be wearing 'em down. (air horn blares) (cheering) (air horn blares) Good job. JOHN: Keep pushing. No resting. RORKE: Good job, Mario. JOHN: Competitors, your time will be shaved by five seconds. You now have 15 seconds to go back and forth. - You got this. - Come on, Lisa, focus. - You got it, Lisa. - Come on, Tony. (air horn blares) You got this, Mario. MAN: Come on. Push it, push it, push it. WOMAN: I like it, I like it. (air horn blares) JOHN: Those legs will start feeling tired now. - Keep it going. - Good job, Lisa. (air horn blares) - Hang close. - Good job. - Hang close. - Nice and smooth. (air horn blares) WOMAN: Whoo! JOHN: This endurance is on. No one close to ringing out. - Keep focused. - Good job, good job. All right, baby. Bring it home. MAN: There you go, Lisa. (air horn blares) - There you go! TEE: Easy there, baby. JOHN: Okay, let's crank it up. - All day, all day. Competitors, your time will now be shaved to ten seconds. MAN: Stay focused. TEE: Get your rhythm. Ten seconds. Two, one, go. (air horn blares) - This is where you win. -All right, Mario. JOHN: Competitors, your time will now be shaved to ten seconds. You only have that short time to run to the log and back. Go! (air horn blares) Ten seconds, ten seconds. MAN: You've got to move. You've got to move. You've got to move. Come on, get up there. Dig in for it. JOHN: Three, two, one-- (air horn blares) - Dig deep, dig deep. - Go, go, go. Come on, come on. MAN: No resting between turning back around. Don't quit. Come on. Two, one, go. (air horn blares) - Get to it, get to it. - Do it, Lisa, do it, Lisa. - Find it, find it, find it. - Want it, Lisa. Three, two, one. (air horn blares) Dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig. NOAH: Go, Lisa. Go. TEE: Easy there, Tony. We want it, Lisa. We want it. Two, one... (air horn blares) - Go, do it, Lisa. Do it. - Hang in there, hang in there. - Go, go, go, go. - Come on, come on, come on. Two, one. (air horn blares) Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. - Down the hill fast. - It's gotta be fast. WOMAN: Let's go, Lisa. JOHN: Come on, come on, come on. - Come on, Lisa. - Three, two, one. (air horn blares) Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Come on. Four, three, two, one. (air horn blares) Go, go, go, go. (cheering) Push it, Lisa, push it! ♪ ♪ (beeps) That's it, that's it. Good job. Good job. Keep your head up. Breathe. Breathe. You did great, baby. All right? - Get up, baby. - Walk it off, walk it off. Good job, baby. ALL: Lisa! Lisa! Lisa! Lisa! NOAH: Awesome. That was so much work, all right? That was so much work, all right? I'm very proud of Lisa. We hate to lose her, but I think she's going home with her head a little bit higher. She was a critical part of our team. She was the heart, she was the glue holding us together, and now we're gonna have to adjust, keep driving home, and uh, and make Lisa proud. That was awesome. All right? DAVID: Lisa will definitely be missed. She talks about being a Rocky for moms, and she's gone out there today and shown that, and she shows it to us every day. She keeps us together and she never complains, and all those things are going to be extremely missed. Mario, Tony. Congratulations. You survived the Circus. Please, go join your teams. (applause) Whoo, Mario! Go, Mario. Lisa. - All we ask is all you got. - Uh-huh. You gave it all you had today. I did. Thank you. Lisa, time to ring out. Okay. Thank you. All of you, thank you very much. - Thank you. Thank you for everything. - Mm-hmm. Okay. We love you, Lisa. - We love you, Lisa. - We love you. I'm done here at the Circus, but I'm--I'm not done. I'm not done with life. Even when I fall, I get back up. There's a Chinese proverb which is "Fall down nine times, get up ten." I fell down. I'm back up. I wish that I didn't run out of steam. I wish I ran harder. I wish that I could be here with them till the end, but I'm still proud to be part of that team. We're all proud of you. JOHN: Next time. Stay steady. Come on, baby. Ooh. JOHN: Can Team Noah take back their gritty crown? So this where we go. It's gonna be a game-changer for "American Grit." Up, down. JOHN: Rorke's finally fed up with his team. ALL: One! - Up! BOTH: Six. JOHN: And I join the competition. Who will be the next contestant to give up... Okay, we got ourselves a race. Ring out, and go home on "American Grit"? Ready to rumble. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 