Brynhildr in the Darkness: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness 
 s1e4 - Ushinawareta kioku - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness (2014): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ushinawareta kioku - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What a fool. We're still okay Wh-what the hell...? Turn it back! Turn back time! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Lost Memories I know for sure I've pierced your heart. At this rate, you'll be dead in a few seconds. Saori is a hybrid that uses two classes of magic. The first type is a slicing attack magic. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And the other is time manipulation. Saori can reverse time, but just to one minute previous. You're out of choices. Now turn back time! Don't underestimate me. I can't believe a human hurt me so badly... Should I turn back time? No, that would use too much magic. It's no good. At this rate, I'm going to die! So that's Saori, huh? She's hung up! Dammit! Grab hold of her! She's hung up, so she can't use her magic! Saori has hung up. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's useless. If you'll excuse me. Time manipulation magic consumes a lot of physical strength. Using it just once leaves you unable to move for a while. Did you really turn back time? If so, what happened? Our memories may be gone, but you still have yours, right? What are you looking at? Huh?! Uh... So she doesn't have those underarm moles after all. Still, I feel like I've forgotten something important... I'm done for. I've failed, so they'll get rid of me. Why not just tell them you've killed me? They wouldn't buy something like that, would they? They told me to bring back your harnest! Bring it back? So harnests are valuable to the people at the lab? "Harnest" might be from the English "harnessed." Then why not escape with us? Hey! She was trying to kill you! If she could escape from them, she'd have no reason to come after us. Impossible. My harnest has a homing beacon on it that tells them where I am. The minute I try to get away from the factory, they'll eject it remotely. About that beacon... Let's see if we can remove it. Are you stupid? If it were that easy to get off, no one would go through all this. Your life is on the line! Don't you think we should try everything we can?! Yeah... You're right. It's too early to give up. These guys have dropped their guard. I can kill them with my bare hands. Okay, I'll take a look. But why?! The beacon...! The bottom left button is pushed in! The left one means- Isn't there something we can do?! No. Not anymore. But why? She didn't even leave the factory! Let's go. We have to hurry and find those pills. Can you stand? What is that?! It's trying to get back to the harnest. Could that thing be a witch parasite? Just what are we? What happened to us in that lab? I get it. It's not "harnessed" at all... It's a corruption of "her nest," where she lives. We looked everywhere, but only found two boxes. Still, now Kuroha can live a little longer. Kana-Chan, hold on... When's the last time she took a suppressant? The day before yesterday, at night. You said you'll die if you don't take it for 35 hours... Yes. It's a little different for each person, though. Kana-Chan! Equatorial Telescope Kana-Chan... Kana-Chan... Kana-Chan! Answer me, Kana-Chan! She can't answer unless you put her hand on the keyboard, can she? Kazumi-Chan! Why are you here? The truth is, I only had one pill left myself. I've been holding out till I was about to melt to take 'em. I didn't have any to give to Kana, but I couldn't let her die then have her comin' back to haunt me. We split my last capsule in half and licked up what was inside. So then Kana-Chan is...! Neko, you're alive! My vision never changed from you two dying. I thought for sure you were gone. Thank goodness! I'm just glad you're okay, Kana-Chan. Kuroha and I probably died, just like in the prediction... But then Saori's magic rewound time. I have no idea what happened, though. Hey, hurry and give Kana a pill. Kana. You sure have been treating me like a creep, huh? Isn't there something you'd like to say now that I risked my life to bring you these pills? "Don't act so self-important"? Uh, no. "You're pretty condescending"? No, no! The spoils. I'll be taking half. Business is business. Come again. That's fine. It's what we promised her, so... I'm gonna head home. You guys can stay here for now. But- It's fine. I'm the only one who comes here. If you get hungry, there are some snacks downstairs. Help yourselves. Murakami-kun! Thank you. Uh, sure. See you later. Equatorial Telescope "Murakami-kun," huh. Come to think of it, that's the first time Kuroha's called me by name. Ryota! Am I stupid or what? Crying tears of joy just because Kuroha said my name. Sasuke Inari Shrine What's up? You're spacing out. It's as if, for such a long, long time... I've wanted to see this view. That's how it feels. Why... even though this scenery is so beautiful... does my heart ache so much? She's not Kuroneko. I know that. But... I'm glad I could show her the ocean. Kuroha was by no means dumb: she just hadn't been taught anything. That's correct. It wasn't that long ago she couldn't do multiplication tables, but she's absorbing the material, even here at this top-rated prep school. When Neko uses her powers, she loses things that are dear to her. Things she loses when she uses her powers... They're her memories. It has to be. Are you sure? We can stay at the observatory? There's not much choice, is there? Your house burned up in the fire. Anyway, you'll be fine if you turn in the form to join the astronomy club. Join the club? Yeah. The club watches stars all night, so that can be your excuse for sleeping over. What about Kana-Chan? Well, if it comes to it, we'll just have to hide her in the closet. But... If you're found there with two witches, you'll be killed. You'll be a part of this. That's fine. I've already considered the worst-case scenario, so don't worry. Even if that happens, you've already saved my life... I don't mind losing it to protect you. Say... Hm? What does "someone you can trust" mean? Huh? Well... Someone who makes you think, "This person would never do anything wrong," I guess. Here. Look inside. It was given to me when I ran away. This is... some kind of computer? But what's this? That's... a baby alien. Huh? Well, to be exact, they said it's a fertilized alien egg. Hey, so... You must be bored when Neko's at school, right? Well, yes, I am. But she seems to be having fun, so I don't want to burden her or get in the way. You get hungry when she's not here? She feeds me a lot for breakfast, so not really. Hmmm... What are you trying to say? Nothing. I was just thinkin' you Sure are a strange one. The truth is, you could move if you wanted to. If you go blabbing to Neko, I'll kill you. How? Just our luck, huh? What a sudden shower... Kazumi-Chan. What are you doing here? I'd heard they moved here, so I came to check things out. What, is it raining? It's already slowed down. Kuroha, you should take a bath. There's a bath here? Yeah. There's a hot spring nearby. It's small and mixed, though. I'm fine going later. Oh? Okay. Even though it's mixed, there's no way we could bathe together, huh? Still, it's too bad I don't get to see Kuroha's breasts. Well, well! You! Why are you in here?! What do you mean? It's mixed, right? Even so- If you wanna see some boobs, maybe I should show you. She heard me! There. Turn around to get a look at those boobies you love so much. I'm not that into them! Oh, C'mon. Don't deny yourself. C'mon, C'mon, C'mon! Cut it ou-! S-sorry. If "sorry" was enough, the world wouldn't need police. Huh? Would you mind please paying the booby fee? Huh?! Even though you saw more than that, I'm letting you off with just a boob fee. That's super nice of me, huh? J-just what do you want from me? That is... Somethin' for you to look forward to! What are you do-?! Well, see ya. Wha...?! I-I'm sorry! What are you doing here? Kazumi said we should come together. Damn her! My body feels hot. I wonder if I caught a cold being in the rain. For some reason, my heart is pounding so hard right now. I don't feel good. I'm getting out now. Damn! I was so caught up in her breasts that I forgot to look for the moles. The truth is, you know where the escaped witches are, don't you? I know... where three are! One of them asked Kazumi to hack online records so she could go to school. You'll really give me the pills if I tell you, right? You won't kill me, will you?! No. Of course not. Well, how were they? Neko's boobs? More to the point... Why are you laying out a futon here? They've started surveying for a dam out by my place, so I can't stay there anymore. I thought I'd live with you guys for a while. That's pretty selfish! You don't have the right to say no. Why not? You already forgot? This is the booby fee you owe me. So don't mind me: I'm movin' right in. What's a "booby fee"? Nothing at all! Look, can I be brutally honest? What? Your boobs aren't all that much! You... How can you tell a girl that when you've stared between her legs?! Hey, tone it down a bit! Plus, you said you'd only charge me the "booby fee," right?! Jeez... This is just until you find a new place. And keep a low profile. Things will get bad if people see someone who's not a student coming and going. Ah. If that's the problem, you don't gotta worry. Huh? Why the heck not?! You'll see tomorrow. Are we done? I'm pretty sleepy. Damn... She just does what she wants. This thing must hold some data. But it's dangerous to turn it on. It might transmit our location. And this... is a fertilized alien egg? So that thing was an alien, or...? Wait, hold on. "Fertilized alien egg" could be an obscure term for something else. How do you like that? Till recently, I'd been looking through a telescope in search of aliens. But when one shows up in front of me, I can't believe it. Anyway, if I'm gonna turn this on, I should do it away from the city. Quiet down. I'm introducing a transfer student today. There's been a lot lately, huh? Don't tell me...! This is Kazumi Schlierenzauer. Freut Mich! Nice to meet you. Another cutie transferred here! Kazumi-Chan! I'm joining the astronomy club, too. Be seeing ya, Mr. President. Director Ichijiku. You have a call from Takachiho. Be there shortly. Do you understand, Ichijiku? Having those witches running loose in town is dangerous. Twenty-seven of them escaped during transport. Of those, we've already captured eight. We've also recovered five who died after running out of pills. Most of the others are thought to have perished from lack of medicine. But weren't some of those all-important pills stolen? Why could you not stop a single intruder, despite sending in a AA? Hey, you're really pushing it! It looks strange if a bunch of students transfer in at the same time, right?! Aah, give it a rest. I thought it all through. I made it so my info says I came from an Austrian national academy. Austria? I'm half German and can speak the language. There's nothing strange at all. Plus, it's way harder to get into than your backwoods prep school, so "transferring" in was a snap. I swear... I hope you haven't forgotten... There's more to your job than just supervising witches. Cause no more delay to the great plan to follow. I understand your concern, but the plan hasn't been delayed in the slightest. We've already made our next move. Who's that? E-excuse me. Is this the astronomy club room? Yes, that's right. And you are...? Your next move? I have placed a witch in their midst. I... I transferred in today. I'd like to join the astronomy club. Huh? A transfer student? Again? Yes! I'm Kotori Takatori. Will one be enough? If we dispatch more, the chance of rebellion increases. It's extremely dangerous. Astronomy Club Application Form If we dispatch more, the chance of rebellion increases. It's extremely dangerous. Well, would you mind please filling out this form? Okay! Also, though she is but one witch, she is a AA+. This will be no problem. AA+? That should work. Dismissed. Kagayaku hoshi miagete Itsumo akogareteta naa Ashita o yume minagara Koi o shite mitari Nai mono nedari de Shiawase wa hito sorezore to Oshiete kureteta ne Sonna Kimi ga Suki de... Ne... Watashi wa ima koi ni ochita Ichibanboshi onegai shita Douka Kimi to Itsumo issho ni irareru you ni Watashi wa ima Hajimete shiru Koi wa setsunai Kurushiku naru Demo ai wa tottemo Hora Atatakai mono nanda OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 