Brynhildr in the Darkness: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness 
 s1e6 - Bishou no riyuu - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness (2014): Season 1, Episode 6 - Bishou no riyuu - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We couldn't save her... It happened so fast. There was nothing we could do. Let's go. You guys aren't her target. There's no reason to fight a futile battle. Shit! How many of these do they have back at the lab?! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn That's three. She'll pay for this! The Reason For Her Smile She'll pay for this! Wait, Kuroha! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Damn. I have no choice! What are you doing?! I need you to listen closely. If you challenge her here, you will die in vain. Revenge is pointless. You'll be giving up your life to save no one. But...! It's much better to wait till you have the chance to help someone. Am I wrong? You understand? I understand. But... It hurts so bad! I know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Murakami! There'll be a crowd there soon. You and Neko get out of there! If the police see her harnest, you'll be taken in for sure. It's usually not a problem, but after an incident like that, any girls our age will get our necks checked, even if we try to hide 'em. Hurry and get out of there! Kuroha, let's go! Hold on a sec! Now what is it?! She's there. So she did come to kill Neko! "She"? Shino-Chan! I'm here to save you! Oh, no. I forgot about Kotori! Shino-Chan! Where are you? That fool! Murakami-kun, look after Kotori. I'll distract Kikako. Hold on! You can't stop me. I know that. But I have an idea. Shino-Chan! Kikako-Chan. Just go back. Neko. Hey! Come this way. Kikako-Chan, please. Just go back. Dude, what nonsense did you put into Neko's head? This ain't the kind of opponent you can reason with! You'll make four. Look, dammit... Why didn't you run away?! Neko's hung up and has zero chance of beating her! That's not true. Huh? We just thought that we'd like to finish this without fighting, if we could. The truth is, her attacks... aren't really scary. What do you mean? It's simple. Her magic has a weakness. She dodged it? Both of those beams earlier had a pre-fire lag time. The more powerful the shot, the longer it takes to charge. If we can use that time to get behind her, we can push her harnest button. Murakami. So, you plan to sacrifice yourself so Neko can flip the switch? Nope. I don't want to die, so I'll do my best to dodge. Good grief. Kogan-dori Road closed due to damage Kogan parking lot: Empty Kogan parking lot: Full Traffic information Kogan-dori Road closed due to damage I made it so the whole park is off limits, and temporarily blocked police radio and 110 calls. But I can't keep it up for long. You'll need to hurry up and finish this. Understood. Kotori, you- Where did she go?! Okay... Okay... Almost... I have to hurry. Okay... Hey. What are you doing over here? Th-th-this is... You're tying up your arm with a ribbon? When you were killed, Neko was tied up nearby. I see. So you... You're trying to trade places with Kuroha, huh? You're binding your arm so she won't come to your rescue? But if you take her place, Kikako will kill you! That's fine. Either way, I... I'll be dead tomorrow. You'll be fine! We still have some pills left. I don't need them. Those pills are our lifelines. I don't want to extend my own life by taking them from someone else. I've always wanted to experience a normal school life. It was only for two days, but I even got to be in a club. I'm truly happy. So I have no regrets about dying. This is the only kind of thing I can use my magic for. I see. Kotori is trying to substitute herself for Kuroha, so did Kana's forecast change after we went stargazing? Wait. "Substitute"? What's up? The forecast changed. Murakami must have realized something. Murakami-kun... What are you doing? She's able to read my movements now. Soon I won't be able to dodge anymore. I'll just have to push her harnest on my own. I'll move into point-blank range, barely avoid the beam... and circle behind her! I-I can't move! Kuroha! Neko-san! Murakami, that idiot! What the heck is he thinking? Kikako has prepared for that much. I'll trade places with Neko! There's no other way to save her! There is. Huh? Your magic is more powerful than you think. We've already won. Neko! Go! Okay! Neko-san? Huh? Kotori-Chan? What did I say? Your magic is more powerful than you think. If you trade places with the witch you want to capture, you can easily push her harnest. I swear. Protecting witches sure is a lot of work. Okay, talk. Where did you come from? Where is the lab? It's not that she won't answer: she just doesn't know. What the heck are you guys doing?! There's a crowd forming. The police are on their way. Get the heck outta there! What should we do with Kikako-Chan? I don't feel like making friends with a murderer... Even so, that doesn't mean I can just flip her kill switch. Where's Kotori? Huh? She should've been right behind me! She... She plans to go somewhere to die. We have to look for her! Do Not Cross Nagano Prefectural Police What happened? For a AA+, this is pretty sad. True, you retrieved the set number of harnests, but there's a debriefing and some harsh punishment awaiting you. K-Kotori! Kuroha! She's over here! How did you know where I was? Why does that even matter?! Um, Kotori? You put this address on your club form, right? That was careless... Even carelessness has its limits. Kotori-Chan! Will she make it if we have her take a pill? Probably. Her hands and feet are still attached, so that's good. What kind of horrible experiences have these guys had? Kotori-Chan, take a pill. No thank you. Hurry up and take it! You're running out of time! I don't... I don't want anyone's pills anymore. Why not?! The blood in this room belongs to my friend Chie-Chan. What? Today is my birthday. But with the pills that I had, I wouldn't have lived to see it. Kotori, you should live. But why?! It's almost your birthday, too! My birthday is a week after yours. But at this rate, we both won't make it. So take my pills and live for both of us. But I turned her down. I didn't want to celebrate my birthday so badly that I'd shorten Chie-chan's life. Then why is Kotori still alive? Don't tell me! Yes. She quit taking her pills. Chie-Chan! Why?! If my life can let you reach adulthood, it's a small price to pay. Once you're 16, you can even get married if you want to. The pills won't last, so it'll just be one day, but still... As a birthday present, I transferred you into a high school. Kotori, you've wanted to go to school, right? I used my magic to manipulate the data... Chie-Chan! Please, promise me one thing: Especially when you're sad, you have to make yourself smile. If you cry when things are tough, they'll only get tougher. Chie-Chan! One last thing... I'm not going to make it, so I'll say it ahead of time: "Happy birthday." I made a promise to Chie-Chan. I would keep smiling even when I'm sad. But I've felt guilty this whole time. Using Chie-chan's life so I alone could live. So... Don't be an idiot. You think we can let you die?! Without the one freshman we have now, the astronomy club will be shut down next year. That would be very aggravating. I'll get us more pills before we run out. Go on. Kotori-Chan, don't you want to wish Chie-Chan a happy birthday next week? Just hurry up and take it. I'll make you take it if I have to! I'll take the pill. One more thing. There's something I have to say to you. Happy birthday. Thank you very much! Thanks to you, Chie-Chan, I was able to turn 16. I'm keeping my promise, trying not to cry even when I'm sad. But I can cry in front of you, right? Chie-Chan... Happy birthday. Man, it sure is hot! Kikako really went on a rampage, Kogan Rocked by Explosion Deteriorating Gas Lines? No Injuries Kogan Rocked by Explosion Deteriorating Gas Lines? No Injuries but the papers and TV chalked it up to an explosion. But the papers and TV chalked it up to an explosion. Volcanic eruption? Gas explosion? Volcanic eruption? Gas explosion? Someone's used their influence to cover this thing up. Someone's used their influence to cover this thing up. I think that's reasonable enough to assume. Still, Kana's prediction really got to us this time. Neko was dead, and next to her Kotori was standing there, smiling. That's all it took for us to be convinced that Kotori was guilty. But... I made a promise to Chie-Chan. I would keep smiling even when I'm sad. And so, yeah... That's complicated things. Huh? Nobody's here. Still, we don't even have an AC. On a day like this, they'd broil to death. Don't tell me! Yahoo! Kazumi-Chan, that's cold! Our clothes will get wet! So just take 'em off! Whoa! No bra, Kotori? I kinda see your nipples. Well, it was hot today! I'll strip. Whoa! That's a heck of a show, Neko! Much cooler. Okay, I'll strip, too! Take that off, Kotori! I'd be embarrassed! I'm way too flabby! I swear... C'mon, no one's looking! I'm looking. The heck? Now you're a Peeping Tom? You really like boobs, huh? Don't be dumb. It's your own fault for getting naked outside. Look, I bought some ingredients. Onions, potatoes, carrots, Shirataki noodles, meat... This is... That's right. Nikujaga stew? Kotori ended up living at the observatory, too. We did sort of force her to, thinking it would be tough for her to stay where her friend had died. But it seems like she's having fun. It feels like we're camping every day. Yeah... But once our stash of pills runs out, they'll all die. Everyone, the food's ready! It's great! Kotori, your flavors are awesome! Y-y-you think so? I-I-I like to cook. I want to eat, too! My poor stew! Please, eat up! Yum, yum! Neko, hurry up! Here you go. I need to talk to you all. There's someone I want to tell about you. If all goes well, he could help us get more pills. Can we trust this guy? His personality's not the greatest, but he'd never betray us. I see. Then we'll leave it up to you. It's really okay, right? Yeah. It'll be okay. Kuroha. Does your magic work through glass? If I can see through it. But if the glass is frosted, then I can't do it. That's good enough. Come with me for a bit. I need your help. Well, how unusual to have heard from you. You've gotten quite handsome, Ryota. Dept. of Pharmaceutical Chemistry Classroom You've gotten quite handsome, Ryota. I'm sure you're popular, with the boys. This is why I didn't want to see him. Kogoro, I heard you turned down an offer from an American research institute. Naturally. My sphere of activity extends only as far as I can walk. If they need me so badly, they can build a lab in this neighborhood. If they can't even show that degree of good faith, there's no reason for me to go. And that's okay? At this rate, you'll remain obscure at some small-town college. Obscure? Me? Don't be absurd. This may not be a "brand-name" college, but my name is brand enough. Not to worry. Now then, what did you want to talk about? Before we get to that, there's a problem. What, exactly? Once you learn the secret I'm about to tell you, it's possible you'll be killed. By whom? Some government authority. If you go to the police, you'll be arrested. Also, I've already seen two people die right in front of me. I could possibly end up being killed myself. Been studying too hard? Or perhaps the summer heat has done you in. Either way, I now get there's a hitch to hearing your story. In which case, what merit is there in risking my life to advise you? I care nothing for money or sentiment. Kogoro, you don't believe in the supernatural, right? I only believe that which can be proven to exist. I'm not a romanticist. Then I'll show you true magic, right here and now. That's your compensation. Well, why not? Give it a shot. Is there something we can break? Huh? I brought a witch with me. Is there something in this room we can break? If you're going to do it with magic, you can break anything you like. Anything's okay. Do it. When did you plant it? Plant what? The door and windows are closed, so that wasn't a sniper. In which case, you must have planted an explosive in this room. That's why I asked you what to break, so we couldn't use some lame trick like that. This time, tell us exactly what to break. Well then, let's make it some place it would be hard to plant explosives. For example... The floor here. Or this pen, a keepsake from my father that I was just us- This is interesting indeed. It seems well worth risking one's life for. I will hear your story. Talk! Kagayaku hoshi miagete Itsumo akogareteta naa Ashita o yume minagara Koi o shite mitari Nai mono nedari de Shiawase wa hito sorezore to Oshiete kureteta ne Sonna Kimi ga Suki de... Ne... Watashi wa ima koi ni ochita Ichibanboshi onegai shita Douka Kimi to Itsumo issho ni irareru you ni Watashi wa ima Hajimete shiru Koi wa setsunai Kurushiku naru Demo ai wa tottemo Hora Atatakai mono nanda 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 