Brynhildr in the Darkness: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness 
 s1e10 - Ikite iru akashi - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brynhildr in the Darkness (2014): Season 1, Episode 10 - Ikite iru akashi - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Don't know what's being misunderstood Missiles flying, children getting shot Swindles everywhere People who should be the most loved ones killing each other Once you keep an eye off, things get stolen The world is like this, the world we don't know, the unknown world Out of our hands it don't matter, covering it up, acting like you don't see a thing If you think it's a different thing you don't notice that the world You live in is eventually heading towards this matter Look at it 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh yeah! The world is all linked together Save our loved ones and the world Hey, hey, because breaking down the piled wood castle is easy Save our loved ones and the world Hey, hey, because breaking down the piled wood castle is easy These peaceful days lasting is a wish Hey, hey, these peaceful days continuing is just like a wish Because I have no idea how many tickets "to live today" are left Because I have no idea how many tickets "to live today" are left Even at the time when you were playing cards Somewhere in the world, somebody is crying Murakami. Yeah, what? Your uncle's here. My uncle? Kogoro? He's saying he came to "meet us." Talk about good timing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Kogoro might be able to think of a way to remove the beacon. Have him wait there. We're on our way, and we're bringing Nanami. Proof She's Alive This is nice. So you all live here together. Yeah. And you can too, once we get that beacon off. Kogoro, we want to take this part of the device off. I only came because I wanted to see some magic for myself. And we'll show you plenty. After this. Well, all right. So, what is this? The beacon lets the Eject button on the lower-left there be pushed remotely. "Eject button"? If it gets pushed, the witch completely melts and dies. That's a bit hard to swallow... But I'll work under that assumption for now. Those "claws" keep it clamped tightly to the ring, eh? If you try to forcibly remove it, apparently a sensor will go off. Yes, I'd suspect as much. Do you think you can get it off? I'd like to use some hard X-rays first, to examine its structure. How much time do we have left? If they realize I've run away, it could be ejected at any second. Kana, do you have any visions? I don't, but it's not as if I can predict every death. If we're that out of time, shall we disable the sensor with liquid nitrogen and bet on using tools to try to force it off? That's way too risky! I'm fine with making that bet. Because now I won't die. Huh? Death doesn't make people vanish from this world. True death comes when they're forgotten by the living. I was never allowed to meet other witches, since there was a chance that I'd erase their memories. I've never had even a single friend. But if you all will live and remember me... I'm more than prepared to die here. That alone will make me more alive in death than I was in life. No, you can't! I mean... we'd be so sad if we lost you. We won't forget you, Nanami-Chan. But if you died right now... it would hurt so much when we thought of you. I don't want that. So, please, don't say you're fine with dying! Hey, girlie. Normally, someone just remembering you doesn't make you friends. Friendship comes when both sides like each other. Still... If you want friends that bad, I feel sorry for you. So I'll be your friend. M-m-me, too! I'd be so very honored if you'd be my friend! You've never had many friends, have you, Kotori? Th-th-there's no reason to bring that up! If you won't casually read or change our memories... Then I'll allow you to be my friend. Kinda full of yourself... Well, I, uh... It was always my idea that we should be friends, so... I thought if I made friends, I wouldn't care if I died... But I was wrong. Now, there's no way I feel okay about dying. I was so stupid. To take the cautious route, we should start with an X-ray. I'll call the university and have them get ready. Ah. Thank you. No! I can't wait for you any longer. Sever I can't wait for you any longer. Sever That idiot. Why did she run away? N-Nanami! Nananii. You will find No. 1107. If you do, I'll give you a reward. What do you want? I... I want friends. Friends who'll never forget me, whose memories I won't have to erase. And... who'll remember me even after I've died. I got my reward. Thank you, everyone, for being my friends. This was... the best day of my... We couldn't save her. If all we could do was let her die, we should've sent her back to the lab! Eww, gross! What's all this goop? Disgusting! Kotori, can you clean it up? Huh? Forget it! Where would we even throw that away? The regular garbage spot is fine, right? You all... What are you saying?! About what? This stuff here? It's trash, right? Didn't you just say you were Nanami's friend?! Huh?! The heck are you on about? Who is this "Nanami"? Who are you talking about? I've never heard of her. No way... Don't tell me... She erased everyone's memories? But why? Why?! She was so scared everyone would forget her, yet... We'd be so sad if we lost you. It would hurt so much when we thought of you. No... No! I get it. I get it all. She pulled herself from their memories to keep them from feeling sad. Though she wanted friends that badly... Though she was so scared she'd be forgotten! That girl... Despite her own feelings, she chose not to make Kuroha and the others grieve! Wh-what's the matter, Murakami-san? Ah, jeez. What's he or yin' about? He really is weird. You don't have to be sad. N-Nanami? I'm sorry. I wrote my personality into your memory. Huh? It used a lot of your memory capacity. "Used" it?! I only know bits and pieces about the lab's secrets, but they've been written into your memory, so use them. When you said that you and I could be friends... I was very happy. To think, Nanami's actually living on inside me... What's going on? I feel... as if I've forgotten something important again. I can't stop myself from crying. But why? Nana... It's just like you said. You won't die. You're not dead. Murakami Everything that happened with Nanami feels like a dream. If only it were... Wanna come shopping with me after school, Neko? Sure. Sounds good. Think I should invite Kotori, too? Kuroha and the others really don't remember Nanami. But that's how Nanami wanted it. Okay, everyone! We've got the schedule for our final exams. Oh, right. We already have finals next week. Man! That's it, I quit! Math IT Man! That's it, I quit! Man! That's it, I quit! It's pointless for us to even study for these tests! Our pills run out in three weeks, and we'll all be dead anyway. I won't let you die. All we need is to get more pills. "Get more," indeed. No. I can't get discouraged, too. For starters, you were the ones who wanted to be high-school students, right? Wearing the uniform and going to school... that's just cosplay. Studying is what student life is about. Yeah, but still, without something to motivate us... I've got it! Huh? What is it? How about, those who do well on their tests go to the beach? The beach, huh? Nice! I think having a reward will make us all feel motivated. And there's nothing better in summer than the beach. Okay, fine. If you get above-average scores on the test, I'll take you to the beach. All right! Kana, you're not going to school, so you don't have to worry about it. I didn't really want to go to the beach anyway. Don't say that. We'll rent a wheelchair. Ah... I wanna hurry and go to the beach! This young body of mine feels positively feverish. Think you can help me out, Murakami? How about taking a cold bath? Kazumi-san, that's immoral! Saying such perverted things all the time... Well, unlike you all, I'm an adult. Huh? What are you saying? Well then, out of you all... Who's kissed someone? What kind of pointless question is that? What's this? So, none of you ever have? But I have kissed someone. Huh? Right, Murakami? Wh-what?! "Kissed"? What are you-? Kuroha, what are you doing?! That wasn't me! Don't lie! This is tough to say, but... I've never kissed anyone before. Come on! You already forgot, Murakami? Huh? What happened in Akihabara... K-Kazumi, stop lying! It's not a lie. We kissed at the maid café, right? Y-you mean that indirect kiss? Hey! Jeez, Kazumi, what's the big idea?! Well, I'm not lying, am I? But you... You didn't even remember, did you? I was pretty happy about it, but... You didn't feel the same way, huh? I swear... Where did Kuroha go? And why did she have to get so mad? La la la, I'm not sad at all! I could care less about who indirectly kisses whom! An "indirect kiss" isn't even a kiss at all. I don't car at all! I really, absolutely don't care about any of it... She cares about it in a big way. But why is she so worked up? Whatever. I should head back before she notices me. S-sorry. I didn't mean to spy on you. I didn't hear anything... I really, absolutely didn't hear anything! And so, all I did was have a bite of Kazumi's rice omelet. Look, I don't care about that. Don't say any more! I've been yelling so much that now I'm thirsty... I have this, if you want some. Th-thank you. Huh? Murakami-kun drank out of this? I don't care about this at all... What's wrong? If you like to sing, you wanna go do karaoke? Huh? What's "karaoke"? You've done karaoke, right? With those guys from class. Huh?! Uh, yeah! Yes, I did. We carried those keys, huh? Still, it's not my favorite... She forgot it happened. If she's unlucky, she'll even lose the memories that she shouldn't. In the same way, will she one day... forget me? Wait! Murakami-kun? Murakami-kun! What is it? Murakami-kun? Murakami-kun... No, I can't eat any more. I'm sorry... Kotori-Chan? Spring Water Modern Japanese II 50 Minutes Dude, they're posting our scores today, right? Yeah, sure are. Huh?! Like I said, if I'm number two in our grade, will you give me just one thing you have right now? But why number two? You're bound to be number one, right? Well then? What is it you want? I want your... virginity. Quit screwing with me! You're just gonna throw it away, right? It's not like it's all that! This is why I've worked so hard! Your virginity is mine, Murakami. No. 1: Class 2-3 Neko Kuroha No. 2: Class 2-3 Ryota Murakami No. 3: Class 2-3 Kazumi Schlierenzauer No. 1: Class 2-3 Neko Kuroha No. 2: Class 2-3 Ryota Murakami No. 3: Class 2-3 Kazumi Schlierenzauer N-Neko came first?! No.1: Class 2-3 Neko Kuroha No. 2: Class 2-3 Ryota Murakami No. 3: Class 2-3 Kazumi Schlierenzauer I'm second'?! No way... I came in third? Dude, Murakami's not in the top. Yeah... So then... If Kuroha didn't lose her memories, she would be crazy smart, huh? Come to think of it, I think Kuroneko had good grades, too. You're number one! Maybe you should ask Murakami-san for something, too. Huh?! I-in that case... I'd also like one virginity. You don't even know what you're saying, do you? Well, I can't help it if I lost to you on points. You remember that other promise, right? Yeah. Of course I remember. This is great! Let's all have fun today! Kotori, you actually shouldn't have come because you failed. You're only here because you groveled. Well, come on! Leaving me at home all alone... That's far too tragic! Those boobs are about to pop out. Kuroha's clothes make them look smaller than they are... Kuroha, you're looking at the ocean and crying again? It's your second time. Shouldn't you be used to it by now? Y-yeah... Murakami. Well? What do you think of me in a bikini? Uh, all I can think is she's got no boobs- You were thinking I didn't have any boobs, weren't you? I only thought it! I didn't say it! So you did think that! Floating like this feels really good. Sure does. Kuroha! Where are you? Thank goodness. You got washed somewhere you can stand. Huh? Boobs! Your boobs are showing! Your swimsuit! What happened to it? Dammit. I should have checked for the moles back there. What is this? I feel all fuzzy... Right now, we're all happy, aren't we? Without a doubt. This is happiness. Simply being alive ain't enough to make you feel so happy, huh? I see. I'm so happy right now. Murakami-kun, thank you. I want to come back someday, all of us, like this. I hear you. Let's come back. For sure. What was that? Use Valkyria? Yes. If we put an S-rank like Valkyria out there, there's no way we could control her! There is little time left. With Valkyria's magic, we could recover No. 1107 without fail. We know that, of course. But the risk is too great. We'll have her work in a team. Seven loyal, A-rank witches with defensive and repressive magic will monitor her. She will at no point leave our control. Forget it. I can't approve this. It's too late. I took the initiative and sent her out. I will bear full responsibility. Your life alone won't be enough to make amends for this. I'm aware of that. I haven't been outside in so long. It's so refreshing! You all think so too, right? Ah! Oh, no. I've already killed them all... Kagayaku hoshi miagete Itsumo akogareteta naa Ashita o yume minagara Koi o shite mitari Nai mono nedari de Shiawase wa hito sorezore to Oshiete kureteta ne Sonna Kimi ga Suki de... Ne... Watashi wa ima koi ni ochita Ichibanboshi onegai shita Douka Kimi to Itsumo issho ni irareru you ni Watashi wa ima Hajimete shiru Koi wa setsunai Kurushiku naru Demo ai wa tottemo Hora Atatakai mono nanda 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 