Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e1 - Mountain Fortress - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 1 - Mountain Fortress - full transcript 
 Cheyenne and Smitty are in the desert making maps when they spot Shoshone smoke signals. They take to high ground where they are met by Bob Manson and his gang. They have spotted the signals too and are taking refuge on the huge rock fortress. When a stage coach comes under attack Cheyenne, Smitty and Manson's men fight off the Indians but Manson reveals his true intentions and robs the coach. Soon the coach is followed by a party of soldiers and everyone finds themselves on the rock waiting for a Shoshone attack. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That's the second one today. What do you think? We'd better get to some high ground. If there's a way up there- We'll find it. I like a barber for my haircuts. What's the matter? Somebody rode this way, Smitty. Maybe not more than a half an hour back. Injuns? No, white men. Their horses were shod. Buenos d?as, amigos. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ?Qu? tal? Buenos d?as, se?or. What do you do here, huh? I might ask you the same question, amigo. The Indians. I saw their signals. I come here, wait for the night to come. Now, maybe you'll tell me your business, huh? It's no secret. I scout this country. He draws it up on little pieces of paper. When we get to a settlement, we put them all together, and we got a map. Sabe? You, uh, alone? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 S?, I like very much to be alone. So you go, yes? You own this part of the country? No, se?or. It is too big for me. Why don't the rest of you come out. Easy, Perado. It's all right. I'm sorry, mister, but with those Shoshones kicking up we didn't wanna take any chances. We look like Shoshones? No, not close up, but down there... Oh, I've seen Indians pull tricks before. Let 'em by, Perado. My name's Manson. Who are you? You must be new in these parts, Mr. Manson. So? This here is Cheyenne. So you're Cheyenne Bodie. As long as we're getting acquainted, why don't you ask the rest of your friends to join the party. All right boys, come on out. This is Stew Davis. Stew, this is Cheyenne. I heard... but I didn't catch this other gentleman's name. My name's Smith, mister. Smitty Smith. You can call me Mr. Smith. Don't get smart. You gotta excuse Stew, Mr. Smith. He don't cotton none to Yankees. Yankee? Me? I'm a Texan. That makes you one of the human race, I reckon. Sorry, Mr. Smith. Quite a crowd. Yeah, ain't it. You see, we were on our way to Mexico. Perado here has got him a rancho below the border, but no cash. Well, me and my friends were aiming to supply the cash, get some cattle, and that's it. Manson, there's another one! If you're not familiar with the country, I wouldn't advise travelin' south. Or any direction, as long as the Shoshones are out there. Oh, you know this country, huh? It's my business. Maybe you can get us through, past those Injuns. I've done it before. Well, maybe you could do it again. Maybe. But not right now. Fort Kermus is waiting on Smitty's drawings. Ferman Pass is a little out of our way. Yeah, and, uh, I'm almost out of pencil. Well, we'd pay you to scout us through. We're already being paid. You ain't a bit friendly, are you? When I've got time for it, I'm real friendly. Right now, I've gotta- Manson! Manson! Maybe we better take a look. What do you make of it, Cheyenne? Looks like the stage from Valance Point to Kermus. Yeah, but what's all that dust kicking up behind? Yeah, that's not just the wind doing that. It's clearing up a little more. I can make it out. Those smoke signals weren't foolin'. You don't mean the Shoshones? Shoshones, bah. Bunch of farmers. Do not sell them short, Plank. Oh, I might show off a little in front of their squaws. Them squaws is gonna be mighty proud of them tonight. They're attacking the stage. It don't look too good, does it? You think we ought to lend them a hand? I don't figure we got any choice. All right, boys, let's go down there. Mount up. Smitty, see about the driver. What about that bunch that got away? S?, they gonna bring back some more. It's too late to worry about 'em now. Cheyenne. You all right, driver? Get the woman out. Woman? Woman! He's right, there is a woman in here. Anything busted anyplace, ma'am? It's all right now, miss. You hurt, ma'am? Feel better? Come on. Easy. Easy, ma'am. Was anybody else with you, ma'am? No, just the guards. They were killed. The situation is, uh, how you say? She's a complicate, huh, Manson? It'll clear up. Cheyenne. Take off your hardware. You, too, Smith. You have ears, se?or. Go on. Plank, bust it open. All right, back on the rock. You know, I've been roped into lots of deals in my life, but there ain't none to equal this. You know, it was real nice of us to help Manson rob that stagecoach. What else could we do? I was tellin' the fellas, if somebody'd give me a hand on that busted wheel, me and my passengers would be on our way. Might be a couple of big, fat drawbacks to that. Yeah, that's what I thought. Nobody leaves this rock till I tell them to. And when do you think that'll be? Just as soon as those smoke signals die out. And that's where you come in. Perado. You figure it five days to the border? S?, five. Maybe, six. It will be never. You wanna make a bet? Sure is a nice feller. You all right, miss? Yes. I'm sorry I went to pieces. But those Indians... Those vicious savages. Well, the Indians think we're the savages, miss. That doesn't give them the right to murder innocent people. They're only fighting for what's theirs. The Shoshones used to live in the high country. Rivers, plenty of game, good soil. We pushed them right down into the desert. And now, we taking even that away from them. How can you defend them after what they just did? I'm not defending them. I'm just explaining them. My mother and father were killed by Indians, yet the Cheyenne raised me like one of their own. I- I haven't even thanked you for what you did for me. How'd you happen to be traveling alone in Shoshone territory? I was on my way to Fort Kermus. My- My fianc?'s there. He's expecting you? Yes, I wrote to him. He knew I was to be on this stage. Is there any way I can let him know that I'm safe? Won't need to. I figure you'd pick the kind of man that'd come lookin' for you. What you thinkin'? Lady's got herself a soldier at Fort Kermus. What time were you due there, driver? 'Bout an hour ago. You folks ain't polite. Talkin' so we can't hear you. Joe's talkin' about the patrol that's gonna come lookin' for that stagecoach. I figured on that. That's why we're clearin' out of here tonight. Well, what makes you think it's safe to travel at night? Well ain't these Indians got a superstition that the great spirit can't find them if they get knocked over at night? I wouldn't count on it. All War Cloud has to do is tell them it's more practical to fight at night, and they fight at night. A man that knows the Indians as well as you do can come in mighty handy. You can get us through. I don't like the job. And when I don't like a job, I turn it down. I seen men like you before. You got what they call honor. Well, honor can get you real dead. Killing me won't get you to Mexico. No, killing you wouldn't do any good. So I'm gonna put the lady's life in your hands. Now, you wouldn't want anything to happen to her, now, would you? No, I don't think you would. Not a man with honor. So you'll lead us out of here tonight. And when we get to the border? You can turn around and head back. Now, you're a mapmaker. Show us how you aim to save the lady. This is the rock we're on. Fort Kermus lies 18 miles to the north, up this valley. Here's a smoke signal. Here's another. War Cloud's fighters are all the way between these two points. And here's a pass heading west. You gotta go through it to get to Mexico. If you can get through at all. Course, the sensible thing to do would be to head north. Make a run for the fort. The Shoshones won't get too close to civilization. That's the way! Shut up. That'd be real smart of me, now, wouldn't it? Walking right into the law. Well, take your pick of routes. They're all scouted out for you. We're still heading for Mexico. Manson. You're forgetting one thing. What's that? Those Shoshones that got away when we attacked. By now, they're close to their main lodge. They'll be back with the rest. Before night? Maybe. Them Injuns ain't dumb. They ain't gonna figure us for holing out up here, when we could've made it to Fort Kermus. I'm worried. I don't think Manson's gonna let us go when we get him through the pass. I never thought he would. I suppose you're thirsty? A little. Why are you looking at me like that? 'Cause you're pretty, ma'am. Manson. The patrol. There's four of 'em. Gimme that thing. Lieutenant, Shoshones, sir. If that patrol picks up our trail, they'll walk right into Manson's hands. And he won't think twice about wiping them out. Ain't there any way we can warn them? Well, we can try. Been more than Indians here. Look at these tracks. White men. How many? Well, it looks like enough to give them savages a good mixing to. Then Joan might be safe. Looks like they headed for that rock. That'd be a good place to hole up. Come on. Perado, Plank, Stew. That blue-bellied patrol comes up here, start shootin'. Take your places. Manson. You wanna get to the Mexican border, don't you? You'll see to that. Look, Cheyenne, there's a rope waiting for me and my bunch, and we don't care much how we keep our necks out of it. I meant what I said about you being responsible for that girl's life. Manson, I'll make you a deal. You ain't in any spot to make any deals. Maybe I am. How do you know I'll lead you to the border? How do you know I won't lead you into a trap? The first sign of it, and that girl gets killed. And so do you and your men. You need me. I give you my word that if you don't kill those men, I'll see that you get to the border. You made a deal, Cheyenne. No shootin' unless I give the word. And bring that girl here. Get down, Spotty. Get down. Here they come. Best Yankee bait in the world's a Yankee girl. Joan. You two men stay here and keep your eyes open. Oh, Brad. Brad. You got here pretty quick, lieutenant. I don't understand. How did you get-? Well, she was unconscious when we found her. The Indians left her for dead. There's been more than just three of you here. They saved my life, Brad. You- You might at least thank them. I'm sorry. I'm grateful. Signal the men to come up. Drop your guns, blue-bellies. Manson. Just behave yourself, lieutenant, and nobody'll get hurt. Brad, I had to. They would've killed you. Blue-belly asked for that. Don't nobody else try it. Better do as he says, lieutenant. Come on, sergeant. Let's go. There must be something we can do. Not now. What are you figuring? We sit here and let Manson do what he wants? Well, I'll tell you, lieutenant. Just as long as Manson's got all the guns, I'm real content to sit quiet. Well, I'm not. There's no use getting riled up, lieutenant. That isn't gonna solve anything. When's another patrol due to leave the fort? Tomorrow morning, probably. Well, won't they miss you before then? No. I wasn't due back until late tonight. Well, that won't do us any good. Manson'll have us moved out by then. Where's Miss Carter? Up there. What do you intend doing with her? Ask Cheyenne. He knows- Lieutenant's asking you! Don't try anything, Yankee. Another fool move like that, and you won't get a chance to leave this rock. Now, get saddled. We're riding out of here as soon as it gets dark. You figure Manson's gonna let Miss Carter go when we reach the border? He can't afford to leave anybody behind that knows where he went. Lieutenant! Back sooner than I expected. You think they know we're up here? You tracked us. You figure that's all of 'em? Hard tellin'. We gotta get out of here, now. Now? You can think of more ways to get a man buried. Shut up. If we can get out of here while those Injuns are busy, we'll make it. How 'bout it? Well, why ask me? You'll do what you want to, anyway. Back to the top. Soon as those Injuns pull out, we'll try it again. Use your head, Manson. Indians don't pull out, not for good. They're all around this rock. Well, that means they're calling their friends, don't it? You think they'll hit us tonight? As long as those drums are beatin', you got nothin' to worry about. I thought you'd like something to eat, Miss Carter. I don't think so. I'm not hungry. It surely makes me feel bad, ma'am, to bring you just sow belly and beans. If only we just had some greens. Doesn't matter. Well, I know it ain't much. I-i-if you'd only try some. No, I'm really not hungry. This here's the second time I got humiliated by sow belly and beans. It just ain't lucky for me, I guess. W-when was the other time? I-it was the time I put my dinner on a skillet lid and took it to General Lee with my own hands. Where was this? It was just before Gettysburg, and this bunch of officers comes along and stops. As the horses parted, there was General Lee, sitting atop his gray horse. I-I don't remember how come that skillet lid got into my hand, but there was me at Lee's stirrup, offering it up. A-and he took the skillet lid in his hand, and- A-and he sat looking at it like... Like he didn't know what it was. And I says, "I'm surely sorry we ain't got no greens, sir." And he looks at me square in the eye, and he says, "It's elegant." And o-one thing frets me often... You know, I-I never gave him no knife to eat them beans. Come on, Spot. He likes you. He don't usually cotton to Yankees. I wonder how long the drums will beat. Why don't you go down and ask them. S?. Hey, you make a joke with Perado, huh? That'll be all right. If I hadn't insisted upon coming out here, none of this would've happened. Don't say that. Two years is a long time. You begin to forget how much you love someone until you see them again. I've been waiting to hear you say that. Anything yet? No, nothing but noise. They must think we got an army holed up, here. This here's gonna be quite a gathering. Just yesterday, I thought this was the most beautiful country I'd ever seen. It'll be that way again after this is all over. Not to me. Never. Time does a lot. After you and the lieutenant are married, you'll forget this ever happened. I never thought I'd envy a soldier. There m-must be a girl somewhere who feels the same way about you. She'd be waiting. I know. Maybe. They'll be pouring in on us in a little while. Those drum beats are building up to a stop. I wish them things would stop a-studying on me. That's what I hate about them buzzards. They anticipate too much. Yeah. I wish there was some way we- We could get you out of here. Here they come. I want our guns. Get back over there. I thought you had a little more sense, Manson. Giving you a gun makes sense? Look, the enemy's out there. Not you and me. We'll be fighting to save our skins. I'm going after the guns. Go ahead, shoot. Every man you lose now means that much less chance of you saving your own hide. Stew. Yeah? Give them their guns back. What do you think? We can probably hold them off if we have enough ammunition. This rock is like a fortress. We won't have to defend the back side at all. Nobody can make it up there. But if I know War Cloud, he'll make a big fuss about attacking the trail, but he'll try to scale the north side too. Well, then, we'd better cover the trail. That's what War Cloud would like. All you need is your two best marksmen down there. The rest of us will defend the north side. Plank, Perado. Cover the trail. Take cover along this front, and don't waste any shots. When they start coming up, we'll pour it on them. Well, you heard him. Get goin'. I wish there was someplace to go. Lieutenant, you'd better stay with the lady. There they are. Never thought I'd be fighting alongside a Yankee. Can't hardly believe it. Consider yourself lucky, Reb. Spotty, get down. Get down, Spotty. Holy smokes. They're bringing up ladders. The Indians, they're coming up the back way. Hold your fire. They're pulling back. Call your men off the trail. Plank, Perado. Next time they try, they'll storm the top. We gotta get out. We got nowhere to go. Maybe not. But we can get her out of this alive. I'll ride down the trail with some men to draw them off. You and the lieutenant can get out then. You can ride toward Fort Kermus, and maybe you'll meet the patrol. Nobody's leaving here. Maybe I leave, huh? We'll all die, anyway. I'd like to think the se?orita live. Shut up, Perado. Kiley knows the way to the fort. He can ride with Miss Carter. No, Brad. When do we start? We'll wait for the second attack. When they're off their horses, we'll start out. They're off their horses. Let's go. I said nobody's leavin' here. But we will leave, amigo. Drop the gun. Now we go, s?? Get started. Kiley, when we break through that west end, you and Miss Carter cut across and head for the fort. What'll happen to you? Nothing that wouldn't've happened, anyway. What you aiming to do with that Confederate flag, Stew? I'm fixing to plant this in a piece of ground. I'm aiming to stay in this country. Here, hold this. Thought we was going to Mexico. Will you please keep an eye on Spotty, ma'am? All right. Let's go! I think we can make it now, ma'am. There's no way out. Except the way we came in. Let's go. Hyah! Lieutenant, look. Let's get out of here. Hyah! Hyah! Will you be staying at the fort long enough for our wedding? Well, I'm afraid not. Smitty and I will turn in our drawings, and take off on a new assignment. But we'll see you again? Well, it's hard telling. The west is a pretty big place. Yeah... but an Army lieutenant's wife does an awful lot of travelin'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 