Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e5 - The Outlander - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Outlander - full transcript 
 Cheyenne rides into Paradise Springs the town of friendly people. When he's greeted with fists instead and has to stand trial, he finds the judge's wife knows more than she's telling but he remembers her too but doesn't know why. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Howdy. I'd like some food. I been on the trail since sunup. Know just what you mean. No, I mean something solid. Fill the hole behind my belt. This bottle's got just the food there is. Cleans your liver, brightens the eyes, washes down the dust. Sustains man and boy- Got some eggs, beef, some bread, maybe? Oh, I got it, if you've a mind to ruin your digestion. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Will you feed standin' or sittin'? Oh, I'll take a seat over there. Before you easy your feet, would you mind reading that. Hate to ask a trailin' man to undress this way, but maybe that heavy food would set better without that gun weightin' you down. Judge Culver's ruling's bought peace- No, I don't mind. I'm sure hungry. Nice gun you got there. Reminds me of the gun I used 10, 12 years ago fighting those- I sure am hungry. Something, boys? Not now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I guess that's him. Kinda big, ain't he? Maybe, he's just big on the outside. Well, the signboard said it was a friendly little town. Your name Cheyenne? People I've known a while call me that. Other folks call me Mr. Bodie. Passing through? Depends. On what? I heard there were jobs up this way. You come to offer me one? I come to offer you a way outta town. There's four roads you can take. You get to pick the one you like best. Good coffee. You finished it. You bet be moving along. Why? Because I tell you. I don't know you, mister. No need to. You won't be around long enough to use my name. Before it gets dark, pick your road out. Bartender, got any more of that coffee? Good evening. Well, you ready to take in the town? Maybe. That's the only bar, right there. Judge Culver figures there's only one needed. But if you'd like to play a little poker, there's always a game going on down at the firehouse. What's my bill? If you have a taste for pretty- How much do I owe you for the room and the bathtub? Well, let me see. That's 50 cents a night for the room. You figurin' on staying longer? Might. Uh, that's two dollars for the room by the week, and five cents for the tub of water. You goin' down to take a little seat in the poker game? Right no I'm going down to the stable. See if my horse is bedded down proper. Oh, it will, you don't have to worry about that there. Old Jim's the best stableman and horseman in these parts. You know, I never will forget the time when me and him was down on that river down- Tell me something. Yeah, go right ahead and ask me, son. You any kin to the barkeep in there? Now, how'd you happen to guess that? There's sort of a family resemblance...in the voices. Well, we're brothers. I never will forget the time me and him was headed toward Indian country... Stableman? Got my pony bedded down? Guess you didn't hear me. Maybe that's your trouble, Bodie. Guess you didn't hear me say for you to leave town. Now, listen, mister, I think maybe you'd better start- Did we get the idea over to you this time? Get him outta here. I'll get the horse. Get up, there. Used to wait till Saturday night to get that drunk. Get up. Here's his gun. It's empty. Turn around and look at me. I know what you look like. I'll remember. I said, turn around. You wanted a job? Your job is to get on that road and stay on it. Don't come back to Prairie Springs. I'm not serving no more meals, mister. It's kinda quiet today. Yeah, not much business. I mean you. Better turn that gun into me if you have a mind to stay a while. I'm not staying that long. Just long enough to find out who that crowd was yesterday. You know 'em? You're really awful quiet. Look, young fella, why don't you ride on outta here. I wanna hear some of your stories. I didn't listen much yesterday. Who were they? It won't do no good. You like to talk, and today I'm listenin'. I guess you'd find out, anyway. The name's MacDonald. The boys with him were Dark and Jason. A couple of fellas from around town. Mac works for Judge Culver. The peace-loving judge? Yes, sir. He's a good man, the judge. MacDonald's the ramrod of the outfit. Bad boy in many ways, but a good foreman. Where'll I find him? Oh, around the judge's ranch, mostly. Where's that? Oh, any old which way. The judge owns all the land around about. Owns most of the town too. The ranch house, which way to that? Oh, take that road headin' east. Big place. Can't miss it. I remember when the judge built the place. That was before he was judge, of course. Hang on to him, Clive. Let's go, Clive. Get him. Show those Percy boys. Come on. Stay up there, boy. Come on, there. MacDonald, I came to pay you back. You always need help, don't you? I don't fight toe to toe with...saddle tramps. MacDonald. Hello, judge. When my foreman brawls with a stranger, I wanna know why. This drifter braced me in town yesterday. He wanted a job. Told him we didn't have any. Didn't take no for an answer. Tried to get ugly. Paid him no mind and walked away. Mm, and why this? I don't know. He rode up, pulled me off the top rail and started flailin'. Just trouble-huntin', I guess. That's why I gave him no job. He looked like trouble from the rake of his gun belt. You come here wanting to fight, disturbing the peace, trespassing without call. It took us a few years to clean out your type. We don't want gunfighters or fist fighters around Prairie Springs. Take his gun and move him to the sheriff's office. Well, hold on, don't I get my say? Go on, say it, then. Your foreman's a liar. Is that all of it? I said he was a liar. What more? I came to this town lookin' for work. I didn't get a chance to ask for any. He tried to run me out of town. Him and a couple more. Never saw a drifter yet that didn't have a mean temper and a lying tongue. That's enough. You can tell your story at the trial. Dana, what was that all about outside? Oh, just some drifter taking his mad out on Mac. It's nothing. The territorial commissioner is waiting in the parlor. Now, I know, but you'll have to be nice to him. Sometimes I think a man like the one the boys are carting off to jail is worth more than a big fraud like the commissioner. Maybe so, but he can't be treated with the same kind of approach. Big frauds, important frauds, must be handled gently. You know, you're a little bit of a fraud yourself. First, you gentle me into changing my ways. Then I gotta clean up the town, sit on the bench. Now you got me feeding sugar to a mangy buffalo like him. Sometimes you have to speak soft to a bad horse so he'll carry you where you wanna go. You might be able to ride the commissioner right into the governor's mansion. You'd be able to help everybody in the territory then. You just stay close to me and show me the way. Right this minute, the way is through that door. Feed him sugar, Dana. Well, Bentley, glad to see you. How are things at the capitol? Hey, Hoyt. Your bailiff outfit's gettin' a little tight. It ain't the outfit. It's me. All right, let's everybody sit yourself down. Now, just 'cause we ain't got no courthouse, ain't a sign that this ain't no courtroom. And if you haven't turned in your gun at the door yet, you better do it. Because if I spot anybody carrying a gun, gets a contempt of this here court and a fine. You gonna collect it? That'll be two dollars right off. Now, y'all come in here to see how the law is handed out and get out of the hot sun. So shut up. This here court is now in session. Jessie, bring on the prisoner. Since you didn't bring no legal advice, the court's assigned me to do your talkin'. Fine. Everybody, up on your feet. Judge Culver presiding. Everybody, sit. This what they call the law here? You're bringing the charges against me. Now you're telling me you're trying the case too? The prisoner better get off his feet and in his chair. The accused can ask to be held over for jury trial if he wants to. That'll be the first of the month. That means sittin' in your jail for almost three weeks. Well, there's one alternative. Now, this court wishes to be just and lenient. Because of the unusual circumstances behind the bringing of the charges, the court will allow the prisoner to waive trial upon his promise to leave Prairie Springs within the hour. That's just what your foreman and his friends wanted in the first place, isn't it? It's a good offer, boy. You better take it. No, thanks. Well, then, you just better go ahead with the trial that's already started. You wait for a new judge or a jury, you'll be around here for quite a spell. Culver's a fair man. You'll get a fair shake. Your Honor, we'd like to go ahead with this trial. The trial will proceed. This here man, Cheyenne Bodie, is charged with trespassin' and startin' a fight for no call or reason, and, generally, kickin' the peace of this town around. Now, the first witness will be- Uh, what's your given name, Mac? George. George MacDonald will be the first witness. Stick out hour hand, Mac. Put it on the Good Book. Do you swear to tell the truth? Say "I do," and sit down. Sure. All right, tell your side of it, Mac. It's like I told you, judge. This fella swung on me for no reason at all. I was sittin' on a rail, watching... Then they loaded me into a wagon. Rode me out of town and told me to keep going. Who were the two other men? I don't know their names. But they're sitting over there by the window. Only time I ever seen him was in the bar, when he asked Mac for a job. Now, you just hush up your mouth. If got anything to say, just step up on the chair. Why? I come to this court like a good citizen to see- We'll find out if there's any reason for you to step up here. Had you ever met MacDonald, Dark or Jason before? Not to my rememberin'. And yet they attacked you without a cause? That's the way of it. You must admit, that story is rather hard to believe. I tell you judge... I wouldn't much believe it, either. It's got me real puzzled. That's why I'm still here and not on the trail out of Prairie Springs. Well, perhaps you should've accepted the offer to leave town. In view of the evidence, I'm afraid I'll have to find you guilty and sentence you to- Hold it, Dana. What is it, John? I just wanted to say that the boy is telling the truth. It's MacDonald that be the liar. You can take your seat. Will you be sworn in, John? Sure. Put your hand on the Good Book. You swear to tell the truth? Yes. Say "I do," and sit down. The stranger passed by last night just while we were closing up. He headed toward the livery. My youngster and I go home the same way. While we were passin', I saw three men tossing another man into a wagon. A big man like him. I didn't connect it at the time. I figured it was just another drunked-up cowhand. But if figures out now. Now, don't you go holding this court in contempt. You just sit until you hear the rest of this stuff. What do you say now, MacDonald? Just what I said before, judge. You see this trailer walk by. You see a cowboy tossed in a wagon a few minutes later. That don't prove nothin'. Gives a lot of reason for doubt. In view of John's testimony, the case against Cheyenne Bodie is dismissed. And I move to charge MacDonald, Dark and Jason with battery, kidnapping and perjury. The court recognizes those charges. And sets trial for tomorrow, noon. Put those men under arrest. Deliver this...now. This court is now recessed. Thanks. When you find out why, tell me. It'll make a good story for the paper. Mr. Bodie. It seems we called you names and caused you some trouble. I'm sorry. I'd like to make it up to you. I hate to see a man leave Prairie Springs with a bad taste in his mouth. Still looking for work? I gotta earn my keep while I'm here. How about a job on my ranch? You sure change your mind awful fast. One man speaks, and I'm guilty. Another man speaks, and I'm clean as a fresh-washed pony. John's word is beyond question. But not your foreman's? The evidence shows he's lying. His trial may tell why. Meantime, you have a job if you want it. You wouldn't just be looking to keep an eye on me, would you? Bodie, in Prairie Springs, I can keep an eye on you wherever you are. Well, you have the offer. Make up your mind. Hold on. I just want you to know that I figure the answer might be lying around your spread somewhere. You could be hiring a man that'll hurt you. Not unless I have somethin' to be hurt by. And I haven't. Coming? Why not? Come in a minute. Come in. Cora. Cora? Yes? Oh, there you are, dear. Will you join us? Ramona, tell Abel to come in here. Cora, I'd like you to meet Mr. Bodie. Mr. Bodie, my wife. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. A pleasure, Mr. Bodie. Forgive me, but aren't you the man who-? Yes, Mr. Bodie had the argument with Mac. In court today, I found reason to drop the charges. I'm very glad for you. Thank you, ma'am. Mr. Bodie, I wanted you to meet my wife because, in a way, you have her to thank for the justice of the trial. Oh, Dana. True. Before I married Cora, a case like yours would've been handled much faster and rougher. Must have been a lot of innocent men hurt that way. I'm afraid so. But we've changed that now. Come in. Oh, Abel. This is Cheyenne Bodie. He's gonna ride with us for a while. Show him his bunk and his job. Yes, sir. Any questions, come to me. Any? Thanks. Mrs. Culver. You ain't mad about yesterday? I mean, me and the boys didn't know what was going on or nothing when we pulled you off Mac. I got plenty of anger inside me. I just don't know which way it's pointed. I just wanted you to know. Sure. Dana. Yes, dear? If Mr. Bodie was right, who was wrong? Well, it looks like Mac was. Maybe we'll find out why at the trial tomorrow. Trial? Yes, I had to put him in jail. He's faced with a couple of felony charges. Also, assault and battery. I don't understand it. Mac's always been loyal and honest. Yes, he has, but it looks like he broke the law, and he'll have to stand for it. I know that, but- Well, he's been with us for so long. Don't you think we owe him something? I mean, a better chance than a cold legal procedure. It's difficult, Cora. After all, I'm the man who tries MacDonald. And I also pay his wages. You can't just turn your back on him. People understand what friendship is. I think they'd be surprised if you didn't give him a chance to speak to you. Well, I'd like to talk to him, but- No one will blame you. I'll go too. All right, Cora. I'll have a team harnessed. I'll just get my cape and be right with you. All right, dear. Howdy, judge, Mrs. Culver. Hello, Fred. We wanna see MacDonald. Yes, sir. I'm just visiting as a friend. You better stay with us. Yes, sir. Hello, Mac. Nice of you to come to see me, judge. We came to talk to you. Perhaps we can help. Cora thought we owed you a chance to explain, off the record. Well, thanks, Mrs. Culver. But there's nothing to explain. Mac... You don't beat up another man and try to run him out of town for no reason. Sounds like you've already tried the case, judge. No, I haven't, Mac, but I'm gonna try it. I'm also your friend, and I'd like to help you. I got nothin' to say. The way it looks now, you're guilty. If you won't talk at the trial, I'll have to find you guilty and sentence you. I don't think you'll do that, judge. We're still your friends, Mac. But if you won't talk, Dana will have to do what seems right to him. Maybe. But I figure, one reason why the judge won't sentence me is, well... Because you won't have the chance to try. Don't touch it, Fred. Hey, Mac's breakin'. Open this door, Mac. Stay around, keep the folks company. Hey. What are ya doin'? Let's us outta here. Come back here. It was all my fault, Dana. I suggested coming to see him. No one will blame you. I know, dear. I'm just wondering what that new cowhand will have to say. I just been to town. Talked to the jailer. You got a better story than the one he tells? Looks pretty bad, doesn't it? You come into the cell, and MacDonald goes out. Yeah, it's an unfortunate coincidence. I don't much believe in coincidence. He would've pulled that gun on anyone who opened the door for him. Cora and I happened to be the ones, that's all. Why you wanna keep him from trial? I don't. I guess you'll believe I do. Wouldn't you? I'm offering you my word that I had nothing to do with MacDonald's escape. I don't know you that well. Still wanna work for me? More than ever. I'd like to stay and find out if your word is worth the sound. I've made a lot of allowances for you. Maybe too many. You've given me a lot of reasons to wonder. An innocent man is allowed some anger when his honesty is questioned. Yeah, I seemed to remember being a little annoyed myself. A man builds a ranch spread wide as the county, owns a town, speaks the law and looks to bigger things. I'd figure, on the way, there were things he might want kept hid. Maybe I got the key to something. I don't know how or what. Maybe when Mac gets back, I'll find out. What makes you think he'll come back? This ranch is the lodestar to all of it. He'll be back. I'll be here. You're not very polite, Mr. Bodie. Sorry, but... there's something about you. Just now, I thought I remembered you from somewhere. And do you? No, I guess not. Psst, over here. Thanks for the gun. Why did you come here? The gun was empty. If somebody had thrown down on me, it wouldn't have been much help. I was afraid- I know, afraid for your husband. You're a good wife. I guess a girl like you does know how to please a man. You better leave. You better get out of here. Now, why should I run off? I got nothing to fear. The trial. Oh, I don't mind a few months in a workhouse. I might not even get that after I speak my piece. Please leave. Sure. First, I thought you'd like to give me something to show your appreciation for what I've done. For what you've done. I didn't ask you to beat him up, run him out of town. Why did you do it? I had something I wanted to keep. Now I've lost it anyhow. And I want a payoff in cash. I've been paying you for years. There's no more to give. There's plenty more, and I get it. Or the judge won't be taking you to live in the capitol, 'cause he won't be goin'. I tell you, I haven't anymore money. The judge has. A safe choked with it. He must have 5000 in paper and a quarter of that in gold. And you know the combination. You expect me to rob my own husband? Not rob, honey. Just pay for his happiness. I can't do it. Meet me in the old stables in a half an hour with the money. No, wait- Or I turn myself in and start talkin'. That was MacDonald. You're the one wanted me run out of town and had me beat up. No. Cora? Please let me go. When I get the answers I want. I had nothing to do with what happened to you. The beating, I mean. Cora? Keep talkin'. Let me go now. I'll tell you the rest in the morning. Cora? There you are, dear. I missed you. I couldn't sleep. I-I took a walk. Without me? W-well, you were busy. You're trembling. No, I'm just out of breath. I went too far, I guess. Nothing's happened to upset you? Nothing. Cora. I don't like being alone. Wherever you go, take me with you. Wherever I go, I do, Dana. Evenin', judge. Lookin' for someone? You. Well, you found me. Why? I'm not answering any more questions. I'm asking them. You were with my wife out here. Well, that's not a question. No, it isn't. I don't know what's between you and Cora, but... I'm beginning to think that Mac did. And what he did to you was to cover for her. Cover for what? That is a question. Then your wife and Mac know the answer. I want it from you, and I want it now. Well, just a minute. I'm the new man around here. Mac's been around for quite a spell. Maybe- Don't say it. Then you say it. There's nothing between them. Nothing but words, as far as I know. I didn't hear what they said, but I did see them. Here? Tonight? Maybe he came to thank her for puttin' that gun in his hand. You said maybe. That's the only thing that stops me from calling you a liar. Whatever stopped you, be glad you didn't. Don't press me. I've taken more from you than I've taken from any man. Because you let me think I'd had wronged you. In some way I couldn't know. It's kept me off balance, apologetic. But I'm through with that. Somebody's lying and has been... ever since you crossed my path. And you'd rather it was me than somebody else. I happen to trust my wife. You'll speak your piece in front of her. And I'll hear the truth. Then let's hear it. She's not in her room. That doesn't surprise me. Cora? Where did you go? To kill a man. No, Cora, you couldn't have. I didn't. Almost. He didn't see me. I could have. MacDonald? Why? You ask me that? Look at me. Take a good look. I'm looking, Mrs. Culver. Forget "Mrs. Culver." Forget how you see me now. Think of Montana. Think of cheap jewelry and cheap perfume. Montana. The Golden Horseshoe. That was a long time ago. But I remember now. Your hair was strawberry blond then. And there were six of us girls there. I should have realized you might not remember me. This house, being a judge's wife... They threw me off. You've changed, Kate. No, you can't change what you are. MacDonald knew that. He came from Montana, looking for Kate. And he found your wife. What did he want from you? Money. To forget the truth. So you see how I cheated you, Dana, right from the beginning. With a lie that I bought and paid for. And you believed me. You've had your answer. I wish I could change it. Anything more you want? One thing. Where's MacDonald now? He was waiting at the old stable for the money. By now, he's ridden into town to tell his story. It's over for us. If I go quickly, maybe it'll be easier for you. People forget. Or most of them do. No, I won't let you go. I've hurt you enough. Cora, nothing can hurt me as long as I have you. You think I'm proud of what I was. I ruled this range with guns. I killed to keep the settlers out. Now it's a place where people can live and grow and build. And you planted the seed for that in me. Didn't you hear what I said about Montana? Don't you understand? We've been man and wife for eight years. Don't you think I know what you really are? You think anything can change that? Cora, I need you... now more than ever. Oh, Dana. I got tired of waitin'. Easy, judge. I thought you were gonna turn yourself in? No, I'm not lookin' to tell stories. I'm lookin' for cash. She don't bring it, I come and get it. I told you I was through paying. I meant it. Kate's got a stubborn streak, judge. Always has had. You should've known her 10 years ago. Open that safe. Hurry up. Open it! Dana. You, open it. He's hurt. I mean now. MacDonald. Put the hammer down easy. Don't jar it. You shoot, I shoot. I don't think so. Let the hammer down gentle-like, and drop the gun on the floor. Your time's run out. Before I take you back to town, I owe you something. You all right, judge? Well, I've felt steadier. We heard shooting, judge. You all right? Yes, I'm all right. Mac's dead. He tried to rob my safe. Ride with a man six years and never know him at all. Oh, Cheyenne... What are your plans? I'll be moving on come morning. We owe you a lot. Won't you stay on with us and let us pay you? You don't owe me anything. We'll never forget you, Cheyenne. And I won't forget you, Mrs. Culver. Matter of fact, you remind me of someone I used to know. A girl named Kate. Died in Montana. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 