Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e3 - The Argonauts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Argonauts - full transcript 
 Cheyenne is heading north when he comes across two amateur prospectors Clancy and Duncan. Clancy has returned bringing Clancy to meet Lou Cramer who along with Clancy found a gold strike. However, they find Cramer dead with an arrow in his back. Cramer is the one who wrote down where the gold strike is but he has destroyed the map to it. They are in need of a guide into the mountains and Cheyenne agrees to help them find their mine as he recognizes Clancy's description of the site. Cheyenne, Clancy and Duncan travel to the mine and strike it rich. Soon greed and paranoia overwhelm Duncan and a wedge is driven between the partners. When a renegade band of Mescaleros must be contended with, Cheyenne strongly suggests they leave. Duncan grudgingly agrees so the three men leave with only burros as the Indians stole their horses plus nearly $30,000 each. Another band of Indians asks Cheyenne to help a sick white woman who is married to their Chief. He does leaving the other two men to continue with the gold. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, if there is any gold in those mountains, then how long's it been there? What? Well, millions and millions of years, hasn't it? So, what's our hurry? Another day, more or less, ain't gonna make much difference. Ah, we've lost more than two days already. Cramer will be gettin' anxious. Yeah, I'm gettin' kinda anxious myself. What, he still back there? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't see him, but he's still back there. Aw, what if he is? Don't mean he's followin' us. No? Well, look, it was no secret in town when we bought this outfit. And any idiot could have guessed why. Ah, maybe you're right, Dunc. How much further is it we gotta go? Well, we can make Cramer's camp in a few hours... if we keep on movin'. Then how far? Four days. If I had known what it was like minin', I woulda kept right on tendin' bar. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Any sign of him? Aw, he's around someplace. Maybe he went huntin'. I never figured why Cramer stayed here while you came into town. Hm? His horse went lame. It was faster if I came in alone for the burros in the outfit. Listen, take the stock over there where there's more grass, Dunc. I'll start fixin' supper. Hey, Clancy! Clancy, come here. It's Cramer. I don't like this a bit. That fella followin' us and now this. Come on, let's get outta here. This Cramer's wife? Yeah. It's not here. What's not here? The map. He hasn't got it. The way to the mine? Well, I thought you knew how to get there. Look, you were there when you found the gold. Well, I wasn't trying to remember the way Cramer was writin' it down on paper. Well, it's gotta be here someplace. He wouldn't have thrown it away. That's what he must have done. Studied it, learned it by heart and- And got rid of it. Hey. What'd I tell ya? Now, suppose you tell us what you're after. I was about to ask you that. We got the idea you might be following us. Reckon we're just headed the same direction. Well, just keep travelin'. We'll follow you for a while. Sorry, but there's no more water till you reach the Blade Mountains. Afraid I'll have to stay a while. Where ya headed? North. You know that country up there pretty well? Pretty well. You look pretty funny standin' there with that gun in your hand. We was, um, just about to cook some grub. Glad to have you join us. Thanks. Find grass for your horse over there a ways. Oh, I hope you had a reason for not runnin' him off. I did. Besides, Dunc, I don't think he'd run. Well, now with Cramer dead, we're two-thirds of the way to a big strike and no way to find it. Right now, it's either turn around or get some help. So, we- We figured maybe you could help us find the spot. Ever do any minin'? Once, for wages, about three years ago. You soundin' better to me by the minute. But I'm not lookin' for a job. Oh, well, it's not a job. We'll cut ya in, share and share alike. We're talkin' about a big bonanza. I don't know. Gold can play some funny tricks on men. I've seen it. Well, it wouldn't be like that with Dunc and me. He's my best friend. We came west together. You mean you ain't interested? Any man's interested in gold. But I'm a little doubtful too. What'd this place look like where you found these? Well... the mountain was steep and rough like all the rest of 'em, except this one had a creek. A little creek. And- And the mountain across the way was shaped like a- Like a saddle. You were on Blackfoot Creek. You know where it is? Ya- Ya can get us there? We'll be there in three and a half days. Hey, gents! This calls for a drink, huh? Well, here's to... Hey, I don't even know your name. Cheyenne Bodie. Here's to Cheyenne Bodie. Here's to- To friendship and gold. Hey, this is it! This is where Cramer found the gold! Along in this wash! Where Clancy, where? Here it is. Take a look at it. So that's what this stuff looks like, huh? Why, that ain't much different than sand. Just plain sand. But it's real rich dirt. Just show me where to start diggin'! Hold it. We don't dig here. The rains washed this down. That's where we gotta go. Up there. Well, what are we waitin' for? Come on, Dunc. Flume leaks some at first till the boards swell and close the seams. All right Clancy. Let 'er go. Right! There she comes. Let her rip! Yahoo! I sure had some blockheaded ideas about prospectin' for gold. All in the findin', I thought. You just picked it up, put it in sacks and carried it to the bank. Pull! Pull! There's your share, Duncan. It's all yours. What are you gonna do with your money when you go back and cash in? Oh, I figure I'll keep on roamin' and lookin'. Lookin'? Lookin' for what? Wish I knew. I've been fiddle-footed all my life. Guess that comes from livin' with Indians for eight years when I was a kid. Except, that that don't seem right somehow. I figure there's a place for every man where he can kinda settle down and feel like he's come home. If he can only find it. What about yourself? I figure on buying some land and growing some fruit. Apples, maybe. How'd you come to settle on apples? Oh, I can remember my granddad's farm when I was kid back in New York State. He had an orchard. I-I can remember the smell of the blossoms and the fruit. The cider press. What's all that about? We were talkin' about what we aim to do when we get back. Never no question in my mind about that. Yeah? Tell us about it, Dunc. I'm gonna have me a saloon. And not one of them sawdust-on-the-floor joints like I've been workin' in, neither. This is gonna be a saloon with class. Bartenders in white coats... orchestra, girls. Think of that. Eight beautiful girls. Hm. I'm thinkin'. How long do you reckon we're gonna be here? Six months or so. We ought to put some kinda limit on our take. Agreed between ourselves that when we get exactly so much, we'll pull up stakes. Mm-hm. How much you think the limit ought to be? Ten thousand apiece? Ten thousand? With all the gold we're sittin' on? How much do you say? Well, 50,000, anyway. Seventy-five's more like it. Ten thousand in one piece is more than I ever expected to get my hands on. That's small change. No use making a hog of yourself. Hog, am I? Why, I'd be within my rights to ask twice what you're gettin'. How come? There's no denyin', is there? I put up all the cash for the outfit. That's right, Dunc. I always meant to pay ya back. The next time you go callin' me a hog, just remember what I could have done if I wanted to. There you are, Dunc. What I owe ya... with interest. I just don't like bein' told I'm a hog, that's all. You oughtn't go jumping out at a man like that. Could be dangerous. You out for a midnight stroll? Wanted to make sure that mountain lion didn't spook the burros. Yeah? What's the matter, Dunc? I just think I'll go and make sure them burros are all right. Help yourself. What's up? Nothing's up. Where's Duncan? Pokin' around out in the dark. He's sure takin' a long time. I'm gonna take a look-see. Where's Clancy? Outside someplace. Looks like it's come around to me again. But I won't take my turn if you two will quit worryin' and go back to sleep. We got work to do in the morning. Just like I thought! What's the idea? Put your hands up. Mind tellin' me first what this is all about? You know what this is about without my tellin' ya. Well, so this is where you cast your dust. What's all the gunplay for? Seems like I accidentally stumbled on Dunc's bank. "Accidentally." What were you trying to pry that rock up for, tell me that? I saw a Gila monster crawl under it. I gotta hand it to you. You can sure think of a good story when you got to. You don't need that gun. No. All right, I'm a liar. There's no Gila monster under there. Let's see ya stick your hand in. Go on, go ahead. Sure, I will. One move outta you and I'll- Don't worry, I'm gonna stand right here. I wanna see this. Reach right in, Dunc. Show us you're not yellow. They never let go do they, Cheyenne? Them Gila monsters, once they grab a hold of ya. You can cut 'em in half at the neck, but their heads will still hang on till sundown, I hear. But by then, the victim don't usually care anymore because he's dead. Ain't that right, Cheyenne? It's near enough. Well, what's the matter, Dunc. Why don't you reach your hand right in and get your dust. It couldn't be you're scared to, could it? After ya shot off your mouth. Come on, Dunc! Show us you're not yellow. I'll kill you, you dirty, thievin'- Now, one more bad move outta you, Dunc, and I'll blow you to kingdom come. Cheyenne, just turn that rock over, will ya? Come on, boy. Come on there. Come on. Whoa. Any more outta you, I'll haul off and let ya have it. You know what's good for ya, ya won't monkey around with me. Cheyenne! Take it easy till you get your wind back. You were lucky, Dunc. Yeah. Who pulled me out? Clancy did. I guess I owe you my life, partner. Forget it. Cheyenne! Shut the water off, Dunc. Look at this. We got company comin' up the trail. More than likely, it's a bunch of renegades headed for the hills. We'd better get ready for 'em. What's the matter? Indians. Well, what are we gonna do? Can't get down to the horses. They're lost. But we can save the burros and the food. Well, if we have to fight, let's fight. Well, let's get the water and the grub up there. We may be there for a day or two. I'll take it. Get the guns. Quick! Come on. Come on. You don't seem the least bit worried, partner. Well, that's funny. I am. That's what you say. I'm on to your stinkin' game. You made a mistake when you told us you lived with the Indians. Now you're gonna take what's comin' to ya. Dunc, you gone crazy? I know what I'm doin'. How do we know what he does when he's away from camp? He signaled them Indians. Why? So he wouldn't have to split with us. You know any prayers, you start sayin' 'em. Better think it over, Duncan. Sound of that gun will bring the Indians right to us. And you'll wish you had me back. Why don't you save that for the Indians. Here they come. Mescaleros. Ranging way north of their territory. Must have the Army on their tail. That's far enough! This is my camp. What do you want here? Guns, food, bullets. We have your horses. Good horses. You give us gun, bullets, we go. Get out. You reckon they've had enough? Just don't stand up there. You mean they ain't gone? Far enough to try to throw us off our guard. Well... Well, maybe we can buy them off. If each one of us puts up a third of his share. You're really scared, aren't ya. Offerin' to give away your gold. It's better than gettin' killed. Yeah, I guess it is. Well, the Indians don't know or care about gold. Give 'em a load of buffalo hides, you might make a deal. Something's happened. Wait a minute. Maybe that's just a trick to lure us out and then get us. I don't think so. The spot they got us in, they don't need tricks. Hey, partners! Come on up here! There's a sight if there ever was one. Soldiers. Look at 'em. That's why they wanted guns and ammunition. They had that patrol on their tail. After the war, I said I hoped I never see a uniform again. I take it all back. They still know where to find us. Maybe it's time we pulled out. Yeah, I guess there's no sense in pushin' our luck. How much you figure we've made up to date? Oh, maybe 30,000 apiece. Well, there's still a lot more up here. If we stay, we may be wintered in. I vote with you, Cheyenne. Let's call it quits and leave, huh? Well, if it's settled, it's settled. Well, good. Come on, let's pack. She sounds like a real nice girl. Who? Cramer's wife. I mean, widow. You read that. I ain't read it. What's it say? "Dear Lou. "It was such a relief to get word "after so many months of silence. "Little Jimmy is fine, "but he misses his daddy almost as much as I do. "I've never thought any material treasure, "no matter how great, "is worth the pain of these long separations. "The fruit trees are all in bloom, "and everybody looks forward to big crops. "Of course, I'm hoping that you... "will, at last, strike it rich. "It is high time for luck to start smiling upon you. "But just in case she doesn't, "remember, we've already found life's real treasure. Forever yours, Helen." Somebody ought to write and let her know. Yeah, I'm gonna do that as soon as we get back. But... I-I-I been thinkin'. That we ought to share some of our gold with her? That's right. You mean, give her some of our gold? Yeah. You're crazy. We've had all the luck. He didn't have any. Seems to me, it wouldn't hurt if we shared ours. You sound like a preacher. Now, what's wrong with that? You tell me one good reason why we should get rich and he gets killed. I figure helping out his wife might be one way of showing we appreciate it. I'll go along with that. Not me. I worked hard for what I got. I aim to keep it. Aw, you can do what ya like as far as I'm concerned, you- Leave those guns alone. If they meant harm, we'd all be dead by now. If this is one of your tricks- They're carrying their guns butt-first. That means they come in peace. You two wait here. Welcome to our fire. There's only four of 'em. Why take chances? You heard what Cheyenne said. Let him do it his way. He knows Indians. Yeah, maybe he knows 'em too well. What did they want? They've got a white woman in their camp. One of the chief's wives. She's sick. They want us to help. Tell 'em we'll send a doctor out from town. It's not a laughing matter. They ask us once. Next time they'll be telling us. There's only four of them. Look, we'll pretend to go and then let 'em have it soon as we get the chance. No, whether I can help or not, I've got to try. You don't owe them anything. Maybe not. Either way, I'm goin'. Well, go ahead. Clancy and I can't help. We'll wait for ya in Big Fork. Mind taking my gold along? You can handle three burros all right. I-if you want us to. I'd be glad to do it for you, Cheyenne. You sure can't take it into their camp. I guess I'd better get started. We'll be in Big Fork. Good luck. Watch out for them squaws. One of 'em might wanna marry ya for your money. I might just do that. Livin' around white men, sometimes Indians look real good to me. So long. See ya. See ya in Big Fork. Come on, boys. Whoa. What's the matter? I'm stoppin' here for the night. You wanna go ahead, it suits me fine, only leave Cheyenne's gold with me. Now, why should I leave it with you? It's part of my responsibility, ain't it? I don't care what you do. The burro stays here. Now, listen, it's still early. We can make four or five miles before dark. I didn't order ya to camp here. You can go twenty miles more for all I care. Ordered me? Who's orderin' who to do anything around here? Ya talk like you were the boss of this outfit. Oh? Maybe you think you are. Go on, let's hear ya say it. All right, if this is far as you can go. Who says it is? I just don't wanna go no further, that's all. I could, but I don't wanna, see. What's the use of hollerin'? Let's camp here. Man. That was my idea in the first place. What's the joke? Just come to me what a bonehead move that Cheyenne made when he left his burrow in our keepin'. How do you mean? Figured we do his sweatin' for him, huh? Herd this pack train along so he comes along free and easy just behind us. What are you gettin' at? Don't you see? It all belongs to us now. We don't go back to Big Fork, savvy. Not at all. You're not serious. You don't really mean what you're sayin'. You and Cheyenne was the ones that got scared and wanted to leave the mine. Not me. Listen, Duncan. While I can stand on my two legs, you won't touch a single grain of Cheyenne's gold. You understand that? Sure, partner. Sure I do. I see just what ya mean. You wanna keep all for yourself, cut me out, huh? Well, if that's the way you feel about it, we'll split up right now. You go your way, and I'll go mine. That'd suit you just fine, wouldn't it? Why me more than you? So you could shoot me in the back. Sneak up on me, get me from behind. Well, if you feel that way, I'll go ahead. So you could ambush me on the trail, my pal. One move out of you brother, I pull this trigger. Drop that wood and get your hands up. Get 'em up. Higher. Higher! They won't go any higher. Was I right or was I? You and your Sunday-school talk about other people's possessions. You. All right, stand up and take it like a man. So you're gonna murder me? Not murder, brother. I'm doing this to save my life, which you would take the first time I stop lookin'. Now, start walkin'. Where to? To your funeral. Keep goin'. Go on. Hold it. No...Duncan! Maybe I didn't kill him. Maybe he just dropped without bein' hit. Buzzards. Maybe I better bury him. I don't want no buzzards givin' me away. Clancy! Clancy! Clancy. Partner. Then, when I came to in the middle of the night, I could see Duncan by the fire. I was too weak to do anything about it. Take it easy. You're talkin' too much. Don't you worry about me. I'm not gonna die, not till I get Duncan. All right, let's go. You're not going anywhere. Who says so? Well, you can't travel. Not shot up the way you are. You're not leavin' me behind. Look at you, weak as a newborn kitten. Don't worry. I'll catch up with him. I'm goin'. Now, look Clancy, you're gonna have to- I'm goin', Cheyenne. All right, I reckon you're goin'. How you holding up? Shoulder's stinging some, but I'm all right. Looks like another northern coming on. We use all bullets fighting soldiers. Now we take yours. I ain't got none. Get away from them burros! Get away from them burros! Get away from them burros! What are ya laughin' at? The Indians poured it out on the ground. By now, it's blown clear back to where it came from. Looks like the joke's on us. Yeah. Yeah, I guess the joke's on us. Well, Dunc, for all I know, you may get buried under six feet of gold dust. You finally wound up with everybody's share. Well, what now? I was headed north before. I don't see any reason for makin' any change in plans. What about you? I don't know. You could always try your luck again. Might hold up next time. No, once is enough. I'm no worst off than I was before, come to think about it. All I'm out is time. It's not much compared with what Dunc lost. Too bad about Cramer's wife, though. Yeah. Yeah, I'm real sorry we couldn't do like we planned. The equipment you bought's still here. It ought to bring enough to get you where you're goin'. Seein' her in person and tellin' her what happened would be a lot better than writin' a letter. Besides, maybe you could help her with the orchard. Yeah. I'd kinda like to see some apple trees in bloom again. I-I think I'll do it. Good luck to you. Same to you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 