Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e7 - Decision - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 7 - Decision - full transcript 
 Scouting for the army, Cheyenne reports of an impending attack. Fleeing to another fort, the commanding officer's route to that fort seems more dangerous than the alternate and Cheyenne isn't the only one who disagrees. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Did you hear that? Just coyotes. Yeah, red ones. Do you think they're going to attack? Maybe. But Wilderness is a good, stout fort. Yeah, but is Heffler a good, stout commander? Look, I think they ought to- Wait a minute. Hold it! Sounds like that horse is shod. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sergeant, rider coming up. Rider approaching! Open the gates! Them Injuns are thicker'n fleas on a pine oak's back. It's a wonder you got through. Almost didn't. Hid out in the scrub pine, waiting for moonset. War party came along, and had to make a run for it. You a government scout? Temporary. Got a message for the commanding officer. Sergeant. Yes, sir. This way. Say, uh, those Indians, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 were they pretty close behind you? I don't know. I didn't much care to look back. A government scout with a message, sir. Very well, sergeant. Yes? 'Fraid I got some pretty bad news. Just a moment please. You will stand at attention, and state your business in a military manner. Fair enough. I've come from 17 Miles station, with a message for Major Heffler. Very well. You're Heffler? Major Heffler left orders not to be disturbed. I'll see that he gets the message. Didn't you hear me? Look, mister, my order is to put this in the hands of the commanding officer. You wanna play soldier, I'll go along with you. Maybe I ought to remind you that as a government scout, you're subject to military discipline. Including a court-martial, if necessary. I wouldn't want to put you into any extra trouble. You've got enough as it is. You, come back here! Mister, I wouldn't holler at a mule like that. Where did you get this guidon pennant? Can't you obey a simple order, captain? I told you I didn't want to be disturbed. I'm sorry, sir. The scout just brought this in. Where did you get this? At your cavalry outpost at Big Rock. Was wiped out. Not a man left alive. Over a hundred men. There's a message too, sir. From the Seventeen Mile Station. I can tell you what it says, major. The Arapaho have joined up forces with the Comanche, under Black Hawk. They're north of Seventeen, making big medicine. I knew something was happening. I felt it. Quinlan, I want to see my officers. Yes, sir. And may I give orders to double the guard, sir? That won't be necessary. We're evacuating the fort. What did you say? What's that? Perhaps he didn't hear you correctly, sir. For that matter, I don't think I did, either. You heard me, all right, and I recognize your weasel way of questioning my orders. You've been getting mighty close to the line, captain, and one of these days, you're going to step over. To review gentlemen, this will be our general road of march. Southeasterly through Helow Pass, then a northerly swing to Fort McKay. Now, is there any questions? The junior officer has a question. Well, sir, why is it impossible to hold this position? It's impossible because- Because, I say it's impossible, that's why. After all, gentlemen, I have the responsibility of the women and children in this garrison. And I'm certainly not going to subject them to the risk of being slaughtered by those savages. Couldn't we send a message to Fort McKay for reinforcements? I'm sure this scout could- That'll be all, Rogers. Sergeant Short. If we're bound to skedaddle, major, why don't we head out the trail straight to Fort McKay? Ah. Because Black Hawk is here. He'll have war parties all along here. But we gonna fool him. He'll never dream that we'd go through Helow Pass at this time of year. Take over, captain. Yes, sir. Gentlemen, you know what to do. Well, I hope Black Hawk won't figure we'd go through Helow Pass. He won't. He gives us credit for having more sense. Load 'em tight. Can't afford any noise. Get this water tank filled, men. All right, do what the lieutenant says. Here, now, that's no job for you. Let me take that. Pretty sly, lieutenant. Hiding out in the shadows till you were sure I was finished, then offering to help. Sounds like the right idea, but I'm innocent of the charge. And well she knows it, boy. She's been watching for you like a hawk. Papa. Well? Were you looking for me? Does it really matter? I mean, in a few weeks we'll be going on our way west again, and you'll be showing the North Star to some other girl, from another wagon train. Ann, I- That's a good job. You can tell your major the Arapaho won't hear no dry axle on this wagon. I think you better put these things inside, Mr. Saunders. I'll do it, Papa. All right. Gotta draw my water ration. Gallon apiece for an eight-day trip. Ann, do you mind if I come by tomorrow? See how you making out? If you'd like, lieutenant. Well, good evening then. Good evening. Yes, sir. I'll take care of it right away, sir. Bodie, you're scouting in advance at the column. Yes, sir. And I'm riding with you. That'd be right handy. In case we have to court-martial some Arapaho. Troops lead out. Stand to horse. Prepare to mount. Mount. Forward ho! Looks like an Arapaho hunting party. How many? There's never more than seven or eight in a hunting party. Think they've seen us? They've seen us. We can't take a chance on them getting back to Black Hawk. All right, let's find them. This way. Rogers! Lieutenant Rogers! What's that firing? Sounds like the scouts have run into something. Shall I take A Troop forward, sir? No. No. We'll lead them here. Circle your wagons! Ambush! Oh! That remark that I made back at the fort about court-martial... I'd be obliged if you'd forget it. I don't know what remark you mean. You'd better get the horses. And in conclusion, dear Lord, we want to thank you for bringing us this far. And not meaning to be previous or nothing, we want to thank you in advance for our safe deliverance to Fort McKay. But if that ain't to be, Lord, it ain't to be. And we ain't gonna hold it agin ya. Amen. Now, come along, children. I want to get you home to bed. That's right, we're gonna be starting early. I'll be along later, Ann. All right. Good evening, Ann. Good evening, lieutenant. Could I walk you back to your wagon? Couldn't really stop you, lieutenant. Why don't you call me Lee? You did back at Wilderness. We're not back at Wilderness now. It doesn't do to get too fond of people you're not going to see again. Would you repeat that? The part about getting too fond of people. The major's compliments, sir. He wants to see you on the double. Very well, sergeant. Ann? He said on the double, sir. You wanted to see me? Yes. You're familiar with the country south of here. Midland? All right, gentlemen, if you'll look at the map, I'll show you our route of march. Now, as you can see, the north trail leads directly to Fort McKay. While this one swings in a southeasterly direction. We're making a little change in plan. I've decided to stay on the lower trail. And if that doesn't have Black Hawk running around in circles, I'll miss my guess. Of course, some of you may say that I'm being a little too cautious, but with women and children in this command, I don't think we could be too careful. Now, is there any comments? I'd say we don't have one chance in 50 if we take the lower trail. Well, that's just where you're wrong. We won't see one hostile. I wasn't talking about Indians. I'm talking about water. Well, what about water? There isn't any. I thought you knew this territory. This trail intersects the bend of the Big Sandy. And that'll be the dustiest river you ever saw. Well, I crossed the Big Sandy a year ago at this time, later, in August, and the water was saddle-high. Last year was the wettest anybody can remember. The Big Sandy will have water in it. You can take my word for it. Any further discussion, gentlemen? No? Then I'm sure we all have work to do. Oh. Rank has its privilege, captain. Will you have a drink? No, thank you, sir. Well, I will. What's on your mind, captain? With the major's permission, we should give more thought to the scout's report before we take the south trail. Is that so? Yes, sir. I found his opinion to be extremely reliable. Maybe you think he should be in command of this column. No, sir. I just felt that it was my duty to point out- It's not your duty to lecture me, captain. I'm not, major. It's just that I- As a matter of fact, you're not the one to lecture anybody on anything. There's an unhealthy atmosphere in this command, and I lay it all right at your doorstep. I've heard the men grumbling. Yes, sir. I've heard them too. Meaning exactly what? Sir, we were discussing the route of march. Yes, we were. And I suppose you'd take the north trail, and risk a massacre? In my opinion, it's better to risk a fight than to risk not finding water. That's the trouble with you academy men. You think nobody else knows anything. Well, for your information, I was soldiering in the field with the First Michigan while you were up at the Point, learning your tactics out of a book. I've seen my share of action as much as you, if not more. That's pretty close to insubordination. It wasn't meant to be, sir. I said you'd cross the line someday, captain. Well, you've gone this far. Why don't you come out with the rest of it. What's on your mind? I think you're making a mistake that'll end up costing lives. And I suppose you also think that you're more fitted to this command than I am. Well, answer me. It's a matter of personal conviction. I'm not required to answer. Well, I'm telling you to answer now. That's an order. Are you going to answer me? I'm not required to answer, sir. Sergeant of the guard! Captain Quinlan is under arrest. Yes, sir. I'll do it, sergeant. Now, children, you gotta be careful when making hotcakes. You dance and burn them. Keep 'em cool. That's the Army way. Jeremiah, Lettie. Now, you and your sister stop bothering the man. Oh, they're no bother, ma'am. Well, that's nice. Cheyenne, could I have a word with you? We was just leaving. Come along, dear, back to the wagon. Come along, scoot. Come on. A lot of woman, that. Reminds me of a Pawnee squaw I used to know out by the rosebud. Well, it looks like you'll be scouting the south trail alone this morning. I know. The sergeant told me about Captain Quinlan. The major has marked our line of march. Most foolish thing I ever heard of, heading south. The Big Sandy'll be bone dry, or I don't know a johnnycake from buffalo chips. No use arguing with the Army. We're buzzard bait. Every man, woman and child of us. Ain't a thing we can do about it. Maybe there is. Lieutenant, wait a minute. You'll just get yourself into trouble, talking to the major. I'm going to see Captain Quinlan. Well, as long as you're wearing that uniform, I think I'd better do the talking to Quinlan. All right, children, want to join me? That's how they make them in the Navy. We'd like to talk to the captain, corporal. Yes, sir. Sorry about what happened last night. It's everybody's opinion you got a misdeal. Bodie, the only opinion that matters in an Army troop is the opinion of the commanding officer. That's right. But the Army can make a mistake too. It might just be that we've got the wrong commanding officer. What Bodie means is, sir, that if the men would stand behind you- Lieutenant, you've said enough. You're new in this column and entitled to make a few mistakes, but not the one you were about to make. You gotta be in as long as Heffler before you're entitled to make the real big ones, is that it? What you were about to suggest could get the both of you shot. Does it really matter, sir? Everybody knows taking the south trail is suicide. This is a military unit, not a debating society. It's not all military. There's civilians here, and that makes a difference. No, it doesn't. The discipline and regulations of the United States Army are more important than this column, and a hundred others like it. Don't ever forget that again, lieutenant. Prepare to mount! Now, I'd suggest you get back to your posts. Both of you. Mount! All right, sir. Column of fours, forward ho! Detail halt! Who gave orders to halt? I did. Sergeant, move out the column. We've gotta get to the Big Sandy. If you think you can find it. You're standing in it. We're here! We're here! It's the river. Don't tell me this is a river. It can't be. My map. Orderly! Somebody bring me my map. Oh, Papa, it's dry. There's no two ways about it. Our only chance is to try and get through the McKay Trail. The McKay Trail? Wouldn't they like for us to go through the McKay Trail. Oh, yes, that'd suit our red brothers right down to the ground. No, we'll fool them again. We'll continue our march as planned. What's that, sir? You heard me. That's a six-day march without water. I don't care if it's six weeks. We're not walking into any ambush. Lieutenant, you can break out the emergency water ration. There's enough there for half a canteen per man. We move out in 15 minutes. Half a canteen for a six-day march? Well, I'll say it if nobody else will. Black Hawk's got him so spooked, he'd try to march us to Mexico before he'll risk a fight. There won't be one of us get through that desert alive. How do the men feel? They sure don't want to go through the desert without water. Cheyenne, what do you think? A few of us would probably get through. Most of them wouldn't. Sir. You ready to move out? Yes, sir. There's just one thing, major. And what's that? We want you to lead the column out through the McKay Trail. You want me to- Are you out of your mind? Sir, it's murder to send this column south of the Chickashays. Are you questioning my orders? Yes, sir. If you want to put it that way. Sergeant, this man is under arrest for gross insubordination. Take his weapon and confine him with Captain Quinlan. Sergeant! I gave you an order! Sergeant Short, put this man under arrest. You heard me! All right, you're all under arrest. Every last one of you. Now, throw down your weapons. Throw them down! Sergeant Short, see that the column is in order. We'll move out when you're ready. Yes, sir. Sergeant! Stay where you are. That's an order! Sorry, sir. I think I'd better take this, sir. I know how you feel, sir. But a man has to do what he thinks is right. I'm not going to make you any speeches, lieutenant. I tried that once, and it didn't take. But I'll tell you one thing, and you too, Mr. Bodie. You'll stand in front of firing squad for this day's work. You and your friends. Say that like a prayer. Both of you. It's that true. Better take your pistol. You may need it before this is- Cheyenne. Something on that hill. Arapaho. Looks like we're gonna have company. Sergeant, ride up to A Troop. Tell Sergeant Comisky to get back here as fast as he can. Too late for that. We'd better circle. Circle your wagons! Hyah! Circle your wagons! Where's the major? In the wagon. Major. Major. I brought your weapon. Get out of here. Take cover, everybody. I didn't think they could see me from that distance. That big one with the war bonnet. That was Black Hawk himself. Why didn't they attack? Guess it was just a faint. Probably wants us to chase him so he can separate the soldiers from the wagon train. What do you think we should do? Sit tight till dark. Maybe we can cook up a little surprise for him when they do attack. You'd better take this back. I'd be obliged if you'd keep it, sir. We'll need every gun. Sit down, sergeant. Is your troop ready to ride? Uh, yes, sir. Well, we've all been looking for action. Now, you're gonna get it. And more than you've bargained for. I guess you'd better explain your idea. We can expect Black Hawk back in the morning. He'll find the cavalry gone. And this time he'll hit us, thinking he's attacking an unprotected wagon train. What he won't know is, that these wagons will be filled with sharpshooters from the infantry company. Where will the civilians be? Right in the middle? They'll be with the cavalry about two miles from here, in a gully. Indians ain't stupid. They'll see there ain't no civilians around. That's where you're wrong, sergeant. What size dress do you wear? Did you say "dress," sir? I think Miss Smallwood's outfit ought to look real good on you. Sir? Somebody has to set an example. We need at least five ladies around here. Eighteen years in the cavalry, and I got a guy in a petticoat. It ain't military. Lee. Hello, Ann. Lee, is it true what they're saying? What is it they're saying? That you're going to be... That when we get to McKay, that you're going to be court-martialed and shot. Now, where'd you hear a silly thing like that? Everybody says so. You don't really think the Army would shoot a valuable fellow like me? Please, you've got to tell me the truth. Well, they might give me a little court-martial, or... Well, I might have to spend a little time in the Army prison. But maybe I won't. Lee, I know it's not proper for me to say this, but I'd be proud to wait for you, no matter how long it was. Nothing in the world would make me any happier, Ann. But I think you better keep going west with you pa. Well, lieutenant, we're all ready to leave. That's fine, Mr. Saunders. Ann... remember one thing: no matter what happens, I love you. All right, sergeant, move out the civilians. All right you girls, come on. These Indians are gonna think I'm Betsy Ross. I wonder what's keeping them. They'll be along. All ready, sir. All the soldiers, and the wagon? Yes, sir. And the howitzer? In the last wagon. It's loaded with grape. But if you ask me, it'll be no good to us there. You ever hear of a mobile cannon? Mobile? No. You will. You better take this. Here they come. All right, this ain't no sewing bee. Oh! Think it's about time, lieutenant. Sergeant. We're moving out. Yes, sir. Move out! Move out the wagons! Come on, mount up. Let me help you, captain. I'm all right, lieutenant. Yes, sir. Soldier. Yes, sir? Tell the lieutenant that Major Heffler is dead. Move out the wagons! Lead out. Wagons out. Lieutenant... give 'em a taste of the howitzer. Right. Prepare to fire. Let them have it! I hope they keep following. Here they come. They're trying to outflank us. Good. Raise those flaps. Hold on, ho! Black Hawk. They won't be bothering us again. Not for a long while. Then we got nothing to worry about... except what's waiting for us at Fort McKay. We'll be ready to move out in five minutes, sir. The doc's patching up the last of the wounded. We ought to be in McKay by dinnertime. Yeah, bread and water in the stockade. Are you going to turn over the command, sir? Captain Quinlan, if he'll take it. Why don't we just slide out? Right now. All of us. And be on the run for the rest of our lives? Well, I can't tell you men what to do, but I'm going into Fort McKay with the column. I'm ready to stand up for what I did, win, lose or draw. That's good enough for me. Well, sergeant? I guess the troop's about ready to move out, sir. Well, who wants to live forever? Lieutenant. Mind if I come along? If you'd like. I would. There's a few things I'd like to get off my chest. Thank you, doctor. Sir. I'd like to turn command over to you. Are you sure you know what you're doing? Yes, sir. I want you to understand that this- This gesture isn't going to make it any easier on either one of you. I'm not going to rest till you all answer to a general court-martial. You still want to turn over command? Yes, sir. All right. Consider yourselves under open arrest till formal charges can be brought against you. Get back to your posts. Captain. I was just wondering, do you do much gambling? What? Gambling. You ought to. You're shot with luck. What do you mean? You're still alive. Any one of us could've killed you during the fight, and we'd all be in the clear. You hit a pretty big four-to-one shot. You had your chance. Why didn't you take it? If you don't know, I can't tell you. But I want you to get one thing straight. You're the only man in this troop that wasn't behind the lieutenant when he took over command. You think Rogers did it for his own sake? There isn't a man here that wouldn't march through that desert till he dropped, if it was only him. But look around you, mister. There's women in this wagon train, and children. And they got a right to live no matter what it says in your book. Seems to me it's a pretty sorry man that uses a book of regulations for a conscience. Bodie, we're moving out. Troop, attention! Garrison from Fort Wilderness reporting, sir. Where's Major Heffler? We ran into Black Hawk on the McKay Trail, sir. The major was killed... in defense of his command. He was a fine soldier. Anything else to report? No, sir. Nothing else of importance. Come in, captain. We'll need a detailed report of Black Hawk's attack. Yes, sir. Lieutenant, dismiss your men. Yes, sir. Sergeant, dismiss your troops. Yes, sir. Troop dismissed. Oh, Lee. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 