Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e2 - Julesburg - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 2 - Julesburg - full transcript 
 Cheyenne and Smitty come across a wagon train lost on their way to Wyoming Territory. Cheyenne agrees to guide them as far as Fort Laramie where they can get a guide. Rustlers descend on their camp at night and steal more than 200 head of cattle from the settlers. Cheyenne figures they'll try to sell the cattle at the nearby town of Julesburg. He and Smitty head into Julesburg undercover to try and get the cattle back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Got those maps finished, Smitty? Yep, them government boys are gonna know this land just like they'd been here. Hey, what's this picture of Chief Crazy Horse doin' in here? Well, if you don't want it, stick it on the tree. Ah, the Indian wars are on again. Two bits and a hot bath says you can't hit him in the eye. You're on. Hyah! Hmm. Looks like those hot baths are on you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hyah! Hey! Where do we get them hot baths? Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Now, why do you suppose they camp this time of day? I don't know. Let's find out. I figure we're somewhere in, uh- Here comes somebody! Howdy. Havin' trouble? Uh, I'm afraid we are. You see, our guide got the fever and died, and we tried to go on. And I think we're lost. Where you headed for? Wyoming territory. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're lost. Oh, We've heard that there's nothing like that place for growing grass to fatten cattle, and build up fine herds. Are you an Indian fighter? I'm afraid not, son. My name's Cheyenne Bodie. This is my pal, Smitty. What's your name? Tommy Scott. Uh, my name is Williams and- And this is Mr. Scott, the boy's brother. Hello. Howdy. We'll take you as far as Fort Laramie. You can get a guide there that'll take you the rest of the way. Well, we sure are obliged to you. Well, I guess we'd better get these wagons rollin'. Yeah, it look like them cattle of yours ain't tasted water for quite a spell. They sure ain't. Well, load up, boys, we're gonna roll! Close in the circle, we'll camp here tonight. Are you sure you ain't an Indian fighter? Well, I sure hate to disappoint you, Tommy. But when I meet an Indian, I try to make friends with him. And that's a break for the Indian. Chief Crazy Horse might've lost an eyeball this afternoon. Huh? Smitty's talking about a little target practice we had. I don't see how you can hit anything with this gun. Sure is old-fashioned. I'm a gun salesman for Smith & Wesson. If the gun isn't made by my company, Tommy here thinks it's old-fashioned. If you ain't an Indian fighter, what do you do? Well, Tommy, when we met you this afternoon, we had just finished mapping out the boundary line to the territory granted to the Arapaho. You've heard of them, haven't you? Are they anything like Indians? Sonny, them Arapahos is the closest thing to being Indian without being Apache. What do ya think? Worth coming after? Could be. Why, that herd must run 200 head or better. Yeah. Well, get goin', boys. But remember now, if anything goes wrong, I don't know ya. Get to the cattle! That herd'll stampede! Mount up, boys, they're after the herd! Hyah! Hyah! Whoo! Tommy, get back! Mort! Look out! Whoo! Hyah! Come on! Hyah! My brother! Scott? Yes. Tie him up! Haven't you got anything better to do? Yep. I can pull the trigger. No luck, eh, Cheyenne? Where are your friends headed with that herd? I don't know what you're talkin' about. Well, you'd better know what he's talkin' about. Killing him won't get your cattle back, Williams. We scraped together every cent that we had and bought fine stock. That's what we were counting on to get started with. Now we haven't got anything. Cattle thieves don't hang on to what they steal for long. His partners will sell your herd as soon as they get a chance. There's a town not very far from here by the name of Julesburg. Julesburg? You know, I ain't never been there, but I heard tell of that place. They say there ain't no law and there ain't no Sunday. If that's where they're taking our herd, then just show us the way, we'll- Julesburg don't take kindly to strangers. If we all rode in there, we'd attract too much attention. It'd be better if Smitty and I rode in alone. You know, I ain't so sure that'd work either. If they ever got wind to what you was doin'... Smitty's right. Can I borrow one of your wagons? Well, I see no reason why you shouldn't use Scott's wagon. We'll take care of Tommy. That's it over there. What do ya wanna go to town in a wagon for? Strangers that come to town in a wagon are usually peaceable folks. You know... I've been thinking, Cheyenne. Why do I have to wear these clothes? Because you'll do better in Julesburg if you make out like you got a purpose in town. But I don't know anything about selling guns. I'll tell ya, Smitty. Tommy! I know the circular by heart. Looks like we got a stowaway. Better turn around and head back. Please don't send me back. Please. Can't I stay with you? I-I don't wanna go back without- Without my brother. Well, all right. But when we get to Julesburg, you're gonna have to pretend that you've never met me before. I never saw you before in my life. I'll ride on ahead. And, Tommy, don't forget to teach Smitty everything you know about those new guns. I won't. The Smith & Wesson products are superior to all other firearms. The new revolver's balance is superior, plus the new quick-loading metallic cartridge. Are you listening? Hmm? Yeah, yeah. All right, so I'm a gun salesman. What are you sellin'? I'm not. I'm buyin'. Hyah! Hey! How many, Floyd? Two hundred and twenty six. "Two hundred and twenty-six head." "Signed, "Thomas... "Walcott." You paid a real big price for that herd, Mr. McCanles. Well, Mr. Walcott raises fine stock. I think he's deserving of the top dollar. See ya at the hotel, boy. Oh, good morning, Mr. McCanles. Hello. 'Morning, Mr. McCanles. Hello. Oh, good morning, Mr. McCanles. Good morning, Wilfred. Well, how's our lady business man today? Very busy, thank you. Now, what in the world is this? "Now is the time for all good men, "to come to the aid of the party." She's just keeping in practice. Sure is a demon for work, isn't she? You don't have to put on no show for me, Jeremy. I'd prefer it if you'd call me Mrs. Barnes. Jeremy, that's no way to talk to Mr. McCanles. Uh, don't let her upset you, Mr. McCanles, uh, business has been a little slow lately, and Jeremy's rather nervous. Ah, your wife would never upset me. Wilfred, I've got 226 head of cattle over in the pens. What's your company payin'? Well, we pay $25 for beef steers, 20 for cows and two year olds, and 10 for yearlings. That's a deal, I won't even try to bargain with ya. Plenty of profit in it for all of us. Where did you get the cattle, Mr. McCanles? Oh, some outfit headed west, got discouraged and turned back. You couldn't be the one that discouraged them, could you? Mrs. Barnes, sometimes you take too much advantage of being a woman. Wilfred, here's the bill of sale for your records. Now, as soon as you check the count, we'll go over to the bank and get the money. I'll be in the bar. Well, uh, Mr. McCanles, I don't have that kind of money here in town. I'll have to telegraph our Kansas City office. Well, how long will it take to get the money? Four or five days at least. Four or five days! Can't you get it no faster than that? Well, I can try- You try hard, will ya, 'cause I don't want them steers runnin' up a big feed bill on me. Well, I'll hurry it up as fast as I can, Mr. McCanles. You better. I'll run over to the pens and make the tally. Wait. You don't really believe he bought those cattle, do you? Well, he had a bill of sale. He could write these out by the dozen. But all the company requires is some proof of ownership. If there's any trouble, McCanles will be responsible, not us. But we both know what kind of a man he is. We have to be sensible. McCanles runs this town, if I try to buck him, I'll be out of business in 10 minutes. You'll have your self-respect at least. I haven't bought a single head of cattle in the last month. I couldn't turn it down, not a commission that big. Oh, Wilfred, I'm afraid. The way you talked up, no one would ever think you were. Afraid of what he's doing to you. We don't belong in this town. They're not our kind of people. Nobody's good enough for you, Jeremy. Especially me. I get 223. Well, I counted 226. But since McCanles is kind of sweet on your wife, he won't do no bickering. You seem mighty interested in this herd, mister. I'm always interested in good cattle. Best looking stock I've run into in a long time. You in the cattle business? I buy it from time to time. You're wasting your time here, mister. This herd's already been sold. That's too bad. I said this herd's already been sold. Isn't any law against just looking at them, is there? Hyah! Whoa. Tommy, we sleep in beds tonight. Boy, the horses. We'd like a room, please. What are your rates? Hm? How much? How long? Oh, a day or two. Just long enough for me to, uh, finish my business. It'll be a dollar a night for both you and your son. I ain't his son. My kid brother. It makes no difference, it's still a dollar a night. "Morton Scott and brother." What's your line? I represent the new metallic cartridge revolver put out by the Smith & Wesson Company. This gun will take its rightful place in our parade of progress, and is destined to play an important role in our country's western expansion. "Sells guns." Hey, drummer. Come over here. We've got a seat open. Maybe a little new blood in the game will bring me some luck. No, thanks, not much of a hand at poker. Gave it up two years ago. Had three of a kind and a feller beat me out with two sixes. Two sixes? They had a pearl handle. Course, I didn't feel too bad, but the feller next to me did. He had six aces. Well, I'm glad you gentlemen invited me over here. I have right here one of the finest examples of gun workmanship in the world. This weapon will undoubtedly take its rightful place in our parade of progress, and is destined to play an important role in our country's western expansion. It will, huh? Maybe we ought to go out and see how this thing works, huh? Fine. There's a stranger hangin' around the cattle pen. Seems mighty curious. Is that so. Better get him over here. There he is. Says he's a cattle buyer. He's a big ol' boy, ain't he? Now, in order to give a proper demonstration, you gotta have a target. What would you like to shoot at? Well, it's your show, drummer. You gonna do the shootin'. Me? Yeah, you gonna see if you can shoot this spade out of the black lady. Well, I ain't the world's greatest shot. But if you get somebody to put it up. Well, that's possible. Uh... Floyd, have the cattle buyer hold the target. Hold this. What's this for? Just hold it. The salesman's gonna give us a shootin' demonstration. Look, I didn't come to Julesburg to get my hand shot off by a salesman. Pick it up. It doesn't look like I've got much choice. Stand back, Floyd. Higher. All right, Mr. Scott, let's see how your gun works. Can't. I'm awful good at cans, if you could just get somebody to throw 'em up. Bottle top, fruit jars. Shoot the card, boy. The card. Yeah. Hold it steady, will ya? And I'd be obliged if you'd aim kind of careful like. You're not a very good shot, mister. I missed you, didn't I? Maybe the cattle buyer can shoot this new gun. Fine, when you get through with the gun, I'll be in the hotel. Just give me- Come back here. You're holdin' the card. The card? Yeah, get going. I sure hope you know something about shootin' guns, mister. Can you hold it a wee bit steadier? I ain't movin' a muscle. Say, that's mighty good shootin', mister. All right folks, the show is over. This what you got in mind? Yes, sir. Your gun handles real well. Look me up before you leave town, I might do some business with you. I sure will. I wanna get every customer I can. Looks like you came to the right place to sell guns. Well, I better be gettin' back in the hotel. Say, mister. You got a cattle broker in town? Sure have, the office that joins the hotel. Thanks. Hello. And what's your name, little boy? Tommy Scott. What's that thing? Oh, this is a typewriter. What's that? Well, it writes words. Here, I'll show you. Now, you take this piece of paper, put it right there, and then you press these buttons. There. Gee, that spells my name. Hi, young man. May I help you? Yes, I'd like to see the cattle broker. Yes. Well, you're the prettiest cattle broker I ever saw. My husband is the broker, I'm the secretary. Sorry to hear that. Did you want something? Did you buy those cattle over in the pen? Why, yes. Why do you ask? May I ask who you bought them from? I don't think that's any of your business. I've been in the cattle business a long time and I never made secret of who I bought my cattle from. If you want to discuss business, you're going to have to speak to my husband. Well, where's he at? Right now, he's at the bank. Hey, can you put your name on this thing too? Why, sure. Excuse me. I've been looking every place for you, Tommy. Oh, you must be Mr. Scott? Yes, ma'am. Well, your son and I have been chatting. I ain't his son. He seems awfully unhappy. Is there anything I can do? Aw, he'll be all right, ma'am. I guess you just missed your big brother, huh, kid? Don't cry, Tommy. Your brother looks all tuckered out. If I was you, I'd take him up to his room and see that he got some sleep. I guess you're right. This has been a hard trip. It's the first time he's ever traveled with me and- Well, I guess he's just not used to it. Come on, Tommy. I'll check in and stop back and see your husband later. I'd like a room. You know, that sure was good shootin' for a cattle buyer. You gonna be in town long? That all depends. Mr. McCanles, I've just come from the bank. I've made arrangements so you'll get your money tomorrow morning. Oh, good, 'cause I didn't want to wait five or six days. I know you didn't. The bank said if I bring in the bill of sale, they'll advance the money from Kansas City. Thanks, Wilfred. Got any baggage? No, no baggage. Upstairs to your right. You're traveling light, aren't you? A man travels faster that way. Hey, you. Yeah, what do you want? I'm dry. How 'bout some water? Hyah! Come on! Come on, Tommy. Crying won't do any good. He's havin' an awful rough time of it. Can't get over what happened to Mort. I know how hard it is for you, Tommy, but... You know, Indians say that nothing ever really dies. They think of life as a stream that never stops flowing. When we die... they believe that we move to another branch of the stream that goes on forever. I feel the same way, Tommy. I wish you could too. I'm sorry. I don't mean to cry, but I-I can't stop. Well, Indians are very brave, but they cry too, Tommy. You don't have to be ashamed of cryin'. Hello. I thought Tommy might like something to eat. He hadn't got much appetite. Oh, well, maybe I can talk him into it. Tommy. Tommy, I brought you some warm milk. I don't want any milk. Why don't you sit up and drink it? It might make you feel better. That's a good boy. Doesn't that taste good? See, all your brother needed was a little- He ain't my brother! My brother was killed! Wait, I... I might've known that no decent men would ever come to Julesburg. He's not his brother, so I don't suppose you're in the cattle business. His brother was killed on the Overland Trail, during a raid on a wagon train. Those cattle your husband bought were stolen from that train. And that's why we're here, to try and get 'em back. You better tell your husband to break off that deal he made with McCanles. How'd you know it's McCanles we're lookin' for? Here's the bill of sale. That W brand on those cattle doesn't stand for "Walcott," Mrs. Barnes. The rightful owner of that herd is a man named Williams. I don't see why I should believe that you're telling the truth. You know I'm telling the truth. Julesburg is a rotten town. And as long as people turn their backs and pretend that what's going on is none of their business, it'll stay that way. There's not much a woman can do about changing things. May I go, please? But, Cheyenne, there's something that's botherin' me. How are just the two of us gonna round up McCanles and his gang and get them cattle out of Julesburg? We got all night to worry about that. Yes, sir, with your connections, we ought to make us a jillion. Well, come in, Mrs. Barnes. Wilfred and I was just celebrating our first big deal. Drink up, Wilfred. We were wondering where you were. Wilfred, if I had a beautiful wife like that, I'd wanna know where she was just every minute. Oh, I don't suppose a young lady like you would quite understand what I'm talking about. I've always understood you completely. Now, if you did, we'd get along a lot better than we do. I'd like to see my husband alone if you don't mind. Well, what for? We're all partners. There needn't be any secrets. Wilfred, you don't mind if I stay, do you? No, I don't mind. What did you wanna see me about? It can wait. Oh, come on and have a drink with us and celebrate. You may find out, Mr. McCanles, you haven't anything to celebrate. Now, what do you mean by that? What do you mean, Jeremy? This morning, the bill of sale was on my desk. But it's not there now. I-I don't understand it, I-I left it lying right here this morning. Where is it, Mrs. Barnes? I haven't got the faintest idea. But I'm glad it's gone. We- We've got to find it. The bank won't advance the money without it. I think you're wasting your time looking for it, Wilfred. Did you by any chance visit that big fella that's trying to pass himself off as a cattle buyer? I don't think that's any of your business. Listen, I won't have any trouble gettin' back that bill of sale, but I want you to know that when I want anything bad enough, I can get it, Jeremy. I told you my name was Mrs. Barnes! I sure admire a woman for being proud. But I don't understand how a woman with your spirit can be proud of keeping and wearing the name of Mrs. Barnes. Why don't you leave him alone? Do you have to ruin every bit of his self-respect? Nobody can ruin a man's self-respect except in a man himself. Wait a minute, I'm not done with you, young lady. Let go of me! Take your hands off my wife! Get back in the office, Wilfred. I told you to take your hands off of her! Boy, I told you to get back in the office. It's pretty late for you to start actin' like a man. Please, Mr. McCanles. Leave him alone. I'd listen to Mrs. Barnes if I were you, McCanles. If any of your men move for their gun, they won't be helping you stay alive. You're gonna find out you making a big mistake, boy. Mr. Barnes, you and your wife live here in the hotel? No. Then, you'd better take her home. Come on, Jeremy. Let him go, boys! He can't go no place. No use of anybody else gettin' killed. Mike, you and Walt cover the outside. We might have an awful long wait. Well, he can't stay up there forever. What happened? Better take a look out the window, Smitty. We're liable to be here for quite a spell. Stay back, Tommy. Why do we have to sit here sweatin' it out? Let's go up and get him. Ain't nobody stoppin' you, Floyd. If you wanna get a hole in you like the one in that black lady, you just go right up ahead and get him. Can't ya think of somethin', Cheyenne? You better be careful, Tommy. A gun's not the best thing to play with. I'm not playing. I'm loading Smitty's old gun with the new high-powered cartridge. You mean, those new high-powered bullets will fit any.44? Sure. What are they doin' back? That's what I wanna find out. I didn't think you two would come back here. We came back here to get some things. We won't be here long. We're leaving Julesburg. You ain't leaving Julesburg till I get the money for my cattle. McCanles, he's comin' down. Huh? All right, drummer, come on down. Good mornin'. Good morning. Mrs. Barnes is in the office, Tommy. Why don't you go over there and play with the typewriter? I think I'll have some breakfast. I forgot all about him being up there. So did I. Would you mind pointin' them things the other way? Hey, son. What's the cattle buyer doing up there? You mean that fella that shoots well? Yeah. Why, he's pacing around upstairs like a crazy man. What's goin' on, Mr. McCanles? Oh, nothing for you to worry about. Good. I'm leaving Julesburg, just as soon as me and the boy have some breakfast. I sure wish I could sell a gun before I leave. How's the chance of getting some ham and eggs for breakfast? Very good. D'ya mind? Well, we don't have to just sit here. Let's play some poker or something. Good idea. Get a deck and deal 'em out. Hey, drummer, you wanna sit in a couple of hands with us before you leave town? Well, I would love to, Mr. McCanles, but I can't afford to lose. You know I ain't sold a single gun since I come to this town? But I have got something in here I think you'd be mighty interested- We're not interested in any new guns. Well, I'm not talkin' about guns. My company has a high-powered cartridge for old revolvers. They don't make a high-powered cartridge to fit this revolver. Well, my company does, it's the newest thing out. Let me see your gun, and I'll show you. All right- No, you just gimme the cartridge, and I'll put it in. Hey, your company got a good idea at that. Well, now, how about the rest of you gentlemen? I've got enough cartridges here for you. Let's not worry about the cost 'cause once you try 'em, you'll never use anything else. Well, if they're free. Well, come on, give me some of them new bullets. Just put the gun down, McCanles. I ain't kiddin'. Put it down, or I'll blow your head off. You, get your hands up and get around front. Cheyenne! Keep 'em covered. Those shots will bring us more company. Get your hands up! All right, drop 'em. Get over there. I never thought I'd see this day. Get out of the way. Come on. I'll kill the first one who makes a sound. Here, put these in your safe. Yes, sir! I've been dying to do this for a long time. All right, on your feet. Get over to the door. All right, drop 'em. Wilfred! Give me the gun, Wilfred. Stand back! Ooh. You know, Cheyenne. This is the best fight I had since I left Texas. Don't forget to drink your milk, Tommy. Oh, we'll take care of him till we hear from his relatives. I hope that'll be never. After you get to Fort Laramie, Cheyenne, where will you be heading? Oh, I guess we'll go wherever the government sends us, Tommy. Thanks for what you did for Julesburg. And for us, Cheyenne. I don't think my husband would mind if I kissed you goodbye, Cheyenne. As long as you're passin' out goodbyes like that, I'd like to have one of them myself. Goodbye, Smitty. Goodbye, Smitty! Goodbye, Cheyenne! Take care of yourself, Tommy. So long. We'll be seeing ya. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 