Cheyenne: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cheyenne 
 s1e15 - The Last Train West - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cheyenne (1955–1963): Season 1, Episode 15 - The Last Train West - full transcript 
 Settlers are needed in Ocatilla Valley, California. For $1.00 you can book passage as long as you make it your permanent home. Cheyenne boards as Jim Wade to elude capture for a murder he didn't commit. A preacher's sister notices the ruse and swears she is going to expose him at the next stop. Cheyenne must now figure out how to stop her from revealing the truth before he has a chance to catch the real killers: Dave Delaney, Jud Lawrence and Frank Bates. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Get your baggage ready, folks. In just a few more minutes, we'll be ready to start for the Ocatilla Valley. The land of health, happiness and prosperity. Thank you, and have a happy honeymoon. Oh, we will. I mean- Name. Henry Hinsler. Where are you from? Cleveland. Trade or profession. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Carpenter. You got a dollar? It's about all I have got. Raise your right hand. You solemnly swear you intend to make California your permanent home and not use this special rate for any other purpose? I do. Next man. Name. Looks like you've run out of pioneers, mister. I'm Lola McQuillan. I'll take one of your regular tickets. This is a special train for colonists. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like it says, "Permanent settlers only." Oh. Well, on second thought, mister, I'm a colonist. I'll take that special rate. One dollar? You mean you intend to make your permanent home in the Ocatilla Valley? I can hardly wait. Afraid not. This special train's for workmen, tradespeople and farmers only. That's why the fare is a dollar. You'll have to get another train. Well, what other train? They say this is the last one west before the snows come. I'm sorry, ma'am. Next, please. But all the seats won't be taken. You can see that. Oh, you don't understand. I've got to get to San Francisco. It's a matter of life or death. Not on this train. Next, please. But... Name. Wade. Jim Wade. Got a family? No. Where you from? Dodge City. Trade or profession. Uh, carpenter. Another carpenter, eh? Got yourself a dollar for the ride? Raise your right hand. Line up, folks. Hurry it up, hurry it up. We're already overdue. Hurry it up here. Now get your tickets and don't crowd. You'd better get aboard. Hurry it up here. Now get your tickets ready and don't crowd. Hurry it up folks, hurry it up. We're already overdue. Hurry it up, hurry it up. We're already overdue. Hurry it up here. Wait a minute. Leave that rope up. And don't anybody try to leave. What's the idea? I'm holding a train here that's already two hours behind schedule. Well, I'm going to ask your cooperation. The United States Marshal reports a convicted killer escaped yesterday afternoon. They wired his general description, and we'd like to look these people over. Well, there's a lot of men here. You mean you're gonna question 'em all? Look, I'll do everything I can to speed things up. What's his name? Cheyenne Bodie. But I hardly believe he'd give you that one. You heard the sheriff, folks. Now, we know there's no killer here. But he's asked for our cooperation. Now, let's give it to him so we can get on that train. All right, you single men... Men without families line up right along here. Have your identification ready. It's all right, shorty. You don't have to line up. Hey, you! Over here. Well, you said single men. I'm with my wife. Play this right, and you'll be on that train. Well, that's your trouble, darling. You look single. Thanks, Lola. Well, you know my name. What else do I call you besides "darling"? Jim's good enough. Jim Wade. Not Cheyenne Bodie? Not if you want to get on that train. Yes, Jim. Wait here. You'll need a ticket. Looks like I made a mistake. I thought it was a dollar a family. I'll need a ticket for my wife. Your wife? You said you were single. Not me. You asked if I had a family. Not yet we haven't. That'll have to wait till we get to California. Well, better make sure they're all boys. There's lots of work to do there. Here's your ticket. Young man. Yes, ma'am? Why aren't you over there being questioned with the other men? Well, the sheriff's only interested in single men. I heard what you said to that- That woman. Are you going to tell the sheriff the truth, or must I do it for you? You wouldn't want to get an innocent man in trouble, would you? You don't look like that kind of a woman. Innocent. You're the man they're looking for. Why else would you try to pass that woman off as your wife? They wouldn't let her on the train. She said it was a matter of life or death to get to California. I... suppose you think I'm being a busybody. But I can't close my eyes to something that looks wrong to me. And I think you should go over and get in that line. And I think that girl deserves a chance just like the rest of us. And all it takes to give it to her is a little human kindness. Haven't you finished yet? It's gettin' awful late. Well, from their papers, these men are who they claim to be. Sorry I delayed you. Ho, ho. Well, sorry it didn't work out for you, sheriff. All right everybody, all aboard. All aboard! Huh-ha. All aboard for the beautiful and prosperous Ocatilla Valley. Oh. Pardon me. Folks, an announcement. Well, we're on our way. Everybody comfy? Well, that's good. Heh. Now, this is going to be your home for the next few days, so you might just as well stretch out and relax. Now, if you'd like to go for a stroll, why, just saunter up and down the aisle. Even go in the next car if you wish. Now, if you get cold, or you'd like to cook something, why, just light the stove. And, heh, when you get sleepy, we've got plenty of bed boards that fit right across the seats. Now, the best plan is to sleep in shifts. Ladies first, of course. Ha-ha. Now, uh, are there any questions? That sounds kind of uncomfortable. Sounds worse than sitting up. Ho, ho. Our bed boards are made of soft wood. Ha-ha. Do we have to sleep... I mean, isn't there some way we could curtain ourselves off? Oh, well, now, hanging up a petticoat will take care of your problem, ma'am. But for the next few days we're going to be just one big, happy family. So I wouldn't worry too much about privacy. Heh. Now, are there any other questions? Where do we take a bath? I'm glad you brought that up. Now, all of you go right ahead and get better acquainted. You know, you might as well. Most of you are gonna be neighbors for the rest of your lives, heh. Well, I guess I'd better go up front and put in with some of those single men I've been hearing about. I was so sure I could hold a husband longer than half an hour. Don't think you'll ever have to worry about that. There might be some talk if we separate. Just thought I'd mention it. Well, I know, but... I'm getting off this train anyway in a few days. Sooner we part company the less talk they'll be. You're not going to California? Just to the Colorado line. Some business I've got to take care of. As Jim Wade or Cheyenne Bodie? I'm sorry. I had no right to ask that. I'll be up front a few seats. If you need anything, let me know. This place still open? Sure. Come right in. My name's Frank Perry. That's Emil Wagner and Cliff O'Neill. Hi. Jim Wade. My sister and I have been looking forward to going to California for months. I hope you folks will become members of my church. Excuse me. I'm not one to do something behind anyone's back. That's why I have to tell you this. When we come to the next stop, I'm going to tell the authorities about you. And don't try working on my sympathy for that woman again. Now that she's on the train, they won't put her off. Ma'am, I think you're right. Just so the girl can stay on the train, anything you do now is fine with me. Another one of your wives? Looks like she's gonna be a real problem. She insists it's her public duty to tell the sheriff at the next stop about you and me. They'll put us off the train? I don't think you need to worry. Well, what are you going to do? Only thing I can do. Try to soften her up before we get to the next stop. It'll be easy. Like trying to soften up a mountain. You don't seem to be a type of man to look for trouble. What happened? Well, it's kind of a long story, and not a very pretty one. Are they right? You killed a man? Would you believe me if I said no? Of course I would. My answer's no. Getting on this train seemed pretty important to you too. Yes. Terribly important. You want to talk about it? I don't think so. Like yours, it isn't a very pretty story. Let's just say I have to get to San Francisco in a hurry. Sure. Well, it's... It's getting chilly out here. I...think I'll go in. Good luck in Frisco. Good luck to you. That's the man. He's on that special train. But he's married. Had his wife with him. He might have had a wife with him, but she wasn't his. Are you sure that's the man? Sure, I'm sure. I remember him all right. He was the last man in line. Here. I got his name right here. Wade. Jim Wade. That's the same man. I'm satisfied. What's the next stop the special makes where there's a telegraph office? That would be Lone Butte, marshal. Due there tomorrow noon. Wire the sheriff of Lone Butte, and tell him to take a man named Jim Wade off that train and hold him for me. Why don't you sit down here, sweetheart. Is there something I can do to help? No. No, thank you. If there should be, I hope you'll call on me. Here, let me give you a hand. No reason for you to rush in right away. You know, you'd be a mighty fine-looking woman if you'd fix your hair different. I've been flattered before, for much better reasons. Believe me, I'm not superficial enough to be impressed by being called pretty. I don't recall saying you're pretty. I said you could be if you'd work at it some. It's really not worth discussing, is it? You hope to persuade me not to notify the sheriff. Well, you can stop trying. I guess I admit it, seeing as I'm not getting anywhere. Well... now that we understand, each other, I'll go back inside. Before you do that, I might as well finish what I started to say. You're a beautiful woman. But for some reason you don't want to be. Why? I don't believe that's true. And even if it were... it would be none of your business. Why not? You've made everything about me your business. They say you killed a man. That's what they say. Did you? No. Three men killed a man in White Bluff. Place several days up the line. I was a stranger in town, and they got me convicted to save their own skins. And now you're going back to White Bluff? That's right. Why? You're going to kill those men. And you'll hang for it. You must know that. I guess I'd rather hang for something I did than rot in a prison for something I didn't. Mr. Wade. The name's Cheyenne Bodie. I suppose you know this can't make any difference. I've never been able to compromise with what I believe is right. Sometimes I've been sorry that I couldn't. You still have to tell the sheriff at the next stop. Yes. I'm sorry. So am I. Good night. What's that? Hey, it must be Indians. Now, don't you worry about nothin', ma'am. If there's any Indians around here, I'll look after you myself. I'd prefer an Indian, if he was sober. That's what I like. A woman who will talk up to a man. What's your name? In your condition you couldn't pronounce it. Now, don't be alarmed, folks. We're just stopping to pick up logs for the engine. Come on, you strong backs, and give us a lift with them logs. You know, I kind of figured you'd follow me out here. What's the matter? The logs too heavy for you? There's nothing too heavy for me to lift. Stop it! Oh! Nothing in the world. Let me go! Don't be that- I think you better get back on the train. There's nothing I respect more than a minister... until I have a couple of drinks. I've had a couple of drinks, reverend. So you'd better be moving along before you get your collar dirty. May I help you up back on the train, miss-? Maybe you ought to use some of that muscle on the firewood. There's no real harm in the man, Miss McQuillan. These things are bound to happen once in a while. Well, you shouldn't have any trouble filling the collection plate. You can always scare 'em into it. What are your plans after you get to San Francisco? Well, get a job I suppose. San Francisco's a big town. I understand they have several theaters. I'm an actress. This is quite an event. I've never been this close to an actress before. Well, that makes us even. I've never been this close to a preacher. Mr. Wade? Here, use this. Folks, an announcement. In a few more minutes, we'll be making our first stop. Town of Lone Butte. Now, you'll all have time to get a good hot meal. Mr. Wade. I wanna talk to you. Sure. I think you told me the truth last night. Thanks. What you're planning to do is still wrong. I don't think so. Vengeance is mine. I will repay saith the Lord. That's a good solid quotation. But this is one time it's not practical. Those men are killers, and they're running loose. Please. Please listen to me. If you promise to stay on this train when we get to White Bluff... I'll forget what I know about you. I know that wasn't easy for you to say. I'm grateful. But I can't accept it. Then... Then you don't leave me any choice. Well, step right in, gents. Only one dollar, all the way to the Ocatilla Valley. You're not going anyplace. You got a man named Jim Wade on this train? Wade? Oh, oh. You mean the tall fella? Yeah. There he is. Get 'em up, quick. Now that I got a gun, you can put 'em down again. Looks like you kind of snookered me, Mr. Wade. I figured a bad man had brought along his own gun. Get off your horse. You gonna... shoot me? Not unless you give me a reason to. Get out of those clothes. Boy, they're gonna laugh me right out of town when I show up like this. Especially without my gun. That's a mighty fine weapon, bad man. Cost me two months' wages. I'll send it back to you when I'm through with it. Oh, well, in that case, don't cut any notches in the butt. I'd hate to get a bad repu- Comanches? Yep. Looks like a lucky thing for you you're not on the train no more. Why? Well, tracks run right through Big Rope's country. He never did like the railroad. You heading west, bad man? Yeah. Well, if I was you, I'd cut south for a day first. Much obliged. My pleasure. You could've put a bullet through me and had my outfit just the same. You won't forget to send my gun back. Not if I'm still able. Name's Orville Jones, of Lone Butte. So long, bad man. All right, smart guy. Thought we were rid of you. Maybe it's a good thing you're not. If you don't start backing this train up to Lone Butte, you're gonna be up to your floorboards in Indians. What do you mean? Why the Indians have always been peaceful along this route. You're not fooling anybody. You're making a bad mistake, Tatum. Better start backing out of here while you still got a chance. You're gonna be tied up and put in the baggage car till we make our next stop. Keep him covered, boys. Ugh. Keep your heads down, folks! Keep your heads down! Will you tie me up, Mr. Tatum? We got to back up and get out of here. I'll tell the engineer. It's too late for that. Stop this train now, and we're all dead. Our only chance now is to outrun 'em. Better get somebody to cover the crew and the engine. Keep your heads down, folks! Now, keep 'em! You all right? Of course I'm all right. Reverend, see to it that these folks keep their heads down. No need for 'em to take any chances. I get $5 a head for every one I get to California. And I aim to deliver everybody. Keep down! Don't take any chances! Yee-haw! Yee-haw! There's a doctor in the next car. Get him quick. I guess this is what comes of hitting a preacher. You didn't hit me that hard. Lie still. Doctor will have you patched up in no time. They don't make patches that big, reverend. You were right. We're outrunning 'em! It's a little early for crowing. Look over there. You're a woman, aren't ya? Out here when a man gets hurt, the right kind of woman helps. You're not at all frightened, are you? I suppose I am. I...haven't had time to notice it. I must've known it all along. Known what? That you're a wonderful woman. You sound like you've been hit in the head and not the shoulder. Here, put your arm in this. You really want me to put my arm in that sling? You have to. W-what's the matter? My arm goes in that sling if you tell me why you were crying last night. All right. Hey, they're falling back! Hey, we've outrun them. We licked 'em. Everybody all right in this car? Anybody hurt? Lost one man, Mr. Tatum. One man, huh? That's too bad. Too bad. Well, it could've been worse. Mr. Bodie? I mean, Mr. Wade. I think I speak for everybody here when I say we're running a railroad, not a jailhouse. As far as I'm concerned, you've paid your dollar, and you can ride this train as far as it goes. That goes for me too. Me too. Me too, yeah. I wonder if I'll ever get used to country like this. You'll begin to wonder how you ever got along without it. I remember the first time I... You changed your hair. Yes. I'm sorry, Ruth. Why? With most women it would've been all right, but... No, Cheyenne. You needn't be concerned for me. I know you're gonna leave this train, exactly as you told me. I knew that when- When you kissed me. So don't feel sorry for me, or apologetic for what just happened. You've done a wonderful thing for me. You've made me realize I'm a woman. For me, there was never any doubt about it. But you need help too. Perhaps more than I did. It's those three men... You hate them because they're killers, and because of what they did to you. Do I have to tell you that if you kill them... you'll become what they are? I'll go on to California and start a new life. But you... You'll get off at White Bluff and- And lose yours. So you see... our exchange wasn't really a fair one. Was it? We've got some unfinished business, remember? I'm not going to talk about it. I- I can't. Lola, look at me. I can't. No matter what it is, it can't be as bad as you picture it. The only way you can learn that is by putting it into words for me. I have a child. Laurie. She's 5 now. My sister and her husband took her to San Francisco for me. I got word last week that my- My sister died. Her husband never wanted Laurie. There's- There's no telling what he's done with her by now. Then you're married? He was killed at Appomattox before we... And this is what you couldn't tell me. How could you expect me to? Because things like that happen in wartime. They always have and they always will. That doesn't excuse it. No. But it's over and done. You lost the man you loved, but at least you still have his child. You're the gentlest person I've... ever known. Lola... I want to go on to San Francisco with you... and get Laurie. They say the Ocatilla Valley is a wonderful place to raise children. Folks...an announcement. This is White Bluff. Now, you'll all have time to get a good hot meal at the Palace Hotel, and a chance to stretch your legs. About time too, huh? You thought I'd leave without saying goodbye? Yes. Well, I'm glad I didn't have to. There's something I had to tell you first. I'm getting off here, but... if I can help it, nobody's gonna get killed. All I wanna do now is get at the truth. So you see, it was a fair exchange after all. Don't forget, folks, train leaves in an hour. Jud. Cheyenne Bodie's in town. Are you crazy or just drunk? Bodie's behind federal bars, and you know it. I'm telling you, Jud, I just seen him two streets over. He's headed this way. What about the sheriff? You tell him? Oh, he's out at the Circle J, him and his deputy. Get word to Dave. Fast. Look, Bodie. You got me. Uh- I- Somebody stop him. He's gonna kill me. Don't do it, Bodie. I'm the only one that can clear you. Keep talking, Jud. Dave Delaney killed Peters. Dave paid me and Frank Bates to help pin the killin' on you. Delaney's dead. Did you figure on laying all the blame on him? It's true. You got to believe me. Where's the sheriff? I just sent my kid after him. I see about six of you people that were on my jury. Now, you can start telling it all over again for them. We was there when it happened, but... it was Dave that done it. I didn't want any part of it. It was Dave Delaney that killed Peters. Dave paid me and Frank Bates to help pin the killing on you. I do wish we could persuade you to come to California. Be proud to have you come along with us, Mr. Bodie. Besides, I hate to lose that extra $5. Ah, it's like I was telling Ruth, Mr. Tatum. They want me to stay around town until things get straightened out. You can do me a favor, though. On your way back through Lone Butte, would you see that a deputy by the name of Orville Jones gets this? He, uh, kind of loaned it to me. Be glad to. Thanks, Cheyenne, for everything. Much obliged to you, Lola. Good luck, Cheyenne. Same to you. All right! All aboard for the beautiful and prosperous Ocatilla Valley. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 