Mind Games: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mind Games 
 s1e2 - Asymmetric Dominance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mind Games (2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - Asymmetric Dominance - full transcript 
 The team is hired by an executive at a consulting firm who's been overlooked for a promotion she's next in line for in place of a younger male candidate with less experience. Meanwhile, Ross is worried that Beth can't keep their secret from the past and hires a con-woman pal to find out Beth's real intentions with Clark. Later, Ross tries to call a truce with Claire but she still doesn't trust his motives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Mind Games"... We research and deploy a psychological strategy. We change people's minds without them knowing we did it. - What the hell is she doing here? - Who's that? - My ex-wife. - Our new office manager! Claire calms me down, Ross. She's like a magic feather. Everything... everything in here makes me think of Beth. That was not the agreement. I paid you to just disappear. You understand? That's all of it. I don't want it. I won't tell him about our deal. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It would be as bad for me as it would for you. Really? Are you his brother? Ever wish you could magically change someone's mind? Get your spouse or boss to see things your way? That special someone to fall for you? What if you could not only change their minds but do it without them knowing it had happened? Well, now it's possible. Dr. Clark Edwards is a world-renowned influence and manipulation expert who can tailor a plan to influence any situation and solve any problem. With his years of experience, Dr. Clark can scientifically make your dreams come true. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A free consultation provides you with all the tools you will need to get your life goin in the direction you want it to go. What? It's great! I know I'm going to throw up, and I know I'm going to kill you. - I just can't decide on an order. - Yes, it's simple, - but that is the type of message that we need to... - No. - Do you see that light bulb? That light bulb costs $27. - It does? Yep. Believe me... I'm well aware of your expensive tastes. It's not about taste. It's about signaling, okay? We spent a fortune we didn't have pulling this place together, down to the last detail, in order to reassure potential clients that, while the business may sound dubious, one look at our surroundings, and they would feel confident that we were legit. And now you go off and start running an ad that looks like we're selling power crystals. There actually was a pretty interesting study on power crystals. - Miles. - Miles. I've counted $675 in light bulbs, Ross. We are a month late on the electric, and we're standing under $675 in light bulbs? They're actually really inefficient bulbs, too. What kind of person just makes an ad and starts running it without telling anyone? The kind of person who's trying to generate business, trying to get people in so they can be mystified by these stupid light bulbs. Then why are you running it in the middle of the night when no one's watching? Plenty of people are watching TV in the middle of the night. Our people... people with problems, problems that keep them up worrying, wishing someone, anyone could save them. And then along comes Dr. Clark. Dr. Clark sounds like a children's dentist. Guys, I'm not proud of it, but if I saw that ad and I was up and I was desperate, I'd probably call. Thank you. Finally, a voice of reason. No, the ads are coming down. End of discussion. Then how do you propose we tell people that we're here? We don't! It has to be a secret. They have to feel like they're discovering something... exclusivity! How exclusive is bankruptcy? 'Cause being a secret, that's what's gonna happen. Excuse me. Hi. I'm looking for Dr. Clark. I saw an ad. Of course you did. Come right in. My boss... her name is Cathy Stewart. She's been with Bellerman Consulting for over 30 years. I've been her assistant for the last two. She's sort of like having your mom for a boss, if your mom could increase overall market share and remember the names of all 437 employees and their kids. The point is, she'll do absolutely anything for the company, and people love her for it. And for that reason, she was next in line to be our C.E.O. - But she's not gonna get it. - They suddenly got cold feet and brought in another candidate... this young guy, Trent Hanes. He's like a handsome mannequin, but with less experience. Apparently, the board thinks his youth would send a better message to Wall Street about the direction of the company than a more experienced, meaning "old," candidate like Cathy. See? Signaling. Anyway, what was supposed to be a done deal for Cathy is now totally up in the air. The board has formal interviews Thursday and then announces their decision. And I was up late, and I saw your ad, and I thought maybe you guys can do whatever it is you do to help make sure she gets the job. Well, it would really depend on numerous... We can absolutely help. We specialize in exactly these kinds of cases. I... I should warn you... I haven't actually mentioned any of this to Cathy yet. She might be a bit skeptical you can actually do what you say. - We have light bulbs for that. - I'm sorry? Chris, I'm confident that once Cathy sits down with Dr. Clark... How would you like it if I started calling you "Mr. Ross"? Mr. Ross, can I have an apple? Mr. Ross, will you please push me on my bike? - Mr. Ross... - My apologies, Dr. Edwards. All her doubts will completely evaporate. Great. Okay. I've got to admit, I'm a bit relieved. You see an ad like that at 2:00 in the morning, you have to expect to show up and find that the office is a couple of card tables in a strip mall. Huh. We look forward to meeting her. Wow. You see that? One ad, and "boom"... high-profile client, big paycheck, the kind of thing that puts us on the map. Now we get a C.E.O. and an ad talking about how Dr. Clark... Where is Clark? He's in his office. Latrell's making him look at decorative compact fluorescents. Did you say hello to Beth? Oh, yeah. Hello. Will you tell Clark she's here? - Happily. - Okay. - So, anyway, it's got two flats. - Yeah. And it's summer in Kansas. - And I don't know if you've ever been there in the summertime. - No, I haven't. Oh, it's so pretty. It's... I mean, it is. It's just... - oh, it's just... - I'm sorry, but, um, could I actually have a moment with Beth? My office? You will never pull this off. You're not built for it. You will trip up. Clark will figure it all out, you will take me down with you, and that can't happen. Look, you paid me to get Clark to fall for me. You didn't say I wasn't allowed to fall for him. I felt like that was implied when we talked about you going away and never coming back. Why are you so worried about me? You've got the same secret to keep. I've had a lot more practice than you. Well, it's lying. I'm not learning to play the violin. I think I'll survive. You're not from Kansas. What? You're from Wisconsin. - No, I'm from Kan... - I know you're from Wisconsin because Clark and I are from Wisconsin, and you telling Clark that you were also from Wisconsin was one of the ways that you bonded in the first place. You can't even keep your story straight in a simple conversation with Claire. You will never pull this off. Hi, Beth! - Hi! - Hey! What's going on? Ross was just telling me how happy he is that I came back. Oh. Right. Hmm. - All right, let's go get my stuff, and we'll go. - Whoa! You can't leave. We're right in the middle of something. Okay, we'll be in the middle of something later. - We're just going to lunch. - What if Chris calls? We have no idea when Cathy's gonna want to see us. Come on. This is the kind of case we've been waiting for. We need to be... preparing, not running off to lunch with our little... Yeah, yeah, if you're busy... - I'm not busy. - Yes! You are! Ross, just because you have a parole officer doesn't mean you get to act like one. Well, just because your girlfriend's a child doesn't mean you get to act like one. Clark, come on. Come on. I have two questions for you. One... do you think that that guy Chris was checking me out? We have a Yoko, Miles. Did I miss something? We're on the verge of our break, and we have a 22-year-old Yoko with fuzzy memories of Wisconsin. Yoko Ono was from Wisconsin? No, Miles. Apparently, she was from Kansas. - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www.addic7ed.com - Ross, you've got to get Clark out of his office. Chris was very specific about what time Cathy could meet, and if we don't leave... five minutes ago. Okay, well... well, never mind. We're already late. This is crazy! I'm going in. Claire said she needed a few minutes with him, Ross. We ran out of minutes. First, Beth took them, and then Claire took them, and now we're out. What we need now is Clark. She said not to let you in. This is your job now... to stand here and keep everyone out? Not everyone. Just you. Fine. Whoa, Ross. I want to apologize. Uh... I do care about this business. This is an excellent opportunity, and I shouldn't have acted like it didn't matter. Okay. Beth is also very important to me. And I'm not blind. I can see that you don't like her hanging around. - It's just that work demands so... - No, but that doesn't work for me. For my health and stability, I need you to find a way to accept that she's a part of my life. Can you do that for me? Of course. Great. Let's go get this job! Right. Yeah. Miles, what do you know about C.E.O.s? Uh, according to one study, they have a higher incidence of psychopaths - than any other profession. - Excellent. Latrell, your job is to keep Miles from speaking - during the meeting. - What exactly did you say to him? Why do you want to know? Because it was obviously more effective than when I yelled, and I'd like to learn to handle these situations better. Or maybe you're just afraid that your ex-wife has Clark's ear, and you want to learn how to get it back A.S.A.P. All right, forget it. I was just trying to call a truce here. Oh, yeah, Ross, I'd love to believe that, but, see, I learned the hard way what happens when I trust you... not doing that again. - She's a little upset. - You're late. Chris, what have I told you I want to do to people who are late? - You've asked for a trapdoor leading to a volcano. - Asked repeatedly. - There have been some feasibility concerns. - Oh, there you go. You owe your lives to feasibility concerns. - Good morning, Grace. - Good morning. Ms. Stewart, we completely understand how important... Oh, you do? You understand what it's like to be told that 30 years' experience is great as long as you don't look like you've had more than 10? You know, John, our last C.E.O., was two years older than me when he took the job. But, apparently, I'm aging in ways that threatens stock prices. I never thought to be embarrassed about my age until someone suggested I should be mortified about it, and now I am... so mortified, in fact, that I find myself waiting around for an ex-con and a bipolar professor with psychological problems - to save me. - Ms. Stewart... What? You didn't think I was gonna look you up? I know all your secrets. The fact that I have to ask for anyone's help, let alone yours... is embarrassing. Come on. Hi. Hello, Ms. Stewart. I'm Clark, the, uh, Professor with the psychological problems. Um, we were late today because of me. That's my fault. It's one of my issues. Can I tell you what your issue is? You don't seem to understand anything about how decisions get made. Oh, is that my issue? No, no, no. What... what he's trying to say is... Mm-hmm. Wait. No, it is! Do you have any idea how complex the human brain is? There... there are more connections in a cubic centimeter of your brain tissue than there are stars in the galaxy! That makes 3 pounds of galaxies between your ears. And you know what the crazy part is? Most of it's out of your control. The part that you think is you... the part that's thinking and deciding and weighing all the evidence... that part is so small. It's like... it's like a mouse in the belly of a 747 that thinks he's flying the plane. Your problem is, you're telling the mouse that you deserve to be C.E.O. We know how to talk to the captain. I can't tell if you're calling me the mouse, the captain, or the airplane. I'm asking you if you want to win. Look around. This company has been my home for most of my life, these people... my family. Yeah, I want to win. But you know what I want more? To lose because the other guy was better, not because someone's counting the tree rings around my face. We're not gonna let you lose. Visual aids... part of the reason why we're late. Um... which one of these guys is better? - What do you mean, "better"? - Just better. Who do you like better? I don't know. I... Go. Now who's better? I don't know. I... - Maybe the middle one. - That is exactly what over 80% of the people exposed to this study say. When we're asked to make a decision about two very different things, your brain struggles with the problem, but as soon as you have something to compare one of the choices to, your brain interprets the favorite among those... As the overall favorite! It's called asymmetrical dominance. - What does this have to do... - You're going to win because we're gonna add a third candidate to the race. You're going to give me more competition? Oh, no, no. No. No. By adding a decoy candidate who is essentially a lesser version of you, we guarantee that you compare favorably to that person. And because you win that comparison, we virtually guarantee that you win the whole race. It's fairly standard procedure. Actually, as far as I know, it's never been done under these circumstances. You are horrible at accepting help. Say I believe this insane idea. Where exactly do you find the decoy candidate? Claire. These are the people in your company who are roughly your age and roughly your experience but are still less qualified than you. Adding any of them should make the youthful candidate the outlier and you the victor via asymmetrical dominance. This is crazy! I... I know you're very smart, but, uh, maybe I should just let the chips fall where they may. - But... - Cathy? I thought I told you to send me everything from the second quarter, 2011. Yes, and despite telling me instead of asking me, I did it anyway, Trent. I haven't received it. Well, should I send Chris over to help you check your e-mail? The same thing happens when my mom tries to send me something. "I hit the buttons, Trent, but the pictures are stuck in the Internet." "Stuck in the Internet, Trent." That's your competition? All right, let me get this straight. You are basically looking for the next most qualified but under-appreciated person at the company, somebody who's been here forever but still isn't getting the respect they deserve. Exactly. That's easy Jim Clemons. And I know how good he is because I'm the one who put him in the current spot he's in. And I know he's under-appreciated because I had to fight like hell to do it. You know, he really is perfect... experienced, loyal, older, and way too boring to actually be in charge. Hmm, now you just need to make him seem sexy enough to deserve a last-minute interview. According to Chris, there is one board member... this guy, Walter Dickens... who spearheaded the entire search. So he has the power to call Jim in all by himself. Yeah, but all these analyst reports and news stories... they're all about Cathy and Trent. It's like Jim doesn't even exist. If we could find someone who would at least name him as a viable contender, then we could build an inference strategy around an expert opinion. He was mentioned in one of these reports. This one. No, I read that one front to back. He's not in it. What if he used to be? What if I heard somebody leaned on the analyst and had Jim's name taken out, and that's the only reason it's not here? I'm not sure I know where you're going with this, but I think I like it... some sort of redacted-persuasion technique. - I have no idea what that means, but, yes, I... - I'm sorry. Am I interrupting? Beth, ohh, I'm sorry. I totally forgot to call you. We've... we've got this big assignment. - W... we're in the middle of trying to figure out... - Oh, it's okay. I understand. - You do? - Yeah. Okay, um, i... it sounds like you're talking about a combination of inference strategy and confidential elevation, which might be kind of genius. Um, yeah. The, uh... the genius thing. That's exactly what I was suggesting. Excuse me. Excuse me, Miss. Miss. Uh, are you Beth Scott? - Yes. Who are you? - I'm Justine Liford. I'm a lawyer looking into an incident involving you and one of your professors... Dr. Clark Edwards... at the university. I think it's time that you and I had a serious discussion. Beth, I'm gonna put it to you simply. You may not realize it, but you're owed a significant sum of money. What are you talking about? What happened at the university was wrong. You were preyed on by an older Professor who abused his power and left you so distraught that, ultimately, you had to drop out, disrupting your education and leaving a lasting scar that the university is neither acknowledging or accounting for. W... wait. I'm not interested in any sort of lawsuit. Well, women in your position often say that. But situations like this... universities know they're in the wrong, and they're usually quick to settle. In my experience, cases like this are somewhere in the area of $200,000 to $300,000. Now, I know that the thought of testifying against someone that you are in a relationship with... it scares a lot of women into silence. But things like this, where it's just so obvious you've been wronged... they don't get that far. It's not about testifying. Clark and I... You're gonna tell me you're back together with him. Yes. Oh, I know. It happens. Your life is so altered, and everything is so confused by the traumatic event that you end up turning to the very person that hurt you for comfort. And, yes, to be honest, before we could proceed, - you would have to end that relationship. - Oh, I'm... Now, Beth, I'm not interested in your answer right now. This is the rest of your life we're talking about. Don't think about where you are right now. Think about where you're really headed, and then you get back to me. Okay, we're about to make Jim seem like such a big deal that he goes from being a guy at the company to a guy they want to interview to run the company. The whole board is here, but the man in the corner... Walter Dickens... he's the one we care about. Megan, you're first up with the inference manipulation. - The reporter bit. - Okay. The rest of you, follow with the loss-aversion priming on my cue. Did we discuss a cue? What is the cue? Ohh. Okay. No, that's bad. No. I'm gonna tug my ear. That might be hard to see from across the room. It's supposed to be subtle. It's like... What if we can't see it? What if you wipe your forehead? - Wipes his forehead? He's not gonna tell you to steal second. - Yeah, that's stupid. - Well, I don't know. - No, guys, I will just raise my hand and pretend like I'm waving at somebody. - I'll just raise my hand. - Okay. Yeah, that's great. - Don't. - What are you doing? Spread out. Let's go. - Scatter. - Come on. Ms. Stewart. All right, what exactly are you and I doing? I believe you are vesting me with authority. And how long does that take? Just until Walter's seen it. Oh, cheese. Right there. There! No, not you. Move. Go, um, give... give the signal. - Mr. Dickens? - Yes? Hi! I'm Tamryn Shaw. I'm doing a story on the C.E.O. vacancy. I can't really comment on board policy. Look, I don't need anything on the record. I'm just trying to cut through some of the rumors about Jim Clemons. - Jim? - The whole Stillman report thing. No, I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. Well, obviously, a lot of people are talking about how Jim would be perfect for the job but he's not being mentioned publicly. I guess that's where rumors come from. The real conspiracy theorists think it was your competition, allied, who got his name taken out of the Stillman report. - Why would they do that? - Because they want him. But Jim's not going anywhere unless you give him a reason. So allied paid to squash the name so you'd overlook him, and they could use the slight to pry him out of here. I can't comment, except to say that, obviously, Jim is a highly valued member of the team. Excuse me. You're good, Walter. These are so small. - Can I just keep it? - Clark, Clark. What? Walter. It just makes more sense because they're... - No. There's Walter. - Oh, yeah. Positioning is perfect. Send him in. Hey. I'm sorry to interrupt. Can... can I ask you a question in privacy? Sure. Excuse me. Thanks. It's kind of embarrassing. I, uh... you see, I have this drink, and I spilled on my shirt. Oh. I mean, the whole board is here, and I don't want to look like an idiot. See that guy talking to Jim Clemons? - Who is it? - He's a headhunter. Works with Gray and White. They deal exclusively with executives for top-10 firms. Guess the rumors are true. I heard there's at least three firms after him. I can't believe the board would leave him so open to being poached like that. No. - What? - No! What? That tall guy... he can't be there. He'll sub... subconsciously minimize Jim! - Wait, wait. - No, no, no. No, no, no. I'm sure they'll at least interview him. They'd be crazy not to. Hi. I'm sorry, but you need to move. I heard the board got his name pulled from the report themselves so he could be their surprise candidate. That almost makes sense. Height is a form of dominance display that... that subconsciously minimizes our subject. - So just seeing you stand here means... - I don't know what you're talking about. You're messing everything up, and you need to move. - Is that clearer? - Just Just step over... hey. - Would you excuse me for a second? - Sure. - I'm so sorry. - Yeah. You look fine. - Step over here. - Hey, hey, hey! Is there a problem here? This guy is messing up our whole strategy! - Clark, relax. - I am relaxed! Look... hey, hey, hey! He's not listening, okay? We can't be here right now! Sir, sir, I need you to leave, okay? Don't! - Don't! Don't! I said don't! - You have to calm down, sir! - Calm down! - I am calm! I can go out myself, all right?! You don't need to push me! You need to go out right now. No! Oh! We nailed it. A guy that tall is a walking-dominance display. - He's distracting from... - All right, let me get this straight. You... you were worried about a distraction. You decided to solve it with a melee? Huh? I asked him politely to leave. - I thought you could handle this. - I was, Ross. - Guys. - It was your job. - What? - What, Miles? Behind you. Ms. Stewart. That was impressive. - Ms. Stewart... - I may not understand the infinite complexities of the human mind, Dr. Edwards, but I understand that I trusted you, handed you everything that was important to me, everything that I've worked for, and you made me regret it. We don't know that it didn't work. Do you really think that Walter was still paying attention to us after Clark started wrestling tall people? Hi. I'm looking for Mr. Edwards. Um, which one? It's fine, Latrell. I'll take this. Would you like to step into my office? So... So... She didn't take the bait. - She didn't believe you were a lawyer? - No, no, she believed. She just wasn't tempted... at all. - What kind of numbers did you throw out? - I was mentioning somewhere in the neighborhood of $300,000 as a settlement... no trial, nothing. - She's in love, Ross. - Come on. Not only was she not interested in a suit, she threatened to hire a lawyer and come after me if I did anything to hurt Clark. I would say that she's a lot closer to being your sister-in-law than she is to disappearing. Great. Well, appreciate the help. Oh, God Not nearly as much as I appreciate you thinking about me. I mean, since I... I got out, I've been trying to do the right thing, really, but it's hard when your record is blemished. Believe me... I am well aware. So... I was thinking, with a job like this, you know, something where I could use what I know but stay out of trouble... I'd love to help you out, but right now, we can't even afford to pay for our light bulbs. Chris just heard from Dickens' assistant. They're making plans to bring Jim in for an interview. That's great! Does Clark know? What are you doing? Oh, um... I was getting, like, a high-five vibe, I thought. I don't know. It... it... it seemed app... Thank you, person! You see? I fit right in. Hey! You heard? This is good! Mm... we got lucky. I almost blew it. But you didn't. But I could have. Ross, I... I can't be responsible for other people's lives like this. I'm barely managing mine. I... You're the only reason the rest of us are here. Who you are makes all of this possible. Who I am is the problem. You delivered what you promised. That's what you do. That's who you are. So, some drinks get spilled. We'll get better at helping you manage that. Never lose sight of the fact that this is a win because of you, not in spite of you. Huh? Come on! Hey. Want to go get something to eat? Actually, I'd love to, but, uh, got some other messes to clean up. She said she was a lawyer. - She said there were legal repercussions. - She wasn't a lawyer. Yes, she was. Here, I have her card. Justine was with me. I hired her to talk with you. There wasn't gonna be a lawsuit. Given her history, she pretty much hates lawyers. Are you kidding me? Ross, I haven't slept since that woman came over here, - and the whole time, you... - Look, I needed to know if you were really here for Clark or if you had some kind of number in mind. At least if you'd been lying about being in love, we'd be speaking the same language. I have a lot of experience dealing with liars who just want money. Unfortunately, you seem to be telling the truth. - I am. - Well, the truth isn't going to fix your back story and the one that we created for you to get close to Clark wasn't built to last. And, obviously, you're already slipping up. Okay, so, what do we do? We figure out the lies you've told. We marry them to enough real details from your background so you don't forget under pressure. And you're going to teach me to do all of that? I'll teach you what there is to teach. What does that mean? It means that lies are like boomerangs. You throw them out as hard and as far as you possibly can. But, eventually, they always come back. When they do, you just hope that the people that are around want to give you the benefit of the doubt. I will give you a good story. But eventually, if you really want to make it, you're gonna have to make everybody love and trust you just as much as Clark does. So, this was in high school? No, junior high. Why? Does it not work? No, it's fine. The stories should be true when they can be. You just have to make sure that they connect up to the lies. Okay, now, I... I'm curious, actually. - Now, what did the coach do to you? - Oh, he confiscated the whole bag, - and then we never heard about it again. - Of course he did! That's what they do. - Typical. Unbelievable. - Hey. Hey! What's... what's going? Uh... nothing. Uh, Beth and I, um... Well, we kind of got off on the wrong foot, thought we'd take a moment to sort of get to know each other a little better. I'm actually gonna head out, so I will leave you two lovebirds on your own. - Beth, I enjoyed the chat. - Me too. - You. - Oh, God. Hey. Hold on. One sec. Hey. Hey. I really... it means a lot to see you doing this. I really... I appreciate it. It's no big deal. I was on my way home. They officially offered our decoy candidate, Jim, the opportunity to interview for C.E.O. Yeah, Cathy's as good as in. We already knew that. He turned them down. Cathy just sat down with Jim herself. He says he knows he's not gonna win against her and Trent. He doesn't want to put himself and his family through the entire process for a hopeless cause. We don't have time to trump up another candidate. Our only chance is to convince Jim that he's actually got a shot at winning this. But you handpicked him because he has no chance of winning. What kind of person doesn't want to be the boss? The kind who's smart enough to know they're never gonna get the job. There you go... you dumb him down a little, and you're home free. That's actually a brilliant idea. Was it actually an idea? We're gonna need a very attractive female. - Megan. - Older. Someone with gravity. Actually, I might know just the person. You understand... this is a one-off deal. - That's... - Can you please stop focusing on firing me before I've even done anything? This her? Clark, this is Samantha Gordon. Are you ovulating? Um, that's a new one. It would really help if you were ovulating. You know, it occurs to me that you might have been a bit vague about what exactly you wanted me to do. Just put that on, and I'll explain on the way. You'll see... it'll have something to do with science. The human brain is essentially two parts... the basal ganglia, which is the most primitive one and guides your most primal, impulsive instincts, then the prefrontal cortex, which is most recently evolved and is responsible for your consciousness and reasoning. Trick is... primitive one's driving the bus. Of the higher-functioning part, it can offer advice, opinions, cautions. But the primitive one makes the final call on whatever we're going to do. So if we aim our approach at Jim's most basic instinct... ... while quieting his higher brain, he should do exactly what we ask him to. The sexual instinct is the strongest and most primal one we face. In the presence of an attractive female, men immediately experience a boost in testosterone, find themselves driven to more thoughtless, risky behavior. That's why I asked if you were ovulating. It exacerbates this behavior. The color red signals a sexual display and demands one in return, compelling Jim to try to be impressive. You'll introduce yourself as an executive salary-negotiation specialist, which will imbue you with expert authority. Our reasoning centers have been shown to largely turn off when we're told we're listening to an expert. We simply take in what they're saying without regards to risk. Yeah, I'm getting a pretty good sense of how that works. We've done our homework, Jim, and you are a genuine diamond in the rough. Oh, well, I'm sorry. I... I don't see it. Well, that modesty is what makes people love you, Jim. - Oh. - If I didn't think that you could actually win, I wouldn't be wasting my time. Wait! There's one more strategy that we want you to employ... - rhyming. - Rhyming? In study after study, when information is presented in the form of a rhyme, it boosts processing fluency and is... is judged to be more accurate and persuasive. Do you seriously want me to rhyme in a business meeting? - Yes. - There were over 100 days of expert testimony in the O.J. Simpson trial, all of which was trumped by the most persuasive rhyme in history... "If it doesn't fit... " "You must acquit." Trust me. This is gonna work. The thing is, Jim, the bold end up with the gold. Yes. Y... y... you keep saying that. So show them that's you. Let people see that you're a real leader. You're the kind of person this company needs. You're the kind of person this company deserves. No, I... it's just never gonna happen. Uh, between Cathy and Trent? I'm... I'm sorry, but I don't want to put myself and my family through something like this when I know there's no way they're gonna take me over them. Look, I really appreciate the... the visit, but I don't want to waste any more of your time. I... You know what, Jim? You know what? You're right. You can't win. Both those other candidates are stronger, and one of them is absolutely gonna be the next C.E.O. But here's the thing... it doesn't matter. You are gonna be a different person just for interviewing for the job, and having been a candidate for the top job is something that a person like me can use to get you a 30% bump to stay right where you are the next time your contract is up. You don't have to win. You just... have to be in... Jim. Hey. Hey, guys, I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry. It wasn't working. I had to go with something else. Confidence priming has been shown to be far more effective than lose-win scenarios. That's why we drew it up that way. It's... it's not always an immediate effect. You should have let him sit with it for a while. Okay, look, I'm... I'm no scientist, but I've developed a pretty keen eye for knowing when someone's gonna take the bait, and Jim wasn't biting. I... I don't know, like, the technical term for it, but I do know that dollar signs let you point someone in the direction that you want them to go. So, Jim knew that he was gonna lose. Instead of fighting it, I just convinced him that losing still got him paid. I... I... I did use a rhyme, if that's worth anything. Yes, yes. - I mean... - Uh, thank you for your help. Hey, we'll see you back at the... at the office, okay? Oh, come on. You'd have done the same thing. And it's still gonna work. I'm telling you, if you just give me a chance, I really... I told you... I shouldn't be writing you this check as it is. It's not about the money to me, Ross. Look, I'm trying to be a good girl... just looking for a lifeline here. - When something changes... - Yeah, yeah. I know how this part goes. Hello. Really? Ahh, no, no. No. No. I... I actually think that's a really smart decision, Jim. Yeah, you know what? I'm, um... I'm actually in the middle of a negotiation right now, so can I call you back? Great, great. Thanks. He wants the interview, wanted to talk about what sort of salary demands to make when he came up again. I just won your case. You're welcome. Sam, why are you being this way? I told you when you did it that it was a one-time thing. But on the bright side, it's nice to finally walk out of a meeting where I don't get the job and feel like it's because the other person is an idiot. You sure that's a good idea? Caffeine actually increases the speed at which you process sensory information. You think, act, talk faster. Somebody gave you the impression you talk too slowly. She got it?! She got it! Chris just called! Cathy... - Got the job. We put it together. - Yeah! Mm! Come on! - I didn't play sports. This is what I have. - Yeah! I don't really know what to say. Well, it was really asymmetrical dominance. No, no, brains, planes, mice, asymmet... whatever. You did it... all of you. It means more to me than you can know. Thank you. Chris, did we get the champagne? Uh, I'm sorry. There's a problem. What? It's Jim. - They're letting him go. - What? A... apparently, they discovered some inconsistencies in his background... lies about his education and the first couple jobs. That's why he didn't want to interview. Until we pushed him into it. Look, this can't... you... you... We... we... we chose this strategy, rather than attacking your opponent specifically because we didn't want anyone getting hurt while delivering you the job. Ms. Stewart, you... you... you have... - you have to go say something. You have to go tell them that... - I already have. You knew? I was informed this morning. I urged them to reconsider. Urged them? You're the new C.E.O. No, it's more complicated than that. He did lie. There are issues of legal liabilities. - Without a degree, he... - Stop, stop. Listen to yourself. You don't even believe what you're saying. You know where I'd be if people still focused on what I did instead of what I'm doing? Jim is your guy... you didn't fight for him to get promoted because of his r?sum?. You fought for him because you knew that he was damn good at his job. - Yes, but what what ha... - Cathy, I know how much you want this, how hard you've worked for it, but this isn't the way you want it. You know Jim, really know Jim, and if you don't stand up for him, then who will? And if that is the person that you have to become in order to get this job, you're not winning anything. You're losing everything. Ms. Stewart, the board is waiting for you. Don't let them do this to Jim or to you. I'm sorry. I need to go. After an exhaustive and thorough search, it gives me great pleasure to introduce the person we feel has all the tools to lead this company to new levels of prosperity and success. Ladies and gentlemen, the new C.E.O. of Bellerman Consulting, Mr. Trent Hanes! - Congratulations. - You bet. I don't understand. You were fired? I believe they regretfully accepted my resignation after I explained that if they didn't keep Jim, - they wouldn't be keeping me. - That's not right. - There are legal remedies we could look into. - No, no, no, no, no. Once I locked eyes with that corner office, I got away from myself. I lost sight of who I was. - I'm sorry. - I thought I would be, too, but I actually felt better turning in my security badge than I did when they asked me to be C.E.O. And it turns out that saying no to a job you've worked your whole life for... apparently, it gives people the impression you're a bit of a Maverick. Some bunch of college dropouts called me from Silicon Valley, practically begging me to run their company for them. What? Turns out that an older woman who not only has experience, but isn't afraid to buck convention happens to be exactly what they need to make themselves legitimate. And since none of them have degrees, they didn't blink when I mentioned bringing Jim with me. Oh, that's great. Working with you guys has reminded me that there's something nice about being surrounded by people who are young and hungry. So, technically, we got you two jobs. Yeah, but I'm still only gonna pay you once. - We should celebrate. - Yes! Drinks are on Miles! Let me get another shot. Ah, that's a good band. Thanks. Oh, thanks. Hi. Hey. So, uh, too late to say I'm sorry? - For? - Hmm. Can it, uh, be a blanket apology, just covers everything? I have issued a lot of those. Yes, you have. What you said to Cathy, Ross... I was surprised. Why? Well, the Ross that went to jail... He didn't seem like the type... to trumpet the value of relationships over money. That Ross occasionally got confused, ended up with a lot of time alone to think about it. Hey, you know, I, uh... I've been meaning to tell you that when Clark gets worked up, there's, uh, a trick I used to use that I thought you may find handy. - doesn't always work, but... - Hey! I know you! - I don't think so. - Yeah, yeah. You're Beth's friend, right? I live next door... or I did. You borrowed a phone charger a few months back. - Ross, right? - No, you got me mixed up with somebody else. I don't know you. I don't know. Claire, Claire, wait. Did I say something? What happened? Just wait a second. Wait a second. Look, she's crazy, that girl. I don't know who she... Your name... she knew your name, Ross. And a week ago, I was standing there when you claimed you met Beth for the first time in the lobby. Okay, okay. Look... The truth is that when I found out that Clark was dating a student, I was worried, so I went down to the campus just to check things out... That's all. That's good. That's good. No, that's very good. That's very believable. You are like singularly talented at saying things that are just indistinguishable from the truth. - I'm not listening anymore. - Claire... No. And you know what the worst part is? The worst part is, is that I knew it. I knew in my gut that this would happen. And for one second, I thought you had changed. Look, don't leave, okay? Everybody's waiting for us. What am I supposed to tell them? Just... make something up. They won't know what hit them. Preuzeto sa www.titlovi.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 