Unspeakable: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Unspeakable 
 s1e3 - Heat-Treatment (1984 - 1985) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Unspeakable (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Heat-Treatment (1984 - 1985) - full transcript 
 In 1985 Will Sanders questions why the Red Cross may still be distributing tainted blood when safe, heat-treated product is available. Margaret Sanders battles the prejudice surrounding AIDS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Do I have AIDS? Why would you even ask that? Carson said he wasn't allowed to hang out with me anymore. You're part of the problem. You're not doing your job anymore. You quit? Sometimes... you can't fix the system from within. How do you know you have AIDS? Why do you care? I'm gay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is all your fault! You're the one who let all this happen to me! People's lives are at stake here! His life is at stake. My... my son's life is at stake. I think we're being more than fair. We're all very concerned for you. We definitely have a fight on our hands. I'm about to publish. More than 50% of Canadian hemophiliacs are HIV-positive. _ _ Roger! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Book an appointment, Will. - Yeah, I tried. The CDC just confirmed that heat-treating kills HIV in blood concentrates. I'm aware. Well, we have to switch. You know it's not that simple. Your office published an article in the last society newsletter claiming there's no proof heat-treating works. It's in our blood supply! You have to act now! I don't care what you're up against, Roger. People are going to die! Do you hear me? People are gonna die! Okay? People are gonna die! What was wrong with that one? Had a bruise on it. More green, please. More green it is. Wait right here. Rachel, hi. I've been meaning to call you. Ryan came home pretty upset the other day after Carson said they can't be friends anymore. My sister lives in Florida. Hemophiliacs down there are getting AIDS from the blood they take. It's on the news. Ryan shouldn't be playing with the other kids. I shouldn't have to tell you to keep him at home. Even if Ryan had AIDS, you can't get it from casual contact. - But he doesn't have it. - How do you know? Do you have proof? It said on the news, even if you're not sick, you can still pass it on. The news is being sensational. I'm not an idiot. People are dying. Not just gay people. It can be spread through saliva and blood. Kids share food, boys get rough sometimes. Ryan's pretty responsible. You've got some nerve, only thinking of your kid's feelings? Not taking my son's life... other people into account? What is wrong with you? He shouldn't be here, touching things like that. Excuse me! Excuse me, I think you should know there's a tall brunette woman here with her son over by the produce. He has a contagious disease, and he's touching the fruit. Let's get out of here. You can give me that. Thanks. It needs sorting. Donations from the dead? Yes. You don't have to. I'm sure there's something else you'd rather be doing with your weekend. They have an HIV test in the States now. We should push for it here. Mm. People are already losing health insurance over T-cell results. That test is just gonna lead to a lot more discrimination. Have you heard anything about research? For a cure? Mm, we're lobbying for funding, but the government isn't even putting money into education. We could certainly use someone who could put out a regular newsletter. _ Dr. Tsoukas will be monitoring your T-cells, but he's also now got a test for HIV antibodies. Can Marta get tested too? We haven't had any cases of wives being infected so far. Well, that we know, but in the U.S... We're actively recommending all our patients practice safe sex for now. We practice all the time. I was, uh, gonna go with "practice makes perfect," but, you know, it's such a cliché. And completely untrue. Paul Kirpatrick's ready for you. He's signed up for the Couples Study. Jonah Menehgi died this morning. I just saw him. He was fine. He was in here a few weeks ago, and he was healthy. Cause of death is being listed as Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. Close the door. What are you... ? Shut up, dumb-ass. Jesus, dude. I thought you didn't use that stuff. Got a promotion. Gotta make sure it's good product, don't I? No. Uh-uh. I get it. This stuff gets a bad rap. Pills take the edge off, but it's all still there, right? But I'm telling you, man, this makes everything just... ... go away. What do you got to lose? The Bureau of Biologics is on two for you. - _ - Wark. How soon? Okay, so I think we'll go with that... Makes sense. What's our inventory of concentrates? We should have enough to take us through to April, maybe May. Why? Uh... We got a week before the B.O.B. directs the switch to heat-treated. Are we supposed to just ask the provinces to write off a five-month supply of the old stuff? No. Not necessarily. It's B.O.B. policy to maintain flexibility with new regulatory requirements. It's in our hands to work out when the switch should take effect. What do you think? At this point, the switch probably won't reduce the occurrence of HIV in hemophiliacs. All the studies are showing the same thing... most of them have already been exposed. Ryan? Do you have the Krazy Glue? Thank you. What happened? I'm... having a bad day. I don't think Dad's gonna care that much. I hate this thing. He's gonna think I did it on purpose. None of this is your fault, you know. I thought everything was my fault. I don't want you feeling sorry for me. I don't. It's not your fault I'm a hemophiliac. You didn't choose for it to happen. I knew it ran in my family. I chose to have a child knowing it was a possibility. And if you didn't... I wouldn't exist. Well, I'm not saying I'd give you back... most days. Well, I wouldn't change anything. Oh, don't be ridiculous. I'm serious. I hate that you and Dad worry so much. Everything I've been through... how I used to throw up every time I needed a needle... all the times I've been to the hospital or been on crutches... it's made me who I am. If I could wave a magic wand, I would take it away. And then I wouldn't be me. You know, not having hemophilia doesn't mean you'd have turned out stupid. How do you know? Or I could be a total asshole. Like Carson's mom. Hey, Norm. So... What are you doing for money these days? No offense, man, but you look like shit. The pills the doctor's got me on, they make me so tired I can barely get out of bed. And the doctor says I gotta eat more, but everything makes me puke. Here. Take it. I hope it helps. Thank you. And, uh, if you ever need anything stronger... like, for the pain, I can hook you up with that too. Alice, hi. I was waiting for you to notice. Sorry, I was just in my own world. How's Peter? He hasn't been to clinic in a while. He barely talks to me. I've had some similar cases with some of the other younger guys. How can it not be hard on them? And their families. I hold a support group once a week. Thursdays... at seven. I-I doubt Peter would go. I was inviting you. Thank you. Make it cross... pull it through... make it tight... make your bunny ear... Pull it around... There! Perfect. What are you doing? We have to go. I'll be ready. Jess? Miranda has dinner ready for you. Go on. Thank you. You gonna leave it like that? Why not? These meetings could use a little levity. Mm-hmm. Remember when we used to get a babysitter... go for dinner and a movie... Yeah. Then we'd come home and... have sex? You should get ready. We're gonna be late. Thanks. The last newsletter got delivered to my neighbour. I don't need anyone knowing my business. Okay? Certainly not right now. We've had some similar complaints, so we are gonna start sending out all mailings in unmarked brown envelopes. Well, the mailman's gonna think it's something else, but I guess I'd rather that. All right, then. Um, Will Sanders has some news to share. Will? Yep. Hello. Uh, a little update on product safety. The Bureau of Biologics just directed that only heat-treated concentrates will be licensed in Canada now. It's not clear yet when the Red Cross will be ready to distribute them, so until they do, users should curb use of the current product. How are we supposed to do that? Look, I know many of you don't have a choice, but, um, avoid situations that may cause bleeds. When you can, supplement with icing and splints, crutches... Unfortunately, the switch back to Cryo, at this point, is a debatable one, given the, um, increased contamination of the blood supply. I'm sorry. My hematologist said treating is the number-one priority. Well, he or she is wrong. Why would he lie? I would say that he is misinformed. Dr. Tsoukas in Montreal just published a study that suggests over half the Canadian hemophiliac population are HIV-positive. What are you talking about? That was not in the newsletter! It was in a reputable medical journal. Okay, look, I know that there's a lot of hysteria on TV right now, but Health Canada has said that there were only two cases of AIDS in hemophiliacs in the entire country. You know, I really wish they'd stop spreading that statistic. It is simply not the reality. We have hundreds of HIV-positive hemophiliacs in this country that are headed down that path. They're just not diagnosable yet. There are children here! Yes. My son is here too. We try to be honest with him. Come on. Look, we need to talk about this. There's no proof that HIV even leads to AIDS. And my doctor says it's like Hep B... if you have antibodies, you're immune. Well, and apparently our doctors, they don't know what they're talking about. We can't blindly assume that everything's going to be okay. There are steps we can take. For instance, without question, all sexually active hemophiliacs should be using condoms. So, our doctors, the Red Cross, they're all just lying to us? Well, I don't put much stock in what the Canadian Red Cross says at this point. Oh, so... so we should trust you? No, I'm not asking you to trust me. Go out... look for yourself. I'm just saying... there's a train coming, and it would probably be wise for you to... step off the tracks. You didn't say a word in the car. Are we gonna talk about this? Yeah, we probably should. Uh... what Paul said about safe sex... - I know. - I mean, not that we've been having any sex... at least now I know why. I just... I thought it was because you were tired from working so hard. That is true. Part of me thought that it was me. Sorry for letting you think that. It's strange how it... that it never occurred to me until tonight. Maybe I just... I think I just didn't want to admit it. Yeah, I didn't want to admit it either. Of course you're not. Sex is... how it's transmitted in the... in the gay population. No one seems to know anything for sure... and I guess I didn't want to worry you. Do you think that it could be true? That, um... having the HIV antibodies could be a good thing? That it could mean you're immune? I think this is different. You were taking the concentrates for years before you switched back to Cryo. We were having unprotected sex the entire time. I know. We don't know that you have it. I tell myself it's not possible so I can get through the day. And I can't accept that Jess... that I might not - get to see her grow up. - I know. Or that I could have given it to you, we both... We don't know. We don't know. _ All I want is for things to go back the way they used to be. Well, I'm afraid that can't happen, honey. You and Scott had a very special relationship when you were younger. Things change. I'm so confused, Dad. I don't know why... - Hi, honey. - Sometimes I feel really grown up. Sometimes I feel like a little baby. That's one of the great things about being 11. Where were you? Doesn't matter where I was. We got overdue bills when I come home. The house is a goddamn mess. You're supposed to be looking after all this stuff. You want me to pay the bills? With what money? I'm the only one working, and I don't make enough to cover us. Well, maybe you shouldn't give it all to your son. You're the one who let him leave! You're growing up right now. You know what? We have been over this, okay? I did not let him leave. You're supposed to be looking out for him. I am looking out for him! _ Turn it on? - Turn it on! - It's on! Oh, come on. Why is nothing ever easy? It can wait until you get back. - Just turn it off? - Okay. What's the meeting about this time? The switch to heat-treated concentrates. What's the big deal? It's better. Just do it. Yeah, you'd think. Who's gonna be there? The Red Cross, the health ministers' representatives, the manufacturers... - Bob? - Yes, the B.O.B. The, uh... The Bob. All those guys are supposed to be looking out for people. You don't trust them? No, buddy, I don't. Not when there's this much at stake, or this much money on the line. You're making it sound like they're the bad guys in one of my comic books. Well, fortunately, Superman is on the job. I don't know... I think maybe Dad's is a little more Clark Kent than Superman. You two are hilarious. Ask Clark if he packed his credentials. What's that mean? It means, as usual, Lois Lane is being sassy. It means your father's about to drive all the way to Ottawa to go to a party he wasn't invited to. Come on. Just... Just... - I'll plug... - Plug it in! Okay, okay. _ Roger Perrault. Thank you. Martin! Hey! Will? What are you doing here? I was kinda hoping you'd sneak me in, actually. They're watching pretty closely. I wish you'd called before driving all the way up. It's harder to say no with me standing right here. Well, you're on the Ministers' advisory committee. You've gotta have some pull, right? Sorry, Will. Someone in this meeting needs to speak - for actual hemophiliacs. - Well, Dr. Card's here as the CHS's official representative. You know it's not the same. I'm not sure whose side the medical advisory's on half the time. The society newsletters have been woefully short on up-to-date warnings. Uh, I should really get in there. I'm sorry you drove all the way up here for nothing. Are you kidding? Free coffee and pastries! It behooves this group to pursue a course by which the Bureau's decision to move to heat-treated concentrates can be implemented with the least delay, albeit with due consideration to the interests of those represented here, those parties being: users, the producers, and, of course, our funders. I got an update from Martin Inwood at lunch. Connaught's livid. From here forward, Canadian plasma is being sent to American fractionators for heat-treating. Connaught might be pushed out of the business. Not soon enough. Have they said when the new stuff is coming? We currently have an inventory of non-heat-treated concentrates that will take us through May. Cutter has limited heat-treated product available at this time. We're negotiating new contracts with them as well as with Armour, coordinated to arrive by May, so... we're looking at distribution beginning May first, with a phase-in period of eight weeks, which brings us to full conversion July first. Um... to be clear, when you say phase-in period, you are suggesting that you will continue to distribute infected product? We share your concern handing out heat-treated concentrates at the same time as non-heat-treated... No, I didn't say that I was concerned about that. I'm alarmed at the idea that you will continue to hand out non-heat-treated at all from this point forward. I was gonna finish by saying, "as it would clearly create a period of heightened anxiety amongst the consumers who can't get the newer concentrates." As... as opposed to the heightened anxiety that they're all feeling right now? However... a phase-in distribution along with the exhaustion of existing inventory is the only option at this point. "Exhaustion of existing inventory." That's one way of putting it. "Handing out tainted blood for another seven months" is another! Look, there has to be safe product available for purchase before May. It may cost more, but getting it at the earliest opportunity is what needs to happen here. I should mention that the switch is already going to cost the provinces $1.1 million annually. That's about 20% more. Wait a minute. The issue here is safety, not money, isn't it? Martin. Hey! What's... What's going on? - What's happening in there? - Not now. Not now? When? When are the first orders coming? - Do you mind if I pee? - You can talk and pee. They're saying that they can't get heat-treated products immediately. What? That doesn't make sense. It's been on the market in the U.S. for more than a year. Apparently there are product shortages. A number of things were discussed in there, but I don't know. It's just a lot of talking in circles. Okay, so what's the plan? I don't know. Things broke down. You don't know? Everyone involved in this decision is in that room. The entire purpose of this meeting was to create a distribution plan for safe product. Yes, and various possibilities were discussed. All right? I just don't know where things stand right now. You know, I'm starting to hate myself for sounding so goddamn melodramatic all the time, but I really don't know what else to say. Lives literally are hanging in the balance. I know. Then "I don't know" isn't good enough! The Canadian Red Cross is investigating the cases of two men who recently died of AIDS, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. The men were not in any of the groups most susceptible to AIDS, but they both had blood transfusions. It certainly appears the inevitable has happened. We have taken all the precautions that we could. We will do everything we can, for the sake of the donor, as much as for the sake of the unfortunate recipient. We will do everything we can to determine how, where, and when the infections occurred. What does that mean? Now that someone in the general population has died of AIDS, people suddenly give a shit. I understand. Let me call you back. What? The entire National Lab wants to resign, and I've got the Board of Directors breathing down my neck. Because of the transfusion cases? What were you thinking? "The inevitable has happened"? We might lose our insurance. What do you want me to do? A press conference was called today by the Canadian Red Cross. Yesterday they reported that two B.C. men had died of AIDS because of transfusions. Hey, Will! The Red Cross is on the news again about those B.C. cases. ... contaminated. Today, the Red Cross changed that position. An investigation is underway to ascertain if the blood transfused in those cases was indeed the sole possible source of AIDS transmission. How can they backtrack like that? - Those... - Sons of bitches! What? What's this? The first batch of heat-treated concentrates just arrived. That's a directive stipulating who we can give them to. Only young Cryo users and mild hemophiliacs? Patients most likely not already HIV-positive. We only have a limited supply until the full conversion date. Then we ration it out. I'm not giving infected blood to people when there's safe product available. And can you tell me when that was shipped? What the... ? Uh... no, sorry. The pen just stopped working. Hang on a second. Um... yeah. Yeah. How many units was that? Dad? Can we go? And all that was sent to the National, right? Okay. Thank you. The previews are my favorite part. Yeah. We'll just need to make a quick stop, okay? I called the manufacturers, all the Red Cross regional centres, the blood banks... That is a lot of heat-treated units. Almost all of it is sitting in the CRC warehouse. There's only one reason they'd be stockpiling it. Oh, I can't believe that. They wouldn't... Really? What are you talking about? The Red Cross isn't giving out the heat-treated blood because they're using up the old product first. To save money. But the old stuff has AIDS in it. If you're not gonna fight for us, Lawrence, who is? Hey, Ryan... uh, could you wait in the hall for a minute, please? Look, it's no big surprise, but I tested positive. Yeah. Jesus. I'm... I'm so sorry. Anyway, I'm gonna do my best. Okay? Maybe he isn't here. That's his car. Let's slash his tires. Kidding! I'm sorry. I know this isn't the, uh... father-son evening we had planned. It's okay. This is important, right? Stay here. I have nothing to say to you. So we're a month away from the conversion date. I know the Red Cross has enough heat-treated inventory to distribute to everyone. Why is it being held back? Will, this is harassment. Then why don't you just sit down? Have a civil conversation with me? Do I need to call the police? Look over there. Look! That is my son. He's been waiting for safe concentrate. Now, we've been lucky up till now, but every treatment he takes... no, listen! Every treatment he takes right now could kill him. I don't understand you people. You have the solution in your hands, but you are still giving out factor products with AIDS in it. How do you people live with yourselves? Actor Rock Hudson has terminal cancer of the liver, and he is being tested for AIDS. Rock Hudson was transferred from the American Hospital in Paris to the UCLA Medical Center early today. Mr. Hudson is being evaluated and treated for complications of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. His condition is serious... I'm not hungry. You have to eat. Later. Maybe you should see a doctor. I am a doctor. Hate to sound opportunistic about someone else's misfortune, but Rock Hudson could be the big name we've been waiting for. Will make fund-raising easier. Yeah, well, imagine if he came out, too. Who knew Rock Hudson was gay, huh? You know, the saddest thing is that if everyone got a tree, we'd need a whole lot more space. Hey, guys. Back here. I still know some people at the Daily. I think they'd publish something like this. Oh, I know I've been asking you for press, but we don't want to attract vandals. It's a memorial. People should know about it. Yeah. First names only, okay? - Okay. - All right. Thanks. The pictures are amazing. They should just leave it alone. I think it's fascinating. 1,500 people died on The Titanic. That ship is a graveyard. Some things should just be left buried. Really? I mean, I don't think the dead care, and I think we need to constantly remind ourselves of the hubris that leads to that many deaths. Hello? Hi. Yes. It's me. Of course, but I know what this is about. Can you give me my results? I understand... but the appointment you're giving me is three days away. Do you understand the torture I'm living through, not knowing? Y... The results are sitting on a desk right in front of you, and you can't give them to me because the doctor wants to bill for a consultation. No, I understand that's not the only reason. Please? Thank you so much. It's negative. So a doctor from Public Health called today. He said that the School Board is pushing for disclosure of our HIV-positive members. I mean, he is a doctor, and he is asking me to breach confidentiality. I'm telling you, there's nothing about this disease that is ever treated like anything else. We have pushed for months for public testing sites. Now they're finally opening, I mean, what's gonna happen with those results? I'm positive. The doctor said I... shouldn't worry. He didn't sound at all like he believed it. _ Just give me the results. You've tested positive for HIV. Now, what we know at this point is... I know what it means. I'm a physician. I don't understand. Couldn't you... ? Not anonymously. I see. Before you go, I need to ask you a few questions. Are you in a sexual relationship? Hello. Hello. Nice to see you all together. Well, firstly, the big news I'm sure you're all waiting for... you tested negative for HIV. Well... that's good. This looks great, guys! I'm super proud of you. Thank you. Henry. Hi, Margaret. How are you? Uh, it was a good day, actually. Is something the matter? There's no easy way to say this, so I'm just gonna come out with it. I'm requesting you resign. What? Why? There have been complaints from parents and some of the teachers. About w-what? Not my work? Oh, no, no, no. They're concerned about exposure to AIDS. That's ridiculous. Jesus, Henry. What are you thinking? Listen, Margaret. You have to understand that... Ryan's been tested, and we just found out that he's negative. Well, that's good news. That's really good news. But the whole thing is still pretty muddy, isn't it? No. No. The blood products he'll be taking from now on are safe. Maybe you should take a leave until we can find out... You have no legitimate grounds for my dismissal. My husband works for Public Health. I'm sure he'd be happy to come in here and teach the faculty and the parents the facts on AIDS and its transmission. Now, hold on. If you want me out, you'll have to fire me! Well, good luck with that. I will fight it every step of the way. I would say I was surprised at you, but sadly, nothing surprises me anymore. Hi. What happened? Hit by a pitch. Sure you need that? Oh, yeah. My shoulder is killing me. It's heat-treated. What are you worried about? All systems go? _ _ Results from Dr. Prince's tests. Should we let the FDA know? It'd be unwise for us to do that without completing our own study first. - What's that? - The latest medical journals. Came this morning. I knew you wouldn't be able to resist. You're holdin' out on me. Prince's results seem to back up Levy's. Levy just published in the Lancet. That study was funded by Cutter. Those results might as well be marketing data for them. No one in the medical community has approached us about this yet. Hey-hey! Where you going? I thought you were gonna be late. What are you... doing? Armour's heat-treating process isn't effective. It isn't, uh... it isn't killing all the HIV in its concentrates. Ryan t-took some last night. I know. What's up? Um... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 