Unspeakable: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Unspeakable 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Unspeakable (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ How quickly people forget. Many of you know what happened. Some of you lived through it. It might surprise you how many people out there aren't aware of it at all. Some have a vague idea, but so few know the details. It's shocking. It's hard to believe. It was, even at the time. Back then, there was no Internet. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There was no Facebook or Twitter, or whatever the kids are using today. People didn't have cell phones to connect them instantly to the latest news and information. As a former journalist, it was my job to inform the public. To warn people if they were in danger. To get to the truth. Quite simply, we failed. Ahem. I've read studies that suggest human beings feel more empathy for one single victim than they would for thousands affected by the same event. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So let me try and put this story in a more personal context. I'm doubly responsible. It was not only my job as a journalist to get to the truth... it was my job as a father. _ _ - Excuse me. - Can we get in there, please? - My son is bleeding. - Ma'am, you have to register. No, we've been here three times already! - He needs help now! - These people are ahead of you. He was circumcised yesterday. They said the bleeding would stop in an hour. - You have to register. - Look! Come with me. I know, it looks like we're torturing him, but it's much easier to get the I.V. into a vein on his head. The blood tests show that his clotting factor is very low. Less than 1%. What does that mean? Have you heard of hemophilia? It's an inherited genetic disease. The body doesn't produce clotting factor, which means serious bleeding goes unchecked. It's something that's passed on through the mother. Women are carriers and often don't know it. - I had no idea. - It's not very common. Roughly one in 10,000. In the past, the prognosis was not good. But, very recently, developments have been made in clotting factor replacement therapy... something called "cryoprecipitate." That's what we're administering now. Please... just tell me... is he gonna be okay? Hey. You should get some sleep. This is not your fault. I spoke to my mother. I had an uncle who died young. I never knew why. It turns out it was hemophilia. She didn't warn you? She didn't understand how it was passed on. She said they used to duct tape pillows around him when he was a boy. They wheeled him around in a wagon so he wouldn't hurt himself. We're gonna be all right. I love you. We have a beautiful boy, and he's gonna be fine. We just have to be a little more careful. - _ - Back door, back door. Here, here. Slap it, slap it! _ Stay down, homo, if you know what's good for you. You okay? _ You shoot up before the game? No. Don't worry. I got your back. That dickhead's going down. _ I hate this shit. It never dissolves properly. Hi. Hi. What happened? I just hurt my shoulder. Playing road hockey. I thought we decided that was a bad idea. You decided. Hey, Mom. We're really hungry. Can we have a snack? Oh, it's okay. It's just my brother. He does it all the time. Yeah. It doesn't hurt or nothing. Oh! Oh, jeez... I'll call her mother. _ _ All right, come on. We're late. Why do I have to go to the dentist on my one day off school? Because it's also my day off school. I'm done. You think I'm gonna need a needle? Oh, what's the problem? You just took one. Yeah, but it wasn't in my mouth. _ _ _ You know, you should really spruce up the place a little. Why does nothing ever work? These keys keep sticking. Hey, I thought we agreed that last cup makes another pot. - Sorry. - Also, I'm not the receptionist. Noted. For the record, who is? Well, okay, right now, it's me, but you need to check the resumes I left on your desk, and Margaret's on line two. Next time, you might want to lead with that. Hi! Everything okay? Uh, it's fine, yeah. We're just at the dentist. I know, that's why I was asking. If something can be transmitted sexually, it would be also transmitted by blood, right? Theoretically. Why? There's an article in The Times... You didn't finish the crossword, did you? Oh, forget about that. There's a new disease emerging in the gay community in the U.S. They're calling it "pre-cancer syndrome." Yeah, I think I heard of that. It's, um... "G.R.I.D." "Gay-related immune deficiency." This article is saying that the Centers for Disease Control thinks it might be an infectious agent. This new concentrate that Ryan is taking, it's pooled from how many blood donors? Is it 20,000? I know you probably think I'm overreacting, but... No. No, I'll... I'll call the CDC. _ Vancouver Daily News. Mysterious disease no one knows anything about. A few gays in the U.S. That's a few hundred cases. And the death rate is high... it's almost all of them. Homosexuals? Oh, so because it's gay people, nobody cares? Oh, look, it's buried in the back. The Times doesn't care either. Not everything's gonna be Clifford Olson. 11 grisly murders in our own backyard. Gonna be tough to top that. We have a big gay community here. Really? I hadn't noticed. So, how many people have this thing? Well, as of March, there's one reported case in Canada. It's a guy in Windsor, but that doesn't mean... Get me something else. ♪ The silence can be... ♪ It must hurt. Who hit you? Doncaster. Asshole. Does he know you're a bleeder? - ♪ ... Just between you and me ♪ - I hate that word. Sorry. I'd rather he run me over than treat me like a pussy. Why do you play when you know you could get hurt? ♪ ... Just between you and me... ♪ Because I like it. I'm not just gonna stop living. I just take a shot if I need it. Your parents must worry about you. Yeah? How about yours? They know you're smoking weed in the park with boys? Not "boys." One boy. Why do it? Because I like it. ♪ Just between you and me ♪ _ There's nothing to worry about. _ Well, actually, my husband Will, he works for Public Health, and he spoke with the CDC, and they're worried. This disease is spreading fast, and there's already one case in Miami where a heterosexual hemophiliac is showing symptoms. What if he got it from factor concentrate? No classes today? A substitute is covering for me this morning. This was too important to wait. I'd like to switch Ryan back to cryo. That would be a big step backwards. The new product is more convenient, but each vial is made up from a pool of up to 20,000 donors. That's a lot of exposure to potential infection. Hepatitis, as well as, um... whatever this new thing is. There is no evidence of any increased threat of transmitting blood-borne pathogens, particularly here in Canada. But each unit of cryo comes from only one donor. It would be much safer. And besides, the Connaught concentrate is terrible. It doesn't reconstitute properly. Well, there are definitely some kinks to be worked out. Look, I am the medical professional here. All our patients will remain on the concentrate. The Red Cross has not expressed any concerns about its safety beyond the already-indicated risks. I'm sorry, are you saying that you won't give Ryan cryo, even though it's readily available? That's what I'm saying. So you can get back to teaching the A-B-Cs now. _ _ Dr. Furesz is on the phone. John Derrick. - _ - Uh, John, have you seen the news out of the recent CDC meeting? You're talking about A.I.D.S.? Just a heads-up that we're drafting a notice asking you to study possible transmission through blood, and we would like you to alert all physicians to increase surveillance of hemophilia patients' symptoms. I don't foresee a problem here. Of course. There is the matter of importation of plasma from the U.S. for the Canadian clotting factors. By all rights, we should be able to collect and process enough Canadian blood to supply our own needs, but we can't get the provinces to approve the budget. Well, that is between you and them. I leave it in your capable hands. I wouldn't worry. There are no cases of transfusion-related A.I.D.S. in Canada. _ Frank Schnabel? - Yes. - I'm Dr. Tsoukas. Nice to meet you. Dr. Strawczynski asked me to look in on you. Never good news when a specialist is forced to call in another specialist, is it? Well, uh, not a specialist yet. I'm actually a resident, currently studying hay fever. I understand that you want your T-cells tested. - That's right. - Okay. Well, let's take it one step at a time. - You have hemophilia? - Yes. I understand you're the founding member of the Canadian Hemophilia Society? Someone had to do it. Dr. Strawczynski says that you were one of her first patients to switch from Cryo to the new concentrated factor-VIII product? Changed my life in many ways. I can travel freely now. In fact, I was just in Europe for a conference. Had to treat myself. Elbow. Roughly a week later, I came down with this rash. Fever, night sweats and chills. There are a number of causes for those symptoms. This is what's about to be published in Morbidity and Mortality Weekly, in the U.S. No one wants to admit this thing isn't just a gay disease. There are three cases in hemophiliacs down there. It's in the blood products. Uh... I-I'll look into it. I know what's going on. I'm a heterosexual man and I have A.I.D.S. _ Technically, this is an adult clinic, but there are no hard and fast rules. So you don't think Dr. Mathews will have a problem giving Ryan cryo? Oh, it shouldn't be an issue. That's great. But, to be clear, we haven't been given any reason to worry about concentrates, and cryo is not risk-free. I know. But thank you. What's your problem? Come on. I gotta go. Dude... Grow up. It was a joke. I know. Going to screw your girlfriend, I hope. Yeah, I wish. I hear Peter has a girlfriend. I don't know what's going on. It's not like he brings her around. What's Andy say? Not much. Just that, uh, he doesn't see Peter as much as he used to. Oh, I'm sure there's nothing wrong. Those two are such good friends. Andy hasn't really been himself lately. He's not talking much anymore, and when he does, it's just snapping at me. Yeah, Peter's no different. Teenage boys. He's always talked to me, though. Maybe it's just because it's the two of us. I'm probably making too much of it all, but I can't help it. Adam got the same way before he left. Do you think it's drugs? No! Do you? I don't know. I smelled pot on Peter's jacket once or twice. Well, I've looked. All I found was nudie magazines. Boys. _ I spoke with the doctor following one of the three American hemophiliacs with A.I.D.S. Name's Man-Chiu Poon. And what's he say? If the disease is indeed coming through the blood supply, it's surviving the filtration process, which means the culprit responsible has to be extremely small, possibly a virus. Your patient, Mr. Schnabel, has an imbalance of T-cells that matches the American cases. Do you really think that Frank could have A.I.D.S.? The T-cell abnormality could be a result of exposure to foreign proteins in the blood product, o-or even a genetic connection to the hemophilia itself. Far as I know, there's never been a study on the immune system of hemophiliacs here in Canada. I'm applying to start one. I'll encourage my patients to volunteer. I'd appreciate that, thank you. Thinking about changing your major? - Maybe. - I'm this way. Ah. Dr. Strawczynski? If they ask you what the study is about, what are you going to tell them? I'll tell them exactly what it is. A general study of the immune system. I know it's early, but have you considered putting something in the Hemophilia Society newsletter? You know, getting info out to patients directly? It's been discussed. We don't want to panic anyone just yet. That's the thing about, uh, you know, infectious diseases... by the time you start to panic, it's often too late. Well, surely, we're not there yet. _ _ Dr. Herst? Hi. William Sanders. You're, um, you're Deputy Director of the Toronto Red Cross Centre, right? - Yes. - I just started volunteering. My son has hemophilia. What can I do for you? Well, I didn't want to interrupt the meeting, but I was just wondering why nothing was discussed about product safety. I don't see why it would be. Well, with everything going on in the U.S.? Recommendations are being made. The, um, the National Hemophilia Foundation down there is saying people should move back to cryo. Not everyone. I-I'm sorry? The NHF is recommending cryo for newly-diagnosed, mild hemophiliacs, and those under the age of five years. That's not "everyone." True, that is true, but isn't that an indication? Well, things are different in the U.S. There's no cases of A.I.D.S. here. Actually, we have 12. 12 reported cases of A.I.D.S. Those are from high-risk groups... homosexuals, Haitians, and heroin users. I hear they've being dubbed the "Four-'H' Club"... fourth being hemophiliacs. None has been tied to blood transfusions of any kind... that's what I meant. Well, I'm just saying why not be cautious? Inform people and give them the choice. Hemophiliacs need to treat their bleeds. The last thing that we want to do here is promote fear. Excuse me. Oh. Yeah. Thank you for chiming in. Yeah, well, we really rang her bell. Mm. Lawrence Hartley, treasurer. Uh, William Sanders. Concerned father. Christ. I can't stand it. That's still broken. I can see that. _ As far as the directive from the B.O.B. regarding the potential transmission of A.I.D.S. to hemophiliacs, a working group was established. According to the latest minutes, after six months, any evidence that hemophiliacs are at risk is in... Son of a bitch! That window is painted shut. I asked for it to be fixed! You also asked for the thermostat to be fixed. Unbelievable. So how are the plans for the new building coming along? Still trying to get budget approval. So, no cases of A.I.D.S. transmission in Canadian hemophiliacs yet? According to the study, the odds of getting A.I.D.S. from blood in Canada are one in a million. We've fielded calls suggesting that homosexuals and other high-risk groups refrain from donating blood. That's ridiculous. These people don't realize what we're up against here. It's a balancing act. Last thing we need is to scare away donors. And we can't single out a specific group without cause. I mean, imagine people being asked questions about sexual activity and orientation? We're relying on the assumption that only good people give blood and good people would think twice if they thought they had a communicable disease. Of course, they would. What if they didn't know they had it? Can you imagine if donations declined? There are real consequences to any reduction of the blood supply. People need to understand there is something worse than a possible contagion in the blood. No blood at all. My understanding is that four donors with A.I.D.S. would throw the whole system into jeopardy. Nothing is without risk. The odds of dying in a car accident are 1 in 5,000. One in a million. I think that's fair to say. _ You can't tell us to stop having sex. That can't be the answer. Well, you can use condoms. - What's the government doing? - Nothing. They refused our request for funding. We're on our own. Nobody cares if a few faggots die. They can't say it's not happening here anymore. 12 cases have been reported in Canada. That number's total bullshit! We all know it's much higher than that. How many of us go back and forth to San Fran and New York? A.I.D.S. doesn't give a shit where you live. Ben Landry, right? Vancouver Daily? 12 reported cases. Not one mainstream article yet. Look, it's not me. Oh, it's just everyone else. I'm doing a piece on the safety of the blood system. Well, I can tell you... gay men take a great deal of pride in the act of donating blood. Even if they could be spreading A.I.D.S.? You want us to self-defer? - I hate to be morbid... - But what you really need is proof that A.I.D.S. is a threat to the hetero population. Real people. You want headlines? Bring me a body. Andy! What the hell are you doing? You could've burnt this whole house down! I'm not gonna burn the house down! Just leave me alone! No! I will not leave you alone! What has gotten into you? Just stay away from me! Hey, Will? Take a look at this. A baby died in San Francisco. _ You know what this means? Yeah, proof that A.I.D.S. is transmitted by blood. They tracked the blood back to a man who had no symptoms when he donated. He had no idea he was infected. We knew there was an incubation period, but it could be much longer than anyone suspected. Who knows how many people are walking around with it and don't know it? And giving blood. How bad is it? I don't know. That's the problem. It's in the blood, it's gonna hit the general population. Probably already has. No one likes to hear the word. They say it's fear-mongering. Epidemic? That's Doncaster's house. What's happened? Was anyone inside? We don't know. T-cells assist in a normal functioning immune system. And low T-cells indicate a compromised immune system. There are a variety of causes. Uh, prolonged presence of acute or chronic infections, which may or may not be treatable. There are a few rare syndromes... some genetic, some acquired, and of course, certain types of cancers... According to this article, more than half of the hemophiliacs in your study have abnormally-low T-cells. Yes. Were you surprised with that result? Well, yes, uh, but it was a small sampling. 32 subjects. We're expanding the study. No one's actually ever tested the T-cell ratios of hemophiliacs before. We really don't know why we're seeing this result. You believe hemophiliacs are at risk of contracting A.I.D.S.? Possible, yes. Uh... but there's no, uh, proof right now. The Red Cross says that Canadian blood products are safe. Would you agree with that? I would agree that that is, uh, their position. There's no point in beating around the bush here. If I'm going to get this story published, I need a quote highlighting the dangers of A.I.D.S. transmission through blood, something that wasn't in this article. Do you believe that half of the hemophiliacs in your study have been infected with A.I.D.S.? I've... I've said all I can. Uh, it would be irresponsible of me to speculate further right now. Will you test my son? You understand what I'm saying? These... these results don't mean that the people with diminished T-cells have A.I.D.S. I'm asking you to test my son. Andy? It's me. Go away. Andy... Get out! Andy, please. - Don't touch me! - Andy! How could you do this to me? - Andy! - Ahh! I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! Ahh! I would never have turned him in if I knew that this would happen. That place that they're keeping him... ... It's no better than a prison. You should've seen the look in his eyes. Wasn't my son anymore. He's seen a doctor, though, hasn't he? They seem to think it's... in his head. Like he's had some sort of a mental breakdown. Ben met with a doctor in Montreal. He's doing a study on hemophiliacs. For what? Low T-cells. It's what happens to people when they get A.I.D.S. It's possible it could be transmitted through blood products. - Why hasn't anyone told us about this? - I don't know. I'm only telling you this because... Look, I could be way off. The most common symptoms are swollen lymph glands, fever, chills, things like that... but apparently, some people experience behavioral changes. Mood swings, memory loss... They're saying, in some cases, it can affect the brain, cause dementia. Well, the doctor, he never... The doctor who saw Andy might not know any better. "There is no question "that gay men should not donate blood until the issue is resolved." Who's this "Shuster" guy they're quoting? I interviewed Tsoukas, who did the study, but he wouldn't go on record. That quote is from his supervisor. Who was willing to go on record. Oh, okay. So, you're, uh... you're saying it's my fault that some dinky, little journal scooped us, is that it? What are the Red Cross saying? What they've been saying all along! That science supports their position, that there's not a problem here in Canada, but that's bullshit! Everything is not fine! The Red Cross is a humanitarian organization doing countless good works for the sick and the vulnerable for what, the past century? If you're gonna call them liars, you better be able to prove it. Ben... Ben! What? Look, I know this is personal for you... Unbelievable. - _ - You were just in New York. It's just business, that's all. If you say so. Emergency meeting? Mm. What's it about? Ask the NHF. They've got nothing new. They're just reacting to the CDC conference. It's all just a bunch of hysteria. Still... maybe we should say something. I just did. I told the media we're not gonna single out gay donors. I mean, look at what's happening in the U.S. The hostility and violence toward gays is up across the board. They called it... "gay plague." And then "gay-related immune deficiency." I'm not gonna fuel the fire. The truth is... ... they'll be happier when we're all dead. You don't have it. I don't have it. I wish I knew for sure. This place has really gone downhill. I'm not ordering from them again. We were victims of a crusade long before A.I.D.S. threw gas on the flames. They think we deserve it. But it'll only get worse if they think we're giving it to them. I can't eat this. If the NHF is gonna recommend screening donors, then right or not, we're gonna look like we're late. We ask all high-risk groups to voluntarily exclude themselves. Keep it to a press release. No face-to-face required. Earlier today, Haitian protesters gathered outside of Red Cross headquarters to protest a new policy that singles out high-risk groups. They say it's racist propaganda and that there's no significant relationship between Haitians and A.I.D.S. Response to the Red Cross press release. Targeted high-risk groups are going nuts. On one hand, they say there is no evidence of A.I.D.S. transmission through blood and then they single out homosexual and bi-sexual men with multiple partners, newly-arrived Haitian immigrants, and I.V. drug users, and ask them not to donate. Now they're all crying discrimination. I wanted them to reach out and cooperate with the communities, not dictate to them. Now it's about human rights instead of safe blood products. I'm sorry it's taken so long. I, um, I wanted to run the test twice. And? Normal T-cell count is between 500 and 1200 per cubic millimetre. Peter's level is 412. That's obviously below normal, but I-I don't want you to jump to conclusions. Mr. Landry, are you there? Yes. I'm here. Mr. Landry, this... this does not mean that Peter is sick or-or is ever going to get sick. We, uh... don't know what it means. Please... Dr. Tsoukas, I think we both know what it means. Yesterday, the CDC called an emergency meeting in Atlanta to press for measures to control the spread of A.I.D.S., a deadly disease which began in the gay community and now appears to be threatening the American blood system. Those infected are dying at an alarming rate. Today, we have learned that U.S. blood bankers are drafting measures to screen high-risk donors, while here, at home, the Canadian Red Cross continues to assure the public that there is little to no risk of contracting A.I.D.S. from a transfusion. All these representatives of the fractionators are arguing the economics. I mean, they are literally weighing the cost of changing their ways versus potential lawsuits when Don Francis slams his fist on the table and he says, "How many people have to die? How many deaths do we need?" What did they say? Nothing. It's disgusting. The New England Journal of Medicine just published a preliminary study suggesting that cryo is safer than concentrates. The next day, the National Hemophilia Foundation added recommendations for donor screening. Why are we so far behind the U.S.? I mean, isn't it insane to think that the border will just act like some sort of filter? Particularly when more than half the concentrates used in Canada are made from plasma collected in the U.S. I mean... ... can't say we don't have an A.I.D.S. problem. Why aren't we seeing any of this in the Canadian society newsletters? Medical Advisory Committee controls the release of all the scientific and medical information, and the doctors on the committee don't want to promote panic. Plus, most of them also work for the Red Cross. It's the RC's position that baffles me. So John Derrick came out of that emergency NHF meeting and he said there still wasn't any evidence that A.I.D.S. is transmitted through blood. They're hiding behind absolute science. But you can convict a murderer on enough circumstantial evidence. It just doesn't make any sense. I mean, when you think of the Red Cross, you think first responders, disaster relief. Well, the provinces control the purse strings. As usual, it all comes down to money. Look, the problem is, no one wants to admit the danger. More like they're denying it. Publicly. What about privately? So I'm at this conference two weeks ago, and I find myself in line, talking to Roger Perrault. And he asks me if I've switched back to cryo. The National Director of Blood Services asked you? Yeah. And I say, "yeah, I have." And then he says? He says... "Keep it that way." You gotta be fucking kidding me. Frankly, I don't blame him. He said not to panic, that it didn't mean Peter had... A.I.D.S. Say it. "A.I.D.S." Andy has A.I.D.S. Andy and Peter took the same concentrate, the same lot numbers in some cases, I checked. They really have no idea what all this means. Andy is dying! I know. Oh, God. I can barely breathe. There's nothing anyone can do at this point. What are we gonna tell him? He's only 15. Nothing. We're not gonna tell him anything. Hey. Hey, buddy. I, uh... I brought you these. Why? Do I need a reason? Yes. I just don't want a girlfriend right now, okay? Did I do something wrong? I already told you, it's not about you. Is it because I wouldn't have sex with you? No! I told you, it was gonna happen. Just don't press it. Peter, please. Just talk to me. No. We're over. Okay? That's it. Fuck you. I'm glad I didn't sleep with you. You have no idea. Ew, that's gross. What the hell? Em, go play in your room. We need to talk to Peter. Why can't I hear? It's adult stuff, honey. Go on. Andy passed away. We're so sorry. Why didn't you guys tell me I have A.I.D.S.? I heard you talking. Your T-cells are slightly below normal, but nobody knows what that... - that means yet, so... - It means I have A.I.D.S. Like Andy. Why didn't you come to us? You... You guys didn't come to me. You didn't want me to know. We didn't want you to worry. Because I'm gonna die! Stop it. I don't want that to even enter your mind. - How could it not? - Because you're not sick! The doctor who tested you said there's a number of reasons why your T-cells could be low. - Peter! Where are you going? - Peter! Will Sanders. Will, it's Lawrence. Listen to this. It's a draft of Hemophilia Today that's about to come out, and I am quoting Rosalyn Herst. "Hemophiliacs should continue to treat as usual." Jesus Christ! "The media reports you may be reading "are alarmist and distorted. "None of the 30 known cases of A.I.D.S. in Canada "have been related to transfusion. "Blood products are safe "and the risk of damage from bleeds "far outweighs any theoretical risk of viral transmission." I don't care what you guys say, I know I'm going to die. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 