This Is Life with Lisa Ling: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling 
 s1e8 - Called to the Collar - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Called to the Collar - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Catholicism is one of the biggest religions in the world... but news of scandal in the Catholic Church involving priests has been virtually inescapable over the last decade. The Pope's statement this morning is the first time he has apologized for the sexual abuse of children by priests in the catholic church. As a result, people espousing strong faith have been on the decline... but I'm headed to this rural patch in Michigan where Catholicism is thriving... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and where priests are considered cool. Please welcome mound, Father Mathias Thelen. Here, even at the local baseball game, the presence of the collar is everywhere. They've been producing priests for some time... but in the past decade, more and more young men are heeding the call. I see what a priest does for people, I too want to do that. This rural pocket of America is defying the trend of a shrinking Roman Catholic clergy... inspiring men of all ages to join. Have you ever considered becoming a priest? I'm open to it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tonight, we meet the men who've answered the call... to the collar. To find out, who in the face of church scandal, would want to become a priest. I remember thinking to myself, "Is this what I really want?" And the more I prayed about it, I thought, "This is exactly what I wanna do." THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 8 - Called to the Collar Twenty-six-year-old Father Gary has just been assigned to his first parish in central Michigan. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. - Amen. - The Lord be with you. It's a big role for a man as young as he is. The faith in Him become chosen people of God. He's presiding over a congregation of nearly 1700 families. You've been here now, how long? About a month and a half. - Wow. - Not long. And what was it like to actually be assigned to a parish? When I first arrived... I looked very young and they're like, "You're Father Gary?" It's always very funny... That God is opening up that convent that he showed us. I think it's just so satisfying knowing like this is gonna be my place and these are my people. You're only 26 years-old and you've assumed this role - of spiritual father. - Yeah. What does that mean and how has it been? Well, it's very surreal still and I'm still getting used to it for sure. I am called Father... just like a father is called to provide for his children. My duty then is to help my people grow in holiness and to put their needs before my own. These gifts we have brought to you for consecration... that they may become the body and blood of your son, our Lord, Jesus Christ. Though Father Gary is new to the job, he seems confident up there on the altar. The body of Christ. The body of Christ. And connecting with parishioners. - How are you doing? - My wife Terry. Terry, nice to meet you Terry. Hey, it's a beautiful name. That's right. Thanks. He's bonding with young and old. Yeah. Good job! - Have a good week. - You too, thanks. Most of the people here were a lot older than Gary. A couple of women said to me, "We've been going to this church longer than he's been alive." But now, he is their spiritual father and the pews were full and the people are thrilled. As he greets people at the exit, I get a chance to talk to a family that's been coming to this church for over 15 years. How do you like the new priest? We love him. We absolutely love him. And it is great to see younger priests. Guys like Father Gary can, you know, they do a great job of just getting people fired up and excited about Catholicism and you know, going to church. The hope is that, you know, Father Gary will inspire other people. For the Catholic Church to keep growing... we need the Father Garys. We really do. Do you guys think it's cool to see a younger priest? - Yeah. - Yeah. At just 26, Father Gary is already making an impression... but in this day and age, what drives someone to become a Catholic priest? Maybe the answer can be found here in Gary's hometown of Fowler, Michigan... a tiny rural community with a population of just over 1200. As soon as you hit town you get an immediate sense of the values that are important to people. There is one restaurant, two bridal stores, and a Catholic shop. - Hi, how are you? - Hi. I've never been in a catholic store before - in the middle of town. - Welcome. How long has this store been here? Almost 10 years. - Ten years. - Yeah. Is it a pretty popular store? It's getting to be busier and busier every year. Most of the people in this community are Catholic. We've always been active, but the last couple years... I just can't say enough about the young kids that are on fire with their faith. Have you noticed in recent years more young men wanting to pursue priesthood than before? Oh yeah. We have so many young men that are checking it out... And that's something that people are pretty proud of, huh? Oh definitely. I would love to have a son that was a priest - Really? - That would be, I think every mother's dream in this community. Just a few miles up the road from the Catholic store, that dream came true for Father Gary's mother, Agnes. Once a week her son, the priest, comes home to lead a private mass... just for his parents and siblings. You alone are the Lord. But Father Gary isn't the only one wearing a collar in this family. His identical twin brother Todd is also a priest. It's a double blessing for Agnes and her husband Brian. When they told you that they were interested in pursuing the priesthood, how did you feel? Wonderful. Like yes, I knew it. It was unbelievable. It's one thing just having a new priest for the church but to have your own sons... it's a real special privilege for us. - Oh, this is really fast. - Yeah. Todd and Gary have worked on the family dairy farm for most of their lives. I think one of the greatest joys of growing up on a farm is that sense of being needed. Like I helped cut that field of hay, I helped to move the cows. You make it go around and that's been a great blessing. Dad was always saying that everything we have here on this farm is a blessing from God. Here, Bessie, Bessie, Bessie. - Oh look at that little guy. - Got to wake him up. You call them all Bessie? - Yeah, every cow is Bessie. - Oh. Here, Bessie, you want to suck on her finger? No, I don't want... I don't need it to suck on my finger. That's the quintessential farm experience right there. That's all right, I'll pass. As young boys and twins, Todd and Gary had similar interests and personalities. It's hard to believe that you two were both - these shy guys. - People often... comment on that too, I have to marvel, like where did this... where did I come from? I mean, how shy were you? - Pretty shy. - Pretty Shy. From a young age, the twins did everything together. They went to Catholic school... had their first confession at age eight and became altar boys at ten. It was during this time that God spoke directly to one of them. I was about seven or eight years old when I first felt the call. Then a thought came into my head, you know, "Gary, if you wanna go to heaven one day, you should be a priest." So, Gary, you felt the call first. - Did you share this with Todd? - No. - No. - Not a bit. Todd tells me, he heard his own calling several years later when he was 14. He also chose to keep it a secret from his brother. Our parents talked to both of us separately but we weren't talking to each other... and eventually they're the ones that brought us in the same room and said, "You're both thinking about it." And were you surprised that the other was thinking about it? Yeah, it was a big relief actually to know, "Oh wow, he's feeling this call too and I can maybe share it with him." The twins began the required eight years of seminary, traveling on retreats to the Holy Land and Rome. Seven years in, they became deacons and a year later, at the age of twenty-six, they were finally ordained as priests. The entire church gathered for this moment, saying, "Thank you God for this man. Please bless him. Please prepare him. Please open his heart." It's hard to put into words. It was one of the most powerful and also joyful moments of my life... and uh, I couldn't stop smiling the entire day. Todd and Gary are now devoted to doing God's work. They've joined their Uncle Bill who is also a man of the cloth. Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with thee. Just as, you know, roots give life and support to a tree. That's what I have here... it is really a support system. Theirs, is a close knit family and the only one that Todd and Gary will ever have. As priests, they've both made the ultimate sacrifice... to remain celibate for the rest of their lives. Did you ever think you might feel like you kind of just missed out on physical relationship with a woman? That desire certainly is still there... always will be there... but that's not part of what my life is. Jesus can and does fulfill it another ways. Did you ever feel even slightly disappointed that you might not be getting grandkids out of those boys? - I mean they are really... - No. ...handsome guys. - No, no. - No. No, because your children might not be called to marriage. And if they are... they might not have children. So there's no guarantees that there were going to be grandchildren to begin with. Back in his parish, Father Gary is now far from the family farm... handling the daily duties of tending to his new flock. You've come from such a big family... and you spent the last eight years in seminary - and you had your brother. - That's right. Now you're here. - Yeah. - Do you ever feel lonely? Yeah, I've definitely been there... but a wise priest once told me that, "When you feel the loneliness, don't run away from it. You go over to Jesus and see what he does." Father Gary uses that same advice when he faces one of the toughest parts of the job... Praying with those in their darkest hour. Can I do this? Can I handle walking with people into the dark moments of their life? The duties of a Catholic Priest take Father Gary beyond church walls. Today, he's been called to the hospital - Hey Father Gary. How are you? - Hey, Lisa, good to see you. Good to see you. He's here to visit and pray with the sick and dying. In his short career, it's something he's done only a handful of times. You're visiting people in some cases in their last moments. - It's true, yeah. - What kind of pressure is that for you? I would say it's a very privileged moment to be in. As a priest people see, see the collar, they see me and they welcome me... not just as Gary, but as Father Gary, and as bringing God into that situation. Terry, do you mind if we come in? - Not at all. - I'm Father Gary from Holy Family. It's nice to meet you. 66-Year-old Terry and her husband Don are devout Catholics who are confronting an uncertain future. Terry has liver disease and she's waiting for a transplant. They tell me that after I get the liver I'll be back - to what I normally would be. - Really? - That would be wonderful. - Oh, that would be great. - Have you been anointed before? - No. Well, it's a special grace, in which... The anointing of the sick... it's a ritual of prayer and healing... and something only a priest can offer. Lord we have gathered here in your name and we ask you to be among us, to watch over our sister Terry. Through this holy anointing, may the Lord in his love and mercy help you with the grace of the Holy Spirit. Look with compassion upon your servant Terry whom we have anointed in your name for the healing of her body and spirit. And we ask all this through Christ our lord. Amen. Oh thank you. - You're welcome. - I am so blessed. Good. Praise God - These are tears of joy. - Yeah. What does it mean to you to have Father Gary visit you today? It makes me feel that God is right here with me. Yeah, right here in this hospital room. You've been part of the church for a long time. What's it like to have this very young looking Father? Is he the youngest priest that you've encountered? - I don't know of any younger. - Yeah. He's breath of fresh air. I don't think you know most people would expect to see a priest - as young as you are but... - Yeah. I think it's great. - I watched Terry light up. - Yeah. When you prayed with her. How did that make you feel? To see the light in that woman's eyes as I was praying with her... and this is so encouraging to know that God touched that person through what I did... just the joy of being a priest. That's a good reason to get up in the morning. - It has been an honor. - Yes. Father Gary, despite his baby-face carried with him this composure and this maturity and this warmth and compassion and I got it. I got the reason why someone could feel that call. I can't imagine there's a better feeling than what it felt like to bring just that moment of calmness and peace. It was beautiful. Like his brother Gary, Father Todd helps manage his own parish. Though every morning starts the same... each day brings something new... a funeral, a wedding, a visit with someone in need. Father Todd lives in the church rectory rent free and earns a yearly salary of $30,000 dollars from parish donations. It's not much money, but there's little time for play when you're doing God's work. I've seen one brother comfort his parishioners in the face of death, and now, I'm about to witness the other guide his, at the beginning of life. You have asked to have your children baptized. I now trace the cross on your foreheads and invite your parents and godparents to do the same. Father Todd is welcoming not one, but three young children into the Catholic faith. Lord, bathe these children in light and welcome them into your holy church. Make them your faithful followers and witnesses to your gospel. We pray to the Lord. Lord, hear our prayers. My dear brothers and sisters, we now ask God to give... Like his brother Gary, Todd too is a brand new priest vested by the Catholic church with the authority to perform sacred rituals called Sacraments. Elijah, I baptize you in the name of the Father... and of the Son... and of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Through his ministry, the youngest of his flock become sons and daughters of God. What is it like to play such a significant role in people's lives? It's just a great honor. You talk about people really encountering God in a powerful way. This is one of the big ways. Their parents are saying this is what, we want God to be the center of your life and we want you to receive this identity and to live it and we're gonna do our best to raise you in it and to never let you forget it. These children have been reborn in baptism. May almighty God the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit bless you. Amen. Wow, thanks so much that was beautiful. Thank you Father. Even though this is your third child you're just beaming today. What does it mean to you? Our faith is the most important thing to our life and it's his very first sacrament and the washing away of original sin and welcoming him into our church and our belief and our faith and to unjust... envision that grace coming down upon him and God blessing him in that way... just makes my heart burst. Today, Father Todd has brought three more souls into his congregation. From this moment on, he will be their spiritual guide as they grow, and will catch them when they fall. Every week, he heads to a tiny room where the troubled come to bare their souls. Confession is the most private of Catholic rituals. Father Todd shares what it's like to be the keeper of people's darkest secrets. So this is the confession room, huh? This is one of the confessionals right here at Saint Thomas. Did you get nervous in the beginning just because people are sharing such deeply held things with you? Oh, I was terrified the first time I walked in here. This is such a sacred space where someone can be completely open to the Lord and sometimes that means really sharing something that they have never ever told anyone. So, whenever I'm in here I'm really trying to listen with the Holy Spirit, saying, "God, I need you to tell me what to say." And, uh, so far He's come through. We all are predisposed to form opinions and make judgments. How hard is it for you to not judge what you hear? Actually surprisingly not that hard not to judge. Having had the experience of God's own love and mercy myself, how on earth could I not give that to someone else? At the end of the day - you are a 26-year-old farm boy. - Uh-hmm. Where do you get this authority to be able to forgive people? At the end of the day I am only a 26-year-old farm boy... but it's not coming from me. This is God's work and not mine. Two brothers have committed to a lifetime of God's work... guiding parishioners through life and death, sin and salvation. In our self-absorbed world, it's hard to imagine anyone choosing such a selfless path... but in the town of Fowler, even a high school jock and ladies' man can hear God's call I don't know if God is calling me to do this, but I cannot ignore this, it will not go away. The Catholic Church has struggled for decades to produce new priests... but here, in Central Michigan in the diocese of Lansing, the number of young men entering seminary has doubled over the past decade. They've been averaging almost 30 seminarians a year. In the village of Fowler, faith is just as important as farming. Statues of the Virgin Mary appear in front yards and Sunday service is always packed. This tiny community alone has produced 22 priests since its inception. Christ have mercy. Father Dennis has been the pastor here for seven years and oversees a congregation made up of families who have lived here for generations. Why is Catholicism flourishing here in Fowler? I think it's deeply rooted in the community. It is amazing how many people who are just really committed to preserving the faith and they're passing it on to their children. As early as fourth grade, young boys become an integral part of services... versed in the language, ritual, and mystery of the church. Fourteen-year-old Charlie has been an altar boy since he was nine. What do you like about being an altar boy? You're right in there at mass, and you're right up with Jesus, and people look up to you, and that's kind of a nice feeling. Have you ever considered becoming a priest? I'm open to it. I never know if I am going to be a priest. And what appeals to you about the idea of becoming a priest? It's just kind of cool seeing a priest, they know a whole bunch of different people, they go a lot of places, they have a lot of neat stories. Has the Lord spoken to you about your future much? Not really. I mean I pray about it, asking the Lord what he wants me to be, but, I haven't heard an answer yet, but you just keep on praying. - You've got some time. - Yeah. Ready? Father Dennis hopes to guarantee the steady interest in the priesthood by keeping the next generation focused on God. I think our job as parishes is to create an openness in the young people. Is this something God may be calling you to? We're aggressively trying to evangelize our young people. We provide lots of opportunities for them to encounter the Lord Jesus. So is this what you meant by evangelizing the youth? Yep. - Barbeque, volleyball... - Yup. Uh-hmm. - How often do you all do this? - Food... is a great evangelization tool. This is true. Free food especially. This is the kind of thing that we like to do with our young people, just kick back, and have fun with them. I'm just curious have any of the young men here expressed an interest in becoming priests? Yeah. I'd say there's, uh, about four of the guys here that have talked to me at some point about discerning priesthood. Yeah. The church is encouraging these conversations with God, and even the most unlikely candidates are heeding the call. God is calling everybody. He's not just calling the people that have prayed in their room their whole lives who don't have friends, who didn't have a lot of experience dating. He calls a lot of people and I just happened to have the grace to respond. Thirty-two-year old Father Mathias grew up in Fowler, surrounded by a strong culture of faith, but his pursuit of the priesthood came as a surprise even to himself. When I come back here it's like back to memory lane. I've changed so much since I was in high school. Back then, Mathias was a typical high school jock. His life consumed by sports. When he wasn't running plays on the football field, he was working on his fast-pitch, and trying to impress the ladies. I'm meeting Father Mathias back at his old stomping grounds, the field where he competed as a tight end for four years. So were you playing football on this field when you realized that you might be interested in the priesthood? It wasn't even really on my radar at all. I actually was just like everybody else. I mean I wanted to play football, and have fun. I mean you work so hard giving yourself to working out and to being good that you don't think so much about those type of things. You live for the Friday nights, you know. What kinds of memories does this bring back? I remember just giving everything on this field, you know, just playing as if this was it, this was what high school is all about, playing sports and, you know, the girls and friends. You were pretty studly in high school - I would imagine though. - Well, maybe. My girlfriends would probably think so. Yeah, because you had quite a few girlfriends... Had you always thought that one day you would be married and have kids, and have the white picket fence? That's the goal of all the guys here. You grow up, you have fun at high school, you go to college, you get a job, and you marry. Mathias thought he knew where his life was headed... but God had other plans. When a friend suggested they go to youth group, Mathias followed, and everything changed. I started hearing the gospel for the first time in a way that I could understand. My heart started to grow in love with Jesus in way it never had before. Mathias's passion for Christ grew and followed him into college where god would find him... in a relationship. He was dating Samantha when he received his first call from God. I'm in prayer and he said, "I want you to be a priest." And I'm like, "No. Priests are celibate. No. "And I said," Okay. If you want me to be a priest, you have to have my girlfriend break up with me because there's no way I'm going to break up with her." And that's exactly what happened. After six months of dating, Samantha broke up with Mathias. But if that was a sign from God, he still wasn't ready. And he fell for another woman, he thought was "The One". I had everything I ever wanted in a girl, and a... and a wife of my future children, but there was something missing, the more I prayed the more I kept getting this prompting, "Give everything to the Lord," leave the girl of your dreams. To pursue something that you don't even know you're called to, - is very difficult. - It's a huge risk. It's a huge risk. But that's what love is. If God is calling me, the one whom I love, the one who's changed my life. Who am I to say no to God? But just as Mathias was about to enter seminary... news of the sex abuse scandal in the church exploded in the media... stunning the world. Right after the scandals broke in the church. I remember thinking to myself, "Is this what I really want? Do I really want to step into the church here?" There's two responses to evil, either I allow that evil to, in a sense, discourage me from doing good, or I actually use that as a motivation to do all the more the will of God. And so I actually used the scandal as something which propelled me forward in proclaiming God to a world that is hurting. A priest is meant to advise people in good times and bad... to meet them in moments of vulnerability. And to take advantage of that is deplorable. I'm meeting Bishop Earl Boyea of the Catholic Diocese of Lansing. Bishop Boyea oversees more than 200 priests within the diocese. It's his job to make sure every one of his priests are doing God's work and not abusing their power. Sexual abuse happens in all communities, but this is the only community where celibacy is mandatory. Do you think that that has anything to do with what has happened? You know it may have something to do with it in given circumstances. I just think there's some, well a force of evil at work in their lives that has caused them to commit these grave sins. Do you think the church has dealt with it properly? Not in the past as well as it should have. I think in the present I think we're doing much better. If there is an allegation against a minor, we immediately tell the person report this to the police. In fact, Bishop Boyea's Michigan Diocese is no stranger to allegations of inappropriate conduct and a recent report has hit close to home. I know that there is currently a priest that is under investigation here. Can you comment on that at all? I really can't because that's still under investigation by the civil authorities and I have to wait for them to conclude their work. Why do you think the church has had such a problem with sexual abuse? Well, I don't know that it has had a problem any more than the normal population. But having said that, for a priest to do this is much worse because not only is this a physical violation, not only is it an emotional violation, it's a spiritual violation. And that's what makes it most serious and what makes it most troublesome, I think, for the church. In the wake of scandal much of the world now views Catholic clergy with skepticism but one young seminarian isn't letting that stop him on his path to the priesthood. There is a lot of hatred towards the church, this is going to be our job to heal. It's gonna be a lot of work, but that's gonna be our calling. Through my fault, through my fault, through my most grievous fault. Growing up in Fowler, 19-year-old Lee wasn't sure what he wanted to be. The first thing I wanted to be was an astronaut. And after that, I think I thought about farming because it's a lot of fun. And after that, is when I started praying about seminary, and it has captivated me pretty seriously since then. It's like, this is what I should do. Lee has completed one year of seminary and is about to enter his second. What was it about the priesthood that seemed interesting to you? I see what a priest does for people, and how they help people, and it's like, I too want to do that. The thought of that gave me an enormous amount of joy. What inspired Lee the most, though, were his two older brothers, Father Todd and Father Gary. What kind of impact did Todd and Gary have on you? I don't remember exactly the point when I like, I looked at them and it's like, these two guys are really holy guys. They want to share God's love and like it really shows in how they interact with others all the time. I want to be able to do that same amount of good. As a child, Lee was even quieter and more reserved than Todd and Gary. Like them, he too was involved in church from an early age and shaped by his community's strong faith. Did you have aspirations of wanting to get married and have kids? I thought about being a father. It'd be like, it'd be a lot of fun raising kids. There's a lot of joy in that. But I felt that call and that's where my happiness is right now. For his parents Agnes and Brian, it's a possible blessing a third time around. So you might have three priests... - In your family. - Yes. Yes. How do you feel about that? Ah, wonderful. That's what he's called to be, that's where he's gonna be. But while Agnes is in full support, she also knows that like his brothers, Lee is considering a profession plagued by controversy. This is a support group for mothers of seminarians. - Is that is that right? - Yes. Why is there a need for it? It's something that no one else understands. If they don't have a son in seminary, - they don't understand. - I have one person said, "Oh, that's so sad that your son is going into the seminary. You'll never be a grandma." And I said, "He's not mine, he's God's." God gave him to me for 18 years." They go, "Are you okay with it?" I go, "Yeah. It's not my plan. - I'm okay with it." - When Todd and Gary were going to attend seminary, someone came over and said, "That's really sad. I thought they were really going to make something of themselves." - Oh. - And that was... yes. That was very hard. And I thought, "You know what? That's the person that really needs the prayers. It's not us. It's not our boys. It's... It was that person. Priests have gotten a pretty bad rap over the last ten years and there's a lot of negative stuff that is said about priests. Do you have concerns about that as your sons are embarking upon this journey? I think that that's why, you know, there's our little group, you know, we pray for them, we pray that our sons would never fail in their faith. And they never in any way sin against God. At the end of the day these are your little boys and they're really gonna be carrying really, really heavy burdens and people will be coming to them in their darkest places and with their deepest concerns. But that's where some of their greatest joy comes from. Is through God's grace and the Holy Spirit they're able to help these people. But not everyone is cut out for the priesthood. At Lee's college seminary, nearly two thirds of young men drop out. Last year, Lee was almost one of them. In the first few months of freshman year, he was lost and homesick. Obviously it's a huge switch from farm life. It was two months where I was absolutely miserable. It's like, I don't know what I'm doing, I don't know how to do this. I felt just kind of pain, doubt, fears. When you experience those kind of, you know, moments in seminary, their advice to you is, "Do not change what you're doing," like, "Stay in the same direction, don't make, you know, big decisions." So I didn't. Lee stuck that semester out. And in just a few days, he returns to seminary for seven more years. So are you excited to go back to seminary? I am excited. After that first semester, I didn't think I'd ever be excited. Lee hit his first bump on the road to priesthood. And there may be more ahead. I have a lot to learn about celibacy. It's still like... kind of scary. Do I want to go through my whole life never being married? If I become a priest, I am giving this life up. - Last hand. - Last hand. I'll lose one. In Saint Paul, Minnesota, Lee is just a few days into his second year of college seminary... and already finding it an entirely different ball game. I got it. Being here this year everything is different. I have all these brothers, and it's like these are great, awesome guys. Over time I realized like, this is where I'm meant to be. While there's time to hang out with friends, prayer and study are the focus here. And sometime over the next seven years, Lee hopes God will give him that final sign. When do you think you'll know, Lee? When do you think God will say to you, "Okay, you are to become a priest?" I don't know. That's part of like the mystery of seminary, it's like, when is that gonna happen? Some guys it'll be this year, some next, some won't know till they're in senior year. Hopefully I'm not one of those. Until that fateful moment, there is always a second path for Lee, one that could someday lead to a wife and kids, and even here at seminary, he's surrounded by temptation. The University of Saint Thomas is a co-ed school, which means that girls are everywhere... a siren song of distraction from the pursuit of a higher calling. So you're in Seminary, but the seminary is on this college campus. - Yes. - And so you are interacting with lots of different people, including a lot of very attractive women. - Yes, that is true. - I'm assuming you've noticed that? Yup. Is it sometimes hard to maintain focus? It's not that difficult, I mean, you can have wonderful chaste relationships with women. I mean you see a beautiful woman, it's like, don't look at the parts, like look at the whole. Imagine like she's your sister, it also helps a lot. And sometimes you just have to avert your eyes. I think a lot of people outside of your world are like, "How the heck can he do it?" I mean, I've just been sitting in here for the last 20 minutes, and I'm noticing tons of hot chicks. People yeah, we say that like when you come to Saint Thomas it's kind of a cruel joke. - It's kind of a cruel joke? - Yeah. Lee tells me like his brothers he's never dated anyone. And if he follows through and commits to a vow of celibacy he never will. There are guys in Seminary now who have experienced intimacy with a woman. You haven't. But you're kind of okay right now with the fact that it could never happen? Yep. Right now I'm okay with it. While Lee may never experience physical intimacy, Father Mathias has... and yet now feels blessed by its absence. Celibacy's a gift. It's not something that someone can just voluntarily do on their own, it's gotta be given from God. And while he could have chosen a wife, he's happier celebrating marriage... as a priest. I've actually found as a priest, more fulfillment and more joy than I ever thought possible. I do realize that the sacrifice is something that I have to make. And it's something that is worth making because God is that much greater. You are still a human being, do you still now deal with temptations? Oh absolutely. Everyone experiences temptations, - even the greatest of saints. - So how do you deal with it? Usually the temptations are more like, "You could be married. You could have children. You could have all these things." I just simply say Lord I give this to you. I say yes to fidelity, to Jesus. It's just as difficult for a husband or wife to say no to other people, in one sense, as it is for me to say no to temptations. Over the past four years, this former ladies' man has settled into his role as a priest, learning how to overcome the obstacle of temptation... but priesthood has just thrown him a new curve ball. He's been pulled from his parish by the bishop himself to answer yet another call. In Detroit, Father Mathias is back in seminary. Jesus Christ is worthy of all praise. We honor him, and in our weakness, we pray. The bishop has pulled him from his parish and sent him back to school... To help spiritually form the next generation of priests. It seems that he is being groomed for leadership... placed in this role to mentor seminarians in their quest for the priesthood. So essentially your job is to try and really encourage seminarians? Forming priests is one of the most important tasks that one has in the church and we need good priests. It basically is a one-on-one intense conversation where the seminarian can be vulnerable about all that's going on in his heart. And there, they begin to discover their own call to the priesthood. Determining whether or not they're meant for this job requires hours of prayer and study. But it doesn't mean saying goodbye to a night out with the guys. - Okay. - Yeah. Come on. Hey. Cheers, Fathers. Go Lansing, yes. I didn't quite expect a bar in a seminary. Is this typical of seminaries? - It is. - It is? When I first came here I was actually somewhat scandalized that the seminary had a pub. I'm like, seriously? But this is actually a great place for people to relax. Watch sports, hang out. While all these men are wearing the collar, they're not yet priests. They have a few more years to question the call. What's the most difficult aspect of being a seminarian? On record or off record? On record, definitely. On record. I'd say always being... like you're always under the microscope, I'd say. That's an honest answer, yeah. Always being looked at, always being judge... you know, judged, and... And so how do you deal with that? We drink. Well, I think seminary is hard, but you know, we've all, you know, fallen in love with Jesus. We all have this relationship with him. We want to share him with the rest of the world. There is a large percentage of the population that thinks that priests are synonymous with abusers... just because it's been so widely reported. How has that affected your desires to want to continue on to the priesthood? The world needs priests that love Jesus, that love the people, and so I want to be one of those guys that can do that. You need people to show people, you know, that priests are holy men, they're great men, and they haven't all made these mistakes. It is a radical decision to become a priest, but given how scandalized the priesthood has been over the last decade, it's even more bold. But I've really admire all these young men who are trying to change the perception of what it means to be a priest. This is a brotherhood. And while they're young... despite feeling the weight of societal pressure... this life brings them overwhelming joy. And they are exactly where they want to be. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 