This Is Life with Lisa Ling: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling 
 s1e3 - The Genius Experiment - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Genius Experiment - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is the story of a controversial experiment to create geniuses that began over 30 years ago. He wanted to help stronger, more intelligent people reproduce more. Robert Graham, an eccentric millionaire who believed the brain power of the human race was in decline had a solution, selectively breeding for intelligence. It was called the Repository for Germinal Choice, and press got wind of it, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and people went up in arms. This is tampering with God. Hidden amongst us are over 200 children that carry a secret buried deep in their DNA, the genetic make-up for academic excellence. We as a species do need to make sure that we're not slipping into an idiocracy. Did the experiment work? Are you a genius? Tonight we'll meet the progeny of the experiment to create geniuses, and explore the legacy Robert Graham left behind. What is it like to try and create a better version of you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's super weird. THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 3 -The Genius Experiment So nine years ago, I met this guy. He was six-four, a doctor and as it turns out, a pretty good cook. I was instantly interested. I admittedly thought to myself, this guy could make a good baby daddy. Paul and I got married, and several years later, decided to start a family but the journey wasn't easy. After two miscarriages we were finally successful, when in 2013, we gave birth to our baby girl, Jett. Oh, you're gonna help Daddy cook? You're gonna help Daddy cook? All we cared about was having a healthy baby, but of course we hoped she'd be smart too. So, for fun, we started to test her. Where's the turtle? Where's turtle? Yeah! Where's sea horse, Jetty? Where's sea horse? Yeah! Let's look. Did she inherit her father's academic prowess? Where's Chu, see? Right! Or will she have more of her mother's outgoing personality? Give me five! Good job! Jett's genetic hand has been dealt, and only time will tell if she turns out to be our baby genius but what if you could shop for smarts? It may sound like the stuff of science fiction, but in the 1980s, one man didn't think so. When Robert Graham opened the so-called genius sperm bank over 30 years ago, it caused a media frenzy. On this estate, 30 miles north of San Diego, is housed a sperm bank said to be made up exclusively of donations by Nobel Prize winning scientists. The sperm is the property of Robert K. Graham, who has long been concerned about what he believes to be the declining genetic endowment of mankind. The better the human gene pool, the better the individuals will come out of it. And the poorer the human gene pool, the more useless and detrimental individuals will come out of it. I'm interested in improving the human gene pool. Officially called the Repository for Germinal Choice, its goal was simple, but innovative. Graham would pre-screen men based on their intellectual pedigree. Once approved, a donor sheet listing their IQ and academic accomplishments would be mailed to interested shoppers. Over 200 progeny were born from genius sperm. Children he hoped would better the human gene pool. The question is, did it work? So 30 years ago what Robert Graham tried to do in manufacturing genius was hugely controversial but nevertheless he was inundated with people who wanted to utilize his services, like a couple that lives in this building here in New York City. Before finding the Repository, Adrienne and David Ramm tried for years to conceive naturally, but with no success. At what point did you realize there was something wrong? We visited the doctors and she turned out to be exceptionally fertile, and I was exceptionally infertile. Adrienne wanted the experience of birth, so adoption was out of the question. After hearing about the Repository on TV, they decided to check it out. So, what did you actually read about the Repository that struck you? Really, the basic thing was to research into the donor's past, and their genetics and their health history. Number one, but number two would be that what they had accomplished. That these people were successful, the donors, yeah. The Ramms applied, and their application was quickly accepted. I can't believe you still have this brochure. The Repository for Germinal Choice not only enables the wives to become mothers but increases the chances of giving their children a genetically advantaged start in life. And these are the donor profiles? Uh-hmm. - You still have these as well? Each donor was given a color-coded ID to protect their identities. Donor clear and donor fuchsia were at the top of the Ramm's list. Outstanding intellect, with exceptional athletic ability. Northwest European, blue eyes, fair skin, blonde hair. Professor of a hard science at a major university, he has produced outstanding research. So would you say your first child has outstanding intellect with exceptional athletic ability? Uh-hmm. I mean, all of these donors sound pretty extraordinary. Executive Aerospace scientist, graduate involved in genetic research. But, I mean, I would have a hard time with these. On paper, they're all amazing. David, I just have to ask you, as you're thumbing through some of these donor profiles and seeing these extraordinary accomplishments and physical characteristics, did you feel at all any kind of inferiority complex or insecurities? Well, there was some insecurity, but not about them. Their part is done. You know, they've provided the sperm. The really difficult part, in my view, is raising them and being a father and that's gonna be up to me, so. The decision had been made, and an order placed. Donor clear, professor of a hard science at a major university, outstanding intellect and exceptional athletic ability. So this big canister shows up in the mail? - Yes. - Yeah, it shows up FedEx. Yep. And then, like a sci-fi movie, you take the lid off the tank and all this smoke comes out and everything. It was a learning experience for me. It was an eye-opener, to say the least. The insemination was a success on the first try. Nine months later the Ramms welcomed their first child, Leandra, into the world. Right away, she had a voice. Oh my goodness. Academically accomplished and vocally talented growing up, Leandra found a successful career singing opera but she wasn't the only Ramm child to succeed. Ecstatic about Leandra's birth, the Ramms went back to the Repository in hopes of using more of donor clear's sperm for a second child but they hit a snag. So how many children could each of these donors have? They could sire 10 children. When we were so happy with clear having our daughter Leandra, and we were ready to have a second child. Clear was no longer available because he had already sired the 10 children. So we had to find another one. After another search, donor fuchsia stuck out. An Olympic gold medalist, IQ not tested, but superior. Courtney was born in 1988, the Ramm's second child from the Repository. Did you see Olympic qualities in her? Yes, yes, I do. She's very strong and she has all the qualities of a great artist. Hi. Welcome to wacky weather. Over here, up North, it's cloudy in the mid 70's and it's raining. My family is very, very artsy. I think the environment plays such a large part in who we become and, you know, how that child, how that person is nurtured throughout their life and what experiences they have. I think that shapes them just as much as their genes for sure. What were you like as a kid? As a kid? Well, I remember being really happy all the time. I had this great friendship and relationship with my siblings and my older sister. I felt just really free, free to do whatever I wanted and free to, you know, take ballet lessons, take piano lessons, take art classes, I was just really supported. How did you do in school? I always actually loved school. I did really well for the most part I got like straight As. So, would you say academics, kind of, came naturally to you? Yes. For sure. Have you ever felt pressure to live up to the genius moniker? From the outside, I've never... no, I've never felt any pressure. I have a lot of goals and a lot of things I'm working towards in my life. It's really just, sort of, who I am. The Ramms would have one more child through the Repository. They went back to donor fuchsia and Courtney was given a biological brother, Logan. While his birth was a blessing to the family, somewhere along the way they noticed a change in him. There was definitely a stop of the development. He seemed to go more inside himself. Logan would later be diagnosed with PDD, Pervasive Developmental Disorder, a form of autism. - Saaa. - Save picture as. Cu-cu. F-Fu-Fu. Save, Save. Very Good. You know, there's only so much you can control even with the genetics at this point in our history. You're darn right. I mean, I didn't know that my third child would have Aut... have... Be under Autistic Spectrum. You know, I didn't have any control over that. You don't know what's gonna happen and even when you try to increase the chances of something going one way, you still... it's completely& What you're doing is increasing the chances, that's it. Because there's so many impossible number of variations and permutations involved in creating a human being. Whether you have your baby naturally or through artificial insemination or IVF, it's just impossible to know what kinds of characteristics your child is going to have. You just can't know, all you can do is provide love. When Robert Graham died in 1997, the genius sperm bank followed closely behind and with it, decades of record keeping and files were relocated. But after some digging, we found a young man in the Midwest who decided to talk on camera for the first time sharing the details of a life that's had many twists and turns. There were over 200 kids born from the Repository over an 18-year period. Some of them are still quite young and may not even know that they were born using sperm from the Repository. Kids are spread out all over the United States, but there's a young man here in rural Illinois who has agreed to talk to us. I was very lucky because the two elements that go into a person, nature and nurture, I had the best of both worlds really. Genius can be found in many places but on top of a roof is not where I expected to find one of the progeny. - Hey, Tom! - Hey, Lisa! How you doing? Not bad, yourself? Good, it's toasty out here. So how long have you been roofing? This is my second year. How do you like it? It's actually really fun. You get to work outside all the time. I get to work with all my friends. Do the guys you work with know that you are a progeny from the genius sperm bank? Yeah, some of them do. Some of them I'm okay sharing my background with. There might be a lot of people who are surprised to see someone from the genius sperm bank out here doing manual labor. What do you think? It's been, kind of, a winding road that's brought me to here. Twenty-nine-year-old Tom's genetic journey began at birth. His parents never told him about his Repository past, raising him as if he were just like any other child but on the inside, written in his DNA, was the genetic code for academic excellence. Did you do well in school? Oh yeah, very well in school. When I got to high school I actually started taking college courses as a freshman. I have a near eidetic memory and when I read something, or hear it, it recalls faster than most people. You've been that way since you were a kid? Yeah, it's horribly painful when the class moves at the speed of the slowest student in the room. And you're on the other end of the spectrum and you're just constantly bored. Were you a popular kid? No. Those two don't go hand in hand. Kind of a nerd? Yeah. Definitely the nerd, the outcast. Are these all your books? Oh yes, that's not all of them though. That's a good amount of them. This is actually probably the most appropriate. - Brave New World? - Yes. I've had this for forever. I borrowed it from the library. It's actually all about eugenics and the future, and the impacts that eugenics can have. This is all designer babies, built to be Alpha's, Beta's, Delta's and have a social class that's pre-determined. Do you think Tom's a genius? I think he is very, very intelligent, yes. Thirty years ago Tom's mother, Mary, wanted to start a family but after years of trying, she wasn't getting pregnant. We went through all the fertility testing and everything was fine with me, so then we went for testing for him and we found out that he had a problem. Unable to have a biological child through her husband, the only option was to use a sperm bank and their doctor recommended the Repository. So how important was the intelligence factor in your decision to go with the Repository? To me that was huge because I've always felt that intelligence equals success in life usually. If you're like you're in a situation where I was where my husband and I could not have our own child and you have to pick characteristics, it's only the smart thing to do to try to stack the deck in your child's favor and to try to get the best that you can get for your child. Mary ended up picking donor coral, an IQ of one-sixty at age nine, and a professional man of high standing. Nine months later, Tom was born, given the source, expectations were high. Did your mother ride you a lot as a kid? Yes, yes, my mom pushed me, "You have more potential than this, you can do better. Keep, keep working, keep doing your homework." So she had certain expectations of you? Yes. I just always felt he would be smart. It was something I just expected. - Because of their genes. - And I think yes. I'm sure that influenced me. While his mother was always driving Tom forward, his father was noticeably absent from the home, growing more distant from him as time passed. What Tom suspected but didn't know was that his dad wasn't his biological father and the secret was close to coming out. I could tell that there was definitely a rift between me and my dad growing up. Did you feel like you had much in common with your dad? No. We're two completely different people. I weighed, is this going to be emotionally harder for him if I tell him or harder for him if I don't tell him? I was 15 years old. I could tell that there were secrets and that there were things that she was keeping from me. And I really pushed her to find out what it was. What did your mother actually say when she finally relented and told you? That I didn't have to worry about... my dad's genes because I wasn't related to him anyway. You've hit the genetic lottery, you have about the best genes that you can possibly get. I made sure of that, I went through the Repository for Germinal Choice. Tom's future now seemed bright, filled with limitless potential but life was about to throw him and his high school girlfriend a huge curve ball. I got my wife pregnant at 16. I've had a son since I was 17. After I got out of high school, I knew that she was pregnant. Four days later I had a full-time job and was working forty hours a week and contributing and being there for him. I have two children I am financially responsible for. I am committed to providing the best environment that I can for them. You know, it's over right now already, right? - Might be. - No, it is. How is it already over then? Oh no, don't. You know better. Faced with raising a family at such a young age, college would have to wait but manual labor wasn't Tom's first choice to make a living. He had something a little more unconventional in mind. The main reason I ended up going into roofing is because I have a felony on my background for production of cannabis. And how did you get into that? I actually was interested in the biology and the science behind it, and& - Of course you were. - Yeah, in the... in the selectively breeding for traits and I picked the best ten plants and those would be my mother's that I would seed and create my next generation. - So, you were a product of selective breeding? - Yes. You happened to take up a keen interest in selective breeding. - Yes. - Kind of, ironic. I have a strong interest in it, attention grows where interest goes. I have heirloom strains that I've created for my children to pass along to them someday. It's going to be legal in the United States someday. And I got a felony for being ahead of my time a little bit. A man ahead of his time, it begs the question, who was Tom's biological father? Did he too, think outside the box? A step ahead of the rest? After an exhaustive search, Tom had a real name and phone number. So you're sitting by the phone, and what are you thinking? I'm just... I'm wondering what's going to be on the other end. Who's gonna call me, is he going to be a lawyer, a doctor? What kind of person am I going to be meeting? Imagine finding out that the person you always thought was your father isn't and that you had genius genes from someone else. It put some pressure on him to live up to expectations of what he might become. But it really made me wonder what kind of man would donate to this controversial program 30 years ago. Tom is one of the over 200 progeny born from the genius sperm bank, an experiment to populate the world's gene pool with smart genes. After years of searching for his biological father, they finally connected on the phone. The mystery of half his family tree was about to be solved. The phone calls comes, I start talking with him and he's a normal person. He's just a regular person like me. He's made mistakes, he's had triumphs, tribulations. After the call, they agreed to meet in person several months later. Tom came face-to-face with a father he only knew as donor coral, an MIT graduate and a man of high standing. Is that your biological dad? That's my biological dad. And my two half-sisters. Whoa. God, Tom, you look like him. Uh-hmm, you can really see it. You really look like him. What was that like, this man that you'd never known, that you just found out about and then seeing yourself so profoundly in him? It was just really, really eerie. It was like looking into a mirror and seeing myself 20 years from now. Who was donor coral? Why was he selected for the Repository for Germinal Choice? I was about to find out. Hello? - Hi, Ben? - Hey, good morning. Donor coral, real name Benjamin, agreed to speak with us on the phone. It's certainly good to give children as good a start in life as possible and intelligence is one of the things that helps people in life. Did your educational pedigree was that one of the reasons why you were somewhat sought after as a donor? It's quite possible. I grew up on the East Coast. I have a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics and then I worked for a year in the Space Shuttle Program doing computer work, and then I went to law school. So, I thought it seemed like a good idea. And how many times did you donate for the Repository? Um, maybe about 25 or 30? Twenty-five or thirty? Perhaps. Yeah. Do you know how many of those donations resulted in a child? I have only heard of one or two children being born from maybe three from the Repository using my sperm, so& Do you remember any of the questions that Robert Graham asked you or what the application process was like? Oh, Julianna was involved in that. That was the lady working at the sperm bank, Julianna. There are very few people who worked directly with Robert Graham but Julianna McKillop was one of them. From 1980 to 1985 she helped him track down the best and brightest sperm in the States. What were the prerequisites for becoming a donor for the Repository? Well, number one, women wanted good health. Number two, they wanted good looks. Number three, they wanted brilliance. How would you go about recruiting them, and what was your pitch? Can you imagine doing that, you know? It wasn't easy to get a donor. They'd, kind of, go like, "Why are you in my office?" And I said, "Well you have some genetic material, and there's some people out there that can use that, they would like to have a child." What kinds of places would you visit in your recruiting efforts? Caltech. Julianna traveled up and down the West Coast, dropping in on elite college campuses to recruit dean's list students. I'd take the tanks of liquid nitrogen in Dr. Graham's Cadillac and drive up to Caltech, and talk to the students. And they'd say, "You want to meet the genius of the whole school? He's... that's his office. "So, I'd just go knock on his office door, and tell him this whole story. And he said, "Okay." He just went in the bathroom and provided a sample? Yeah. I thought, whoa, that is so cool. Why do you think the Repository became known as the Nobel Sperm Bank? Oh, that was the press. It was called the Repository for Germinal Choice, and press got wind of it, and boy oh boy, they just went to town with it. Once one starts down this path, which is based on false assumptions, in my view, you not only start thinking in terms of science fiction about improving the breed, you also start thinking about controlling the breeding of people whom you don't like. I think we've all seen where that leads in Nazi Germany, not that long ago. The idea of selective breeding was enough to cause headlines, but the biggest PR blowout would come from one of their controversial donors. I think that Graham is dealing with questions here, which are of vast importance to the future of mankind and which are now being effectively buried. People are unwilling to look at them. William Shockley, inventor of the transistor, and sperm donor to the program, believed in Graham's mission but Shockley was well known at the time for his racist views, espousing his belief that whites were genetically superior to blacks. Shockley was eventually dropped as a donor, and Robert Graham maintained to the press that his sperm bank was just about the preservation of intelligent genes. We aren't even thinking in terms of a super race. We're thinking in terms of a few more creative, intelligent, useful individuals who would otherwise never have been born. Nobody understood it, they understand it now. It was severe. Gosh, I would say, "Dr. Graham, how can you take this? And he said, "It's fine, because publicity is good for us." And it was, because that phone never stopped ringing. We never had enough sperm. As far as sperm banks went, why was the Repository so unique? Because we screened the donor, because we cared about the genetic material that the recipient would receive, we cared about the child, you know? Look, what Robert Graham tried to do 30 years ago was hugely controversial, wbut it's undeniable that he was a pioneer and that he was the first person to allow couples and women a choice in who their donor would be. These days those who need it are able to choose from the best quality and pedigree when it comes to sperm and even eggs and ultimately, if given the choice, wouldn't you want to give your child the best opportunities possible? The sperm bank industry has changed drastically since the heyday of the Repository 30 years ago. What Graham pioneered, the screening of sperm for desirable traits like intelligence, is now commonplace. This is Fairfax Cryobank, a sperm bank and fertility research center in Virginia. Inside this building, billions of sperm have been collected, all waiting for a shot at creating a baby. Have you ever used a microscope before? I've... not since 7th grade but I'm seeing a plethora. Wow. They're little fast little buggers. How much sperm is in a specimen? A healthy male will have about 20 million sperm per milliliter of semen produced. - Twenty million? - Twenty million. Dr. Michelle Ottey is the lab director who oversees the journey of these little guys from collection cup to cryo tank, and is the gatekeeper for who is and isn't allowed to donate. Is it hard to become a donor? It's a rigorous screening process, which is a good thing because we want really high quality guys in the program. Less than one percent of the men who initially apply to the Fairfax donor program will actually make it through to become an actual active donor. - Less than one percent? - Less than one percent. Statistically it's easier to get into an Ivy League school than it is to get into the Fairfax donor program. - That's wild. - Yes. Hi, thank you for calling, this is Chantel. How can I help you today? We live in a competitive world. Now more than ever, parents are looking to give their kids every possible advantage. They come here looking for genetic material to do just that. Okay. Donor 4315 is identity option, English-German English-Scottish wavy brown hair and hazel eyes. Right now he has two ICI vials available. They're searching for genes to help them create kids that are healthy, good looking and smart. But whose DNA is in such high demand? A sperm donor is about to arrive to leave a sample and he's agreed to talk to us but we cannot show his face because anonymity is of the utmost importance, but I do have this extensive fifteen-page profile about him, so I know a lot about him. I know he has blue eyes, he likes pizza, he has a dog, he plays golf and did track and played football. I know his GPA. Based on this description. I'm thinking... Tom Brady. Hi, how are you? I'm Lisa. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, not exactly Tom Brady but you're just as handsome. Well, thank you. - Thanks for talking to us, do you want to have a seat? - Sure. So how long have you been doing this? Um, a little over a year and a half. I think I'm one of the more prevalent donors, I was asked to donate more than just once a week, so I do it twice weekly. Even among the one percent, this donor is elite, desirable for both his academic background, and the high motility of his sperm. Basically, he's got Olympic-quality swimmers. So this is where the magic happens, huh? This is it. A small little room, it's like a doctor's office basically with a leather couch and television. It's not the most intimate place. No, but you have multiple ways that you can get in the mood, magazines in the cupboard and also the television and of course... or you can just use your imagination. And are there things that you are supposed to... do before you come in? Yeah, you are supposed to stay abstinent for 72 hours before you come in so that, kind of, makes... Puts a little damper on your personal life especially if you're a twice a week donor. - And then after this you just go to work and& - Yep. - Have the rest of your day? - Exactly. All right. Well, I guess I will excuse myself now. - Okay. - All right. Once the deed is done it's on to the deep freeze. Donations are frozen in a vault of liquid nitrogen, suspended in mid-swim until it's their time to shine. So, about how much sperm is being housed here? Tens of thousands of individual cryo-vials from hundreds of donors are stored in these tanks. And how long does it keep for? Technically, we're not sure how long, but we do have a successful pregnancy from sperm that was frozen for twenty-nine years. That's amazing. Under this roof, millions of potential babies are suspended in these tanks, a mind boggling catalog for those searching for the perfect sperm. But today, the donor isn't always a man. Infertility can be a problem for women but science has opened doors here too. And for couples seeking donor eggs, there are just as many choices. Is it unnatural to choose characteristics off of a list when conceiving a baby? Yes. Is it wrong? I don't believe that it is. We've been talking a lot about sperm, and characteristics of sperm donors, but what happens when you're a woman and you have fertility issues? Well, we are in a rural part of Oregon to meet a couple that is dealing with exactly that. Holly, an English teacher, met John over nine years ago. They married and put down roots, planning to start a family. But after years of trying to get pregnant naturally, they weren't having any success. What was that like, I mean, you two are young, to have been trying so long and not being able to get pregnant? - Well& - John: It was frustrating. - I mean& - Yeah, it was. I felt like something about me was broken, and the thing I wanted most in the world, a baby, was being kept from me. At the time, the quality of Holly's eggs seemed okay, and while John's sperm count was low, the doctor said there was still a fighting chance they could have kids through IVF, In Vitro Fertilization. Several embryos were successfully created, and subsequently frozen, a stock of potential babies ready to be born. The first egg implantation took, and their son Ezra was born nine months later. I don't know. What is this letter? A. At what point did you decide you definitely wanted to try to have another? Well, we knew for sure... always that we wanted more than one. So, we had these five frozen embryos back at the clinic, and said, "Hey we want to transfer these guys." They tried to get pregnant but one by one, the frozen embryos weren't working and finally, their stockpile was emptied. That was really crushing, - because now you are out of everything. - Out of embryos. And I'm three years older and I started to wonder about why these other embryos hadn't taken. To my great surprise, I learned that my, uh, ovarian reserve was extremely low, and had been extremely low three years before. What are you doing, da-da? Ezra's birth was an anomaly, and moving forward there was no chance of another successful pregnancy with Holly's own eggs. If Holly and John wanted another child, they'd have to either adopt or find an egg donor. The idea to use donor eggs was just instant and clear? It really was, we... in that very consultation meeting, you know, "Let's just move in to talking about the donor eggs." You know, "what's the next step, how do we keep moving along on this timeline?" Determined to have another child, their search for the perfect donor is underway. Every day, Holly goes online, where hundreds of egg donor agencies thrive. They act as brokers between recipients and donor, navigating the tricky waters of medical, legal, and travel logistics. While it's a bit of an understatement, the hardest part for Holly and John is picking the right donor and there are many to choose from. See, as you can see right here, in this bar there are a million things that you can choose. About how many profiles have you looked at already? - Oh my goodness, thousands. - Really? Yeah. For me, it's almost like a chance to improve upon yourself. You're looking at these donors and you're like, "huh, well, I always wanted to be taller, so let's just, kind of, check that in, and then maybe we can get somebody with brown eyes and brown hair who is five-nine instead of five-four." What kinds of characteristics are most important to you in a donor? You know, would a GED be acceptable? No. Would high school graduate only be acceptable? No. Somebody in college? Absolutely. She graduated 10 years ago, - but hasn't pursued any advanced degree. - Right. So that's, kind of, a red flag. Yeah probably wouldn't go with her, if, yeah. Was in a lot of clubs and sports, drill team, cheerleader, honor roll. I'm starting to see how this can be overwhelming. A flood of medical history, academic accomplishments and photos. But after scrolling through a couple of profiles, we stumbled upon one Holly hasn't seen before. So, a 3.5 GPA. Look how involved she's been in both college and high school. Yeah, very involved and very high academics. - Multi-lingual. - At Rutgers. She considers herself to be a meta-cognitive person. You don't see that on a lot of profiles I'm assuming. No, she's... so this is a highly intelligent young lady we're dealing with. I wear my heart on my sleeve and I am a "go-getter." - Let's look at& - I like it. Let's click it. Go-getter, that's what we were looking for& - I'm Good luck, then. - You are a good luck! I know! I know. We might have to name, if we have a daughter we might have to name her after you for finding our donor. While this prospect shows promise. The price tag for donations is high. Up to $10,000 for proven donors with successful birth rates. There's no guarantee for success, but it's not stopping them. The important thing to me is to be a mom. If I can find somebody who, you know, looks, sort of, like me and has some of the characteristics that I do, then I really am okay with that. My journey has taken me from coast to coast in search of couples not only struggling to create a family, but trying to give their kids the best genetic advantages they can. Since its inception, there has been a lot of hoopla surrounding the Repository. "They're breeding genius kids. Did it work?" How have you dealt with that over the years? Well, we fess up to it. Yeah, we got genius kids. We're going to take over the world. All two hundred and some of us. Yes, indeed. Yeah. I mean, you know, we make light of it, really. I think it all has to do with... what you give to your family, what you... How you go through your struggles and your times together, the good times and the bad times. You were derived from... this reputed genius sperm bank. - Um-hmm. - Are you a genius? I really believe that there is genius in every person. I have a lot of, like, passion, and I like drive. I guess you could say motivation, and I think I pour that into whatever I'm doing and I see that in my sister definitely and in my own way, I see it in my brother as well. If that is what Robert Graham wanted I feel that we are embodying that for sure. In my opinion his real lasting legacy is that there are now this group of children who may have been selectively bred to be more intelligent and maybe they will make some sort of lasting impact in the sciences, maybe they will do something really good for the human race. His legacy is up in the air until all of those kids have gone their full lifespan and you can actually measure their accomplishments. I have to do something with the gifts that I've been given. I have to actually do something. I can't just sit on a couch. - I have to... I have to& - Why do you feel this way? I... it's a responsibility. I feel like since I have children, I have a stake in the future, in their future, and I have to make the world a better place for them too. Do you think you all revolutionized the idea of choice in choosing... genetic material for your donor? I know we did. I suppose he started out with high ideals. But as time went on, he would realize that this is not so easy. He tried to recruit lots of people. His dream then was if there are sperm banks, they should change. And it has. The idea of hedging your bets with a smart donor is now commonplace. But what does it mean for the future? Will there come a day when we can design our children from scratch to pick only the best and brightest traits for them? Even if that brave new world is around the corner, would we even want it? High five. Yeah! Now give Billy five. Wouldn't it take away the wonder of watching a child grow up? Okay, give me another five, yeah! You know, It's anyone's guess as to whether Jett is going to be smart or successful but as far as we're concerned, she can be anything she wants to be. Come on, let's rock out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 