This Is Life with Lisa Ling: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling 
 s1e7 - Gay Rodeo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Gay Rodeo - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is 27-year-old Breana, from Malibu, California. And she's about to do something she's always dreamed of. So, how are you feeling, Breana? - I'm nervous. - Yeah. I'm definitely nervous. Breana's come to Santa Fe, New Mexico to ride a steer for the very first time. You got this, Bre! She's competing in a rodeo. But this isn't just any rodeo, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 this is gay rodeo. It's a place that promises to challenge expectations. My mission is not to go and beat everybody because I'm gay. And buck stereotypes. How many times have you won All-Around Cowboy? - Eight hundred. - How many? When you're competing, how does it feel? Freedom. It's here that I hope to discover what it truly means to come out west. THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 7 - Gay Rodeo The American cowboy, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 he's rugged, stoic, and independent. From John Wayne to the Marlboro man, his image has defined masculinity for generations. But what happens if you're a cowboy that doesn't fit the mold? One, two, you're gonna stop. Fifty-one year old Will has been riding horses and competing in rodeos for most of his life. One, - two. - Whoa. Here you go. I broke and trained my first horse when I was 13 and I've been doing it ever since. So you were the quintessential cowboy? Even in grade school that's what they would call me, Cowboy Will. I wanted to be like my father, I want to be a cowboy, and I wanted to make him proud. - Easy. - But as will grew older, he began to realize he might be a little different from his dad. When did you think that you might be gay? I think I was always attracted to guys but I didn't know that that wasn't something that was... I just thought oh, you know, maybe all guys do this. Will tried to ignore his attraction for other men. At 25 years old, he got married and had two daughters and a son. But eventually, the feelings he was running from caught up with him and he had an affair with another man. I took, you know from pushing those feelings aside to then I acted on them. After you do that once, then it's like, this may be who I am. Will was 32 years old and he decided it was time to come out to his wife. She just, was speechless. And finally she says that she was leaving and I says, "Well, I totally understand." Will's seven-year marriage ended and the rest of his family found out that he was gay. They couldn't deal with it. So for many years I think, I just, I, didn't have a family. After you came out, were you still active in the rodeo world? When I first came out, I didn't do any type of rodeo. Why'd you quit though? What would've happened if people found out you were gay? I could've got beat up, I mean, I wasn't ever worried about the physical abuse. It was the fact that I didn't want the deep down gut feeling that oh, you know, they're talking about me, or nobody wants to rope with me because, you know, I'm gay. Easy. Ironically, it was a chance encounter at a gay bar that led him back to his rodeo roots. One day, I finally get the courage to walk into a gay bar. And somebody says, "You're a real cowboy, aren't you?" And I said, "Well, I used to be." And, "Well, do you do the gay rodeos?" And I said, "A what?" There's two words that just don't go together. But Will was wrong. Team ropers. You're probably on your horses already, but we need to make sure you're ready. Team ropers. This is the Zia Regional Rodeo in Santa Fe, New Mexico. And it's part of a circuit that most of us have probably never heard of, the gay rodeo. Keep reeling it in, Brad. Keep reeling it in! - There you go, you got it! - Well. The International Gay Rodeo Association has 5,000 members throughout North America. For countless gay cowboys and cowgirls, this is the one place they can openly be themselves. Not everyone approves of rodeos, but there's no denying they are an integral part of cowboy culture. And I'm here to explore what it's like to be gay in this notoriously macho world. The gay rodeo welcomes everyone. And it's not just for pros. Two words I never thought went together were Chinese and cowgirl, but I'm going with it. And today, I'm going to rodeo school. Index finger, three, eleven. Point your finger down. We'll get there, we'll get there. My instructor Chuck works in I.T. and finance by day, but here at gay rodeo, he ropes calves and wrestles steers with the best of them. What you have to do is realize that this index finger - is literally what's telling it to flip. - Flip. The arena is filled with rodeo newcomers just like me. Each is here to learn a different event and become the cowboy or cowgirl of their dreams. That was good 'cause you gave it a little attitude, phew! Kind of told it, right here. Nice! Bend your knees, lean just a bit forward. When you're ready, there you go. Okay. So in this position I'm on the inside. At gay rodeos, participants compete in many of the same events as the straight circuit. We have our roping events. We have three speed events. We have rough stock events. We have steer riding. And the contestants have to ride that for six seconds. This is set so she can ride left-handed. Steer riding is one of the toughest events in any rodeo, even for the pros. Once your glove is hot, you feel good, you just tell them or slap this, they'll give you some slack. But in this group of newcomers, 27-year-old Breana is determined to prove she's got what it takes. - You don't wanna leave your hand... Why steer riding? I'm an adrenaline junkie. You know, if I can manhandle something, or lady handle something whatever. - Right. Right. - I'm gonna do that more so than something where I have to like, sit, take the time, patience. If you come out of the chute and he's a bastard and he slams you right on the corner gate and your knee hits off of there or anything like that, that's a foul. The rodeo school doesn't have live steers to practice with, the first time Breana will actually ride one is in the arena. And you come off. Sometimes their back end's going to come at you, so you wanna roll away from where you land. While Breana might look the part, her Western roots are fresh, she actually grew up in Malibu, California. Ever since I was old enough to talk, I've been interested in Western cowboy culture. Kind of an unexpected thing for a little African-American girl in Malibu - to aspire to be. - Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I'm always just doing things that are completely outside of what everybody else in my family is doing. When I was in high school, I was the captain of my golf team. I was the captain of my soccer team, captain of my track team. And I was first chair trombone - throughout high school. - Little underachiever you were. I still have this very competitive background. Breana was raised in a conservative and religious household. But in college, she began to realize that she was attracted to women. The first institution where I studied, it was not okay. So, I just kind of kept it a secret. Did you go through a period where you felt like there was something wrong with you and that you were sinning? Yeah. I told one friend about it, and she was telling me that, you know, "This is the devil testing you. You have to be able to fight this." I was, you know, trying to like men more. And it was not going well. In her junior year, Breana decided to transfer colleges, and it changed everything. I moved to Colorado and it was a much more welcoming environment, and so I just became confident enough like a year ago to actually come out to my parents. So, would you say your parents have accepted you? I would say that my parents know who I am. I would say that my parents would have preferred if I made different choices. But... I still think they are proud. Rodeo is something that you've always loved, and when you found the gay rodeo, how did that make you feel? Super excited. It was like, "Oh, that's a thing? The gay rodeo is a thing?" I haven't actually told my mom that I'm doing this rodeo yet. I want to make sure that I'm all in one piece, that I can tell her like, hey, all my limbs are still attached. Instead of the hospital calling? Yes, there is that possibility. Are you nervous about tomorrow? I just get into this zone and I'm just like, "Okay, I'm here to win. I'm not here to play around, this isn't child's play." Breana has guts, but is she biting off more than she can chew? This may be gay rodeo, but the competition is fierce, and the risks are real. Here. Go ahead and dust your rope a little bit. Just... you can dust it pretty hard. The rodeo officially starts tomorrow, and Breana has one last chance to get ready. Come down. See how it's sticky? Oh, that's burning. Oh, that's hot! They wanted to take me and have stiches here. Will is a seasoned steer rider, and has offered to give her some last minute coaching. We're gonna be over the animal, so we got the rope up. He's showing her the basics on one of his horses. And put it on the rail here, - don't put your weight on the animal. - When the chute opens, should I be anticipating, like, should I just be here? You're riding this animal. Where this animal goes, - you go. - Right. Don't anticipate anything, you know, a lot of these guys say, "Oh, this bull bucks this way and turns this way," and so they anticipate and they get their butt, their butts bucked off. You get fouled on the chute, you get hurt. Where should that hand be? - It should be up high, up here. - Up here. So, you're, what you... no, you're throwing your body that way, you wanna throw your hand up if you're going... - if the animal's going that way. - Okay. - Does that make sense? - Yeah. - How'd that feel? - Good. Okay. - Thank You - You bet. Will's not just a coach. All right. Go get after it. He's also a top competitor. He's won the rodeo's highest prize, the all-around cowboy buckle for the last 2 years, and he's gunning for a three-peat. I really believe I have an edge. I've done this on the ranch, I've done it all my life and so it's second nature to me. But Will may not be a "shoe in." He'll be facing some stiff competition. I'm primarily known for being a really good roper. Many believe that Greg is the man to beat for the coveted all-around cowboy buckle. Even though a lot of people come to just have fun, you really want to win this. Yes. I'm extremely competitive in anything that I try. If I don't win it, it's because I didn't do everything possible. Rodeo is my heart. I love it. I've been involved in rodeo since I was a little kid, uh, maybe five or six and... You still compete in traditional rodeos? Yes. After you realized you were gay, - were you still as active in the rodeo as ever? - Yes. I came out to my family but I didn't come out to people that were at rodeos. If they could tell that I was gay, they made it a little difficult sometimes. But I competed as hard as I could. I've won quite a few rodeos, so. When I started to continually win, they kind of backed off they're like, "Okay. Well, Greg is here, he's not going to lay down and just like give us his money." Because rodeo is such a masculine sport, is it extra important for you to do well because in a way you're sort of representing other gay people? My mission is not to go and beat everybody because I'm gay. My mission is to go there and beat everybody because I'm me, because I want to win. It's for me. And then there's David, one of gay rodeo's most winning cowboys. I hate to lose more than I like to win. Like Greg, David also has a foot in both the straight and gay rodeo worlds. Would you say that it's fair to assume that most of the people here at gay rodeo might not be welcomed at a straight rodeo? There would definitely be some people that would not be accepted. I think you kind of have to establish yourself as you being you and not throwing the gay thing as your first card. When did you think that you might be gay? I knew from a very young age that I didn't know that it was called gay. My family were very strict Catholics. Two guys together, you know, they would describe it as "evil." I actually tried to commit suicide four times before I was ten. I just kept telling my mom and dad that I was evil. That's a pretty, pretty strong statement to say that you thought you were evil when you were a little boy. It was... it's all I knew. As David grew older, he eventually accepted himself and came out to his family. Did your parents ever express sort of shock because you're this cowboy who's been involved in rodeo and all of these things for so long? They thought it was a phase, at first. Did you ever face any discrimination - in straight rodeo? - Some. Has it made you work harder and try harder? Oh, for sure. I think you always have that little voice in the back of your head saying, "You're still different." And you're competing with people that, you know, you consider normal, and you want to fit in as well as you can, and you want to be taken seriously. You know, I think I unfairly assumed that gay rodeo would be this big party, but it became blatantly apparent that most of the participants take this very, very seriously. Yes, it's fun. But the people involved with gay rodeo are in it to win it. At gay rodeo, everyone has a story. And most of the participants have experienced real pain. And this rodeo has allowed them to be who they are and do what they love. I can't wait until tomorrow. I have a feeling I'm going to be witnessing some extremely serious competitors. We sure do appreciate you all coming out and spending the weekend with us. It's rodeo day, for the competitors, it's finally time to show off their hard work and preparation. Will has competed in hundreds of rodeos, but this one will be a milestone. For the first time, his daughters have decided to come see him compete in a gay rodeo. I have not put that part of my life into my children's life. Now, the two worlds he's kept so separate will finally come together. I woke up yesterday morning with a lot of anxiety. But the minute that my kids are here and they're on the stands, and I see them, the nervousness is gonna go away. Will's daughters have accepted that he's gay, but his son still struggles with it. I still text him, I called him and left messages. He's not speaking to me. And I respect that, but I'm not gonna stop letting him know I think about him. So, given that your son's not speaking to you, what does it mean to you that your daughters have decided to come see you at gay rodeo? I'm very close to my girls, so I'm real excited. So, I got to perform well. Come on guys, move up. Let's go. Will's been a regular at gay rodeo for 15 years, but one man has been here since the beginning. What do you want, big boy? - How long have you had him? - He'll be nine years old. - Get your head back. - Hi, Diamond. Get your head back. Feeding time. At 65 years old, John is one of the circuit's longest competing cowboys. How many years has the gay rodeo been going on now? Denver is the oldest, we just had our 32nd. - So 32 years? - Yup. I've been to every one of those. - Really? - Yeah. How long do you think you can do this? I had my physical two months ago, they come back and said I was in the shape of a 30-year-old. In the early 1980's, John came out at the age of 33 in a small Western town. This was not only difficult, it was dangerous. I went to get in my car, put the key in the ignition and I just happen to look up and on the windshield was written in blood, "Move or die." So that shook me up, pretty good. So, I slept with a gun for about six, eight months. The gay rodeo became a refuge where john could feel accepted. But the gay rodeo was not always accepted by others. Reno, Nevada, that was gonna be one of our first finals rodeos and I pulled up my truck to the gate and the, uh, sheriff was there, and I just thought they were welcoming us to the rodeo, instead of that, no. They surrounded my truck, one cop on one side, one cop on the other side, pulled up to the doors, I couldn't get out, and one behind us. And uh he pulled his gun and, uh, he said, "No queers allowed on this property." And I knew he was in the wrong, but I knew, you know, that they could either shoot me, or, you know, or beat me up, or something, you know. I got to keep myself together here. - But I don't think people knew what I went through. - Uh-hmm. I'm so scared for your own life, you know? How often do you think about that day when you're out there competing? I have to forget it. You got to let it go. It'll kill you. It'll tear you apart. When you're out there competing now, how does it feel? Freedom. It's a very, very hard life. Is there anything that you would want to say to those people who wrote that on your car? That I'm still here. And I'm still riding and I'm doing what I wanted to do. The gay rodeo may have many of the same events as straight rodeo, but it was started for a very different reason. When we started, you know, 30, 35 years ago, it became fundraisers to help people that were, you know, confronted with the AIDS and the HIV crisis. And these people didn't have funds. They were being kicked out of jobs, kicked out of housing, you know, they were being isolated in hospitals. They had nothing, so we were doing rodeos, as charity rodeos, raising funds to give money to our own people. We lost a lot of incredible cowboys - and cowgirls. When you say you lost a lot to AIDS, about how many? I personally knew, probably at least 35, 40 people, one after the other. And you know, you saw them on the rodeo circuit, you know, rodeo after rodeo, and then all of a sudden you didn't see them. And we continue to lose some of our family members to that. Every gay rodeo features a riderless horse ceremony to honor those who have fallen. The ceremony symbolizes the end of the relationship between the horse and rider. Welcome to Zia Regional Rodeo. The rodeo is about to begin. People have driven in from all over the country to be here, including two young women who are going to watch their father compete in the gay rodeo for the very first time. One of the first events of the day at the Zia Regional gay rodeo is breakaway roping. In this event, a cowboy or cowgirl lassos a calf from horseback. Go. Alright, now we're going to be looking for Mr. John Beck from Broomfield, Colorado. 65-year-old John starts out strong, but today, the calf wins. San Diego, California is home to Mr. David Renier. It's also a miss for all-star cowboy, David. Coming in next, Mr. Greg Begay from San Tan Valley, Arizona. Greg lassos his calf in record time and takes the lead. Next in, Texas cowboy, Mr. Will Lann. Will's up next and I'm in the stands with two very special spectators. Will wants to welcome his daughters, Karly and Kyndel, to see him perform in this weekend's rodeo. He's sure glad to have them here and so are we. Having you guys out here in the stands makes him a little nervous. How are you guys feeling? Well, we, I don't know, we've always watched him rope and ride and we know he's good so... - Yeah. - We're fine. Kyndel and Karly grew up in a small conservative town, where being gay was something people kept to themselves. What was it like to grow up with a gay dad in the West? Well, we didn't usually tell people just for the fear of the stigma and, you know, people would, I think we told like a few people and they like made fun of us and stuff, so like we never told anyone after that, and my dad lived in a different town. Did you ever feel like he was trying to protect you all? Yeah, I do, because he usually never had his boyfriend over, and he would never like try to push that side of his life on us. I just wonder if it makes you sad at all that he felt like he had to sort of lead two separate lives? Hmm, I understand it. It being for us and, you know, so we didn't get made fun of. But now that we're adults and now he's including us now, it means a lot to us, so. And I feel like society is more accepting of it now. Go, Will. He's going slow. Man, he was nervous. Will's calf got away from him, but having his daughters in the stands is a great consolation prize. Are you proud of your dad? Yes. He's gone through quite a bit. I know it's probably not easy to talk about this stuff because I guess it's stuff that's kind of been swept under the rug for a long time, huh? I think it took a lot of courage for him to, you know, come out and be who he was and still have his family. And so I kind of admire that, you know, it's kind of like, be who you want to be and let other people think what they want to think. So much has changed in recent years for people in the LGBT community, gay marriage is now allowed in more than half of our states. But one man here reminded me that many gay people still live in fear. This cowboy goes by the pseudonym, "Bubba." He's agreed to speak with us but has requested that we conceal his identity because he's still in the closet. You're almost 50 years old? Yes. Why aren't you out? Because my job, it's really hard. I work for a high security prison. What has that been like for you, to be a gay and not be able to live your life fully, day-to-day? Um, it's really bad. You know, it's like even going to these rodeos, um, I can't, you know, I talk to people at work, I tell them I go to different states, because I can't tell them the rodeos I'm going to, because if they look it up, it's a gay rodeo. And I don't want that coming out. Bubba didn't grow up with rodeo, but he loves the macho environment and competes in the physically demanding rough stock events. So when you found gay rodeo, and you met all these gay cowboys, how did that make you feel? It's amazing, because it's what I like doing, you know, and it's, um, I'm accepted. It lets me be myself and have fun, you know. Sometimes it's almost like a fantasy I'm going to. You know, it's yeah, so. Why is it a fantasy? Because I can't be out to people. It's hard, it really is sometimes. It's like people always say you could change, and if I didn't have to be gay, I wouldn't be gay. I mean, I would be so happy, you know, being straight. It'd be easier that way, but, um, but I am gay. Do you think you'll ever come out? You know, I can retire in a few years, yeah. Once I retire from my job, yeah. It's, it's hard right now, but someday. Probably life will be so much better. Hang on there, Bubba. Oh. Like bubba, Will spent years caught between two worlds. But today, he's taken a big step towards reconciling them. I just don't miss my calves very often. Because you were nervous. No, I wasn't nervous, I just threw my rope... I dropped my arm. Nineteen forty-three. Nineteen forty-three for Greg. Brings us to Mr. John Beck from Broomfield, Colorado. In event after event, the contestants duke it out for all-around cowboy. That's gonna bring us to Mr. David Renier from San Diego, California. It's gonna shape up like this I think, unofficially. Fourth should go to Mr. David Renier for our men's barrel racing today. As the day unfolds, it's clear that gay rodeo isn't just a rodeo to its participants. For some, it's the one place they can truly be themselves. For others, it's an opportunity to live out a life-long dream. We're going to get ready to do some junior bull riding, that's gonna be our first event of the afternoon. It's finally the moment that Breana's been waiting for. This will be Breana's first time ever on a steer. I'm nervous for her, I know she's nervous, so I'm not going to talk to her right now, I'm gonna let her do her thing. Breana has to stay on the steer for at least six seconds, an eternity when you are on the back of a thousand pound animal. Breana Cowart from Boulder, Colorado. She's a new contestant out on the circuit. When that chute gate opens, I expect to be able to hear everybody giving her the encouragement she needs to make that six-second ride. This is Will's last opportunity to give her advice. You're doing good. Lock your legs, lock your spurs into him. Balance. Watch that head. Go, Bre! Breana came up just a few seconds short, still a huge accomplishment for her first time on a steer. That was amazing, oh, my God. How are you feeling? I feel good. - I'm feeling good. - Oh, my God, I'm crying. I was just, like, I don't think I've felt so nervous in a long time. That was awesome. Great job. Thanks. Wow. Badass. Good job. It was close. You did good, you recovered two or three times. - Thanks. - You bet. That was good. I like this. I'm just curious, do you have a message to your mom right now? Sorry, mom. I meant to tell you sooner. Um, but I knew you'd worry because you love me. I love you, too. Steer riding this weekend is sponsored by New Mexico AIDS Services. We're gonna get him all tied in there. Have a free hand that's got to stay up. Of all the events at the rodeo, steer riding is by far the most difficult. You can't touch the animal, you can't touch the cowboy during the ride. And the most fun to watch. Alright, here we go, let him hear you. Got to make it six seconds. Lost control, no time. Kind of got himself sideways. Now, it's Will's turn to go one on one with a steer. Will's daughters aren't his only fans in the audience. Michael, his partner of two years, is also here. I am very much in love with Michael. He's a great guy and I feel like that's where my life is. - You got it tight? - Yes. I think he's ready to go here. Okay. Okay. Go, Will. He's gonna ride. - He's gonna get it. - Here we go, let him hear you folks. He's coming home. How do you feel when Will does the steer riding? It makes me really nervous because, you know, you never know what's gonna happen. It's a little scary to watch him, but it's kind of a turn on, isn't it? It is. I mean, it's an adrenaline rush. I mean, you have somebody out there that you love that's doing what they love, and, and it's, - a little bit dangerous... - And it's just... and it's just so manly and, and... - Kind of hot. - It is. It is. And he's a hot cowboy. So, what can I do? First place today, Mr. Will Lann. Michael's not just a rodeo husband. He's also becoming a competitor. We're ready. We're ready to do this. He and will are partners in one of the most cutthroat events in the rodeo, goat dressing. The rules of goat dressing are simple, the team that puts the tighty whities on the goat fastest wins. Goats wearing underwear, drag queens on steers, and Abba on the loudspeaker. Yup, this is gay rodeo. Johnny is trying to get on. Oh, now we got to get him, oh. Everyone here competes hard, but at the end of the day, they also play hard. - Should I be scared? - Yes. Oh, man... It's a rodeo thing. - Help her out. - Just shake your leg. - Help her. - What do you think? Ooh. That's good. Gay rodeo, straight rodeo, a lot of things different about them, but one thing that is constant, the whiskey. The rodeo is winding down and competitors are starting to think about their daily lives. But Breana is still replaying the steer ride in her head. How do you feel? Well, you know, I always struggle with trying to let go of expectations and I wanted to do really well. You don't think you did really well? I, I wanted to do better. Hopefully, I'll come back and I'll be able to do a little bit better at the next rodeo. So you haven't given up? I definitely haven't given up. This is something, you know, I want it to be where people are like, "Hey Breana, there's a steer rider, maybe you can ask her for advice, like I want to win." And I also want to be able to turn around and help other people like I have been helped. Thank you. Breana came to the rodeo for a physical challenge. Come on Bre, to the left, to the left. You got it, you got it. Push to the left. Left. But she's leaving with much more. I feel a very strong sense of love from the community. That sense of community has also spread to Will's daughter, Kyndel. She and a family friend have moved from the stands to the arena, and are participating in a goat dressing competition for audience members. Will couldn't have imagined this moment. I've asked her to come about three or four years ago, and she told me, "I don't think I'm ready for that." And I kind of felt that maybe she would never be ready for this. It's an awesome feeling. I'm a proud, very proud dad. Alright, we're going to get started. Our calf roping on foot results for women for first go-around. The rodeo's over and it's time to see who walks away a winner. And our steer- riding buckle for the weekend goes to Wilma Lann. Yeah. Congratulations. Will has a strong showing, but when all the ribbons are counted... All-around cowboy, Greg B. It's Greg who takes the rodeo's biggest prize. - Congratulations. - Thank you so much. Here, friendships prevail over rivalries. Both feet. Yeah. Perhaps one day, the barrier between straight and gay rodeo will fall. There will be that one person that comes out and says, "This is who I am and I'm just as good a cowboy as anybody else, and it doesn't matter who I have as a partner." It'll be quite a moment for all the history of rodeo. Until then, gay rodeo will continue to serve a very important role the lives of these cowboys and cowgirls. And we all persevered and came together and found a place to feel comfortable and loved. It's more like a family. It's like being at home. Almost everyone in that arena had a story of feeling unaccepted at some point in their lives. And so that made the competition even more fierce and whether they were winners or losers, I thought that there were a lot of victories today. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 