This Is Life with Lisa Ling: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling 
 s1e6 - Road Strip - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Road Strip - full transcript 
 Strippers that travel from city to city chasing their dreams as well as money. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's the weekend and five women hit the road. Like more than ten million Americans, we travel for our jobs. We're independent, we're providers. Nothing is ever handed to you. I don't rely on any man to take care of me. Wherever we go, we learn things, meet new people and hear their stories. I've met doctors and lawyers who wanna tell me all their secrets. We get the job done. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But only one of us keeps our clothes on while doing it. It's confrontational, it's unexpected. It's hot. Any girl who's a stripper is not just a stripper. You can't define me based on my job. - Thank you. - Tonight, a window into the world of the traveling stripper. THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 1 -Sugar Daddies, Sugar Babies For centuries, women have used their bodies to tantalize men for pay, from belly dancing to burlesque. But full on stripping, taking off all of ones clothes and strip clubs didn't catch on in the U.S. until the 1950's. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, this taboo profession is evolving. Women who once set up shop in home clubs are traveling to where the money is, to places and events where men converge in large numbers. She's a new kind of stripper, taking her show on the road. From outward appearances, 21-year old Emon, and her friend Chyna, are doing well for themselves. You will never catch me driving a beat-up car. I wear nothing but designer on my face, Dolce & Gabbana, Bulgari, Gucci, Versace. On the weekends, they drive six hours to cash in on a once a year business opportunity. At first glance, Myrtle Beach is exactly what it sounds like, a beach town. But every spring, millions of men flock here for the three-month long golf season. There are apparently over a hundred golf courses here. And where there are loads of golf courses, there will be throngs of men. And where there are throngs of men, there will inevitably be throngs of strippers. Tucked amongst the tourist shops and restaurants are more than a dozen gentlemen's clubs. One of the most famous, Thee Dollhouse, has been a fixture in Myrtle Beach for over 20 years. - How are you tonight? - Good, thank you. So, tell me about this place, Thee Dollhouse? Managing partner David Boehm wants to get something straight - right up front. - We're not a strip joint. - There is a vast difference. - What's the difference? Gentlemen's Club... ...provides entertainers. Our girls are wearing gowns, opposed to hoochie... I call it hoochie mama outfits. They are entertainers. They act like entertainers. What would you say you provide for men here? I love to watch guys walk out that door going, "Oh my God, I'm in love." Is it kind of a secret that these guys are here under the auspices of being on a golf trip and come hang out here? When you put ten guys on a plane to go play golf for five days, a woman's got to know her husband's gonna go out and have some fun and get a little crazy, you know? And that's exactly why dancers like 21-year-old Emon, and Chyna are here, to capitalize on Myrtle Beach's golfers and their wallets. During the season, they can double what they'd make back in their home clubs. I can make someone's two-week paycheck in one night. The most I've ever made in one night was $3,000. If I were to save all the money that I have when I first started, I probably would've been a millionaire. As a 21-year-old, do you think that you would be able to afford all the stuff that you have doing anything else? No. No way in hell. And then like flip it. When in town, they stay with other dancers in an inexpensive house provided by the club. We don't need that much. We're travelers, we don't need a 5-star resort. We need a bed to crash in, a shower to get ready in. And a kitchen is nice to cook so we don't have to go out and eat. We really have figures to maintain so... Sharing a room and cooking their own meals helps the girls keep overhead low, and hopefully, profits high. What's your goal for tonight? I'm gonna try to push for at least a thousand. That's a good call. What about you? I wanna reach for the sky. - The sky's the limit. - The sky's the limit. I still want my Mercedes. Oh, we're gonna get you one. As much as Emon loves her bling, most of the money she makes is set aside for something much more important, her three-year-old daughter. Hey baby. - Mommy. - What's up baby? The only thing I have to support is my daughter, myself. Okay baby, I have to get ready for work so I'll call you later, okay? Does your daughter have any idea what you do? No. And when it does come time, "Mommy what do you do?" I'm probably gonna be a nurse or a bartender and that's it. She doesn't need to know. I miss you, monkey head. - I miss you monkey head, - Bye, bye. Love you. Bye. I'm very independent. I just have too much pride to ask for money, I'd rather just work. I'm the same way. I would rather work two jobs than to ask for anything. How did you get into stripping? I had a child when I was 17 and I worked 3 jobs. So I never really got to see my kid. Emon tells me it was a friend who suggested she try stripping. And he's like, "Give it a shot, one night, and if you like it go for it, you get to spend more time with your kid, you'll make what you make in a week in one night." So I gave it a shot. My first night dancing I made $200. I was like, "Wow, this is like three days of waitressing." Next thing you know I quit all my jobs and I strictly just started dancing. How'd you get into stripping? I have five other siblings and my mom is a single mom and my dad was never around, so just watching my mom work really hard just to take care of us, it kind of was a struggle for me. I just had like high hopes and... for myself, I wanted to be the first to go to college, and I wanted to set the bar. How does a young woman become a dancer for Thee Dollhouse? We audition every applicant to see if they meet our standards. If they make the cut, we bring them in, we take them upstairs, we explain the rules. And we'll see if they got what it takes. Ladies and gentlemen, Chyna joining us on Dollhouse pedestal. Chyna stepping up on Dollhouse pedestal. Chyna has hit the stage, performing in a field that offers little training. She taught herself these moves, how to work her body to entice. She's a master of seduction. Even I can't look away. I see men mesmerized by her movements, and then I remember she's only 21, she's someone's daughter. How did your mom feel when she found out that you were dancing? It's funny because she till this day hasn't confronted me about it. We haven't talked about it. Do you live with your mom still? Yeah. You never talk about it? Never. Emon, does your family know that you're dancing? My mom and I don't really get along. What about your dad, was he in your life at all? He died when I was seven months old, so. So neither of you had a father in your lives? Two women who grew up without male role models, watching them, I have to wonder, "Would they both be here if they had different childhoods?" Now they're surrounded by men who can't take their eyes off of them. So what are you gentleman doing here? - Playing golf. - Having a good time. It's an annual trip. But mostly golf. So you come to play golf but somehow you end up in Thee Dollhouse? Well, you have to kind of enjoy the whole Mecca, you know? We have a good time here. It's just fun. What do you tell your wives when you come here, for example? Well, I don't tell her anything unless she asks. It's part of human nature. It's kind of like, why wouldn't you? You know? I mean, if you're a little kid and there's an ice cream cone, you want an ice cream cone. Now I'm a big kid and there's a gentleman's club with beautiful, naked women. I'm going there, you know? How would you feel if your daughters were, uh, entertainers in a place like this? If that's what they wanted to do, and they were... yeah, I'd be okay with it. In a theoretical sense, I would not be happy. Off the stage, Emon tries to earn the big money doing what's known in the stripping world as "The Hustle." The hustle is how much I can get out of you in the least amount of time possible. You just spent X amount of money, how much more can I get you to spend? Would you like you go have some fun? Oh, sure. At Thee Dollhouse, Emon is taking a client to the VIP room. As an independent contractor, she sets her own rates. For a 30-minute lap dance, she tries to get at least $400. Around 10% percent goes to the club, the rest is hers. Oh. You're very pretty. How'd you know? - Huh? - How'd you know? Oh, I can see. You're from Lebanon, huh. Who are we to judge? We're on poles selling our bodies, selling a fantasy, we're kind of not doing the most respectable job either, we let random guys touch our boobs and slap our butts and stuff. Do you get nervous to talk to guys? No. You have to let down a lot of walls, you have to let your guard down. I'm like, "Hey, we're gonna have fun," and it's like, "Wow girl, you're a bunch of energy." Oh boy. And a lot of guys really confide in us because they don't know us, who are we to them? I have this one guy that just you know, "Emon, you know, I'm not really attracted to my wife anymore, I have a hard time having sex with her." So they'll talk to me about like relationship issues. So you're kind of giving marriage therapy to guys? - Yeah. - We... it's... we're big therapists in there. As the hours tick by, Emon and Chyna work the room with one thing on their mind, the bottom line. - Nice to meet you Andrew. - It's a pleasure - to meet you, too. - I'm gonna sit down, okay? - Sit down. - In a lap of a stranger, Chyna looks poised and in control. But she tells me her confidence is a facade. Even though I've been dancing for two years, I still get nervous and then I have to like take a shot just to get me going, just so I can talk to so many different kind of people. So you go to school or what? I'm actually thinking about starting a maid service. But you got... you got to start from the ground floor, though. I've been cleaning since I was able to clean, so I already have experience. I wouldn't go into house cleaning business, I can promise you that. I'd stay right here. But Chyna has bigger plans than Thee Dollhouse. For her, this is all just a means to an end. One day starting her own business. For now, though, this is the job, to dance, to listen, to seduce. I feel like we're actresses. It's a fantasy, it's not who we are. Has doing this job made you think differently about men and their intentions? Yeah. I kind of don't even think I want a boyfriend sometimes, or when I get married it's like, I don't even know, like I want to get married, but, whoa. You both are 21 years old, that's really young. Do you ever think about whether you might regret this decision to do this? I don't think I will, because I embrace it. I am the type of person... you can ask anyone that knows me, they will tell you, "Emon will bust her ass, she will work doubles, she will get what she wants." I had to keep reminding myself that both Emon and Chyna are only 21 years old. What I guess surprised me most is that even though they make a living by the tips that men give them, they are both fiercely independent and adamant about the fact that they don't ever want to rely on men or anyone for that matter. But in the suburbs of Milwaukee, I'm about to meet another young woman who strips with the full support of her family. Who do you want to be? That guy. What does he look like? I'll show you. 25-year-old Sarah has a son and a fiance. - Get him, Judah. - Oh no! I'm getting you. Two years ago, she left a job as a health care worker to try something different, something taboo. Now, several nights a week, she lives another life as a stripper named Claira, seducing men she doesn't know. I'm really proud of who I am. My theory is, like, if you're ashamed of it then you shouldn't do it. But I don't feel ashamed of anything that I do. Sarah's fiance of seven months is fully aware of her unusual career. At what point did you find out that Sarah was a dancer? Uh, I knew it right from the get-go. Yeah, I'm really open with it. Like, my family, everybody, all my friends, tell them like, "Yeah, it's what I do. I enjoy it." So were you kind of intrigued by that initially? I was. I mean, they're all just a bunch of great girls that just wanna have fun and love dancing. But while Brian supports Sarah's dancing, he chooses not to engage with Claira, her alter ego. I don't know Claira. I really don't. And are you fine with that? Yeah, because the way that I look at it is she turns it off when she talks to me, because she... I know who she is. Is it sometimes hard for you to think about what she's doing? Uh, yeah. It's difficult thinking about that aspect of it and that's also why I don't, you know, go and watch her. That was something... that was something that... ...that we agreed on early, like I... Yeah, it's one thing to know, it's another to be like, no. I know she has a line and I know she doesn't cross it, so. It's just a big trust factor, too. And I really do trust her a lot. When Sarah wants a big payday, she leaves her local club and her domestic persona behind and hits the road. Bye. Hmm. I'm gonna miss you. - Few days. Okay. Love you, bye. - All right. - Love you! - Love you, too. This weekend, she's headed up north on a three-day trip. It's a way for a small town girl to see something of the world and become someone else, a girl we'll now call Claira. This is a really good opportunity, I'm going to be able to go travel. I'm gonna go there and it'll pay for my trip, plus make some extra money towards bills. Five hours away is Claira's next destination, Hurley, Wisconsin, population 1,500. It's an old mining town. The kind of place that feels like time stopped. The roadside motel where Claira checks in has looked pretty much the same for the last 30 years. Welcome to The Quinn, could you fill - that out for me please? - Yeah. Will that be cash or credit? Cash. $38.85. Claira pays for only one of her three nights upfront, counting on the money she'll make dancing to cover the rest. Like the first time I traveled, it was just so much of a bummer and so miserable. You definitely just learn how to keep yourself busy after you've been doing this awhile. - Hello? - Hey I just got into Hurley. It was the most boring trip in the world. - How's your day? - Same old, same old. This is life on the road, low budget motel rooms, and long nights away from her family. All right, sounds good babe, - I love you. - I love you too. But Claira won't be lonely for long. In just a few hours, she'll be surrounded by men. Welcome to the annual ATV rally in Hurley, Wisconsin, one of the largest such events in the Midwest. Every summer this tiny town of 1,500 gets transformed and infused with a massive level of testosterone, and so what better place for a stripper to come to cash in? ...Memorial Day. You too! Over 400 four wheelers, most of them men, have travelled to the annual rally this weekend to show off their favorite toys. But when the sun goes down, Hurley turns into another kind of playground. Even though this is a really small town, there's pretty big demand for strippers. There are seven strip clubs on this one little block. This is Harley's Roadhouse, it's both the local watering hole and a strip club. And it's where Claira hopes to make money off the big crowd in town. I'm hoping to make 200. That'll completely pay for my stay here, like, for the weekend, and then that means if I work the day after or the day after, then it's just more money. The club is starting to pull in a few patrons. It's a working man's joint, just right for the ATV crowd. At the jukebox, Claira picks her favorites. Yes! They have it. Songs that will help her make the transition from ordinary young woman to seductress. This is the true heart of Claira's double life. For the next 20 minutes on stage, she's not a fiance, she's not a mother, she's a fantasy. This is a job where you have to know who you are. You have to have your own confidence. How has this kind of work changed you? It's made me a lot more self-assured. It definitely... I'm a lot more assertive than I used to be. Claira tells me as a young girl, she was socially awkward, insecure and shy. She liked theater and sang in the choir, but in high school, these aren't the things that make you popular. - Did you get teased a lot? - Oh gosh, yes. In elementary school, middle school, high school like my family weren't very well-to-do, so of course like girls and boys are gonna cut you down about that. Like, "Oh you can't sing," or even, "You're terrible at this," or, "You look weird, you have glasses." How a shy girl found the courage to enter a strip club and climb on stage is hard to fathom, but once she did, Claira found the kind of validation that escaped her all those teenage years. I love that I get to go to work and be told every day how pretty I am. Who are you on stage? I'm someone who just doesn't care what people think. I'm this other person. Why do you like being her? Because I think she doesn't have social anxiety. She can talk to anybody and it's this freedom of like this confidence and like she knows she's awesome. The true test of confidence comes at the end of the dance. Unlike Thee Dollhouse, Harley's doesn't have private rooms. To make money, Claira tries to sell $25 dollar lap dances on the floor. When customers don't bite, she hits them up for any kind of tip. You can't get a soda pop for a dollar, but you can see my boobies for a dollar. - So I think that's a bargain - Claira is working it hard, - but it's a tight-fisted crowd. - What about you? Will you give me a dollar to see my boobies? Are you all tipping the ladies? You're gonna get rejected in the night a couple times. And like that emotionally and mentally, that takes a toll on you. I mean, that's really hard to hear no like four or five times in a row. But you just gotta kind of learn to pick yourself back up and have a thick skin and be like, "All right, the next one." Five hours into the night, I check in with Claira on a break. It's just after midnight, how have you done so far? I've maybe made $50. Really? That's it? Yeah, nobody's doing dances or anything so, I'm only making money on stage and the money I'm making is not a lot. There's a chance you might not go home with that much. Yeah, which is the frustrating part and it's also the risk in travel dancing. It's just totally hit or miss. - So how are you feeling? - Frustrated. Now I have to go up there when I'm really upset and just be smiley and like, "Yeah, what's up guys." Because if I'm not smiley, then people are really not gonna wanna give me money. It seems none of the other dancers are having much success either. How often is it like this that you end up frustrated and not making much money? I worked for $1 on Wednesday night and I was really upset. You walked out of here with $1? I walked out of here with $1. And I thought, "How ironic, people give strippers dollars, and I'm leaving with a dollar. A dollar." You have two hours to go. Do you just suck it up and go and try and be happy? That's what you have to do. You do. You keep pushing on. With just two more hours before closing, the dancers rally to face a crowd that is not giving. Well, good luck, Claira. I don't know if people really realize how hard the work is. I mean, I watched Claira tonight and she was trying to be peppy and filled with life and laughing for endless hours and when I left, had 50 bucks to show for it. Look, it feels good to feel desirable and for someone like Claira who spent so much of her life feeling unattractive, I can understand how having this outlet to be uninhibited and adopt this alter ego can be appealing but when that is your sole job, you really run a risk. Some nights, you could go home with an exorbitant amount of money and some nights, you are at a loss. Claira ended up with a $146, enough to pay for the motel and her gas home. For her, it's an average night but more than 900 miles away, that kind of money is chump change for a veteran stripper who's been on the move for a long time. 42-year-old Antonia has just arrived from the West Coast. I hear there's a convention in town right now. Yeah, there are a lot of people here for a good time. She's been a travelling stripper for over 19 years. I've danced in San Francisco, Hawaii, Vegas, L.A. The job is that you wander and when you need money, and then you leave. We're transient by nature. Antonia takes regular trips to a place where money flows, the big easy. A big convention town, New Orleans hosts nine million people every year. Some come for work, while others are here for the party. New Orleans is the most exciting city in United States. When I land here, I feel like I'm home. I think it's going to be all about pink and black tonight. Before Antonia heads to the club, she invites me to join her in a ritual. So what is this place? This is a candle shop. It's not like a candle shop I've ever seen. It's a magic candle shop. The spirit of New Orleans has to bless you in order to be here and do well here. Usually, I get this one for good luck. He's good for luck. He's also good for money, but I think that you might want to go more towards one of his girlfriends. Oshun here is the spirit that rules over love and beauty and abundance. She sounds like the lady I need. Yeah, she's a beauty. This is something I only do in New Orleans. And why do you feel like it's something that you like to do here? Strippers particularly, we have our beliefs and it's so much about bringing attitude and luck and intention and you're going into a really, really dark, seedy place and you have to bring light. I can use all the help I can get. When you go out there sometimes, do you feel like you're doing battle? We go to those dark places where people are really showing how vulnerable, maybe reckless side of themselves. A more animal side of themselves, and we're dealing with that, and we're confronted so directly with that and that's a lot of weight to carry. Antonia's battleground is the French Quarter. And come nightfall, its dozens of gentlemen's clubs light up for business. Around every corner is an invitation to fulfill fantasies. This is the Penthouse Strip Club, and it's the premiere of such club in the city. We're told that by 9:00, this place always gets packed with people from all over the country and all over the world. We're doing this now because I can pretty much guarantee that later, none of the men are gonna want their faces on camera but it's not just the customers who've traveled here. A lot of the dancers themselves are from other places, but they're here to do business. Above the dark dance floor, women begin their night primping in the penthouse dressing room. I expected the styling products, but not the home-cooked meals, the spaghetti and meatballs. This is the best club in New Orleans. And that's Marty our house mom. And she's awesome and she's an amazing cook. Is this normal? Having like a... No, it's actually pretty swanky. - It's pretty swanky. - ...kitchen and living room. It's a pretty, um, posh dressing room. So you arrived from L.A. today? Yeah, people come here from all over. They come here from Mississippi, I know a girl who came... who came here from, uh, Slovenia. Uh, they come from all over because New Orleans is a stripper's paradise. And so how does it work? You just kind of drop in whenever or do you let them know you're coming? - How does it work? - No, it's a process. You have to audition and you might not get hired but there's so many different strip clubs to work in, in New Orleans, that chances are you'll get hired somewhere. Will you be taking everything off tonight? Um, on stage, I will take my top off and go down to a G-string, but, um, it's not a totally nude club. Do you have a number in your head and you don't necessarily have to share it with me, but that you'd like to reach tonight? I always have a number in my head. It's always a thousand. Stripping is very much about personality. You won't find like a quiet, withdrawn, wallflower stripping. It does take a certain amount of moxie to be able to take your clothes off for money. You have to think you're the. Antonia has hit the penthouse floor. She has no idea how much money she'll bring in or what surprises the night holds. It's like the world of a gambler. It's different every night. One night I can go into work and feel like I can't go wrong and another night I'll go and people grab me and are awful. She starts every night the same way, attracting attention by working the pole, center stage. Generally, it's a sexy dance and you just kind of get into the mode. When the music plays you go and, you know, you become an animal, you become part of that world, like a sensual world of heat, and sleaze. What do you think it is that propels women to wanna take their clothes off for money? I think it's hot and empowering. I think that our culture tells us that it's bad and that it's inherently degrading, but I don't subscribe to that. Have you ever taken your clothes off? Not for money. Our bodies are gorgeous and your sexuality is beautiful and something to be celebrated. Is it more degrading to work at WalMart and to not be able to pay for your kids' diapers? Of all the clubs I've visited, this is the biggest by far. There are four floors and tonight, over 50 women working here. And I see that for each of them, the night has a kind of pattern, seduce from the stage, and then start working the room. Hi, my baby. I'm good, how are you? Antonia spots a client and moves in. I usually look for somebody who's alone, I try to figure out how drunk are they, where are they from, what are they doing here. And then I just try to meet them where they are. I'm panhandling in my underwear on one level and on another level I'm having a really sophisticated dance of seduction, and that's a powerful drug. It's confrontational and it's hot. Do you feel any sense of arousal at all when you're doing this? Of course, I'm a human body, I'm not a robot. It can feel good. It can feel bad. If they're good at it, it can be arousing. If I'm super tired and not into it, it feels very much like a job. On the other side of this intimate encounter, just what are the men thinking? Few patrons are willing to speak to me on camera. And then I find "Norm." I've been going here about ten years, so a lot of the girls I know on a personal basis, so they all come up and say hi, and I ask them how they're doing and it's kind of like... remember the old show Cheers? - Yeah. - When Norm would walk in and everybody'd say, "Hey, Norm!" - You're Norm? - I'm Norm. And what do you get out of it? Um, excitement, it's a fantasy. Obviously, that all these girls are beautiful, and I'm old and they're talking to me. Antonia is in hot demand tonight, spending much of her time in the private lap dance rooms at the top of the stairs. We've been trying to follow Antonia around but she keeps disappearing into private rooms but that's kind of the goal here, to get guys into rooms because that's where the big money is made. An hour in a private room can bring in $550 while a portion goes to the club, Antonia pockets most of the money. Club staff check IDs and remain outside for the dancer's safety. Do you have a sense of what percentage of the girls may engage in activities outside of the clubs like sex work, for example? I don't really know for sure but I do know some girls do extras outside of the club. It's a different job, hooking is a different job than stripping. It can be really dangerous, you don't want to leave the club with anybody, that's how girls end up chopped up in little pieces in garbage bags. It's happened before. Over the past five years, several dancers in the French Quarter have lost their lives following money outside the club. Horror stories that ended up on the news. A man who's been considered a suspect in connection with the murder of a Bourbon Street dancer for months faces a new warrant. Authorities say Lockhart was seen leaving a French Quarter club. It must be difficult to turn it down when someone is throwing money at you to, you know, give me a little service outside of here. It takes a serious person to turn down that faucet once it's full blast. You gotta draw the line in the sand, and just say, you know, no. But Antonia tells me that she's crossed her own line several times. Having sex for money wasn't something that I was... thought that I would do, and then I did it a couple of times when I was in a dark place in my life. How'd you feel when you did? Um, I felt empty and kind of sad, and I realized from that experience that, "You know what, I can't handle it. I just emotionally can't handle it." Do you like stripping? Sometimes. Yeah. But I've liked it for a really long time and I'm ready to like something else. I've quit about 10 times. And I always go back. And is it just the money that draws you back? It's not just about the money, but it is the money. As the hours pass, I meet other girls who've traveled here to work. Girls like 29-year-old Mitzi from one of the poorest states in the country, Mississippi. Why do you feel you need to come to New Orleans to do this? The money is the best here. Does your family know that you are stripping? My mother knows, and I know that the rest of my family does not agree with what I do. How long do you think you'll be doing this? Hopefully not much longer. As soon as I say I'm a dancer, it just completely changes. I can't have a healthy relationship, my family doesn't understand, and I'm pretty much on my own. It's very lonely. Has it been worth it though? Sometimes in life you just have to do what you have to do, you know. I've now heard how hard it can be to live the double life of this profession but the cold hard cash keeps these women in the game. And now, Antonia wants to see where she stands. So how'd you do tonight? I'm not sure. - I'm gonna count this. - Yeah, yeah. 40, 60, 82, 20, 40, 60, 83, 20, 40, 60, 80. It looks like 575. Five hours, about a hundred an hour. - So that's pretty good? - It's pretty good. So it's, it's 2:00 in the morning, - and I'm exhausted. Are you... - I'm exhausted too. ...gonna go too, are you gonna stay? Um, I don't like to leave money on the table. What does that mean, "Leaving money on the table?" Oh, it means that there's a room full of men down there with money, and that if I were to leave right now I'd be leaving money on the table. I'm gonna push through. It's 4:00 pm in Myrtle Beach. And while most people are out and about enjoying the day, Emon and Chyna are just waking up. - Hey. - Hmm? Wake up. It's time to get ready, wake up. After an 11-hour night at the club, they catch up on sleep during the day then start all over again. Before the make-up and hair styling, they tally up their profits. I don't like 50s I don't like 50s either. By the time the three-month golf season ends, it's possible these girls will pull in as much as $50,000 apiece. So you have a plan, you don't want to do this for... Not too long. I'll milk the cow for as long as I can. Um, but it's not gonna be something that I'm gonna die doing. The top age I want to be done dancing at is 30. I want to make as much money as I can off dancing, invest all of it into properties and live off of them. That's my plan. While Emon and Chyna continue to make the most of the careers they've chosen, Claira has taken hers to a whole new level, adding circus arts to her act. That's really what I want to do long-term. I love the artistic side of it, I love the performing. It's choreography, it's entertainment value. How long do you think you can do this? I just want to do it until I stop having fun with it. When I stop enjoying it, then yeah, I'm gonna quit. Antonia's been working on her own plan, a plan to leave stripping behind. I've always been a writer, and I just never had the self-esteem to pursue it. I never valued my writing skills until later in life. Five years ago, Antonia started to write online about sex work. I kept writing about it and writing about it. I couldn't not write about it and I ended up with a book four years later. Now a contributor to online magazines like Salon and the author of a memoir, Antonia wants to make writing and teaching her full-time career. My next bold move is to break into academia. So what works in this scene? And who is Sappho? She's been a visiting professor at a major university in the past, and today, she's teaching a one-day writer's workshop. Okay, and what's step two? I love everything about teaching. I love conveying wisdom, I love doing research, I love thinking about what would make a fun lecture. Why is it so hard for writers to write a great sex scene? Forget the fancy words and just tell it straight. Your characters wanna get laid more than anything. And what happens when you wanna get laid more than anything is sometimes you or your characters get rejected. It's earth-shattering insecurity. That's what I wanna see in your characters. Where are we gonna see you in 10 years? Hopefully, you're gonna see me as a traveling author and an instructor. Hopefully, I'll just be ridiculously happy and teaching. For now though, stripping is still paying the bills. Do you feel like a lot of dancers get trapped in the world? Oh, absolutely. Every stripper I know has gone into stripping with the idea of like, I'm gonna do this for six months and quit and then they're there 10 years later. It's the one industry in which women make more than men, hourly, and it's largely un-taxed. We just stack dough. It's a hard job to leave, it's hard to do something else. My road trip with strippers has come to an end. I'm heading home today and some of the women I spent time with are also going home, some of them are headed to their next destination, but I've learned a lot about this world. Even though this is the one industry where women overwhelmingly make more money than men, it is not a glamorous job. I don't know if people really realize how hard the work is. You definitely have to have a certain set of skills that go way beyond taking off your clothes. THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 6 - Road Strip 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 