This Is Life with Lisa Ling: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling 
 s1e2 - Unholy Addiction - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 This Is Life with Lisa Ling (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Unholy Addiction - full transcript 
 It's a community many might not associate with addiction - the Mormon Church. For years the Mormon Church has struggled to help those who are addicted to painkillers and other drugs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah was founded by the Mormon Church to be a utopia of clean living and conservative family values. We believe our body is a temple and that we should treat it as such. There are things that we're taught in the Mormon Church not to do, there are ideals that we strive for. The population of the State of Utah is mostly Mormon, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a faith that discourages drinking, smoking, and drug use. But over the last few years, it's been rocked by something unexpected. Oh, we don't want you guys to come here. Well, they unplugged. Damn it. And it's taking place behind closed doors. I am sorry mom and dad. People are gonna do everything they can do to hide it. Prescription pill addiction, it's a problem everywhere, but it's taking a special toll here in Utah. Beautiful area. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wow. And does your work bring you here often? This is where I do the majority of my work. It's the OxyContin that seems to be a big hit. More people are dying from pill overdoses in Utah than almost any other state in the U.S. You know, I'll never forget that first OxyContin I took. It was like a miracle cure. And we're here to find out why. THIS IS LIFE WITH LISA LING - SEASON 1 EP 2 -Unholy Addiction Utah is one of the safest states in the nation. It's scenic and affluent. And yet people are dying at alarming rates from prescription pill abuse. This isn't exactly the kind of area where you'd expect a lot of drug activity to be taking place, but we're told that it's everywhere. It's just really hard to get people to talk openly about it on camera. But a woman here and her daughter have agreed to tell us about the secrets that her family have been keeping for years. There are things that we're taught in the Mormon Church not to do. Drinking and smoking. You know, there are some ideals that we strive for. Get married, you know, multiply and replenish the Earth. There is that pressure to be perfect and since we don't drink, there's always the pills, which aren't really talked about. Kathy wants to talk about the pills. She's been wrestling with sobriety after long-term abuse of painkillers. A leader in her church, she's not at all the face you'd expect to see representing drug addiction. And neither is her daughter, Shannon. Shannon is just recently clean herself. Mother and daughter both addicted, both tired of the secrecy. How bad would you say the problem is here in Utah? I think it's worse than what people might realize. And why do you say that? Because I know a lot of people are like me. They want to keep it secret. There's this pressure to be perfect. What was it like to grow up here? We were very active members of the Church and I had a good childhood. I never smoked or drank or did anything like that. Never your whole life, you never did any of that stuff? No, no. I didn't. I really didn't. Then what happened? Well, just a few years ago, I was rollerblading, and I twisted my ankle really bad, you know, the doctor gave me some painkillers. I started taking them thinking, you know, "Okay, it's like medicine. So..." How quickly would you say you spiraled into addiction? Oh, it... I would say within a few weeks. I found some websites where you could order painkillers online and have them delivered. And I just kept taking them. How did the drugs make you feel? They make you feel like everything's okay and you can manage everything. Which leads to feeling like they're necessary to get through your daily life. How hard was it to hide that from everyone? It was absolutely necessary in my mind. I was worried about the shame of it. Having this weakness. It's not so much the Church putting it on people, but it's people getting that idea that there is certain standard that they've got to live up to. You know, heaven forbid if there's a problem in your life, you're not gonna talk about it. You know, it's interesting because I didn't know the whole story until now. - Really? - I never really talked about it. Kathy kept her addiction a secret and eventually she added a few more drugs to her roster... methadone and tranquilizers. Her moment of truth came from a private embarrassment she still can't forget. I just remember there were some people that came over, that were friends of my husband's. And I was so strung out on tranquilizers and I just basically passed out on a chair. And I know that embarrassed him so much. And when I realized, you know, I was really ashamed of it. I went away for a few months. Went to a treatment center and I ended up staying there for almost three months. But while Kathy recovered, Shannon, a single mom with her own daughter, fell into the same trap, except she quickly graduated from pills to heroin. A few months ago, she was arrested for driving high and lost custody of her 10-month-old child. And now, at only 50 days clean, she's trying to sort out what went wrong. I felt worthless. I didn't fit in the box of being like this housewife. Everybody else in church gets married, and has five kids by the time they're 30. Yeah, they're not telling you to do that, but how do you feel when you go to church and you're the only one that doesn't? Do you think you felt pressured to kind of fit into that sort of perfect box? I think you put... you put that pressure on yourself a little bit. Yeah. I'll give it that. I definitely will give it that. What do you want people to know about what's happening in Utah? It's deadly. My friend Sara is where I was two months ago. She's gonna to die if she doesn't get sober because the kind of drugs we were doing, people don't live to be 30. Shannon puts us in touch with her friend Sara, someone she says grew up just like she did who started pills just like she did but who is still using and is now virtually homeless. We are on our way to meet Shannon's friend Sara. She told us to meet her today at 3:00 but she's been unresponsive by phone which is not surprising. I mean, she has been using quite heavily and this place where she's staying is really just a temporary one so we're hoping she's there. So, which one is it, Court? The top left with the boarded up windows. So we're all gonna go and see if it's okay with the people who are also staying here if we go in and shoot, so. Let's go. My producers and I head up to check things out, leaving the cameras below. Sara no longer has her own place to live. She doesn't even have her own phone. But some friends are letting her stay here temporarily. We can try calling her again. We wait a few hours, but Sara is a no-show. Late that night, my producer gets a message. "Courtney, it's Sara, I finally found a phone to call you." She says she's home now, it's 11:00 and we want to go and try and talk to her while we can because the one thing I know about addicts they're not exactly the most reliable people. - Hi, are you Sara? Hi. No, we don't want you guys to come here. Oh, no, but we... no, no, no... we just want to pick Sara up. Sara? Sara, come on. - Sorry. - Hold on a second. - Hi. - Hi, Sara, I'm Lisa. - Hi, nice to meet you. - Hi, nice to meet you. - I hope we didn't... - No, it's fine. No, they're just up there irritated about it. - Oh, okay. - Oh, sorry you guys. Like Shannon, Sara is also a young single mom. She tells me she's been homeless since her mother took custody of her daughter. She's not allowed near the family unless she's clean. How long have you been living in this place? It's been like a week. We take Sara to a hotel where she feels most comfortable talking. So how did you get addicted to drugs? This one time, I was at a party and this guy gave me an OxyContin. And every day after that, my habit became, like, two a day, on like $50, $60, $70 a pill. And then, all of a sudden, I just couldn't find them anymore. And ever since that, it was just heroin, cocaine, meth. What were you like when you were on Oxy's? Like it's like, a, you feel like superwoman. I don't know like it's hard to explain. And so can I ask what you are on right now? Heroin and meth. It's just once I wake up, I start getting high. And what happens if you don't? What happens to you? I'll get sick. Hot cold sweats, muscles ache, it's just, anxiety really bad. So, I make sure I always have it. How are you... how are you supporting your habit? By selling pills, drugs, I mean, people call me for it and I just know where to get it. Sara tells me she was diagnosed with ADD as a child and still gets a monthly prescription for Adderall. But she gets more illegal drugs by selling her legal ones. I get ninety thirties a month. I can sell them for like 10 bucks a pill. So you can make 900 bucks on that? Uh-hmm. What kind of influence did the Mormon Church have on your life when you were younger? Well, my dad is Catholic, and my mom is Mormon. My mom has never drank, smoke, done drugs, you know? She just doesn't relate to me at all. We don't relate with each other. Why do you think addiction is so rampant amongst Mormons here? Honestly, I think that they're depressed or they're hiding some type of issue in their life. You know? They just don't want to be judged by their church. Is it dangerous, your life? Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. A month ago, I got jumped when I was sleeping. They broke my ribs, punctured my lung. I was in the hospital for five days. If I don't change my ways, I'm either be dead or worse off than I already am. We dropped Sara off while we're winding down, her night is just beginning. Since we aren't welcome where she's staying, we left her with a camera to film her daily life as an addict. I've interviewed many people about drug addiction, but the difference about today for me was that I spent time with three people from relatively well-to-do, affluent places. And all three of them, in the early part of their lives, really strived to do everything right. They wanted to be perfect. But there's no such thing. Within the last decade, the number of pill-related deaths in Utah has increased by over 400%. And this is the state best known for healthy, clean living, thanks to the majority of Mormons who live here. The LDS Church was hesitant to offer an official spokesperson, but one local bishop has agreed to give us his personal views on the problem. Can you explain what the Word of Wisdom is? We believe our body is a temple and that we should treat it as such. In other words don't take in things that would defile our bodies, but to take in things that are healthy and nutritious. So prescription pills kind of fall into a gray area with regard to the Word of Wisdom, huh? It, it does. I've heard from a number of people out here that there is a kind of pressure to be perfect in the church. How do you respond to that? You know, I think the gospel of Jesus Christ teaches us to become more like him, and so to become like him means to be as perfect as we can. Do you get the sense that people in the LDS Church are concerned about being judged? I do think people have that fear. They're scared maybe that their family will reject them. Or maybe even, you know, the congregations that they attend. And if they find out maybe they would reject them. I haven't experienced that. I think we're harder on ourselves than other people are. Utah nearly leads the nation in pill addiction. As, as a bishop, how does that make you feel to know? Well, just, just to know that my fellow members are struggling with something like that, I truly hurt for them. I myself have lost a sibling to alcoholism. It was hard. It was hard to watch that but I also believe that unless people want the help, we can't as a church or as friends or as brothers and sisters can't change them. I'm sorry about your brother. It's okay, it ended up being a strengthening experience and when people come in and say you don't understand, I understand. I know what they are going through and I don't want them to go through that. I want them to have their little brother. And you know what, some of the people I work with, they are the little brother. And... it's a scourge on our society. Last year, more people in Utah died from prescription pill overdoses than car accidents. More little brothers and sisters, more dads and mothers. This is a new kind of drug war and the frontline is the neighborhood pharmacy. Are you surprised that pain pill abuse is so rampant in this state? I am a little surprised just because there is such a large religious community here in Utah. But I think that people try to find some type of validation through their doctors that, you know, prescription pain medication isn't considered illegal drugs or illicit drug use. Is there a typical profile of someone who you think is abusing drugs? There is not. But a lot of times, it's how they act. If they get nervous. We look for patients that go really far away from home. Patients tend to go to pharmacies where we don't know them. Have you had those red flags raised often? Yes. At least a couple times a week. Utah is fighting back against the problem hard. There are new regulations on prescribing pills and new ways to track the abusers. But the crackdown has its own deadly side effect. When the pills get harder to come by legally, there are always the illegal options. I'm with an undercover cop who can't reveal his identity. But he wants to show me what can happen when an addict's pill supply runs out. He's taking me to a place right near the temple. If you're a drug user, it's only a matter of time before you end up in a place like this, the open air drug area. We pull over to watch the action. The big product here is black tar heroin. What you'll see is, you'll see a car pull up, a hand-to-hand transaction, and the car's gone in a matter of five to ten seconds. We're not looking for the players, we're looking for the amateurs. And soon enough, we've found someone who may fit our profile. This is a guy that's not street smart. He obviously doesn't have a hook up. See, there go, there's the hand to hand. Yup, yup, yup, I see it. So probably just asked for something, right? Yup. And now there, let's see where they tell him to go. This would be your traditional pill head, you know, who's got to get something else. They are so intent on getting what they need. It amazes me sometimes. Hey you're on camera. So we were burned. We can go, we can go. This is definitely not a place where cameras are welcome. Is this something that you would have pictured in Salt Lake City, three blocks from the Temple? Probably not. We are two hours outside of Salt Lake City in a very rural part of Utah. The population of the town is very small and it's mostly Mormon. Sanpete County is one of the original settlements of the Mormon pioneers. It's like going back in time, a place where people walk to church where everyone knows each other. But this whole community is being shattered by drug addiction. Last year, the county lost teens, adults, even grandmothers to heroin and pills. Ryan Palmer is a church leader. He's lived here all his life and just a few months ago, his world was rocked to the core. We just... we found him right here behind the minivan. And we did CPR for probably four or five minutes while the ambulance got here. CPR is very grueling. I could tell I broke a few ribs. It's just... it's just insane that you have to do that to your own child. This is the neighbor's driveway where Ryan found Jeremy, where his friends left him after he overdosed on morphine pills. Have you been back here since his death? Driven by. This is the scene of the horrific part of what we had to deal with. This is the last place you saw your son? Yeah. We farm, and Jeremy would have been, the fifth generation farm boy. Jeremy started hanging out with me in the shop from the time he was probably six or seven years old. He was my sidekick. Jeremy wasn't just the pride of his family. He was the pride of the town. Star athlete, Eagle Scout, but few people knew what was going on behind the scenes. A lot of people out here, I would imagine, would feel very uneasy about being so open about their family's problems. People are worried about what the neighbors think. The LDS Church lives by a higher set of standards, and if they're living their life in a way that's wrong, then yeah, they're going to do everything they can do to hide it. Do you know when Jeremy first experimented with drugs? I know he experimented his freshmen year. I know that he tried Lortab painkillers. He tried Xanax. Where do you think Jeremy got the pills? His mother and I had some surgeries and stuff. And we'd had some Lortabs here. I know that other, his friend's parents had had surgeries. Why do you think Jeremy, felt he needed those drugs? I've asked myself that question a hundred times or more. Jeremy was taught the Word of Wisdom. Jeremy was a star athlete. Jeremy took care of himself. Where that changed, I'm not exactly sure, I think kids, think that they're never going to be the one that dies. In a town with little alcohol use, pills were what was available. And what started as youthful experimentation grew into something much worse. He was defiant to authority. He became belligerent. And we could see through into those dimples and those beautiful eyes that, where's our boy, you know? After high school, Jeremy came to work in the family business. And the problem became harder to ignore. This is the shop where we worked and Jeremy worked with us. This is the... this is where all of the stuff takes place as far as our farm equipment restoration. And so, when Jeremy was under the influence, how dangerous was this work for him? It's... it is something that you can't take the risk. There's just so many ways a person could get hurt. Ryan tried to get help for Jeremy through treatment programs but as things got worse, he had to make a hard choice. If he is using, then he's a danger to himself. He's a danger to those around him. We determined that we would drug test him. And we did that and he was not clean and we had to fire him. It crushed me because in order for him to respect me, I had to fire him like I told him I would. Jeremy left home and moved in with some older friends with harder drugs. A few months later, Ryan got the call every parent fears. My wife Emily took the call, and it was just around 6:30 in the morning, and I told her this is the call, this is the bad one. His friends went to a drug house and purchased morphine and whatever else, and he got into trouble breathing. Through the night, they had plenty of opportunities, six or seven hours, to get him some medical attention, they chose not to. And the next morning at 6:30, we found our boy dead under a sheet, dropped off as a piece of garbage because they didn't want to be involved. This was the day you were fearing most? It's the day I was fearing. And then you go through that vortex of what if... ...what if I wouldn't have fired him. What if I wouldn't have kicked him out of the house? I absolutely feel ripped off that my boy's gone. But we know, through our faith that we'll get to see that little guy again. Ryan couldn't save Jeremy, but now he has a new mission, to save others by breaking the silence. I've now heard first hand just how easy it is to overdose. Ryan's son, Jeremy, is gone. And it makes me fear for Sara. Hi. The last time we saw her, we gave her a video camera. So I just took a nap, I'm tired. I had... I stayed up all night last night. So she could do some filming of her life on her own terms. Oh, god. Roommates. Messy. They can't ever clean up. Money. Mine. Today she's meeting me to hand off the footage. - Hey, Sara. - Hi. - How are you doing? - Good. How are you? Good. Were you able to shoot anything? Yes, actually I did. - It's been kind of fun. - What's been going on with you? Just uh, roommate drama. - Really? - Yeah. I can't imagine what that, that's like to just kind of not know where you are going to stay from like, week to week. It's tough. I have... there has been points where I've just had it, calling my parents, me begging them just to help. But... ...I just kind of have to suck it up and deal with it, on my own, you know? Do you like your life? No, I'm not happy at all, at all. People say that addicts, they have to want to stop. Do you want to? I want to stop more than you even know. I've been in and out of jail, I've lost everything. What do you need Sara? I wish I had my parents. I wish I had my daughter. Maybe it's too late, you know? Last time I saw her, she's gotten so big and she's, she just wants me to see how much she's grown and how much she's learned and I'm just, I can't believe I missed so much. You know, sometimes I just wanted to scream out, like, "Where's my mom?" You know? I'm 26 years old and I just want a hug from my mom. And how hard is that? You still have a lot of life ahead of you, you know? - I know that. - You're only 26. - I know. - It's like, kind of a great time right now to put it all behind you. I want to so bad you know? All the heroin is doing is like, covering up your feelings. But it's okay to feel like shit, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like you have to feel that way otherwise you're never going to be able to get help. I know. Sara seems so ready to quit. I am a addict. You know what I mean? Like I am. Tonight I've been invited to an addiction recovery meeting, I figure there's no harm in asking. We're gonna go to this 12-step program tonight at the church. Uh-huh. If we should take you with us. But you probably wouldn't want to go, right? I'd go. But would you want to go tonight? - Yeah. - Really? Yeah. I'll do that. Absolutely. Do something to get me, to get away from this bullshit. Yeah. We make plans to pick Sara up. But a few hours later there's no answer at her door. Meanwhile, a new door has opened up to us. For the first time, the Mormon Church is allowing our cameras into a very private place. The LDS Church acknowledges that addiction is a problem, so it's instituted its own 12-step program for its members. But the meetings don't just happen in Salt Lake City, there are 2,800 meetings a week all around the world and we've been invited to the one here in Salt Lake. Welcome to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints Addiction Recovery Meeting. Step one, admit that you, of yourself, are powerless to overcome your addictions. This program the same 12 guiding principles of recovery that were first introduced by Alcoholics Anonymous, but here, there's no question who their higher power is. Step five, admit to yourself, to your Heavenly Father in the name of Jesus Christ. Step six. The attendees are all members of the church going through the same struggle of faith and addiction. I'll never forget that first OxyContin I took. I was on a golf course. It was... ...like a miracle cure. I wanted to, you know, be the good church going, soccer mom, and what I found is that pills solved that problem for me. A few years later, I found myself with a needle in my arm, living out of my car, had abandoned my kids for two years, got a divorce and had absolutely nothing. I can't help but wish Sara had come to hear that other people once felt just as hopeless and got better. My mom took me to my first meeting, and then for the first time I felt hope. I have been healed through this program. My Savior, Jesus Christ, is my best friend. This addiction is, is his. He paid for it. I'm grateful to be a part of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. I'm grateful to have a seat in these meetings because I have earned it. The LDS 12-step meeting was really emotional. Everyone in that room shared such painful and candid details about their addiction. Not just with each other, but for the world to see. I couldn't have done it. On one of my last days in Salt Lake, I have one more chance to get Sara some help for her addiction. I was really struck at the 12-step meeting by some of the things that some of the women told. So I asked Sara if she'd be interested in meeting these women. And she said yes. But since then she had to leave the place where she was staying and told us that she was staying in this motel. And, we've been trying to reach her today. We told her we'd pick her up at 2:00, and she's been unresponsive to our calls. The first time, someone answered and said she's in the shower. The second time a man answered and said that she's gone to see her dad. As we get closer to the motel, we call her dad's office to see if she's there. - Are you there? - Hi. Okay, so she was supposed to meet with him, but she never called him back. And um, he hasn't heard from her. Yeah, so she's not with him today. No. All right. Thank you very much. - Oh, no problem. - Okay, bye. That was Sara's father's secretary, this guy told us that Sara said she would be with her father, but obviously she's not with him. The last place she said she was is this motel. So we're gonna see if she's in here. Super 8 South Jordan, how can I help you? Hi, can I have room 213 please? One second. Hello? Hi, um, is Sara there? She's not. Can I take a message? Uh, yeah, this is Lisa, we were supposed to meet her at this place at 2:00, we're outside. Oh, let me see if I can get a hold of her. But I don't know, I think she went with her dad. Yeah, we called her dad and she's not with her dad. She's not here at this second. But, let me see if I can get a hold of her, okay? Thank you. - You're welcome. Bye - Okay, bye. We wait then we try her room again. Well, they unplugged the phone. Damn it. So somebody is in there, maybe even Sara, but now they're not answering the phone. We've got a group of LDS women waiting, and I don't think they're gonna meet Sara today. - Hey. - Hey. How you doing? Good, how are you Lisa? - Hi. - I'm frustrated. Hey, how are you? - Hi. - Hi, how are you doing? - Good, how are you? - Good, first of all I feel bad because I know you took off time from work, and I just had such high hopes for this. But, you know, she was staying in this motel, and we sat out there in our car and then we walked by the room and could clearly hear her voice. Sounds familiar, we understand that. - Yeah. - Sounds familiar. Welcome to the drug world, that's basically you're living, um, moment to moment, I mean, honestly, if you even live, if you feel like you're even living. She's probably just hopeless, you know? When I asked her, like, "Do you want to be clean?" She said, "You have no idea, you have no idea." I mean I truly believe she does. Oh, yeah, absolutely. - Are you surprised that this happened? - No, oh no. It happens more times than not, you know? I mean, you can, you should expect that they're not going to show up. You should expect that they're going to use drugs, you should expect that they're not going to get sober, because really, the miracle is when they decide to stop and get sober. And the sad thing is like, I don't know if we saw Sara for the last time the other night. I mean, who knows. If we'll ever see her again? Well we'll keep her in our prayers and hope that one day that we will meet her and, you know, that's... she has our number. Back at the hotel, I watch Sara's video. Hi! The one she shot for us and gave me that day at the diner. And this would be the process of getting ready for the day. This is like, this is what I do. The things we put ourselves through just to forget for a little while. It's surprising to see someone be so candid and to use openly right there on camera. But then I think I know what this is really for. I am sorry mom and dad that you have to see me like this. But I think that it's a good thing, I guess, I don't know. I don't know why I want you guys to see... how I live, but I do. And hopefully later on, I can look back at this and... Learn? Yup. I don't know what else to say about it but, I'm over it. So this is what Sara does three, sometimes more times a day. There's such a sadness about her and, to me it seems like she's crying out, I mean, to address her mom and dad on this because she wants them to see her life and how just tragic it is. It's just sad. I'm stopping by Kathy's house to check in and I find her dealing with a real consequence of pill addiction. So, Kathy what's happening? I am, well, I've had to sell my piano, which I really am going miss it. But I just really need the money. I've, I've just spent so much on rehab facilities. I mean, are you starting to sell other things? I am pretty much selling everything that's not nailed down, so. I've had a piano since I was a little girl. I mean, in one way or another we always had a piano in our house growing up. And it's the first time I haven't had one. Private inpatient drug treatment can cost over $30,000 a month. Kathy has spent almost $600,000 on both her and Shannon's recovery but it could be a lot worse. Two hours south in Sanpete County, Ryan Palmer has lost much more. And today, he's taking a big step. So what are you doing today, Ryan? We're gonna do an assembly for the students of Manti High about the reality of drug use. And why we had to bury our boy. For the first time, he'll be talking to hundreds of kids about Jeremy's death. And he's doing it at Jeremy's old high school. It's the biggest crowd you've spoken in front of. - Are you nervous? - A little bit nervous but I think the speaking's the easy part, it's just choking down the emotion that goes with it. But this is really important to you? It's really important. Okay, let's go. I want to introduce uh, Mr. Palmer to you. Teens are bombarded with the, "Just say no" message, but this is such a different drug issue. I wonder if Ryan's story will get through to them. Can I ask you in the audience, how many of you knew my son Jeremy? Okay. This is a picture of Jeremy out in Sterling for his Eagle Scout project. He refinished the flagpoles. We were pretty proud of him. Now, the rest of the story. This is Jeremy... ...being buried under those flagpoles he made. My young friends, drugs kill. Many of us think that because a doctor prescribes prescription drugs, it's okay. The problem is, they alter your mind, they change who you are. Your parents love you. Your mom and dads worry about you every day. There's not one of you sitting in here that wouldn't be missed. If one of you will say no after this assembly today, it will not have been in vain. Thank you for your time today. The assembly today that Ryan led was so emotional. And, afterwards I saw students approach him and I overheard them say things like, my brother OD'ed. And my family doesn't talk about it. It's an epidemic here, and it's been pretty shocking to hear how many people's lives have been affected by drug addiction. I love ya. Thanks for all your efforts. Finally, it seems, people like Ryan, people like Kathy, people like Shannon, are feeling that it's important enough, to start breaking the silence and speaking out. I'm grateful to Sara for sharing her story. I just... I hope I'll see Sara again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 