Celebrity Big Brother: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Celebrity Big Brother 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Celebrity Big Brother (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 Tom, Jonathan and Anthony have been nominated for eviction and all will battle in the PoV completion with a chance to save themselves. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "celebrity big brother": Okay. 12 famous faces began the battle for a quarter of a million dollars. How you doing? Ryan. And two of the celebs came in with some extra baggage. Weve had our good times, and weve had our bad times. Am I excited to see her? Not really. With the houseguests playing in pairs, power was on the line. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why cant I reach it! And Lochte and Bennett fetched victory. We did it! But their celebration was short-lived. Julie: The two of you must now battle against each other. The winner will be the H.O.H. The loser will become the first nominee of the season. What! Wow. Knowing he could end up on the block, Jonathan pitched Ryan on a super alliance. In case I lose the H.O.H. Competition and find myself on the block, the best way to stay safe is to have voting numbers on my side. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And he quickly got Lolo, Tamar, Natalie, and Kandi on board. What if we aligned? Yeah. An alliance full of all these super-heroes, that fell in my lap! With Ryan and Jonathan going to battle for the most powerful position in the house, Lochte knocked down his block ts. Julie: You are the first H.O.H. Of the season. Putting Jonathan on the block "t." Julie: You are now automatically nominated for eviction. Needing two more nom neerkz Ryan told his alliance he was going after the long islanders. I think Dina and Anthony. There is no blood on your hands at all. But Jonathan didnt want his "mean girls" mama in danger. That leaves Dina to go another week. That gets you farther. At the nomination ceremony... My first nomination will be Anthony. All right. Ryan kept Dina out of the deep end. Tom. So Ryan took my advice and kept Dina off the block. It shows me that Ryan listened to me, and hes someone in this house that I can totally trust. I'm caught off guard because he didnt tell us thats who he was going to choose, but I think Jonathan gave Ryan a little, dont pick my gicial, Dina. Pick somebody else. Tonight, its the first veto competition of the season. Will the golden power save one of the nominees? Plus, with the pressure of the game under way, emotions begin to erupt. I'm trying to tell you how I feel, and youre laughing. I cant do the laugh. All this right now on "Celebrity Big Brother"! Nice shorts. Do they come in mens, too. Oooh! Oh, my god! Like that! She just disappears! I dont want to put anyone up there. It stinks. This is crazy! Three nominees on the block. What! Jonathan, because he lost the H.O.H. Competition to me, and I had to put up two more. Anthony, hes so smart, so that could be dangerous later on in the game. And Tom because hes a sleeper. You gotta watch out for that guy. Its week one and I feel like I'm diving in a pool with no water. Who wants to dive in a pool with no water? Right, I should have cut a deal with him. I should have said, "hey, man, I got you next time." I'm not loving the fact that I'm on the block, but lets face it, I am super impressed with Ryan Lochte from a strategic point of view, hes doing exactly what I would do. Hes nominating people that he thinks are a threat. Trust me, theres a job at skybridge in his future. The injustice of "celebrity big brother." Being on the block suction, but at least I'm against Anthony and Tom. I mean, people have to like me better than they like them, right? Plus, I have a solid alliance backing me up. I got this. I should have swaing less. Ryan Lochte put me on the block. What do you do? You go up to the head of household and chew him out? Thats not going to do me any good. Maybe if I act like his friend he can find it in his evil, waterlogged heart to save me with the veto if he wins. Is that a sentence? Hes so bummed about being on the block. Uh-huh. Isnt he? Uh-huh. Yeah. Because I think he really wants people to see his personality. Yeah, you know. I feel like hes always getting these tough breaks. So heres the thing, like, jonathans the one who kind of picked the nominations. Remember we had agreed it was going to be Dina. And I walked out, and Jonathan gave Ryan a look... and Ryan was like... he knew he had to switch it. Not what we talked about. Right. So whose H.O.H. Is it? Dina didnt come up on the block like Ryan said she was. It is very clear to me that this was jonathans H.O.H. Its Ryan getting played, and Jonathan thinking hes playing us. But cant play the old tata. I see straight through you. Yeah, yes. It just really sucks that you had to put someone up. That sucks. The first one is the worst one to do. Yes. Because theres no reason. Youre supposed to put up the strongest, but our alliance is strong. Or alliance is the strongest. And I think thats what we need right now, because we can get everyone else out. Yeah, and then its ride or die till the end, yeah. Yeah. Ryan is my bro, my buddy, my ride or die in this game. Never in a million years would I think I would be teamed up with an olympic athlete, but he picked me first in the very first competition, and for some reason, I just trust him. I already know, once our alliance is just our alliance, then I'm going. I'm going first. I think well be fine. Because if its athletic-wise, if its athletic competition, theres no way-- do you put an extra cell bell in that word. What? Say it again. Say what one? The one that starts with an "a." Ath-a-llettic you put an extra syllable in it. Its not atha-let-ic. Damn, now I'm going to be like... ath... ath... athletic. Everything is chafed. I think its going to be a good time, good time. Lets work out. Did you think he was going to win? No. I didnt think anybody thought he was going to win. How do you think Trump figured out social media so well? Hes just a master of Twitter. Doing it with the TV show, been in the media forever. One of the things he used to love is he would shoot the tweet, and hed be watching TV, and then, boom "breaking news." And there was the tweet, up on the news. Just think about it, at that time he probably had 20 million Twitter users. Now he probably has 60. He said I have 20 million Twitter followers. How many read ""the wall street journal"." By the way, I shoot it off the satellite, and it lands on everybodys newsfeed. Immediately. So he figured that out and exploited it big time. He played them b like a fiddle. By the way, he still is. Lets face it, I'm not in love with the presidents war on media or the nonstrategic use of his Twitter feed. Having said, that hes going to continue to do that anyway, but hes never tweet at me. One, I stayed loyal to him. I dont really say bad things to him. Although I tell him to knock it off on Twitter but I still want to help him. If he turns on me, he knows I have a big mouth and that will turn on him. Whether you like him or dislike him, you have to admire the nature of his game. My makeup artist, you know they call everything a "she." Hairspray theyll be like, "oh, shes cute." "Oh, shes cute! Yeah. "You like her?" Wait a minute. Why would Jonathan come in here? Jon is really starting to sketch me out. I feel like hes making decisions for the group without talking to any of us. Like, the quick pop-ins, its just not genuine. Whatever it is, its just not genuine. I dont know what his game is, but its just not working. Hes a strong player. Thats why he got to go. At what point? Whenever? Hes on the block. Now? So soon? No. Why? Why? Because hes in our alliance. We need the numbers. Hes straight playing us! Hes playing us. Jonathan is playing everybody. He dont play me. I see what I see. Hes already on the block. Like, we may not ever get this chance again, so weve got to get him out this door while we can. I think were thinking too much. No, were not. Were smart girls. Let me tell you something-- I hate when I watch the show and I watch all the girls be stupid because of their emotions. If we dont get him out now, we might regret it. Thats what I'm trying to tell you. Dude! Lolo and I have a final two, so now we have to make it "big brother" official and think of a bomb name. We have to think of a-- a final-two name. Final two! We have to think of a name. What is that face for? Oh. My. God. How could I not check the room? That is rule number one. Check the room before you open your big mouth come up with a name. I dont have no final-two name. Did you say final two. That is what you... said. Natalie didnt know my ass was in the room. She come in here and said, "we have to think of a final two. We have to come up with a final two name. I knew you were. I knew you were in here. This has been a day today! "Oh, girl, we gotta find us a name for our final two." Youre all busted, okay? Well, one, I dont think I meant to say final two. Get the... out of here. I swear to god, I dont think I did. You didnt mean to say it while I was sitting here. But you were in the room, why wouldnt I look at you. Finish. But... Right. Honestly, I-- I honestly will speak up for her. You and Kandi have a final two because-- oh, dont get punch in your throat. Calm down. Everybody calm down. I can play. Dont... play with a tiger. I dont play. Dont talk about punching me in the throat. No, thats not cool. Did we just get serious? We get serious? You talk about punching me in the throat. Come on. Hold on. Are we serious right now? I can let it go, but I'm telling you-- real fast, because heres the thing. I was only joking. I say it all the time. You said, "dont get punched in the throat." I dont know you to know thats a joke. Ive been raised to be a fighter, so when someone does a threat to me, I just go into fight mode. Yeah, you might want to come back. Just come back. Lolo, are you okay? No, its just I understand what youre saying, but you have to see where I'm coming from. First of all, I'm not going to fight because I'm not going to mess up my face. I'm not offended that you all got a final two deal. Everybody in this house got a final two deal and there are 13 people in this house upon I thought we were all just joke around with each. I mean, I dont know. I dont have a reason to punch you in the throat, Lolo. I like you a lot. Where is my Lolo beans? Are we friends again? Now, see, am I happy that I found out about Natalie and lolos final two alliance. No, shes not happy about that. However, there are a lot of alliances floating around this house this week, and I just need to sit chill and settle down, let things simmer. This house gone damn crazy! Theres a lot going on, and people think I'm stupid and I'm not stupid! Mmm! Like, hard core. He freaks me out. I'm sorry. Me, too. And look at that. I aint stupid. Look, I like Jonathan. But hes just walking around here way too confident for me. They are, like, together all the time. And I watch this show. I know what that is. I feel it all through my spirit! They got a final two. Here is the thing-- ive been... Why are you talking about me? All day. Lets go, guys. Once you make an olympic team with smrng its an unspoken brotherhood that just should never be broken. And I see Ryan and Jonathan hanging out all the time now, and its making me insecure. And, also, I'm jealous. Like, thats my homey. You know? Like, I spent time with him. Like, Weaver been through the battle before. I mean, I'm hurt. What is happening? Did you see that? They completely stopped talking. I know, thats never-- never good in "Big Brother." I might not be a "celebrity Big Brother" fanatic, but I can tell when somethings up. Something is gone on. Its weird, and I dont like it! If these girls are scheming and plotting something, well, guess what? I'm going to have to turn this up a notch. Theyre forming something. Ooohelp. I mean, if its going to be every time we walk in a room and they stop talking, guess what? I just might shake everything up, and try to win tomorrow and then take someone off and put one of them on. ( Laughs ) Oh, my! I just farted! Oh, my god! I love this game! Okay! I cant stop farting! You are a big target. Well, yeah. My heart tells me to trust Ryan. Were team U.S.A.! Come on! But the problem is I dont know if Jonathan has swayed Ryan so much that I can no longer trust the whole alliance. I mean, he just met Jonathan 20 seconds ago. I'm losing my mind in here. Look at the final two. What? You heard me. Whos the what? Oooh! What was that? Did you see that? Yeah, why did she point at us. What is happening? I have no idea. I'm in shock, like, what is up with Lolo? Calling us out, flicking us off. That is not team U.S.A. Ill tell you that much. If Lolo wants to come at us like that, well, then she can find me on the winners podium and her asson the block! You know what? Her just doing that just ruined it. Its time to pick players for the veto competition! "Only six people will participate in the veto competition-- the head of household, the three nominees, and two other players selected by random draw. Will the nominees please join me up here?" Here we go, here we go. Oh, my gosh. Going to pick players for the veto competition, I dont want to pick Lolo. I dont really trust Lolo. She made that gesture. Like, I dont know if shes part of my alliance or if shes against me. Like, I just dont know. Oo-ooo "h" its the Mooch-tastic situation for me. Youre about to see the Mooch-tastic superhero snap out of me right now. All right, go ahead. "I, as head of household, will pull two chips out of the box to determine the other players competing in the veto competition. If I pull the chip of either myself or one of the three nominees, that person will get to choose a player of their choice." I'm hoping that people get pukd that have less athletic talent and prowess than me. So I'm thinking Kandi, Tamar, and Dina. Ricky. ( Applause ). Go, Ricky! I really, really dont feel like competing. I'm not sure if I want to show my athletic prowess and get a target on my back. But I'm here, so I guess lets do this. Joey. Whoa! All right! ( Applause ). All right, all right, all right, all right. "Big Brother will inform us when the competition is to begin. Good luck." ( Applause ) Outlaws, its time for the veto competition! Oh, wow. Mosey on out to the backyard! Ride em, cowgirl! ♪ ♪ oh, my god. Oh, yeah, buddy! I love it! I walk out into the backyard. I see cactus. I see actual b tumbleweed, and t six broncos. For the last 25 years, ive been trying to avoid broncos! I'm closing the barn door. You all have been dropped smack dab in the middle of a classic western. Are you on the run from the law, and you will need to stack up your gold bars in order to win this veto competition. Heres how it works: On "go," rock your horse back and forth. Once youve rocked forward and back 60 times, youll have 30 seconds to stack gold bars on top of your horseshoe. But heres the catch: Your horseshoe will be rotating. Youll need to move fast because if you dont get back to your horse before your clock hits zero, youre out of the game. The first outlaw to stack all 50 gold bars on to their giant horseshoe then hit their button will win the golden power of veto! The thing that looks like a Trump toilet seat, like, from Trump tower? Whos ready to play "celebrity giddy-up?" Yee-ha! Yee-ha! My ass is sore from the first two competitions, and now you want me to get on a horse and ride it? You guys are killing me. But I'm looking to keep my winning streak alive. I want to win this veto, so I have all the power. I need to win this veto. Its week one, and I'm already on the chopping block. I'm not relaxed. I just-- I have a beer here, by the way. ( Slurping ) I thought it might help. All right, boys, giddy-up! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I have got to win this veto. I mean, Lolo just flipped off me and Ryans picture on the memory wall. I think its safe to say my alliance is a hot mess right now. If I cant secure my safety, I might be saying, "happy trails," come eviction night. So although ultimate to win every competition, I think the wisest thing to do is lay off the gas a little bit, and maybe not win this thing. I dont know if I want that target on my back right now. Think jinga. I think my ability to stay calm, cool, and collected is giving me the most logical way to stack these gold bonds. For me it just made sense to do three by two or two by two and build a pyramid. Its like playing with my son and building blocks. Get back on your horse! When youve only got one ball left, you dont want to jam it into the saddle of a bucking horse 60 times. I dont want to have to call my mom and say, "mom, sorry, youre not going to realize your dream of being a grandmother, but I won the veto on celebrity big brother. ." Keep going! Keep going! I am bucking hard, like super bucking hard. Also, I look really cute in a cowboy hat. ( Neighing ). Winston Churchill once said that the outside of a horse is good for the inside of a man. I'm thinking I dont like Winston Churchill at this moment. But I have to win this veto. I do not want to go home this week. Anthony, he looks like a little kid on one of those mechanical ponies you know you find in front of a store, like, "mommy! Can I have a quarter!" Mooch! Come on! Oh, my god! Holy cow, Mooch! Youre not running. Come on, Joey. Now, Joey, come on. Youre trying to throw this competition. Youre supposed to be a better actor than that. Youve been acting since you were five years old. Start playing. ( Buzzer ) I'm feeling super confident. My strategy is to stack them one at a time and then to crisscross them to get that nice little base, and then stack up from there. Honestly, I think I'm going to win this. Oh! All right, guys. Oh! Jonathan! You gotta do it! You gotta pull this out! I see Ricky and Tom doing really well, and Ryan has actually fallen behind me. So I realize I gotta giddy-up for this win. It looks like Ricky, John, and I have pulled ahead of pack. I just have to keep stack my bricks properly so I can keep the momentum going. Go, Ricky! I'm looking at my stacked gold bricks, and its like looking at a mirage in the wild, wide west. Its glistening, and I might actually win this! ( Buzzer ). No! So my bricks fall down. This is really not coming together for me right now. Ricky is doing real well in the competition, but I have no idea what hell do with the veto if he wins, so I cant horse around here. I mean eive got to horse around here. Ive got to make sure my bricks dont-- oh! Keep going! Keep fighting! Yes! ( Bell rings ). Yo, congratulations, Ricky, you have won the golden power of veto! Didnt really want to win it, but yee-haw! I did. Now I have to figure out what am I gonna do now? Yeah! Yeah! Ricky, help me. Help me, Ricky. That was cool, man. Losing this power of veto competition absolutely sucks. If I cant get off this chopping block, I could be heading home. But I know this is a game of twists and turns, so I have to just figure out how to get through this week. Woooo! So I won the veto. I was trying to lay low, but this thing makes it a little bit more difficult. Now I have to figure out what am I gonna do now? Tamar and I have a long history with each other. A year ago, we went on tour, and some of that time was tough. But I thought we were good. You did. The tour. It was horrible for me because I was having trouble in my marriage. I was having issues with my career. Things were, like, all over the place. You personally interjected yourself in the-- in the situation by talking crazy... About me when you just should have said nothing. Okay. Lets go in the training room. Okay. Look, I'm just trying to keep in cool with Kandi in this house because I know she dont like me. Yes, we have history outside the house but I dont want no drama. I came to win "Big Brother," honey. Anyway, what I was saying, on the tour, I personally wasnt thinking about all the stuff. I thought we was totally moved on from that. From my perspective, it was totally, utterly disrespectful and unprofessional. What! Absolutely. I could say the same thing about you. Backstage, where I am at work, and I had to-- let me finish, please. Okay, I'm going to let you finish. And I had to endure being uncomfortable at work and-- hold on. Tamar thinks that our group was purposely trying to be mean to her. We were trying to purposely mess up her set. But the bottom line is we would not do all of those things on purpose to make her life bad on the tour. We were happy she was there. So whatever shes thinking, its clearly a misunderstanding. I'm trying to figure out whats funny because its getting a little disrespectful. No, its not. I'm trying to tell you how I feel because youre laughing. I'm laughing because youre takitaking it. I know what is in your head. You try to play the game. And you try to be social and nice and its, "what? I told you!" I didnt come here for all that cackling and hack ling. I cant. Thats a lot. Its cool. This aint going well. ( Laughs ) That is not-- now, see, thats where its not going to go well because-- what are you talking about? Some somebody tells you-- tell you how they feel, for you to laugh is-- because I wasnt trying to attack you. Okay. Whatever. "I cant take this laughing. I'm out of here! I cant deal with this laughing!" ( Size ) I'm done. This is hilarious to me, the fact that shes trying to make me this villain in her life is, like, totally ridiculous. Hey, can-- can we talk real quick? Yeah, yeah, of course. I'm going to talk to him. Oh, yeah, go do your thing, go ahead. I dont really want any of the guys on the block to go home this week, so now that Ricky has the veto, I need to talk to him to figure out a deal that will really help both of us. All right, so ill give you the low-down real quick. Okay. I feel like theres already an alliance with the girls. Interesting. Alliance? I dont know. But the girls have been acting shady. And Lolo called me out and flipped me the bird. Brrr. Brrr. So if I'm going to get Lolo on the block, I really need Ricky to use that veto. I think theyre trying to keep it the same so when the voting comes, they can all vote Jonathan off. Yeah. The guys out-number the girls. And what if it is, like, just us guys? So youre thinking if I did use want veto, youd probably put one of the girls up? ID put up, like, Lolo. Thats interesting. I have to think about that. You know, after this thing, I want to have a conversation. I feel like-- I dont feel like we should talk about it any more until we leave here. ( Laughs ). Okay. Bought I dont want it to get emotional. Let me just say something. That night, when we were talking about it and trying to talk it through, whatever, of course, for me, its like, damn, why is she being so petty about the situation? She knows everybody in the business." "Petty?" thats not fair. I understand what youre saying, but I'm contingent you what I thought-- back then you all were saying I was petty. I dont want to go back and forth with all this stuff. Everybody is mad at me-- no, no. It dont work like that. Youre having a tantrum. Not a tantrum. Thats selfish. I thought all of us was making an amends. If you thought there was a problem, why did you choose to come? Thats my personal feeling. So what? I cant believe we are still arguing about this. Like, I dont even know what she wants me to say to make her feel better. Its not get anything better. Lets just agree to disagree. That aint going to happen. You all got a swollen head, man. I talked to Ryan. He thinks you girls formed an alliance, and they want to do guys against girls. So I told Lolo what happened, mainly because I think I just like to stirt pot. I feel like people in here have a low tolerance for stress. If I can keep everyone stressed out, my chances of winning this thing go way up. I just threw it out, use the veto, and then put you up? Me? I'm gutted. Who do I trust here? Every day I dont know if Rick sebeing honest or not? Its, like, frustrating, you know. I feel like Ryans tried to, like, backstab me. Hey, I need you to-- I cant! I cant! Tay, stop. I need to talk business with you. Can you just forget this. Sure, what happened? Whats up? Ryan just pitched to put me on the the block because he thought we had an all-girl alliance. Thats crazy. He said theres more guys than girls. If we take-- what are we, in high school? Knock, knock. Come on in. Tamar I dont want us to argue about this we. We got to get it out to get to the next step. Okay. And I accept that. Can we shake on that. Yes. No, hug on that. So me and Kandi hugged, because, hone, let me be honest with you, there are bigger fish to frierk okay. We have to make sure Lolo stays off the block and dont get backdoored, because thats my girl for real. Hold the phone. Hold the phone. I'm really shocked. The nerve for Ryan to do that when theres so many other people to put up. Me? Thats crazy. Now hes... with my game. Thank you, thank you. ♪ ♪ I really hope that Ricky see thatsz girls are a threat in this game and decides to use the veto so we can start picking them off. Now that I know that Lolo could be in danger, I am hoping and praying that Ricky does not use his power of veto. Hey, everyone! Its time for the veto meeting. Wooo! This is the veto meeting. Jonathan, Anthony, and Tom have been nominated for eviction. But I have the power to veto one of the nominations. Ive decided... not to use the power of veto. Because, honestly, no one came up to me and gave me a strong enough offer, and I didnt want to get any blood on my hands. It wasnt-- it wasnt worth it. This veto meeting is adjourned. So I decided not to use the veto because, honestly, none of the people up there are really worth saving to me right now. That said, having the power of veto really helped me leverage relationships and stirt pot a little bit. Ricky does not use the veto on me, so its time now for the Mooch to put knee pads on his elbows and get out there and schmooze everybody. Lets face it, I have been fired before, but I'm not a quitter. Well, I'm disappointed. Ricky didnt use the veto on me. But these days, I'm getting used to a daily dose of disappointment. "Big Brother--" its kind of like my real life-- disappointing. Ricky doesnt use the power of veto, and now I'm sitting on the block, and now its getting real. I gotta make some moves here so I'm not the first to leave. Thank god! Crisis averted. Ricky did not use the veto. I'm so glad I'm not on the block, but, unfortunately, I dont know who I can trust. If Ricky is telling the truth, it may be time for Jonathan to go home. Who will be the first celebrity evicted from the house? Plus, a shocking new twist will send a second celebrity packing. All this live Friday at 8:00, 7:00 central on "celebrity big brother"! Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 