Celebrity Big Brother: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Celebrity Big Brother 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Celebrity Big Brother (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Celebrity Big Brother," head of house old Ryan was in an alliance with Jonathan, Tamar, Lolo, Jonathan and an alliance with all these superheroes fell in my lap. But with Jonathan on the block next to Tom and The Mooch, the ladies considered turning against the cake wars host. Hes a strong player. Thats why he got to go. Announcer: And after Lolo got jealous of Ryan and jonathans friendship. I see Ryan and Jonathan hanging out all the time now and 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 its making me insecure. And also I'm jealous. Like thats my homie. Announcer: She made it clear she was no longer loyal to the boys. Like what is up with Lolo calling us out, flipping us off. That is not team U.S.A., I will tell you that much. Announcer: A new twist was unleashed revealing The Mooch was not a real houseguest. I'm giving the current nominee a second chance at safety by winning moochs veto. Oh my god. Now Ryan, since I'm out of the house there is an open spot on the chopping block. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Announcer: And Ryan was forced to name a new nominee. Kandi. Oh my god. I'm not sure why he put me on the block. I guess there is no alliance for me and Ryan. Announcer: With Mooch veto up for grabs, catho made headlines. St my honor to pronounce you veto winner. I love it. Kato promised to save Tom. I'm so glad you won, man. Thank you. Announcer: While Ryan was hoping to back door Lolo. I'm going for Lolo. Thats understandable. It hasnt sat right with me since Lolo flipped us off. Announcer: But after the team U.S.A. members hashed things out. All right, I will talk to you later. All right. Announcer: Ryan considered putting his back door plan on the back burner. I dont know what to do right now. Do I put up a pawn so we can take out Kandi or do I just make a big move and put up Lolo. Announcer: Kato kept his promise at the veto meeting. I have decided to use pot we are of veto on Tom. Announcer: And Ryan decided to put up a pawn. Joey. Announcer: At the live eviction. Julie: By a vote of 6-1, Jonathan, you evicted from the "Big Brother" house. Announcer: Dina, Joey, Ryan and Jonathan were blindsided. Tonight a new head of household will be crowned. Two new celebs will go on the chopping block and emotions reach a boiling point. What you need to do is calm down. What you need to do is calm down and stop popping off on everybody. Nobody is popping off. Announcer: Right now on "Celebrity Big Brother." Kato win the veto. Kato win the bye! Oh my god. Now the game starts. Yeah. Whooo. Jonathan is gone, I'm shocked. And I'm kind of sad. That is like my ride or die, like hes my boy. And Lolo, Natalie, they all lied. So now have I to rethink my game strategy and I'm just going to come after them. I'm going to come after everyone. I know, hes your boy. I'm the only one who voted to keep Jonathan in. No one else did. It seemed like there was an alliance to vote Jonathan out. I was completely out of the loop it is a game but there are ways to play games without out and out just lying to them. I just dont get that. Hes fine though. Hes cool. Hes okay. Hes cool. Is he pissed. Can I tell, he woon even give me a hug. He didnt give me a hug either. He just left. He just said the game starts now. He said that? Yeah. Yeah, he did. Dina or Kandi. Oh yeah. Yeah, unless-- voted for kabdi. The house has kind of decided for Jonathan to be the one to go but there is one person that vote Ford Kandi to leave and we have to figure out who is the one person that went against the tide. You guy dont have to stop talking. We were just talking about you. What about me. Who did you vote for. I vote Ford Jonathan. I dond know why you asking who I vote, I voted for Jonathan. That was the plan, right? Were just asking. We just didnt know. She voted for Kandi. She didnt vote for Joey. I am the last one, she told me. I'm trying to figure out why does it matter. It doesnt. It doesnt, everybody, you know. It does though because thats not smart on Dina. For Dina? Yeah. Shes not if in an alliance with nobody. Jonathan was in mean girl, Lindsey Lohan was in mean girls, that was like umpteen thousand years of ago, they was friends nor ever, of course she going to keep him in the house. That wouldnt be a smart move. I dont know why that wouldnt be a smart move on dinas part. She was put between a rock and a hard place. Thats something. 6-1, 6-1. Was everyone in on that? Uh-huh. I mean you? No, are you serious? , no, he was on the block. It is over. Now I got to rethink my whole strategy. My only hope is if Joey win this HOH. Cuz no one else is really working with me at this point. What about ta, she voted against Jonathan too? Yeah, I wonder. But they all knew and left us out. Guess who they are coming after now? No, theyre coming after me are for sure, I cant play. You have to win. Have I to win. I feel like Ryan and Dina are sort of counting on me a little bit to win. Ryan just activated the Joey signal so I see that up in the sky and I go you know, Gotham needs me. Okay, shake it it off. First of all, why are you breaking too everybodys vote why would he say her vote for Kandi was dumb, like what are you talking about? Why does he care without Dina voted for. I care who she voted for too. I want to know the votes. I cant believe this is a real question. Duh, of course din ta chose to keep Jonathan in the house. So now you mad? Why would she vote for Kandi. To me it shows she. That girl dont know nothing. Stop. Come on. Dina voted to evict Kandi. She did not vote for Jonathan or Joey. And that makes us all a little suspicious that she is now working with the boys. Not good. But this means for you. Are you okay? Yeah. You did good. Live and learn. Did Dina just really-- me right there? Yeah, emotions are running high in the house. The first blood was drawn, so people are fired up to compete. We have got to win to secure our safety. Wow. Hey, rockers, its time for the HOH competition so get glammed up, get ready to rock n roll outside in the yard! Glammed up, get ready to rock n roll outside in the yard! Oh my god, I walk out into the backyard and into a heavy metal concert. Rock n roll! This reminded me of my w-we days. Get t. I have been in sold out arenas with the rock and now I'm in a sold out arena with a bunch of rocks. Welcome to the HOH arena with the glam rock. In this competition, youre going to rock out as long as you can! If you cant hang with the glam rocks, you will be out. The last one rocking out on the wall will become the next HOH! Are you ready to play rock till you drop. Yeah! Lets rock. This HOH is two I felt like last week Ryan tried to back door me, so I want to secure-- I doing good guys. Two seconds in. Myself, or Tom has got to win the HOH. We must keep ourselve safe for another week. I really want to win this HOH competition for Jonathan because he would be so happy and I know hes rooting for me. Oh yeah! Pour some sugar. I want it to rock. I want to rock. The lead singer-- it it drops on my lips an gets in my mouth and suddenly I have be a urge to jump off the Rockwell and just go in the house and clean everything. I done know shall whats going on. Hey, that was sugar right. They call me sweet n low because nobody is my equal. This competition would have been perfect for me. I love heavy metals. You like how I said metal sth. I cant compete so my only hope is we havey win this HOH because no one else is really working with me. It is really no joke, st pretty disgusting. Winning a competition puts an automatic x on your back however I want to put it into this 7th gear and win this thing. Not only did I just get off the block but I got Ryan counting on me to win. Seriously. As long as Joey and Dina do not win and Lolo and I outlast them then we should be safe. That tastes good who wants to a jelly shot. I want to rock. Yes! That is awesome! Yes! Look, I love me some swrely shots but not these, okay. I dont know what kind of show the glam rocks put on but I'm not going back. We dont act like that. Thats so cool. You think this will stain our skin green? You guys are doing great. I dob think I'm going to win this. Dont you dare give up. I'm not giving up, I'm just sensing. It seems like it should be easy, you just got to stand. There its not easy, as soon as that wall started to tilt, I felt my body tense up. I start shaking right away. Go, go, go. That is not so bad. I apologize. Oh! Down goes Tom. Down goes Tom. Wow, I'm the first one out. Whats wrong with me? Is something wrong with me? This is embarrassing. Now I just want Cato to win-- Kato to win, win this for us, buddy. We can do this. This competition is not good for people with big booties, okay, if you cant lay flat on the wall then you got that curve in your back and your back is hurting. No, this is not working for me. Down goes Kandi. I just didnt want to be the first one. You cant have a party without some beer. I want to rock. I want to rock. I want to rock. Is that real beer. I want to rock. Do I get one? Carbs they go straight to your gut, my coach is definitely going to be pissed about these calories. Well, ive got a .08 now. There you go. Stay tough, stay tough. With all this muscle mass and it is tough up on that wall. I took my mind to a different place. That is the gift of picses, they have this rich imagination and this ability to-- oh, Ricky. That sucks. Thats crazy, man. Ready to get creamed, whip creamed. I dont want to know what that is. I'm not a big fan of wet and slimy. And you are thinking to yourself, could this get any worse and then you realize its Big Brother, its going to get a lot worse. I'm afraid of heights, I'm in pain, I'm scared to be up here and I'm scared to. Oh my god, oh my god. I'm dead shall I'm about to have an anxiety attack. I cant. I cant jump. Its all good. Tamar, just keep holding on like you holding on it to the handlebars, and lower yourself by your arms. Bend your knees till you are closer. If you just let go, and just lower yourself by your arms youll be almost down on the floor. Tamar is so dramatic. She is like two steps off the ground. It was like one of those people who like think theyre drowning but theyre in the shallow water and they could have just stood up the whole time. Hold on, lets go. I'm in the air, I'm suspended in the air and everybody is like-- adjust to my-- go girl. Did you it. Youre okay. Go girl. You did great. Everybody give her a hand, everybody. No, I'm all right. Kato are you cold. Give me a round of applause. I'm originally from Wisconsin, this is nothing. Who do you think is going next, Dina is starting to shake. I started out really strong in this competition and I thought hi it. But its get sog cold that I'm physically shaking. Beer angel, Dina. Dina just fell and I'm like yes! Now all we need is Joey to fall and the girls and I should be safe this week. I'm rolling, I'm rolling. This crowd is on fire! We going to cool you off. Oh. Yeah, road crew. Road crew, rock on. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Holy crap, I'm freezing. Kato is killing it, man, Natalie is killing it, gentlemeny, a youre all killing it, all four of you are amazing. Four of us are left, youve got a wrestler. Youve got an olympic hurdler and bobsledder and youve got Joey fricking Lawrence who does one armed push-ups an youve got me. I'm a little tired but ive got to find the strength to win it all. Dude, its so cald. You should be shaking. Oh my god is it cold up here. Everybody is complain being how cold they are. Q in Lolo Jones as winter olympic-- olympian, not that cold. The problem I am having is my shoulder is literally about to pop. You got this, Lolo. And I'm trying not to let that happen. Yeah, Lolo. How did I get fourth t was like the Olympics all over again but I'm also very encouraged because Natalie is holding strong. I'm rooting for my girl Natalie, I know I will be safe with Natalie. Joey, how cold are you? I'm so freezing. Dude, I wish I had your blow dryer at this moment. Go ahead, Joey, drop, drop, I will protect you. No, stay, everyone, everyone stay, no one drop. Oh. That, that is telling me a lot right now. Dina is rooting against me, the person I thought was so in tune with me is rooting against me, and it could have broke my heart. You got my word. Joey, Natalie-and-Kato are the last three up there. And like you heard some talking going on and I'm like oh my god, here we go. The shenanigans are about to begin. What do you say, you are protected, no joke. My shoulder is on fire, its reaching a point of no return for me. Oh. Yeah. Good job, Joey. The pain got too much, I had a sweet deal on the table so I said you know what, I'm gone. As soon as Joey drops, I'm like we are in the clear. Everybody is going to be fantastic. Take a fall, nat, take a fall, you are protected, no joke. Nat, hold, nat, hold. Okay, Kato lets make a deal. You do you want it. Take a fall, I want t I want it, youre good. I feel like can I trust Kat o o. Him and Tom voted with the rest of us to evict Jonathan, so I am going to take this deal, I will be safe this week, and live to fight for another HOH next week. Jump it. All right, Natalie. Nat hold. I'm scared. Ka it to got the HOH. Yeah! Thanks. Come on down. I'm so proud of you, how old are you, 69? What up. Congratulations, are you the new head of household, Kato. I'm the HOH. And I'm the-- Kato, Kato! Thank you. Glam rock, you rock. I am going to talk game with Kat organize. Dont really know what is he thinking so I could definitely be a target. Kato won the HOH. I'm not really sure where his head is at. I could be going from I want to rock or to I'm on the block. Lets party, dude. Backstage. Lets go. Kato, Kato. Fun, fun, fun, fun. Good night "Big Brother." This yard is mesesy. Kato! Way to go, Kato! Hey, hey. Whooo whooo. I'm the HOH winner! I won, I'm safe, I'm pump. Everybody, amazing job, everyone. Amazing, everybody. This is going to be a big week and ive got huge, huge decisions to make. Now let me get a picture of this with my cell phone. Thats hilarious. I have a deal with Kato so I am safe this week. And I just hope that he doesnt come after my girls cuz that would be a dumb move. I might, can I get in the pool covered in slime, is that going to. No, no, no. That isnt a good way to rinse off in the pool. I am 90% sure I am going on the block. Oh. I'm an athlete so they will automatically have a target on your back. Now have I to do whatever I can to stay in this game. Ryan Lochte, not going home, not yet. Oh man, its cool, man, lets go have a fun night with everybody. Yeah. Amazing, that was incredible, what a feat of endurance that Kato kailin is a Monday stemple I really picked the rate man to align with on this game, he gave me the veto, now he is head of household, Kato, so glad were working together. Good stuff, that was impressive. Hi. Good job. I know I'm probably a big target. I'm going to just say my thing. If you keep me, cuz I most likely will probably go on the block, I just have a feeling. If you dont, I will be a good ally for you. Because the girls have their own alliance. I'm going to try and go and win every competition. Yeah. I, and you will. And I will work with you. I want to stay as long as I can. Well figure something out. Well. And okay. Ryan makes attempting offer but is he the biggest threat in this house. And if I can take him out here, I just might do it. Good talk. I think its smart to-- -- he just told-- safe. I think its smart to-- -- he just told-- safe. He dont want to out game me. I thought we had an alliance, what happened. I know I'm in trouble at this point, I'm like these girls will throw me up the doggone river Do you feel better? No, no, actually not, in is a new sheriff in town. And he is constipated. Oh, but the pain is, I think. It really is in pain. A little bit in that lower intestine. If you are open to t I know how to massage the or tban out. Ricky s a heeler an he has some kind of mystic El thing going on, but I'm so clogged up, I will try anything. Totally, yeah. What, here? It might be easier if you go on to one of the beds downstairs. Okay. Part of being a heel certificate giving people relief whenever and for whatever. I brought oil, I will show you what I brought here. Even if st just a constipated. I have studied these things for a reason. That is the spot. You feel its full. Pie belly hurty, hurty, colon fully, need helpy. Medically speaking, of course. So I got to tell you, I never thought ever that Ricky Williams would be massaging my colon, oh my goodness. Feels like I actually swol owed the heisman interest ofee. Recognizey, please. Are you hilarious, ka it to. Thanks, man. So I am feeling some heat coming off your colon which is good sized. One of my strategies is to make myself useful and if people are stressed or in pain and can I provide some kind of relief, maybe they will think twice before putting me on the block or voting to evict me. Ricky, I love this. See if it works. Let me know. All right. That was great. The idea was to get things moving in there, hopefully they move enough to allow a bowel movement. Ricky, you know, hes doing his colon massage and I thought it was going to work and I could feel a little something and i-- wait, wait, wait. Not only that, but we have so much food. The k train is moving again. Whooo whooo! My hands are clean. What you making? Shrimp no. I'm getting that room, have I had roommates my entire life and I hate it when they make a mess, it drives me muggy. Tamar is messy. I just want to do something about t and you know what, I'm HOH, I can. I know what you are going to do for the nominations. Not yet. That is what I was thinkingk didnt you refuse to clean. This is just outloud. I cant commit, I can only con firm. Winner, weaner weaner. What is the other idea. If I dont do-- I do what I have to do, d, Dina she attacked me. Who did. Dina. Go ahead, Joey, drop, drop, I will protect you, no, everyone, everyone stay, no one drop. Oh, that is telling me a lot right there. I heard that. I did. And? Ta ta. Tamar was messy and she causes a lot of drama in this house. Dina and I were cool but didnt have pie back during the HOH competition and Ryan came to me to try to work with me but Ryan is the biggest threat in this house. I have three people I'm think being that will go on the block, I had a big decision to make. The strength. When you competed today is that like I was going ksh-- you stilled it. I'm telling you, like you were in-- I'm if the going to lie to you, I had me intimidated at one point. I was crying. Yes. Jonathan, st Jonathan, you know did if anyone wins, he can handle it the best. Cato, I think-- I dont know, at the last minute I went to Cato and he said oh, I dont know who I am voting for which he clearly did. I dont know what to do. Anyway, what are you going to do ultimately. I was upset more that he wasnt honest with me. I'm not even mad, it is just disappointing when you think, like people are-- I dont even want to talk about it. Were going to have like three hours of sleep stop it it. Were going to have like three hours of sleep stop it it. Theyre in the parlor room, parlor room. Everybody else is sleeping. Its like 4:30 and natd ally and Lolo come walzing in the room. We was in the parlor talking. They not playing an honest game like they said they were playing, they dont play that. Its 4 A.M. in the morning and Tamar is up wanting to talk and my brain just cant do it at the moment. I'm getting really tired that Tamar cant trust us. I feel like she feels like I'm cheating on her, hey, were not even dating yet. So what did they say last night> who is they? Well first off I was in the parlor just me and Dina for quite awhile. And she wasnt very frustrated last night what happend? Shes lyiing if she is lying. What do you mean if shes lying, I'm telling you shes lying. Here we go. You snap off op me. Dont start. No, I'm going to start because you asked me what-- and then you pop off. So why would I not get mad. You do this every day. Like dont-- start with me. You want to know what-- happened, I tell you. You going to grow up. Dont start, dont start with me. You can throw whatever you want, I sco had growing frus taition, Tamar is mad at somebody in the room. That is my girl, here is the thing. I'm sick of this. Okay, I need to you-- I cant. I need to talk business with you, can you just forget this. And I just am starting to feel like a punching bag, its exhausting we just had a sheuj blowup. Why. She asked me that last night. I didnt get to see-- she said why yall in there so long. What? Everything, you popping off on us. What you need to do is calm down, what you need to do is calm down and stop popping offer. Nobody is popping off. Making this a nightmare. You-- no [bleep] right here-- I'm tilling right now have I always had your back but I cant take this [bleep] every day. I have my back am you dont have to have my back, I'm a big girl. Bitch, did you say bitch. I'm right here, I'm right here. Please, please. I got one, I dont have two. Hey, you ok? >> I'm great>> calm down. I'm calm I'm very very calm you moving rooms. No, I'm moving out. What do you mean? Ness with I'm not moving room, I'm I'm going home, I dont fight people. What, are you quitting? I dont quit, I dont do that. Uh-huh. There you have it. It was great meeting you, it was fun while it lasted. This what we going to be doing? Let me go first. Is ka lated too hard on you, I apologized, like absolutely 100 percent could have handled it better. Just so you know I was frustrated because I was simply trying to tell you the conversation that happened between me and Dina. I apologized for the sanity of the house. I actually am here to learn and improve on a lot of things personally. Like I notice I got to work on, and I am not perfect and I should havable whatted it better. I dont want you to leave. I want to be your friend but I definitely approached that wrong, for sure. Thats on me. I'm like a hundred on me. How I approached that, so I'm sorry. Its okay, listen, i-- I accept your apology. Thank you. So yeah I'm so sorry, that is cay-- escalated on you. And I'm not leaving. -- I'm leaving. How guests, it is time for the nomination ceremony. How guests, it is time for the nomination ceremony. This is the nomination ceremony. St my responsibilities ahead of household to nominate two houseguests for eviction. In my nomination block are the keys of the houseguests I am nominating for eviction. I will turn two keys to lock in my nominations. And their faces will appear on the memory wall. The first houseguest I have nominated is--. The next houseguest I have nominated is-- I have nominated the next houseguest I have nominated is-- I have nominated you Tamar and you Dina and there are reasons why I have done that. Dina, I really, really do adore you. I thought I had a bond with you and yesterday when you were rooting against me, pretty much wanting Joey to win, I felt like you were at that point against me and it-- it really, really shocked me. Tamar, I just think you mentioned about wanting to go home so many times I thought it was probably best. I never aint never told you I want to go home, I aint never told you that, I'm a business woment, finish. I just thought when you said you werent going to clean, was like we are kind of a team here. I cook. I slipped on some shrimp. I'm not the maid. Anyway, I dont think are you great but I that is the decision I had to come up with. I always think of, you know, six of the seven seven dwarfs arent happy. Thats true. Wow. This nomination ceremony is adjourned. I had nothing to say to Kato. You dont clean up around here, like thats my job. You have read my resume, its longer than yours, boo. I aint your maid, okay. Kato, your speech was a little bit lame and I'm a tough little cookie. I'm a little bit understatement estimated but I will totally win that veto. Dont mess with mama Lohan. I nom nailted Tamar and Dina but there is still an option for a locked door. So it is not locked in yet. Announcer: Who will win the power of veto and will it save Tamar or Dina from the chopping block. Plus who will be the next celebrity evicted from the house. Finned out live tomorrow night at 8:00 7 central on "celebrity Big Brother". Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 