Celebrity Big Brother: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Celebrity Big Brother 
 s2e12 - Episode #2.12 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Celebrity Big Brother (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 12 - Episode #2.12 - full transcript 
 Last year's finalists, Mark McGrath and Marissa Jaret Winokur surprise the Houseguets. Plus, which Houseguest will become the next HoH? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Previously on "Celebrity Big Brother." With Tom controlling all the power. Tom, you have won the golden power of veto. Announcer: He put the wrestler and the runner on the block. My replacement nominee is Lolo Jones. Announcer: Before the live vote, Julie made a blockbuster announcement. Julie: It is double eviction night, tonight. Announcer: At the first eviction of the night. Julie: By a vote of 4-0, Natalie Eva Marie, are you 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 evicted from the "Big Brother" house. Announcer: The total diva got totally booted. Before the dust settles, the final breaking celebrity news twist was unleashed. Julie: You will all compete in a special safety competition. The winner will be safe from tonights second eviction but will have to sit out of the head of household competition. Announcer: So the final six went to battle for safety. Julie: Everyone is locked in with an answer. Announcer: And Tamar punched her ticket to the final five. Julie: Congratulations Tamar, you have won safety from tonights second eviction. Announcer: With head of household on the line, Lolo ran 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 away with the victory. Julie: Congratulations, Lolo, you are the new head of household. And she went after the other side of the house. Tom, im putting you on the block, not because there is any angst between us, but because you win everything. The next one Kandi, I guess. Announcer: With the veto on the line. Julie: We have a tie between Ricky and Tamar. Announcer: Tamar got her second win of the night. Julie: Congratulationsk Tamar, you have won the power of veto. Announcer: And she put the final nail in the comedians coffin. In the name of my home girl, national atie who went home tonight and my new friendship with Kandi, and trust I will not be using this power of veto. Announcer: At the second live eviction--. Julie: By a vote of 3-0, Tom, you are he viced from the "Big Brother" house. Announcer: The house sent Tom on a red trip out-- road trip out the door. Tonight, the battle for head of household begins. And Mark mcgrath and Marissa join the house guests. Plus witness some of the craziest and emotional moments from the season you havent seen. You a virgin. Hi my heart brocken a lot. That was the hardest timing of my life. Im tilling straight up, are you finished or are you done,. Announcer: The road to the finale starts right now on "Celebrity Big Brother." "Celebrity Big Brother." Captioning funded by CBS and good night, houseguests. Bye, Julie. You look amazing sis. Ha ha! I cannot believe that I have in time five, im just excited about it have I had dreams about making it to 9 finals of "big brother." I have to shout about the blessing that I got. And cut, whack. I was more than brave, I had a hallelujah moment. Natalie, for you. He traying to break us. I wish that me and Natalie were both still in the game. But she is he represented because we played this game together. And me making it to final five feels like we made it to final five. Now its time to win. Oh my gosh. It feals amazing it to be in the final five, this is the fourth quarter. I survived the first three quarters and when I played, I was at my best in the fourth quarter. That was so stressful. Oh my god. The only reason why I put you up. I knew it was him up there, there would be no way you would be voting off. I know you dont take things personal, I still had to say that though. Yes, I have survived the block. Yet again. And I made it. Right now the only two people that I kind of trust are Tamar and Dina but the only person that will get me to the end of the game is me. Dont hate me. I do not hate you. Oh, wow. Aw, its so nice. Champagne. French toast. Is that somebody at the door? Oh, we got an extra guest. Wait, what? Welcome. How are you doing? Whoa. It is sugar ray, he was a computey pa tooty back then, he is still cute but is he married. Oh my gosh, I never thought I would be in this room again, the diary room, final five. Feels like home in here. This couch, it just-- fits me well, and my leather jacket. You dont like it? It was-- it is eck age rated, say that a little bit. Thank you. I want some breakfast, I want some champagne and I want to celebrate the final five in the finale. You guys want to learn how to get third place in this game? You are talking to the right guy, all right. I dont want to brag, but-- Ricky, champagne. I will have some. Thank you. Youre welcome. How about cheers to the final five. Yes, congratulations. Watch t everybody, have I been a fan of everything at the table. Im excited, last area we had omarosa. Yeah. This year you had the much. What did you guys think when you walked in and you saw The Mooch. I loved Anthony, I feel like we connected immediately. One thing about Mooch, he was not shying about telling his story from Washington. Oh my god. Im sure you guys have all had hard times in your career, right? Oh, for sure. Not me. Never had a hard time in my career, that I can think of. Would it be wrong to ask what made it so short. Its with a combination of things but the main thing was, I was fighting with Steve bannon and reince priebus, the shootout at the ok cor ral started, priebus and bannon did not want me in that job. They started making up story. I was never in politics and I got my ego involved, he I said something inappropriate to a reporter. He ran to CNN with t and when the new chief of staff came n he fire mood he. Who was that. That was John Kelly. Without is gone now too. He is gone now too. Actually all those people are gone. Bannon, he was-- I mean, not my cup of tea. Now president traw man say in Washington if you want a friend, buy a dog, like there is nobody that is really your friend in Washington. Is Trump the first president without a dog? Have I to go to the bathroom. What kind of dog are you recommending for the president? I dont know. Pitbull, maybe. I thought his ass was a dog? It aint my business. So what is the toughest thing about having roommates now? Well, to me, you know, being in the same room with people is you have to be careful about what you say and everybody is whispering. And who is in the room. Yes. Oh my god. I need to go to bed. Dude. Lolo and I had a finals two, now we have to make it "big brother" official and think of a bomb name. We have to think of a final two name. Final two. We have to think of a name. What is that face for? Oh my god, how can I not check the room, that a rule number one, check the room before you open up your big mouth. Come up with a name. I dont have no final two name. Did you say final two. Dwrai, what, you say. Did I hear-- yeah, no-- I didnt know my ass was in the room, she come here and say we got to think of a final two. We got to come up with a final two name. I knew were you-- I knew you were in here. This has been a Braxton-- oh girl, we got it find us a name for our final two. I was like yes, I know the name of the final two, busted. Com, yall busted, okay. One, I dont think I meant today-- I really dont think I did. You meant to say it while I was in there. You were in the room so why wouldnt I. We going to let you finish. But. Right. Honestly, I honestly, you and Kandi d final two. Dont get punched in the throat, calm down. I can play, dont play with a-- tiger. Mi from-- but I dont play, dont dnt talk about bunching me in the throat, that is not cool. Did we just get serious talking about punching in the throat, come on. I can let it go, real fast, because leer is the thing. I was only joking. Have I no freaking clue how you telling me are you going to punch me in the throat is funny. I am sorry. Have I been raised to be a fighter. So when someone does a threat to me I just go into fight mode. And I say it all the time, girl, stop punching me in the throat, dont. You said dont get punched in the 24r0e9, I dont know you to know that that say joke. Yeah, you might want to am could back. Just come back. Who is the messiest person in the house? Tom was. A thousand percent. Let me see the fridge. Oh no, no, no, no, no! Oh my god. How you can live like this. Its disgusting. I would have regulated the hell out of this. Scwhroay did that-- shall Joey did, that well, clearly, Joeys gone. That fridge is not keeping things cold. It might be the fill terks I dont know wrong with it, 37, that is not good t has to be like 33, 34. Your house is probably like immaculate. Everything works, nothing is broke. But ims in the like crazy about it I just like to end the day with the house per sphect-- perfect because I wake up the next morning to it being perfect. I dont know if I am a neat freak but I like things in order. It is gross when people throwing booger tissues and leaving plates with half eaten sandwiches but im not going yefer board. Come on, kids, keep is nice and tiddy. This is disgusting. I just dont get it. Joey Lawrence should be the new Mr. Clean. Look at this, dude, look at this. He is bald, hes jacked. I even fold my hand towel that I used. He is probably the cleanest person I have ever met. What is all this white stuff. Baby powder, Cato was-- catho was pray spraying it. Really, you kidding me. It is if the going to hurt you. I know you about it is just everywhere. So sick of this disgusting fridge. I just cleaned up leaking fish guts all underneath this, my hands are full of it. Joey Lawrence is the germ o foab, turning too Howard hughs with clean exboxes, elongated finger nail, warning his hands every ten seconds building the spreuses goose. Tell me are you getting sick, salmonella or something. I was so excited to see this year, Kato kaelin. It would be cool to say Cato potatoe. What did you think of Kato. He was funny-- will be 1,000 of the time. I cant use the phone. Oh, I got another call, yeah. On the line with her right now. Ricky is so tired right now. Im going to get him in a second. Are you going it get me what. Smile, that is all I want. I will give you money if you can make me laugh. What? Now im here to watch this. I think could you go for probably an hour. Make you laugh. Yeah. I will biv it 60 seconds. Okay. And-- whoa. Wow, where did you get those shorts, you got milk all over them. Are you from the dairy state? Ricky Williams, call me smiles, ha, ha, ha. Looks like a Santa claus. You got like a smyle that the children what love, I could see you as a child on your lap going, do some more yoga, do some more yoga. And the baby is going like this. Namaste. That is all I say is namaste. I want some milk. I want to take a nap, popa. I said I want to take a nap, popa. Oh. I didnt get anything. I know you what got. Ds nuts. Oh exhe laughs, I got him. One thing that was crazy for me coming to last season was suddenly you have all of these roommates. I mean have I really mates at the olim approximate-- olympic training center, I have to adjust to different personalities on the fly, but do I like it, no. You argue with different things I oh my gosh I just had a fight with ta and now she is HOH, what did I just do! (Laughter) I go into the storage room and I see sea bass on the goes ree list. Im like last time we put fish on the list, "Big Brother" with their generous self-brought a whole truck load in here and I dont think everybody in the house wants sea bass. So I just write write a note say you know, nobody really eats sea bass, just bring a little bit of sea bass, thanks. And can you add energy drinks. I already did. Okay, who ordered sea bass. You wrote sea bass. Quai. When they ordered that, can you ask for a little bit of it. I should have said that. So I need to say that. Thank you. I put my own funny note on it. Its not just a piece of fish, have I strict die tear requirements and the one time I put something down, its like I get personally attacked for writing something I need to eat. Ta, I get what you are saying but that is the first time im ordering protein. That is why I asked you if you did and explained what I said. I just wouldnt have done, that I dont ever order anything, I dont want anything, I will just starve. Okay. You okay. No, im pissed, superpis srksd. Is the-- manners, I dont ever put anything on the list. Lolo, are you making a big deal. No, you are rude, ta, no, no, you listen me first because you attacked me firs. I didnt attack you. You did attack me. I didnt attack you. The fact you dont even want to let me explain. I told her t say list, its food, its not that serious. Yeah. What is that about? Because I dont want to blowp. Ricky, im going to need to talk to you or someone because im-- she comes at me saying a rude remark when I only put something on there every four days t is rude. So glad I helped save her. So glad. She so glad you helped save you. Who heard me, ta. No, I didnt. I said so glad I helped save you. Yeah, because im here because of you. No, not all the way because of me, but have I never thrown you under the bus but I feel like you continue to throw me under the bus. You have to grow up. No. You are. Im telling you-- did. Im telling you are you doing way too much. Im telling you. Hey, hey, you guys, lets just talk about it later when were calmer, lets clean up. We can never be calm. Have I been calm before, ta, im not apologizing on this, you need to apologize. Lets understand where each other is coming from, right. She doesnt want to hear. And im here because of you. I said help, we have all helped each other in this house, ta. So why you saying it then. You are trying to twist things like you do, like you always do, you try to twist things and im not twisting it. Im tilling straight up. Are you finished or are you done. You wrote a rude message, it was hurtful. Im just letting you know, you wrote a rude message. And it was hurtful and if you cant get over that, that is on you. All right. Theyre arguing about sea bass. You know what I nthed this season is that Joey an Ryan bonded pretty quickly, seemed to be pretty good friends. Yeah, they definitely seemed to click. It was like a boy band showmance. Im tired from that thing yesterday. Whooo. Yeah. Yes. My traps are on fire. You were made in a lab. Perfect skin, perfect tone. Once my boy Jonathan was he victded, I realized I had to faind a new buddy in the "big brother" house. And Joey, hes my buddy. Whats was that olive oil? You use a lot of olive oil. Yes. Im learn sog much from him. Hes a Jack of all trades. A lot of other oils like coconut oil, you know what it does inside your body. What. Clogs arteries with. I use coconut oil for something else. I could exercise with him, I could do everything with Joey. Is I was waiting for you. Were just two peas in the pod. In the pod in a pod, in the pod. Wait, wait, put yours on the lower one. Okay. All right, one, two, three. (Laughter) Es a he a peanut butter in my jelly. We got a good thing going. See, like if it were me and you, the last two people, I would be like. Oh my gosh, it would be awesome. You know n my season, I kind of got hoodwinked by people who knew each other by people before they got in the house. Marissa and Shannon. I know, I thought we were going to work together and we didnt. We all think there is say handshake you have forever. I know, it was like not at all. Dont try and back door me. What? You are a big target. Yl well, yeah. Once you make an olympic team with someone, it is an unspoken brotherhood that just should never be broken. I see Ryan and Jonathan hanging out all the time now and its making me insecure and also, im jealous. Like thats my homey. I mean im hurt. Look at the final two. What? You heard me. Who std what who is the what? Oh. What was that? Why is she playing her. Have I no idea. Like what is up with Lolo, calling us out, flipping us off, that is not team U.S.A., I will tell that you much. If Lolo wants to come at us like that, well then she can find me on the winners podium and her ass on the block. You know what, her just doing that, is wrong. You know the other day t is a game here, but like im telling you, I know from last season this house has a way of bringing peopling to. Well, me and Kandi knew each other for 20 years. We never really had a-- hit it off day one, did we? Whooo! Wow! Hi, Kandi. Whats up, Tamar. My girl Tamar, shes here. We have history together from the music industry. A year ago we went on tour with my group escape. But we have had our good times and weve had our bad times. Are you excited to-here? Not really. Are yall ready for this sth. Nope. The tour was horrible Tor me because you personally interjected yourself by talking crazy about me. When you just should have said nothing. Okay. I thought we had totally moveed on from that. From my perspective it was totally, utterly disrespectful and unprofessional. What 1234. Absolutely. Oh my god, where-- what about snu. Backstage while I am at work, and I had to-- let me finish, please. Okay, I will let you finish. And I had to endure being uncomfortable. This aint going well. That definitely wasnt-- like that is not-- now see that is where it st not going to go well because that last. What are you talking about. When somebody tell you-- when somebody tell you how they feel, for you to laugh, is. Because I wasnt trying to attack you. Okay. Whatever. I didnt think that we were going to be able to make it in this house together. But things have gotten better. Im not going to vote for you. I would never do that. I. I wouldnt vote for you either. I just, I hate the way its been. I am actually really, really disappointed that we havent been able to, like, get close. So while we are in the house, I would-- that is still my prayer, still my prayer. Tamar is easy to set off, but she is also hilarious. Its been 17 days. Oh lord. I know you tired of my-- a, we got it. Yall excited, right. You are a comedy show, all right. Im beyond grateful that Kandi and I were able to mend fences and look out for each other. What he said, what now? When I was playing the pool with him, he is like since you guys arent agreeing with me, I will let you know that I will probably use the veto to pull Natalie off the block and put somebody else that you wont vote against. And I was like, you cannot put Tamar up. That is my friend. I dont want to sound corny but she called me her friend. And for me that was a big deal. The biggest thing im grateful for is our relationship that came out of this whole damn thing. Yes. I will take that, Kandi. So if you live in this house, naturally you get really close and you begin to open up go your lives. That was my favorite part about being in the house. Everybody sharing their past stories and how they overcame just really helped everyone with their guard down, and they could either use it against you or be your friend after that. Why are you sipg El, you dont like nobody. No, I like a ton of people t just doesnt work out, my schedule is insane last year I was home for three weeks out of the whole year. What about another athlete. Trust me, I tried, like every occupation, so I dont know why god hasnt blessed me with my husband. The other reason I have never had sex, and guys do not want to wait for girls. Say that again. Have I never had sex. Are you a virgin. Uh-huh. Im waiting till marriage. It is a good thing that, you know, shes sticking to her morals and values and stuff, but girl, you got to test that thing out first. How you know you like if sand if you aint ever been to the beach. That has ended a lot of relationships. The moment I tell them that, a lot either think im lying, so they hang out and oh, she was telling the truth. Or there is the ones that think it is a challenge. And then when they realize like literally im going to have to marry her, and then they exit. I had my heart brocken a lot. I will not compromise on my morals and this is something that, it is a really good gift, an amazing gift im giving to my husband. So he better damn well be worth it. What if you marry him and its just not good, what you going to do. So for me it is going to be good because I done have a comparison. I think thats amazing. But what happened to my showmance. I walked in this house, I was like-- within people are vulnerable to be again wynn and share something from their heart. Even Tom opening up about cancer. Yeah. >>. Good day today, huh? Yeah, man. Beat though, man. Mi too. Like you said, you had your insides. Yeah, I think it is something to do with that. Hell yeah t had something to do with that, any time they cut you open your body is not going back to where its with. They dont tell that you. I am a testicular cancer survivor. I had to go through two surgeries. And been cancer free now for almost 20 years. How much pain were you in when you came out. Worse ever, the most insane thing ever. And then it became a dul pain after two months that lasted for probably a year or so. And slowly the dul pain kind of faded every year for about ten years. Wow. You probably have a lot of pain right from getting hit all the time. Yeah. Yeah, so it, I feel like, that like now, like I feel like I got hit by a truck or something like, that you know. How did you catch yours so early. Just felt some numbness and pain and was like what the-- is that, and I went to the doctor right away a lot of Yung guys dont that that because they are embarrassed. If you get terlee it is 100 percent curable. But crazy. Battling cancer changes your perspective on life and you got to stay positive and dont sweat the small stuff. And being here in "Big Brother," it can be tough at times but thats nothing compared to being worried about life-and-death. There was a kid in the bed right beside my bed, 25 year old kid, had the same thing. And he was kind of a fan of mine. I would go talk to him and six months later I went for a check. He didnt make it. You know, same exact thing I had, so like I kind of, cant really complain about some dul pain, you know? Yeah. I feel pretty lucky. So you know I will never forget how Ryan opened up to us about his olympic incident. It made my heart open up to him and I feel like everybody needs to let him continue to be the champion that he needs to be. Oh yeah. What made you decide to come on "Big Brother"? I really want the people just to see me for me. And not many people see that. They only see it from all, like, the headlines and everything that has happened in my past. There is a past? Yeah. What happened? Some things happened in 2016 at the Olympics. Me and a couple other swimmers celebrated our victories and everything. So we went out. We got hammered. We got in a taxi, went home back to the village and we stopped at a gas station, because we all had to pee. And when we were coming back to the gas station there was like a sign that was hanging off, already, and I just went like that, like I kind of hit it off. And I guess it made some loud noise and then two guys come out with guns. And told us to get out of the car. They were talking Portuguese. And we couldnt really understand them. So basically long story short, like we had to give them money but once we gave them money, we were able to leave. But they blamed you guys. Yeah, they blamed us because I fabricated the story. I said the guns with pointed at my head but it was like, from me to you. But when I told the story, I was still, like, really, like drunk. So it kind of got blown out of proportion. It got blown out of proportion and then they said I vandalized the bathroom. I think that was, like, the hardest time of my life. Beus I went from everyone loved me, I was on top of the world and then I was like one of the most hated people. Been there. I have been through a similar experience where because of my actions off the field, people that looked up to me and were my fans started to hate me and to test me. And it doesnt feel good when you worked your life to get somewhere and you see it can be taken away just like that. I mean im a role model for these kids. And when I get messages saying you should die, and I thought were you my role model, are you not any more, that is what really got me. Is when they started saying you are not my role model. And I lost faith in you. And stuff like that. Sor hee. No, thats real. I didnt think that. I saw that whole story, and it was such bs, because believe me, bs. Im very impressed with Ryan and how he came clean with his story. Since my family has been so falsely ridiculed by the press, I take his word verbatim from him as opposed to reading a headline. Its been kind of like an uphill battle since then. Everything is good now, buddy. We take our heroes and put them on a pedestal and forget that they are human. And to me, the true role model are the ones that make mistakes but buns back. Thats life. And that is why I am not going to let them win. Thanking thank as for sharing that. One thing that you may not know that the live feed watchers know is that Mr. Tom green. Is this thing on? Would stay up late doing wacky crazy cookie things. I knew that. I know Tom loves to make up ridiculous songs, that is his thing. I dont want to be messy. ♪ I dont want to be rude. ♪ But kateeau and Tom, Kato and Tom. Kato and Tom are screwed. ♪ No more snails mcgill, America. ♪ If you want some snails. ♪ Well, youre out of luck. ♪ No more snails mcgale for you. ♪ Kus Kato and Tom are. ♪ No more snails mcgale. ♪ Kateeau was a friend of mine till he aligned. ♪ He tried the back door. Then you found out it was fine, now you are barely alive. What. Now we all know this house gets supercrazy there is one place that always a sanctuary, its "Big Brother" nest, the di ree room. Oh my gosh, I cant believe im in the diary room doing a diary, this is so exciting. You can come in without being called upon, is that fair to say? Good morning. These people here, whoa, crazy. Hey, Tom is groundhog day just saw my shadow, im here for two more weeks. Hey, tomorrow is groundhogs day. I just got so confused. I thought it was funnier than that. Joey needs sensitive skin baby wipes, all right, cookie, right? Is there like, do you have it back there or something like a lint roller. Tamar wants to you call her mom and ask her what time she was born. I need somebody to reach out to my boyfriend and see if we still go together. I mean I just-- we need romaine lettuce, the endless pool is set be on beginner. Google free oatmeal. Is there a way for you to go out and tweak it to expert. White tuna in water. The garbage can is full, it has got fish am it, are you guys hungry up there? Im kidding. Kosher dill pickels. Like this is not we also need toilet paper. We need a lot of that. Tamar is not having it, at all. Tom went crazy as usual. Ryan is mad. Watch out. Hes like a wounded water buffalo. Tamar and I kind of got into it a little bit yesterday. Ricky aint said nothing to me all day. Lolo is really moody. I dont know what the-- im doing right now, so do you want to answer, I dont know what the-- im doing and I dont want to talk about it. I think we have to keep feeding her to make everyone happy. Im on edge so much now that I am going to be losing my friend, friends I want after the show. And im not happy about thisment. Like to play this game. You are-- man. Now im going to get emotional about it. Winning is great, because you know, that would-- I dont want to cry, its silly. I am not going to be okay. Im not okay! Back in the hallowed halls of the "Big Brother" house t has been an honor, and finally good luck to everybody here, cheers, everybody. Cheers. It is awesome celebrating the final five with Mark mcgrath. Thanks, Mark. Lolo, thank you. But we have an HOH competition to play and it has come down to this. Only one person wins. Thank you guys, cheesiers cheers. (Applause) We walk out and it it feels like were on Broadway. I see feet, I see red curtains and then I see Marissa. Marissa won last season of "Celebrity Big Brother" and she is a Tony award winner. Are we performing because this might be something I could be good at. Hello houseguests. Hi, Marissa. Im so excited to be back in the house to host this HOH competition. I miss the house so much. I miss just sitting around and talking all day without cell phones or distractions. Or jobs. Or family. Theater like winning "big brother" is something I know a lot about. And today you are about to star in my new musical production, bats the musical. Yay. Lolo, as outgoing HOH, are you not able to compete. Here is how it works. When the horn sounds, hit your button to activate your magnetic puzz em board for 20 seconds. The goal of the competition is to fly like a bat while racing to assemble the bas the musical poster am but be careful because the clock is ticking. And if you dont fly back and hit your button, the board will be magazine nept-- demagnetize and your metal pieces will fall, which means you have to start all over. If the board becomes demagnetized you have ten seconds to reset your timer or are you eliminated from the competition. But the first person to compleat their puzzle then flies back and hits their button will become the next HOH and guarantee themselves a spot in the final four. Whooo! Are you guys ready to play bats the musical? Yes! I condition believe im flying again, this is ridiculous. This entire experience has been a roller coaster of emotions. I mean I see myself as one of the people they would put on the block again. Im tired of surviving. I want to win. Im really proud of myself and I think my children will be so proud, even that I am here this far. I know I vn won a competition yet but if anything thinks im not going to play to the en, the finish line, theyre just wrong. Right now there is size in the house, there is Lolo, may self and Tamar and Dina and Kandi. No matter what, Dina or Kandi cannot win or they will come after our alliance. On your Mark, get set, go! I got it snroat. Im scared of heights but there is so much at stake here and I have to secure my spot in the final four, I need to face my fears. And jump. Oh. Who will win the head of household and secure their spot in the final four? Plus with three competitions in two evictions left, who will de-- defy the odds and emerge as the winner of "celebrity big brother." Find out Wednesday night at 9:00, 8 central on the live two-hour finale of "celebrity Big Brother"! Oh may god. Good job, captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 