Space's Deepest Secrets: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Space's Deepest Secrets 
 s2e5 - Secret History of Jupiter - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Space's Deepest Secrets (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Secret History of Jupiter - full transcript 
 Recent discoveries by NASA's Juno mission reveal new secrets about Jupiter, a strange world that is more like a star than a planet. As scientists uncover what lies beneath its violent ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jupiter... our largest planetary neighbor. Jupiter is the king of the planets for a good reason. - It's the biggest. - It's the baddest. It dominated the evolution of the solar system. Jupiter is a violent world of radiation and storms on an epic scale. The interior of Jupiter - is kind of hard to imagine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There may be a layer inside Jupiter where you get diamond rain. Today, NASA's Juno mission is unraveling Jupiter's deepest secrets. What forces shape its mysterious storms and cause volcanic eruptions that jet lava deep into space? Jupiter actually has more in common with our sun - than it does with any of - the other planets in the solar system. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We venture deep inside the most extreme planet in the solar system to reveal its inner secrets and investigate if Jupiter could actually be the sun's secret twin. Captions by vita... captions paid for by discovery communications Jupiter... the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in the solar system. Made almost entirely of hydrogen and helium, Jupiter stretches more than 85,000 miles across. It's unfathomably big. You know, you can fit a thousand earths inside. Jupiter is a beast of a planet. It's 317 times the mass of the earth. It has individual storms on it that could contain the entire earth. Now, scientists have launched a mission to study Jupiter in more detail than ever before. Juno is orbiting this oversized world, snapping close-up images and collecting data. Scientists are uncovering the secrets of an extraordinarily complex and unique world. Jupiter has 67 known moons and probably a giant number of ones that are not yet known. It's like a miniature solar system all of its own. It's a whole environment, a whole ecosystem. It has enormous - magnetic fields. It has intense radiation. - No matter which way - you cut it, Jupiter stands in a class on its own. The conditions on and around Jupiter are extreme. It doesn't behave like an ordinary planet. Formed at the beginning of the solar system from the same stuff as the sun, Jupiter is an enigma. Is it hiding a secret history? Could Jupiter be a star in disguise? Spread across 50 square miles of baking sand in the scorching Mojave desert, these giant telescopes listen for radio signals in outer space. NASA's Steve Levin is on the front line, unlocking the secrets of Jupiter. We've known about Jupiter for thousands of years, - and we've studied it - with telescopes for hundreds of years. In fact, Jupiter was one of the very first objects in the sky that was studied with telescopes. But when we started using radio telescopes, we learned a lot of surprises about Jupiter. These telescopes observe space by looking at radio waves rather than visible light. And the radio waves that come from Jupiter aren't what scientists expect to see from a planet. One of the surprises was this enormous bright radio source that turned out to be Jupiter. Jupiter gives off a huge radio signal far too bright for its size. Scientists think these signals are created by small, charged particles interacting with a magnetic field. Most planets have a magnetic field, but Jupiter's is far larger than any other. Jupiter's is the - brightest radio signal that is part of the sky. - It's the largest magnetic field - of any planet in our solar system, by far. So, what is causing Jupiter's huge magnetic field? Scientists believe the answer might lie within alien chemistry deep within the planet. More than 300 million miles from earth, Jupiter is an unimaginably different world. It's a planet that astronomers call a "gas giant." It's made almost entirely from hydrogen, the same material that forms stars like the sun. But beneath its cloudy surface, a darkness looms. Scientists believe a thick, black liquid swirls below, where intense pressures and temperatures transform hydrogen into a strange new substance. The secret of Jupiter's giant magnetic field may lie within this abyss. Scientists in Edinburgh are conducting a remarkable experiment to find out. So, we call Jupiter a gas giant, but beneath the clouds of Jupiter, - the planet's not really - made of gas. It's made of something much, much stranger. Stewart McWilliams is investigating the mystery of what lies below Jupiter's clouds. Scientists know that Jupiter is 90% hydrogen. - Let's go. - Things work fast when they work here. This equipment can recreate some of the incredibly high pressures found inside Jupiter, to find out what happens to a gas under the extreme conditions deep inside the planet. McWilliams: In the bottom of the ocean, the pressure from all the water that's on top of you is about a thousand times earth's atmospheric pressure. And in the center of the earth, it's about a million times. But in the center of Jupiter, it's almost a billion times - the pressure of earth's - atmosphere. Stewart is going to expose a gas more commonly found on earth to the pressures found deep within Jupiter. He uses oxygen because it's easier to control in the lab, yet reacts to pressure in the same way as hydrogen. Oxygen is very similar to hydrogen, - and so, they have - similar properties when you put them under pressure inside a planet. At low pressures, light can easily pass through the sample. If I put my hand behind the sample, the light goes away. So, we're seeing light, now, coming through oxygen, and we're able to see right through it. And of course, oxygen, like hydrogen, when you squeeze on it, it starts to change. Stewart begins to squeeze the gas. Under extreme pressures, the structure of oxygen transforms. -61, 62, 63. -There it goes. The oxygen has now just turned solid, and crystals are starting to form in the system. The oxygen becomes opaque. It's beginning to change its structure. We're starting to - see, the oxygen's beginning to turn a little bit darker and a little more orange, and there it goes. We've turned, now, our oxygen sample into a totally black substance here. - We were trying to shine - light through it, and it's being totally absorbed inside the oxygen. This black substance is created simply by putting an ordinary gas under extreme pressure. Stewart believes his experiments prove that the pressure within Jupiter transforms hydrogen gas into a new, different state. - But this isn't enough - to explain Jupiter's enormous magnetic field. An even stranger force must be at work. Deeper inside the planet, the conditions intensify. Beneath the dark hydrogen, scientists think there's an even more bizarre layer... An ocean of liquid, metallic hydrogen, an exotic state of hydrogen that doesn't exist on earth. 12,000 miles deep, this metallic ocean transforms the planet into an enormous dynamo. As it spins, it creates a magnetic field that extends nearly 4 million miles around Jupiter, the biggest planetary structure in the solar system. Scientists now believe metallic hydrogen powers Jupiter's magnetic field. But in the lab, it's proving difficult to make. McWilliams: People everywhere are racing to create metallic hydrogen. And over the years, we think we've seen metallic hydrogen, fleetingly, in a laboratory, but we can't reproduce these claims. Jupiter seems able to create new forms of hydrogen, but it defies human attempts to recreate it in the lab. McWilliams: The only possible explanation for that magnetic field is the existence of a metallic state of hydrogen deep within Jupiter. And so, it's really... Experiments are trying to catch up to nature. The pressure inside Jupiter is unrivaled by the other planets in our solar system. Only the sun creates a greater force. Jupiter is so big, so massive that, we know, as you descend into the interior of Jupiter, you will reach pressures where an element like hydrogen doesn't just liquify. It actually begins to behave like a metal. Now, the reason a metal is shiny is that, metal atoms actually share electrons. And with the hydrogen compressed so close together, the same thing happens, and you get metallic hydrogen. This metallic hydrogen is something that is very difficult to make. But because Jupiter is so powerful, it's so cool, and it has such awesome gravity, it can create metallic hydrogen. Jupiter's magnetic field reaches out deep into space. When tiny charged particles come into contact with it, they produce radio waves that telescopes can detect on earth. Scientists observing Jupiter in ultraviolet light - can see - an extraordinary phenomena caused by the magnetic field... Huge auroras, the brightest and biggest in the solar system. The auroras here on earth, - our northern - and Southern lights, are caused by the interaction of our magnetic field with particles from the sun. Well, Jupiter's magnetic field is so extreme, it actually generates auroras all by itself. These great, glowing masses of particles hitting the upper atmosphere - due to - the magnetic field, but like everything on Jupiter, they're supersized. But the unparalleled brightness of Jupiter's auroras can't be explained by its magnetic field alone. Now, scientists around the world are investigating how the auroras have become so powerful. I've got to step back, - actually, 'cause I can feel the heat so intensely here. What awesome power is fueling Jupiter's auroras? Jupiter behaves more like a star than an ordinary planet, like earth. It's made from the same stuff as the sun, and supercharged auroras suggest that extremely powerful radiation surrounds Jupiter. This makes getting near to the planet very difficult. Trying to get anywhere close to Jupiter - is really, - really hard of the magnetic field. So, when you send a spacecraft, you understand it's not gonna live for very long. We've not been to Jupiter that many times, which is one reason NASA's Juno mission is so exciting. Juno has been sent right into the heart of Jupiter's auroras to discover the secrets behind the radiation that causes them. Launched in 2011, and costing more than $1 billion, Juno travels at more than 124,000 miles per hour, covering over 1.5 billion miles on its 5-year-journey to Jupiter. This is NASA's jet propulsion laboratory in California. It's the nerve center for the Juno mission. Our first science pass - with all - the instruments on. Everybody's healthy. - The data's - looking amazing. All the scientists are incredibly excited. Heidi Becker is studying the radiation environment around Jupiter using Juno. When Juno went through - the really nasty radiation environment for the first time, it's kind of an edge-of-your-seat-type moment. Heidi measures the strength of radiation around Jupiter by looking at photographs of stars taken by the Juno spacecraft. This is a regular, radiation-free image collected by Juno's star tracker. The stars appear like points of light, like you're used to when you look up at the stars at night. The stars are constant points of light in the photograph, but when radiation particles hit the camera, they appear, suddenly, as additional white spots and streaks of light. So, each of these frames is another level of radiation. - And all of these - squiggles and holes that are being added to this star field, that's the radiation signature. These are - the radiation particles that create Jupiter's auroras. The particles are kind of like machine-gun fire, creating bullet holes in an image. And so, we can count those individual bullet holes, - and that's what - helps me understand the radiation environment. So, one person's noise is another person's music or data. This data from Juno allows scientists to map the planet's radiation. The radiation fields of Jupiter are so intense, we know they're going to eventually fry our spacecraft. Juno has on the order of about a 2-year lifetime. We understand that. This intense radiation lights up Jupiter's auroras, - but where does it - come from? What's feeding Jupiter's magnetic field with radiation? Scientists looking for evidence have spotted clues in a mysterious bright spot tracing a path across the lights. They now think that Io, one of the 67 moons that orbit Jupiter, holds the key to the planet's auroras. There's this very intense magnetic interaction between Jupiter and its moons, and you can actually see this in the Aurora. And you see a glowing spot moving around in the auroras. - And one of the most - dramatic ones, the most dramatic footprints to see, is that of Io. Io orbits at 217,000 miles from Jupiter, held in place by the planet's massive gravity. It's nothing like the moon that orbits earth. When we sent our first spacecraft, we saw, amazingly, volcanoes going off. Could these remote volcanoes be the source of Jupiter's supercharged auroras? Scientists at Syracuse university in New York are investigating if volcanoes on Io are the cause of Jupiter's magnificent auroras by making their own volcano. I've poured lava over a thousand times, than a lot of volcanologists. Professor Bob Wysocki runs the lava project. He uses his homemade furnace to replicate the geological conditions on other worlds. Tonight, he's gearing up to investigate how volcanic activity on one of Jupiter's moons might fuel the planet's deadly radiation and light up its auroras. Bob heats basalt rock until it melts. We're gonna - charge the furnace now, - and this is, simply, - just putting more material in to melt overnight. The furnace burns at 2,300 degrees Fahrenheit. - It takes an immense amount - of energy to melt even a small amount of rock. - So, where does Io - get the energy to fuel its volcanoes? It's all down to Io's immense immense and malevolent neighbor, Jupiter. The planet traps Io in a gravitational tug-of-war with other orbiting moons. Inside Io, the relentless push and pull from Jupiter heats up the interior to melting point, creating smoldering currents beneath the surface. As the pressure builds, the lava finally erupts through the moon's crust. It shoots scorching fountains of lava up to half-a-mile high and floods the frozen surface with molten rock. -Okay, Jeff, you ready to go? -Yeah. In Syracuse, Bob is ready to pour the lava. We are just that one step below what comes out of a volcano and making and replicating what happens in nature. Well, we're doing - an experiment today to try to better understand what happens when ice meets lava. Geologist Jeff Karson is joining Bob to see what happens when volcanoes erupt on Io. Io is extremely cold. Its surface is made from sulfur dioxide that is frozen solid. Bob monitors the furnace, while Jeff examines how lava interacts with the ice. The physics that govern the way the lava flows form, the way they cool, the shapes they take on, these are all the same on other planetary objects, but the same basic physics applies. Scientists believe that the hot lava pouring out of Io's volcanoes onto its icy surface has a direct effect on Jupiter's radiation. Moving onto the ice, - a bunch of bubbles - are starting to form. You see a completely different style of behavior of the lava here. I've got to step back, actually, 'cause I can feel the heat so intensely here. But those bubbles are forming because water vapor is being produced, boiling the water in the ice. - The vapor is escaping - through the lava and blowing these beautiful bubbles. It's a really good analog for what could be happening on other planetary objects, like on Io. The hot lava causes the frozen ice to instantly vaporize into clouds of steam. On a place like Io, it would be sulfur that's being vaporized, and sulfur dioxide making bubbles and being released into the atmosphere. Scientists now think that vaporized sulfur dioxide is the key ingredient to explain Jupiter's extraordinary auroras. Io's volcanoes vaporize the toxic sulfur dioxide. They blast it into a nearly 50-mile umbrella plume. One ton every second flies into orbit around Jupiter. The sulfur dioxide supercharges the deadly radiation belt around the planet with a lethal particle storm. Jupiter's magnetic field then captures the sulfur dioxide particles and accelerates them to the poles of the planet at almost the speed of light. They strike Jupiter's atmosphere and create the spectacular Aurora patterns, over 100 times more energetic than the northern lights on earth. These volcanoes, instead of just throwing material a few tens of thousands of feet into the air, will throw material hundreds of miles out into space. These eruptions help generate a lethal radiation engulfing the whole planet. This makes Jupiter the most hostile place in the solar system, besides the sun. But it's not just radiation that makes Jupiter so extreme. Deadly storms rage on the surface. Today, scientists are seeing unimaginable weather systems, enormously more powerful than even the most terrifying hurricanes on earth. The weather on Jupiter is pretty darn extreme. There are these belts that have winds - that are zooming around - very quickly, - and then the other direction - in the other. Among all the swirling bands, there's an enigma, one feature that doesn't seem to change... Jupiter's famous great red spot. The great red spot is the longest running storm so, any image of Jupiter that you see, you see the cloud bands, but then you see this big red spot. And it's persisted for at least 180 years, perhaps 300 or 400 years, since humans have been able to observe it. Jupiter's weather is unlike anything on a planet like earth. What makes its storms so colossal and violent? Jupiter... more than 1,000 times larger than the earth. It's the biggest and baddest planet in the solar system. It's so deadly, it seems to have more in common with the sun than a planet like earth. Jupiter has single storms larger than its neighboring planets. They rage for centuries and create its unmistakable appearance. - If you were to go to Jupiter, - you'd be in for some very serious weather. - But hey, maybe the kitesurfing - would be good, or the parachuting, because you have to deal with some serious winds and some serious storms. The great red spot is this gigantic swirling storm that has lasted for hundreds of years. You know, storms on earth don't last that long. Jupiter's great red spot is one of the biggest and oldest storms in the solar system. The mystery is, what keeps it spinning? Scientists at UCLA's Spinlab in California are trying to understand Jupiter's extreme weather. It would be impossible for us to get to Jupiter and survive, - so we have the next best thing. - Here at Spinlab, we do simulations of Jupiter in the lab. Juan Lora has a surprising tool to understand Jupiter's atmosphere... A tank of water. With this setup here, we are simulating a planetary atmosphere in the lab. - I know it doesn't look much - like a planet, but imagine just looking down at the center of the table, and that represents the polar region of the planet. The table will spin. So, as you head out to the edges of the table, that represents lower latitudes on the planet. Jupiter is the fastest - spinning planet in the solar system. A day on Jupiter lasts only 10 hours. The fluid in the table - is now spinning - like a planetary atmosphere - would be. - So, now, we're gonna - add some dye, and let's see what happens. The colored fluids represent different cloud systems. - This experiment - should reveal clues about how they interact. Adding any sort of turbulence to a rotating fluid will create some interesting dynamics. Juan stirs the water to create turbulence. Turbulence occurs in Jupiter's atmosphere when gasses of different temperatures and speeds come together. - Once you get turbulence, - and you disturb a fluid that is rotating quickly, like this tank and like Jupiter, then you get these vortices. And the vortices are very stable, and they like to interact with each other sometimes. This is like the red spot. As soon as it was formed, it is able to be maintained by the rotation of Jupiter. Jupiter's rotation energizes the great red spot and keeps it spinning. But how did it get so large in the first place? The great red spot is larger than whole planets. Winds whip around at over 400 miles per hour to form a cyclone that rises nearly 5 miles above the clouds. The striking red color is believed to be the gas reacting with the sun's rays. Behind the sunburnt surface, these twisting clouds remain gray inside. As smaller storms approach, they are ruthlessly cannibalized by the giant. Their energy and spin add to the great red spot's size and power. Is this superstorm destined to rage forever? Today, scientists can see something strange is happening. Jupiter's great red spot - has been changing - over the past 20 years. So, here, an image taken in 1995, - where you can see that - the great red spot is quite large and oval-shaped. If you compare this image to one taken in 2009, the spot has become more circular, and it's also smaller in size. And then, from 2014, shows, again, a further shrinkage of the spot. The great red spot feeds on other storms to survive. It consumes them, absorbing their energy to keep spinning. And if it's not fed, it'll starve. It's possible that, in the past 20 years, fewer of those vortices have come into contact with the great red spot. Scientists also think that some smaller storms could actually damage the great red spot. Another possibility is that it's eating, if you will, vortices that are spinning more slowly than it is spinning, and therefore, there's a net loss of spin. Storms that move slower or spin in the opposite direction could be putting the brakes on the great red spot. Its extraordinary longevity could simply be an exceptional streak of luck that's only now running out. - The fact that it's changing, - and so quickly, - and so dramatically, - after being stable for so long, does suggest that, maybe, something is taking place. Maybe it will shrink till the point we can't see it. We don't know. We have to keep watching. Only time will tell if Jupiter's most famous feature will survive another 100 years. - The extreme physics - on Jupiter creates unparalleled weather systems visible from space, and scientists are just beginning to understand the conditions inside the planet's clouds. What they are finding is extraordinary. One of the big surprises - when we got to Jupiter - with a spacecraft, was to see that there was lightning on the dark side. These images taken by NASA spacecraft are evidence of lightning strikes in Jupiter's atmosphere. They could trigger an astonishing chemical reaction deep inside Jupiter's colorful clouds. A thick fog of gas surrounds Jupiter. Friction in the clouds generates super bolts of lightning. These strikes are many times more powerful than lightning on earth. 62 miles beneath the surface, the clouds harbor methane, as well as hydrogen. When the superheated electric shock rips through the atmosphere, the conditions are perfect for an extraordinary chemical reaction unlike anything else in the solar system. Jupiter's - lightning bolts are stronger than anything we've witnessed on earth, and the resulting chemical reaction unleashes a shower of unimaginable riches. The lightning transforms the elements into diamonds. Jupiter keeps its bling on the inside, because it may be raining diamonds. Now, think about this. Jupiter has incredibly strong winds, and diamonds are really hard. So, talk about a hail storm. Scientists at Cardiff university are trying to understand how diamonds might be created out of thin air on Jupiter. Professor Oliver Williams simulates Jupiter's lightning-charged atmosphere in the lab. I'm using an airtight chamber that I've sucked all the air out to make a vacuum. I'm gonna flow in hydrogen and methane gas. So, I'm flowing in 99% hydrogen and 1% methane, and this is like the atmosphere of Jupiter. But the experiment really begins when Oliver adds the final ingredient... Lightning. I'm gonna break this gas down using high-power microwaves. This is very like lightning, where the high electric field is breaking down the air - and making these - lightning bolts. Microwaves, like lightning on Jupiter, break down hydrogen and methane gas. It glows purple as the atoms break apart. So, diamond is fundamentally made out of carbon. Methane is actually carbon with four hydrogen atoms, and we're able to strip these hydrogen away. The microwaves release carbon atoms from methane gas. The atoms join together to form a diamond. Inside this chamber, a slice of diamond literally grows out of thin air. So, what we've done is, we've broken down these gasses - that you do see - in places like Jupiter. - And from this chemistry, - we've grown a crystalline form of carbon, which is diamond. Experiments like this suggest diamonds form like hail in Jupiter's lightning storms. But something even more extraordinary happens as they fall. As the diamonds are zapped into existence, they begin to descend through the atmosphere as diamond hail stones. They plummet thousands of miles through Jupiter's atmosphere, towards the core, racing into higher and higher pressures and temperatures. When they hit 14,400 degrees, they melt, creating a shower of liquid diamond raindrops. But what comes next is an even more bizarre theoretical possibility. Diamond rain could lead to a sparkling diamond ocean far below. Jupiter's world may be stranger than science fiction. By borrowing Jupiter's technique, it's possible to make any size of diamond. I've been able to grow a very thin layer of diamond, - and this is over - quite a large area. This is 2 inches. It's only a few hundred nanometers thick, - but if we grow for longer, - we're able to grow much more diamond, and much thicker. Diamonds we find on earth are millions of years old. But by mimicking Jupiter's atmosphere, they can appear out of thin air. - The extreme physics - on Jupiter creates weather totally unlike anything on earth. The tremendous forces forge a unique world in our solar system. In fact, Jupiter behaves more like a star than a mere planet. Could Jupiter actually be the sun's secret twin? Jupiter is a planet of extremes... Moons larger than the planet Mercury, radiation stronger than anywhere else but the sun. It dwarfs every other planet in the solar system. So, was Jupiter meant to be a star? Just as the sun is made primarily of hydrogen, so is Jupiter. And so, it looks like a star, - only it's one - that's not burning. Jupiter is really massive, so, that's kind of unusual in the solar system, is to have a planet made of hydrogen. Scientists are beginning to understand how Jupiter formed by investigating what happened in the early solar system. They're hunting for clues by observing the birth of other distant stars. Deep in the deserts of California sits the Owens valley radio observatory. These dishes make up the Carma Radio Telescope array. This location is absolutely gorgeous. Astronomer John Tobin scans the skies for newborn stars. Rather than building one really big radio telescope, which is very difficult to do, they built a lot of small dishes. - Then, they linked - them together. - And the further apart - you move them, the higher resolution you get, which means it acts like a bigger telescope, and you can see finer detail. John is looking for protostars, brand-new stars that are only just condensing from a vast cloud of gas and debris. A protostar is a newborn star, so it's still in the process of forming and building up its mass. And in interstellar space, - there are clouds - of gas and dust, and at the center, a protostar will be born. Jupiter was formed from the same clouds of hydrogen gas and dust that form stars. Could it have formed like a protostar? John is finding evidence thousands of light-years away that explains how star systems form. This image is showing you that the black and the contours, they're the intensity of the radiation that we're detecting from this protostar. There's not just one protostar, but there's two protostars. So, these two peaks that you see here and here, those are the two forming protostars. It's a solar system very different from our own. And my first reaction to this was, "wow." I couldn't believe the detail that we were seeing towards this object. Because previously, we knew there was one thing there, but then we found out that there looks like there's at least two objects around this protostar. And so, that was unexpected. - We didn't know that - we were gonna find that, and so that was a surprise to us. Could Jupiter have once stood toe-to-toe with the sun? From the outside, each young star system looks alike, starting life as a spiraling disc of dust and gas. But what evolves inside can be very different. Deep in the middle of the disc, turbulence can cause the central cloud to split into two and collapse into not one, but two shining stars in the center. The stars orbit each other in a hypnotic dance. Born from the same cloud, this solar system has twin stars. Any dust and gas left over will go on to form planets. In our solar system, the sun is the only shining star. But another massive ball of hydrogen quietly orbits from afar... Jupiter. Could this planet be the sun's double that didn't ignite? Scientists believe that solar systems with twin suns are very common. Well, since that first result using these telescopes here, we've been carrying out a much larger survey of protostars, in order to see just how many star systems form with two or three or more stars. - And we're finding that - a surprisingly large number of star systems form with more than one star. John wants to try to discover the precise conditions that create these binary solar systems, where two stars orbit each other. We've been putting together a compendium of images of young star systems in order to find out - which ones are binary - or multiple. So, this one is a single-star system. This one here is a double. As many as half of all stars in the universe have a partner star, both formed from a single disc of gas and dust that breaks apart. - The system we were looking at - is located right here, where the clouds of gas are kind of stretched out and extended. - There might be - multiple centers of collapse that can lead to the formation of more than one star. A cloud of gas and dust that is stretched out will likely collapse into multiple stars very close to each other. John thinks our solar system must have formed in a different way. So, we think our own solar system may have looked something more like this one, where you have just one star surrounded by its disc, and then the disc itself is lower mass and is not going to fragment into more than one star. Scientists believe the type of hydrogen cloud that gave rise to our solar system cut short Jupiter's quest to become a star. In its race to grow up, the sun got a head start, sucking up 99% of all the matter in the young solar system. When it reached 27 million degrees, it ignited. Meanwhile, the same cloud was condensing into Jupiter, rapidly snowballing to collect two-thirds of all the matter left over. - But there was not enough - matter left for Jupiter to get big enough to ignite, so it became a gas giant more than double the mass of all other planets in the solar system combined. No normal planet, Jupiter is the star's younger sibling. It would make sense to think, "well, where is the sun's binary partner?" And immediately, the mind goes to Jupiter. If Jupiter - had gathered enough mass to ignite into a star, it's unlikely that the earth would have ever been formed. The solar system would be a very different place with twin suns. Instead, Jupiter became the most extraordinary world in the solar system. Everything about Jupiter is extreme. Its mass is more than 300 times that of earth. You could fit 1,000 earths inside this one planet. - It has a magnetic - field so intense, - it would kill you - with the radiation. Its winds blow at over 400 miles an hour. I mean, can you imagine a more extreme place? To me, Jupiter is perhaps the most fascinating object in our solar system. It's certainly the most alien. It is an enormous, strange ball of swirling gas surrounded by its own miniature planetary system. Formed at the very beginning of the solar system from the same material as the sun, Jupiter is a mysterious, bizarre, and unique world that we're only just beginning to understand. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 