Space's Deepest Secrets: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Space's Deepest Secrets 
 s1e7 - Attack of the Space Junk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Space's Deepest Secrets (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Attack of the Space Junk - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  narrator: in the beginning,   the universe...  was a bit of a letdown,   really.  abel: for millions of years   after the big bang,  things were actually   rather boring.  it's just this soup.  loeb: the big bang was not   the moment of creation.  narrator:   the real moment of creation  came 100 million years later.  there was this magical, if you   like, metaphysical moment.  narrator: the cosmic dawn.  bromm:   the moment of first light.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 narrator:   it wasn't really our univers  until the first star was born.  tingay:   the first stars are   fundamental to how  abel: they're like   the rock stars in the   universe.  they live fast and die young.  narrator: the first star   lit up the universe...  bromm: for the first time   in cosmic history,  the universe really is   getting interesting.  narrator: ...and began forging   the ingredients  that made you, me,   and everything around us.  loeb:   it was the starting point  that led to   the appearance of life.  narrator: astronomers   are now trying to witness  and understand   this moment of creation.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 dunlop: i guess what we're   trying to achieve is  see the beginning of things.  loeb: we are dealing   with a scientific version  of the story of genesis.  "let there be light."  captions paid for by   discovery communications  narrator:   our story started with a hot,  ...the big bang, often   credited   as being the moment of   creation.  loeb: the big bang  arranged the initial   conditions   of the universe.  early on, the universe   was very bright.  the temperature of the   radiation   was very high,  much higher than we find at  the centers of stars nowadays.  but as the universe expanded,   it cooled off.  narrator:   and as it cooled,  the universe became darker   and darker.  the lights went out, and   our universe was nothing more  than a vast, black fog   of hydrogen.  welcome to the dark ages.  loeb: several million years   after the big bang,  the universe   was dark and boring,  filled with cold hydrogen   atoms   floating through space.  all the things we treasure   did not exist.  the big bang was not   the moment of creation.  narrator: the big bang   gets all the credit,  but in reality,   it merely set the stage.  it created space and time,  a brief flash of light,   and some hydrogen fog,  but nothing that you or i   would recognize  as our present-day universe.  but somehow the universe   transformed itself  from dark and boring  to a place filled with stars  and, eventually,   planets and life.  figuring out   the almost 14-billion year  history of our universe  is like researching   your ancestry,  when no ancestors   left any records,  and some relatives   are in hiding.  loeb:   our cosmic family book.  that's an image of the earth   from the moon,  a quite beautiful image.  this is our home.  and, of course, we would like   to trace our cosmic roots  all the way back   to where we started.  narrator:   we have some brilliant   pictures   of our universe as it is to  our solar system...  ...our milky way galaxy...  and our galactic neighbors.  and if we go to   the very beginning of the   album,  we also have   one spectacular image.  where it all began.  narrator: this picture shows   the cosmic microwave   background  from a mere 400,000 years   after the big bang.  loeb: this is an image   of the infant universe,  and that image shows us  the conditions   in the very early universe.  narrator:   but after that image,  there is a gap,   a period of darkness and fog   --  the dark ages.  we don't have photos of those.  these are the missing pages   in our photo album.  "the universe --   the cosmic photo album."  yep, that's worth a blow-up.  [ laughs ]  i guess this is the famous   cosmic dark ages.  [ laughs, mutters ]  narrator: astronomers are   desperate to fill in the   blanks.  somewhere in these   missing pages,  the first star was born...  [ both laughing ]  still blank.  ...a moment of transformation  when the dark fog gave way   to a universe of light...  these are the bits   that we want to fill in.  how dark is it?  narrator:   ...the real moment of   creation,  when light and matter   came into being.  the first star probably formed   about here.  somewhere in these pages.  narrator:   astronomers around the world  are devising  a variety of ingenious methods  to capture an image of that   first light in the universe.  at the edinburgh   royal observatory,  jim dunlop and ross mclure   are tunneling deep into space  to see the true dawn   of the universe.  dunlop:   what we're trying to achieve   is see the begin  see when the first structures   in the universe formed,  first stars, first galaxies.  narrator: they have been using   the hubble space telescope  to take one of its most   important pictures ever.  they arranged  for the hubble space telescope  to spend almost 44 days taking  one very ambitious photograph.  we're looking at   an ordinary patch of sky.  in this case, a little bit   to the right of orion.  but it's a tiny, tiny area   smaller than my fingernail  that looks blank   to the human eye.  narrator: it may look blank   with the naked eye,  but hubble is allowing   jim and ross  to tunnel deeper   into the distant universe  than ever before.  dunlop: we're trying   to look back as far as we can  to the beginning of time,  as close to the big bang   as we can manage.  here, we have orion,  a constellation   that many people will   recognize.  and we're zooming in,   tunneling in.  narrator:   to tunnel through space a  from the most distant objects   in the university,  they used what may be  the longest exposure   in cosmic history.  during the course of 650   orbits,   they pointed hubble  at the same tiny thumbnail   patch   of dark sky for 100 hours.  dunlop: we go deeper,   tunneling into deep space,  and we start to see   very faint galaxies appear.  narrator: as they tunnel,  they are reaching further   and further back in time,  because the further away   something is,  the longer its light   has taken to reach us.  and what we see   of a distant object  is how it looked   in the distant past.  one of the simplest ways   to look at is to realize  that even the sun is seen   as it was eight minutes ago.  so, if the sun disappeared,  we wouldn't know   for eight minutes.  and if jupiter disappeared,   we wouldn't know  for about an hour,   or something like that.  what's really staggering  is that once you get   to the nearest galaxy,  that delay is already   several million years.  narrator: which means that   we are seeing these galaxies  as they were  millions of years in the past.  deeper down the tunnel,   there are galaxies  that we see as they were   many billions of years ago.  dunlop: and here, we start   to come into this image  of what's called   the hubble ultra-deep field.  and these galaxies now,   we're seeing back  to within a billion years or   so   of the big bang.  dunlop: so, this here   is the deepest ever image  of the night sky ever taken.  narrator: the hubble   telescope's   deepest, most distant image,  shows us galaxies as they were   over 13 billion years ago.  that tiny, if you like, bore   hole that we made into the   sky.  so, it is a window   into a very different time.  mclure: we're the first people   to look at this data.  there's just one object   in there  from the thousands   that are in that image  that we identified   as being potentially the most   --  the most distant object   ever been seen by anyone.  this one here is the most   distant of all.  sort of zoomed in, it's just   literally a faint blob.  and there's only   a few photons of light  being collected   to see this object,  which we're seeing  only 500 million years   after the big bang.  narrator: this faint blob   turned   out to be an entire galaxy.  dunlop: see, it's not a star.   it's not point-like.  you can see   it's slightly extended,  which proves it's a galaxy.  and about 20 times smaller   than our milky way.  but that's about all we have   on this galaxy.  we can't even measure   its color very well.  it's only just   detected by hubble  in its very reddest   wavelength.  there's a certain excitement  to being the first person   to ever look at that image,  and from that image,  see this object   that nobody's ever seen   before.  let's put it   in the right place.  narrator:   ross and jim have identified  it's more than   13 billion years old.  you can do the sticking.   why not?  this image shows   one of the first galaxies,  billions of stars   gathered together.  which way up is it?  but the first individual star   is not in this galaxy.  we will need other tools   to see that.  at siding spring observatory   in australia,  stefan keller is trying to see  the very first star  to ever light up the universe.  he's not staring at  the furthest reaches of space.  he's looking   much closer to home.  the star we're most familiar   with is, of course, our own   sun.  keller: here we are   on top of the mountains  catching the last rays   of the sun.  and the sun   is very special for us,  but it's a very average   sort of star.  it's been around  for about 4.6 billion years --  1/3 of the lifetime   of the universe.  narrator:   that may sound like a long   time,  but it's pretty typical   for stars in our galaxy.  keller: what we're looking for   are those very rare stars  that are amongst the oldest   stars that are out there.  narrator: stars can be   100,000 times bigger than   earth,  but all stefan has   available for study  is a pinprick of light.  keller: light is all   that we have to work with.  we need special ways  of dissecting the starlight   that is coming to us  so that we can understand   where they've come from,  how old they are.  when we decode that,   we can uniquely identify  some of the oldest stars   that remain with us today.  narrator:   by analyzing starlight,  stefan can see   what the star is made of.  and if he knows that,   he can estimate the star's   age.  keller:   stars are fundamental to life,  that have created everything   that we need on earth.  the rocks that we see have   been   formed inside a stellar   interior  and then thrown back   out into the universe.  the gold and the silver   in the rings on my finger,  they've all been made   in a supernova.  there's no other place   in the universe  that you can create elements   like that.  narrator:   after a lifetime forging  a star will eventually   run out of fuel.  many then explode   in a massive supernova,  spewing out a cloud of debris   into interstellar space.  this rich cloud is then   recycled  into the next generation   of stars.  keller:   again and again and again,  this cosmic recycling   has taken place.  in a star like the sun,  there have been about 1,000   generations of stars before   it.  narrator: each generation has   a richer and richer   composition  of heavier and heavier   elements,  and particularly noticeable   is the buildup of iron.  keller: so, the amount of iron   is an arrow of time.  it shows us how old the star   is.  narrator: if you want to find   a very old star,  you need to find one   with very little iron.  the way to do that  is to look for a specific  but minute variation in color.  each night, stefan's robotic   skymapper telescope  captures the light   from nearly a million stars.  it automatically analyzes   the color of each one  and arranges them   on a graph for stefan  according to iron content.  so, we see most stars like the   sun have quite a lot of iron.  but then there's   this tail of objects  that don't have   much iron in them at all.  and they're the potential   needles in the haystack.  narrator: in 2013, skymapper   presented stefan with a star  that stood apart from all   others   on stefan's graph.  here you see about 100 or so   ordinary stars  scattered around the field,  and in the center   is the star that we   discovered.  narrator: this star had   incredibly low iron content.  at first, we thought we   must've   done something wrong here.  but we confirmed it   the next night.  and that's when things   really got exciting.  narrator: the next step  was to take a much closer look  with a much bigger telescope.  keller:   we were lucky enough  to find some telescope time   over in chile,  and we stared at this one star   the entire night,  building up a very detailed   spectrum of the star.  there are a number of things   that we saw  that we just hadn't   ever seen before.  what we see here   is a spectrum of light  from a star   that's similar to the sun.  this is like a fingerprint   from the star,  and it tells us how much iron,   magnesium, and calcium  is inside that star.  and you can see that there's   quite a lot of lines here.  in the case of our star,   which is at the top here,  all we see   are the lines of hydrogen,  and a little bit here,   which is carbon.  and, so, it's quite   a different recipe.  and, indeed, we just don't see  any iron detectable   in this star.  and we knew that we were   onto something very exciting,  'cause we had never seen   a star like this before.  narrator:   a star with no detectable iron   must've been made very early  in the process   of cosmic recycling.  it's been around   for 13.6 billion years.  it's a very pristine star.  it formed very early on  in the history of the universe  before much stellar recycling   had taken place.  narrator: stefan had   discovered   the oldest star ever seen.  it's been burning   for 13.6 billion years --  not quite the first star,   but almost.  in fact, what we're able to do   with this star  is, for the first time, say  that there was only one star   that preceded it.  narrator:   stefan's star had to have been   formed from the exploding d  of one of the very first stars   in the universe.  stefan's image   of a second-generation star  takes us closer to the dark   ages   than ever before.  ah. here we are.  that looks like the right   spot.  this is a star that predates   the milky way galaxy itself.  narrator:   but we must go even further,  because even before this  came the very first generation   of stars of the cosmic dawn.  the first stars came together   in a dark sea of hydrogen   atoms.  bromm: as you go back  to this time of the dark ages,  the universe looked   completely different.  if you had a human observer   translated back in time,  you would see a completely   dark,   boring, featureless universe   --  an utterly alien place,   it would appear to us.  it was a universe   without any light.  there were no stars,   no galaxies.  narrator: just a collection   of lone hydrogen atoms  and the odd bit of helium   spread out in a diffuse fog.  bromm: hydrogen would be  in its most primitive state --  single hydrogen atoms.  and, basically,   we would have, say,  a volume of the size   of my stretched-out arms.  then in this volume,  you would particularly have   one hydrogen atom.  narrator: so diffuse   that if a hydrogen atom  was the size   of a ping pong ball,  the next closest one   would be halfway to the moon.  bromm: so, we have   this very diffuse universe.  how do we get stars out of   this?  narrator:   volker bromm decided  the only way to get a picture   of the first star  was to build one from scratch,  one hydrogen atom at a time.  it was time   to forget the telescopes  and use a supercomputer.  narrator:   astronomer volker bromm  to create an image  of the first star ever formed.  bromm: we can input   into the supercomputers  all the laws of physics,  from, as we say,   first principle.  we can put in   the initial conditions,  because initial conditions   is what we see here.  there are no missing pieces.  we have all the laws of   physics  that describe the behavior   of these basic ingredients,  and at that point,   we set up the computer,  and then we let it go.  [ operatic singing ]  narrator: the scale of the   calculation seems impossible   --  to model the behavior  of vast clouds   of primordial hydrogen gas,  trillions of hydrogen atoms,   one interaction at a time,  and to ask the question,   "will they form a star?"  bromm: at first, you might   think   this is hopeless.  how do we get things like   stars   out of this?  but what really then kicks in   is the force of gravity.  the force of gravity   has an infinite reach.  it reaches over  far stretches of the universe,  millions of light-years.  so, the force of gravity, in   a way, is a very patient   force.  narrator: tiny fluctuations   left over from the big bang  meant some regions were ever   so   slightly more dense than   others,  allowing gravity   to work its magic.  bromm: gravity would very,   very slowly act  to clump matter together.  certain regions of space  where then the density   of primordial stuff  is larger than the rest.  and then what would happen is   millions of years,  million of years   would create and attract  more and more material.  narrator:   eventually, gravity would pull   such a vast collection of a  so incredibly close together   under such extreme pressure,  that it could trigger   nuclear fusion,  and a star could be born.  but even as gravity is pulling  the gas atoms closer together,  there's another force   trying to push them apart.  bromm:   and it comes together.  when we compress gas,   then it also is heated up.  and at some point, the heat --   we basically have random   motion.  and the random motion will   basically prevent gravity  from condensing the gas   any further.  narrator: the more  that gravity squeezes inwards,  the more the gas heats up   and pushes outwards.  it's a stalemate.  and then the important   question   is, "can this gas,  this primordial gas,  can this get rid of the heat?"  narrator: what tipped   the balance in favor of   gravity  were a few chance encounters   between hydrogen atoms.  bromm: very rarely, something   very dramatically happened.  you have the two hydrogen   atoms,  and they meet, and they form   hydrogen molecules.  narrator:   and, crucially, a pair like   this  are able to absorb   a tiny bit of heat  in a way that a lone atom   can't.  this is the key process  for the entire end   of the cosmic dark ages.  the gas can cool.  gravity can take over   and eventually create   conditions  that are so extreme in terms   of temperature and density  that you can trigger   nuclear fusion.  you can eventually form,   out of this material, stars.  [ operatic singing ]  narrator:   the first star is born.  the first light of the   universe   is created.  the gas has collapsed   for millions of years  into the center of the system,  and now, for the first time   in cosmic history,  we see the moment   of first light,  the moment   that the first star formed.  narrator:   after 100 million years,  this was how the dark ages   finally came to an end.  the first stars were giants --  100 times or more   the mass of the sun.  bromm:   that has dramatic   consequences,  because massive stars   have a very different life,  a much more violent life  than the kind of low-mass star   that the sun is.  they would be 20 times   hotter...  ...shining ultraviolet blue...  ...10 million times   more luminous than the sun.  narrator:   volker bromm's supercomputer  of the first stars ever to   shine   in the darkness of space.  bromm: the one picture   that really captures  this metaphysical moment   of first light  would be like this,  a supercomputer frame   that shows the very first   star.  narrator:   it's a realistic image  of the first light   from the first-ever star.  let's patch it in  just at the end   of the cosmic dark ages,  because this is   when it happened.  narrator:   it shows the moment when,  from the impenetrable fog   of the dark ages,  light finally dawned   on the universe.  loeb: soon after   the first star formed,  a few million years later,  another star formed   somewhere else.  and then the process   accelerated.  narrator: after 100 million   years of darkness,  lights were coming on   across the universe.  loeb:   it grew up exponentially.  very quickly, within tens   of millions of years,  there were plenty of stars   filling up the universe.  narrator:   this was the era that so many   astronomers have searched for  the cosmic dawn.  loeb: the cosmic dawn   would've been spectacular.  new galaxies were forming   out of darkness.  this age of enlightenment was  a very dynamic period of time.  narrator: these great furnaces   start forging  the more useful ingredients   of the universe.  abel: all of a sudden,   it gets interesting.  for the first time,   new elements are being made.  they take hydrogen,   turn it into helium.  helium gets combined   to make carbon,  and we go to oxygen, and so   on.  narrator: deep in their   hearts,   the first giant stars  began the transformation   of matter,  producing the heavy elements   necessary for life.  they were huge  but so hot that they burned   through their fuel quickly.  abel: they can only live   for a very short time --  only a few million years.  that's really nothing.  we often say they're like   the rock stars in the   universe.  they live fast and die young.  and so, by the time   you make another one,  over here, this one   may already be ready to die.  narrator:   when they died, they died in  a hypernova --  the biggest explosions   ever seen in the universe.  stars were appearing   and disappearing.  it's like fireworks.  it's very dynamic.  loeb:   these were the very first   events  that spewed out   the heavy elements  and led to the formation of   the second generation of   stars.  narrator: for the first time,   stars were made,  light was produced,   and heavy elements were   forged.  and yet, the dramatic events   of the cosmic dawn  were still shrouded   behind a veil of fog.  abel: those first stars --   very bright, you know?  they could be a million times   as bright as our own sun,  giving off tons and tons   of light.  but the light's not getting   very far yet.  actually, most of it   gets sort of stopped  by all this fog of hydrogen.  narrator:   atoms of neutral hydrogen  filled the space  between the giant first stars.  abel:   as the light leaves the   surface of the st  it gets stopped,   so it couldn't get to us yet.  so the universe at this point   is still opaque.  narrator: tom abel uses   supercomputer simulations  to model these first stars   and the fog  to see how the universe   became transparent.  abel: what we'd like to do   is try and predict the past.  what we have here is   one of the first stars   forming.  there's a whole filament of   gas.   that was all that hydrogen   gas.  now, see, everything that gets   blue here gets really hot.  that's the ultraviolet   radiation   from this star  affecting everything  up to thousands of light-years   away from that star.  the radiation that they give  off, as it's trying to escape,  ionizes hydrogen gas.  but as a consequence,  you actually make things   transparent.  radiation hits the fog.  fog gets transparent.  now my boundary to the fog   is further away.  radiation in the next little   bit   can go a little further.  so, i make these bubbles.  narrator:   each star created a clearing  blowing a bubble   of transparent space.  abel: the simplest way to   think  about it is some swiss cheese.  as their light travels out,   it changes the "cheese."  our air bubbles are growing,   and we make ever larger ones.  in this way   of thinking about it,  at the end, we end up   with no cheese at all.  [ laughs ]   all the bubbles are so big  that the light from those   objects really travel freely.  narrator:   this image shows the cosmic  as the first light clears a   path   through the universe.  abel:   we're not even complete yet.  some parts of the universe   are still neutral and opaque.  but there it goes.   the whole fog lifts,  and all the galaxies   are revealed.  re-ionization would be   complete   somewhere in these pages.  narrator: tom's models   offer an explanation  for how our universe   finally became transparent.  shall we glue it in?   maybe with a light glue.  [ laughs ]  in case we have to correct it.  narrator: the theories and   computer models are valid,  but there's still testing   to be done in the real world.  narrator:   steven tingay is trying to see  but he's doing it   in an unexpected way.  he's trying to tune in   to radio hydrogen.  [ rock music playing ]  first light tonight  first light tomorrow  first light this morning  tingay:   well, in the early universe,  there were vast amounts   of hydrogen,  and each one   of those hydrogen atoms  can randomly give off   a radio wave.  and, so, we can tune   our telescope  to that radio frequency,  and then we're tuning in   to the hydrogen gas.  first light this morning  first light this evening  first light tonight  been looking back  narrator:   unfortunately, the band of   radio where hyd  is already filled with music   and news here on earth.  first, i was an ancient  hydrogen gas   produces radio waves  at a very specific frequency.  that's similar   to sort of f.m. radio  by the time they get to us.  so, it means that we've got to   build our telescopes  in areas where  there's no human interference.  so, you can't have f.m. radio.   you can't have tv.  you can't have mobile phones,   traffic on the road,  or anything like that.  first light tonight  first light this evening  first light this morning  distance is the only cure,  so we need to be in the middle   of nowhere, basically.  narrator: murchison county,   western australia,  is bigger than massachusetts   and rhode island combined,  but with less than   150 residents.  then i found it  i did it finally, oh  it's a terrible place  if you want radio, television,   or cellphone service.  i prayed till it was gone  my all in light  but it's the perfect place  to hear radio   from the beginning of time.  this is steven's telescope,  the murchison widefield array,   or mwa.  tingay: so, what we've got   here   are the antennas.  we have a cluster   of 16 of them here.  so, you can build   a lot of antennas  and get a very   sensitive telescope.  narrator: 2,000 antennas   spread   out over 1/3 of a square mile  are sensitive enough   to receive radio waves  that have traveled more than   13 billion light-years.  tingay: so, that gas outside   the   bubble produces the radio   waves.  no radio waves from the   bubble.  and so, for us,   we're sort of looking  for this swiss-cheese pattern   of bubbles and holes  in the hydrogen gas   distribution.  narrator: although it's not   possible to see the first   stars,  it should be possible   with this radio telescope  to find clues about the way  they cleared the hydrogen fog.  tingay: we don't actually see   the stars themselves.  we see the effect of the star   on its environment.  this is an actual image   made from the mwa data.  this is a patch of the sky  that's around about   30 degrees across,  so it's quite a big   chunk of sky.  so, we're looking through   our atmosphere.  we're looking   through our galaxy.  we're looking through   most of the universe.  if you look carefully down   here,  you can see many, many specks,  and these are all   galaxies or quasars,  millions, billions   of light-years away.  so, we need to remove   each of these signals one by   one  in order to peel back   those layers.  and, hopefully,   what we're left with  is just the signature of the   gas   and the first stars forming  13 billion years ago.  narrator: this radio signal   will be our first direct   contact  with the very first stars   in the universe.  tingay:   it's incredible to think  that in this very image  that i'm looking at right now,  that signal exists.  what's really special for me   is being able to look at this  while sort of sitting   in an ancient landscape  where we've actually built the   telescope and collected the   data  from these signals   that have traversed  billions of light-years   throughout the universe.  so, it's just astonishing  on a number of different   levels   for me.  loeb: we are all curious   where we came from.  we are now at a special time  that allows us to explore   these questions   scientifically.  we are able to peer   deep into space  and see those very early   sources of light  that tell us   how we came into existence.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 