Space's Deepest Secrets: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Space's Deepest Secrets 
 s2e8 - Race to Planet 9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Space's Deepest Secrets (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Race to Planet 9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The solar system... our home. But how well do we really know our own corner of the cosmos? There are all kinds of things - we don't know - about the solar system. Astronomers now believe that the solar system could hide an extraordinary secret... A missing planet. There might be a large planet out there 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - on the edges - of the solar system. Where could an extra planet, planet nine, have come from... And where is it hiding now? Finding planet nine is not gonna be easy. It might take years, but we will get it. Astronomers are undertaking a historic quest to discover the mysterious ninth planet that might lurk out of sight 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 93 billion miles from the sun. Captions by Vitac... captions paid for by discovery communications the solar system... Our cosmic neighborhood. Over the past 50 years, we've explored nearly all of its alien worlds. We've observed the planets in the solar system, - we've visited them - with spacecraft, - but does that mean - we understand the solar system? Absolutely not. - It's the place - we've observed the most over the last 400 years of telescopic astronomy, yet there are still enormous mysteries waiting for us in the solar system. It's amazing to me to think that there may be hidden parts of our very own home that we haven't even gotten around to discovering yet. Today, astronomers are making discoveries that will transform our understanding of the solar system... Discoveries that suggest something massive is out there waiting to be found. This is Palomar observatory. Its massive dome houses a 200-inch telescope. 80 years after its construction, it's still one of the largest in the world. This dome is enormous. - It's actually the same size, - almost exactly, as the pantheon in Rome. Caltech astronomer Gregg Halinan is on a mission to map the frozen lumps of ice and rock at the far edge of the solar system. If, as some scientists believe, there's a massive object hidden beyond Neptune, it should leave its Mark here. All the worlds in the solar system orbit the sun... Four rocky planets... Two gas giants... And two ice giants... But beyond the eight planet, Neptune, lies the mysterious Kuiper belt... A vast region nearly two billion miles across, where countless lumps of ice and rock drift through the darkness. Now, on the belt's outer fringes, scientists have found evidence of a massive and mysterious presence. To map the lumps of frozen debris in the Kuiper belt, Gregg mounts his specially designed camera, chimera, onto the telescope. Up slow. If anything slips out of place, it's a long way down. With chimera installed, the Palomar scope is ready for a night with the stars. Oy! Full systems online. Excellent. - -Wunderbar. - -Let's flip the cameras. Gregg's colleague, Hilke Schlichting, - has developed - a clever technique to hunt for distant lumps of rocky debris in the Kuiper belt. Okay. Good. Hilke and Gregg want to find out how much debris lurks in this shadowy region of space. - And we're about to - take some science data. Some lumps of ice and rock in the Kuiper belt are so distant and so small that they reflect very little light. They're almost impossible to detect directly, but Hilke has figured out a clever way to track them down. We tried to catch them when they move in front of a background star. In the brightness of a star. She looks for shadows - as the Kuiper belt's - frozen body blot out the light from distant stars, much like an eclipse. But these eclipses last for just a fraction of a second. To have any chance of catching these fleeting events, chimera must image thousands of stars in quick succession. We've got two cameras, and each camera's making 40 images per second, and in each of those images, you've got 5,000 stars. And we're gonna do this for 70 nights. Hilke has programmed software to make sense of this massive data. It automatically hunts for the dips in the light coming from these 5,000 stars. This is the light from a star, and we see here that the light we receive is decreased significantly during this time here, - and then - it goes back to normal. And this is the time during which the Kuiper belt objects moves in front of the background star, blocking some of the light. Every piece of Kuiper belt debris that chimera spots reveals more of our solar system's secrets. But a few of these icy rocks have orbits that don't play by the solar system's rule book. The most famous Kuiper belt object of all is Pluto. Once considered a planet, it's the biggest lump of rock and ice out here. And when it comes to the rules of orbiting our sun, Pluto is a bit of a Rouge. As Pluto orbits, it rises far above and then dives below the main Kuiper belt. And there's another bunch of objects out here whose orbits are even more extreme... So extreme that there must be another force in place. Could the gravity of a massive ninth planet be hurling these lumps of frozen rock and ice in all directions? The search is on for the mysterious planet nine within our solar system, and in Pasadena, at the California institute of technology, Konstantin Batygin models the orbits of Kuiper belt objects using a supercomputer. To generate a single realization of the evolutionary history of the solar system in a supercomputer, it takes about three weeks. To explain the Kuiper belt's chaotic orbits, Konstantin must first rule out any gravitational effect due to the planet Neptune. This huge ice giant orbits closest to the Kuiper belt. What we have here is a top-down view of the solar system. What we see here in purple are the most distant Kuiper belt objects. What's remarkable is that all of these orbits tend to point in the same overall direction. They all swing out in the same way within the solar system. Konstantin doesn't believe that Neptune's gravity alone is responsible for the strange orbits of these objects. This configuration can only be explained by the existence of a ninth planet in the solar system. Neptune's gravity does, indeed, influence the path of objects in the Kuiper belt. But recently, we realized that there was something else going on, - that the orbits - were being lined up in a way that Neptune couldn't do. - There must be - something else out there, and it must be pretty big. A new planet in the solar system would be a mind-blowing discovery. If there really is a planet nine out there, our best guess for what it looks like would be that it's something a bit like Neptune. It's an icy world surrounded by an envelope of hydrogen and helium gas. Scientists predict that planet nine should be an astonishing 93 billion miles from earth. It would take 10,000 years to orbit the sun. The light it reflects would take a week to reach our telescopes. To understand why this potential world could exist so far away, we need to know how the solar system was born. So there we have some pretty good ideas about how planets form. Our theories are still very incomplete. What we do know is that the solar system started with a bang. Four and a half billion years ago, our sun ignites into a thermonuclear fireball. Around it spins a huge disk, 9 billion miles across with no trace of any planets. There's nothing but gas and clouds of super-fine dust. The particles are 4,000 times smaller than a grain of sand, with virtually no gravity between them. So how did eight massive planets, and maybe a ninth, form from a feeble cloud of leftover stardust? At Bremen in Germany, a huge tower rising above the city should provide the answer. Jurgen Blum is a professor of extra-terrestrial physics at Bremen university. I've been working on this for half of my life, actually, and when I wake up every morning, - I cannot stop thinking - about it. We're on the top of the Bremen drop-tower, 130 meters above the experiment. Planet formation starts off with very, very tiny dust particles, and they have to come together and collide and stick. Jurgen Blum recreates - the conditions - in which planets are born. To investigate how dust clumps in a newborn solar system, Jurgen uses very fine chalk, a capsule rigged with a camera and a 479-foot tower that lets him cheat gravity. We're shooting up the whole capsule at really high speeds. It will fly up and come down, and all together, we have just over 9 seconds of almost perfect micro-gravity conditions. Micro-gravity allows the dust in the capsule to behave exactly as it does in space. Inside the control room, Jurgen and the team purge the drop-tower of air to create a vacuum and launch the dust capsule. Can Jurgen's experiment uncover the secrets of how planets are born? Eins, zwei, drei, vier... In Bremen, Germany, Jurgen Blum and his team recreate the conditions in which planets are born, using very fine chalk, a capsule rigged with a camera, and a 479-foot tower that lets him cheat gravity. The mechanical catapult fires the capsule. It shoot up at 104 miles per hour. It then drops back down, creating weightless conditions inside. High-speed cameras capture the entire flight, and Jurgen immediately checks out the results. I'm actually pretty excited here, - because we've really gained - something. I think there is scientific content in that movie. The dust grains are free to float unhindered by gravity, but they still feel a force... A surface force caused by tiny variations in each dust particle's electrical charge. This force sticks the dust particles together into clumps. Here, we're seeing a clump that is about to collide with another clump and stick to it, like at the moment. And so, the velocity was slow enough for the two clusters to stick together. We're really seeing the effect of the surface force that makes the particles stick. This is what scientists think kickstarted the birth of our planets. Inside a whirling cloud of primordial dust, particles begin to cling to one another, just as they do in Jurgen's experiment. They create marble-sized dust balls. As the balls collide, they stick and grow larger. Once they reach half a mile across, gravity kicks in and sucks in more and more material. What started as a tiny ball of dust has become a massive lump of solid rock. In cosmic terms, the formation of our solar system took place really quickly. Maybe in just a few tens of millions of years to go from a clump of interstellar gas and dust to a set of young planets. Scientists now better understand how a dust cloud condenses into planets. But there's still a lot about planets they can't explain. We know a lot about the solar system, but we don't know a lot of things, either. In particular, there are various theories of the formation of the solar system. - Where did the giant planets - form? - Where did - the terrestrial planets form? Scientists must answer these questions if they're to understand how a ninth planet may have formed. This is the very large array at Socorro, new Mexico. Its two dozen giant dishes allow astronomers to watch planets as they are born. As an astronomer, being able to come out here and actually be around the telescopes, the only way I can put it is it's fantastic and it's good for my soul. Dr. Claire Chandler uses this giant radio telescope to investigate alien solar systems. She wants to find out exactly how far from their parent stars planets form. Is it even possible to form a planet like the proposed planet nine, so far away from the sun? To use the very large array for our science, it is just... It's just awe-inspiring. The solar system Claire has her sights set on is Hl Tauri, 450 light years from earth. Recent observations have made the star and its surroundings a tantalizing target. Claire uses the very large array to take a closer look. So when I first observed hl Tauri... When I saw this fantastic structure within the disk that had all these rings, both dark and light rings. Hl Tauri is a star much like our own sun, except for one big difference. Hl Tauri is only one million years old. This is the birth of a solar system. The huge disk of dust, 18 billion miles across, spins around the new star. What makes it so special is that it has a really massive disk of gas and dust around it that we think is going to end up looking like the solar system. Claire's radio telescope can peer through the dust to reveal the detailed structure of hl Tauri's rings. The image it produces reveals the distribution of dust particles that will form planets around the star. This image means Claire doesn't have to rely on theory alone to find out how planets form. She can finally watch the process for real. In that very inner ring, we actually found a significant clump of the larger particles coming together and accumulating. Hiding in the dust around hl Tauri is a spectacular discovery... A gigantic swarm of dust the same distance from its star as our own ice giants. Inside, pebble-sized dust balls spin in huge vortices. The vortices create the ideal conditions for the formation of larger objects... Maybe even baby planets. This cloud of whirling dust could be a planet factory. The dust ring around hl Tauri looks set to produce a solar system very similar to our own. But strikingly, at the distance scientists predict planet nine is from our sun, there isn't enough material to form a planet. As you go further away from the central star and the disk, then the material becomes cooler, it is less dense, and it just becomes harder to form a planet. Claire's work helps to define where massive planets can form... But scientists predict that planet nine orbits the sun way beyond this limit. So how could it get there? The answer requires a revolution in the way we think about the whole solar system. We actually think that that may not be the case, that back in the deep past, around 4 billion to 4.5 billion years ago, - things may have been arranged - somewhat differently. For the longest time, - we've assumed that the solar - system is pretty stable. Recently, we realized we may have been very, very wrong about that. Liftoff of the delta ii rocket... liftoff. New missions to uncharted worlds are revealing that our solar system has changed more than we ever realized. Astronomers believe that a ninth planet could be hiding at the edge of our solar system. But how such a massive world can end up so far from the sun is an unsolved mystery. Scientists believe the answer may be found in the newly explored worlds of the asteroid belt. Asteroids have gotten a bad rap in space movies. You see this debris of rocks that you have to go through, or you have to... collide, and disaster will unfold. So, asteroids in the great asteroid belt are kind of an extraordinary mixture of pieces of primordial planet formation, chunks of matter that never were incorporated into a planet. The asteroid belt is a time capsule. It's a remnant of the disk of rock and ice that gave birth to all the solar system's planets. And surprisingly, it may help provide the answer to why a potential planet nine has ended up so far away from the sun. At NASA's jet propulsion laboratory, scientists are finally revealing the ancient secrets of the asteroid belt. Marc Rayman is director and chief engineer of the dawn space mission. Right now dawn is orbiting dwarf planet Ceres more than a million times farther away from earth - than the international - space station, and the spacecraft is spiraling around Ceres, gradually moving to a higher and higher orbit. Is to investigate not one, but two of the belt's largest worlds... The 329-mile-wide Vesta, and the even larger Ceres, which at 590 miles across contains one third of the mass of the entire asteroid belt. This world, a planet that never was, could help explain planet nine's extreme location so far away from the sun. We are pushing humankind's technology and capability to its limits. These are among the last uncharted worlds in the inner solar system, and both Vesta and Ceres were in the process of growing to become full-sized planets almost 4.6 billion years ago - when their growth - was cut off. Dawn's camera sends back the most detailed photographs of Ceres ever taken. And they reveal something extraordinary. As dawn began photographing Ceres, the first thing we notice was this bright spot, and it was just mesmerizing, and the closer we got, the more intriguing these spots became. These bright spots are a clue that something incredible lies beneath Ceres' crust... An ocean of water ice. There could be more water frozen inside this dwarf planet than there is fresh water on planet earth. When the sun hits Ceres, some of the ice beneath the surface vaporizes and drags traces of minerals up from the depths. Over time, this leaves bright patches of salt on the surface, telltale signs that there is more to Ceres than meets the eye. To find this much frozen water so close to the sun is surprising, and when dawn looks even closer at Ceres' surface, the results only deepen the mystery. We found quite a surprise with the chemistry on Ceres that is it incorporates ammonia. Now, this is a familiar chemical here on earth. People use it as a cleaner at home. But it's not expected in that part of the solar system. Ammonia, like water, can freeze into an ice. But in the solar system... Grains of ammonia ice only become frozen if they are much further away from the sun than the asteroid belt. But at Ceres current location, it should have been too warm for ammonia to be incorporated into the forming planets. It should have been incorporated much farther from the sun, farther than Jupiter is, perhaps even farther than Neptune is. And so why it's in Ceres really is a mystery. The evidence points to an intriguing possibility. Ceres could be an intruder from the frozen wastes of the outer solar system, the home of the proposed planet nine. One possibility is that maybe Ceres formed much farther from the sun than it is now, where it was cold enough to incorporate ammonia, and then then the subsequent gravitational jostling of the planets moved Ceres into where it is now. How could jostling planets move a dwarf planet across a solar system? And what can this incredible journey reveal about planet nine? One of the big ideas in the last 20, 30 years has been planet migration, - the idea that planets are born - in one part and move to another part of their solar systems. The only way to get the populations of asteroids that we see with the orbits that they have is to have Jupiter move into the inner solar system, and then turn around and move back out. Over its 4-and-a-half-billion-year lifetime, the solar system has undergone a remarkable transformation, a transformation driven by Jupiter. Scientists now believe that Jupiter, a planet 300 times more massive than earth, has undertaken an incredible voyage through the solar system. As this renegade giant swept inwards early in the solar system's history, it carried Ceres with it. Jupiter dragged the dwarf planet all the way to the asteroid belt. Could such huge planetary migrations also explain why we appear to have a missing planet? High up at the lick observatory in California, astronomers are looking for more clues to support the extraordinary idea that our solar system has undergone some major transformations. Planet hunter Steve Vogt thinks our solar system is missing not one, but several planets. This is the primary mirror of the automated planet finder... 2.4-meter chunk of glass made at a cost of about $4 million that was born and bred to do one thing, which is to find planets around other stars. It does so every night, 365 nights a year. But even a robotic observatory needs an occasional checkup. Today, Steve and his team must clean the telescope's mirror. The surface of this glass is good to a fraction of a wavelength of light. - We're talking millionths - of an inch here. And it needs a new coating. - This aluminized coating - is all dirty, - so it needs to be stripped - and cleaned. - So, we're going to be taking - this whole mirror out. Steve and his team use the telescope to analyze the light from distant stars. All right. Wait a minute. A spotless mirror allows them to speed up their search for new star systems that harbor planets. As a planet orbits a star, what actually is happening is the star and the planet are orbiting each other about a common center. Much like two children on a see-saw would rock back and forth on the center point of the see-saw. As a planet orbits its star, the planet's gravity makes the star wobble. Steve analyzes the star's light to determine how big its wobble is, and from that, he can work out the size and orbit of the planet. After years of observations, Steve and his colleagues discovered something completely unexpected. Most of the rocky planets around distant stars are far larger than earth. These monsters can be up to 10 times bigger, earning them the name super-earths. Super-earths are unlike any planet in our solar system. A dense helium atmosphere... Blankets a rocky surface that bakes in stellar radiation. Thanks to tight orbits around their parent starts, these planets look more like hell than earth. They may seem exotic and alien to us, but in the cosmos today, super-earths aren't the exception. They're the rule. What we've realized is that our solar system doesn't have anything like this. - We don't have super-earths - at all. So, from that perspective, even though we now know solar systems are common, our type of solar system is rather an oddball. Most solar systems that Steve looks at are home to a super earth. So why is there no super earth orbiting the sun? Could a missing super earth have something to do with our missing planet nine? Scientists think they've got the solar system pretty much figured out. But could it still hide a missing planet? Billions of years ago, additional planets may have orbited our sun... Giant super-earths, 10 times more massive than earth. Could these long-lost worlds hold the secret to the missing planet nine? Almost every solar system astronomers look at harbors one or more massive super-earths. But our solar system doesn't. If super-earths did once orbit the sun, where are they now? One of the biggest surprises that was just waiting out there for us to discover is that the most common type of planet in the universe - is one we don't have - in our solar system. We don't have a super earth, and so, one question is, why not? The behavior of Jupiter could provide a clue. Four and a half billion years ago, in an infant solar system, Jupiter is on the rampage. Young and hot and super massive, it bulldozes through the planetary nursery, rips infant planets out of their orbits and tosses others into the sun. Any super-earths that bask in tight orbits around the sun are toast... Bombarded and broken by renegade worlds. Jupiter sends them to an early grave. It's an extraordinary theory. It explains why there is no super earth in the inner solar system. But could Jupiter have flung a super earth in the opposite direction... A super earth that now survives much further out from the sun? In Pasadena, a model of the solar system that predicts planet nine must have an extraordinarily large orbit. So the notion - that the solar system possesses an additional planet, maybe even a massive planet, like a super earth, is one that sounds kind of crazy. But the more we looked at all of the evidence, the more it made sense. Konstantin's ideas push the frontiers of astronomy. He thinks planet nine is a super earth that escaped destruction. So, if this here is the sun, and if we draw the initial orbit of Jupiter as a big, red circle, what likely happens, that within the first few million years of the solar system's lifetime, Jupiter's orbit shrunk. But Jupiter's travels don't end with its devastating swing into the inner solar system. Jupiter's orbit expanded back out. Its gravitational field acted a little bit like a snow plow, picking up the orbits of any other massive super-earths that would have resided exterior to it, and pushing them back out, ushering them to ever colder regions of the solar system. Jupiter's outward swing shunts Saturn, Neptune, and Uranus to their present orbits. It could also have pushed planet nine into the very edge of the solar system. This move would have transformed planet nine into a frozen world that stalks the boundary of interstellar space. Planet nine would be so far from the sun that its frigid, outer atmosphere, a skin of hydrogen clouds, would be only slightly warmer than absolute zero. Beneath that, a dense layer of helium gas would produce pressure so extreme that even though it's hotter than a furnace, the ice below is crushed solid. The center of the planet would have a rocky core with a heart of molten iron. Planet nine would be 10 times bigger than earth. This won't just be a missing planet. It will be our missing super earth. Our calculations suggest that planet nine is about 1,000 times as far away from the sun as is the earth. This means that if the sun is the size of a coin, planet nine is a kilometer away. It is so, so hard to see such a dim, distant planet that we literally have to go to the biggest telescope available on the planet to even have a chance to image this object. Konstantin believes that if this missing planet exists, he can find it. He and his team are searching for the planet with the Subaru telescope, Mauna Kea in Hawaii. With the data and the computational modeling that we have done, we now have a road map. We now can point to the right part of the sky and say, "aha, planet nine must be over there." Finding planet nine is not gonna be easy. It's exceptionally dim. It might take years, but we will see planet nine. I am certain of it. If they're successful, the discovery will transform astronomy. All of a sudden, the solar system becomes that much bigger. Such a shift in thinking only comes around occasionally in the history of humanity. So, we are... we are absolutely blessed and privileged to be working on this problem at this time. The fact that we've perhaps missed a giant planet in our own solar system just tells us that the universe is gonna constantly surprise us, and it's a call to study everything around us in far greater detail, because we don't know what else is lurking out there. Astronomers are closing in on their target in an historic hunt for a massive, frozen world far beyond the heat of the sun... A ninth planet cast out into the icy darkness... A planet that will push the farthest edge of the solar system closer to the stars. As a scientist, is when something comes totally out of the blue that you didn't expect. So planet nine has not been found yet. There's indirect evidence, - but I've got - a bottle of champagne - just chilling - in the refrigerator, and I'm gonna open it - the minute we discover - planet nine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 