Boss: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e6 - Backflash - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 6 - Backflash - full transcript 
 Kane's moves with the housing project escalate from a state of unrest to rioting and looting. As Chicago burns, Kane secretly seeks treatment at an alternative clinic where his past haunts him. In Kane's absence, his wife, Meredith, steps into the mayoral role. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There is a clinic in Toronto. Their work is untested, the risks undocumented. Emma: I can't do this. I need help. - I don't... I don't know. - Please. Woman: This ended up in the mailroom. Who the hell is Rosebud? Gentlemen, I wanted to present this redevelopment plan in person because of its tremendous scope. All this only comes into play if you can get folks out of there for the demo, though, right? Your banks hold title on hundreds of foreclosures. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If the market rebounds, we won't be able to sell. We have a no-fail completion date of two years. Every family in good standing will be welcomed back when the construction for the new Lennox Gardens is completed. Man over phone: The Gardens aren't your business. - Quit. - You wanna fuck with me? You're fucking with your own mayor. ( Gasping ) No! Moderator: Welcome to the great gubernatorial debate. Woman: Mr. Zajac, who is the woman in the picture? I'd rather not comment on an unconfirmed photograph. Man: Did you have an affair with Alderman Ross' wife? I am the goddamn mayor of this motherfucking city 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I want this hole fixed now! Where are we going, Tom? ( Theme music playing ) Boss 2x06: "Backflash" Original Air Date on September 21, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ ( Vocalizing ) Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com Man over radio: Forced evictions are underway in what some are calling the radicalization of Mayor Kane. Though residents of the poverty-stricken Lennox Gardens are slated to occupy the foreclosed homes of those being asked to leave in middleclass neighborhoods, not all believe they'll be able to return to the refurbished development as promised by the mayor. ( Radio turns off ) Hello, Emma. Is your father home? No. Your mother? ( Ticking ) ( Sighs ) ( Ticking ) ( Footsteps approaching ) Mrs. Kane, nice to see you. Sorry for the disturbance. - Is there a problem? - I hope not. Do you happen to know where the mayor is? - He's not at City Hall? - No. Did he come home last night? I ask only because I've been unable to reach him by phone, text, or emails since he left the office rather abruptly yesterday. What do you mean? From what I'm told, he was last seen cursing about a pothole on Chestnut before he asked his driver for the keys and left without explanation. I thought it best to ask you first before taking other measures in the event that the mayor's unavailability was personal in nature. Mrs. Kane? There's no cause for concern, if that's what you're asking. Certainly. I don't mean to pry, but... Tom needs his space sometimes. Why don't you try checking his true home in Lake Point Tower? Sorry to disillusion you. Maybe he's run away from home. Officer: Fellas, I need this block clear. All right? We'll be here all day. Come on, folks, let's make this as easy as we can for everybody concerned. Sure wasn't a garden, but it was home. - Come on, come on. - ( Banging ) Officer: By order of the city of Chicago, you need to vacate the premises. You knew this was coming. Either you come out or we're going in. Man: I ain't going nowhere. Fuck you all! Reporter: A sheriff was injured in the eviction of an unruly tenant. Is this going to be a longer day than you and your team anticipated? Man: There's no question it's gonna be a long day... Looking more and more like a death march. - It just needs context. - Well, we're 10 minutes away. - Without him I don't have any. - Postpone the presser. With any luck he'll be here by midday. Man: But I think if we really stay together... Oh, shit. This is about a minute from going sideways. And where the hell is he that he can't be reached? Sick? Hung over? - Mistress in another country? - I'll tell you where he isn't... his home or his private apartment. Private apartment? Doorman says he hasn't been there in weeks. ( Sighs ) Okay, first thing we need to do is make sure the sheriffs stand down, not overreact to any understandable displays of resistance. You think they'll take that order from an aide? Our office to theirs. That's all they need to know. Not gonna be able to hold off the dogs for long. - So, what do we do? - Manage. And keep trying to find him. I'll see if there's anything in his office that sheds light on his whereabouts. Reporter ♪2: Should Lennox Gardens families benefit from the plight of homeowners who've been foreclosed upon? Some in this neighborhood feel if anyone needs subsidized help from the city, they do to keep from losing homes they've paid mortgages on for years. And with at least as many as eight dozen Lennox Gardens families moving into this neighborhood alone, some are suggesting they may not be welcome. - ( Touch tones beeping ) - ( Rings ) Woman: Alternalive Treatment Centre. How may I assist you? Yes, good morning. I wonder if you could tell me if Thomas Kane checked in overnight. This is his wife calling. I apologize, ma'am. I'm not at liberty to give out patient information. I understand. My husband is an elected official of a major American city. I'd hate to turn this into a political headache for your clinic. Yes, Mr. Kane is here. Thank you. Doctor: Tell me what's happening. ( Ezra's voice echoing ) You can't because you don't know. Voices. - A voice... - Ezra: I'm not just a voice. I hear in my head. - Saying what? - Nothing of import. Any visual hallucinations? Ezra: You can't because you... what's the difference? - Stop asking questions. - Excuse me? You have been paid, arrangements made. Doctor: Mr. Kane, this is a delicate process. Undoubtedly you've run a background check. You know who I am, where I'm from, and that I don't have any time to waste. So may we start the fucking treatment, please?! Based on your intake, we're looking at a three-step regimen involving stem cells for regeneration, a bark-based infusion for sedation, and electroconvulsive therapy for activation. Ezra: Nonsense. It's all nonsense. We'll start with biofeedback to test your visual cognition. Please have a seat. Ezra: None of it will work. It's a waste of time. You can't stop this now. You can't stop me, because it's already done, the damage. You hurt me, you're only hurting yourself. ( Projector clicks ) Tell me what you see. Ezra: Caitlin Mills, raped in the '93 riots brought on in Lennox Gardens. Remember? Sound familiar? - Nothing. - Ezra: Caitlin Mills. - Caitlin Mills. - Mr. Kane, in order for this to work, I need your full cooperation. Ezra: Caitlin Mills. Charles Kingston, burned to death. - Charles Kingston. - Are you in any pain? Ezra: Tracy LaSalle, Hector Alvarez, Joseph Clark. Shot, stabbed... what does it matter? It's not as though you're personally responsible. Doctor:Mr. Kane. Ezra:But you are responsible, aren't you? Shot, stabbed... what does it matter? A girl. It's not as though you're personally responsible. But you are responsible... ( Distant sirens wailing ) ( Sighs ) ( Sighs ) ( Knocks ) Reporter: The mayor's plan for the peaceful relocation... Excuse me, sir. There's a guy here from "The Sentinel" who's aggressively requesting to see you. Yes, but I am not interested in an interview about your wife and Zajac like every other reporter in town. Hey, man, what part of "wait here" don't you understand? Mr. Miller, since when do editors do interviews? Since I'm just as interested in holding Tom Kane accountable for his actions as you are. Reporter: Some residents are crying foul over what they believe is an attack on civil liberties. - ( Phones ringing ) - Zajac Campaign. His only comment is no comment. ( Phones ringing ) I'm sorry, but he's not speaking with the press at this time. ( Phones ringing ) So how do we fix what's broken? Empty promises? Cookie-cutter solutions? Things that haven't worked before won't again. And business as usual will give us the usual business. We need to listen to each other, respond to our real concerns with real solutions. This isn't about left, right, rich, poor. It's about fixing what's wrong for all of us. Right, buddy? Reporter: With foreclosures growing at an alarming rate in the Chicago area, the mayor has joined forces with a number of local banks to offer up homes with defaulted loans as temporary rentals to displace Lennox Gardens' residents. Many of these homes, however, remain occupied... Hey, if you don't mind, I'm gonna take lunch. - ( Phones continue ringing ) - Sure. Hey. Thanks for sticking this out. Reporter: ...Have rallied around one longtime neighbor who stands to lose his home by the end of the day. Tell us your feelings, sir. Homeowner: Good people are being forced out of their homes by those who created the problems to begin with... the banks. Actually, I'm gonna go home. Homeowner: They're the ones who broke their promises to us. Now me and my family, we're homeless. The mayor's looking out for those other people. Who's looking out for us? ( Birds chirping ) Tina, we have to focus on the campaign. This is ridiculous. You're being incredibly petty right now. Uh, we'll talk about this later. Kitty's here. - Morning. - First time in four campaigns Cook County is oh-so-possibly ours for the taking. My longtime staffers don't know what to do with themselves. Tina's upset because I wanna move my headquarters to Chicago with you at the helm. Oh. Are you game? Of course. Good. Just don't get used to it. Soon enough, I'll have you with me in Springfield. This mass eviction thing is turning ugly. Do you want me to head over there? Chuck, why did no one, including myself, uncover the fact that right beneath our eyes a few months back there was an internal plot to run Zajac for mayor of Chicago instead of governor of Illinois? A plot that might have come to pass had he not been caught on camera screwing the wife of the man who hatched it, i.e. Alderman Ross. I mean, how come Kane can crack that story, but we can't? Um, there have been six arrests made at Lennox Gardens. Well, what are you waiting for? Get out there. Ezra: This is just a fantasy. I'm still here. Did you think you could escape? There's no remedy. - There's only resistance! - ( Classical music playing ) You can't tune me out, Tom. A wish! - I'm not going anywhere. - ( Volume increases ) I'm the only thing that makes sense! A wish. I'm the only one who knows the truth. - ( Tuning stations ) - A distraction. There's no remedy. There's only resistance. Reporter: Here in the windy city where indeed a storm is brewing at the crossroads of public housing and the subprime mortgage crisis. ( Static buzzing ) ( Classical music playing ) Ezra: And the only thing that's real, Tom, is what I'm telling you. ( Indistinct whispering ) - ( Distant sirens wailing ) - ( Door opens ) Your lunch, sir. "God forbid we should ever be 20 years without such a rebellion." ( Laughs ) Thomas Jefferson. You have some reading to do, son, if you really wanna make a go in this business. You know when Lennox Gardens last blew up? 1993. You do the math. - 19 years. - One shy of 20. What might Jefferson himself recommend for a course of action today? Rebellion? If you say so. You are a man with influence in the community with foot soldiers at the ready who surely know how to disturb the peace. You mean light shit up? "And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air"... I assume that means more to you than drunken sing-alongs at a Sox game. Sir, I was just hoping to have a more legitimate role in things. As Kenya Taylor's replacement, for example? Ward boss of the 21st? Is something happening in Chicago? - Ezra: It's burning to the ground. - I'm afraid I don't know. - What's that? - Ezra: Poison. Don't take it. It's just for contrast, Mr. Kane. Gives us a better MRI scan. Ezra: Why would you want that? They might see then what you really are, everything that you've ever done. That wouldn't be a good thing, Tom... Because you are a bad man. You can't change it, Tom. ( Whispering continues indistinctly ) ( Ezra's laugh echoing ) ( Machine knocking, humming ) Ezra: This is going to hurt you more than it hurts me. ( Sirens wailing ) Letting things play out might only make them worse. I'll show you affirmative action... a goddamn wrecking ball on that dump. After all I've given you... your career, this office, my own daughter! Half my time is spent cleaning up the mess you left behind! Fuck him! - ( Gasping ) - ( Ezra whispering indistinctly ) ( Ezra whispering Was there something you wanted to do with him? You remember, don't you. You need to stay calm, sir. Try not to get agitated. - Ezra: You're a monster. - ( Breathing deeply ) ( Clears throat ) Where are you going? I've recovered, sweetheart. I see no reason why you can't do the same. City Hall, please. ( Engine starts ) ( Siren wailing ) Listen up, listen up! This is private property, people. If you wanna protest the banks, I suggest you take it to their door, not this one. Otherwise, you run the risk of getting arrested for trespassing. - Hey, officer, maybe I can help. - ( Crowd laughs, murmurs ) - How are you doing, folks? - ( People groaning ) I know many of you have heard a lot about me lately... ( Crowd laughing, jeering ) Ben: I'm sure you take me as just another bullshit politician. Woman:Yeah, exactly. Hey, asshole, stop using us for publicity. - Man: That's right, man. - What publicity? Huh? You had the news here this morning, right? For 10 minutes? But they're gone now and so is any awareness of you or your neighbors who are getting evicted from their homes they've been making payments on for years. - Hey, come on. Come on. - Me? I've got a big spotlight on me. Use it. All right, everyone link arms, make a chain. Let's show the banks what a fight looks like. Officer: You have 24 hours to clear the property... every last one of you. Reporter: Police officers on the scene are now saying that the enforcement of mandatory evacuations at Lennox Gardens have become increasingly violent in the past hour... Moretti's getting slammed. So is the city hall main line. Reporter: ...The mayor's efforts to remove them from their homes... You all right? No, I'm not. Ian: Wait, what are you doing? - Where are you going? - Someone needs to be there. You can't leave, not when you're the... I mean, we're undermanned here. Reporter: The previous owners were evicted to make room for them. Thus far, no comment from the mayor's office, but in what is her first public appearance since the shooting that nearly took her life, - Chicago's first lady Meredith Kane... - I thought she was on bed rest. Arrived at City Hall moments ago. Appearing fit and buoyant, she had this to say to reporters. Mrs. Kane, how are you feeling? - Getting better. - Have you fully recovered? Not quite, but we're working on it. What brings you here today? Well, we just have a lot of work. Mrs. Kane, do you have anything to say to the people of Chicago? Just that I'm so grateful for their encouragement and support. And it's wonderful to be back among you, and it's wonderful to be, again, in the service of this great city and wonderful to be alive. Thank you so much. Excuse me. - My husband's expecting me. - ( Applause ) Man: Welcome back! Welcome back! Mr. Todd. You must be Mona. Yes. How may I help you, Mrs. Kane? Close the door, please. ( Door closes ) Given the circumstances, it seemed necessary to have all hands on deck. Ron, the press... let them know the mayor's hunkered down on the fifth floor working to preempt any further escalations of events. We'll need a cover story if this situation spirals. Right. I'm sorry, but what exactly are the circumstances? Where is the mayor? You'll be apprised soon enough. Until then, I believe you have a job to perform either way. My understanding is that you've been a prime mover behind things at Lennox Gardens, which suggests you bear a certain burden to see this powder keg contained. ( Chimes ) Council leadership is calling for an emergency meeting in the chambers. How do you propose we handle that, Mrs. Kane? Here in the conference room, away from the prying eyes of the press. That'll be all for now. "Bear a certain burden"? Fuck you. Did she just take the reins like that? I think she did. All right, y'all. Stick to the chain stores, no mom-and-pops, all right? And we ain't Christmas shopping neither, yo. Hit one, move to the next. All smash, no grab. Keep it theatrical. ( Mouths word ) The game bigger than that Blu-ray you trying to grab. Now come on, man. Let's go. You still here? What's wrong, Holmes? - You forgot your slugger or something? - ( Glass shatters ) I'm not... I'm not doing it, man. ( Laughing ) You're not doing it. I'm sorry. - Did you mistake that for an option? - ( Alarms blaring ) Look, man, I'll sling for you and I'll fight for you. But this? For what? You know your problem? You're too weak to lead, but you can't follow either. Tssh. You're wasting my time. I gotta get back to work. Now get out. - Don't slam my door neith... - ( Door slams ) ( Sighs ) Ezra: You're not in charge. You're not in control. - ( Cell phone chimes ) - Doctor: The stem cells are injected directly into the spinal cord. Ezra: She can't be trusted. Doctor: This allows for immediate travel to the brain. Ezra: Neither can he. Neither can this. Doctor: Mr. Kane, it's time to put away the phone. Ezra: Leave. Go home. They need you there. To be distracted in any way, to move... you could cause serious damage. - It's my wife. - ( Ezra's laugh echoing ) Please, just give me a moment. - Ezra: Before the damage is done. - ( Beeps ) Ezra: You're a monster. You're insane. ( Laughing ) With the first injection, the pain may be sharp, possibly inducing white flashes or a momentary loss of eyesight. Ezra: Despicable. It's too late. You did it already. How can you ever pay for it... all the damage you've done? There's not a punishment enough for you, not even this, Tom. Not even this. You're despicable. You're a louse of a human being. You should kill yourself - because you're disgust... - ( High-frequency whining ) - ( Reporters clamoring ) - Reporter: Six are dead. Six are dead. Six are dead. Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayor, six are dead, arson's spreading, reportedly the rape of a 12-year-old girl... could this be the day that haunts your legacy for years to come? No, I... I don't believe it will. ( Reporters clamoring ) Reporter ♪2: Is your inaction a direct result of citywide budget cuts? Is this a public shaming of the Chicago Housing Authority? Deliberation is not inaction. - It's simply... - ( Reporters shouting ) Are rumors true, Mr. Mayor, that the former mayor Rutledge is involved in decisions being made behind the scenes? No! Who the hell told you that? ( Silence ) ( Ezra's laugh echoing ) Meredith: I'm so grateful for their encouragement and support. It's wonderful to be back among you, and... Wow, I mean, she is absolutely genius at distraction. Can someone please tell me where Tom Kane is before this whole city goes up in flames? - His office? - Why? Because Moretti said so? I mean, Churchill could go on radio in World War II from his bunker in a blitzkrieg, but Kane is too hunkered down to appear before the cameras? ( Ringing ) Kitty: Hey, can we talk? That would be a start. Look, I'm not good at this sort of thing, okay? What sort of thing is that? Please don't make this any harder than it already is. I'm not. I'm just trying to understand what we're doing here, what this is between us. I don't know, but the reality is you're a journalist. I won't take that as an insult. And I'm... whatever, an operative. I'm sensing some pretty blurry boundaries. I'm willing to stay in my Lane if you're willing to do the same. Okay. - Why? - I'm not sure. ( Laughs ) I like you. I'm gonna be back in Chicago for a while on the campaign. You need more than that? I'll take more than a phone call. Hello, everyone. Thank you for agreeing to join us upstairs. First and foremost, the mayor is fine and in control. I've just been in touch with him. But what I'm about to tell you is not to leave this room and, for reasons of security, is not what the public has been or will be told. So please, respect the sensitivity. Late last night, before this morning's troubles began, the mayor was summoned to Washington by the FBI regarding matters linked to the attempt made on his life and mine. The exact nature of these matters even I cannot know from my husband, but they appear to require his urgent involvement. In DC now, as we speak? Meredith: Yes, for time-sensitive reasons as of late last night. I should add that given the standard hostile relations between the FBI and the State's Attorney's office, even Mr. Doyle will not be privy to the mayor's absence. - And he comes back when? - As soon as he's able to. In the meantime, he is in constant contact with Superintendent Royczyk, Chief Malley, and Governor Cullen. Anything he would do, he's doing from there. Except be here. Meredith: Alderman Ross, I would hope there's enough water under the bridge to wash away the usual recriminations. The mayor's expecting everyone's cooperation until he returns. Did you two know about this? As of early this morning. Hmm. Will the mayor be available to join us by speakerphone? Not for the moment. Now then, to the situation at hand. ( Protesters chanting ) ...We won't go! Hell no, we won't go! Hell no, we won't go! Hell no, we won't go! Hell no, we won't go! How long are all of you planning on staying here? Until the banks give us an extension. And is it true that State Treasurer Zajac - organized this protest? - No, it's not. Mr. Zajac, is this an attempt to get back in your wife's good graces? How do you plan to recover from the scandal? I'm not the person you need to be directing your questions at about recovery. This man's about to lose his home. And so is this woman and so is that gentleman right there. ( Cheering ) Maybe if the press was more interested in what's going on in the real world instead of what's happening in people's bedrooms, we wouldn't be in this mess. I'm just doing my job, okay? - Mr. Zajac, could you tell us... - Get that shit out of my face! - You need to back off. - Cool it. Just relax. - I said get that out of my face! - Yo, man, what the fuck? Hey, hey. Walk away. - Hey, back up. - Whoa. Walk away. Just walk away. You walk away, you fuckin' douchebag. ( All shouting ) Eh! Eh! You break it up! Break it up! Reporter: A surge of vandalism is being reported in the areas surrounding Lennox Gardens. Over a dozen businesses suffered major property damage in... This whole thing's gonna get out of control. He needs to say something to the public. I'd settle for his just being around. Reporter: ...Prompting some to call for citywide increase in police presence. Bark of the iboga plant... medicinal tea... we discussed... hallucinogenic. Ezra: Won't work. Poison. Mind... don't take it... lose. The tea... you have to drink it. Ezra: You don't even know what's real any more. - Hallucinogenic? - Ezra: You are. With the brain in a relaxed state, the stem cells have a better chance at targeting the diseased tissue. Ezra: This whole thing... fiction. ( Laughter echoing ) What did you say? Studies have shown that concentration on targeted areas can play a supportive role in healing treatments. Ezra: Face it, nothing can fix you. Nothing can fix what you've broken or who you've broken. ( Laughter echoing ) Woman: Might be nice if you remembered my name. What do you want? Woman: Don't worry. He doesn't know. But I am done raising him alone with shit to show for it on your part. I'm supposed to believe you? Now that you've waited till I'm in office to tell me? Come here again, I will burn you to a fucking crisp. Your son be damned. Tom: Get out! I told the governor you'll be calling him requesting the National Guard before this mess blows up any further. Get out! - Tom! - ( Door slams ) Either your father truly retires or, so help me God, I will take you down with me. ( Glockenspiel music playing ) - Who loves you? - You do. Good answer. ( Music continues ) ( Distant sirens wailing ) Emma: So, that's the grand tour. Now pay for the ticket, right? Stop. I couldn't get to any. I can't even get into my place. It's just all fucked up over there now. Well, where are you even staying, then? I don't even know. Well, um... - Is there any other way... - ( Scoffs ) Don't you have to take tests? Yeah, I do, but it's not a problem. ( Scoffs ) Maybe I should just go. No, no, no. Don't, don't. We shouldn't... Meredith: Emma? Oh... yeah? Good night. Good night. ( Laughing ) You mind if I ask you a... Potentially sensitive question? ( Laughs ) Do you ask any other kind? Thank you. Were you aware of the plot to replace Kane with Zajac? Where'd you hear that? Meaning yes? Meaning who cares? Y-you know, that's the second time you've shot me down when the subject has turned to Zajac. All right, it's late. I gotta go. No. It's not safe. Don't go. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I... I don't have anywhere to go. Do you? Let's not rush. ( Kitty gasping ) Don't look at me like that. - Shut up. - What? Look at me. You're fuckin' beautiful. - Shut up, Sam. - Fuck you. Reporter: Vandalism, property destruction, and a spate of violence has resulted in a growing number of arrests tonight. Police are working overtime to combat what appears to be a groundswell of lawlessness apparently sparked by today's mandatory... ( Sirens wailing ) Got the kids to sleep despite all the sirens. Reporter: Others have taken to the streets to fight them or express their own rage against the system, which raises the question... - It'll settle down. - I hope so. To physical fights to whole families of looters, the city is on edge, even as neighbor seems to be turning on neighbor. ( Distant sirens wailing ) ( Cell phone ringing ) Who's Jackie? She's a reporter at the paper. Jackies aren't journalists, Sam. - They're strippers and waitresses. - ( Ringing continues ) Says Kitty. ( Both laugh ) Hey. No, I'm up. Where? All right, I'll come in. What happened? CPD shot an unarmed kid packing an iPod. Promise me you'll come back tomorrow. - I can't promise you that. - Shut up. ( Sirens blaring ) Reporter: Widespread looting has continued... School's canceled. You need to stay home with the kids. - Maybe you should stay, too. - I can't. This is gonna get a lot worse. Reporter: Most schools and many businesses have shuttered their doors as a precaution. Police are asking that those who can stay home today, please do so. Reporter ♪2: In the overnight shooting that has ratcheted yesterday's events, acts of arson have spread throughout the city. People have taken to the streets, and a disturbing repeat of the '93 riots loom large. Chicago Police have yet to release a statement about the shooting, nor has the mayor. And, as some have said here, the longer they wait, the more likely there may be another... Superintendent Royczyk is here. Great. Send him in. ( TV turns off ) But what are you gonna say? I don't imagine you question my husband in this fashion. Jim, so nice to see you. Meredith. He's here to discuss last night's incident... Meredith: The superintendent and his wife are longtime family friends. We've quite a history together, don't we? And I think we'd prefer to speak privately, if you don't mind. We'll be right outside. How long do we have to stand by and agree to this charade? He could have been abducted for all we know. That's the point... we don't know anything. Clearly, Mrs. Kane does. I don't buy this FBI story. - Do you? - I've got no reason not to. She was spot-on about this much... the State's Attorney and the Bureau do not share intel at all. Meredith: I assume word leaked to you about Tom being summoned to DC. Royczyk: Yes. I also heard that the mayor and I have been in touch, which isn't true. ( Sighs ) An obvious miscommunication. Jim, a clean conscience can wait in situations like this, clean streets cannot. What do you need to make that happen? Direct word from Tom endorsing the use of armored vehicles and tactical squads to contain the hot spots where unrest is spreading. Hmm, of course. Unless it was deemed wiser to look to the National Guard for the same. So, Cullen's in charge with Kane gone? Here's what needs to happen... a public statement to the press by you that given the unrest and the heightened security concerns, with the attempted assassination case still open, it's been decided that mayor Kane should stay out of the public eye until the dust settles, et cetera, et cetera. How does that make for clean streets? One step at a time. And after last night's shooting, I imagine that your next step is doing what it takes to keep your job, no? Due to heightened security concerns, it has been deemed necessary that the mayor remain in a secure location. Reporter: Is he still in the city? I would ask that you direct your questions to the mayor's office. I'm required elsewhere. Thank you very much. - ( Reporters clamoring ) - Superintendent, where is he? Superintendent, where is he? ( Sirens wailing, police radio chatter ) ( Knocking ) - Homeowner: This is bullshit. - Everyone relax. Don't resist. This will get straightened out when you see a judge. Homeowner: I'm just trying to take care of my family. - This could happen to any of you! - ( All shouting ) After hours of seemingly unending violence, the toll of injury and destruction is growing. With fires burning and rampant looting in a number of areas, the city is under siege. Did you think for a moment that you had transcendent purpose or that somehow you were worthy of being remembered? A sanitation clerk who had the audacity to fuck the mayor's daughter. How dare you think that you should ever have been put in the position to decide the fate of others? That is a mantle to be worn only by the great, not by a man who wormed his way into City Hall for a period of time. You're a chapter, a portrait, a handful of legislation, a thousand lies, and yet you cling to power, falsely believing you actually possess it. But your superiority of force, of will, your control... it's all an illusion because you're still dying, Tom! And that terrifies you, doesn't it? That you'll end up just like me... dust no one misses. ( Ezra's laughter echoing ) How dangerous is this? Doctor: ECT has a stigma it does not deserve. Not only is this the final phase of treatment, but the most crucial. It stimulates regeneration of the diseased tissue. Can it kill him? Doctor: Kill you? No. That's not gonna happen. Ezra: Once wasn't enough, Tom? You can't kill a dead man... But you can take responsibility. ( Ezra's laugh echoing ) Fucking die already. ( Humming ) ( Electricity crackles ) ( Printer screeching ) Who says I didn't prevent Attica on a metropolitan scale by not sending in the troops? Let my legacy burn on your watch? I'll think of something. He had a stroke... my father. The fat lady sings. Don't move. Turning off the water to riotous neighborhoods is a page from Stalin's handbook. A stroke. The stain will be permanent. - There's no way around that. - ( High-frequency whining ) Oversight will be required for his recovery... Or lack thereof. ( Echoes ) Gentlemen. ( Beeping ) ( Electricity crackling ) The riots may be over... You piece of shit. But not the fallout. What do you want, money? No, that's a vile accusation! "What do you want, Barbara?" - ( Electricity crackling ) - Oh, there's my girl. - I don't understand. - That makes two of us. Where'd you get the urine? Where did I get it? Don't bullshit a bullshitter. My guy at the lab says you could date-rape Godzilla with that cocktail in your system. Bulbocapnine... some kind of inhibitor drug that suppresses reflexes and muscle activity. Used to induce a severe stupor. There something you wanna share? Okay, I'll tell you what... the police are stretched pretty thin today. I'm on call to help out. Maybe there's a way that I don't violate you between now and the next appointment. ( Sirens wailing ) ( Fire engine horns honking ) ( Helicopter blades whirring ) Mrs. Kane, any word? Not yet. Do you need me to do anything for you? Get me Governor Cullen. Reporter: With no signs of abatement, city police and fire departments are overwhelmed. Riot units, armed with batons and tear gas, have been unable to quell what appears to be a full-scale riot. Many Chicagoans are afraid to step outside their front doors, and those who do are likely... Here we go again. ( Phone rings ) - Meredith? - Hello, Mac. Things up there must be worse than they look for you to be calling me or... I don't know what to think. We've always had a mutual respect, Mac, you and I. We have, you being cut from the same cloth as your father. 20 years ago, he urged Tom to ask Governor Dunham for a deployment of the National Guard to quell the riots. In hindsight it was - Tom's first mistake as mayor. - But not his last. I would like to prevent the same mistake from happening twice, and only your office has the power to reach both city and state. I'd like to hear it from him. You will in due time. On my honor. Mac: As the outgoing governor of this great State, it is with pride and regret that one of my last actions in office will be a deployment of the National Guard to quell the strife in Chicago... regret that such a situation ever came to this, but pride that we the people of Illinois would face it head on. I've been in touch with the mayor's office there and will remain so until the unrest has fully subsided. She pulled the trigger on this? I don't think you'll be disappointed by the mayor's inevitable reaction. While State Senator Walsh and I have had our disagreements in the past, her proposed bill denying felons the right to vote can't reach my desk fast enough. Did he just endorse Walsh for governor? Those responsible for the crimes of the past two days in Chicago will have no say in who their future leaders are. Thank you. Reporter: As many as 4,000 national guardsmen have arrived... Wow. - Peace is restored. - ( Ringing ) Uh, give me a sec? Hey. Hey. Takeout's getting cold. Looks like I'm gonna be late with all the troops in town. What's up with Cullen going public, but not Kane? It's not strategic timing on his part, it's just a good old no-show. I mean, the question is why? - Sam? - Yeah. The papers on your table... Rosebud. Okay. That's who leaked the Bensenville document, right? I'm pretty sure the handwriting's Stone's. - Doctor: Tell me what you see. - ( Projector clicks ) A beach. A bouquet of flowers. Ice cream. ( Projector clicks ) A desert. Emma: Grandpa? Grandpa. Grandpa, did they... Did they do this to you? Grandpa, did they? Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 