Boss: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e10 - True Enough - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 10 - True Enough - full transcript 
 As Kane's mental faculties deteriorate to a new low, Sentinel editor, Sam Miller, is about to break a story that will destroy him. But unbeknownst to Kane, Kitty is the true threat as she decides where her loyalties lie. As the odds stack up against Kane, he will be forced to reveal the unthinkable to stay on top. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We ran the system for our missing sniper. Boetker has no priors anywhere. Your suspicions about Ezra Stone are not unfounded. - You'll go on record? - For 10,000 bucks. This is dangerous what we're doing. We've got to slow down. What's this, some kind of joke, man? Trey trying to punk me out with this sh-- Tina? Sweetheart! I-- I need medical help! My husband's trust isn't easily earned. Allow me to contribute to Tom Kane's PAC. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now is not the time to think small. I present to you the Gardens Convention Center and Casino. Ladies and gentlemen, we're back in business. There was no political upside to the promises you made, so either you give a shit or you're a motherfucking lunatic! Give my best to Bitsy. - Miss? - What is this about? Get in! ( theme music playing ) ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ( vocalizing ) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com I, Meredith Kane, solemnly swear that I will support the Constitution of the United States and the State of Illinois and that I will faithfully discharge the duties of the office of Alderman of the City of Chicago to the best of my abilities. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the new alderman for the 11th Ward. ( laughing ) Welcome to the council, Mrs. Kane. - Congratulations. - A pleasure to serve with you. - Looking forward to working with you, Mrs. Kane. - So do I. Group picture? Okay. How about that? Two Kanes for the price of one. ( laughter, applause ) Kenya Taylor murdered, no suspects. Smacks of City Hall. As much as you'd like to think Kane is responsible for every horrible thing that happens, you've officially got a whole lot of nothing on him. I didn't say Kane, I said City Hall. And I've got very damaging information from unnamed sources. Sir, Mr. Baine called. - He wants to have lunch with you today. - Thank you. - Hope you brought a suit. - Suits? I don't need no stinking suits. This is good. It's really good. Thanks. This morning Senator Walsh suspended her campaign in the wake of what is a very personal tragedy. I'd like to extend my condolences to Catherine for her loss. My thoughts and prayers are with her and with Miss Patterson's family. - Given what I understand... - Danny: It's Daddy on the radio! ...is an ongoing homicide investigation, - I support her decision to withdraw. - It's Daddy talking. Ben: I, however, remain committed to my candidacy for governor. Thank you. That was State Treasurer Zajack speaking... ( phone ringing ) - Hi. Is he in? - Miss O'Neil. The mayor is not available, nor is he expecting you. I just need a moment of his time. Given the situation-- I'm afraid that's not possible. You have my sympathy. It must be a difficult time for your organization. May I speak with you privately? I wanted out of the Walsh camp even before all this happened. - Did you? - Springfield isn't Chicago. This here, you-- I want to be a part of it again. I heard that Mona Fredricks quit, so I guess officially I'm asking-- She was fired like you. I regret the mistakes I made. I lost my way. But I'd-- I'd like to think that my eight years of service were nothing less than stellar. It's good to see you, Kitty. ( elevator bell dings ) - I can't pull this off. - Doyle: Why? What did he say? - Nothing. - But he didn't say no. ( elevator bell dings ) I just-- I don't want to do this, okay? Want is not on the table. I have more than two decades of subpoenaed material, so I will find dirt on his hands and yours. So cooperator or codefendant-- the choice is yours. ( camera shutter clicks ) Looks like Boetker and Langley were on the same page. Neither a fan of the mayor, it seems. Galvez: Single gunshot wound, appears self-inflicted. So, it's a couple of nut jobs with a master plan. - Is that the story here? - Galvez: His buddy gets caught, figures it's only a matter of time before he does. Well, why not just go back under? Like he was before? Why shoot himself? Catholic guilt? Let's get our ducks in a row first. Keep a lid on this. There's too many cops with big mouths. ( knocks ) The state's attorney called. They found the man that shot Mrs. Kane. He's dead. Suicide. Apparently he and Langley knew each other. They were both insane racists or something. It's good news. Yes, a relief. I suggest a joint press conference. By the way, I know we haven't discussed this, but... I was assuming that with Mona's departure, I-- Never assume anything. He called her Bitsy! How would he know that, Sean? How would he know our daughter's nickname? Maybe you mentioned it once when you were in the office-- - Trust me, I didn't. - Okay, baby, look, I know you're feeling like that he's got-- Mona: That hole wasn't there before. That could have been from when we hung streamers that time. No, it wasn't. What are you doing? You're acting crazy! Sean: What's wrong? He watched. Sam, have a seat. The mayor happened to be lunching nearby. I asked him to join us. Enjoying your position at the "Sentinel," Mr. Miller? I've got it. Thank you. Yeah. I love it there. - Sam's taken to his position with real gusto. - Certainly made your mark. You've taken quite a different tone than your predecessor. He's a good man-- Bentley. You ever hear from him? Occasional e-mail. We keep in touch. So... you mind if I ask what we're doing here? What do you mean? We're having lunch. ( laughing ) Peter, you try the lobster here? Exactly what I had in mind. Would you be so kind to order for me, Tom? I've got to run to the restroom. I get it, you're pals. Freedom of the press-- I believe it was Liebling who said it can only be guaranteed by those who actually own one. And he meant that owners of the press had the right to publish without government interference. Stop. Give my apologies to Mr. Baine. I don't have time for lunch. I'm on deadline. You have connections, I'll give you that. What are you saying? Getting off on a misdemeanor. Then again, you are the mayor's daughter. I didn't do anything that wrong. Conspiracy to distribute, pissing hot on your drug test. 'Course, your boyfriend took care of that one. What, you mean Ian? Who? No, the black guy. ( train rattling ) ( moans ) That was good shit. How much I owe you? Nah, nothing. Forget it. Yo, what's-- what's it feel like? You ain't never tried it? Never wanted to. It makes things go away. Want a taste? Yeah. Why not? ( gasps ) ( train rattling ) I mean, there's an obvious need to consolidate the western counties that-- This office would seem like an unnecessary expense. Don't know why you need to keep it open, Governor. Presumptive. Don't let me keep you. I still need to be elected by the people. You will be. Easily, I'm sure. Next highest vote getter below Walsh is in the single digits. Yeah. So, uh, what can I do for you? I'd like you to take a trip down to Springfield. Mac can bring you up to speed on what needs to be done on the city's casino plan. I'd appreciate it if the presumptive governor is a bit more agreeable than the state treasurer was recently. I need to campaign down there anyway. Good. Glad to hear it. Nice place you got here. Still don't think you need it, though. Surprised to hear from you. I thought you'd be above this sort of thing. I need a named source. I got tired of waiting. It's all there-- 10K of my own hard-earned cash. Do me a favor-- count it later. This whole thing creeps me out. - What are you doing? - Wire check. Only value I got is what comes out of my mouth. Once I'm on tape, I'm not worth shit to you. So what are you saying? You're gonna squeeze me for more later? Whatever. What the fuck? What'd you find at Stone's when you got there? Him dead in a chair, suitcase on the bed. - No ransacking? - No, we did that. We broke a window in the back, too. Any idea who killed him? No. I'm smart enough to not care. Well, who told you to stage the scene? That's gonna be tricky to prove. Now, the lieutenant who was there at the time-- because supposedly it's such a high-profile case-- he says, "Looks like a burglary to me." So you made sure that it did. ( sighs ) I can't understand this kind of hatred. One was a schizophrenic, the other... who knows? Thank God it's all over now. And we're still here, if worse for wear. Though you seem well. You sound surprised. Despite recommending it, I couldn't help but wonder if the treatment might serve only as a placebo. But you're fine, aren't you? Yes, I am. So how did it go today? I met with the leadership on redistricting issues, and tomorrow we discuss awarding labor contracts for the casino complex. As long as you all keep Vacarro at an appropriate distance. This fiscal collaboration, though necessary now, is just temporary, as is your service on the council, though I couldn't ask for a better placeholder. Kavanaugh: Freedom's a dangerous thing. I just want someone to keep an eye on her, that's all. I'll see what I can do. I hear they found the guy who took a shot at you. Word certainly gets around. Well, as you know, I still have a few friends in the department. You, sir, have many. Comes with the bar. Another one, hon? A little topper's all. The Lion and the Lamb. Thanks, buddy. Let me guess-- another friend? They got everything they need to put it to bed. Excellent. Let me have another one of these, will you? Pulling an all-nighter? I wanna make press. That detective I told you about-- he agreed to be named. Whoa. Ezra Stone, leaker of the Bensenville documents, gets taken out for his troubles. The whole thing covered up by the cops. What about Kane being sick? You running with any of that? I don't have enough yet. Anyway, murder trumps disease for now. And the big boss? Not worried? He plays the political game, but ultimately, Baine's only interest is the bottom line. And this-- this is gonna sell a lot of papers. Night, Sam... ( lawn mower humming ) Can I use one of the cars? - Where are you going? - Apartment hunting. Shouldn't you find a job first? I plan on doing that, too. And I-- I might go out and see a friend later. - Who's your friend? - Ian. I don't think it's a good idea for you to be spending so much time with one of your father's employees. - How well do you even know him? - Enough. You look nice. Special occasion? Just work. Meredith: We've compiled a tentative list of contractors for the casino project. I think you'll see we've done our best to spread the wealth, with special attention being paid to the 21st, of course, as well as the list sent over from your office, Mr. Vacarro. Seems pretty reasonable thus far. I'm sorry. I wasn't clear. That list I gave wasn't a suggestion. And we all have our lists. We expected there'd be some growing pains, this being your first initiative with the city, but the mayor has a system for the division of labor-- Meredith, you know how grateful I am for everything you've done to bring this deal together. It was a delicate dance, which you executed brilliantly. But since the city isn't actually putting any money into this endeavor, it seems to me I have no real reason to take orders about who I can or can't hire. Mr. Vacarro, you're setting roots down in the 21st. It might behoove you to ingratiate yourself to your new neighbors. William. May I call you William? I'd be happy to give the custodial contract up to your discretion as a courtesy. - Generous. - Please apologize to the mayor. I feel really terrible about the confusion, but unfortunately, I can't go forward without full control over all contractors. I'm sure the mayor can be persuaded to make some concessions. This is just a starting point in our discussions. Ian: The mayor was very clear this meeting wasn't to be a negotiation. I'm glad to convey your sentiments when I see him next, but perhaps I should set a meeting so you can discuss the situation personally. That's a wonderful idea. How about lunch on the boat? The three of us? After a painstaking investigat-- after a thorough investigation-- Try rigorous. I'm confident we found the actual shooter. - So, where's this happening? - Out front. After a rigorous investigation, my office has identified a person of interest-- A few weeks ago, Ben Zajac was this close to dropping out of the race. While I appreciate the outcome, we both know your sacrifice was not without pleasure. ( scoffs ) The attempted assassination of a mayor is a rare thing. Solving it provides me with public recognition I seldom have the chance to enjoy. So, no, Claire, you will not be joining me at the podium. My name is Jeff Doyle and I am the Cook County State's Attorney. After a rigorous investigation, my office identified a person of interest in the shooting of Meredith Kane and attempted assassination of Mayor Tom Kane. Armed with a search warrant, we took steps to apprehend Francis Boetker, an apparent white supremacist with both skill and access to the type of weaponry used in said shooting. In doing so, our investigators discovered Boetker was in fact deceased. Bam, hot off the presses. Doyle: While we await the official coroner's report, I can tell you cause of death will likely be ruled a suicide. It is my belief that Mr . Boetker, knowing my office was closing in on him, elected to take his own life. Excuse me for cutting in, Jeff, but... Oh, it's unbelievable. He's hijacking the damn thing. Tom: ...Police Department, which is germane to this announcement and to me personally. The weapon used by Mr . Boetker to end his own life is a ballistic match to the same weapon... which killed my dear friend and colleague Ezra Stone. - My God. Holy shit. - Tom: Apparently, these two men, Chad Langley and Francis Boetker, motivated by racism and hatred of my administration's policies, worked in concert to systematically remove me and my closest advisor. Dude, you seriously got it wrong. I'm going to City Hall. Fuck. Pull-- pull the online. - As I was saying... - Call the trucks back. Well, then have them pull the copy from the stands! Fuck! It's a good thing no one reads the paper anymore. ( banging receiver ) Fuck! Fuck! Reporter: The state's attorney named Francis Boetker as the likely shooter in the O'Hare assassination attempt that resulted in Meredith Kane being struck by a bullet. He is alleged to be a coconspirator in the crime with Chad Langley, who is being held at a state psychiatric facility. Little is known about Boetker, who appears to have lived much of his life off the grid. - Reporters: Mayor Kane. - Step back and let the mayor pass. He has no comment at this time. Did you know Mr. Boetker or ever interact with him? No, I did not know this man, nor will I ever comprehend his heinous actions or forgive him his crimes. - That's all I have to say. - The mayor has no further comment. Please clear the way, clear the way. ( reporters clamoring ) He's been listening to us, watching us do God knows what. You can't say that for sure. What do you think those holes are, Sean? When was the last time we hung goddamn streamers in our bedroom? You need to take it easy. Look, would he really do that? I'm sure he's done worse. You don't know what kind of man he is. Get me a hammer. - Honor to meet you, Mr. Mayor. - Likewise. Trey is taking Kenya Taylor's place. Ah. Tragedy does beget fortune on occasion. Please. Let's dispense with the small talk and get to what promises to be a problem. Mr. Vacarro does not like to share. As is true with his kind, greed is a factor. His kind. My wife assures me that Mr. Vacarro has no relationship with his rather infamous kin. ( laughs ) Give me a fuckin' break. Fruit don't ever fall that far from the tree. ( chuckles ) Since the 21st will be home to this casino complex, it only makes sense that our contractors be given first consideration. And yet without Mr. Vacarro's generosity, there'd be nothing to build at all. Control, fraternity-- the proper balance of power must be established early on or we're gonna have a war on our hands. And in my ward, we'll win. Your ward? - I will look into it. - Ross: I'd appreciate it. Oh, and you'd be interested in knowing that your wife's taken to her aldermanic responsibilities like a duck to water. Seems prepared to fully represent the people of the 11th Ward. I'll look into that, too. Dinovo, it's me again. What the fuck? Where are you? Call me. You know, I don't buy it-- this whole twofer story Kane's spinning. - Hard to fight ballistics. - I know, but it's bullshit. What are you going to do? Officially, I'm going to backpedal, but only on page two. Dinovo knows more than he's telling. I just have to push him harder. Push the sick angle, too. Good, because whatever he had done in Canada-- I don't think it worked. What do you mean? I saw his hand shake, Sam, outside City Hall. Not sure anyone else caught it, but looked like a tremor to me. I love you. Was broadcasting there? WLOZ, I think. I'll be back. I am closing in, you asshole. Darius. I talked to E.Z. He said you were here. I wanted to thank you for what you did for me and to see how you were. It's all good. What's wrong with you? You don't know? Oh, Darius. Darius. Leave me the fuck alone! ( knocking at door ) Ian: Miss O'Neil is back for some reason. Do you want to see her? - What's it about? - Sam Miller. I had my lawyer send a cease and desist letter to him. He had tried to accuse me of something that I never said. He is quite the fabricator. Well, I just wanted you to know that I never disclosed anything to him, or anyone for that matter, not that there wasn't pressure to do so from all sides. I don't know. I think a part of me always just hoped that someday I'd be back. I meant what I said before, sir. I want to work for you again, hopefully in a larger capacity. A lot of water under the bridge, I'm afraid. I realize that. But if there's anything I can do... any way that I can... prove myself to you... I'm not sure that's possible. Allow me to try. Because the truth is no one knows how you operate better than I do. And I don't think you or anyone else can really argue that. All right, on a trial basis. Ezra's position. Ian's already handling yours. Sounds good. Kitty: When can I start? - Tom: How about Monday? - We're in. Ben: Catching the man behind an assassination attempt on the mayor is no small feat. It's the kind of case a man can build a name on or at least get a lot of publicity for. Well, I think it's fair to say I've earned my moment. So, all this really necessary to deal with a crooked alderman and a few union leaders on the take? Jeff's nothing if not thorough. We agreed to full transparency, and yet you failed to mention you're planning to challenge Kane next primary. It's under serious consideration. And as a man as unimpeachable as yourself, it wouldn't be prudent to remain in your current position should this office decide to investigate the mayor. I'd resign. Leaving a vacancy that the next governor should fill. I have excellent references. You got the job, sweetheart. Will you excuse us, please? A lot of mayoral files you've got here. Kane will pay for his crimes. If these records weren't enough, his alliance with Vacarro certainly will be. And on the political front-- I want to ramp up an aggressive field campaign, put all the money into paid organizers, focus on building relationships block by block, union hall by union hall, church by church. This is no longer about an election-- mine or yours. This is about a slow and deliberate recalibration of the machine. Anchor over TV: The "Chicago Sentinel" scandal has escalated to the next level. Take a look at what WPHG received just hours ago-- - the tape sent anonymously... - All right, whatever. It's my first retraction. So shoot me. Anchor: ...but appears to show Sam Miller, the editor of the "Sentinel," allegedly paying a source for a story that has since been refuted. Such a breach of journalistic ethic may hit hard at the paper, which in recent months has struggled to stay afloat. Of course, the refuted story accused the Chicago Police Department of covering up the murder of mayoral advisor Ezra Stone. Miller alleged that CPD was ordered to make Stone's homicide look like a burglary gone wrong. Anchor #2: ...Chicago * outrage by the scandal of the Chicago's Sentinel," which continues to grow. You're looking at the anonymous tape which WLOZ received earlier today. Now that is "Sentinel" editor Sam Miller. - And as you can see... - How did she do today, my wife, with Ross and the others? Quite well. I hear reservations or perhaps resentment at my having appointed her to that seat. None at all. I respect the First Lady immensely and I think she'll do a bang-up job. Which isn't to say I'm not aware of certain dynamics that may prove troublesome as time goes on. Such as? When dealing with experienced players, the rules of the game always apply. But when a novice is introduced to the team, sometimes those rules get subverted. - Vacarro. - Don't get me wrong, he's a nice guy. The ladies in the room certainly seem quite charmed by him, which is always a disadvantage. I believe Mrs. Kane is meeting with him privately today - in an effort to... - Advise him of the rules. I would think so. Why are you in Ezra's office? Shouldn't you be in Kitty's? I am, sir. Oh, right. My mistake. ( knocks ) Can I help you? Uh, yeah, I was wondering if you can let me into Ian's apartment. I forgot my keys and I can't get ahold of him at work. - Who are you? - His girlfriend. Look, I-- I just need to see him to talk to him. He works for my father. That's how we met. I promise you won't get in trouble. I'm Emma Kane. ( laughs ) Come on. We've barely finished discussing the first proposal here. Well... ( clinks ) ...at this rate, we might just be here all day. Come on, when was the last time you were out on the water? Since forever. It's good for you, the air out here. Clears your head. It's a shame your husband couldn't come today. I looked forward to getting to know him better. Can I ask you something? It's personal, maybe... inappropriate. You can ask. Why do you stand behind him when you're capable of so much more on your own? Because I have patience. Patience. I've never been much for that. ( laughs ) Yeah. You strike me as someone who takes what he wants when he wants it. I remember seeing him once early on-- the man with the gray hair. I didn't know his name. I just knew he worked for you and Ezra. The other one-- Langley-- was he supposed to take the fall for it? Glaucoma. Who knew? So they kept looking for the real sniper. You knew eventually they'd find him, making him a liability. Was your wife the target? No one was supposed to get hurt. Shock the public into sympathy, get their support to dig you out of Bensenville, push through Lennox Gardens. Political capital by way of an assassination attempt. So what happened? What went wrong? I was distracted by something, someone. Reared back at the last second and pulled us both into the line of fire. I meant it when I said I wanted back in. Why? It's where I belong. I don't have much time. Then we should make the most of it. Yeah. ( keyboard clicking ) Okay, I know it looks bad, but it can be explained. - No, it cannot. - I'll resign as editor. I'll go back to reporting. I prefer it anyway. - Mr. Miller-- - You don't understand. I'm about to break a huge, irrefutable story. The mayor is sick. He has been to a brain clinic in Canada. He's seeing a neurologist. He has tremors. Even if that were true, which I seriously doubt, no one can ever believe another word that you say. This just came for you from Mona Fredricks. Security had to go through it, you know, make sure it was safe, which it is. ( chuckles ) You don't always always need to be her, not with me. I see the burden you carry. You shouldn't have to. No. What? They-- they can't just do this. - They can't-- they can't just fire you. - They can and they should. Did you tell them about this? Did you tell them that we actually have the mayor on tape having a tremor? That WLOZ wasn't even going to use this footage? You've got to put this away. Bentley will kill it here. Do what you got to do to take it back to the station to a guy named Larry Hester, okay? He's a good guy. He's a serious reporter. Give him everything. Give him all my files. Give him that. Tell him that he has to run it tonight. No, Sam. This is your story. Look, I have lost all credibility. It's too important a story not to break. You have to do it, Jackie. You have to. They're here to walk you out of the building. Don't worry. We'll get things back to normal around here. So, how's it feel to be in what will soon be your new home? It's something. No, of course you'll have your wife come in and redecorate. That's right. Gee, I'm sorry. Ha, stuck my foot in my mouth with that one. - No problem. - Anyway, the state legislature is putting forth a piece of law that'll help grease the wheels for this casino complex we've got going up. - Now, when it's signed-- - Technically, I could veto. You could. Mr. Zajac, I'm getting the feeling you're not as on board with this as I was led to believe. Just making sure all constituents are being served. The Catholic Church, for instance-- dead set against this kind of gambling. Cuts into their bingo hall money, which generates millions. The point is-- They represent a very powerful voter block. That's all I'm saying. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure Tom Kane's responsible for your ass being a few months' shy of sitting in this chair. He can't stay in office forever, Mac. It's got to change sometime. What? You're back with Kane after everything you know he did? You mean everything that was proven wrong? He fucking has people killed. I don't know what you're talking about. - That's funny to you? - And even if you did, I don't think I'd believe you. Are you attracted to that sort of thing? Creeps with power, assholes who treat you like shit? ( scoffs ) Get out of my way, please. You know, there was a minute there when I thought we actually had something. Good luck with chumpbait.com. Kitty. Be sure to watch the 7:00 news tonight. Miss O'Neil, the Mayor specifically asked for... You need to call security and tell them that they can't just let anyone up here. How much fucking clearer do I have to be about nonemployees on the fifth floor? Hey, you didn't see? She's got a badge. Obviously whatever Miller knew he leaked to broadcast. What could he have? There's nothing. He's nothing. Well, he knew about your trip to Canada during the riots. I know that much. Does he have proof? Not to my knowledge, no. Nor does he have a diagnosis. He just-- he knew that you were... sick. Sir, in order for me to help you, I should probably know exactly what... Lewy Body Dementia. Would you please have someone find my wife? Yeah. We should probably get Dr. Harris in here, too, just in case we need to go public with something. ( door closes ) Man: Was it worth it? It was a setup, all right? - The mayor set me up. - Oh, yeah? He hold a gun to your head at the bank? At most he'd have symptoms, nothing specific. But if you're outed for any, they'll want answers-- a diagnosis, to hear from your doctor. Who was supposed to be calibrating medications and controlling this disease so no one would know. I think we're past the point of trying to cover this up. You've done all you can to fight the physical symptoms, even at the expense of your sanity. - I know. - You have to decide what you'd rather be in control of-- your appearance or your mind. I said I know, God damn it! Where's my fucking wife? - It's over, isn't it? - No, it is not! All right, I'll start neuroleptics. Clarity, judgment, no hallucinations-- that's what's important now. If it comes to it, you'll need to explain to the media how little the disease affects his ability to do the job. I'm not sure in good conscience I can say that it won't. Well, it's a little late for conscience. Kitty: Let's see what comes out first-- the extent of it, the accuracy of it. If it is your disease, we hit back hard-- attack the invasion of privacy and then we own it. Or some version of it. No, it'd be the only play at that point. I'll get started on a statement. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Coming up, a political scandal that will shock the state, then what media baron Peter Baine has to say about the "Chicago Sentinel" editor who paid for a front-page story that turned out to be false. - Ben? - Hey. You won't want to miss it tonight at 7:00. - Where are the kids? - My mother's. Is there a problem with the lawyers? No, just felt like we needed to talk. - All right. - So... Heard you on the radio. I assume you made peace with Kane. Superficially. He's not getting reelected, Maggie. Doyle's going to run against him, and he's got 20 years' worth of oppo research to do it with. And you know this because you're on his team now. A lot's changed since I left. Have your higher aspirations? Not at all. Because no unmarried, unwidowed man has been elected president since Buchanan. I am unwell, but I am not unhealthy. Sir, less than a minute. TV announcer: This is WLOZ, Chicago's number one news source at 7:00 with Mollie St. John and Evan Price. Tonight, the robbery of an Evanston jewelry store caught on tape. Evan: A Tinley Park woman stops traffic in an unusual way. But first, a report that threatens to unseat a powerful political figure. Mollie: State Senator Catherine Walsh has been asked to testify before a grand jury in light of suspicion surrounding the death of her aide Tina Patterson. If it's not the lead story, it's not happening. ( phone clatters ) - What the fuck, Jackie? - I'm not you, Sam. I need my job. ( sighs ) He scares me. They scare me. And I can't do what you do. I can't be the one to take him on. There's always other cities. Other homes, other friends, other schools for our kids. Do you know how much I hate that he's getting away with this? You know we can't fight him. We'll be okay. ( sighs ) Yeah. Just not here. Sir, do you need anything before I leave? No. I've hired Kitty back. To take Mona's place. Ezra's. Sir, I get the sense a lot happened today that for some reason I wasn't made privy to. Your proximity to me doesn't make you entitled to anything of mine. Anything. You want to move up, you earn it. Don't expect me to give it to you. And if I do, you damn well better appreciate it. Yes, sir. Good night. 'Night. I know who you are. Does it matter? ( fridge door closes ) I've been trying to reach you. I was out. My phone died. Listen, I'm not feeling well. Can we talk later? You were out... during what could have been the most important 24-hour period of my life. Did something happen? I was faced with a decision-- one I might have had to make without your counsel. Which is strange because... I've come to rely on you through the years, this past one in particular, during which we've become close again, solidified our bond. ( laughs ) Is that what you call it? A form of love, I'd think. ( laughing, wheezing ) That was never what drew us together, Tom. Hand me my oxygen, please. I'm having some trouble breathing. ( wheezing ) Spent as you are. What are you talking about? It's a neurotic state-- infatuation. It diminishes the ability to judge, to make wise choices, to hold firm to established loyalties. ( gasping ) Tom, I need it now. - I know this... - Ah! ...because I have personally experienced it. But unlike you, mine was born of a disease; yours a matter of stupidity! I can't breathe! Do you realize what you gave him? Access. ( mouths word ) Influence. Power! I can't breathe. ( mouthing words ) ( wheezing ) ( beeps ) Mortality is inevitable... but yours will forever be tied to mine. Remember that. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 