Boss: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s1e1 - Listen - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 1 - Listen - full transcript 
 After the discovery of a serious medical condition, Mayor Tom Kane must set things in motion for the upcoming gubernatorial primary while attempting to reconnect with his distant wife and estranged daughter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Take a seat. Please. It's called Lewy body, Abnormal microscopic amounts of protein depositing themselves in the nerve cells of your cerebral cortex and substantia nigra here and here, destroying them over time, atrophying the frontal and temporal lobes, It's rare. It's not Alzheimer's, It's not Parkinson's. But like them, degenerative progression is slow, irreversible and there is no known cure. First, your higher menial functions will deteriorate, orientation, intelligence, insight, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your speech will become unusual, nonsensical at times with unconscious repetition, loss of words, You'll experience increasingly severe visual hallucinations, paranoia, delusions. Depression is common, anxiety more so. Later, as the disease advances, you will see dystonic postures, muscle rigidity, tremors, loss of language, memory, Eventually, you'll not be able to carry out simple daily tasks, Your body movements reduce drastically with fluctuating levels of unconsciousness lasting days to weeks until death. How long? It's hard to say. Three, maybe five years. Could be more, could be less. I can't shake, We could try to mitigate some of that with anti-parkinsonian drugs. What drugs'? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They may acutely worsen the hallucinations and delusions precipitating psychosis. - What drugs? - L-dopa. Combined with rivasligmine. Maybe haloperidol for the neuroleptic side. We'll have to see what works for you. You'll need legal advice, advance directives, power of attorney determining the course of certain ethical decisions. If, for instance, your behavior becomes aggressive, dangerous to yourself and to others, do you want to be medicated or restrained? When your sensory functions deteriorate are we lo rectify through surgery or leave be? You need to make these decisions now, while you still can. Eventually you'll need 24-hour care, somewhere comfortable where your needs can be met, I assume this could be a! home. You might want to talk to your family. There are also support groups, - Elder care. - Thank you, Doctor, Twenty thousand men used to work here, in this place, slaughtering hundreds of thousands of hogs and cattle each day. "Life, "for all its cares and its terrors is no such great thing after all." Laborer or hog. - Sinclair. - Yes. Thanks for meeting me out here, Doctor, - I know you understand, - I understand. I'm ready. Bareheaded, shoveling, wrecking, planning, building, Breaking, breaking. Building, breaking, breaking, building, Breaking, rebuild, break again, rebuilding, They're ready. Turnoufs about 600, Podium is stage right. You'll walk across. Friendlies behind for the cameras packing the first three rows in the pit, Hayes, Rosen, Cullen and his wife sit stage left in that order-. When you introduce them, she'll come first, then Cullen. Kenny Williams is doing your intro, - Williams? What's the... - Stealth bomber. - That's right. - Ladies and gentlemen, the great mayor of this city, Tom Kane. Mr. Mayor, good to see you. Good to see you. All right. Thank you, Kenny, So, who you going for, for first base? - Okay. - Come on, don't mind them. You can tell me. - Later, later. - All right, Kenny Williams, stealth bomber, One hundred eighty years ago, a young man arrived in town by boat, His name was Jeremiah Porter, a Presbyterian minister. What he found was a settlement numbering no more than 300 people. The majority were soldiers stationed at Fort Dearborn, along with some French trappers and pockets of Potawatomi Indians. And among the lot of them, vice was rampant, corruption an accepted way of life. Prostitution, boozing, cards, dice, all forms of gambling were common occupations, Jeremiah Porter set about to change that- He built a church, the first church in the city, the first Presbyterian church of Chicago. And from there he began his work, eradicating gambling, stamping out vice and raising arms against corruption, Today, the First Presbyterian still holds daily services. It stands as a testament to an abiding truth about the nature of this great city, this most American of all cities, Chicago. Go ahead, That always, its darkest elements have given rise to its greatest crusaders of light. Its grafters and gamblers, sinners and corrupters, mob bosses and crooked aldermen have always been met face on by those who would not, could not be corrupted. What the fuck is this'? Men of moral muscle, men of backbone and unimpeachable integrity, men who bareheaded, shoveling, wrecking, planning, building, breaking and rebuilding, made this city and this state what it is today, My friend, Governor Mac Cullen, is such a man. Come on up, Mac. And with your help, Mac is going back to Springfield again and again and again. Cullen, Cullen, Cullen. You're on, Mac. All right, everyone, listen up. Grab your stuff. Salva, Miguelito, bring the 360 trackhoes and the hydro. We're working today, over there. I don't know who the hell cooked up this contract division bullshit, but we've got 1,372 plots to get through and on every single one, I want the same thing, six inches, - That's about a half shovel's length, yes'? - Yeah. Not an inch more. Now when your guys hi! that depth, they stop. Stop, And you call over one of my guys, We can't touch the top soil, You can't touch the coffins. So we're gonna have to work this together. All right, let's go- Let's go-. Come on, guys. No, no dinner. He needs to be out at 8:00 p.m, sharp. What kind of gifts? Ma'am, I need to call you back, okay'? No, I'll call you back. Thank you. - Cullen's called three times since you left. - Get him. And send Stoney in, will you? Cullen's on the line, sir. Put him through, - Tom. - Mac, - Hell of a speech, - Thanks. Hit The Times and The Sentinel already. - How's it looking? - Good. We're going out wide for the next two weeks, Back in town a couple days before the primary, What's the temperature? It's a toxic shit storm anywhere across the 50 where there's a vote, Two, sometimes three termers, wily old sons of bitches with smooth operations, cashed up, good messaging, plenty of grit, getting their behinds handed to them on a sandwich platter. With Walsh's ties to DC, why don'! you just run the ads and watch her self-implode defending them'? Yeah, Walsh. Walsh I know how to take. It's not the main event I'm worried about. It's this primary. Primary's in the bag, Mac, You got Cook County. What else do you need? Yes, of course. Thank you, Tom, Well, I guess that's it- Anything else I can do for you'? I'll be sure to ask. Thanks again, Tom, Mac. All right, I need to know exactly how he's coming at me. When, how, what? Fuck! Is this about O'Hara'? Don't fucking ask questions, This isn't some fucking learning moment, Fucking moron. - How's the kid looking? - He'll be here in an hour. - Is he ready'? - He's ready, His attacks on Cullen are gaining some serious balls, Anybody putting him up to it? No. He either really gives a shit or he's the most ambitious son of a bitch I've ever seen, He's straight, goes to church, family, kids, camera loves him. He's young, but the game has changed. No one cares about that anymore. Stoney, I need five minutes, Sure, Sixty-Mo. - Clinic. Please hold. Emma, - Can I take a message? - Number 62? Can I come in with him'? - Are you family? - Yeah, I'm his nephew, What's your name, sin'? Morrison, Alton Morrison. Date of birth? 05-25-35. Address? - He lives in Englewood, Do you need more than that'? - A zip. -60621. Is he Medicaid or PCA? CHIP? - No. - What's your name? Darius' D, He has emphysema. He's been on inhalers, but he started to feel a lot of pain. The doctor will be with you in a minute-. Ma'am, can I take this? It's private. I can't leave you in here alone. All right, Yeah. I can't right now. Yeah, how much? What.» why'? Man, tell him I can't, dawg, It is what it is, All right, Okay, so what have we here? Mr. Morrison. It was your dad, - My dad? - On the phone, Well, what did he say? Just to call him. 63. Not long ago, financial shortages had placed Noble Square Elementary on a list of imminent school closings. But through its partnership with Scientia, Noble Square's faculty, staff' and students have improved this school to become one of the most successful in the city. Grades are up. Attendance is up. Parents and students are satisfied. Scientia working with local government provided the critical technology required to help turn this school around, Scientia CEO Mike Bosovic is himself an alumnus of Noble Square. So I know how saving this particular school has been of personal importance to him. Good job, everyone. Good job. Mrs. Kane read with students and met the faculty and staff at Noble Square. She's scheduled to continue her meetings with Scientia staff at their headquarters this afternoon-. Let's get some B-roll on the students, You guys want something with a bit more bite? - What did you have in mind? - Miller. Sentinel. Get that, the mold. Get all of that and then swing it back to her. All right, and over here, who remembers what was in this box? Watch out, watch out! Spin it around. Spin it around. Chem'? So, one question. Why did you get into public service? Because I believe in the rote of government to do what the private sector can 't. Provide the safety net necessary for private businesses to thrive. Because I believe in the power of ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Treasurer Zajac is here, sin. - Mr. Mayor. - Good to see you. - Ezra Stone. - I was born here, South Chicago, in the bush. My father worked steel at E.C. Tin every day of his life. And the only thing he ever expected of me was that I would never do the same. So I'm sure you've heard it before. Stanford undergrad, Law at U of C. Then straight to Holland & Dunn in the city, Call it the path of least resistance. One day I realized I would see the whole thing, not just the steps I had taken to get where I was, but every step from there on out as well. The rest of my life in its entirety, It made me feel miserable. I took a job at the Housing Authority, I was overqualified and underpaid. But everything changed. My worst day there was always better than my best in the private sector. From there I ran for State Treasurer and I won, And every day has been nothing but exhilarating since. Because everything I do, every decision that I make, in some small practical way affects the lives of every citizen in this stale, all 12,910,409 of them. And that matters. This fucking kid. Come with me, When Cermak was mayor, he used to come up here all the time. He was a Bohemian, an immigrant. Working class, like you, except he utterly lacked charisma, But he had a gift. He understood people. He was the first to force the Irish into sharing power with the other ethnicities- His "house for all peoples" he called it, From here, he had an uninterrupted view of the whole thing. All 50 wards, North Side, Lincoln Square. The Germans. Northwest, Division and Ashland. Your lot, the Polonia Triangle as well as the Czechs and the Jews, West Side, the Italians. South Side, the blacks. All the rest and in between, the Irish. These were tribes. They hated each other. They fought, maimed, killed and rioted against each other. Cermak weaved a thread through the lot of them and pulled them in, forming the first truly dominant political force this country had ever seen, He did it because he understood something basic about all people. They want to be led, They want their disputes settled. They want their treaties negotiated, their jobs dispensed, their mutinies punished. And they want their loyalties rewarded, To those who lead them to all they want, they give power, It's a covenant, unspoken and elemental. When a pan fails, it needs to be fixed. I want you to run for governor against Mac Cullen in the primary, I want you to come at him from his wing and hammer him with all you got. What makes you think I'd want to do that? Come on, you've been chewing at him for three months straight, Two Sunday op-eds, one in The Sentinel, one in the Sun-Times, six appearances on local television, three on cable, and your speeches at Northwestern, Archer Daniels Midland and Lou Mitchell's Diner, If I didn't know better, I'd say that you've been contriving this face-to-face even before me, because the only thing you're missing is heft-. Here I am, What do you want from me'? You'll know when it comes up. You won't have to ask. Am I supposed to just damage him or go for the whole thing? It's not a matter of degrees. It's not precision surgery. You go after him because it's time to take him out, His numbers are high, There's only three weeks left until the primary. It's an eternity. Three days would be. Don't tell me you have to think about it because I know you don't. Smile, why'? Sometimes it's necessary to let the other guy know you're coming, We've got a situation downstairs, Sir, something urgent. R's my company, Mace industries. Our job here today was to clear the graves from the cemetery and some of my workmen... Who is that? Alberto Moco Ruiz' 30th Ward, South Lawndale. He's one of Lalo Mata's guys, Got the contract to work O'Hare and St. Johannes. What's he doing in front of a fucking camera? For all intents and purposes, we believe it's an old Indian site of some great archeological importance. Where is Mata? Hi, Mr. Miller. Sorry to keep you waiting. Dr- Singh referred you, but I'm a little short in my notes here as to why-. I'd like to apologize, Dr. Singh is an old friend and I've grossly manipulated that friendship to get here to see you. I'm a reporter with The Chicago Sentinel. And I'm doing a story, kind of taking a deeper look at Torn Kane. I know he's been to see you. And given what you specialize in, I think there may be some information here that could be of serious interest to the public, I understand you're bound by confidentiality, but... Thank you, Mr. Miller, Okay. If you change your mind. Mr. Mayor. Haime, my nephew, I hope it's okay if he sits in. Thought he could learn a bit about the context of things. It was a mistake. Tom, you know that we appreciate». I appreciate everything that you have done for us, If this poca madre, if Moco had taken even a moment to stop and think about it, he never would have rushed over there with the cameras like the hijo de that he is, He's not the brightest. But he has his uses, right? His guys are cheap, never been in trouble with ICE. You know we have this saying.» "You don't ask for pears from an elm tree," Moco, he doesn't think. He can't... Slop» Kitty, Six new parallel runways, two new terminals, Entire estimate for the O'Hare modernization program, 15 billion- Total lifespan of the project to date, 22 years. $16 million paid by the city of Chicago to the city of Bensenville to drop its opposition to the expansion and allow for the demolition of 500 homes in its municipality, $620,000 paid to Si. John's United Church of Christ to acquire the 5.32 acres of the St. Johannes cemetery which stand in the way of the proposed expansion and begin land condemnation, grave relocation and family compensation programs. 374 slate court arguments brought before DuPage Circuit Judge Merriam, 174 in federal court, all pertaining to the alleged assaults on the religious beliefs of the families of the interred, all fought and won, Cost to the city, over 10 million. 87 articles of court-ordered respect and dignity etiquettes in dealing with the buried, contractually agreed. Fine for breaking each article, $1,000, per breach. - Heroes of the Underground Railroad. - Tom? Twenty-two fucking years. You think this is easy? Does Moco? I've been accused of bulldozing the First Amendment, of trashing people's constitutional right to rest in peace until Jesus Christ's redemptive resurrection at the world's fucking end! And I've only been dealing here with your average heroes of the Underground fucking Railroad! Veterans of the Civil fucking War! Families who hosted Abraham fucking Lincoln, lying in graves that happen to be lined up east-west because they believed that Christ will return on that axis, which also happens to cut smack fucking bang across two of my runways! You think this is easy'? - Answer me! - No. They don't fucking listen, your people, do they? Fucking listen! I have been called everything from sacrilegious to vile to a fucking grave robber! And I'm doing it all! Browbeating, finessing, pleading, threatening, on my goddamn knees, fucking debasing myself! For what? For the contracts, for the jobs, for the greater fucking glory of this glorious fucking city, for the likes of you and your Mr. Fucking Moco! Fuck! Does he hear me? Can he fucking hear me? Pay attention, son! This right here is the context of things, Thank you for coming, Somebody get me some water! - Next. - Potawatomi, - How long? - Moretti's getting them. By mandating annual testing of children in grades three to eight and setting a 12-year timetable for closing chronic gaps in student achievement, we believe we can meet these goals, Thank you. I wonder if I could have a private word- I had my start in your father's administration, Transportation Authority- So it's an honor to be working with you now and your husband, Mr. Bosovic, I hope it's okay if we bypass idle chatter. Yes, of course. The conditions in that school today were a disgrace. I know, and I apologize, We try, but sometimes we come across odd forms of intransigence, particularly from faculty- But I assure you, our goal always is to strive for what's best for the children. My husband's administration has allocated $2 billion over five years lo be dispensed to joint public-private enterprises targeted expressly at servicing the city's schools, companies like Scientia. He ushered the funds through the city council with no public hearings, and he put my hand on the spigot, Please do not mistake my concern for today's mishap as a tell for a bleeding heart, We're interdependent. What reflects poorly on you reflects poorly on me and on the Mayor, There's a minimum standard across all of your company's line of services that'll be enough to keep prying eyes away-. Please meet it, I don't care how you do what you do. I care about how it looks. Yes? Yes, Mayor Kane and Chief English of the Potawatomi Nation are both very excited about the possibility of a major new archeological discovery. And the Mayor feels very strongly that all elements of the find should be housed in a museum for proper preservation, And we've already had contact with both the Field Museum and Smithsonian Institute, but the Mayor prefers a local museum, so that people can come to Chicago, see the treasures of our nation's past- Maybe stay in a hotel, buy a cup of coffee, a commemorative mug. Sir, does this call the ownership of the land into question? No questions, please, How does this affect O'Hara, sin'? I don't know. What's it gonna take, fellows'? Airport casino? Proud builders, Okay, that's it. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. Thank you very much for coming, Thank you. That guy was two years ahead of me at Yale Law. Now he's dropping his pronouns and wearing sacks. It works. Find out what that hands and builders nonsense was about. If this guy's gunning for an O'Hare contract, let him bid against Mata's guy. Fuck them both - I need something to get those maggots on the City Council off my back, something to give me control over the cemetery without their oversight, Find something they can't vote against, something today. Nurses? Cops? Firemen? What about trash? You know, throughout almost all of its history, golf has been associated with the most phenomenally stupid clothing ever conceived for a sport. You see, all sports, when they first come onto the scene, have idiotic clothing, That's 'cause they want to grab attention, credibility, They want to grow. Bu! as they become more established, they become more austere. What about ice dancing? That is the exception, But the rule still holds, And you see, this is the same exact trajectory that ethnicities take when they first come to this country- At first they're all flash and dash, Hair greased, hot wheels, pimp clothing, pimp jewelry. Bu! as they become more established, they become more austere in their tastes, Look at the Italians, the Irish, the Greeks, the Jews. Except the blacks. The blacks are the exception, They're like ice dancing. But for everyone else this is the truth, As time passes, they begin to understand the value of modesty, of group strength, of groups making collective decisions, of keeping your mouth shut and checking up the ranks, Perdóname, Lalo. - You understand, though? - Si. - Good, I don't know where my ball has landed. You know, I think it might have floated into those trees over there. - You guys think you can help me find it? - Yes, sir. - Moco'? - Por favor, Lalo, I am fourth generation, Moco. You will speak to me in my language, - Please. - Come, come, let's go-. Otherwise, we're gonna have to yield the field of play here. You and your furrowed brow. You think you unearthed this? He is toying with us, And this fucking thing! Every time you show me something on this, it's a goddamn». Isn't there a bunch of private shit on that thing? Yes, sir. Well, go get it then. - The chair recognizes Alderman Mata, - Thank you, Mr. President, The matter now before the Council, ordinance P02011-3. To extend city trash collection services for a period of 12 months from this date and to appropriate the necessary funds to continue said services. - Ordinance has been read. - Thank you, Mr. President. - I'd like to read out a proposed amendment. - You may read the amendment, Amendment to the ordinance, "To designate any and all potential archeological finds "at the grounds known as St. Johannes Cemetery, O'Hare adjunct, "under the sole authority of his honor, the Mayor..-" - Mr. President. -"...to determine all decisions and actions -"affecting said archeological finds." - Mr- President, on the merits---... - On the merits of the amendment... - If I may, the language of the amendment contains all that there really needs to be said or known. Without oversight? Without oversight? Just hand the authority over? If my colleague has an actual objection». You're damn right I do. Hoodwinkery, - We are being hoodwinked. - That is not an actual objection. Tying this lo trash collection? Mr. President, this is outrageous, I ask that we debate the merits of the amendment alone. We have had neither the opportunity nor the time to do this. - We need to debate this, Mr. President, - Call for a vote, I mean, people talk about business as usual.» I call for a vote! - Excuse me, Mr. President. - I mean, you can't just pass this over us and have us think we're not gonna do anything about it, Mr. President, call to a vote on this amendment! - We have to debate this. - I call for a vole, Mr. President. I mean, if you're gonna play by the rules, we've got to debate this, Mr. President, Point of order. I call for a vote! Call for a vole. No, no, full vote. Mr. President, are you gonna listen to me'? Order. Order! Hand over the hardware, What? Laptops, Blackberries, phones, iPads. All of it. No word in, no word out. No Twitter, no Face-book, nothing- The amendment stands. Each of you will remain here until you can decide what it is you wish to do. I expect a simple up or down vote, If the motion loses, I will make every single vote publicly known- You can explain your decision to your constituents on your own. Let the streets run with shit. So Zajac's news will hit in the morning. We're expecting lukewarm in the opinions, and nothing in the polls as anticipated. You'll stay with Cullen for now. We have a statement ready if needed confirming your ongoing support-. The wording is taken from one of your own speeches, crusader of light and so on. - You want to see it? - Who wrote it? - Kitty, - No. The drop on Cullen, when it comes, and your pivot away, we think the best way is to go with a single source. Exclusive, anonymous, That way the rest of the media will devour each other either trying to outdo it or debunk it, - Good. Who? - Sam Miller, Sentinel. We've kicked his tires. No known political affiliations- Not a beat guy. Not one of our guys either. - Did an expose on city hall last year. - Remind me. A handful of aldermen ran their mouths off to him for a month, forgetting who he is and he printed all of it, Stupid shit they and their asshole aides usually say, Only surprising if you believe them to be paragons of intellect in the first place, It left him with a reputation for not being afraid to burn bridges- Truth is, he doesn't have any. Bu! that's his brand and so he's perfect for this. Anything else? Yeah, one more thing, These were taken today, He was asking her about you. She threw him out, That's Miller on the right, - Who took these? - One of my guys, Like I said, we're kicking his tires, - How much do you know? - All I've told you. Keep it to that, - And her? - What do you think? I think a gentle reminder of certain oaths-. Remind her, I need some medication, - Quietly. - What do you need? I want to do this alone. He's quiet, - Hey. - What's up? I was just driving here and I saw you. Yeah, I walk here. - Hows your uncle'? - He's all right. They said you organized for the breathing device, right? Yeah. Well, he needed it. Thank you. Can I give you a lift somewhere? Are you.» Are you looking for something? Yeah. All right, Sorry, I didn't know there was anyone in here. It's just your suit for tonight's dinner, -ls it just a speech'? - No, I couldn't get them to back down, You'll be receiving the Latino Business Association Chairman's Award' Can't phone monkey out there bring that in for me? Yes, he can. You are where you are. I've always liked the fact that you are unencumbered by excuses for it. Don't undermine yourself with shit like this. Yes, sir. Sir, I hope you don't mind me asking, but is everything all right? How long have you worked for me'? - Eight years. - Eight years. Don't ask me that again. Yes, sir. This is it, You want to wait here'? No, I'll come with you. All right, All right, just wait here, okay? So”, - Meredith, - Tom. - How long is this thing going to take? - Forty-five minutes. Mix! There we go. This is a neuromuscular blocker. It's temporary. Please try to pay attention. Hippocrates, in part, "Whatever, in connection with my professional service, "I see or hear in the life of men which ought not to be spoken of, "I will not divulge, "as reckoning that all such knowledge should be kept secret." I know you can't nod. I will assume you understand the content of this message. Who was that? Just give Mommy a moment, Ladies and gentlemen, our friend, Thomas Kane. You are the new energy. We are the sediment, the layers beneath. You are the topsoil, the good stuff. Working, toiling. This is your time because achievement does not frighten you. You know, we have an expression about pulling yourself up by your bootstraps, And I think the closest thing you guys have to it is, here I go.» Am I right'? "He who wants fish has to get his ass wet" My friends, as long as you're willing to get yours wet, I will get mine wet right along with you-. Thank you. Mr. Mayor, when you speak, we listen. Thanks for doing that, - Maybe I'll stay at the house tonight. - You do what you want, Tom. - Frank, you got your Sox cap? - Yeah. Hand it over, will you'? And pullover, please, Fellas, I'm gonna need the car, Give me the coat. Thanks, Pat. You can pick this up later at the house, Kitty, - What's your real name'? - That is my real name. Wait five minutes, - Hello? - Yeah, I got this number from Ezra Stone, - You know how this works? - No. You tell me what you need. I tell you when and where. Come alone, mm off your phone. Not standby, off. - Is there a GPS in your car - No. All right, tell me what you need. - Hello? - Dad. Emma. You called me? No, no, I... How are you'? - Wait. - What is it, Dad? Listen, Emma, I'm sorry, I've got to call you back. Five minutes. Can you give me a number? The only one I have is at the church. You know, I'm gonna call you back, Dad. - No, Emma. - No, I'll call you. Wail, - I said no phone. - Look, I'm sorry. Please. Wait there. Atamet. Exelon. Aloperidin, You know who I am'? No. It's all there. Gifts from God for the children of God, The body of Christ. The body of Christ. Hey, I missed you earlier, I just wanted to thank you again for what you did for my uncle. - Thank you for coming, - No problem, - Good night. - Thank you for coming, Fellas, Thanks, - Em ma? Jr's Stone. YUP The ordinance, we're still four yeas shy of a majority, Who's holding out'? Ross and his gang of six, the South Side Nine, the entire Googoo Block. Carmona, Brown, Sallstrom, Dasgupta, Riche, Solomou. None of them can afford to vote no so they're all sweating it out hoping someone else cracks first. It's a fun little game of chicken they're playing in there. All city waste-management operators have already been warned. Starting in the morning, nothings getting picked up-. Looks like we'll have a fight on this one. So be it-. Yeah. You got what you were looking for'? Yes, Thanks, - Good night, Stoney. - Boss. - You're awake. - Yeah. We need a plumber, Okay. The garbage disposal, it's broken, All right, I'll gel someone at the office to send someone. Thank you. Meredith. Tom, Good night. Good night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 