Boss: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e1 - Louder Than Words - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 1 - Louder Than Words - full transcript 
 Tom Kane cements his mayoral legacy with a lavish ceremony celebrating the groundbreaking of the new modernized O'Hare terminals. Now Kane looks to the future, setting his sights on reviving a subsidized housing project. While his political future seems bright, Kane continues to battle for control over his disease. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Harris: It's called Lewy Body. Degenerative progression is slow, irreversible, and there is no known cure. Dr. Harris, I'm a reporter. I think there may be some information here that could be of serious interest to the public. I'm here to discuss your relocation. This is not a request. I want you to run for governor against Mac Cullen in the primary. Ben, primaries are four days away. Are you focusing? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am, on you. I need to see you. Man: We are projecting a win for Ben Zajac. We won! Kane has changed. We don't act now, we may lose the opportunity of both our political lifetimes. Change is in the air. We have to realign ourselves. Do you have what it takes? I want names. Who?! Tom: Every person who has plotted against me will feel the force of my wrath. No one will be left unscathed. - Police! - Tom: Why did you do it? The only end that matters to you now is you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I can't abide by that. - Tom: What would you advise I do now... - ( Gunshot ) ...given I know what you've done? You will have to choose where you stand. It will be up to you to prove your commitment. ( crying ) Tom. ( Theme music playing ) Boss 2x01: "Louder Than Words" Original air date on August 17, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ ( vocalizing ) Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com Harris: It's an acute acceleration of the disease-- muscle rigidity, whole-body tremors. These are hallmarks. Tom: So it wasn't a seizure? Harris: If there wasn't a lack of consciousness, no. It's progressing. Faster than expected. I'm assuming you haven't been taking antipsychotics. Hallucinations have been minimal. There's an awareness. I can cope. Not inclined to make physical matters worse than they are. It was shortsighted of me to think I could manage without monitoring, calibration. Trust was an issue. Sam Miller-- what did you say to him? I-- nothing. Couldn't have said much in a call of less than a minute. I was attacked, threatened, made to move. He is no longer a part of the equation, the purveyor of those actions. I didn't realize what he was capable of. You must miss them-- your friends, your family. Can't have been easy to start over for either of you. There is a school-- good, private, and specific in terms of your son's academic struggles. Enrollment can be secured. And I understand there's an opening in neurology at Lindner. I have to get back. Work to do. The tremors can be suppressed for a time, but without neuroleptics-- Awareness. Force of will. You're not God. You don't want to shake? How do you feel about seeing monsters or believing you can fly? Your personality, your judgment, the way you look at the world-- all those things will be compromised. Soon. Purpose. I have purpose. Mr. Mayor, you have to know your best days are behind you. Driver: Mr. Stone was a good man. It's what you leave behind. ( Door opens ) Sweetheart. - That happened during your arrest? - No. What do you want? I bear no responsibility, having not been made aware of this plan, this maneuver. Blame, if it must be placed, lies with your father, a man who is willing to sacrifice that which is most precious for his political survival. It's the life he chose, Mom. What is it exactly, his illness? Oh, come on, Emma. You don't owe him anything, least of all protection. I don't understand why it's come to this, why you are the way you are. The men, the drugs. Look at you. You used to be good, a smart girl with a future. It's called Lewy Body. He has three to five years. What's your future look like? - Morning, sir. - Morning, Rick. - Yo, it's been two weeks, man. You need to do something. - Hey, hey, hey! Get the fuck off me. I'm just trying to talk to him. - You need to do something. Get the fuck off me. - It's all right. - Settle down. - It's all right. Let him go. If this young man has something to say to me, I should hear it. It's all right. Give him some space. Come on. Thank you, Rick. You got to get her out. Sadly the Department of Corrections is outside my purview. Man, bullshit. Your purview put her there, man. What kind of man does that? Sends his own daughter to jail-- Don't you fucking dare to judge my actions. If I hadn't pissed in the faces of federal agents preempting their raid, she'd be stuck in Joliet's general population right now. The fact that she is where she is at all isn't because of me. It's because of a piece-of-shit drug dealer like you. I've heard what you had to say. I'll take it under consideration. Remember to vote. Man, if you don't get her out, I swear-- You'll do what? The only thing that's believable about you is that you have the unmitigated stupidity to threaten the mayor of Chicago. You okay, sir? He won't be pulling a lever for me. - Don't bother with a report. - Okay. Ian: CNN and Fox are both covering the groundbreaking ceremony. We've got national feeds to the three nets, state and local affiliates, confirmed print pubs, "New York Times," "Washington Post," "USA Today," the "Wall Street Journal," the "Sentinel." I'm assuming you saw the editorial on the ordinance. Poaching real estate from the Housing Authority to line the pockets of his fat-cat friends all in the name of urban renewal. Would you like me to un-invite-- 22 goddamn years to stick a single shovel in the ground for the O'Hare expansion. That's an abuse of power, all the obstructionists on the city council. Fuck the "Sentinel." And why am I talking to a goddamn temp? - I... - How long are you on loan for? Another few weeks. Though Alderman Driscoll being a woman does provide a loophole if it was a gentleman's agreement. As far as the Housing Authority ordinance, we're on track for the vote tomorrow. A request for postponement was denied and you have a solid majority in place. In terms of Ezra Stone's replacement, we've received several CVs. Who? Advisor from Congressman Wexer's office. Chief of staff from-- Who requested the postponement? Ross: Want anything? I'm fine. - I think I have some juice. - I'm not staying. Never mind. No juice. Sit. Sorry to bother you at home, but the vote is scheduled for tomorrow. Which? Lennox Gardens. This isn't one we can lose. You'd be surprised what you can live without. Quinn, Costigan, and Kowalski all have concerns about gang activity spilling into their wards if the Gardens come down. If we promise support on the transit ordinance coming up next month, I think we can swing them. Mm-hmm. Even with that and our caucus voting in a block, it would be tight. You know I'm grateful, don't you? - Sir. - It's important to me that you know how much you are valued. 3,200 units-- mothers, children, extended families, friends, not to mention 10,000 registered voters making the Gardens a substantial part of your base. You know why I hired you? Because you have an impressive mind. This isn't just a housing project. Allowing Kane unchecked control will devastate an entire community. It's your concern that I find most attractive. ( Sighs ) Thanks for taking the time. I'll do what I can. Mona. Get up off the mat... sir. Mrs. Kane. Hi. Ian Todd. I've been assisting your husband since, well... Pleasure to meet you. I've long been an admirer of Chicago's First Lady. Excuse me. If you'll just give me a moment, I'd like to make sure the mayor is not in the middle of something. ( Chuckles ) I hardly think it's your place to determine when I can or cannot see my husband. Wouldn't you agree? Yes, ma'am. There's more than one oversight. Sitting Sudar next to Lawson. Amateur. I'm sure you're feeling the loss of both Ezra and Kitty. And I suspect you're trying to manage everything yourself. But despite what is no doubt a valiant effort, you can't do it alone. Things are falling through the cracks. I've made the appropriate changes to the seating chart. Perhaps now a clash of the titans can be avoided at the ceremony. Titans, my ass. Parasites, all of them. Thank you. I saw Emma. How is she? Angry. Holding up. I'm trying to arrange for a release. State's attorney is being a real prick about it. Did she tell you about me? What's our plan, Tom? ( Chuckles ) Murder, robbery, the selling of drugs, rape-- if you've been convicted of these crimes, - ( applause ) - Reporter: A new statewide poll suggests Senator Walsh has gained ground with this message. Walsh is getting traction with this anti-felon thing. Apparently she's raised over three million this quarter. Disclosure smoke and mirrors. The bill's never gonna pass anyway. Kane wouldn't let anything touch Cook County voter rolls. Have you talked to him? - That doesn't strike you as odd? - Not really. I mean, when was the last time he called you or you had a coordinated public appearance with him? Maggie, I'm giving the introduction at the O'Hare ceremony. But when was the last time you got any real press coverage? The kind Walsh is getting now? When is he gonna infuse some money into your war chest? Don't worry. The money'll come. Three million, Ben. ( Shower running ) ( phone vibrating ) - ( shower running ) - Hey, it's me. Um, where the hell have you been? Uh, I need you for the campaign, so call me. ( Chimes ) ( knocking ) - Woman: Do you want anything? - I'm okay, Mom. You're not eating near enough. I'm not hungry. - Ballsy editorial, man. - ( Cheering ) - All right. - All right! Okay, enough. Enough already. Four articles, emailed to you late last night, hard copies on your desk since 6:00 this morning. - Can I get approval, please? - Yeah, I looked them over. It's pretty bite-sized stuff, Jackie. You only gave me five column inches. I know, but-- whatever. Just let me give them a quick polish. Dr. Harris, you track her down yet? No. No referrals on the disconnected number. And before you ask, yes, I did follow up with the police on Stone's murder. While they have no leads, there have been a few burglaries in the Near North area where he lived. Come on. Just so we're clear, you're gonna take a pass at my articles and I'm free to move on? To a piece on how much this O'Hare extravaganza is costing the taxpayers. As opposed to covering the actual news? If you can't find the doctor, find Kitty O'Neill. She was a no-show at Stone's funeral. I'm just gonna say it. No one cares, Sam. No one cares and no one reads. They skim. They click on links. They watch. What they don't do is cozy up to a 10-page bullshit conspiracy theory investigative piece on the mayor. They know he's corrupt. They don't give a shit! Jackie, I'm not enjoying the insubordination. Do your job. You are a fucking despot. City of "I will." I will. City of "I will." Always preferred that city motto to the one about it being a garden. Don't do that. - Sir? - Don't interrupt me with attempts at relevance. Leadership of the Progressive and Latino Caucuses - are ready for you downstairs. - Did you get me a name? The request for a vote postponement came from Alderman Ross' office, his senior advisor Mona Fredricks. I'll need a new whip count. Something else I shouldn't have to tell you. Perhaps now isn't the time, but I also received a copy of the introduction speech Mr. Zajac wrote for tomorrow. - ( Scoffs ) Kill it. - Sir? Strangers, acquaintances. None of you have any idea who I am. No speech. No press for anyone. Let them just sit there and listen. Keep their damn mouths shut. ( Tom sighs ) Walsh: Narcissus staring at himself in the lake and making every major media outlet in the country watch. Tina: It'll be a virtual press blackout for us. Perhaps you should take advantage of the lull, ma'am. There's no coasting in politics. Not here, anyway. Oh, for Christ's sakes. Somebody get me a Coke. So what do we got, then? Six stops between Carbondale and Rockford culminating in a rally at the Knox County Fair. It may not get a lot of press that day, but we'll get bodies. Decatur, Bloomington, Champaign. All cities of over 50,000 with a strong voter profile in your favor. Right, so while we're out here preaching to the choir, Kane's spending money on O'Hare like a drunken sailor and grabbing power from the Housing Authority. Somebody want to tell me why we're not capitalizing on either? Well, we have a number of high-end fundraisers scheduled in addition to public appearances. You really think my judging a steer contest at the county fair is going to help my numbers? But to cancel is to run the risk of alienating. My base wants me to win. That's it. And they know the only way I get into office is by stripping votes out of Chicago. Let's head back, find those pockets of neglect and fear, the wards adjacent to Lennox Gardens. He takes his day, I'll take mine. Are you sure you're up for that? You know, with your leg? - Brass tacks? - By all means. This ordinance is a tough sell. ( laughs ) For the Progressives, maybe. But the Latino Caucus has always made an effort to accommodate matters of interest to the mayor. Ian, get the alderman a treat. He's being so obedient. ( Stifled laugh ) Leave the room, please. The problem is I haven't seen a viable relocation proposal. I have similar concerns. - What Adriana means is-- - I don't need a translator. What I need is assurance that the Lennox Gardens residents won't be dumped into the 30th. And if Lalo were here, he'd be saying the same thing. - Lalo valued unity. - He valued his job. - Do you? - Of course. I'm honored to have been appointed to my husband's seat. Then I look forward to stumping for you in your next election, Mrs. Mata. ( laughs nervously ) We'll advise our caucus members of our continued support for you, sir. Thanks, Carlos. Adriana. Tom, I want to work with you on this, but the Progressive Caucus has never been so fractured. And between Mata, Ross, Ezra, there's a power vacuum going on. My opinion-- it's not a great time to move on this. It means that much to you? It does. Well, then, I guess now's the time. - ( Knocks ) - Ben: Walsh is closing the gap. I'm not worried about it. Thank you. What's your name? Patty. Appreciate you volunteering. You'll get a big bounce after the expansion ceremony. And then it's back to the usual spread. She's got downstate, you've got Kane. When is the last time anyone from his organization coordinated with ours? Oh, for God's sake, Ben. You'll be seen with him tomorrow. And not just on WGN. He's giving you a national platform. Be fucking grateful. - Did you look at my speech? - Not yet, no. - How's that game of Words With Friends? - Heh. What the hell? I'm checking my email. - Fuck. - What is it? Motherfucker. He cut my introduction. Shit. You doing all right? I mean, I know you and Stone went way back. Not as far as you and me. Who are you calling old? I want you to introduce me at the O'Hare expansion ceremony tomorrow. ( Sighs ) Are you out of your tree? I'm no politician. Exactly why I want you to do it. You know who I was, who I am. - It's just a few words. - I don't know, Tom. I'll even write the damn thing for you. Think about it. You visit Emma yet? I'm not sure she wants to see me. She'll come around. You had to do it. She knows you couldn't play favorites. You're the mayor. Though you'll always be the kid with the smart mouth to me. ( Tom chuckles ) Kavanaugh: Couple of lookers, huh? I mean me and you, of course. The occasion, it eludes me. I can't even remember their names. - Can you? - Not a clue. We both did all right back in the day if you recall. I suppose we did. So you'll do my intro, then? ( Typing ) ( door opens ) - Thank you. - Mr. Baine. This is a surprise. I see you've gotten comfortable. I have. ( Sighs ) Do you know how much this paper represents in terms of all of my media holdings, Mr. Miller? I believe it's one-half of 1%. I mention it not to suggest that the "Sentinel" isn't important to me. It is, very. In fact, if it weren't, I wouldn't be here with you now. - Okay. - I read your editorial. I think it's some of my best work. McGantry Enterprises, Nyco, Tizer-- you know what those are? Evil, monolithic corporations? They're businesses with a stake in the redevelopment of an area currently known as Lennox Gardens. With all due respect, you said I could go after Kane at will if I rode out that one news cycle. Just the one. I did that. This isn't about the mayor. This is about the bottom line-- ours. See, Jack Bentley understood this. Did I make a mistake in letting him go? No, you did not. Well, I'm relieved to hear it and so will our previously mentioned corporate friends. Like you, they'll be attending the O'Hare expansion ceremony. In fact, while you're there, you might consider apologizing for your misguided opinion. Ask them to reconsider pulling their ads from our publication. Yes, sir. And buy yourself a decent suit. You look like shit. The groundbreaking ceremony is tomorrow. I only wish you could be there for it. The new terminal is a part of your legacy, too, after all. I'm going to make sure Tom names one after you. Won't that be nice? I'm sure you haven't given this much thought, but my father was a man of action. He found things like talk shows to be a rather hollow exercise. He shouldn't be forced to endure them now simply because a caregiver was too unconcerned to ask what he might prefer to watch. It was news. Primarily local. Yes, ma'am. I'll get his clothes. Now, there we are. He's sick, Daddy. You may outlive him after all. You're letting nostalgia cloud your judgment. Alderman Ross' commitment to this community has nothing to do with my personal affiliations. Violent crimes in that area are 3% higher than anywhere else in the city. The Gardens were thriving until the mayor slashed the 21st law enforcement budget in his first term. And now he cites crime rates as a reason to evict poor families? Today... an unemployment rate quadruple the state's average-- that is the Lennox Gardens we're discussing, Miss Fredricks. The mayor's redevelopment could create hundreds of jobs that could eventually go to current residents. Really? To untrained, unskilled workers? Tom: Living in better housing, in better school districts. Where is Alderman Ross? I haven't seen him since he sacrificed the dignity of his position on live television. Taking hundreds of foreclosures off the market and turning them into rental properties suggests a win for the banks, Mr. Mayor, not the people of the 21st ward. Alverson: So instead of gang-infested blight, we'd have people living in single family homes. You know, I'm baffled as to why you can't seem to see the upside-- Because they can't afford to live in them. What we're really talking about here is permanent displacement. Alverson: New transit systems. I've reviewed the mayor's proposal. I've also reviewed his record. With the exception of Mr. Alverson, the Black Caucus is united. And Alderman Ross has 14 solid nays. If your employer wants to be a factor in this negotiation, tell him to show up for work. Otherwise, it may be time for the Black Caucus to find new leadership. Thank you all for coming. - ( distant siren blaring ) - ( Rap music playing ) Oh. Yo, is Trey even here? It's taking him-- it's been a while, man. ( laughs ) Look at cuz. Hope you ain't mind the wait. Getting ready for work. Get my tie for me. Doing politics with our new ward boss. Knocking on doors, registering voters. Might even make it to alderman at some point. What's wrong? You never thought you'd see my ass straight up, huh? Are you? Straight up? Thanks, baby. You came all the way over here to ask me that, man? No, no. I need your help, man. ( laughs ) You need my help? You ain't one of my guys. Never have been. And you know that. That's why I ain't got to do shit for you. I need you to get to someone for me. I want to thank you all so much for being here today and allowing me to spend some time in beautiful Ashburn. - Man: Thank you. - Woman: All right. But I can't imagine it was easy keeping it this way. Because while Mayor Kane siphons money from the state budget for pet projects like the O'Hare expansion, he robs working people of money needed for their schools, their clinics, their libraries. And now the mayor has an urban renewal program which would call for relocating families to this neighborhood, a neighborhood that is already overtaxed and underserviced by city government. We don't have enough cops as it is. So how are we supposed to protect ourselves when these project people start moving in? This is not a matter of race. What concerns me, and should concern all of you, is that public money is being spent for the benefit of everyone but the working class. There is no running for governor a fifth time. If she doesn't take Springfield this year, she never will. Walsh knows that. So rather than you losing ground, she's made gains. Minor. Temporary. Obviously she won't be able to poach Cook County votes in any significant way. Anti-felon bill be damned. But she is trying. Which is why I think it's important that I have your clear and visible support as early as possible in the race. - You think it's important? - Just in a sense-- Mixed messages. I don't follow. Of course you don't follow. Nobody fucking follows. 20 years of cajoling, pushing, fighting, ultimately succeeding-- it deserves its own moment, a singularity of intent. What's been done for the city, what will be done-- that is the message that must be communicated, not a pitch for the candidate who's become material in the last month. Last thing-- Rick Mathers, my campaign manager. He's only ever run alderman races. He's not focused, he's not driven, he's not helping. I think we need to make a change. Do what you need to do. I look forward to the O'Hare ceremony. Should be something. Oh, and don't talk to the press while you're there. At all. Make yourself as small a target as possible-- that's the key. But taken to an extreme, one risks becoming... invisible. How can I help you, Miss Fredricks? As you know, Alderman Ross is opposed to the ordinance allowing Lennox Gardens to be pulled from the Housing Authority's control. No, thanks. Luncheon with budget management today. Gonna need it. I understand you're voting with the mayor. That's right. The streets in your ward are about to become metered, despite four attempts on your part to pass legislation blocking it. Free parking-- it's a surprisingly strong issue for your constituents. It is. Cold out today. It'll be fall before you know it, Alderman Vukovich. I'm putting a new version of my ordinance on the docket in October. Still won't have any friends in the chambers, because you don't. Alderman Ross and myself, we've got lots of friends. Was he married? No. But he meant something to you. It wasn't like that. Why did you come home, Kitty? I told you already. I just needed to get away for a bit. Tell me what you did... to lose your job. Nothing. ( Mumbling ) The city of "I will." ( continues mumbling ) The world entering our city is to be made wider still. Portal. ( Continues mumbling ) Mr. Mayor. Can I get you a coffee? Something to eat? Just give me the whip count. Mona Fredricks has locked in the majority of the Black Caucus, though we still have a solid yea from Alverson. Progressives are split. It's looking like a tie, which, of course, you could break with the deciding vote. Is that all? I was unable to connect with Alderman Vukovich, - though she's a likely yea. - Likely. We could postpone the vote, give ourselves enough time-- What part of "I don't want to postpone the fucking vote" do you not understand?! I'm throwing the biggest goddamn party of my political career tomorrow. And the guest of honor is an ordinance that allows me the power to actually fix something without having to wait for 20 fucking years. Now you're telling me some-- some... bullshit legislative end run is going to stop me. ( Sighs ) Look, I worked with Ezra for 30 years. I can try to track Vukovich down. I'll handle that. ( Siren wailing ) Jesus Christ. License and registration, please, ma'am. Do you know why I pulled you over? One second. Let me get my credentials. Have you been drinking, ma'am? I had a glass of wine with lunch. Dina Vukovich, Alderman for the 14th ward. I really need to get back to chambers for a vote. I'm gonna need you to step out of the car for a sobriety test, please. Then send Mitchell to the Commerce Commission. I don't give a shit. - Mitchell's in DC for a trade conference. - He's in DC. Then why the fuck am I stuck here in Springfield? Never mind. What else? Secretary: Governor Cullen, State Treasurer Zajac is on the line. How's that for big brass balls? Governor Cullen. Ben: Hey, Governor, how are you? Look, what happened in the primary, that was seriously messed up. And I want you to know how sorry I am for my part in it. Obviously I was in over my head. But, look, nothing I can do about it now and here we are. Here we are. So I'm sure you've seen the polls. This race is a lot tighter than anyone expected - and old Kane is MIA in his support. - Huh. So I was wondering, any weaknesses of Walsh's I should be attacking? Weaknesses? Look, Mac, if she wins, she's gonna undo four terms of your hard work. Kane may not care about the state, but I know that you do. Huh, I appreciate that. And this is my advice to you, Mr. Zajac. Eat shit. ( laughs ) ( buzzer sounds ) Ian: Alderman Vukovich? My name is Ian Todd. I work for the mayor. He asked me to reach out on his behalf and help in any way he could. - Thank you. Thank you so much. - Of course. I'm told that you were pulled over by a police officer. I am not drunk. But you refused a breathalyzer. I'm sure if you were to take the test now, it would prove you well below the legal limit for alcohol. That's right. Unfortunately there's a lot of paperwork involved in securing your release and the dropping of charges. It'll take a while. But the mayor, aware of your commitment to voting on all ordinances, thought you might want to arrange for yours to be cast by proxy. Ortiz: Lennox Gardens can and will be reborn. It can be made better. It can and will be a symbol of pride for this city, not shame, not fear, not failure. That can't happen without a steady hand, a guiding force, a visionary. And it won't happen by committee, particularly one paralyzed by-- Move to close the debate. I second the motion. Let the voting begin on the ordinance to remove Lennox Gardens from the jurisdiction of the Chicago Housing Authority. Alderman Mata. Yea. I don't know where Vukovich is, - but you'd better go find that bitch now. - Alderman Williams. Williams: Nay. - Clerk: Alderman Larkowski. - Yea. Alderman Ross. Mona Fredricks with the alderman's proxy. I vote nay. Clerk: Alderman Driscoll. Yea. - Clerk: Alderman Holden. - Yea. - Alderman Ryan. - Yea. - Alderman Thomas. - Nay. Alderman Vukovich. Alderman Vukovich. Ian Todd with the alderman's proxy. - I vote yea. - ( Chamber murmuring ) - Clerk: Alderman Brown. - Nay. - Alderman Perry. - Nay. If we lose the majority, Kane votes in a tiebreaker and wins. That can't happen. It means too much to too many people. I need you to vote against him on this. You know I can't do that, Mona. Don't make me play this card, Alan, because I will post your crazy shit all over the goddamn Internet if I have to. Clerk: Alderman O'Connor. - We have a deal. - O'Connor: Nay. We got a new one. - Clerk: Alderman Meyers. - Nay. Alderman Alverson. Alderman Alverson. Nay. ( Chamber murmuring ) Clerk: Alderman Richie. This is bullshit! What are you trying to prove, you son of a bitch? - Take it easy! - Tom: Order! - Order! - ( Clamoring ) - ( pounds gavel ) - Order. Order. - ( Pounds gavel ) - Order! Man: Break it up! The vote is suspended. - ( Chamber groans ) - Clear the chamber. - ( pounds gavel ) - Clear it! Not today. It's this kind of crap that makes it impossible to do what we need to do. Kissing ad exec ass. Who are we writing for, fucking Macy's? At least you're in the VIP section, have a good view. Of mayoral masturbation? It's not what I signed up for. No? Well, that's what everyone else will be doing, too, - if it's any consolation. - It's not. How do I look? Good, except for the tags. Yeah. Someone from Rosehill Cemetery is calling for you. Tom: Take stock of it all.  Breathe it in. Look into their faces and you'll realize that they want you to succeed at what you're doing. Then you let it all go and just speak, like you're talking to me, the kid with the smart mouth. I've stared in the face of killers, never once blinked. Up there, I might just piss myself. ( Chuckles ) You'll be fine. Sir, your wife's arrived. ( Cameras clicking ) Excuse me. Get a hold of yourself. Reporter: Mrs. Kane, are you happy to be here today? Oh, yes. It's a beautiful day, too. Mrs. Kane, would you consider this your husband's biggest achievement? Absolutely. It's a battle he's fought for years. And that he's never wavered in his desire to modernize our most important gateway is a testament to his commitment to the city. Which is not to say he hasn't had a lot of help from his lovely wife. Mr. McGantry, how big a role do you see your company playing in the expansion? McGantry Enterprises has always played a part in city re-development and will continue to do so. As long as its CEO behaves himself. Fiscally, of course. Wow. Quite a production for a groundbreaking. Yeah. It might just be easier to go around. Oh, that's right, you're not allowed to campaign. Fuck it. Let's go this way. ( Reporters clamoring ) Treasurer Zajac! Do you have Kane's full support? The mayor is a great man. He's a friend and mentor to my husband, and I'm grateful each and every day for his steadfast support of Ben's campaign. - Reporter: Mrs. Zajac! - No one said I couldn't talk. ( TV playing ) Reporter: Coming up, we are live at the site of what will soon be two new terminals here at O'Hare Airport and where Mayor Tom Kane is expected to speak in... Turn the channel. Some of the biggest names in Chicago's business community will be in attendance. - I said turn the channel. - Shh. Reporter: This very location was the subject of great controversy... - Turn the goddamn channel! - Shh! ...Suggested that toxic waste was buried here. Mayor Kane, who was in charge... You think you get to decide, bitch? - Woman: Ooh! - Woman #2: Whoa. You don't get to decide shit. ( Women gasping, murmuring ) ( chatter ) I don't know why you're doing this, but I don't need your help. Somebody think you do. Hey. She's right over there. - Thanks for the heads up. - You got it. Thanks. Please, just a second of your time. I am not gonna talk to you. Look, there are things I want to know that you might want to share now that you've left the mayor's office. How long did you work with Ezra? It doesn't matter. I barely knew him. Yeah, okay, but even so, does it make sense to you what they're saying happened to him? There's a point when nothing does. Excuse me. Sam Miller at "Chi Sentinel." Available to talk anytime. A man I've known since we were 10 years old. A man of honor. A man of vision. A man of his word. I remember when you embarked on this. I remember when it was an impossibility. Kavanaugh: He's the best friend I ever had... You should be proud. And the mightiest warrior I've ever come across... and the greatest mayor that's ever been-- ladies and gentlemen, Tom Kane. - ( Applause, cheering ) - ( Instrumental music playing ) ( music drowns dialogue ) Tom: The city of "I will." Born in a battle against slough and swale, a land that showed neither promise nor purpose, won with metal, with concrete, with our own hands hammering, forging, and building. ( Applause, cheering ) This airport expansion was necessary 22 years ago, and yet it is only just today that we begin to break ground to lay stone. I'm not gonna lie to you. I am grateful and proud that on my watch the obstructionists were vanquished. ( Applause, cheering ) Tom: But there is more to do. And it can't wait. Not 20 years, not 10, not two. There are areas in our city that are in need of our immediate attention, areas of neglect. And if time is the justice that examines all offenders, then city hall is guilty of inaction. Public housing is such an area. Lennox Gardens, John Robinson Homes, Washington Heights. With your support and, hopefully, with that of the city council, I will soon have an opportunity to address that neglect and be given the tools to start over, to reimagine, rebuild, and reclaim the dream that once was. They say that greatness is not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. I say that greatness is not something we can wait for. It's something we achieve. And we'll do it together. ( Cheering ) Because we are the city of "I will." Thank you. - ( Instrumental music playing ) - Thank you. God bless you. ( Gunshots ) ( people screaming ) - Man: Shots fired! - Get him up! Get him out of here! - Get me an ambulance now! - Get him out of here now! This way, this way! ( Instrumental music playing ) Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com ( vocalizing ) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 