Boss: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e8 - Consequence - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 8 - Consequence - full transcript 
 Consequence 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr. Langley has previously undiagnosed open-angle glaucoma. Motherfucker. I've been concerned. Any improvement is likely a placebo effect. I'm not going to have my sons grow up with some humiliating picture of me. Lesser men have come back from greater scandal. - What do you want? - ( moaning ) Is that your wife in that picture? Nah, a couple of good-time girls or so. My parole officer-- he wants something and I don't know what it is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - She's clear, right? - As long as she keeps pissing clean, we're cool. Otherwise, it's another 5K. Mac, I think it's time for the boys to go home. What's the price tag on that little operation? - 10.3 million. - The riots were unfortunate. In the meantime, we are fast approaching the annual vote to cover the city's expenditures. There can be no push-back. Years back, we began to acquire all that surrounds the project. I suggest you unload it while you can still recoup your investment. You should know you'll be receiving wide-ranging subpoenas in conjunction with the corruption cases you set in motion. Look at that-- not a word redacted. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You gotta find your own proof, 'cause I'll deny this ever happened. City Hall town car went missing same time Kane did. Crossed over into Canada Tuesday. ( theme music playing ) ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ( vocalizing ) Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com ( gavel clatters ) Ross: We can no longer suffer the consequence of mindless compliance. The borrowing has to stop. The vote to issue bonds comes up every year, and every year the measure is approved and public services continue. Now is not the time for exceptions. Look, this deficit has been kicked down the road for far too long. Property damage from the riots, overtime for police and fire, the cost of evicting and housing Lennox Gardens residents-- all of this has tipped the city over the edge. Chicago is, in fact, on the verge of bankruptcy. Limited closures of parks, libraries, community centers. - Thank you, Robin. - Band-Aids. Small ones at that. It'd be irresponsible for us to let you persist without oversight. Exactly when did you become the speaker for the entire city council? The decisions you've made have repercussions, Mr. Mayor. As have yours, which is why you'll never sit behind this desk. Your so-called corruption sweep left an acute personnel gap. Four ward bosses and an alderman were relieved of their duties. And you would like to fill those positions with your associates. A budget deadline is in two days. No changing that. Work with me here, and the bond acquisition passes without issue. Behind you. The door. Jackie: Maggie Zajac filed for divorce. Let me guess-- on the grounds of adultery. Trying to get a hold of the terms now, see if we have a child custody battle on the horizon. - Can I ask you something? - Sure. Jackie: Oh, my God. - You stole his phone records? - Shh. Obtained. Obtained. And don't rat me out. Where is area code 905? And what is Alternalive? It's a brain clinic in Toronto. Meredith Kane called there during his little disappearing act. How about that? Ben: I'm gonna owe you, aren't I? This one's for free. Well, maybe I want to be indebted. Just don't be more trouble than you're worth. ( knocks ) Ben: It's become clear that Kane and I don't share the same values. And I'm assuming you feel the same, given the subpoenas served to his office. 20 years' worth, no less. There was a blurb about it in the "Ledger." Due diligence. We're prosecuting corruption charges against five individuals who may or may not have interfaced with the mayor. You have managed to get elected year after year without Kane's support. And it's tempting to chalk that up to divine intervention, but-- You a churchgoer, Mr. Zajac? Lapsed. Been thinking I should return. I have a lot to answer for. Well, His forgiveness comes easily. All you have to do is ask. The public's is another matter. It's no small task, but I want to try. And I think, in spite of my sins, I can still serve the state well. My strength as a prosecutor has always been recognizing talent. I make it a point to surround myself with impressive people. Claire sees something in you, and I trust her judgment. Well, I would be grateful for your support. You're aware my position makes it unethical to publicly back any one candidate. I would never ask you to stump for me. The State's Attorney is a firm believer in public transparency. Once that's achieved, perhaps connections can be made. I'm in. ( Mac laughs ) Ah! I assumed we'd be meeting privately, Tom, but it certainly has been nice spending time with your staff. No sense in restricting a rare visit from our governor. It's an honor for these young people to be in your presence. Oh. ( laughs ) They may even learn a thing or two in the process. It pains me to be the bearer of bad news, particularly in this less-than-private setting, but with the state's belt so tight, I'm sure you understand why we'll have to pass this $10 million expense onto the city. Frankly, I wasn't sure that calling in the Guard was really necessary, but I agreed at your office's urging. I'd like to thank you for taking the time to advise me of this personally. I happened to be in town. Scheduled to address the bright future of Loyola's graduating class. I should tell them to look for work in China. ( laughs ) ( awkward chuckling ) Four mutually beneficial terms together, you and I. Now here we are at the twilight of your governorship. Twilight indeed. Yours, too, perhaps at this rate. Shocking, really, that things should be so economically dire here. You've always been such a good manager. State bonds-- enough to ride out the storm, allowing a proper plan to be put into place. Issued immediately. Is this really the legacy you wanna leave behind, Mac? The reputation of allowing the state's largest city to go under? Whatever I decide, you'll need more than just my approval. Take a picture of Mr. Zajac swallowing this pill, will you? Our state treasurer knows that what's good for Chicago is good for Illinois. Once upon a time I believed the same. Nice man. Nice man. All right, let's get Zajac on the books, and then we'll circle back to Cullen. If the lame-duck governor needs a crumb or two thrown at him, so be it. ( silent ) Something's happening with him. Probably just a little dehydrated. Here, this'll fix him up. No, it's more than that. He's different. He's trying to communicate. What's he trying to say? Grandpa, do you understand what I'm saying? Do you know who I am? Here, this will calm him. - Which one is it? - Bulbocapnine. ( phone ringing ) Would you get that for me? Sorry, I missed it. That's fine. You know, he really should rest. ( recording ) This is Emma. Leave me a message and I'll get back to you. Darius: Hey, what's up? It's me again. Just wanted to make sure things worked out with you and that guy you were telling me about. I haven't heard from you in a while, so-- can you call me? - There he is. - What the fuck is this, yo? - Where you been, cuz? - Yeah, man, I was, um-- - I was just trying to-- - Doesn't matter. That bag you dropped-- light at least five grand. Right, right. I was trying to help out, you know? - Like, since the Gardens is gone, - Hmm. I figured I'd work it for you out here, you know? And just needed some start-up money to invest in the product. - You know what I'm saying? - Look at my guy, making investments. Mr. Motherfuckin' Wall Street. Do I look like your bank, nigga? Look, man, I'll get you the money. You're motherfuckin' right you will. Get the fuck off me. I'm assuming you'll call the state treasurer's office and get Zajac to sign off on the bonds? Mr. Zajac's hardly in the position to hold us up. And at this moment, I'm more concerned about filling the alderman's seat in light of the upcoming vote. And I'm more concerned about circumventing the vote with the bonds. Plus, if Ross does have the majority on this, one open seat won't matter. Understood, but filling the vacancy with the right person is no less important. Woman: Miss Fredricks? My name's Karen. This is my son Cole. - We met at the Gardens. - Yes, of course. Have a seat. Go ahead without me. I think you grew up around the corner from me. I remember you. Did real good for yourself. I hope everything is going all right - with your temporary home situation. - Yeah. They got us out in East Garfield. Not too bad. Pretty far from my work, though, and church. But it's only for two years, right? Right. I know it's a long time, but, he misses his cousins! - With everybody scattered every which way... - I'm sure. I was hoping we could be closer to where the rest of my family is. Until we can all go back home, I mean. I'll see what I can do. Hartlep, Errickson-- both fine prospects to finish out the term as Alderman of the 11th. Hand me that thing. You're telling me this is the entirety of my options? With your anticorruption efforts, a less-than-pristine replacement for that seat could prove a PR vulnerability. Those individuals are of the highest caliber. What about Campbell? Why isn't he on this list? He and Alderman Ortiz remain at odds over a contract dispute. Ortiz, being one of your staunchest supporters, might not appreciate the gesture. Then whom do you suggest? Ideally someone young, loyal, an outsider without the taint of a long-held political position. My wife suggested Kenneth Prentiss. She's worked with him before on several occasions. His organization coordinates private funds with city grants to help provide services for several women's shelters. - Prentiss Safe Houses? The NGO? - Yeah. Sir, I believe they-- He's well-liked, well-respected, knows all the players. Prentiss. Done. I'll set it up, have you swear him in as soon as possible. ( sighs ) Fist bump, buddy. ( imitates explosion ) Show me your muscles. Show me, show me. Errh! That's what I'm talking about. It's good to see you guys. I'll see you next time, okay? - Bye-bye. - Bye, dad. Thank you for bringing them by. Of course. They really miss you. Where are you staying these days? Hotel. Two bedrooms. You know, so if they could ever sleep over sometime... Maybe. I'm surprised you haven't shut this place down. A lot can happen between now and November. Okay. And so you know-- I agreed to an interview. You also agreed to not comment publicly about the family. I know. This is about me and my candidacy. I made that very clear with Jim. Carpenter? Are you out of your mind? I can hold my own with Carpenter. And, quite frankly, I don't have much of a choice at this point but to try. I mean, the only play I have is to face these allegations as honestly as I can. It stops being an allegation when there are pictures of it on the front page, Ben. How much more public humiliation am I supposed to endure? - I'm not quitting the race. - Of course not. God forbid you muzzle your insatiable ambition for the sake of the family. Hey, you wanna play devastated housewife for appearances, that's fine, but you knew what the ride was and went along for it. Don't you dare put this on me. You kept your eyes and mouth shut because the only thing you gave a shit about was me winning. - It was the only reason you stayed. - So why did you? Boy: Mom! If you even gave a shit about them, you wouldn't do this. ( engine starts ) ( air hissing ) - Enjoying your new life? - Excuse me? - They treating you well at Linder? - Yes. 140 over 90. Still a little high, but it's an improvement. I assume you're still taking the L-dopa, Rivastigmine? I am, though I'm not convinced there's a need. My grip's fine-- no weakness, no shaking, no tremors. And what about visions, delusions? Any side effects from the treatment you received? None whatsoever. No persistent headaches or nausea from the ECT? I am well. Excellent, in fact. And your comprehension? Full, complete, with a true sense of clarity now. Well, that's good to hear. Doctor, I understand your skepticism. But for the first time since my diagnosis, I'm without symptom and complication. Whatever was done-- it's working. Thank you, Doctor. 720 and one, two, three. Congratulations, you've completely wiped out our petty cash. What's so urgent you had to have it today? Just save your questions for your sources, okay? Speaking of which, Twitter doesn't count. Find someone real to talk to about that library closures piece. Don't forget to save your receipts. You're kidding, right? Toronto, Sam? You've got meetings, proofs to go over, rewrites to do. We're in the age of Wi-Fi, Jackie. I don't need to be nailed down to my desk, okay? So proof them, push them, tweak them for me, okay? Thanks. If you're not here tomorrow morning, I'm putting my name on your office door. Is there an ongoing relationship with Mrs. Ross? There never was. It was a single incident, one that I deeply regret. Well, had you previously been unfaithful to your wife or she to you? Were there problems at home? I'm not going to answer that question, Jim. Not because I'm afraid of speaking the truth, but because I specifically asked you to leave my wife and children out of this discussion. Ask about me and my candidacy. Mm, fair enough, fair enough. So even before the scandal broke, though, your opponent, Senator Walsh, was making headway in the polls. She's since pulled ahead. Now what makes you think you can still win this race? Well, despite the misjudgments in my personal life, I have the leadership skills, the knowledge, and the commitment to effectively run this state. Well, would you say you're a good politician, then? I'd say I'm good at governing, having successfully managed billions of dollars in state funds during my time as treasurer. So being a bad husband and father is a consequence of being good at governing? Wow. That-- that's not journalism. That's just plain mean-spirited. Well, with all due respect, you touted your family values as your ticket into office. And given what we know, it seems you've been running on a false platform. You know what? This was a bad idea. I'm done. Forget it. Don't you think we deserve to know who our elected officials are? See, that's the thing-- you don't know me. And you don't know my wife and you sure as hell don't know my children. All anyone knows is that I screwed around and someone took pictures. That doesn't make me a bad father. That doesn't make me a loser. That doesn't make me unfit for office. Even if it happened while you were actively campaigning for governor? I made a fucking mistake, one that I have to pay for every time I look into my wife's eyes and every time my kid Googles his last name and he's gonna pull up bullshit like this disguised as news. You know what? You're a liar. You get all that? Yeah... I made a (beep) mistake, one that I have to live with every single time I look into my wife's eyes and every time my kid Googles his last name and pulls up (beep) like this disguised as news. He's likeable, relatable, even in a meltdown. ( sighs ) Yeah. And if a woman nearly cried or had a meltdown on live TV, you'd be hearing terms like "hysterical" and "unbalanced" being tossed around. Instead, Zajac will have just spoken from the heart. Well, as unfair as it all is, it's beside the point. We need to move, fast. I say we nail him on his temper. If he flies off the handle in an interview, he's too hotheaded to lead the state. We attack him personally, we come across as being cruelly opportunistic. She's right. Stick to the basics. Bring it back to Kane. Bankruptcy-- fiscal and moral. On it. - Be honest. - We're fine. Kane's not in a position to help and Ben doesn't have a field operation without him. Ben: What a douchebag. Fuckin' genius. Stupid shit. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out! Claire: Dear God. Hey. I suggest not bringing Him into this. I keep finding you with a drink in your hand, I'm gonna start thinking there's a problem. Well, I got plenty of those. Where do you want to start? At the failed mea culpa? Or me embarrassing my wife and kids? Good luck catching up. That wasn't my plan. Was it to come and warm your hands on the funeral pyre of my career? Hardly sound like the guy who will lead us to tomorrow together. Anyway. I'm sorry if I let you down. You know, I made you look bad in front of Doyle. You're clueless. - Pretty much. - May I? Knock yourself out. Uh, uh, uh, uh. ( groans ) Really? You wanna torture me with this shit? Just shut up and look. Thanks. I made a fuckin' mistake, one that I have to live with... ( laughs ) Well, I said the f-bomb on TV, so there should be at least a million views there. Just keep looking. 134,000 hits. "About time a politician sounded like a human being." You did it-- exactly what you needed to do. - Well, fuck me. - Not like this, I won't. Here. What is that? Put it someplace safe. Volunteer database. Three cycles' worth. If you can't make good use of it, you don't deserve the win. ( cell phone ringing ) ( recording ) This is Emma. Leave me a message and I'll get back to you. ( engine starts ) _ Hello? - Can I help you? - Hi. Chris Beyers. Checking in? Insurance investigator for Sentinel Health from the States. - I have an appointment. - I'm sorry, Mr. Beyers. I don't seem to have you in my system. You should. I'm here to look into a number of claims involving your facility. Well, I'm not allowed to give out that type of information without a signed release form. Well, you should have gotten that already. The patient's name is Thomas Kane. He was admitted here for treatment recently. Sir, may I see your credentials? All right, look, there's been some misunderstanding. I have an appointment. I sent in the release form. Obviously it's not your fault. Can I speak to the supervisor? Wait here. - What are you doing?! - I'm an insurance investigator-- - I'm calling the police. - Look, honestly, you don't have to do this, okay? Look, please, please. Okay? Forget it. Just forget it. I'm gone. You're saying you won't affix your signature? Which as recently as six months ago was rubber-stamped on the bottom of $10 rebate checks. You won't sign your name, a name now synonymous with wanton disregard for propriety, to a bond that will keep this city afloat? Not at the expense of the state. The food chain-- each layer of the hierarchy struggles, toils, exists, only to be consumed by a dominant species. Sound familiar? Grass, bugs, birds, snakes, and so on-- one feeding the next all the way up to the commanding predatory creatures. That is the order of things. I want those state bonds released by tomorrow. I won't approve the transfer of funds. If I'm going to be governor, I refuse to inherit a state that's further in the red to pay your bills. Are you... going to be governor? The numbers, the photos, my divorce-- you bear as much responsibility as I do. I've run a solid campaign and you've been nothing but a fucking hindrance. The puppet is cutting his strings. If I win, I win on my own. If I lose, so be it. Either way, you and I are done. Sir? ( sighs ) There will no state bonds. The budget vote is tomorrow. Great men have compromised in times of trial and emerged the stronger. I intend to be among them. Come on in. The vote-- how many can you guarantee? My caucus, Progressives, goo-goos, Independents-- How many? 40, give or take, all ready to line up either way. Could be on your side if... The alderman's replacement has already been found. Four ward bosses. Authorize the city bond measure, you can handpick whoever you like. Power in the field ought to be deal enough. ( elevator bell dings ) Alderman Ross is presumably holding open the 21st for Kenya Taylor's return. And he'll be appointing three new ward bosses to the 11th, the 14th, and the 46th. Find out their names. I'd like to congratulate them personally. Unfortunately, I'm a pariah in those circles now. - I may not be able to-- - There are other avenues, I'm sure. I trust your resourcefulness. Sir, I-- I have to know-- where do things stand with Lennox Gardens? I promised you I wouldn't blindside you, so I won't. It's no longer viable. In times of desperation, we must sometimes sacrifice our darlings. I realize that not everyone can come back. I accept that, but promises were made by you and by me. Go back to the original plan-- 25% Section 8 housing. That still has to be possible. If not, then I've lost everything and you've made liars out of both of us. Tomorrow, after we've sidestepped this bureaucratic nightmare, we will be solvent enough to do so. But without control of all wards, I can't guarantee it and I won't. Find out their names. - Yes, sir. - Yeah. ( Rutledge groaning ) Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. You're all right. Grandpa, you're okay, you're okay, you're okay. Grandpa, you're fine. Grandpa, you're okay. Grandpa, Grandpa-- Nadeem, Nadeem, something might be wrong. ( thuds ) ( screaming ) Nadeem: Don't touch him! I'll do it! Just call 9-1-1. It's my grandpa! He's collapsed, I need an ambulance! Mona: I heard you're looking to take Kenya Taylor's place in the organization. It'd be quite the promotion for you. I hope you're up to the task. The 21st hasn't had a decent ward boss in years. Hmm. Well, hopefully, that's going to change. Trey, I recognize we've had our differences regarding your means of income at the Gardens, but let me remind you that the community is where my loyalty lies. Kenya went about his duties in the wrong way, which is something you had a hand in. Hey, we don't always like our marching orders, but we march. I want the names of Ross' appointees in order to preserve a 25% return rate to the Gardens. - Privileged information. - Chapman? Powell? - Simmons? - ( laughs ) Look. If you wanted to be in good with my boss, maybe leaving his office for the mayor's wasn't your best move. You think? Ross might have given you a leg up, but that's ground level, minor leagues. You stay with him, you stay in the hood. But realign yourself, become the mayor's ally, and I'll give you what Ross can't. I'm listening. Me. You know my reputation. I'll vouch for you, pose for pictures, help you gain the level of respect in City Hall that you already command on the streets. In exchange for those ward boss names, I'll give you mine. Tom: An opportunity was handed to you, which you took, and rightly so. You've waited to move up in the world. Now here you are. But you must be made aware of the realities of your situation, because I don't want you maintaining false notions about what's been offered. It is not a job. It is a station in the community, both unpaid and unofficial, a position with some authority, some recognition, but that won't pay the rent, fellas. Now what I'm offering is a chance to be salaried and to serve the city in an additional capacity. Transportation, water management, public health. Each of you in a legitimate city job-- pensions, benefits. I myself worked my way up to the sanitation department. And what about Alderman Ross? Oh, by all means continue serving him as community leaders. Think of the ward as your own. I believe you'll find that your political duties and your occupational responsibilities will overlap nicely. I only ask that my generosity be considered when the occasion arises. Scotch, anyone? Oh, don't look so nervous, fellas. It's good scotch. - Sir, you wanted to see me? - I do. Zajac. He's up. Good press, and cash donations are starting to come in. That was something, that interview. He may win this, perhaps in spite of himself. You know, the bar isn't as high as it used to be, but he's passionate, driven. I suppose those are winning qualities. You honing yours, Claire? Gamesmanship, assertiveness. That forthright shamelessness with which you crave my seat. We're all here for a reason. Did I say you could fuck him? Sir, I-- Both willing in spirit and weak of the flesh. I'm not sure whether to feel admiration or pity. Were you gonna tell me at some point? Honestly, no. You want to do what I do, sit where I sit? Your ambitions belong to me. How's your wife, Jeff? She's a goddamn saint, and you're not to speak her name or mention her in any capacity, ever. Is that understood? Lift up your skirt. Do as you're told. Take that off. Do it. ( breathing deeply ) Tom: What the hell am I looking at? I was vetting Mrs. Kane's recommendation for alderman when I found this thread on a human rights message board. An anonymous user going by Citizen541 made a sexual abuse allegation against Kenneth Prentiss. Appears to be someone from one of his shelters. Prentiss? That's the guy I'm swearing in as my new goddamn white knight on the council? - Yeah. - Shit. I thought it best you see it now rather than after posing for pictures at his swearing in. News hasn't caught hold of it yet. And his organization isn't commenting, but as you can see from the postings, it could get bad. Prentiss Safe Houses. The irony. I can try to track down the person behind the account to see if the allegation has merit. Don't bother. Sadly, even unproven claims have a way of attaching a certain stigma. We're going to need to find somebody else. It's not too late, sir, to fill the seat before the vote. I know I'm relatively inexperienced by comparison, but I'm dedicated, loyal. I think I've proven that to you. And I can be your eyes and ears there, an assured vote, providing support in any capacity. Your ambition is boundless. Ross has already guaranteed me a majority, so time is not really of the essence, but I will consider it. Thank you, sir. ( chuckling ) Oh, boy. That kid. ( traffic blaring ) ( door opens ) - How is he? - ( door closes ) Your grandfather is in a coma. I don't understand. The doctors are still running tests. They're not sure if it was something to do with the fall or his meds. They're saying he may have missed a few doses of his regimen. He's on life support. Your mother's there with him now. ( sighs ) _ Sir? Mayor Rutledge is in the hospital. Apparently, he fell and struck his head. - How can I help? - Emma is understandably upset. I want you to take her home and try to calm her down. Aren't I needed here for the vote? Other opportunities will present themselves soon enough. - Go. - Yes, sir. ( sighs ) Here's copies of positive press on Zajac. It's mostly local, but it's spreading. Small-dollar boost in donations. - Any new numbers? - They're still coming in. There's data for Mercer, Knox, most of the downstate counties with the exception of Lawrence. - Still safe. More to come. - Cook? - ( cell phone chiming ) - Still working on it. - ( sighs ) Fuck. - What? Nothing. Just this guy I'm-- ( ringing ) - Hey. - Hey, it's me. I need to cancel tonight. I'm still at work. Right, right. Me, too. - Where are you? - Uh, what do you mean? I'm-- I'm chasing a lead. Oh, okay. You just sound kind of-- I-- I gotta go. I'm on deadline. But rain check on dinner, though, okay? - I'm gonna call you. - Okay. Kane's office just called. He wants a sit-down with Catherine. ( phone ringing ) - Hey. - Hey. So Danny's in the bathroom and Benjy's just finishing up a game on my computer. It's fine. No rush. It's busier in here. You hire a new campaign manager yet? Nope. I'm handling it myself. I'm not sure my last one's replaceable. You think it was worth it? - Maggie-- - I don't know. Maybe it was. There they are. Come on, guys. Let's go. All right, give me five. See you, buddy. - Give me five. - Let's go. ( imitates explosion ) Bye, guys. Bye, Dad. See you, buddy. This is all you got? We ran the system for our missing sniper. Boetker has no priors anywhere, no record anywhere, no real trace of him since the mid '80s. I did manage to find this photograph of his unit, however. - Aliases? - We're looking, but he's been off the grid for so long, I don't expect much. - Which one is he? - This one's Langley and this one here's Boetker. Well, age up Boetker's military ID, pass it through the DMV, city surveillance. Maybe that'll get us somewhere. Should we update the mayor's office? The next thing I take to Kane has to be nothing less than an actual defendant. A lot of fight in you, Catherine. Always respected that. I'm just getting started. After three tries, you learn a few things, including how to get out of the way when the train's about to crash. Suffice to say, I owe you a debt of thanks for Mr. Zajac. For Kitty, too. Actually, she's proven to be an invaluable addition. Clearly, we have the same tastes. Is it possible, then, I wonder, for you and I to coexist. ( laughs ) That's hard to imagine, really. Working hand in hand with the man who referred to me as-- what was it? "A downstate crone"? I believe that's the term you used when last we spoke privately. History aside, I imagine there are some shared values between us, a mutual agenda. You're testing the waters. Let's not waste each other's time. When, not if, I become the next governor, I won't be serving an agenda that defers to the whims of this office. You and I will seldom coincide, legislatively or otherwise. Well, good luck, then, Senator, to you and yours. I'd imagine with your current financial concerns, you need it more than I do. - Sir. - The vote. Beginning shortly. Will you be on the floor? Nah, it's Williams' show tonight. I have no intention of applauding from the wings. What comes as a temporary concession does not amount to surrender. Agreed. I'll be in my office if you need me. I got this. Emma: I should have watched more closely. - Ian: You're not his doctor. - But I had to help. Emma, what happened to your grandfather is no one's fault. You're wrong! I stopped giving him the medication. - The bulbocapnine. - What? My parents induced it-- his stupor-- for the last 20 years, and they've been using that shit to keep him like this ever since. - Mayor Rutledge had a stroke-- - No, I have proof. - His body is full of it. - Emma, you're not making any sense. ( stammering ) What? Are you using again? - Thanks for the ride. - Emma. I'll be fine. Emma, where are you? Stop it. - Leave me alone. - I said stop it. - This is not your job. - Do you wanna go back to jail? I'd rather be anywhere than here. - You don't mean that. Emma, look at me. - Fuck! Calm down and look at me. Look at me! What are you doing? Give me that! Stop it! - Emma. - Open. - Look at me. You're stronger than this. - No, I'm not! Please, just-- just let me go. Please. ( moaning ) ( moaning continues ) Clerk over TV: Voting will now begin on the measure authorizing continued procurement of municipal bonds. - Alderman Reesh. - Yea. - Clerk: Alderman Lakowsk-- - ( mutes TV ) - ( volume increases ) - Clerk: Quiet in the chambers. Alderman Ross. Ross: I vote nay. - Clerk: Alderman Holden. - Nay. - Alderman Garrison. - Sir. Nay! - Alderman De Soto. - Nay. - Alderman Castellers. - Nay. - Alderman Louis. - Nay. - Alderman Thomas. - Nay. - Alderman Kursh. - Nay. - Alderman Alverson. - Nay. - Alderman Duss. - Nay. - Alderman Alfill. - Nay. - Alderman de Kuwalski. - Nay. - Alderman Johnson. - Nay. - Alderman Ortiz. - Nay. Out of the way! Out of the way! Move! - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. - Nay. ( gavel pounding ) Clerk: With a tally of 41 nays, this measure is denied. ( people murmuring ) Alan. Alan, you wanna tell me what just happened in there? ( scoffs ) Doesn't really matter much now. A different deal was made. McGantry: You're in a unique position, Mr. Ross. This bond acquisition vote provides you an opportunity to stimulate a wind of change. Kane's reach extends beyond my legislative grasp, Mr. McGantry. You're an example of that. He'll find another way. I'll handle the banks and lenders. The well is all but poisoned already. For those in the council who waver, you might remind them that their own elections are likely in need of financial incentives. Sacrifice the castle to take down the king. Castles can be rebuilt, men cannot. He threw money at them, all of them. Alverson, Driscoll, Ortiz-- lots of money. Idiots, assholes, ungrateful, shortsighted sons of bitches. Doyle, now. Obviously this means Lennox Gardens-- - Doyle. - McGantry-- everything you need, you have, wrapped up in a goddamn bow. Look, Tom-- I fully expect you to use what little muscle you have to lock him up before I hand this slam-fuckin'-dunk case over to the feds. Or would you rather lose yet another - headline-grabbing opportunity? - ( slams receiver ) What do we do? I don't know. Sam: Miss? Miss, I need to ask you a few more questions. - Leave me alone. - I won't name you as a source. Just give me some answers and I'll go. I didn't call the police before, but I'm going to now. Yes or no-- was Tom Kane admitted to your clinic? - I said fuck off! - Hey, look! I don't want any trouble here, but you have information that could be vitally important to a lot of people. I'm trying to do the right thing here. Kane is a dangerous man, potentially lethal if he's sick as well. I need to know. - Yes. - Yes what? We treated him. He stayed for two days. Several brain treatments. Electroconvulsive therapy was one of them. I don't know what else. Please let me go. Sorry. ( high frequency whining ) Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 