Boss: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e4 - Redemption - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 4 - Redemption - full transcript 
 Kane makes a professional turn to a new way of doing things when he extricates the housing project from the corruption that plagues his entire city. Kane's young aide, Ian, has a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Shots fired! Get an ambulance now! My wife nearly died. Why hasn't the shooter been found? Lack of physical evidence and the inordinate number of people who hate you personally or politically. There was a time when I could count you among them. Can you talk about the shooting? I heard a crack and then Ben was on top of me. - I'm supposed to clear every word through you? - You are. I have a race to win. I don't have time for this shit. This is my campaign manager and you're gonna deal with her from now on. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't know what happened with Kane and I don't care. This is a team. You'll be a partner, not a servant. Emma's coming home tonight. I've arranged for house arrest. I'd suggest you temper your expectations, Tom. You have to get out of Chicago. My father, he doesn't allow loose ends. I got nothing left because of you. CPD released the file on Ezra Stone's murder. It's about damn time. Don't you think Kane would be pushing the PD on this? I don't know what you want me to say. Displacing the residents of Lennox Gardens will affect your support across the board. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Your alternative? Open up the project to competitive bids. Competitive bidding is a declaration of war against McGantry. I'd like you to take a look at the numbers on the Lennox Gardens project. It's a run-down housing project, Tom. I need a lower number. Is this a fucking joke? This is exactly the same shit McGantry sent over weeks ago. Your guy, Young and Mortensen, pull the trigger. Greed stops here. It's a new day for Lennox Gardens. Spring has come to Chicago. Hello? They got him, Stone. The man who shot her. They got him. Boss 2x04: "Redemption" Original air date on September 7, 2012 * Satan, your kingdom must come down * * Satan, your kingdom must come down * * I heard the voice of Jesus Christ * * Satan, your kingdom must come down. * Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com Kane's earned his place in hell. He deserves it because of the people he's murdered. His name is Chad Langley. Those kids with cancer, that's on him. Former Army sniper. Served in Vietnam. Honorably discharged 1973. ...raping babies, that's on him. A rabid dog. I've put them down before. Put men down, too. One more doesn't matter. You're sure he's the one? High-powered rifle in the trunk of his car matches the bullet that struck your wife. The fact that he never laid his own hands on people, still his sin in God's eyes. She was 12. Kane did that to her. His army controlling the city, all the niggers... He's referring to the rape and murder of his niece 19 years ago. No one was ever charged. Here. Adjacent to the 21st. Sent hate mail over the years to City Hall about race issues. Recently he made a death threat about your public housing plans. I shot photos, too. Are you saying you have pictures of the assassination attempt? Right here. Cameras in my teeth. I'll fight any attempt at an insanity plea. How do you want to announce this? Joint press conference? I'll put out a statement that we have a suspect. But I want to keep Mr. Langley's identity secret until we've completed this investigation. I see. You'd never know it by looking at him, would you? How dangerous a man can be. They caught the man who shot you. He was shooting at your father. He hit me. Is he still home? No. Thank you for breakfast. Emma. I don't want to be in this situation any more than you do. How are you feeling? Still a lot of pain. Your father's asked that we all sit down together for dinner at some point. Why? He seems to think it would be nice. Mr. Mayor, what can you tell us about the suspect in custody? Honestly, I can't comment. Not only because it's an ongoing investigation, but also because I've got to catch my breath. You've been sequestered for the last few weeks. How does it feel to be out in public again? Wonderful. Lighter. Suffice to say, I don't miss wearing Kevlar. Can you at least tell us if the suspect is a local? I really can't. I will say that the police and the state's attorney are confident that they have the individual responsible for this near tragedy. Needless to say, my wife and I are both greatly relieved. What was her reaction? How is Mrs. Kane doing? She's recovering at home. She's in good spirits. My family... well, we're truly blessed. And a debt of gratitude goes out to all the people of Chicago for their prayers and support. It's touched Meredith and myself deeply. And it will not be forgotten. But now it's time for all of us to look forward, not back. It's a new day in the best city in the world. Thanks, guys. Invincibility is a myth, Tom. How long can you pretend? "As long as hope still has its bit of green." "All the King's Men." Dante, "The Divine Comedy." Penn Warren just used it as an epigraph. Good turnout for this today. All four local stations, "Trib," "Sun Times," "Sentinel." At some point, I hope it dawns on you that simply doing your job well does not merit commendation. I want you to find Kitty O'Neil for me. A name, a description, a fucking gender. Anything but this suspect in custody bullshit. What else? The mayor on a lakeside walk says the police are confident they have the right guy. No, next. Every other paper in town covered this, Sam. - You want to be the only one that doesn't? - Proudly. Kane feels safe enough to stop wearing Kevlar, which would suggest this particular nightmare is over. If I say no once, Jackie, it means don't pitch it again, all right? This is what I want... figure out who the hell the shooter is, why the state's attorney is fighting transparency on it. - Hey. - What's going on? Moving up at work. Which means I have to develop a better firewall between me and this part of the operation. So how long's it got to be like this? Why? It hurt your eyes? Besides, by my estimation, you still owe me something. So if you want your situation to remain rent free, sit your ass down, make sure these lovely young ladies handle the business without stealing any of the product. All right? Yeah, all right. Thanks, cuz. Enjoy your day. The new Lennox Gardens is designed from the perspective of healthy urban living. Now rooftop gardens connect buildings with floor plans from subsidized housing to mid-income condominiums. We'll include a fitness center, playground structures, a tower for harvesting rainwater, and, of course, retail space. Thank you, Joe. May we have a moment, please? Oh, yeah, sure. No problem. The young contractor from Indiana brings an enthusiasm and a level of integrity I appreciate and have long missed. Gentlemen, I wanted to present this redevelopment plan in person not only because of its tremendous scope, but also because of its ambitious time line. Mona. The mayor's proposal calls for ground to be broken in six months, ribbons cut in two years. It'll be challenging, but it's doable. Particularly if we look at... Fast, smart, cheap. Pick two. I'm not gonna do that, Merc. This time I need all three. With all due respect, Mr. Mayor, I'm sure my colleagues would back me up on this, it's just not practical to move that quickly in this economic environment. Natural selection. All of us evolving, changing in this landscape. We adapt or we die. Limited overtime, no ghost jobs, no padding. Actual men doing actual work paid accordingly. I look forward to your streamlined bids. Thank you for coming. Stick with me on this one, Merc. Come on, there's plenty of redevelopment projects to go around. I'm just asking for special attention paid to this one. Does it bother you that a piece of this is going back to the same knuckleheads who screwed it up in the first place? I'd be worried it'd happen again. I'm sure you'd agree that no single entity is responsible for the current state of the Gardens. All this only comes into play if you can get folks out of there for the demo, though, right? Fortunately, Mona has strong ties to the residents. With the proper plans in place, I am confident the relocation effort can be a smooth one. Condolences on the loss of Ezra, by the way. I liked him a lot. I'm pleased to be working with you gentlemen. Mm-hmm, thanks. Hired some out-of- state contractor who's supposed to do it all on the cheap. Some asswipe from Indiana. Young and Mortensen. That's the one. Kane's off his nut. You mind? He wants it done in two years for half the cost. And people are supposed to live on rainwater or some shit. - Two years? - Break ground in six months. What's the fucking hurry, you know? No one man is bigger than the machine. It corrects itself. Always. Hey, I need those numbers, UAW benefit packages. And where we at on the debates? Meeting to finalize the details has been set for tomorrow with Mrs. Zajac and the representative from the Walsh campaign. - Okay. - Sir, do you need any help on the road? I'd be happy to go if you needed me to. - No. - You're gonna want to hear this. Kitty O'Neil's joined the Walsh camp. Campaign managing? Their office just called to confirm her attendance at the debate negotiation. Fuck me. I'm sure Mrs. Zajac can hold her... Do you have a brain in your fucking head? Shut up. Have my wife call me. Now, Patty. Get her into a downstate office. Or better yet, get her to quit. Fuck! Working with Kane suggests a certain dogma. I beg to differ. This mayor has always been far more interested in accumulating power than a particular ideology. And Kitty is nothing if not a pragmatist. But more importantly, I'm an admirer. I've always been impressed with the state senator's leadership, her political consistency. It reveals a strength of character which, frankly, I found lacking in Treasurer Zajac. Selfishly, looking ahead, I think her ability to survive two decades in Illinois government with her reputation intact makes her an ideal candidate for higher office. It's my opinion. Well, I couldn't agree more. And yet I'm still troubled by the fluidity of your politics, Miss O'Neil. In other words, before he commits to a whopping donation, he wants a guarantee that you're not going to switch sides again anytime down the road. Well, I'm sure you can appreciate that sharing my inside knowledge to make Catherine the next governor means I won't be welcome back across the aisle anytime soon. She was quite a get, if I say so myself. So, where do things stand with your bill to exclude felons from voting? Well, it's currently in committee, but the feedback I'm getting suggests that we have a lot of support. Could you excuse me for a moment, please? Why? It's all I know how to do. I would ask that confidentiality be respected and discretion exercised regarding your time in my office. - Absolutely. - Don't say absolutely. It makes me not believe it. I've learned a lot. Not the least of which is when to keep my mouth shut. Occasionally, you had to deal with the lunatics who plagued City Hall with calls and letters. Does the name Langley ring a bell? Chad Langley. No. Yeah. Not for me, either. You can't just call me like this. Where are you? I'm not going anywhere without you. You're a threat to him. That's not what he told me. And plus, how are e they gonna find me anyway? Send some cop up in the Gardens to drag me out? They're afraid to come here. Look, what you know means you're always gonna be in danger. Think I haven't spent my whole life wondering which way the next bullet's coming from? When can I see you? You shouldn't. But I want to. I'm not worth the risk. Detective Dinovo. Sam Miller, "Sentinel." Sonny Hoskins said I'd find you here. Sonny's got a big mouth. What do you want? Write an article about me taking a coffee break? I just wanted to talk to you a little bit about your investigation into the murder of Ezra Stone. Can I get you something? Yeah, a Coke. Thanks. Nice speech. - At the O'Hare ceremony. - Thanks. So, Ezra Stone. Unusual case for you? Burglary interrupted. It happens all the time. I guess I meant big case. How is it that you got assigned to it? Were you just up in the rotation or...? Yeah. I mean, the mayor's top advisor gets killed. You think there was more at play there? Anything's possible. So with the city's budget issues, you getting much in the way of support? I mean, should you have to expand the investigation. I'd get it if it was needed. Is it? How much I owe you, Kav? It's on the house. I understand you're retiring in a few weeks. Any idea who will take over the case once you leave? Up to management. But without much to go on, there's a good chance it'll stay unsolved. I'll see you later. I can't tell if he's using or abusing me. Or both. You think it's an accident he hired you? If tenants there are going to buy it at all, they'll buy it from you. They sure as hell aren't going to from him. Or is he just testing me? Watching me to see how far I'll go to keep the job, even though I made it clear from day one why I took it. So quit. If I did, the residents wouldn't have anyone in their corner. Then quit talking. Oh, God. Oh, God. That feels so good. I love you. I love you. I have a proposal. It's good to see you, too. So Walsh is aggressively going after Cook County votes. The numbers are closer than they've been in years. It's a real race, Sam. It's only fitting that the "Sentinel" give us our due. - We're covering the race. - No, something more personal. An editorial. I set up the meeting, you hear what she has to say, see what you think. That's not a proposal. That's an ask. I have information that every media outlet in town wants. The name of the suspect in the shooting of Meredith Kane. State's attorney has that in deep freeze. Reliable source. - How reliable? - Very. Someone in the mayor's office? No shit. Why? Don't know, don't care. My guess is he wants it out there but doesn't want the leak traced back to him. And you're okay helping him? A chit's a chit. Fairly certain it has nothing to do with sabotaging our campaign. I mean, Kane's not worried about Walsh. Which is why we'll win. His complacency and our positive press. So what do you think? Do we have a deal? I don't know, do we? Well, I'd like to think... Chad Langley. Sir, you wanted to see me? Lost a button somehow. Give me a moment. I spoke with Mr. Young. He's arranged to meet privately with each of our subcontractors - to go over budget requirements. - Good. So? Oh, yes. I'd like you to tackle the Lennox Gardens relocation sell. Start getting the word out about the process of relocation, its benefits, the speed required. Well, I've arranged for mailers and flyers to be sent out. I mean you personally. Knock on doors. Talk with the residents. Put a credible face on all this for me. Given the density of the projects, it seems more effective to have a crew of volunteers... Tenant leaders. Residents with standing, social, political, religious. I assume you know who they are or can easily find out. Gain their trust, secure their cooperation, and the rest will follow. Is there a problem? No. In my thoughts and in my words in what I have done and in what I have failed to do. Through my faults... through my fault, through my most grievous fault, therefore I ask blessed Mary, ever virgin... Sir. I'm so sorry, but I thought you might want to know. May Almighty God have mercy on us. Forgive us our sins and bring us everlasting life. If you ever interrupt me here again, I will have your fucking badge. Posted online, too. We're getting slammed with calls. Corrupt piece of garbage. God damn it! I know you're in there. Mrs. Lewis, can you please come out? It's Mona Fredricks, Janet's daughter. Please open the door. Out of respect for your mother, I'll talk, but I can't let you in. That's okay. I just want a moment of your time to talk about the redevelopment of the Gardens. As a tenant leader here you should know... So it's true. You're working for the man now. Yes. And you all right with what he's trying to do? Trying to chase us off, put up a mall of something? We lost the fight, Mrs. Lewis. The Gardens are coming down. I'm here to help save as much of the community as I can. The mayor's guaranteed 30% of the new buildings will be Section 8. And you believe that shit? - I have to. - Then what? Who decides who comes back? You? The mayor? Kenya Taylor? Mm-mmm. Better the way things are than nothing at all. That's what everybody's saying. - Looking for me, sir? - Close the door. Have a seat. Miss Fredricks? Making the rounds at Lennox Gardens. You ever been? No, sir. Growing up, the consensus was that my neighborhood knew its boundaries and vice versa. Have you? Tell him you left your mark there. It wasn't always as it is today. A hopeless hell in the shadow of downtown. You did that. Ignored the cries of the desperate. Too late to fix it now, Tom. Is there anything I can do for you, sir? I want you to make a delivery for me. The Lion and Lamb Pub. The owner, Ryan Kavanaugh, is expecting this. Do not pass along work to a phone monkey. When I give it to you, this is your task. Understood. Is there wisdom in this, Tom? Trust is so tricky when you're not worthy of it yourself. Oh, you a man, huh? Huh? You a man now, huh? You gonna jump up at me, boy? Boy, don't you ever in your life... you know who the fuck I am? Huh? You know who the fuck I am, boy? What's wrong with you, boy? Leave him alone. Leave him alone. I'll sign it. Shut the fuck up. Ain't nobody talking to you. Hey, what are you doing? Stop or I'll call the police. They don't come here, remember? Ma'am, is this man bothering you? - It's okay. I'm fine. - She's more than fine. She's informed now. That's all this is. A ward boss advising constituents. Give me a fucking break, Kenya. Nice mouth on the lady from City Hall. Thanks for the signature. - Let me see that. - Nothing illegal. Quite the contrary. Affidavit. Going door to door just like you. Already got 200 signatures towards filing a class action lawsuit to keep the buildings from condemnation. Well, 201, thanks to Miss Karen. Ma'am, tell me what happened. I want you all to leave us alone. Mr. Kavanaugh? The mayor asked me to get this to you. I've been to a lot of bars in this town, but I'm pretty sure I've never set foot in this one. You even old enough to drink? Plenty. But I think I'll just have some water, thank you. Have you owned it long? Been in the family long before me. The mayor and I practically grew up on these bar stools. Oh, yeah? What was he like back then? More hair. Is that your wife in that picture? No, a couple of good-time girls is all. We used to have to beat them off with a stick back then. I'll bet you did. Emma. Emma! Help me. Help me. Fine. I don't need you. I don't need anyone. Are you saying Kenya Taylor is working independently? He's an enthusiastic ward boss with close ties to the Gardens. Now, did he advise me of his plan to gather signatures? No, he did not. Do I applaud his strategies to stop people's homes from being condemned? Let's just say I appreciate his passion. And what about his tactics? Do you approve of those? I'm not sure what you're suggesting. Physical intimidation. Threats. Harassment. I'm not aware of any complaints that have been made. Would you really do this? Keep decent people under the thumb of gangs and drug dealers just so you can maintain a voting block? Time. From what I'm told, that's all anyone's asking for. Now the mayor may have his bulldozers at the ready, but not everyone's prepared to move just yet. So let it fester for another 10 years while a lawsuit creeps through the courts? How many kids join gangs, get hooked on drugs, die during that time? As long as you worked for me, never could have predicted it. Using the plight of your own people to do Kane's dirty work. Excuse me, sir. Have that list of precinct captains you requested. Thank you. Trey Rogers, one of our new aides. Pleasure to meet you, Miss Fredricks. Heard great things. Who's the traitor here, William? Who isn't? Mrs. Zajac, Kitty O'Neil is here for you. Maggie. Thank you for meeting me here. I would have come to you, but you know how insane it can get. Campaign manager. That's quite a promotion. It is. As if being mother to two boys wasn't enough. Three, if you count my husband. Do you mind if we just jump to the details of the debate? - I don't have much time. - By all means. Okay. I know Ben's strengths, and I'm sure you understand my candidate's assets as well. I assume you would prefer a town hall, but I want to propose a traditional debate... podiums, moderators. I just think it's more statesmanlike. He needs that. You're doing us a favor? Despite your husband's flair for spontaneity, I actually think it's a better play all around. Prescreened questions, no surprises. Potential moderators. For your cooperation, we will give you the downstate location. Sound fair? Town hall, Cook County. I'm sorry... have you actually discussed this with Ben? Because he needs rural voters. He would actually, I think, want a small-town location. Cut the bullshit, Kitty. We both know the race is about Cook County. Town hall at UIC. Pass. If the polls are any indication, you need this debate more than we do. So another time's fine. I know, by the way. About you and Ben. But you're one of many. Town hall, Evanston. Fine. How close are they to filing? 300 more signatures, which shouldn't take more than two days to gather. And who get out to vote? Gangbangers with their fingers in the political pot. Krall & Associates has been retained. It can't become another O'Hare. At this point, I'm not sure what we can do to stop that from being the case. And in the spirit of full disclosure, I'm not sure it's right to try. She knows what you did, Tom. Explain. The residents live in fear of Kenya Taylor. But he's the devil they know. And they don't know me. They know you abandoned them. There it is. They have every reason to believe you'll do it again. Only a fraction of the residents will be back after the rebuild. The rest will be on their own without subsidized housing. Or in another neighborhood away from their friends, their churches, their lives, or on the streets. Are you quitting? I've... arranged for a community meeting tomorrow, try to assuage their fears. Not sure I'll be able to do it. Because even you don't believe I'm a man of my word. This is... this is just hard for me. All this. How can she forgive you, Tom? How can anyone? How long has it been? Since we were all together under the same roof? Since we sat down for a meal like this? 10 years. How was your day today? Sit down. We are going to sit here and eat and talk. Fine. Let's talk. Your disease. What are you doing about it? Regular examinations. Calibrated meds. Exercise. Exercise? Clearly you have an opinion. There's an experimental treatment. In Canada. Oh. You appear free from physical symptoms right now. But I'm far more concerned about mental decline. Hallucinations. A shift towards the sentimental. Sentiment. Really? Well, here we are. What do I have to do to make this a goddamn family? You can't. You destroyed any hope of that. You're not a father, you're a monster. You can't change it. I'm not gonna sit here watching you pretend. Some things are best left broken. Good morning. - Can I talk to you about the redevelopment plan? - No. Excuse me, sir. Can I talk to you - about the redevelopment of the Gardens? - No, uh-uh. Excuse me, sir. Can I talk to you for a moment about the redevelopment plan of the Gar... Good morning, sir. Guess I was wrong about the cops. Mr. Mayor. I... I haven't set foot here for over 20 years. I haven't protected you as I should have or as you've deserved. And for that, I ask your forgiveness. I'm not here to bullshit you. If I had, the press would be covering the hell out of this. But they're not. Because I wanted you to hear it from me, not from your TVs, not from your radios, not from the newspapers. Every family in good standing, every law-abiding citizen will be welcomed back when the construction for the new Lennox Gardens is completed. You will all come home. No one will be abandoned. Don't listen to this shit. Kane is a goddamn liar. And when you do come home, the likes of Kenya Taylor will not be here to keep your families in a world of brutality and poverty. He will not be here to sell drugs to your children. - Or steal your vote. - Get your hands... - Or profit from your misery. - You can't arrest me! - What are the charges? - Bribery and extortion. - Let's go. - You think you can come in my house? Fuck you, Kane! You can't change shit! Fuck you! Mona Fredricks, she grew up here. She is your direct connection to City Hall. She is and has been your advocate. She believes in this plan. So do I. Crime and racism stand in the way of hope here. But we will overcome them. Past mistakes... will be corrected. And the ground that we're all standing on will be a good place to live once more. You have my word. I'd like to say hi. Thanks for listening. Thank you. Thank you. What's it mean? What it says. You want to make a trade? A little bit of this shit for a little bit of me. Hey, no. I got somebody. Hey, no. No. In only his second public appearance since the O'Hare ceremony shooting suspect was taken into custody, Mayor Kane made what has been described as an impromptu talk at Lennox Gardens. Cell phone footage provided by an observer shows Mayor Kane addressing the obstacles to his redevelopment plan. He had a lot of political capital coming out of that assassination attempt. It's just hard to understand why he'd be willing to throw it away on this. It's fine by me. A misstep for Kane is a misstep for his empty-suited candidate. Are we confirmed on the details of the upcoming debate? All of them? Yes, ma'am. - Hey. - Hi. - How was it out there? - It was good. Covered a lot of ground. So how'd it go with Kitty? She tried to play hardball. For a self-proclaimed politico, she's not as tough as she thinks. We agreed to a town hall debate in the suburbs. Why? Why what? We wanted an informal town hall in Cook County and we got it? That's right. And Kitty didn't try to bargain for anything in return? Not really, no. Not really? You gave me the job for a reason, Ben. Why does it surprise you that I actually might have outplayed her? He's taken it beyond simple redevelopment. He's lowering property values now. I just don't know what he's thinking. And his general contractor? He's still on board and on budget. Even with the freebies. No one's gonna make dick off this thing. Lucky if we don't lose what we got. Take care of it. Sir. The state's attorney... This redevelopment must mean a lot to you. I'd like to say I'm here because we're moving forward with the indictment, but that would be inaccurate. Two steps back, Tom. My job has been made more difficult because of an agenda. And it will protract the process. I wanted to give you the courtesy of hearing that. Personally. There was a connection. Meteorologists are baffled by the complex magnetic storm that appeared to be moving across the region. We'll keep you up to date on these weather patterns as more details emerge. In other news, Mayor Kane made what has been described as an impromptu talk at Lennox Gardens. Cell phone footage provided by an observer shows Mayor Kane addressing the obstacles to his redevelopment plan and makes a surprising promise to the residents there. Crime and racism stand in the way of hope here. But we will ovovercome them. Past mistakes will be corrected. And the ground that we're all standing on will be a good place to live once more. You have my word. Lawsuit sign-ups have slowed to a crawl. You turned it around. This is a pretty radical move you're making. Can I ask what made you change your mind? Does it matter? I suppose not. Larger question is how we're gonna pay for it. There's a way. I always find one. Kenya Taylor's already posted bail. But he's just one obstacle. There are more, and not just in Lennox Gardens. I am not done yet. I will remove all obstructions. The thugs, criminal and financial, have no idea what's coming. Change according to my will. We've got a lot to do, you and I. I love you. I should go. See you tomorrow. What have you done now, Tom? What have you done? Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 