Boss: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e5 - Mania - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 5 - Mania - full transcript 
 Kane orders a corruption sweep and arrests several members of his own political machine. Kitty O'Neil crushes Zajac's campaign just as he is on an upswing. Kane spirals out of control when his mental symptoms reach a boiling point and he can no longer distinguish between his hallucinations and reality. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Your disease. What are you doing about it? Regular examinations, calibrated meds. You appear free from physical symptoms, but I'm far more concerned about mental decline, - hallucinations. - Boss. - His name is Chad Langley. - You're sure he's the one? The high-powered rifle in the trunk of his car matches the bullet that struck your wife. - When can I see you? - You shouldn't-- not worth the risk. - You don't want to hear this. - Kitty O'Neill's joined the Walsh camp. - Campaign managing? - Cut the bullshit, Kitty. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Town hall at UIC. - Pass. I know, by the way, about you and Ben. - Town hall, Evanston. - Fine. Oh, I love you. Is that your wife in the picture? Nah, a couple of good-time girls, that's all. We used to have to beat them off with a stick back then. I have information that every media outlet in town wants-- the name of the suspect in the shooting of Meredith Kane. Do we have a deal? Sir, posted online too. God damn it. Gentlemen, I wanted to present this redevelopment plan in person because of its tremendous scope. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 With all due respect, it's just not practical to move that quickly. Natural selection. We adapt or we die. Hired some out-of-state contractor who's supposed to do it all on the cheap. No one man is bigger than the machine. It corrects itself. I haven't set foot here for over 20 years. I haven't protected you. Don't listen to this shit. Kane is a goddamn liar. And when you do come home, the likes of Kenya Taylor will not be here. Fuck you, Kane. You can't change shit! I'm not done yet. The thugs-- criminal and financial, have no idea what's coming. Boss 2x05: "Mania" Original air date on September 14, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com Yes. Expect a number of cases this morning, a matter of enforcing laws already on the books. At 4:00 in the morning, Tom? Corruption, a number of individuals who have seen fit to gouge city coffers. I have no doubt they will be prosecuted accordingly. Some level of coordination usually exists between agencies. There wasn't time. Your office is not known for its speed. Langley's psych evaluation hasn't been completed. I'm not prepared to move forward without it. Insanity has no bearing on guilt! Apparently it's true-- Satan never sleeps. Oh, great. I'm gonna sue all your asses! What? These arrests-- shouldn't they begin with you? I have never benefited financially from elected office. But others were allowed to prosper. Not with impunity. Within reason. And you did profit, Tom. Power is a form of currency. I've earned my standing. You took it, traded for it-- a favor here, a blind eye there, the removal of obstacles, of people. The trouble is, it doesn't belong to just you any more-- this house you've built. You can't pull cards and expect it not to fall. You are not here. This is how it would work: This only happens when I want it to happen, okay? If you can't abide by that, there's plenty of others who can. Shell casings have been found... Great. I'll let you know when I decide which way I'm gonna go. Thanks. ...A thorough investigation of the scene and the... For the shooter. We will provide you all the information we can as it becomes available. The early morning arrests were reported coordinated by the mayor and the Cook County State's Attorney, though no public comment has been made by either office. Police have yet to release the names, but sources close to the investigation indicate those arrested include ward bosses... ...union leaders and an alderman. Running late. Tell me. Kane's lopping heads-- his own people. Which wards are affected? 27nd and 23rd so far. And it's not even my birthday. His timing is questionable, but-- Kane's above having reasons. He does whatever he wants whenever he wants and answers to no one, least of all his candidate. Honey, I'm leaving. We should jump in with a presser on city ties to corruption. No, let's blanket those words with our volunteers. Let the news cycle make the connections for us. Smart. And if Zajac's get-out-the-vote is even a little anemic as a result, we'll up our totals there. We're gonna win this thing, aren't we? Yeah. My pass at the sweep for online. Thank you. No comment from dear leader? No, but I was able to get a name-- Merc Mercanti. That's a rough couple of days-- first he loses his contract at Lennox Gardens, then he gets arrested. Keep trying with city hall. Interesting piece you wrote on Walsh. It's an article, not an endorsement. Exactly. And you're an editor, not a reporter. Traffic? A little. Trying to get around it. Just take Franklin. Right away. - What the hell was that? - Sorry about that. Stop the car. Stop now. Yeah, give me Commissioner Hardy. Yeah, there's a pothole on Chestnut at Franklin. I want it fixed today. They say the measure of a man is what he does with power. Shut up. Sorry, Jimmy. Phones are ringing off the hook. It'd be nice to know what our office isn't commenting on. He didn't inform me of any details, only his intentions. Which seems to have become synonymous with your own. Those men have been bleeding the city dry for years. He asked them to play ball on one project, and they didn't. Was it an impulsive move on his part? Maybe, but what he's doing isn't wrong. Nor is it effective, given the fallout that's sure to follow. Are you questioning the wisdom of the mayor? I serve at his pleasure. So do I. Maybe it's just kids, huh? Yeah, with fucking machetes. They do anything else? Oh, Jesus Christ. Plenty of work here in Indiana. Fuck. You all right in here? Corruption rates, two of my voter strongholds. I don't know why I'm doing this. Yes, you do. Nothing is in my control. It's him-- everything. All I can do is react, go wherever he pushes me, like a goddamn ball. Walsh already has canvassers there. We'll do the same. We'll make sure our organizers stay the course. It's temporary, Ben. Once you're elected, you'll be-- What if that doesn't happen? What if I lose? You can't. Kane may be in the driver's seat now, but you have what he never will-- a future in a higher office. "The New York Times," "The Washington Post," C-Span-- all covering this debate. This is your time. Hey. You're winning this. What's the hurry? May I come in? I spoke with Joe Young. Seems his company has been hit with several instances of vandalism. Equipment. Insurance is covering the lion's share, but he's concerned the budget for the gardens could swell if this type of thing continues. It won't. Children being punished, sticking out tongues, acting up, yet still at the mercy of the elder, their destinies not their own. Tell Joe to beef up his on-site security. Which could run the same risk. Mona, don't worry so much. You really are a dog with a bone, aren't you? Or is it a boner? Enough! - Sir? - Excuse me. What is it? I thought you should know that perhaps in response to the arrests, Senator Walsh plans to blanket cook County with advertising, multiple spots in prime time. Give him an infusion-- Zajac-- a million from my PAC. Sir, with the mayoral election a year away, I'm not sure that it's wise-- I'll make it up. I'm not concerned about money. Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Todd, I have "The Sentinel" on the line and Moretti's not available. - Take a message. - What line? Tom Kane. Holy shit. Um, hi, Mr. mayor. I'm calling from "The Sentinel" and I wondered if you'd care to respond on today's corruption arrests. You want a quote? Yes. More arrests forthcoming? Are there any further plans--? My plan is to do the right thing. I don't know where I belong. Where I'm staying is a prison to me. I know that sounds ungrateful 'cause it's a house and not a cell, but I just feel more alone there, always did. Or maybe I just always felt alone. It's funny-- Actually it's sad-- the only other person in my family I ever connected with is sort of trapped too. He had a stroke. Sometimes I wonder if it's better not being able to think, feel. And I'm trying to stay strong. I'm just not really sure why I should at the moment. That's all I have to say. A vacant home helps no one. We have a situation where people are in need of places to live and your banks, which hold title on hundreds of foreclosures, are in need of financial relief. Fair market value's off the table if we turn foreclosures into rentals. Fair market values mean nothing in this economy. Even if we agree to this, your monthly numbers are way too low. We're talking homes that are worth 300k and up. She wants you to help, wants you. Homes that currently get zero dollars per month while you wait for real estate to recover. Would a $500 a month subsidy for families make it easier for your banks to bite? It would, for a single year. You're doing the right thing and they're fighting you, as if they hold the reins. And if the market rebounds in six months, we won't be able to sell. We'll be stuck with low-paying renters indefinitely. We have a no-fail completion date of two years, at which time residents will vacate your foreclosures and return to their new permanent homes in the Gardens. I can't speak for my colleague, but it's unlikely that First Midcentral will be able to help at this time, Mr. Mayor. Apply pressure, Tom. Let them know who's boss. Pull the trigger. Gentlemen, with all due respect, the city has done a tremendous amount of business with both your institutions. City pensions. I suppose other banks-- national, out of state, downstate-- would be keenly interested in managing those funds. In order to have enough properties to accommodate this plan, you'll have to make the court move our foreclosures through the dockets quickly. If that becomes possible, I see no reason why we can't make this work. Consider it done. Thank you, gentlemen. - Thanks for coming. - We'll be in touch. I'll arrange your meeting with the circuit court judge asap. Are you happy? With the way that worked out. Yes. - Hey. - Hi. - You look nice. - Thanks. Thanks for the piece you wrote on Catherine. Just so we're clear, I'm not looking for any gratitude. Oh, okay. No, you can compliment the article's accuracy or my literary style, but thanking me outright suggests that I did you a favor. I did not. You did accept the information I gave you though. Yeah, but had there not been a story to write about Senator Walsh, I wouldn't have written one. But you were right-- there's a governor's race for the first time in a decade. That was a story. You're such a man of integrity. - All right, I'll shut up now. - Okay. - Hungry? - No, actually I'm not. And I don't have a ton of time here, so... So we're not eating? Sorry. Want to tell me why we're at a restaurant then? Yeah, I'm just gonna get something to go. Come on. Look, I appreciate tips as much as the next guy, but like I said before, I'm not interested in any sort of ongoing tit-for-tat thing. All right? Okay. No, I'm serious. Look... I'm not that guy. Okay. My father called looking for prescription number. Um... Hey. Hey, Dad, it's me. Here's the number for your refill. Um, 0579915. I miss you. Yeah, I have another NA meeting tomorrow. I can't-- I can't do it like this. I need help. I don't-- I don't-- I don't know. Please. Mind your fucking business! Joe Young. The Gardens aren't your business, you dead fuck. - Who is this? - Quit. Shit's gonna keep happening till you do. All right, look, I don't know who the hell you are, but I got a pretty good idea where you are, so let's just get something straight, okay? That contract-- it's mine. And it's gonna stay that way. You want to fuck with me? You're fucking with your own mayor. Are you afraid? Is that why you can't sleep-- because you might not wake up? I can keep you awake. I can keep talking. You're up late. I've made arrangements for you to be able to see your grandfather. Why would you do that? Because I know what he meant to you. - Means. - I don't expect thanks. But I want you to know-- I'm not the same man. You're delusional. I've changed. When can I see him? Tomorrow. ♪ The sun will come out ♪ ♪ tomorrow ♪ ♪ bet your bottom dollar ♪ ♪ that tomorrow ♪ ♪ there'll be sun ♪ ♪ just thinking about ♪ ♪ tomorrow ♪ ♪ helps you through the heartache ♪ ♪ and the sorrow ♪ ♪ till there's none... ♪ ♪ Tomorrow... ♪ Tomorrow. Sir, I understand you're seeing Judge Scanlon today. You are not Stone. No. I'm not. However, I worked on housing issues with the judge when I was with Alderman Driscoll. I believe I could be of use to you in the meeting. Mona and I can handle it. Zajac. I tried to tell you about him before. Transferred $1 million from your PAC to his campaign fund. I'll head there later today. - I said half that. - Sir, I'm fairly certain that you requested-- Why the hell would I give him a million of my fucking dollars? I'll pull the other half back immediately. My mistake. You're betting on the wrong horse. I was right to do what I did. After me. After us. Am I the only one who knows what he wants? Mr. Langley suffers from late-onset schizophrenia, has some disorganized thoughts, but not to an extreme degree. Enough to keep him from executing the assassination attempt? Not necessarily, though he does struggle with the concept of time. The larger concern for you, I think, is the physical limitation that might exist. - Such as? - His eyesight. He has previously undiagnosed open-angle glaucoma. To take that shot... Motherfucker. Incompetence, greed, and finally the unmitigated gall to march their highly-paid attorneys into my courtroom - and demand leniency. - Criminal. And yet the irony is, we're in civil proceedings. Doesn't that one work for Driscoll? Used to. Recently he's become an advisor to the mayor. Seems young for that. In any event, part of the reason it's taking so damn long is the sloppiness of the paperwork, the way they sliced and diced mortgagees. Banks can't prove their own liens. Believe me, I'd like nothing better than to push these foreclosures through as quick as I can. Then we're on the same page, which is no surprise. I remember the night you won your seat, stood by you as you made a victory speech like no other. Glad to have been a part of your success. We're hoping to relocate residents as soon as possible. But that would require your active enforcement of eviction proceedings against those inhabiting foreclosures. Some of whom have squatted for a year or more. This housing crisis nonsense has been quite draining for those of us on the Circuit Court bench, what with our four-year election cycles. Greed has no edges, no bottom. Always they want more. My colleagues on the Appellate Court are blessed with 10-year terms-- something I have long envied as retirement has approached. I'm sure the mayor would continue his support of your career, should you decide to make such a move. He's even porcine in appearance. Look at that snout. And I his. So... There are several hundred foreclosures in the Ashburn/Morgan park areas that'd be ideal for-- Pig. Excuse me? You're a pig. I won't be insulted, Tom, not when you're asking for my help. It's fine. We'll get there. How sure are we on the timing of this thing? Very. "The Ledger"'s fully on board. Well, I still think that opening remarks should focus on fiscal issues. Once we're in the body of this debate, there's not gonna be an opportunity to talk about-- Tina, her base isn't a factor. We need to appeal to the collar countries. We? She's been here, what, a month? There's no room for ego at the table, not when Kitty's helped me get closer to a win than I've ever been. She knows the players. So pause after the second line for applause from the live audience, which will tee up the at-home viewers for the follow-up on crime. Great. Love it. There'll be plenty of time to sell her fiscal platform afterwards. What if all this doesn't work? It will. Love, respect, kindness-- all three are necessary in a healthy relationship. I got none of those from my ex. But when I was floating, I didn't need it. It was like it was calling me. But now that i'm clean, I have my family's support, i'm not on the streets, it's a little easier. But it's still a day-by-day process, you know? You miss me or you miss using? What? You have no idea how hard this is for me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Here. It's all I got. You're a fucking drug dealer. I-- I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't even know what I'm saying. - I'm sorry. I'm a mess. - Look, look... - I'm sorry. - I'll get more, all right? I-- I just want to be in control of it. All right? Yeah. Yeah. So is that it? No, of course not. No. You're the only good thing in my life. All right, hey, everybody, listen up real quick. Half a million dollars. Hello, statewide media blitz. - So what's the catch? - I give up my firstborn? The mayor found it important to show his support at this time. Really? While simultaneously throwing a rock into my get-out-the-vote operation? Whatever, as long as it doesn't bounce. So any talking points for tonight, about the sweep business? Applaud his anti-corruption efforts. Beyond that, it's just skirting the issue. Okay. Well, you want to at least clue me in on his long game so I can skirt the issue intelligently? I think your focus should be on family, in light of the senator's lack thereof. So what you're saying is you have no idea. Do you? The mayor doesn't really owe me or anyone an explanation, does he? Let our office know how these funds will be distributed. I will. Are you feeling anxious at all? Not anxious. Impatient. Time is proving elusive. And the hallucinations? Manageable, if irritating. That hurts my feelings, Tom. Are they in the form of people? Primarily, yes. Living or dead? Both. And your judgment? Keen. There's a clarity, a righteousness. My path is clear. There are occasions with Lewy Body in which one's behavior can skew manic. Is that something you feel you'd be able to recognize in yourself? - Yes. - No. If you are feeling bad, as I suspect you might be, we should seriously consider the use-- I have not experienced tremors. I do not intend to. They're only gonna get worse-- these delusions. There is a clinic in Toronto experimenting in alternative treatments. Alternative. Their work is untested and unproven, the risks undocumented. You don't have to go to Canada to mitigate all this. Aricept-- it's a cholinesterase inhibitor. At a certain point, it's better to shake than to go mad. Too late, Tom. Where are we with evictions? - Nowhere. - Condemnations? Notices can be placed right away, but without housing-- - We'll find it. - We had it. All Scanlon wanted was your help in positioning him for the appellate court. I don't understand why you didn't capitulate, even temporarily, why you had to insult him. Honestly, it was a huge mistake. A mistake? We could be posting eviction notices right now-- Was it a mistake to hand you a job that allowed you to actually serve your community? I don't intend any disrespect. Your unwavering appreciation-- where is it? I-- I just-- This is my thanks? What do you think I did this for? For world fucking peace? I'm fairly certain you did it for yourself. Sir, we have to prep this room for the debate. Will you be watching with the staff? No. You said you could help with Scanlon. Yes, sir. Do so. Strangled, asphyxiated, or both? Definitely strangled. So what's in his mouth? A map. You're losing friends, Tom. There are others. Worse than that, you're losing control. She made me angry. You made her cry. I didn't mean to. But you did. You hurt people. You can't help yourself. That is not true! Of course it's true. Look at me! No! I'm sick of it-- All the talking, the harassing, the haunting. I can't think! You're not thinking. That's the problem. You're just doing whatever you want to whomever you want. This is your fault-- these missteps, these mistakes. Oh, no, Tom. This is all you. Don't you dare fucking blame me. You're not real, not here. Would you excuse me for one second? Where's your candidate? She'll be out in a minute. I don't think I ever will understand your choices, but I hope you're happy. There you are. We wanted to wish you luck. Oh, well, thank you, sweetie. Come here, buddy. Let's fix your tie. Well, good luck out there. Same to you. You look good. Saw Walsh backstage-- no contest. Of course not. Come on, boys, let's go find our seats. And don't forget-- the blonde in the green dress. Yeah, got it. Family values. And I want the camera focused on her at that moment, okay? So it has to be off her. So just make sure that whatev-- Okay, thanks. How do I look? You look good, respectable. Ha-ha. Break a leg. Really? That's the best you can do? Full house out there. I'll go see how close we are to air. Senator Jacobs, Congressman Wexler, Taft, Hannigan and half a dozen aldermen all here in support. Excellent. Are you ready for this? Any feelings getting in the way? No. No feelings. Welcome to the great gubernatorial debate. Our candidates will open with brief statements and then we will take questions from our audience. State Treasure Zajac won the coin toss and he will go first. Please. Thank you. I am humbled by this opportunity to have this conversation with you all today, to hearing your concerns and answering your questions. There's no mediators, no pundits, just you and me talking about our great state and my vision for its future-- a future filled with forward motion, with progress and hope, not saddled with the failed politics of the past. And that's what we'll get if Senator Walsh is elected. She will take us backwards. And I'm not one to want to live in yesterday. And I doubt that you are either, so let's live for now, Illinois. Thank you. All right, thank you, Mr. Zajac. Senator Walsh, please. Picture perfect. Unlike Mr. Zajac, I don't mind looking back from time to time. The fact is, I have a substantial public service record and I'm proud of it. And that record is available for review. Now. And like Mr. Zajac, I care about the future too. But experience has taught me that action, rather than rhetoric, provides what people need to help prepare for that future. I really hope that today we can focus on the real issues that face us-- crime, drugs, the need to fix the social safety net, because while talk of the past and the future might make for a great campaign spot, it's what we actually do that matters. Thank you. Thank you, Senator Walsh. We will now open the floor for questions. And, Mr. Zajac, you'll be first to ask questions. Well, well, well, what do we have here? Thank you. Let's begin with a young lady in the green dress. Can you tell us how your opponent can possibly understand the plight of families... ...When she herself does not have one? I do not believe that my opponent's life choices make her any less able to, but what I do know is that having a wife and that having children has personally opened my eyes in ways that I never dreamed possible. I used to be that guy who didn't want the noisy kids next to him on the airplane. Now I got a couple of them. And while at times emotional and exhausting and of course expensive, I'm grateful every single day that I get to be a husband and a father. Thank you. Senator. Yeah, the woman in the blue scarf. This question is actually for Mr. Zajac. Mr. Zajac, Who is the woman in the picture just posted by "The Springfield Ledger"? I-- I'd rather not-- I'd rather not, uh, uh-- I'd rather not comment on an unconfirmed photograph. This is not a matter of-- - of public discourse at this time. - Isn't this a picture of you and Alderman Ross's wife? My candidacy-- and we're here to-- to debate the issues. Did you have an affair with Alderman Ross's wife? Again-- again, this isn't the venue for matters of personal nature. We're here to talk about the issues facing Illinois - and about our cand-- - Just answer the question. - Ladies and gent-- - Were you having an affair with Tia Ross? - Ladies and gentlemen, this-- - Answer the question! - I-- - Is this Tia Ross? And to think it was all of your own making. Sir, I-- I can't talk right now. Joe Young is dead. Hammond police found him in his truck, strangled, with a map of Chicago in his mouth. Your friends are your enemies, and vice versa. Given everything that's happened, I think it's best if we just slow everything down. I'll leave you to your thoughts. As I'm sure you're aware, the mayor has a sense of humor. He wasn't joking. And, frankly, I had no idea he harbored such animosity toward me all these years. He doesn't. In fact, he intends to provide you with all the tools necessary for your transition to higher court. He sent you to apologize for him? No. But I am apologizing. You're new in his office, just like the woman I met. She was quite impressive. I bet you'd like to be impressive too. I would. Then... Perhaps we can be of mutual benefit to one another. That was my thinking. Hi. I'm-- I know who you are. Is he awake? It's hard to tell. Grandpa, it's me. It's Emma. How long has it been since you've seen him? Years. He seems worse. A pretty bad stroke he had, from what I understand. Do you think he understands? Probably not. Sorry, but you might want to step into the other room for a minute. I have to change his catheter bag. Well, I can do it for him. I used to run a clinic. I want to help however I can. Suit yourself. Kids, churches, soccer moms-- run all the spots we have with that sort of imagery. Think there's a chance any others will come out of the woodwork? Maybe. Wow. I get it. You disapprove. No, I like front-page sex as much as the next guy. Whatever. That's all it was? Plan A-- leak it to "The Sentinel"; That doesn't work-- go to "The Ledger"? No. That's not all it was. You know, the funny thing is I can't even tell when you're bullshitting me. Don't worry. I won't come at you again, okay? Hey. I'm not worried. Could have been Kane, though I don't know why he played it a second time. Kitty. Town hall setting, Cook County. She's good. Was it anger or opportunism? It is always politically motivated for her. What do you want to do? Nothing. A single press appearance together, mea culpa. And then we just hope that something shitty happens in the world and bumps us from the news cycle. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna have my sons grow up with some humiliating picture of me standing next to their promiscuous father and think, "yeah, that's what a good wife does." I want them to be better than that. I'm better than that. All right, I'll make a statement alone. I'll go right at it. This is something that happened in the past, something we worked hard to get through with counseling and faith. To hear you say it almost makes me believe it. It can be true, Maggie. I don't want you at the house. He's finished, toast. There is no coming back from this. It's the pictures. And it's sordid. While the Clinton, Spitzer and Sanford situations were devastating, there were no pictures. We're visual people. Those pictures will burn in the electorate's mind forever. Put a fork in him. Zajac is done. Obviously this is very shocking, but I am less interested in the treasurer's private life than I am in his ability to lead. And while a private matter such as this does not belong in the public eye, one can't help but consider what it says about his character. My friends are my enemies. Langley didn't pull the trigger. The shooter's still out there. Find the shooter. We're working on it. Find the goddamn shooter! I'm not one of your subordinates. You will speak to me with respect. I'm sorry. Sir, you'll be pleased to know I was able to get judge Scanlon to agree to your terms. I need to go. Get me my car. Yes, sir. I am-- I am-- control-- in control. I gave an order. - Sir? - I told them to fix that pothole. - Is it still there? - Do they not recognize my authority? Stop the car. - Sir-- - Does nobody listen? Stop the goddamn car. Why should anyone listen... You are not here! ...When you are clearly insane? I am the goddamn mayor of this motherfucking city and I want this hole fixed now! Fuck! Shit! Scumbags, show yourselves! I'm in control. I will not be questioned! - Keys. - Sir. - Keys. - They're in the ignition. Don't follow me. Where are we going, Tom? Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 