Boss: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e9 - Clinch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 9 - Clinch - full transcript 
 Chicago is bankrupt and a team of receivers pour in to take control of the city. But losing his mayoral power isn't the biggest danger to Kane as various enemies including Sentinel editor, Sam Miller, threaten to expose his illness and corruption. Does Kane have a plan in his back pocket or will he go down with his city? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I've been concerned any improvement is likely a placebo effect. Was Tom Kane admitted to your clinic? I need to know. Yes. We treated him. That bag you dropped was light at least five grand. - Mayor Rutledge is in the hospital. - How can I help? Emma is upset. I want you to take her home. You're stronger than this. Had you previously been unfaithful? I'm not going to answer that question. Don't you think we deserve to know 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 who our elected officials are? I made a fucking mistake. When I become the next governor, you and I will seldom coincide legislatively or otherwise. We are fast approaching the annual vote to cover the city's expenditures. There can be no push-back. It pains me to be the bearer of bad news. Is this really the legacy you want to leave behind, Mac? Allowing the state's largest city to go under? This bond acquisition vote provides you an opportunity to stimulate a wind of change. Sacrifice the castle to take down the king. Castles can be rebuilt. Men cannot. Voting will now begin. Alderman Ross? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I vote nay. Out of the way! Out of the way! With a tally of 41 nays, this measure is denied. McGantry, everything you need you have. I fully expect you to lock him up before I hand this slam-fucking-dunk case over to the Feds. "Clinch" Original Air Date on October 12, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ Sync & corrections by Alice & Martzy www.addic7ed.com Time. I want it. Don't have it to give, Tom. While I appreciate you coming to Springfield in your off-hours to ask, there's nothing I can do. Financial chicanery could have lasted only so long. And it's to your credit that for over a decade it did. But without the state bonds, without your own council's support, the city is about to default on some hefty loans. Who do you think you are? I've called for an emergency manager. The advance team will be there... Who the fuck do you think you are? The governor of the goddamn state, that's who. You... have no idea. How is he? I'm not sure you have the right to know. Excuse me? I spoke to his nurse. Nadeem, I believe. He suggested you could have had something to do with it. That, for whatever reason, you may have withheld your grandfather's medication, causing him to fall. Is that what you call it? Medication? The doctors can't say if he'll ever come out of the coma. Hard enough seeing him live through a stroke. You mean the one that you caused? Sorry? His stupor. It didn't just happen. It was induced. And you kept him that way with all the bulbocapnine you keep giving him. - I don't understand what you're suggesting. - Why did you do it? For his money? For his power? For your husband? Borden. B-O-R-D-E-N? Great. Thanks. Credit reports, disciplinary actions if any, who his family members are... that's what I need. - A real background check. - Got it. Sussing out a source or a date? This detective I met with called, said he had information for me. Might be moot. Cullen's named an emergency manager. The city's days from defaulting on its financial obligations. When it does, Elizabeth Borden takes over. The attorney who whipped Detroit into shape? Ran it for over a year. Mayor's cutting after-school programs to bridge the budget gap. Nice. How's he gonna pay for the other five billion? Exactly. If Kane can't stop the bleeding, Borden's gonna take him down before you do. They're here. Hard up in a clinch and no knife to cut the seizing. How many? Dozens. - When can we expect you in? - Soon. Kill all residential streetlights. Let this message be heard. Corruption, political or financial, will not be tolerated by my office. Take a couple questions. - Morning. - Morning. ...was taken into custody outside his Gold Coast penthouse. He was a necessary evil, but known and without association. I'll make the call. Even my father had to ask for this type of help from time to time. How is he, by the way, the old man? Unchanged. Emma, however, is becoming increasingly unstable. And made accusations last night about the stroke. She got physical. Tom, I want her out of this house. Will it be enough to keep the city from going under? If not, the public wants to know what's next. I would ask that you endure for a few more days. How long... before they try and wrest it from you? Sir, we're ready in your office. What the fuck are you looking at? Our phone lines are flooded with complaints about the closures. Parents, teachers, conservancy groups, park and rec workers. Temporary inconveniences which must be abided. Sacrifices must be made, particularly in those wards which don't provide enough tax revenue. Nonexistent in the 21st. Then shutter its day care facilities, shelters, and community centers. Sir, I understand your hostility towards Alderman Ross, but his ward's already stretched in terms of public services. And he no longer has to provide them to residents of Lennox Gardens, because there are none. At the moment. I'll notify DFSS about shuttering those agencies right away. Smaller measures like these can help, but, with all due respect, they're a drop in the bucket given the city's deficit. What we really need is a federal bailout. Which is why I want you in DC. I need you to push for TARP funds. Get the Treasury to buy our debt. That's just what I was about to suggest. Take the next plane out. I'll make some calls, get you in front of the right people. Yes, sir. Ian, it was a bit chilly when last I visited the conference room. Make our guests more comfortable. It was sound advice and I took it. To great success, as it turns out. Congratulations on that McGantry arrest, by the way. Timing could have been better. We barely made it one news cycle before the budget crisis became a bigger headline. True, but it's all of one piece... fall of the status quo, ascendency of new leadership. What can I do for you, Mr. Zajac? Double down. Help me further separate myself from Tom Kane by providing your full power of your field operations. Got to love a man with confidence. If he gets wind of this... In a few days, he's a nonissue. City goes broke, it'll be up for grabs. Pretty big takedown. His biggest PAC contributor for years. He must have done something huge to piss Kane off this much. Like contribute to my campaign. Might not have been Kane's play. God knows the State's Attorney will do anything to get into the papers. No, I'm pretty sure Doyle got this handed to him on a silver platter. Kitty, you give your old boss way too much credit. And anyway, McGantry is yesterday's news. Today is all about the fact that Chicago's been run into the ground by the bad guys. We're ready. In here. And you work for the good guys now. Have a driver meet me at the gate. I've got my RFP responses here, but I need my PowerPoint overnighted. I'll call you from the cab. Good a time as any to leave town. I'm flying to DC, trying to mitigate some of the damage you've done. It's not my fault the city can't meet its obligations on loan interests. Kane's been working this Ponzi scheme for years. By the time the receiver gets it straight, his term's over, and you're out of a job. Should have stuck with Mr. Ross here. FYI, if Borden takes over, your boss loses, too. Unlike our mayor, I can rise again. Seems like your name may not be worth so much after all. No. No. No. No! No! No! You can't fucking do this! Fuck you! Fucking bitch! Let me out! Sweat it out, bastards. The city has a pension payment tomorrow of over half a million dollars. We could save that by shutting down select transit lines between 7:00 P.M. And 5:00 a.m. It'll buy us some time, anyway. Do it, but don't spare rush hour. Not a cut the public will respond well to. Perhaps you should make a statement. Last thing I want to do is become the official face of this crisis when it is the council that is wholly to blame. I just wish some informed insider would say the same to the press. Sir? You heard me. After all these years, I can't believe I've never seen your home. We don't entertain here often. Well, this is a special occasion, then. John, my husband's trust isn't easily earned. I've noticed. My family's made more than one overture. Yeah. But at the moment, Chicago is experiencing financial difficulties. And you see an opportunity. I do. Does the mayor even know that I'm here? He does. But this was your idea?-... Yes. Well, allow me to be the first Vacarro to contribute to Tom Kane's PAC. John, now is not the time to think small. No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! This is Ian Todd. Leave a message and I'll call you back. It's Emma. You need to come here right away. They've locked me in. I have to see you. I need you. If you are satisfied with your message... No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! No more cutbacks! Mr. Todd! Mr. Todd! Any comment on the deficit that stands to bankrupt the city? Yes. I do, actually. Having worked with several council members, I'm struck by the lack of responsibility being taken by its leadership in this crisis. No less than a month ago, all 50 aldermen approved pay raises for themselves. But when the mayor needed help in balancing the budget, they refused. Now they're off the radar while public services are cut, citizens suffer, and an emergency manager with a six-figure salary is appointed. Where's the democracy in that? Excuse me. No more cutbacks! What qualifies someone, do you suppose, to run a city? Mr. Kane, out of respect for your position, I came here after hours so as not to cause any... Did you study law? Economics? Get elected? My team is here to ensure a smooth transition of power. The fact is, no matter how much money you move around or how many light switches you turn off or jobs you eliminate, the city will default. And because that is the reality of the situation, I wanted to give you the opportunity to speak with your unions before I cut pensions and cancel contracts. Do you really think I'd allow the likes of you to take this from me? A bean counter? A shyster? Someone who has more regard for the almighty dollar than the people of this city. Short of a miracle, I'll be back in two days. I'll see you then. Hope to be your next governor. Your campaign's been on quite a roller coaster. With the positive press you've gotten since your mea culpa interview, think you still have a shot at winning the office? Absolutely. Because I still care about Illinois. Which is why I didn't approve the mayor's request for a state-funded bailout. Thank you. Mr. Kane's played a big part in your candidacy. - Has that changed? - Well, he knows, as State Treasurer, I have a fiscal responsibility to each and every taxpayer. So in good conscience I can't saddle them with a debt incurred in a single city. And how are the people of Chicago supposed to feel about that? Well, they should be angry. And I don't blame them. They shouldn't have to feel the pain of mismanagement. And people can think what they want about me personally, but my record will show I have tremendous fiscal discipline. Hi, how are you? Thank you so much. Good to meet you. Hi, nice to meet you. Thank you so much. - Hi, how are you? - Hi. Good. - Thank you so much for your support. - Nice to see you again. Yes, great to see you. Thank you for your support. Thank you so much for your support. Let's wrap this up, okay? Thanks, folks. See you at the polls. City's closing this line down anyway. What you're suggesting is unprecedented. Worked for the auto industry. That was corporate. You are talking about using TARP funds to buy up municipal debt. The mayor's hoping the Treasury will be pragmatic. We go down, it's not just Chicago that feels the pain. Not pragmatic to open the door, allowing every distressed city to claim our limited funds. Illinois' 20 electoral votes. It is unclear that a weakened Kane can deliver that. Can we get the mayor on the phone with the secretary to discuss our proposal? Why don't you just fucking roll over and die? Sorry, I told him... Nice to see you, too, William. You want this city to suffer, at least have the decency to spread it around, not just gut my ward, which as you know, don't have much to begin with. - Why? - Why what? This? Don't you care about your constituents? The people you were elected to serve? Do you want to see them at the mercy of an outsider? As opposed to you? You are not that petty or stupid. Your time has come. Our time. Years of bloody battle between us, now we both lose to a third party. You're the one who pushed it over the edge. With that. That, Alderman... can save us both. Hey, Roxie. A little bit of this for a little bit of that? It's Meredith Kane. How are you? I'm just fine. Thanks for asking. Funny you should call. The wife asked about you just last night. Give my best to Edie. Mac, I know you're busy, but if at all possible, I'd love to meet you for lunch. - You here in Springfield? - No, in Chicago. But I could have you flown in on a friend's private jet. We could chat. Last time we did resulted in a steep National Guard bill. No, this won't cost a thing. I'll have you back in Springfield in a couple of hours. There's someone I'd like you to meet. Never pass on a free lunch. Wonderful. I'll see you soon. You really do smooth out my rough edges, don't you? Hello? You weren't lying when you said someplace out of the way. Well, I can't be too careful with the goods that I got. I like the sound of that. Your suspicions about Ezra Stone are not unfounded. Meaning it was an inside job. Gotta be some terms here if you want the full story. You know, last time I saw you, you were barside with Kane's pal from the O'Hare ceremony. Kind of seemed like you guys were part of the same fan club. Past tense. Look, CPD's been doing Kane's dirty work for years. Then he turns around and scrapes Royczyk like shit from his shoe. Now he's eyeballing our pension funds to keep the city from going belly up. You'll go on record? For 10,000 bucks. We don't pay for stories. Well, you don't get 'em this good, either. What, toxic waste in Bensenville? Please. The "Sentinel" is a paper of record, detective Dinovo, not a tabloid. Yeah, and I'm a man without retirement pay who needs to leave town if I go public. I'd say 10 grand was a bargain. Take it or leave it. There's more to tell. ...that's not what she said to me... Hey, I don't blame you. Afternoon, gentlemen. Mr. Taylor. Come here, man. It's good to see you, man. - It's good to be seen. - Yeah. How you doing? Fine now that charges against me got dropped. I'm grateful for everything you did in that regard. You kept your head when you were in custody. That kind of loyalty is something I very much value. Of course it is. So the Gardens are done for a while, but I'd imagine you still need some help in the field. I understand young brother covered for me while I was gone, but... Trey, go down the hall, get us some ice. I want to fix the ward boss a drink, catch him up on things. All right. How your family, man? Everybody good? Everybody's good. You had sex with Treasurer Zajac? Oral. In his office. That part was okay with me. But then he eliminated my internship, which was way not okay. And when I saw him on the street, he pretended he didn't know me. Wow. He's just a hypocrite, telling people he's only had one affair. It's a lie. Patty, I get why you want to hold him accountable. I do. It's a completely healthy reaction. But if you go public with this, you will be savaged. You will be painted as a slut. He will deny it, say you're delusional, and everyone will believe him. Don't throw your future away on this. He's not worth it. I really thought you'd be on my side. I need a breakdown ward by ward. Get me the southeast first. I am. Just sleep on this, okay? Give it some thought. Call me tomorrow and we'll talk about it. Okay. So what was that all about? She used to work for Zajac. She's looking for a new job, but we don't have any space for her. Getting too old for this shit. Description, location, compensation. Tonight. I'm meeting with Senator Carter later. If we can get assurances that banking won't go after them, maybe we can get the Fed to help. Good, keep at it. How are things going there? A day from shutting down schools. I'll keep you posted. You may be my only hope. Mac's quite affable, though he and my husband have had their moments. Which is why you're here and not the mayor himself. As you can imagine, he's quite busy. And I do play a role. It's quite clear how much political power you have, Meredith. Mac. A fella could get used to this. Mac, this is John Vacarro. John, Mac Cullen. So, what's for lunch? Let's go. I'm not much of a gambler myself, but the track has proven to be a solid investment. People seem to enjoy it. Bought it several years ago. Put in a global pari-mutuel betting system. Been a moneymaker ever since. Very nice. As is the box. Nothing quite like it in Springfield. Excuse me. Mrs. Kane. Meredith, are you all right? Yeah, I just needed to sit for a second. Shall we cut to the chase before the horses do? Absolutely. McGantry's property surrounding Lennox Gardens. - Now owned by the state. - Go on. I buy it at market value plus 5%. Do you? Shouldn't that be phrased as a question, Mr. Vacarro? We both know market value these days is a turd with a price tag. Three years ago, McGantry bought that same real estate for a hell of a lot more than that. That was then, Mac. And this is now, I suppose. We take the guarantee to the banks as collateral for emergency loans. You come out looking like the savior of Chicago. Jesus. Someone get me a pair of tights and a cape. - Is that my new identity since the riots? - Why not? Think I'll get a chance to place a bet before I have to go? Meme. Hey, hey. Hard man to find, cuz? Just been working in different places, man. Sound about right. You wouldn't be thinking of running off on me now, would you? I will find you. I ain't going nowhere, bro. I'm just building my business back up. I got a little now if you want it. The fuck is that? 5K is some serious paper, man. And I ain't got 10 years to wait on you. Have all my money today or we got issues. You know I ain't got that shit, man. Hey, look, tell me something, man. Really. That little white girl worth all this? Man, I'm done with that bitch. Look at the man. He done with her... and yet the debt remains. So tell me, what we gonna do about that? What's up with the Zajac volunteer? She was inexperienced. We don't need her. You're lying. Why? I'm not. If another one's come out of the woodwork, why aren't we running with it? Catherine, it's gilding the lily. Not when he's trending up. Proof that it was more than one affair could finish him. If you've got something on Zajac, I want it. So either he banged the fat chick or she's mad he didn't bang her. Which is it? She's just a kid, okay? If we go public... This is my fourth run. I don't give a shit about collateral damage. But the meeting was set. - He can't see you. I'm sorry. - Can't or won't? Carter's been waiting 15 years to get the gavel on banking. He's not gonna give it up for this. He owes his career to Kane. You think he can get by without Cook County next primary? Look, everyone's watching Walsh/Zajac and thinking maybe Kane's finally irrelevant. She wins, his pull evaporates. People forget a fundamental truth. Tom Kane always finds a way. The further you back him into a corner, the more painful the cuts when he fights his way out. I'm sorry. After all this, I'm getting no? Welcome to politics. You might wish you'd stayed out. Thanks, you two, but I need to get going. Need to check in with Borden before it gets too late. Sorry you couldn't stay longer, Governor. With only a few months left in office, I'm sure Mac wants to make the most of them. Tell Tom I wish him the best with this thing. I really do. Will do. Which way to the jet? Tell me. He's not on board. They say a mule will labor 10 years willingly and patiently for the privilege of kicking you just once. He wants more than that. Yeah. Speak later. Payroll for sanitation won't be met without more cuts. At this point, we're at mandated furloughs for nonessential city workers. - Any word from Mona? - Nothing encouraging. Sir, is it possible that... will we lose control of the city? I want this delivered by hand... to Governor Cullen. I believe Governor Cullen is out of the office until tomorrow. Then deliver it as soon as possible, God damn it. Yes, sir. Mr. Mayor, just thought you should know, the emergency manager is meeting with her advance team in the conference room. 10% across-the-board layoffs aren't enough. We'll need at least 18. It has not been two days. You are interlopers here because of my hospitality. I want you to leave now. First off, this advance team is here by order of the state. - And in 24 hours... - Get out! You! You're postponing the inevitable. She's wrong. - Are you out of your mind? - I wanted to see you. Here, in the middle of nowhere, after not calling me for days? Yeah, I know I've been out of touch. No word, no explanation. Nothing. Kane has a brain disease. I was tracking that before Rosebud came along. Reason I was over the border when you called? That's where he was during the riots... an experimental treatment center just outside of Toronto. My gut says that Stone knew about the illness as well, saw that Kane was unfit for office, so he leaks the Bensenville story under the name Rosebud. Kane ultimately finds out about it and kills him for it. The burglary gone bad, which every other paper in town seems so ready to print... I've got the lead detective ready to go on record, say the whole damn thing was a cover-up as long as I pay for it. Now I'm not exactly ready to bite that fucking bullet, but, goddamn, I mean, we've got him. - We've got Kane by the balls. - We? Yeah, you told me Rosebud was Stone. I did not. I told you it may be Stone. May be. And I told you, Sam. No one else. So don't even fucking think about using my name, okay? Look, he can't touch you from a prison cell. That's exactly where he's going. You think Kane is blinded by ambition? You may want to take a look in the mirror. Jesus. Fucking me isn't enough? Now you're gonna analyze me? Excuse me? Wow. Look, I didn't mean that. Don't use my name. I'm gonna use your name anyway. You'll be subpoenaed. Do it. I'll deny everything. And by the way... fuck you! You know, you just... you can't trust her. I think we can. Defending that kid today was a big move for her as a person. Since when do you give a damn about Kitty as a person? Take it easy. Good news is, we want another Zajac scandal, we got it. Yeah, no thanks to her. - I need a cigarette. - No, you don't. Sit down. Sit down. She knows people, so what? She does. You know me. I'll be back in a minute. Senator Walsh? Just wanted to say congratulations on your campaign. Voted for you every election. Well, thank you so much. Let's see if we can make it to the governor's office this time, - Yeah. - Thanks again. Are you planning on leaving soon? - No. - Would you mind if I... Go home. Would you like me to arrange for your car to... It's a sailor's term for being overtaken by misfortune. "Hard up in a clinch and no knife to cut the seizing." I'm not going anywhere. You're dismissed. Yes, sir. Where's Trey? I don't know, man. But he asked me to talk to you... To what? Waste my fucking time? A few weeks in a suit and he's a player now? Tell him... Hold up, nigga. I'm here to tell you something, man. - That right? - He wants you gone, right? So we got one way you can do it, or we got another. Are you serious? You think you can just get up in my car and threaten me? I'm trying to do you a favor here, bro. And I'm gonna do you one by not punching you in your goddamn face. Get the fuck out. If you don't do this, he'll kill us both, man. - I promise you that. - I ain't scared of that motherfucker. - And sure as hell ain't scared of you. - Keep talking. Give me a goddamn break. Think I don't know who you are? Darius, the one who's been banging Kane's daughter. - Shut the fuck up! - What's this, some kind of joke, man? Trey trying to punk me out with this shit? Send me some weak-ass, punk-ass, bitch-made puss... Okay, we got to get ready. They're picking us up in 30 minutes. Okay? Come on, lazy girl. Come on, Tina. Come on, you... Tina? Tina! Tina! I need medical help! Now! Tina. Sweetheart. Tina. Tina. Tina. Tina. Can we say "dead lesbian"? EMT hinted it was a drug overdose, maybe ketamine. What about Walsh? Anybody know if she was under the influence? Or should we just write, "Woman found naked in her bed"? Where the hell is Miller? He's not answering his phone. Track down that EMT. You, don't say lesbian. Or ketamine. "Dead woman found in hotel room with Walsh, possible overdose." I'm going to the hotel. Breaking news... Senator Walsh's top aide was found dead early this morning in the senator's hotel room. We're going now live to the scene. - Was it an overdose? - What was your relationship? Were you doing drugs with her? Why are you afraid to come out of the closet? Is your campaign now over? - Are you a lesbian? - How long have you known the deceased? Senator Walsh... senator can you tell us, are you dropping out of the race? Was she just your lover? Is it true you were in bed together? Ma'am, how long have you been lovers? Senator Walsh, did you love her? Is your campaign over? What's the best look for taking over a city? Stripes read serious. I don't know why everyone's so surprised. Worst-kept secret in Springfield, Walsh being a muff diver. This just came for you from Mayor Kane's office. Last pitch for clemency? Humph. What is it? Get the mayor on the line. Why didn't you answer? Why didn't you call? - This is dangerous, what we're doing. - They won't know. This isn't about your parents. It's about you. - Are you okay? - I confronted her about everything. We have to get you out of here. What, do you think I want to stay? Tell me. Tell me what to do and I'll do it. Well, what if your father negotiated a deal with the State's Attorney? You'd have to plead guilty. Emma, listen to me. You'd have to play the part. I'm not one of their employees. I don't have to eat their shit. You're right. So forget about what you have to do. What do you want? I want them to pay for everything. So put on a dress, paste on a smile, and take the long... The long view? He'll be dead soon. What? Lewy Body Dementia. Maybe that's justice enough. You... you won't tell anyone? You can't. Of course not. More layoffs are planned as the city's economic picture worsens. Governor Cullen is said to be en route to City Hall where he's expected to make an announcement. Elizabeth Borden, the emergency manager appointed by the governor, could not be reached for comment , but observers expect her to join the governor for that briefing. Anything at all? Sir, I wasn't able to... I'm sorry. I'm on my way in from the airport. Don't bother coming in. I want to. Suit yourself. No, everything's about to change. In fact, hell's about to freeze over. I've got to go. We heard from Kenya? Hasn't come by, hasn't called. This motherfucker gonna miss out on all the fireworks. What brought you out here today? They closed the day care. I work all day. Where am I supposed to put my children? The city's on edge as the deadline approaches for Mayor Kane... They got here this morning before I did. What do you think he's doing about all this? No idea. All I know is how he spent the night. He come out at all? Make or take any calls? One from the governor, that's it. Yes? Cullen's on his way up. We'll need the briefing room. Please do what you can to make it look presentable. Thank you. This is it. You gonna let him know this is going down? Get the press room ready. Sir? Excuse me for interrupting. I wish City Hall was a taller building. Or closer to the water. Be nice to see the lake. The governor's arrived. Presumably to hand control to Miss Borden. Some believe you think more clearly near water. Have you heard that? Mr. Mayor, I cannot express to you strongly enough the urgency of the situation. I don't want to see you surrender. Tell me what to do and I'll do it. Good man. Another day. Ready? Emma, please. I don't feel well. I know. Brought you some tea. I'm sorry. You were right. I have been using again. Made me a little crazy, I guess. But keeping me in my room kind of forced me to get sober. And I'm glad. And I'm gonna be good now, Mom, I promise. Good. I heard on the radio there's a press conference. What's going on? I don't know exactly. Kane's in with Cullen. Do you have anything? Should I stop them? No, we're radioactive. Ross is here. Fucking vulture. I'm almost there. Hurry, they're about to start. - I haven't seen Borden go in yet. You? - No. What's he doing here? We've suffered together. Tightened our belts. Made sacrifices. We can tolerate no more. And we don't have to. Along with my colleague in the council Alderman William Ross and entrepreneur John Vacarro, we have put together a coalition of leaders from both business and government to build a dazzling complex on the grounds formerly known as Lennox Gardens. A project to revitalize the city and bring in tremendous revenues, licensing fees, jobs, and tourism. I present to you The Gardens Convention Center and Casino. Projected income... $2.6 billion in the first five years, 1.1 billion in taxes. A crucial percentage going towards schools, libraries, parks, streets, transportation. Because of our coalition, we are in receipt of this letter of credit allowing the city to borrow against the promise of this epic venture. And who better to oversee such an undertaking than outgoing governor Mac Cullen, who will serve as chairman for the Chicago Gaming Authority at the end of his tenure. Ladies and gentlemen, we're back in business. Now there are many, of course, behind the scenes who helped bring this project to fruition. But I would like to thank one in particular. One who has been a tireless advocate and a driving force in the redevelopment of Lennox Gardens. Mona Fredricks. Got a hit on this aged-up Boetker photo. This was less than a mile from the site of the shooting. Only partial plates. I assume you're running them now. So I would ask that you come back to me with the full story, Detective. Seems the budget crisis is over. Public response to the mayor's casino plan has been largely positive. With the promise of this large a cash infusion over the course of the next several years, several banks have agreed to provide low-interest loans and the emergency manager has been sent packing. A goddamn casino. With everything that implies. Well, now we know why he wanted us to prosecute Babe McGantry. Kane just sold the land we seized. I took the fucking bait for this lawyered-up piece of shit. Fucking fuck! Yes? What is it? I just... very well played, sir. And I can't begin to tell you what an honor it is to be in your service. Well, considering the way things went today, that could be the case for a long time to come. I certainly hope so. And suddenly he's the messiah. He's untouchable now, Sam. You know that, don't you? You all right? I don't know what I am any more. I'm assuming that they weren't into recreational drugs... Walsh and... Tina. I heard it was probably ketamine. Is it possible? Could he be that evil? Could he have done this? Can't imagine it was anyone else. Catherine wasn't going to work for him. Ever. See, that's what I don't get. I was still in this race. I could have won it on my own. Not what he wanted. And you weren't gonna win, Ben. We all but bought Cook County. What'll she do? Walsh. Open a homicide investigation. Not much else she can do. You're gonna be the next governor. He owns you. There you are. So, what do you want to do? You know what I want. Not this. What do you want to do now? Those TARP funds you had me chasing, we were never gonna get them, were we? You just wanted me out of the way so you could do this. You have a daughter, yes? Mine's 10. It always mattered very much to me that she was proud... of me. What I do. And yet, I'm still here. So I must be lying to someone. And what about you? Who are you lying to? There was no political upside to the promises you made. So either you give a shit and you pussied out, or you're a motherfucking lunatic! Which is it, Tom? Your naiveté was charming for a time, Ms. Fredricks. Even enchanting. I wondered what it would feel like to bask in the admiration of someone so pure of intent. It was nice. But now I know. Don't bother to collect your things. I'll have someone send them along. And give my best to Bitsy. I'm sure she's very proud of you. Miss. - Yes? - If you wouldn't mind. What is this about? Get in! Now! Sync & corrections by Alice & Martzy www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 