Final Appeal: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Final Appeal 
 s1e1 - Patty Prewitt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Final Appeal (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Patty Prewitt - full transcript 
 Brian Banks and Loni Coombs take an intimate look at the case of Patty Prewitt who has been behind bars for over 30 years for the murder of her husband. Have Brian and Loni come upon new evidence that may change Patty's life forever? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Our justice system is not perfect. Innocent people end up behind bars, and those are the cases that are especially important to me. - There are so many people in prison that need experienced, objective eyes on their cases to determine what really happened and to perhaps bring attention to something that was done wrong. ♪ ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I did not kill my husband. ♪ ♪ I was a country kid and I met him in seventh grade. - Patty Prewitt, a beloved Midwest mom, married her childhood sweetheart, Bill. - Bill was so cute. He had black hair with blue eyes. We were happy. - Together they ran a lumberyard and raised five children in rural Missouri. - But on February 17th, 1984, all of that changed. - Bill was shot to death in his bed, and Patty became the prime suspect in his murder. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - A year later, a jury convicted Patty of first degree murder and sentenced her to 50 years in prison. - When I came in, I left five children. It was horrible. - And then their son Matt committed suicide, under suspicious circumstances. - Patty's supporters say that the police rushed to judgment and ignored evidence that was left behind by the real murderer. - But a jury convicted her. I want to know what made them believe that she killed her husband. - For 30 years, Patty has appealed her case. Now her fate is in the hands of the governor who can grant her clemency before he leaves office, but time is running out. You know, I know what it feels like to be wrongfully convicted and lose 5 years of your life, but to be a mother and to lose 30 years of your life... if this woman is innocent, somebody's gotta answer to this. Five years in prison for a crime I didn't commit. - 18 years as a criminal prosecutor. - As a team, we will examine cases of convicted killers who claim they are innocent. - Are they victims? Or are they criminals? ♪ ♪ - At the age of 16, football was my dream, it was my passion. I was 11th in the nation as a linebacker, I had potential to play in the NFL. But then I was wrongfully convicted of rape. And the woman finally came forward and admitted that she lied about everything. I lost ten years of my life for a crime I didn't commit and I vowed to myself that the moment that I was freed and walked from behind those bars that I would get involved in finding out if there were other people like me that were wrongfully convicted of crimes they did not commit. - I was a criminal prosecutor in Los Angeles county for 18 years. I have this experience, I have this knowledge, and to be able to take that experience and look at cases to see if there's wrongful convictions is very important to making sure that justice is done. ♪ ♪ Patty Prewitt has spent more than 30 years in prison for a crime that she says she did not commit. When I look at a case, I look at the evidence. I look at the facts. People's emotions? That you have to push to the side. - Loni's background is a law background. My background is a street background. I'm gonna look at it from the perspective of somebody who's been wrongfully convicted. So we're boots on the ground investigating this case. Because if Patty is innocent, and we can find something to help prove that, we need to do it now. - We are here tonight to make our voices heard, that it is time for Patty to come home. - So February 18, 1984, Holden, Missouri. Bill and Patty Prewitt went home that night after a late night out with some friends, they checked on their kids, and then they went to bed. Okay, that's what we do know. - Mm-hmm. - What happened after that, there's two very different stories. The prosecution says that after they went to bed, Patty got up, and shot and killed her husband. The defense on the other hand says that Patty was awakened and yanked out of bed by an intruder who shot Bill and then tried to rape Patty. - We have so many reasons to think that someone came in there and did this horrible crime. That person is still out there. The government systematically ignored all sorts of evidence and that's a classic case for exoneration. - While on the one hand you always say the spouse is the first suspect... - Right. - In this case it goes against everything people say about Patty and Bill. I mean, she was a PTA mom, she was a member of the chamber of commerce. - Yeah, you know there are thousands of cases where people are claiming to be innocent, but this case here in particular just stands out amongst the others, cause something's not adding up here. - I want to thank everyone for uniting here tonight to support Patty Prewitt, my mother. My four siblings and I ranged in age from 8 to 16 when she was forced to leave us. We are now 39 to 47. We would have loved to had her with us free through the good and the bad times. She's missed enough. And we just want her home with us. [applause] - Right now, the Governor is looking at a petition for her clemency, and he has just a few weeks before he's out of office. - Please Governor Nixon, Free Patty Prewitt. Thank you. [applause] ♪ ♪ - 37 years and people are still in full of support of her coming home. They're sitting on a month of time, you know, for the governor to say something. It's crunch time. ♪ ♪ - I want to meet Patty face-to-face. When looking into these cases, I need to meet the person who's been accused of this crime. ♪ ♪ - Patty's been in prison for more than 30 years, and she's always said she's innocent, but that doesn't mean she's innocent. I want to go through all the case files to see what stands out. - Hey, Brian. - Hey, what's going on Loni? and the prosecution's theory for what the motive of this killing was because of the insurance money. - Mm. And would these insurance policies have helped her in any way? - Okay. I will do. As someone who's been behind bars for a crime they didn't commit, one that thing we all have in common: We've never been heard. So here's an opportunity for me to sit with a person who claims that they're innocent and allow them to finally be heard. ♪ ♪ [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Hey. - Hello. - How you doing? - I'm fine. - Brian. - So nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you too. Have a seat. I know where you are today. I don't know what 30 years feels like, but I know what 5 feels like. How have you managed to survive 30 years of incarceration? - I'm not gonna do the whole life sentence today. You have to do the best you can today. I know that probably sounds really trite and stupid, but you know if you fall in that well it's hard to get out. - Oh, yeah. - Because I've still got four kids. There's no givin' up on my kids. ♪ ♪ - How would you describe your marriage with Bill? - We used to describe ourselves as Foxfire hippies. Livin' off the land. - Oh, yeah. - Havin' kids, goats. - Yeah, yeah. - We were just two young people with the same idea when it came to raising kids and moral values. - Mm-hmm. - And we were happy. - Yeah. - Happy. - So how did they continue on with the idea that you were responsible for Bill's murder? - The investigators said that some huge percentage of cases-- it's always the spouse. - The spouse-- - And then he kept asking me about insurance. How much we owed and how much insurance we had, like that. We didn't have enough insurance to pay our debt so killing Bill for insurance money would have been fruitless. - Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ If you could take me back-- tell me about that night. - Uh, it was a stormy night, lots of lightning and thunder. [thunder rumbles, rain patters] Well, we had gone out with some friends and, uh, I drove home... [suspenseful music] And then Bill and I went to bed. And somewhere in the middle of the night, I was... [exhales] Yanked out of bed by my hair and thrown on the floor, and this man had a knife to my throat. - Were you able to see him? - No, it was really dark. - Was this person sittin' over you? - He was layin' on me... - Mm. - And he was wrestlin' with his belt buckle and my pajamas. It was all such a awful-- - Were you sexually assaulted? - Yes, I was, but I didn't say I was. - Why is that? - I don't know. I just didn't feel like I wanted to-- to, uh... tell 'em that. I wanted them to find who killed Bill. I didn't want to talk to them about me. - And afterwards what happens? - The man gets up-- I don't know where he went, but when the weight is off of me, I scramble across the bed to Bill. - Okay. - He's making a kind of a rattly kind of breathing noise. - Was there blood everywhere? - There was blood s-- it seemed like something under his head, And I didn't think I could get him out alone, but I had to get the kids out. That's all that mattered. - Did you think someone was still in the house? - I don't know. But I had to get the kids in the car. I didn't even know where we were goin'. I just-- - So where'd you go? - The neighbor down the road, Mr. Gustin, he'd been a marshal in Colorado. I just pulled in that driveway 'cause I thought, "Cliff will know what to do." So we all just kind of burst into their house, and I tried to explain what was goin' on. I said, "He can't be gone." [breathing shakily] It was awful. He was so young. [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] - So after sitting there, across the table from Patty, what's your gut reaction to her? I mean, do you think she could be innocent of this? ♪ ♪ - She didn't come off as a murderer to me. - Really? - Yeah. But I have a lot of questions. - Mm-hmm. - One thing that did come up was, um--you gonna trip on this. - Okay. - She told me that she in fact was raped. - That's huge. - Yeah. - And it made me think right away what that information could have done for her if she in fact did tell police she was raped. To me it doesn't make sense. - I can tell you, having worked with rape victims as a prosecutor, that's actually very understandable. This is something so personal she may not want to tell a room full of strange men who are looking at her as a suspect in a murder of her husband... - Right. - Much less do we even have time to talk about me as a victim here, so... - Wow, that makes a lot of sense. - Yeah. But it is interesting, Patty said that she was being held at knife point. - Yeah she mentioned that to me too. - And these are... the wounds that the police saw on her neck that morning and took pictures of. The police said they were just way too perfect for them to be inflicted during a sexual assault. - I mean if there is a struggle, if this guys fumbling around with one hand while keeping a knife in the other hand, you would think that this knife would kind of be moving around a bit. - Yeah, and there's some other things too besides this the police looked at. When the police get to the crime scene at about 4:30 in the morning Bill is in the bed, they believed he was asleep, when he was killed, And he's been shot, the prosecution says twice, Once in the temple, and then once in the back of the head. So they find one .22-caliber casing in a loveseat in the corner of the room. Patty actually tells them that they have two .22-caliber rifles that they keep in the closet. - On her side of the bed, - Yeah. When the police look for those guns, they find one. One's missing. - So here's the Prewitt house... - Yeah. - And way over here is a pond that's on their property. The police actually found the missing .22 rifle in that pond. And they found some boot prints around the pond that matched a pair of Patty's boots. ♪ ♪ So, it's a strong prosecution case. - Well, this is Patty's property. So you're gonna find the family's boot prints all over, and then for her to dispose of the gun right on their property. - And why did Patty tell them about the guns? - Yeah, right. - If she knew that that was a murder weapon, why would she tell the police about it? I mean, the more you look into it the more questions I have. You know, I really want to go out to that crime scene. - Patty Prewitt's been - Patty Prewitt's been in prison 30 years for a crime she says she did not commit. Shooting her husband Bill in his sleep. The governor has the power to grant Patty clemency, but he's on his way out the door. This could be her last chance at freedom. ♪ ♪ I want to check out the town where the Prewitt's live, get a sense of the community. I want to know what people who live in Holden thought about Patty. Did they think she was guilty? - Was it uncommon for a murder to happen in this small town? - Oh, very rare. - Mm-hmm. - I really can't remember another one. - Mm. This is still very much an old school town. I can imagine how it looked back in the '80s, right. - Yeah. [dramatic music] - It was just kind of unbelievable. You know, they just seemed like a very happy couple, and happy family. - Mm-hmm. - Bill was very quiet. Nice guy. Always kind of had a smile on his face. Patty was cute, bubbly, and they were really kind of different in a way, but seemed like they, you know, worked well together. - Do you have any idea where we would find Patty Prewitt and Bill Prewitt's old lumberyard? - Yeah, it used to be right there in that empty lot over there. - You mean right here across the street? - Yep. - Well it's not much of a lumberyard now. - No. - But you can get a feel of how big it was at one point. ♪ ♪ - And this lumber yard was-- was really the foundation of their dream for their family. How did the verdict affect the community here in Holden? - The community was divided between people that thought she was innocent and people that didn't. And I wasn't so sure. I don't know what she had to gain by it. They talked about collecting insurance and so forth and... I don't think there was that much insurance. And so I was really surprised by the verdict. [train horn blowing] - Is there a person who we would think would be the true killer? - I think that's what's so puzzling is no, and I think that's why it's still kind of a mystery is there's nobody that you can just put your finger on and say that's who did it. I don't suspect that you're gonna really find any answers. ♪ ♪ - This is Holden. - Yes, it is. - [laughs] Welcome to Holden. - Yeah. - We got some work to do. ♪ ♪ - How do you feel about heading out to the Prewitt farm? - I think that should be our next step. ♪ ♪ - After the murder, the Prewitt's stayed in the house a little longer... - Mm-hmm. - And then they ended up selling it. - After all of that I wouldn't want to be in that house anymore either. ♪ ♪ - This should be it right here. Just a dirt driveway. - Mm-hmm. - Talk about quiet. - Boy. - I mean, you can just picture, you know, what Patty said. She rounded up her kids, she put the clothes on 'em, and she put 'em in the car. They pull out of this drive way. she's driving away, Bill is still in the house. He's dead. - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. - It's winter time and freezing and your just driving down this dark, quiet road and you're trying to figure out what you're gonna do next. - It's also clear because this is so far out here that if it wasn't Patty, it was a targeted attack. I mean, it's not like somebody happened to, you know, randomly be driving down this road and say "Oh, if I'm gonna do something, I'm gonna go into this place." Right? - Right, right. That house is pretty big, so you got to do some work to find a gun and everything else. - Yeah, yeah. The attacker... had to get up to the master bedroom, get the gun, shoot Bill in the bed. - Right. - They didn't wake up any of the kids. You know, there were a lot of people in that house. ♪ ♪ Unless it was Patty. ♪ ♪ It's so isolated out here. You could understand why the prosecution had a very hard time believing that a random intruder killed Bill. I can see why the jury said "Patty's the one." ♪ ♪ Does this bring back memories, being in here? - Yeah. I know I was on next to the end right there on the front row. ♪ ♪ - The trial lasted how long? - I believe close to a week. Like, 4 days, 4 1/2 days. - Four days. - Something like that. - What did you think as you were hearing the case? - I believe it was the last day that convinced me of her guilt. - Do you remember what happened on the last day that ultimately gave you that assurance? - She had testified that she was still in bed when he was shot, and then when the medical examiner testified he said the two shots would have pretty well had to have gone through her, so there was no way she was in bed. - Mm-hmm. - The other thing was, she testified that the man came in to rape her, but he never raped her. I think you're going to go ahead and rape her if that's what your intent was. - Mm-hmm. - If Patty... did claim she was raped... - Mm-hmm. - Would that have changed your mind about this entire case? - You know, I would have to think about it. Um... 'cause then that would have at least shown probably that someone else was in the room. - Someone was there, yeah. - I don't know, yeah. I just made my decision on what was given to us at that time. - Mm-hmm. - But I honestly still to this day think she's guilty. [dramatic music] [soft dramatic music] - What was interesting about the juror is for her it really came down to the medical examiner who testified. - The prosecution says that Bill is shot twice. The shooter had to be near the bed. - On her side of the bed? - Yes. So obviously the prosecution is saying, if she was laying here in the bed, the shooter couldn't shoot him with her laying there. - And you can see here actually the back of Bill. With that gunshot wound, I mean, it's hard to believe that Patty could still be in the bed, laying there. - But, you know what, forensics has gone a long way since the '80s. We should send all of our reports to our own expert to see if Patty could have been in the bed when Bill was shot. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Wow, look at this. - Yeah. - This is fantastic. Hi, I'm Loni Coombs. - Matt Steiner. Nice to meet you. - Hi, Dr. Maloney. It's nice to meet you. - Brian. - So tell us what you do. - Well, I'm a medical examiner. - I'm a crime scene investigator, senior crime scene analyst. - Sweet. - So we have a recreation of the Prewitt crime scene based on measurements and documentation from the original scene. - So what we've actually set up here is a mannequin of Mr. Prewitt and we've measured so he's in the exact position that he was in in the room and on the bed itself when he was discovered. So what we're going to do is we're going to try to determine the trajectory of the two bullets to see if we can figure out where the shooter may have been standing when they fired the gun. - Nice. - Great. - Alright so the first wound we're going to look at is the wound of the right temple. So we know that this gunshot wound was 3/4 of an inch in front of the right ear as well as 1/4 of an inch above the right ear. ♪ ♪ So this is the trajectory of the bullet to the right temple. Alright, now, so for the second gunshot wound... ♪ ♪ We know that that was 2 1/4 inches posterior to the right ear. So as we're going from right to left, the upward angle is 30 degrees. Here we go. - And we have a replica of a 22 rifle. - Oh, okay. That's it. - So what we're going to do is we're going to place the trajectory within line with the barrel 3 inches away from the wound. - Okay. - 3 inches away from the wound because? - Based on the test fires that the lab did, that's what they determined the difference from the muzzle to the target was. - Okay. - A little bit more. 1/2 an inch, 1/4 inch. Perfect, stop. - Do you mind? - Please. - So let me lay down. ♪ ♪ Okay... so even if I'm laying on my side, which would make me higher than if I was laying on my back, you still have plenty of room. - Plenty of room, yeah. - So do you feel comfortable firing that weapon from that position? - Most definitely. I have more than enough space to get the exact shot that I wanted with this gun. If there was a person here I wouldn't even disturb them. ♪ ♪ - Now we have another gunshot wound. - We do. ♪ ♪ - Wow. - I mean you have even more space 'cause I'm actually higher up then I was here and lower. - Matt, do you mind doing it and seeing if your arm--this arm gets too close to my face... - Sure. - Since you're shorter. Matt, you can still do it, too. - Yep. - So for both of those gunshot wounds, based on those trajectory, Patty could have been laying in the bed the entire time. - Absolutely - Wow. That lines up with Patty's version of events. ♪ ♪ - The juror said that the - The juror said that the medical examiner's testimony is what convinced her that Patty Prewitt was guilty, but now that we've tested it, Patty could have been in the bed when those shots were fired. I wonder if the juror had heard this, if it would have given her reasonable doubt. [dramatic music] - I do have to say, there is some stuff here to support Patty's story of what happened that night. - Mm-hmm. - There were pry marks on some of these doors, and two of the daughters, as they were leaving the house that night said that they heard noises and saw a light on down in the basement. - They saw a light? - Like a flashlight. - Mmm. - And one daughter that testified said the door was shut, but when the first neighbor got there, the basement door was open. ♪ ♪ - Okay, so what if, while Patty and Bill were out enjoying their night... ♪ ♪ Some intruder made their way into the house... [door opens] Made their way into Patty and Bill's room... [footsteps thumping] [door opens] Found a gun, and decided to wait for them to return. - Yeah. Lie in wait. - So then the question is: Who would have done this? Who else would have gone to this house out in the middle of nowhere, essentially? Did she give you any theories, any ideas, any suspicions, any names she could throw out? - Do you have any idea who may be responsible for Bill's murder? - When my oldest daughter went to high school, we found out that there was drugs all through the school. My husband decided he wanted to know where the kids were getting it. So he started looking around and he carried a little notebook with him, a little memo pad thing and he would talk to unsavory characters as far as I was concerned. I don't know if that all factored into it, but I know his little notebook was gone. I couldn't find it after we got the house back. - Oh, that's interesting. - So there could be something there. - Yeah. - There could be something there--I mean, if he uncovered something he shouldn't have. - I mean anything like that could get him into a criminal element that could open him up to a whole new group of people... - Yep. - That might want to do harm to him. - Yeah. ♪ ♪ [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Bill and Patty had five children. Jane, their oldest child, was at a sleepover the night that Bill was murdered. - It would almost be easier if I believed that mom did it because then I would have somebody to blame. Some kind of closure on that. Because, you know, otherwise my father was murdered and we don't even know who did it. - You and your brother and sisters were very close. Did you talk about this and try to figure out who might have killed your dad? - Yeah, we--we did from time to time. I mean, mostly were just trying to live our lives and try to heal. But every once in a while we would have conversations about things. You know, maybe dad had found out somebody was selling drugs to somebody that he wasn't supposed to know about. You know, there were different theories about different people. - Before Bill was killed, did you guys ever have any threats that was coming your way? - Well, we started getting phone calls months before dad died. They were obscene and just breathing and things like that. And then we did have a guy come in the house once when my sister Sarah was home sick. - Unannounced? - Unannounced. Just let himself right in the house. She was in Mom and Dad's bedroom. A car pulled up in the driveway. She looked out the window. So she didn't really see who it was she just saw him coming right into the house, and then she just hopped under the bed. She says that he went in the closet and looked in that walk-in closet and she thought that he did something behind the dresser, which is where Dad's gun was. - Two .22-caliber rifles that they keep in the closet. - And then he walked out and walked right down the stairs and back out the front door. - And how far before your dad's death did that happen? - She was 12, and she was 12 when dad died. - Do you think that this random strange man who came into the house was planning to kill your father? - At the time we didn't know why he would be in there, but it always seemed very odd and intentional. But then we just had a lot of things happen after Dad passed away. - Tell us about some of those things. - So we had family dogs when Dad passed away. We had collies. [dogs barking] And then when we got the house back after the funeral, there were no dogs. And mom said that she didn't see any dogs that night when they came home from the restaurant. And then, a neighbor found our dogs dead on their land. So we don't know if they got poisoned or if somebody did something with 'em. - So if someone wanted to sneak up on that house... They would need to take care of the dogs. - Probably, first - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. - But there were lots of strange circumstances going on here. - What things are you talking about? - Brian, I mean, our family was terrorized. A truck would pull a little bit up in the driveway and then somebody would bang on one window on, like, one side of the house and then somebody would bang on a window on the other side of the house. - Oh, wow. - So, like, you're running from a noise over here and then there'd be another noise over there. And then somebody gave us a guard dog and then one day we came home, and it had been hung. - Lord, that sounds crazy. - It was like we were in a nightmare. The phone calls kept happening. Sometimes either the breathing phone calls or just, um, lots of hang up calls. - Any threats? - And--no, no threats... - No speaking? - Until Matt died. - Let's talk about that for a bit. Tell me what happened to your brother, Matt. - Matt died from a gunshot wound, and his body was found on my grandpa's farm. It was deemed suicide, but a lot of people in the family and lot of--you know, a lot of people aren't sure. The day that he died, he got a DWI, and it wasn't his first DWI. He told Officer Glenn Hite that he knew who killed his dad and that it wasn't his mom. - Matt said, "I know who killed my dad." - Yeah. - Did he ever tell you or anybody who? - No, not me. Not anybody I know. Then, after Matt died, I got this phone call and a man's voice said, "Your brother is a sign. Everything is a sign. Patty needs to keep her mouth shut." - Get out of here. - No. If my mom is supposed to be keeping her mouth shut, what about? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Jane says her family was terrorized. I mean, literally, targeted by somebody. Bill may have gotten himself involved with the wrong people. - Patty told Brian that Bill was actually investigating some suspected drug activity in Holden. It makes you wonder if somehow these things are connected. ♪ ♪ We're going to visit Mary, who was one of Patty Prewitt's close friends at the time of Bill's death. She actually testified at the trial and she says that she has some information about evidence that she found there at the crime scene when she went to clean up after the investigation was over. [knocks on door] [dog barking] - Shh, you're all right. - She's got a dog. - Hear something. Hear an animal. - I love dogs. Hello, how you doing? - Hi, Mary? - Hello, how you doing? - Yes. - Brian, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - I'm Loni. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Please come in. - Thank you. - After you. [soft dramatic music] - When they turned the house back over to the family, I mean, it's bad enough they had to go back there and live, let alone be up there in that room. - Mm-hmm. - So, I went up and cleaned the bedroom. - So what did you do to clean the room? - I finally--ooh, give me a second. - Yeah. ♪ ♪ - I had to seal around the edge of the-- the floor because I couldn't-- I couldn't make the blood stop. - When you say you had to seal it to make it stop, was it--was it still running, the blood? - Well, whenever you apply water to blood it's more and more and more and it just-- I couldn't-- couldn't get it cleaned up. - Mm. - I vacuumed the room. - Patty, uh, made claims that she was grabbed by her hair and yanked out of her bed. Do you recall there being clumps of hair around the room? - Yes, lots of hair on her side of the bed. That's--that's for sure. I mean, I didn't really even notice any on the other side. - Did you go into any other areas of the house? - Their basement, I don't think any of them liked to go down there. It had a dirt floor. - Mm-hmm. - And there were very obvious man-size boot prints of some sort. It looked like somebody had been hiding under the stairs and then the tracks went over to the window that looked out on the driveway and there were obvious prints back and forth. - Mm. - My thinking is that you could see when Patty and Bill came home. Because they were-- had gone out that evening. both: Mm-hmm. - Did you see anything else? - Mm... the door that went into the family room, that door did have pry marks on it. - Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ - These things that you saw, what did that make you feel or believe about Patty's innocence or guilt? - I mean, none of it fit. There was just-- it was unfathomable. Two boys sleeping across the hall. So not anything I could imagine from Patty. - How did it make you feel about the investigation that the police did? - I honestly thought that there was no honest investigation done in the house at all. That was my belief, completely. They made the evidence fit the crime. ♪ ♪ [soft dramatic music] - We've learned from Mary that when she went back to help clean up the crime scene, that she saw things that the police could have further investigated. ♪ ♪ - She was in that house cleaning up the crime scene. - Yeah, yeah. - She took that responsibility on. - She found some stuff she felt like the police missed that was important, yeah. - There's just so many angles and things that were never fully investigated. The pried doors. - Yeah. - The flashlight in the basement that the young girl reported. "As I was leaving the house, the basement was lit up." Matthew... - Yeah. - And his supposed suicide. Why would he kill himself? 'Cause you got to remember that this young boy was in the police station telling them "I know who killed my dad." - And then, if it's not a suicide, who actually killed him? - Right. ♪ ♪ - I'd like to see if we can get, you know, a medical report or something as to that actual case. There should be a police report on that. - Oh, that looks good. - Oh, there are your fries! - Thank you so much. I didn't catch your name. - Sandy. - Sandy, I'm Brian. - Brian. - Nice to meet you. - Sandy, I'm Loni. It's so nice to meet you. - Sandy, are you familiar with the Prewitt family? - I knew who they were. - Mm-hmm - They would come in and get sandwiches. - Were you surprised at the verdict? - No. I just couldn't think of anybody that didn't like Bill. both: Yeah. - Did you ever hear any rumors that there were problems between Bill and Patty? - Well, there was rumors that, you know, she was messing around. ♪ ♪ - Oh. ♪ ♪ - And, did--did people-- some people hold that against Patty? - Most people thought that she got what was coming to her. ♪ ♪ - We knew from reading the trial transcripts that Patty had had extramarital affairs but we didn't realize the impact those affairs had had on Patty's reputation in the community. A few of her ex-lovers actually testified at the trial. Maybe there was issues between her and Bill. Maybe something there serious enough to give her motive to want to kill him. We're going to meet with Patty's defensive attorney to find out: Was this a very big part of the prosecution case in front of the jury? ♪ ♪ - Prosecution's case was that Patty was having... at least one, if not several, affairs. I think the prosecutor sought to paint her as a fallen woman, uh, a terribly immoral wife. So the idea was, "Oh, gosh," you know, "she must have wanted him dead. So she could get out of this horrible relationship." both: Mm. - I honestly think that what Patty was convicted of was adultery. Missouri, it's very conservative once you get outside of the urban cores. And in 1985, any way in which a woman deviated from the 1950s ideals, uh, was by many people held against them. both: Mm-hmm. - Really, there was no reason to believe that this lady had actually killed her husband, but the natural response is going to be to look at the spouse. ♪ ♪ I think what happened is, that's as far as anybody got. Frankly, that's why we were absolutely furious when we finally found out about the suspicious car. - What do you mean by that? - Well, in that... lonely spot out in the middle of the county... at the time when Patty said someone broke into the house and killed her husband, there was a strange car sitting on the side of the road. - Mm. - Basically, that information was never given to the defense... ♪ ♪ And it's strong, supportive evidence to what she said happened. - Do you think that could have changed the outcome if you would have been able to present that? - She would have been acquitted. both: Mm. ♪ ♪ - This neighbor who saw a car outside the Prewitt home has passed away. Luckily, her daughter, seems to have a very vivid memory of what her mother told her she saw that night. We see some headlights, is that you? Can you see headlights? - That's me. - Okay, great, we're coming right up to you. - This is about the spot that my mom saw the car the night of the-- Bill Prewitt's murder. - So about how far away are we from the Prewitt house? - Their house is just along that tree line on the other side of the tree line. - So the night that Bill was killed, your mom was driving right past the Prewitt house. - Correct. She was coming home late from work from Kansas City, and she saw this car. And she thought it was strange because it was just kinda sittin' here. It wasn't like it was broken down. It was just sitting in the lane. - Was it common to have cars just parked out here randomly like that? - Normally not. There's not a whole lot of houses out here and most everybody knows everybody's cars. It was not a car that she recognized. To me that's such a weird coincidence that that would not have something to do with the murder. And so when we heard about it, Mom was kinda like, "[inhales sharply] I saw a car there last night," and so that's when she went and talked to Sheriff Norman. And never heard anything back from him. ♪ ♪ - When did she tell you about this? - She said it almost immediately when we heard about Bill. She said it right away. She didn't hide anything. She went to the authorities, thought she was doing the right thing. And, uh, this is where it ended up. I felt like they just really didn't go to the ends of the earth to find out what really happened that night. ♪ ♪ - Reading the police reports and the trial transcripts, Patty's attorneys later in one of the appeals presented the information about this suspicious car, and then that sheriff took the stand and said "I don't really remember that," and the judge denied that as a grounds for appeal. Sheriff Norman has passed away, and we couldn't get any of the police officers involved in this investigation to talk to us about the case on camera. I totally understand, in their minds it's done. They got the right person behind bars. The case is closed. But in looking at all of the reports, it's fair to say that the thorough investigation was done on Patty, and not on this intruder theory. - With me and Loni, you're gonna get two different ways of how we look at cases. When you've got people in this case that won't speak to us, I mean, it comes off suspicious, and it makes me wonder is there something more going on here in this case? ♪ ♪ You know, there are so many other people that we still need to talk to. - Exactly. In this very small town it seems like there are so many different things going on that we need to delve into, that the police didn't get into 30 years ago. - Yeah, I really feel like we just getting started still. - Yeah. The night that Bill was killed, Patty ran with the kids. Put 'em in the car, and drove to a neighbor's house. The neighbors that she ended up at were the Gustin's. Thank you. Tim, who was a teenager at the time, was actually at home that night when Patty showed up with the kids. - We lived about 1/4, 1/2 mile away from the house. That time of night, nobody usually is coming and knocking on the door. I come outta my room, and there's Patty with the kids, and the first thing I'm hearing is somebody killed Bill. My father being an ex-police officer went to the house to check to see if any--anybody, anything, whatever, was still there. - Mm-hmm. - Let me ask you this question. You heard that frantic knock on the door. The door opens. What's the first thing you see when you look out on your porch? - Crying kids... - Mm. - And--and a screaming, hysterical, pale-faced woman that I know to never have looked like that in my life. The look that--of utter "I've lost my world." - Oh. ♪ ♪ - That is a sight in my mind that I will never get out. - Yeah. - What were you feelings about the way the-- both the Holden Police and the sheriffs handled this case? - I think they had it made up in their mind from day one... that she's guilty. - Mm-hmm. - That's my feeling. - What about, um... Bill tryin' to crack down on the drug, uh, activity that was goin' on out here? Did you hear about that? - Oh, yeah. There used to be a big drug problem in this town, and, you know, parents with that many kids especially don't want their kids around that. - Right. - So I could see that-- him bein' an advocate against that. - So you feel that this-- - It's not right. - This is bigger than-- than just maybe one person. This may be more of an orchestrated situation. - I believe it is. - Did you ever learn about any threats or people comin' around their house? - There's been-- for weeks prior-- for weeks prior there was-- and guys, I'm gonna-- I'm--I'm gonna say somethin' right now on camera, okay? I got a call the other night. - Like the other night? - That night before last, 2:00 in the morning. I got a call, unknown phone number. "Don't do it." That's all I was told. - Don't speak to us? - Didn't say. Just said, "Don't do it." - At 2:00 in the morning? - And I get a call-- - Yeah at 2:00 in the morning. You know, in 30 years in the life that I've lived and the things that I have done, I've never gotten a call like that. Two days before I'm comin' to speak with you folks? - Right. Why would they even know that you would speak to us or we would even reach out to you? - I have no idea. I-I honestly don't. - But you're still here today. - I'm still here today. - Why is that? - Because I believe this woman is wrongly convicted. - Yeah. I'll go to my grave believin' what I wanna believe, and--and I believe this is bullsh--. - I'ma pause you really quick. I just wanna let the room know we got a white truck that's circlin' the block. - Thank you. [tense music] - There's been a couple of 'em - Yeah. - That's one as well. - Yeah, that's one-- - That's the one I keep seeing. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] - That's one as well. - Yeah, that's on--yeah. - That's the one I keep seeing. I'm sittin' across a guy who said he just received a phone call sayin', "Don't talk," and now we have two trucks circling the block. It gave me great concern for Tim and for the rest of us who are here trying to uncover the truth. ♪ ♪ There seriously is an unseen end that is going on in this case and in this town of Holden. I don't know what's going on, but I know there's more to it than just Patty deciding that she don't want to live with Bill anymore, so she's gonna kill him. - Well, if you look at this case in its most simplest of terms, I can see people you know, initial reaction, "Could it be the wife? Sure, yeah." But there's so much more to it. - After everything that I've learned since I've been here, If you ask me there's more to show that it wasn't Patty than things that show that it was. There was a random car outside of this house the day Bill died. There's random men bangin' on their window, peering into their home. Matthew... They said that he committed suicide right after he just told the police, "I know who killed my dad." Something's definitely going on. I'm gonna tell you that off top. - Yeah, there's a lot of crazy stuff that's happened to this family. Is it a big conspiracy or is it, you know, people in this small town finding out that she had had some extramarital affairs that now she becomes essentially the pariah. - I think it's only right that the governor reviews all of the new information and consider if the right decision was in fact made. ♪ ♪ [soft dramatic music] ♪ ♪ If the governor doesn't grant Patty clemency before he leaves office, then her next chance at parole is 2036 when she's 86 years old. And time is running out. Nice to meet you. Brian Banks. - Brian, very nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, brother. - Nice to see you. - Hi. - We're meeting Patty's current defense attorney to find out what's going on with her clemency petition. Have you had any response from the Governor's office yet? - I've been advocating to this governor and this staff for nearly six years now... - Damn. - Oh, wow. - And we've had a lot of very productive discussions. I believe they are taking a very close and careful look at Patty's clemency petition, however there has been no signal either way. Governor Nixon can grant clemency for a variety of reasons. He may do so because he feels that Patty is innocent, but he may also do so as an act of mercy. "This person has served long enough. "Whatever debt to society the incarcerated person has, it's been filled." So I always believe that these days before the Governor leaves are going to be a crucial time. Because governors, they tend to use this power when they are on their way out. - Yeah. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - You know, I'm just sitting here thinking about what Brian Reichart told us. This case has been going on for a long time and when he got this case, he requested everything. The reports, the photographs, and he was told that all of the physical evidence in this case was destroyed. - So they have not been able to do any type of DNA testing on anything? - They haven't even tried because he never received any physical evidence. But look, we're talking about this small county sheriff's department. I have no idea how they keep their evidence. We should try to contact the sheriff's department and the courthouse. - Yeah. - Maybe if we shake that tree again, they might be able to dig up if we, you know, ask one more time. - Right, right, right. - You know, speakin' of DNA... - Mm-hmm. - You know, Patty said that she was sexually assaulted. - He was layin' on me... - Mm. - And he was wrestlin' with his belt buckle and my pajamas. - Right, she said that the attacker pulled those pajama bottoms off of her. The police did collect them, if they still existed, now they could be tested for DNA. - Oh, my God. Game changer. - I think to make sure that no stone is unturned in this case, I think we need to make those requests. - Most definitely. Yeah, for sure. ♪ ♪ - If you're convicted by a jury and you're innocent, your fight to get out of prison is almost impossible. That bar is so high. If Patty's innocent, I would still love to have something tangible that I can hang my hat on. ♪ ♪ - A few weeks after meeting with Patty's old neighbor, Tim Gustin... [tense music] I get a text message from him from a new number, so I wanna call him and find out what's going on. [phone line trilling] - Big bro, how you doin' man? I see you changed your phone-- your phone number. What's going on? - Threatening like what though? - This sh-- is crazy. - You know, I didn't think coming out here, you know, looking into Patty's case that we would encounter something to this magnitude where, clearly, there's something else going on. - Right. ♪ ♪ [phone line trilling] - Hi, Brian. - Hey, you mind coming down to the room? - Sure, I'll be right there. - Okay, talk to you in a bit. ♪ ♪ [knocking] both: Hey. - Here, have a seat. Tim texted me and said, "I have been getting many threatening calls, "drive-bys to the same-- by the same two trucks, now at my house." - Oh, my goodness. - He sitting up at his house looking through all of the windows watching cars and stuff pass by. - Yeah, yeah, you know, it's similar to the harassment that Patty's family got. - I got this phone call and a man's voice said, "Everything is a sign. Patty needs to keep her mouth shut." - Get out of here. - No. - Right, and they said "If you talk again, your family is gonna get the same treatment." - "The same treatment" meaning the harassment that the Prewitt's got after-- - Or the same treatment that the Prewitt family got by losing their dad. So I think there's something way bigger than what we think going on. Take a look. Check this out. I started looking through the footage of our first day in Holden. Watch the red van. Look at the guy in the red van. ♪ ♪ - Here it comes again. ♪ ♪ - There it is again. Right there. Guy pulls up... ♪ ♪ - He started taking a picture. - Taking a f---ing picture of us. Because random country men just drive around with beautiful cameras. - So they keep running. - So this guy goes by, takes a picture, circles around here, comes back around, looks at us again, I would really like to hear your opinion on that. Just, guy from his neighborhood, just kind of interested in what we're doing? ♪ ♪ - I don't think that you can say that is necessarily suspicious... - You don't think that was suspicious? - How often are people with cameras on Main Street in Holden, Brian? - I'm not trying to prove anything to you. I'm simply saying-- - I'm not either. - That is not normal. - I think it can be normal. I think it can be suspicious. I don't think you can say it's one way or another. - I see this camera crew and these people walking. It looks really interesting. This is really cool. I want to take a picture of this because it's so cool. Bam, "Wow, that's amazing. Hey, how ya'll doing?" It's so cool, I need to circle around again and drive by slow and look. It's so cool that I need to circle around a third time after I took my picture. - Tell me what you're implying. - I'm implying that that man is taking a picture for something that is beyond just seeing a camera crew. That's what I'm implying. And then when you tie it into everything else: The cars circling around the restaurant, Tim coming in saying he's receiving threatening calls, you look back into Patty's case and all the threatening things that were happening to them years ago. When you start to add all these things up and then you see this, To me, this don't make sense for this neighborhood. - With all due respect to Brian, I think he was overreacting to this van. We are outsiders coming into a small town. The fact that somebody is driving by taking pictures, to me is not a surprising issue. So I'm not going to jump to conclusions. There's a lot of different explanations for it. We don't know exactly what the answer is. But in our position here, I think it's irresponsible for us to say we have to assume that they are dangerous threats. - I'm not saying that we have to assume. I'm saying I think that we need to be on our Ps and Qs because I think there's something else going on in this case. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Brian and I approach things very differently. Brian, because of his experience, he may see a conspiracy or corruption, whereas I see something totally different. - I'm a paranoid person by nature. I guess you can blame my experiences. Being in prison, you learn to always watch everything and always be on top of your game. I wouldn't say it's a conspiracy, but I would definitely say there's more to the story that we don't know about. With all the weird things surrounding this case, it's the death of Patty's son, Matt, that leaves me with so many questions. Something to me doesn't add up there. - The day that he died, he told officer Glenn Hite that he knew who killed his dad and that it wasn't his mom. - Matt's death is an interesting case in itself. I mean, if there is this conspiracy that the Prewitt family sort of alludes to, was he caught up in that, and was his death another link in that conspiracy? ♪ ♪ - Hey, Loni. - Hey. - Just came from the lobby downstairs. Matt Prewitt's case file. - Finally. Okay, so these are the official case reports and here's a certificate of death for William Matthew Prewitt. Date of death July 19th, 1992. And he was 18 years old at the time. "A white male laying on a green blanket on his back. "In his left hand was a Ruger .44 caliber. So, he's at work on the 16th. And his employer thinks everything's normal and he's planning to come to work the next day, but then we do know that he ends up getting arrested that night at 11:50 p.m. for a DUI arrest, and then his body is found on the 19th. "The relatives cannot believe that he killed himself. "He had a good job, "$12,000 in the bank, and the truck was paid off." - 12 grand in the bank for an 18 year old. He was doing pretty good. - Yeah, yeah. - Truck paid off. - The family's saying, "They don't believe he committed suicide, they request a blood and alcohol test." I'm not seeing any-- any tests. No alcohol, no blood, no GSR, no... autopsy. Here's some pictures. ♪ ♪ The blanket comes up around him - Yeah. - And he's covered everything except the blankets kind of. - Mm-hmm. You notice the gun? Can I show you something that doesn't make sense to me? - Mm-hmm. - The way his hand kinda holds the gun. His trigger finger is nowhere near the trigger. - Wow. - He's holding the gun more as if it's been placed in his hand. - I'll be honest with you. That's crucial. - Yeah. ♪ ♪ If Matt was murdered, this case would be blown wide open. [tense music] - The first person I want to talk to about Matt Prewitt's death is the officer who arrested him for DUI. The person who he actually talked to about knowing who the killer of his father was. What did Matt actually say to him? - So we're heading to meet him. But walking through Holden, I'm seriously on high alert, 'cause after talking to Tim Gustin, it gave me great concern for safety, and then it also made me think, "Are there people here in Holden, Missouri, and they don't want us to find out the truth?" ♪ ♪ Hey, you guys know that face? He looks very familiar. There he is again. Right there. He's taking a picture. - He's taking a f---ing picture of us. It's the same face. Different car. Here he comes again. It's the guy here who followed us in the red car last time. What's up bro? ♪ ♪ [tense music] - So as we're walking through Holden, I see a guy driving by in his car and it's the same guy who was taking pictures of us the first day in Holden. I took a picture of him too. - Oh, great, now it's the battle of the cameras they're taking--he's coming over with a camera. - I spent a lot of my life in a place where you have to be paranoid about everything. I don't give this person the benefit of the doubt, I automatically assume they're doing something that I need to be concerned about. ♪ ♪ What's up bro? - We were wondering. - I'm Loni Coombs. Nice to meet you. What's your name? - Steve Edwards. - Steve Edwards - Brian. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you too. We, we're here, you know, as you saw us last time. We didn't know who you were. - Yeah. - You kinda pulled up, took the pictures in a rolling stop. - We didn't know who you were either. - But it's good that you jumped out and talked to us. - Yeah, I wanted to this time... - Yeah, man, thank you. - Since I have a little time to stop. - All right, thank you for talking to us. It makes a lot more sense now. - What was your name again? - Brian - Brian, yeah. both: Thank you. - [sighs] Okay, we can let that one go. [laughs] For now. - Well, that's one mystery solved. Just because we were able to find out that this person was in fact working for the local paper, it does not explain the two other vehicles that circled around us as we interviewed Tim. It doesn't explain the dogs going missing. It doesn't explain all these different things that has something to do with this unseen hand. [soft dramatic music] There are so many unanswered questions in this case, but we finally got a break. The cop who arrested Matt for a DUI, he's meeting with us. - We appreciate coming in to talk with us. We've been looking into Bill Prewitt's murder case, and part of the case that dealt with their son, Matt's, death, and looking into the reports, we have had some questions about whether it was a suicide or not. I-I wonder if you might have had those same questions, would you mind looking at the photographs that we got of his body? - No, not at all. In fact there was all kinds of rumors running around about what it might have been. - I'm just gonna move these out of the way. So, yeah. - The way that the gun is positioned, it almost looks as if the gun moved in some weird direction after being shot, or somebody placed the gun in his hand. ♪ ♪ - This is a Ruger .44 Magnum. Is that correct? - Yes. - That's a big bullet. both: Mm-hmm. - Big gun. - Yeah. - It's gonna gonna jump a lot. Way the gun is laying itself, it looks like it would have had to be fired by his thumb. Sometimes, you know, especially if you're laying down, it'd be easier to use your thumb because it's pointing this way and your thumb would pull the trigger, and then the gun would naturally just blow itself back this way. It's not just gonna lay there on the head or anything like that. From what I'm seeing in these pictures right here, it looks like a definite suicide to me. [dramatic music] - Just looking at that picture of his hand, and the way the gun is positioned, nothing looks suspicious to you as far as? - Not to me it doesn't, no. I believe it's a self-inflicted incident. - So, you had some interaction with Matthew, her son, right around the time of his death, and we were wondering if you could tell us about that? - I arrested him one night for a DWI. He was a very polite individual but extremely intoxicated. - Yeah. - I remember him saying that he knew who killed his father, and that it wasn't his mom, and that he was going to tell me the whole story. - Mm-hmm. - Yeah. - He made some comments about how he used to hide in the closet when his mom and dad were asleep and, you know, and that kind of struck a bell in my mind because I knew about the case and that's where the suspected murder weapon was kept. - Yep. ♪ ♪ The thing that really caught my interest was that he never indicated there was somebody else. You know, as a cop, you look to say okay, we need to go pick this guy up-- - Right. - Whatever it is. - Give me the name. - He never indicated that. The expressions on his face and the way he was talking, he kept hinting that it was him. ♪ ♪ I saw a struggle in this young man. He was having a hard time dealing with what he knew. And it was killing him. And it did kill him. Maybe it was an accident or something like that and maybe Patty's trying to protect her son. So please, talk to her. Just explain to her, you know, all this time has gone by. You got nothing to hide anymore if it was Matt involved. And I'm not saying he was, I'm just saying if. But she needs to come clean. She's kept quiet about it all this time, she's always denied that she's the one that did it. Well I don't think she did it either but there's no doubt in my mind I think she knows who did. - Mm-hmm. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - After speaking with Glenn Hite, he agreed with the original investigation, that Matt committed suicide. But to hear him say that he thought Matt was going to confess to this murder-- I mean Matt was 10 years old at the time. I'm going to have to confront Patty about this information. - We're driving to meet Patty for what could be the last time. We now have a potential theory that maybe Matt had something to do with this. Or he knew the killer was, and it wasn't his mother. I'm hoping that it may stir something up in her that if she's holding back, we're gonna get the truth. - Because if she does know something... - Yeah. - Now is the time to say it. I mean 30 years ago... - Right. - Was the time to say it. - Right. - But, knowing that Nixon is out the door, the governor, and then as of now her best opportunity of coming home is 2036... - Right. - Here's one more opportunity for you that if you do know something please speak up. - Well, if there is something that she's not telling us, I'm really hoping that she'll open up today. - Today--today is the day. ♪ ♪ - Hey, Patty. - Hello. - Hi, how are you? - Good to see you again. - Good to see you. - You too-- how's everything? - Just fine. Great to see you. - Have a seat. - We were able to get all of the police records and the photographs from the scene of Matt. We looked through it, and we had this deputy who knew Matt, and obviously-- - And talked to him, yeah. - Yes, the deputy said, "Yes, this looks like a suicide." ♪ ♪ - Oh, Matt. ♪ ♪ I'm sorry this is a lot to process. ♪ ♪ Our family did not deserve this. We didn't. ♪ ♪ We were good people with good kids. Had a good life. ♪ ♪ And I let Matt down 'cause I never really sat down and asked him about all this. - The Deputy said that night, when he picked him up for the DUI, he could not have been more polite, more respectful to authority, and he said he was distraught. He was sobbing and he kept telling him, "I need to say something-- I need to get something off my chest." He said, "I truly felt he was going to confess to shooting his dad." - Matt? No way, absolutely no way. He did not kill his daddy. He did not rape me. Matt was just a little boy, sound asleep. It is not, it is not Matt. It is not Matt. - You know this deputy felt that the protective mother like you, you're going to do everything you can to protect Matt. Staging the scene... - Yeah, and I'm not above that. But that's not what happened. - But, clearly there was something that Matt knew that was so critical in his mind that he couldn't live with it any longer. And he wanted to tell somebody. - Patty, I know you hate this place. I couldn't wait to get the hell outta here. And I did everything that I could possibly do to get myself out because I wanted to be home with my family, I wanted my freedom back, I wanted the truth to be known about what actually happened. Patty, if there's something that you could remember that could help you. - If there's something - If there's something that you can remember, that could help you. ♪ ♪ - Deputy Hite was thinking Matt clearly knew what happened and he said "And Patty was there too." He told us "I don't think Patty did this. "But I think Patty knows what Matt knew and Patty could tell the truth at this point." - Do you all think I'm covering up something? Good lord after all these years would it matter? I mean, I meant, would it matter to hold a secret? I don't have a secret about this, this is, this is all I know. If I knew, I would have been saying it that, Saturday morning. - Mm-hmm. - I would have been hollering. - Mm-hmm. But I don't know. I do not know. I never even thought about Matt seeing something. It's horrible. And I know you guys are looking at all scenarios and all things and I don't think you're attacking me or anything like that. - I'm not. - And I didn't mean to cry. - No. - I just--Matt, you guys didn't even know him. He was the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest young man. My children, they're grown people, and it's never gonna be over. I mean, they're visiting their mom in prison, forever, have this stigma of that forever, have their brother have committed suicide, that on them forever, their sweet brother. My kids didn't deserve any of this, any of this. ♪ ♪ - Speaking with Patty, she's so distraught by Matt's death. I really don't believe that she's covering for Matt killing his father. Going back to prison was something I thought I'd never do. But for me that was five years. We're talking about thirty years in Patty's situation. I feel that at this point my personal opinion is that this was a trial about a woman's character. Her moral and ethical obligations as a wife and as a mother. The jury didn't get all the information, they didn't get all the facts, they didn't get all the evidence. Do you think Patty killed Bill? ♪ ♪ - I don't think they proved it beyond a reasonable doubt. - Yeah, I agree. - People assume that every case can be solved. But you don't always find the truth. There are still things that we're not able to explain and there are some questions that may never be answered. - And if Patty is truly innocent, I wish there was some evidence that could impact her chances of getting clemency. But time is running out. ♪ ♪ I hope the family prepared themselves for what could happen. ♪ ♪ - We've gone through this before. We've gone through it several times with different governors, so you kind of just hold hope until the end. So there's part of me that's really just like, well he doesn't leave office until noon on Monday. - Mm-hmm. - Like, there is room for a miracle. - Mm-hmm. [phone rings] - Hey, Mama. Hi. - Hey, we're all here, everybody's here. - Hi. - Hi, Patty. - Hey, Grandma. - Are you doing okay today, Mom? - Can I ask a quick question? - Yes. - Loni's got a question. - Patty, Patty. It's Loni. The governor is in office until noon tomorrow. Is there any talk or thought that he might still do something tomorrow? - I do worry that you're in hell sometimes, Mom. I know you think you're not. But, and I know that you're so loved. I hear from people every day that tell me how much they love you and how much you helped them and how much you changed their lives, which is great--it doesn't keep me from wanting you free or wanting you home. - I love you. - Yeah, and my kids. - Like my boys have never known you any way other way. - You are not always a shadow though, Mom, 'cause you are sometimes the biggest beacon of light in our lives. You are so strong, so courageous. I just love you, Mama. ♪ ♪ - Well it would be, it should say clemency. We're reading through the governor's press releases to see if he's going to grant Patty's clemency. - Oh, God, look at this. These are the final acts of clemency Governor Nixon will issue before leaving office. And, she's not on this list. - Oh, man. The reality of the situation is, once twelve jurors have all voted unanimously to convict someone beyond reasonable doubt, trying to overturn that conviction is extremely difficult. And the number of people who have actually been found to be wrongfully convicted-- it's a very small percentage. ♪ ♪ - Boy, this is--if I was Patty, and I had been in there 31 years and just having this sense of reassurance that this may happen this year, and for it all to unfold and end like this... ♪ ♪ - Remember how we decided to try to see if there was any evidence that still existing on the Patty case? - Yeah. - Well, this is from the sheriff's department. We could have something. ♪ ♪ - I'll let you take a look first--this is your world. - Okay, oh, my goodness, here is a list of evidence items I have located. They still have all of this. Shell fragments from brain tissue. - Okay. - A .22 shell casing. [gasps] Pajama bottoms. - I was waiting for you to say that. - Oh, my goodness. - I was waiting for you to say pajama bottoms. - I literally just got chills in the back of my neck. Pajama bottoms of Patricia Prewitt. - Mm-hmm. - They have been there all this time. They have been sitting there. - Untested. - In this sheriff's department. That's--that's amazing to me. ♪ ♪ Look at all of these bags of evidence. ♪ ♪ Brian Reichart, Patty's attorney, had already asked for any evidence existed and he was told it had all been destroyed. - Right, I wonder is there any repercussion in telling an attorney that? - Mistakes happen. - That's a mis--that's what they consider a mistake? That's a hell of a mistake. 30 years without being able to test the evidence. - Oh, here we go. - What you got there? - Pajama bottoms. - It looks like some blood stains. I don't know what that is. - I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. - Yeah. - But this is near the crotch area. - What does it look like on that one? - This looks like spots. I mean, that looks like it could be blood, you know I don't... - Something, huh. - This could be evidence of a rape. It's just like wow, wow. This is huge. We need to take this to Brian, because he can then ask that that be tested for DNA. We need to see if we can get a meeting with him. - ASAP. - ASAP. - Going into this case, I thought that Patty's clemency petition was her last chance at freedom, but now, with modern day DNA technology, she just may have another chance. ♪ ♪ - Brian and I have spent quite a bit of time, as you know, looking into this case. And we had questions about what evidence was there that was gathered by the police. They did collect physical evidence, but they didn't do testing on it, and so we thought perhaps it could be done now. - Yeah, and we were told that didn't exist... - Right. - That it had been lost in either a fire or a flood. - And just--and I'm gonna say by luck, because sometimes somebody's life hangs in the balance of just finding someone who will take that personal interest, and we were fortunate enough to come across this lieutenant who actually found the evidence. - Oh. They found the evidence? - Check this out. ♪ ♪ - Patty's pajamas. ♪ ♪ - And they told you guys this stuff didn't exist anymore. - Yeah, in no uncertain terms. - Over the course of decades... - Right. - And we weren't the first people to ask for this. - Mm-hmm, so we have some photos that we'd like to share with you. ♪ ♪ - Wow. - Wow. - And these are her pajamas. - Stains. - There are definitely stains. I wonder if there's blood in there, because she talks about bleeding after the attack. Wow, wow. - Those pants need to be tested. - Yeah, they do. There is something there for sure. - And it's in the area where something potentially would be left from a sexual assault. - Wow, it took you guys being interested for this to happen. It's a pretty sad commentary about our justice system. And to have you find things that have been told were gone. And which we had every reason to believe were gone because it wasn't just to us that they said they were gone. They said it to many lawyers. And to then have them come forward with material. And that's just because you got involved. I mean this is not how justice is supposed to work. - How does this make you feel? - Sort of a weird combination of hopeful and really sad. This woman has spent 31 years in jail and this is material that could have been tested, you know, as soon as we had the ability to look at DNA evidence. So it's more than a tragedy. - So what are the next steps for you now? - I do know that Missouri, like most states, has a law that gives incarcerated individuals the opportunity to have evidence tested for DNA. So we'd certainly look into that. We have work to do. - Yeah. - Yeah, we do have work to do. Thank you very much. - Of course. - This is amazing. - Yeah, Wow. Thank you very much. This is great, this is really great. - Thank you. - Thank you very much. - Knowing that the physical evidence in this case still exists is huge for Patty. I mean if there's DNA on those bottoms, can you imagine? - We still don't know, if they do the testing, what the results will be. But at least hopefully there will be some answers. Whatever it takes to be able to find the truth. That's what we want to do here. ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 