Donkey Kong Country: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Donkey Kong Country 
 s1e9 - From Zero to Hero - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Donkey Kong Country (1997–2000): Season 1, Episode 9 - From Zero to Hero - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Donkey Kong ♪ Hey oh ♪ Look out down below ♪ Here he comes, banana slamma ♪ ♪ ♪ Donkey Kong ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Donkey Kong ♪ ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Huh, ha ♪ Donkey Kong ♪ Hey oh ♪ Look out down below ♪ Here he comes, banana slamma ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Kongo Bongo"s hero ♪ ♪ Hey oh ♪ Donkey Kong ♪ Let"s go, let's go ♪ ♪ Here he comes, banana slamma ♪ ♪ ♪ [Chewing] CRANKY: Ah, solitude. Undisturbed, uninterrupted solitude. Nothing and no one to pester me for a whole week. [Buzzing] Buzz off, bee. Ah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Buzzing] Uh oh. [Yelping] Get away! [Shouting] DIDDY: Oh, Cranky must be having the time of his life right now. Maybe, Diddy. More like he"s relaxing and hating every minute of it. No one to grouch at? You guessed it, little buddy. DIDDY: So, um, what do you want to do today, DK? FUNKY: Yo, donkey dudes! Diddy dude! You want to go surfin"? Hang ten on the edge. Whoo! Ride the curve. [Laughing] Come on, Diddy! Like Funky said, let"s fold five on the side, ride that swerve, and... Wh... wh... wh... whoa! [Crashing] You okay, DK? Yeah, "cept something's jabbin" my vertibone. An old bottle? DIDDY: With a message inside. A message from some flounder? Not a message. It"s a map. That"s no ordinary map. Look, look! Footprints leading to a big "X." So, who wants to go clear across the island for an "X"? Especially when all you can spell with it is like, uh, "xylophone." Or "exit." Or "ox." Or treasure. [Chuckling] There"s no "X" in "treasure, Diddy. I know that! I"m saying this is a treasure map! "X" marks the spot! BOTH: Treasure? Fame! Fortune! I can"t go. BOTH: Huh? I"ve got a date with Candy. ♪ ♪ How could you pass on something like this? ♪ ♪ Don"t wanna go when it's all that you wish for ♪ ♪ Think of all the treasure you"re gonna miss ♪ ♪ Don"t you wanna get your hands on riches galore? ♪ No. ♪ Get your head out of the clouds ♪ ♪ Adventure"s waiting, time's a-wasting ♪ ♪ You could be living on easy street ♪ ♪ Come on, DK, doesn"t this sound sweet? ♪ No. ♪ You can have a house with coconut walls ♪ ♪ You can have a swing for two installed ♪ ♪ You can have your own banana tree ♪ ♪ You can buy anything you want for Candy ♪ A gift for Candy? ♪ Let"s go, let's go, hit the road ♪ ♪ We"ll find treasure by the truckload ♪ ♪ Let"s go, let's go, grab the map ♪ ♪ We"ll buy more rhymes than we can rap ♪ Fire up the plane, Funky. DIDDY: Whoo, yeah! Oh boy, DK! BLUSTER: I"m certain I dropped that coin around here somewhere. DK: We"re going on a treasure hunt. FUNKY: Right on, dude. Treasure? FUNKY: Come on. Yo. I"m just one sneaky beat-them-to-it step away from becoming an even richer richest ape on Kongo Bongo Island! And that"s rich. That unimaginative Donkey Kong would be more than happy to trade whatever treasure he finds for a... a... station wagon to cart all his bananas around in. [Funky laughing] DK: I"m gonna buy a king-sized banana split! CANDY: Hey, where"s Donkey Kong going? BLUSTER: Candy! Forget that. You didn"t see them. You"re hallucinating. You just think Donkey Kong"s going on a treasure hunt. Can I re-phrase that? He"s standing me up to go on a treasure hunt? Why, of all the nerve! Oh, Candy. "Treasure hunt" as in "treasure hunt." "Treasure"? He"s going on a treasure hunt? Now, Candy, as foreman of the barrel... Are you flying this or am I learning how to fly it without you? DIXIE: Good decision. [Beeping] Only 500 more points to beat your record, Your Kroc-ship. Come on, come on, come on. [Static crackling] KLUMP: General Klump to King K. Rool, you read me, O High and Mightiness? Looking a little pale there, Chief. [Yelling] [Bashing] [Panting] [Phone ringing] Uh, Chief? Are you there, Chief? [Stammering] Y... y... you... Highness. KLUMP: Seems we had some sort of interference. Well, never mind. You"re certainly gonna green up around the gills when you hear this. Just give me your monkey business field report, you slimy-skinned bottom-feeder! KLUMP: Uh, best we can tell, the apes are mounting a full force, top secret search and rescue opertion in the mountain mines, sir. Mountain mines? What could those monkeys be looking for in the mountain mines? Duh... uh... rocks? Rocks? Of course. Like the kind in your head! What"s their target, Klump? KLUMP: Buried treasure, sir. Any idea what sort of treasure? KLUMP: Um... rocks? Oh, where have I failed? You walking wallets! It"s so painfully obvious. Not rocks, not rocks. The treasure contains a secret doomsday device capable of destroying the whole island. Any fool could see that. Do you know what that means?! Uh... the apes will have supreme domination over Kongo Bongo and probably turn us into matching luggage. He does have his moments. But that won"t happen. We"ll get the treasure before those knuckle-dragging baboons. And I, King K. Rool, will have complete domination of Kongo Bongo Island. KLUMP: Uh, Chief? Are you there, Chief? Chief? Take care of that, Krusha. KLUMP: Hello, Chief? Hello, Chief, I"m talkin' at you, but you"re not listening to me. Chief! Chief? Head Chief, can you hear me? Chief, I"m talking at ya! ♪ DIDDY: Uh, hey, Funky. We missed our turnoff. No problemo, Diddy dude. I can swing it. [Screaming] Whoa, bananas overboard! Funky, no banana seatbelts? Number one item on my wish list, DK. With that treasure, I"m gonna fix up this old rig good as new. [Engine sputtering] Whoa, check it out, dudes. Never saw green clouds before. Well, maybe once. Hey, where"d all that water come from? That"s not water, Funky, it's sky! We"re flying upside down! Chill, Phil! A compass is the number one item on my wish list. [Screaming] CANDY: And the first thing I"m gonna buy with my share is the barrel factory. Your share? It"s my treasure. You"re just along for the ride. Guys. Watch yourself, Bluster, or you just might find yourself looking for a job. Guys. BLUSTER: You mean like the job you used to have? Guys! BLUSTER: Huh? Donkey and Diddy are going the other way. [Screaming] [Buzzing] You want banana soda... you got banana soda. Ah, no nothing and no one to wreck my vaca... [Chattering] Huh? Ants! First bees, now ants! Blast! Come back here, you thieving insects! ROOL: I want that treasure. I want my doomsday device. Well, those clueless chimps may know their way around the island up there, but no one knows the underground like King K. Rool. [Laughing] Left, Krusha. [Wheels squealing] [Crashing] I meant right. DK: Looks pretty thick down there. And rocky. Think you can get the plane down there, Funky? No sweat, DK. [Engine sputtering] No gas. BOTH: "No gas"?! FUNKY: Hang loose, big dude and little dude. I can"t turn, I can't back up, but I can surf these air currents all day long. Funky, look! Aim for that mine opening. Hold onto your stomach luggage, dudes. DK: Wait, Funky, don"t you have a reserve gas tank? FUNKY: Yeah, back at the shack. [Screaming] DK: Brakes! FUNKY: Don"t need 'em. [Crashing] See? DIDDY: Oh. [Coughing] [Rumbling] FUNKY: Earthquake? DIDDY: A monster guarding the treasure? DK: No. Oh, my stomach. It"s running on empty. Right now, I"d give my share of the treasure for one juicy, ripe banana. Hang in there, DK. According to the map, we veer left about 300 paces ahead. Then what, little dude? Look for a big "X," I guess. BLUSTER: There will be numerous dangers lurking in this dark mine. Feel free to wait here in safety, while I... Huh? DIXIE: Candy! Here"s Funky's plane! CANDY: We"re on the right track! Come on, Dixie! Our treasure"s waiting. My treasure! Mine. ♪ ROOL: As soon as they find it, we take it, bid them a good doomsday, and take over the island. At last, Kongo Bongo Island will be mine. [Laughing] [Bluster panting] What? [Laughing] DIDDY: Two ninety-eight, two ninety-nine, three hundred. This is it! The treasure"s here. Uh, somewhere. And all we gotta do is find it. Now, if the treasure was truffles and we were pigs... DK: It"s no use. Without bananas, my muscles turn to mush and I"m finished. I couldn"t find that treasure even if I fell over it. Whoa! DK, you did it! You found the treasure! I did do it, didn"t I, Diddy? DIDDY: Yes! Now I can buy Candy the biggest present ever! Thanks, Donkey Kong, but now I can buy my own gift, the barrel factory, so I don"t have to work for Bluster! Oh, no, you don"t. I"m buying Kongo Bongo Island, so everyone will have to work for me. Sorry, dudes and dudettes, I"m fixing my wings. Since that last landing, my... Uh... wish list is growing. DK: But, Candy... CANDY: Barrel Factory! BLUSTER: Kongo Bongo Island! FUNKY: My wings! ROOL: My doomsday device. If you don"t mind. "Doomsday device"? [Gasping] "Doomsday device"? Heavy. Let me explain. You see, without this doomsday device... call me a pessimist... But I should think taking over the island will continue being as bothersomely tedious as it has been thus far, whereas with this device I can wrest total control simply by threatening to use it to destroy the entire island. Which I might do anyway, because... [Laughing] As they say, "absolute power corrupts absolutely." [Laughing] Regardless, you can appreciate the time you"ll save yourselves by handing it over, so I can do away with you and get on as new dictator. Give me. Too late, lizard lips. The babes went cruisin" with what you"re losin' from the second you made the scene. Krusha, the cart! After them! Not without me, you stupid, thick-headed tadpole! [Wheels squealing] [Rool crashing] [Rool coughing] Signal your stops. If that treasure is what Rool thinks that treasure is, Diddy, our only hope of saving Candy, Dixie, and Kongo Bongo is to get it from them before he does. Let"s go. Well, I do wish you luck. FUNKY: DK said it was time to make like a banana and split. Dig? I"m afraid I'm a bit of a klutz when it comes to doomsday devices and... What was Rool yapping about? Who knows. By the time he puts a cork in it, we"ll be the new owners of the Kongo Bongo Barrelworks. ♪ With these riches, I will gain my freedom from Bluster acting like a jerk ♪ ♪ I don"t need anyone to shower me with diamonds, I won"t ever have to work ♪ ♪ Not so fast, my dear, the treasure is mine now ♪ ♪ I can plan my evil schemes ♪ With this device I will take over the island ♪ ♪ Oh, it sounds like such a dream ♪ ♪ I don"t mean to disappoint you, Rool ♪ ♪ I"m gonna stop you from your evil ways ♪ ♪ Kongo Bongo will be out of your grasp and the island will be safe for one more day ♪ BLUSTER: ♪ Oh my goodness, oh my gosh, I don"t like this ♪ ♪ Someone take away this doomsday thing ♪ ♪ I have to think about myself and save my own skin ♪ ♪ Who knows what evil this will bring ♪ ♪ All I want to do is buy the factory... ooh... all the freedom and luxury ♪ ♪ Gonna be a hero when I save the island, gonna stop King K. Rool"s evil plans ♪ ♪ The thought of my demise displeases me, self-preservation is the key ♪ ROOL: ♪ The keg is mine, so I"ll see you later, all hail your new dictator! ♪ ♪ We"re in the home stretch now. Candy, ahead I can see nothing but clear blue sky! [Wheels squealing] Whew! That"s what I call a close one! [Screaming] [Crashing] Out of the way! [Crashing] [Rool laughing] Mine, mine, mine, mine, mine. Yours, yours, yours. [Screaming] [Crashing] ROOL: Come to papa. Ah. [Screaming] [Rool groaning] CANDY: All right, Donkey Kong, what did you do with my treasure? It"s not a treasure, Candy. ROOL: Exactamundo. It"s... my doomsday device. A weapon he plans to use to take over Kongo Bongo Island. Well, don"t just sit there, Donkey Kong. Roll up your sleeves and show those Krocs some monkey muscle. I can"t, Dixie. I"m battling a serious banana deficiency. My moment of... [Grunting] Triumph and... [Grunting] You"re powerless to stop me. It just doesn"t... [Grunting] Get any better than this, does it? Krusha, do the honours. [Popping] Behold, my doomsday... paper? Hm, must be the instructions. "Keep your paws off my treasure," signed... Donkey Kong! That"s right, that is my treasure. I put it there and the map and everything. And you didn"t remember? It was a long time ago, Diddy. I was just a little chimp playing pirates and hiding my prize possessions. "Possessions"? [Sniffing] [Coughing] What else? Bananas. And they"ve been in there how long?! ALL: Ew! Ew! [Coughing] I suppose there is an upside to this whole rotten mess. I finally get to do away with Donkey Kong. [Muffled screaming] VOICE: Get me out of here! [Muffled screaming] [Creaking] ALL: Cranky? What are you doing here? What am I doing here? I could ask you what you"re doing here, all of you. But I know. Wrecking my vacation, that"s what. First bees, then ants, now you and those overstuffed alligators are the icing on the cake! Deal with them, Krusha. I"ve had such a wretched day. [Popping] Go ahead. Help yourself. [Buzzing] [Loud buzzing] Oh! Got a real bite to it, don"t it? [Rool screaming] KRUSHA: I"m comin', Your Swollenness. Cranky, where are you going? CRANKY: Home for some peace and quiet! [Cranky muttering] Oh, well. There goes my dreams of buying the Barrelworks. And my dream of buying it for you, Candy. But who needs treasure when we"ve got each other. Ah, romance. Yuch! FUNKY: Whoa, maybe the gator dudes left the island. BLUSTER: What are we going to do? FUNKY: Only thing we can do. Chill out here until someone gives us the all-clear sign. BLUSTER: But that could take a long time. FUNKY: So we get to know each other. Like, I"ll tell you my middle name if you, like, tell me yours. BLUSTER: Let me out of here! Someone, anyone! Get me out! I"ll take my chances! Someone, anyone! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 