Tin Star: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tin Star 
 s1e4 - Jack - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tin Star (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Jack - full transcript 
 The Worth family reunite to say farewell to a loved one. Mrs Bradshaw faces a difficult decision after learning that a damaging story has been leaked to the press. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 From the outside, this might look like a conventional 0i/ refinery but the fact is that North Steam Oifs newest facility is one of the greenest and most efficient industrial processors in the world. Using the latest scientific research to transform oil sands bitumen into synthetic crude oil our state of the art technology both increases yield and captures up to 90% of our industrial carbon emissions, producing more end products we rely on. From gasoiine, diesel, jet fuel and propane to medicines piastics, paints, textiles and Cosmetics... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...making more of the essential materials that a clean, modern society depends on, Abort, abort. Whitey, do you co... We cannot Judge a biography by its length. Nor by the number of pages in it. We must Judge it by the richness of its contents. Sometimes those unfinished are the most poignant. You cannot judge a song by its duration. Or by the number of its notes. We must judge it by how it touches and lifts our souls. Sometimes those unfinished are the most beautiful. And when something has enriched our lives... and its melody Iingers in our hearts. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is it unfinished? Or is it endless? Seems so quiet all of a sudden. Fucking toys everywhere. What? There's toys everywhere. Don't you dare tidy up. I wasn't gonna. Nob0dy's going to tidy our little boy away. If you want to tidy up go inside and get rid of those flowers. I can't breathe in there for the stink of the Iilies. I fucking ducked. You know. - What? - I ducked. Didn't mean to, I was... fucking just... I saw the gunman and I just... I ducked. Of course, you ducked. It's only natural. Everyone would have ducked. I got out of the car. I was the one to make us stay so that he could have a fucking piss... Don't you dare give out to yourself for that. Come here to me. Come here. ANGELA CRIES Do you think I should tell Mum about getting pissed? Why? So you don't have to lie about it. I'm not lying, Dad. I'm just not saying anything. It's the same thing, innit? It's not a big deal. As long as it doesn't happen again. - It's okay. Alright? - Hm. It'll be alright. What the fuck is that? It's North Stream. - Bin it. - Yeah. He's got the Feds here keeping an eye on him. What are we sticking around for? We“re gonna stay here until the Chief says it's OK for us to go. His family know yet? Know what? Well you know, 'Wasted police chief fucks First Nations crack whore.' Only a matter of time before they find out. Will you shut up already? She's not a crack where, OK? And they're not gonna find out because no one is a big enough asshole to tell them. - I'm not leaving, Anna. - We have to. It's not safe, Mum. Is it, Dad? Petey's buried here. Well, I'm going. Maybe she's right. Maybe we should leave. We should go home. This is our home. We said goodbye to London. Yeah but we thought it was safe here, didn't we? You're a fucking coward, Jim. Protect us. The man I married wasn't afraid of anything. The man you married was a pisshead. You don't need booze. Find them. Find them and kill them. You mean that? Yes. No. I don't know. Come in, Chief. Go ahead, Denise. we've got a witness. Why do we have to meet on the reserve? - It's the only place she feels safe. - She? - Oh, fuck that. - OK, wait. No. Why didn't you tell me it was her? Cos you wouldn't have come. You're fucking right I wouldn't have come. She said she was there the night Suzy was murdered. - You're fucking kidding me. - No. - She said murdered? - Yes - And you believe her? - Yeah. Nobody knows it was a homicide. You need to speak to her. Oh, for fuck sake. Oh, Chief. You finally remember my name? You know, I asked you for help. That night in the bar, do you remember that? I told you we both knew Suzy. That she was my sponsor. That's... that's... that's how I got into the house that night. Tell him what night. The night I stole the OxyContin. I was there that night that guy came from North Stream. What guy? What guy from North Stream? What guy? The Quebecois. What happened? If I tell you then... I'm gonna end up just like Suzy. No, we won“t let that happen to you. I don't believe you. I don't even trust you. Why should I trust you, huh? You're afraid. We're gonna need a sworn statement from you. Oh, fuck this shit. I'll die in my own time. Thanks. Ah! - Mum? - Anna! I'm coming. Coming, coming. You OK? Yeah, I just got dizzy. Shit. - Alright? Come here. - Yeah. Thanks. Let's see. - Sure you're alright? - Shit. - Stay there, I'II get you some water. - Thanks. I'm sorry, I know you don't want to be here. It doesn't matter what I want. Anna. Why are we staying? Because your dad and I don't run. Not from this. Or from each other. He won't let anything happen to us. - Hello. - It's me. Alright? Yeah, we're staying. That's nice. You alright? Yeah, I'm alright. You? Yeah. You already asked me that. I didn't believe you the first time. I don't want to be here. I don't blame you. Your mum and dad holding up OK? Yeah, Dad's put cameras everywhere. That“s very sensible. Can I see you again? Yeah, I'II see if I can get some time off. - I'd better go. - Alright. They've opened up the road. - We get on with it, then we clear out. - We can't. There's police everywhere and he“s got Cameras all over his house. I'm running out of money, Whitey. - I can't bankroll this forever. - Is that all you care about? No, it's not just the money. It's Johnny. - What about him? - He's scarpered. - Has he now? - Gone for days. Well, I told you he was unreliable. What if he talks? He won't talk. What have you done? Let's just say we didn't see eye to eye. Christ! The girl could identify him, Frank. It was either him or her and I chose him. If you got a problem with that you can take it up with my associate. From here on in, I'm in charge. - Hi. - Dermot. Elizabeth. HE CHUCKLES You miss the circus? Journalists are scum. Well, PR girls are gold digging home-wreckers. - PR Girl! - Oh I'm sorry, what was it? Uh, *Vice President of...' what was it? - Stakeholder Relations. - Stakeholder Relations. What is that? You get people to sign over their land access? Is that really you? Hm, hm, hm. The only way to change the oil industry is from the inside out. How much are they paying you? Don“t worry, lunch is on me. S0 what's your angle on the Worth case? Are you pumping me? CTNN sets the tone. Sleep with me. - No. - Pity. - You think I whored myself out? - Oh, you tell me. You were a top reporter a well-respected critic of the energy sector and now you work for a fucking oil company? I'm making a difference by getting my hands dirty on the front line. Oh my, God, how much are they paying you? By protecting an entire community and helping this country reach its emissions target. Unlike you, who's sitting in the bleachers, sniping pointlessly at an industry that is just ignoring you. You always were a self-righteous do-gooder, Dermot. Except when it came to doing right by us. Be careful. You've bugged the fucking hotel now? No, I don't like his politics. Why? He a little too far left of Pinochet for you? I know for a fact what his angle will be. 'Oil boom brings organised crime to small town! Oh, great. Hacking his editor's phone, too? You think they don't hack ours? Negative publicity is bad for share prices. Maybe you should find someone else. To pump- Unless you think a good pumping will change his mind. What? Stop the car. - Keep driving. - Stop the car. - Get in. - Fuck off. You want me to apologise? Sexist comments are one thing, hacking journalists' phones is quite another. It is unethical, I don't want anything to do with it. What's unethical is a cop who takes drugs and sleeps with hookers. What? New police chief is a walking scandal. Why are you telling me this? So you can pass it on to your journalist friends. In the old days, it was easy. See the guy wearing colours, kick the crap out of him. Simple. Cops versus bikers. You know we're not allowed to be tough cops anymore. Meanwhile, these animals have evolved into a nationwide network of organised criminals. What's this got to do with our son? Danny Lyle. Do me a favour. He's a drug addict with a history of mental illness and violent crime. - He's a fucking mess. - He's Fallen. A hangaround. Punks like Danny spend years trying to earn their patch. And then you come along. You cost the Lyles $25,000 in an oil company negotiation and you humiliate him in public. He's never even going to make half-patch unless he makes you pay. - Danny Lyle is fucking harmless. - How do you know? Seven dead cops in four years in this province alone. Every one of them a biker cop-slaying. One of them was my mentor. You might want to avert your eyes, Mrs Worth. You didn't tell me that you cost the Lyles twenty grand. It was twenty-five actually. And I was doing them a favour. You seriously think an oil company killed Petey? - Yeah. - A Canadian oil company? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Killed Suzy too. How do you know? Are you drinking? No. If you drink again, you're on your own. Now, the Cheyenne... he“s the Indian's Indian. They were played by Navajo extras in the movie, they weren't even Cheyenne. Huh. This whole Noble Savage fantasy is such patronising bullshit. Are you OK? I mean, ancestry aside. You know, if you ever suggest a Pocahontas roleplay during sex I'm gonna cut your fucking balls off. HE LAUGHS Copy that. Feet - Who's up at the house? - Federal squad car, Chief. - I need to talk to you. - Right. My office. You leave your post for one fucking second, Denise will hunt you down and kill you. Won't you Denise? Yes, sir. NICK CLEARS HIS THROAT You shit in a bag if you need to. Copy that, Chief. Shit in a bag. Shut the door. Son of a bitch. So... In Canada, right? Can you compel a witness to testify? We can't find her. - Ey? - She's gone missing. Oh. fuck. Well, since the last time we saw her at the casino. I mean, should I put together a missing persons report? No. You just... you keep looking for her, alright? - But quietly. - OK. Sitting on a goldmine here. Got big plans for this place, have you? Guess if I didn't like your accent so much I'd be telling you to mind your own fucking business. Cheers. Seems like everyone around here's making money except for us, bud. The feds have eyes on Danny. We make a move on a North Stream truck and we're looking at four years to life for armed robbery. You“re gonna let a hundred-grand's worth of laptops slip through your fingers? Heat's on Danny. That means the heats on us, too. We call off the robbery. Looks like the Feds are fingering those bikers for the dead kid. That's good, isn't it? If the heat's on those lot, that explains why they're calling off the robbery. - What robbery? - Oh, shut up, Frank! I got a plan. It's fucking horrible here, innit? If I asked you to tell me the truth, would you? Yeah. That night you drank, what happened? - I got pissed. - What else? The rest is a bit of a blur, really. You must remember something. Not much. Dad. What?? The truth. I woke up on the reserve. - Who with? - No one. You wouldn't lie to me, would you? No. - What? - Get out, get out! No! No, no, no! SHE CRIES No! SHE SOBS Four of the country's top-selling papers, as well as CBC, CTV and TVA are all taking O*Hanrahan's 'oil refinery brings organized crime to small town lead. Not if you leak the police Chiefs 'drug-fuelled sex with hooker' story. Details are in there, plus a list of witnesses. Tribal Elder, couple of constable. Though... though they are strictly off the record. You're asking me to destroy this man's family. We go online in 16 hours with an $8.5 billion refinery that is specifically designed to clean up dirty oil and you're going to let the press shit all over it? This is your moment. This is what we hired you to do. To win. By any means necessary. Takeit Tire tread forensics put Danny Lyle's pickup at the gas station. S0 he stopped for gas. Black poncho in the back of the cab matches Anna“s description of the gunman so do Danny's height and build. It doesn't prove he killed our boy. No, but it makes him our most probable suspect. Or it would if Wallace Lyle hadn't come forward as an alibi. After having said in his deposition that he was flat out drunk at the time. S0 he's lying? If you made a public appeal for help it might make Wallace change his mind. - Fuck off. - It's not your decision. - Can we have a moment alone. please? - Of course. Jim, this man is an experienced police officer. With an ancient fucking grudge against a bunch of bullshit bikers. Danny's not a hangaround anyway. He's a full patch. OK, but I don't understand, I mean, why not do it? - What have we got to lose? - Cos he's a... He's talking out of his fucking arse! How do you know? Then what? Is there something you“re not telling me? Well what? Like what? Like why you“re being such an arsehole. - Stop it. - Stop what? I'm not doing anything. No, never do anything, do you? Jesus, it's never your fault. I'll do it. I'll talk. What? Maybe I should tell the police you and mum are planning to murder whoever did it. This was a savage, premeditated attack that resulted in the tragic death of a five-year-old child. We're appealing to anyone with information to come forward and assist us in our inquiries. Mrs Worth. You, er, look for somewhere safe to bring up your children. That's one of the reasons why we came here. Petey... Petey loved it here. He loved... the river and the woods and the mountains. And now he's... he's buried... in the graveyard. And I just want to know why. Oil. You are a PR girl sitting in the eye of a PR shitstorm. Downtown, they won“t just fire you. They will put an asterisk by your name. North streama share price took a tumble today amidst further delays and increasing controversy for their flagship tar sands refinery, Dermot O'Hanrahan reports from Little Big Bear. Well, local police services in Canada carry a huge amount of public popularity. And support for this ex-British policeman who moved here with his family looking for a better life”, ...but instead met with tragedy, is growing. How seriously are the police Chiefs allegations being taken? You're having a heart attack. Help? All you gotta do... is sign. Elizabeth. Dermot. I have some information for you regarding the police chief. It has to be his disease. Cos if it's not he“s just an... arrogant and deluded arsehole. And he's not. He's a good man. He just can't help himself. You know I love him, right? God knows I love him. It's taken me 20 years to realise that he just... might never change. Is he drinking? Anna? Is he? Drinking? Oh, Jesus. Oh, I'm so sorry. Stay here. Shit. - Hello. - Mrs Worth? Who are you? What do you say to allegations that your husband is using drugs and sleeping with prostitutes? Why don“t you fuck off? I don't know... I don't know what shape God is. Whether He's power or energy or whatever. Uh... But He's the only one on a dark night who can see a black insect inside a black dog. Cos He sees everything. And He knows. He knows I'd never hurt a kid. Stand still! What'd you do to him? Depends. To whom? Danny“s brother. H0w'd you get him to withdraw his alibi? What you saying, Chief? Don't fuck about. Was it like the good old days, was it? Cops versus bikers. Only this time you had to beat up an old man. Are you accusing me of assaulting a witness? Get the fuck out of my office. Get the fuck out of my town. - What's going on? - Get out. - What? - Get the fuck out. - Anna? - Don“t you dare bring her into this. It's armoured glass, asshole. You better get out of the way. Don“t say I didn't warn you. What the f...? "You Want It Darker” by Leonard Cohen Whiskey. ♪ If you are the dealer I'm out of the game ♪ If you are the healer means I'm broken and lame ♪ If thine is the glory then mine must be the shame You want it darker, we kill the flame Magnified, sanctified, be thy holy name Vilified, crucified, in the human frame ♪ A million candles burning for the help that never came You want it darker ♪ Hineni, hineni ♪ I'm ready, my lord ♪ There's a lover in the story but the story“s still the same ♪ There's a Iullaby for suffering and a paradox to blame t But it's written in the scriptures and it's not some idle claim You want it darker We kill the flame ♪ They're Iining up the prisoners and the guards are taking aim :t I struggled with some demons THEY WERE MIDDLE CLASS AND TAME: t North Stream's reporting a distress signal. Fuck 'em. Pass/ble robbery in progress. Chief... Calling all units. What am I supposed to do? Have a drink. Am I on my own here? Distress signal from a North Stream supply vehicle. Location, 12 clicks east of Maple on Highway 40. \“m on my way. Magnified, sanctified, be thy holy name Vilified, crucified, in the human frame ♪ A million candles burning for the love that never came You want it darker, we bring the flame I: If you are the dealer let me out of the game If you are the healer, I'm broken and lame ♪ If thine is the glory, mine must be the shame You want it darker ♪ HINENI, HINENI: t Same again. ♪ Hineni, hineni ♪ I'm ready, my lord ♪ Hineni ♪ Hineni, hineni ♪ Hineni You want it darker ♪ Hineni, hineni ♪ Hineni, hineni Corrected & Synced by Bakugan 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 