Finding Justice: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Finding Justice 
 s1e3 - Voter Suppression - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Finding Justice (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Voter Suppression - full transcript 
 Against the backdrop of a too-close-to-call election that could seat Stacy Abrams as America's first Black female governor, activists, journalists, and church leaders battle voter ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's powerful to be able to vote, to say, "I matter. I count." No matter how much they try to take your voice, we have to vote. It is our duty. This is not just our country. It's our right. It's our birthright. Make your voice heard. Voter suppression is a big word that people bring up, but it means so many different things. It's this multifaceted campaign of maintaining power. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 By making it harder to register, passing voter ID laws, and closing polling locations. The Klan used to stand outside of polling places and say, "If you go in here and vote, we're gonna bash your head in." More than 50,000 voters are in limbo. Why am I going through all these things? We have created a new version of Jim Crow. We have singled out communities to deny their access to the right to vote. 107,000 people were removed from voter rolls. How long have you waited in line here this morning? About three and a half hours. It's not necessarily Bubba on the back of a pickup truck with a shotgun trying to intimidate black voters. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But the threat, the resistance to the black vote is still there. It's a disheartening situation. Voter suppression works, period. We are standing before the forces of power. We're not even 100 years into full freedom in this country. Before thiswhite guy, there's been 100 years of white guys. We are literally talking about folks' access to the ballot. We're talking about the fundamental right of democracy. Across the country, they are deliberately trying to disengage black people. A federal judge ruled that the law was "unexplainable on grounds other than race." And the group claims thousands of voters are being illegally removed from the polls in North Carolina. They're doing everything in their power to make sure I don't vote? My vote must be important. - Count these votes. - They all need to be counted. Say, "Enough is enough." Enough is enough! Growing allegations of voter suppression are emerging in the hard-fought race for governor in Georgia. The votes are being purged. Razor-tight race that's been consumed by a fight over voting rights. I want them to remember that people died for that right. Brian Kemp and Stacey Abrams is basically a dead heat. Stacey Abrams' run really represents the battle that people of color and black folks have always had, not just in Georgia, but this entire country, to have a seat at the table, to have their voices heard. I'm going to win this election because I revere the right to vote, and I'm going to talk to every single Georgian. Because her background is in voting rights, she understands what it means to suppress votes and what it means to actually allow the voices of the people that you truly represent to be heard. This is your chance, Georgia, to let your voice be heard and change the world. You get a vote! And you get a vote! Give it up for your next governor, Stacey Abrams. Both of my parents were involved in the Civil Rights Movement as teenagers. My dad was actually arrested when he was 15 or 16 trying to register people to vote. My parents raised me to believe that the right to vote is sacred because they fought so hard to ensure the people had it. Under Secretary Kemp, more people have lost the right to vote in the state of Georgia. They've been purged, they've been suppressed, and they've been scared. Mr. Kemp, would you like to respond? Yeah, well, that's just factually not true. Brian Kemp is the Secretary of State. One of the major responsibilities deals with ensuring election integrity. Do you believe you can impartially oversee the state's elections while also running for governor? I took an oath of office to serve as Secretary of State, and that's exactly what I'm gonna continue to do. Brian Kemp is now in charge of an election in which he is running at the top of the ticket. What could possibly go wrong? The honorable thing to do would be to resign from the office of Secretary of State while running to be the governor of the state. Literally, children understand that you can't be the player and the umpire. He's the ringleader in Georgia of voter suppression, holding registration... More than 53,000 voter registration sitting in a desk drawer. ...attempting to suppress voters. Brian Kemp brought criminal charges against 12 local black residents who helped in the get-out-the-vote effort. Peel off a couple of hundred votes here... People may not even realize they've been kicked off the roll. ...force long lines there... Reports of lines stretched out the door long after the polls closed. Voter suppression is alive and real in Georgia, and the person in charge of the election happens to be my opponent. Voter purged... ...wasn't allowed to do his civic duty. There's a whole host of processes and systems at play that are designed to suppress the voices of minorities, people of color. The state's latest push -- work to eliminate thousands of inactive voters. In the last three years, there have been 23 different voter-suppression bills out of 50 states, very much targeting black and Latino people. The U.S. Supreme Court upheld a North Dakota State voter-ID law. Ohio's most populous counties purged more than 200,000 inactive voters. They manipulate their voter rolls, and they manipulate the databases so that people don't even appear on the rolls and they can't vote when they show up. They say this process tends to disfavor poor and minority voters. I wasn't in the system no more. I wasn't. Most of the people that they purged look like me and you. Black people could actively change everything about this country. But there are people who don't want people of color to have that voice. Because it ensures that equality is not an achievable goal. And what happens? It keeps in power the same people who have often been in power -- wealthy white folks. We have a country that really works hard for the status quo to stay in place. It prevents people from being able to see any type of representation that looks like them. Let the people who have pure intentions lead into the future. Black Voters Matter started in 2016 because we wanted to make sure that we were helping to strengthen independent black power, and voting is one tool to exercise that power. - Good morning. How you doing? - Good. Historically, black voters have been disenfranchised. We're going to fight to make sure that our people in our community has free and fair access to the ballot. We got to have record numbers! We need y'all to get everybody in your family to the polls to send a message that we ain't going back! We went down to Jefferson County, Georgia, and we had a roomful of seniors, where we had a wonderful time. We wound up having this impromptu pep rally. You can't keep on messing with our vote, and every time you mess with our vote, a little more madder we get! And every time we get mad, we got five more folks we're coming with. And 40 seniors wanted to early-vote with us. And so they got on the bus. We're singing songs and chanting. Black Votes Matter! Black Votes Matter! Black Votes Matter! Here is a moment of epic black joy. We're celebrating in the spirit that we're going to collectively go vote, right? So, the bad news is that they're gonna make us get off the bus right now. So, they're so mad and lowdown that we getting jealous. Somebody saw all these black folks getting on this big black bus, got nervous, got mad, called the County Commissioner's Office. The county administrator said that the seniors had to get off the bus. County officials said the event was a prohibited political activity, yet another apparent voter-suppression effort in Georgia. These were adults that came to a day center. Some of them actually drove themselves. Once again, we find ourselves being stopped. Activists called it an intimidation tactic. Made them get off the bus like they were being kidnapped. Like, these are grown adults that went to go vote. That is a textbook example of voter suppression itself. What I've seen in the 2018 midterm elections around voter suppression in Georgia, I have not seen in my adult life. We have always been resilient. We have always beat the odds. So we organized five days later, and we decided to come back stronger and harder. If there was one bus that they stopped, we were gonna come back with 10 buses. As we speak, we've got buses and folks that are going all over metro Atlanta, 'cause we were serious. Can't stop, won't stop. Our goal is to move voters to the polls, right? Black voters! We ain't turning around, are we?! No! - We ain't going back, are we?! - No! I've worked in the South my entire adult life. People are excited. Come on, y'all! Let's do this thing! All right! They voted, and we've made change. And when you're on the side of right... ultimately we're gonna win. I'm Brian Kemp. I'm so conservative... ...I blow up government spending. President Trump is in Georgia for one reason alone -- to help close the deal for Republican Brian Kemp. The people of Georgia are going to elect Brian Kemp! We can build a big, red, beautiful wall around the state of Georgia to knock that blue wave down! When you think about the kind of changing demographics that are happening in Georgia -- 32% of the population is African-American. We have a sizable and growing Latino population. And the Republican party, their policies no longer resonate with that growing demographic. And so I would say that the Republicans actually have two options. One, they can reform their policies... or they can suppress those very voters. I got a big truck... just in case I need to round up criminal illegals and take them home myself. You could have a governor who has chosen his electorate as opposed to the electorate choosing their governor. Our ballot is a blood-stained ballot... ...drenched in the blood of martyrs who paid the ultimate price just to exercise the basic American right to vote. There's a long history of black-voter disenfranchisement. People died and got lynched just to have the right to vote. Out of the Civil War, here you have the South saying, "How do we stop black folk from voting?" without saying, "We don't want black folk to vote." Literacy tests, poll taxes, grandfather clauses, and straight-up voter intimidation. By the 1940s, 97% of black adults in the South were not registered to vote. Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. About 1965, black folks mobilized, black folks organized. Nonviolent protestors lined up on the Edmund Pettus bridge in Selma, Alabama. All hell broke loose. We see the horses trampling over nonviolent protestors. We see the tear gas. Selma so stunned the nation. That horror then led Congress and President Lyndon Baines Johnson to finally move. This purpose is not to divide, but to end divisions. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a huge victory for the Civil Rights Movement. It was a vehicle and a tool to assure that black people could vote. And then the Supreme Court in 2013 eviscerated the Voting Rights Act. By 5 to 4, the U.S. Supreme Court today took the teeth out of a law enacted nearly 50 years ago. I am deeplydisappointed with the Court's decision in this matter. When the Voting Rights Act was gutted, it let the dogs loose. 17 states have laws now in effect requiring voter identification in order to vote. What it did was unleash the ability of secretaries of state to diminish access to the right to vote. Removed from the rolls of eligible voters. It allows them to cull the electorate, to carve out people that they don't want voting. We live in a nation that has spent centuries denying the right to vote and spent decades creating barriers to that right to vote, and I have an opponent who is a remarkable architect of voter suppression. Here in Georgia, a battle is brewing over who's been removed from voter rolls. The Secretary of State's office removed those voters from the rolls because they hadn't voted in recent elections. I've been a registered voter in this state since 1992. And Secretary of State Kemp and Fulton County, they tried to come for my vote and three of my children. You can't take my vote. This was the line that got me -- "You have not voted or updated your voter registration in at least three years." I just voted. I was a victim of voter suppression. I took a picture of this notice. I put it on Twitter. It went viral. And the ACLU contacted me and represented me. We were able to save 159,000 voters who were just like me. Yes -- 159,000. I still want answers. I'm gonna haunt that man's dreams. I want to know why. But I'm here to help fix it. And the fight for the vote. There's blood on this ground. My family was one that did the great migration. They fled the suppression madness that was going on in the South, and I saw this for myself. I remember being told to get off the train, and we had to go to the back of the train. This was in my lifetime. It's still going on. It's still happening. It's got to stop. We know how to do this. Vote like you mean it. Every single one of you. This is a call for all of us. We are the defenders to fight back against people who are supposed to do the right thing. You know, regulators, mount up. Vote like you mean it! Georgia's voter-ID law requires the voter's ID to match exactly. The Exact Match Law requires a precise match, even something as small as a missing hyphen. Brian Kemp has aggressively used Exact Match. If there's a minor typo, then they can kick out your registration, and we know that in the state of Georgia, it is predominately likely to capture people of color and women. Say, oh, if your name is Shonté, but it has an accent on the "E," and it doesn't match up right, they won't let you vote. Brian Kemp as Secretary of State has overseen the purges of at least 2 million voters from Georgia's voter rolls. They want this massive legal purge of voters because it's Jim Crow in the mail. Uh, Mr. Kemp, are you removing black voters from the voter rolls? Mr. Kemp, are you removing black voters just to win this election?! I've been hunting down Brian Kemp and chasing him around. Why are you purging voters from the voter rolls? I took the entire purge list from Brian Kemp. I gave the list to the top address-verification experts in the nation. 340,134 never moved. These are people that lost their vote because Brian Kemp said, "They're gone." Mr. Kemp, why are you purging the voter rolls of Georgia, sir?! If it were random, it would just be crazy and unfair and undemocratic. It's worse; it's racial. Good to see you. I want to thank you for being out here today. And, by the way, the excuse for this is to stop voter fraud. Pres. - Any form of illegal or fraudulent voting, whether by noncitizens or the deceased, must be stopped. Voter fraud is a feint. It's designed to distract us from what is really happening. Voter fraud is not real. They prosecuted 38 cases of voter fraud, so 38 out of millions. It doesn't happen on a national scale. It's not about stopping voter fraud. it's about stopping voters. The Brennan Center, Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights, the ACLU don't find incidents of voter fraud. We have seen secretaries of state across this country use their power to dismantle democracy. When you look at the demographics of this country, there's really no other way for the Brian Kemps to win unless they cheat. All eyes are on Georgia. All eyes are on Georgia the night before the election. We've come tonight to say that we're going to meet rabid voter suppression with massive voter mobilization. We intend to turn up and turn out! The Ebenezer Baptist Church, this is the home of Martin Luther King, Jr. This was a religious environment that gave birth to him, that gave him the words that transformed America. We must go to the ballot box and vote in large numbers. John Lewis is in the house, y'all. The Reverend Jesse Louis Jackson is in the house, y'all. There are forces trying to take us back, but we're not going back. We've come too far! We're going forward! We've got to fight for the character of our country and for the soul of our democracy. During the '60s, I was beaten, left bloody and unconscious on that bridge, but I didn't give up. I'm still here, still bearing witness! We got to go to the polls and vote like we never, ever voted before! Stacey Abrams. See, she's special. She's exciting. She's charismatic. Thank you. I'm saddened by the fact Dr. King cannot watch this. What she's doing is the fulfillment of his dream. If we overwhelm the system with our turnout, if we demonstrate the capacity of Georgia to show up, then any shenanigans that might be happening will be discovered and will be taken care of. Last question. When Malcolm said, "By any means necessary," that means by any and every means. I'm gonna do everything it takes for me to achieve freedom, and that includes voting. When racists get heated and there's a lot on the line, which there is right now, everybody's using every trick in the book they can. Frederick Douglass said that there are three boxes that are important to us, right? The cartridge box, the jury box, the voter's box. You know what I'm saying? Killer Mike is a legend in these Atlanta streets. - Do the door-knocking now? - Yeah, let's do it. We're going, we're knocking on the doors, and we're dragging people to the polls. I'm Michael Render. How you doing? - Hey, Michael. - Good to meet you. - It's election day in Georgia. - Yeah. And we were wondering if you voted already. - Yes, I did. - Fantastic! We have spread a message of love and power. You don't have to be a celebrity, you don't have to be known, but you matter. Are you looking forward to voting? - Yes, sir, I will. - Why? You can change your future and make sure that you're getting what you need for your community. - I appreciate you. - Thank you. Let's go vote. Let's go change your world. I was able to vote early this year. Unfortunately, my son did not vote early, so I'm taking him to the polls. You got your ID? 'Cause you know... Hello. Good morning. You usually never see a line in here. Where's the back of the line? Significant delays at polling locations throughout metro Atlanta. ...delayed for hours due to a lack of a power cord. Here in the command center, they've been fielding calls about concerns at the polls, any kind of voting irregularities. The phones are ringing off the hook. Are they being turned around because of the address? Is there a specific reason why they're being turned around? There are only two functioning machines at our location, when the average is about 20, and they're turning people away. We are seeing people being turned away at the polls. Latricia just mentioned that it was an alarmingly high number of people getting turned away. We're hearing feedback that Gwinnett County had voter machines that were completely down. Not a surprise, right? That, like, one location that could go blue for Georgia, we're seeing some issues there. Gwinnett County, Georgia, reporting that there are four precincts that have had... technical difficulties. I've actually been in there for a total, I think, three and a half hours. This whole overall experience was just frustrating. A technical issue delayed touchscreen balloting for nearly three hours. Here they had 10 machines. Two of them were working. There's a two-hour wait. The machines were down for an hour. We don't have cords to plug in the voting machines. This is what we call voter suppression. This is what we go through to vote. Now, we no longer have poll taxes as they were in place in the 1950s and '60s, but instead, if it takes you an hour to get to your polling place and you have to stand in line for four hours, most folks can't afford that, which means you are paying a poll tax for the right to vote. I'm just encouraging everyone to come out to the polls. They can't keep you from voting. So you stay in line. It's too coincidental to think that it is not planned and orchestrated to win this election for Brian Kemp by suppressing African-American votes. Just voted here at Chastain Park. It was very fast, and I was in and out within minutes. There was no line. It went smoothly. Everything was posted clearly. I've heard a lot about voter suppression. I've never seen any problems at any of these, you know, polling stations, so... Stay on those lines and vote. Fight back. Stay in line. Please stay in line. Voters were given the options of filling out paper ballots or coming back later. The Georgia Secretary of State's office says hundreds of Southwest Georgians voted on a provisional ballot. No. Absolutely not. We're... staying. We don't need your paper ballot. We're gonna vote. The provisional ballots were created specifically to allow people to vote who were wrongly removed from the voter roll. They get to fill out this special ballot. If you don't have an acceptable form of photo identification, you can vote a provisional ballot. They say, "Oh, your name is not on the list. Here's a provisional ballot, and it might get counted if the Secretary of State decides to count it." The provisional ballot will count if the problem is solved within three days. Most provisional ballots aren't counted. Though Kemp gets to decide, think about this, whether those votes get counted. I am furious! We went through the damn case with count with the ACLU. Now he can't even vote in Hayneville because it will be voter fraud! His registration was changed to reflect our new address. This was done by the ACLU. So why he's still showing on the poll books in Hayneville is the mystery of the mother... day. They are violating the court order! This is Georgia! We're not in good shape if you have a provisional ballot. That's like a fart in the wind! I don't want to do this. I just want to live my life. I want to play with my grandchildren. I want to make pottery. You know, I want to cook. But I'm out here fighting for voting rights in 2018! We live in a nation that was fundamentally based on oppression, that was based on white supremacy. People of color all over this country have seen time and time again the impact of our voice to move culture, to move economies, and to truly change government. That's scary to a lot of folks, and so you're gonna see oppression, you're gonna see suppressions that are meant to truly disenfranchise people. Throughout the United States, we have voting issues. In Tennessee, power outages. 300,000 people that could potentially be disenfranchised. Ballot shortages in Arlington, Texas. You'd be like, "It doesn't make sense to vote if they could just suppress the vote." But then on the other hand, if it wasn't important, why are they going through these measures to make this happen? Voter suppression happens to black and brown people in this country. The law is seen to have one purpose -- keep Native Americans from voting. In Arizona, the law affects working-class voters from minority communities. The country is changing. We have seen the politics of race emerge as a distinct strategy. They can't feed the ballots into the tabulators, and they're blaming humidity. People who do not want to hear your voice, they are pulling out all the stops to make it difficult for people to vote. Long lines, slow machines, and delayed results. Where I poll at went from 16 to 4 machines, you're like, you know, at this point, we're being snookered. Fulton County, they have 700 voting machines in a warehouse. 700 machines sat unused after a pending lawsuit questioned their accuracy. Georgia is one of 14 states that has unauditable machines, and there have been some strange things going on in Georgia that can't be explained. In four counties, several voters say they tried to vote for Democratic candidate Stacey Abrams, but the machines instead chose Republican candidate Brian Kemp. Long lines at several polling places well into this evening because of equipment issues. Select polls remained open well past 7:00 p.m. due to various issues. There are some things that definitely don't sit well with me. The amount of voter-suppression tactics that were deployed in just Georgia -- we've got a lot of work to do on a lot of fronts. I still hold hope in us. I'm pretty sure, Georgia, we are fired up and ready to fight. So, they said the South was gonna rise again. It is. It's just gonna look a little differently this time. All eyes on Georgia and this gubernatorial race. We are likely going to see this race run late into the evening as these election returns come in. We built a campaign that was designed to turn out people and to get their voices heard, and what we realized based on the reports we're hearing from the voter-protection hotlines, people aren't being counted. We weren't gonna stop until we made certain every vote got a chance to be counted. Democracy only works when we fight for it! When we demand it! And apparently today when we stand in lines for hours to meet it at the ballot box, that's when democracy works. Her speech ignited something in me. Hearing the determination and the commitment in her voice, I was reminded about who she was and why it was important about what she was doing. Votes remain to be counted. There are voices that are waiting to be heard. I'm not gonna name names, but some have worked hard to take our voices away. What a great night in Georgia. Make no mistake -- the math is on our side to win this election. Less than 63,000 votes separate the two candidates. Earlier today, Kemp's campaign declared he's the winner. This election is over. The votes have been counted. Brian Kemp as the Secretary of State declared himself governor, and the election isn't certified. The voters of Georgia deserve answers. They deserve their votes to be counted. We're moving forward in filing litigation today. Brian Kemp did resign as Secretary of State this morning and begin the transition to the governor's office. It was a tough election, but we've won, and now we've got to move on. All the votes have not been counted yet, and so to go ahead and say, "Oh, I'm the governor but without all the votes being counted," it seems a little odd. Supporters of Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams rallying to make sure every vote is counted. Each clipboard holds provisional ballots from Georgia's 159 counties collected by Stacey Abrams' team. The Secretary of State has never once provided the data to back up their numbers on provisional ballots. We were prepared for this to be a difficult race. What we were not prepared for was for someone to be the architect of voter suppression who also got to be the referee of the election. Brian Kemp claiming victory in the election. He suppressed, and he purged, and he made it impossible for so many people's votes to actually be counted. Count every vote! Count every vote! Count every vote! Count every vote! Count every vote! Count every vote! This election is a referendum on voter suppression. We're gonna do everything in our power to make sure that every Georgian is heard. So telling of where we're at in this country, and it is so telling of the work that we must do beyond this! We're in the cradle of the Civil Rights Movement, and so now we're telling people that your vote really doesn't matter. We're gonna go ahead and call this election even though it's a razor-thin margin. You're occupying these premises illegally pursuant to Georgia code... I want you as law-enforcement officers to understand that this is another form of intimidation. Let her go! Let her go! Let her go! There's too much corruption in Georgia! I stood peacefully next to my constituents because they wanted their voices to be heard, and now I'm being arrested. State senator Nikema Williams. She was one of 15 people arrested inside the Gold Dome during a protest demanding that every vote be counted. And today the results of those 2018 midterms here in Georgia were certified by the Secretary of State's office. Let's put it like this, right? They did the math already. How many people they anticipate is gonna register, how many they need to take off the polls so he can win by this little, small margin. Numbers don't lie. More than 200 years into Georgia's democratic experience, the state failed its voters. Make no mistake -- the former Secretary of State was deliberate and intentional in his actions. You shouldn't scheme your way into power. I have the responsibility to fight to make certain that democracy works, because it did not work on November 6th. The math and the laws are wrong, but I know that the values of America are right, and my job is to fight for those rights. This is not a speech of concession, because concession means to acknowledge an action is right, true, or proper, and I will not concede because the erosion of our democracy is not right! Look. It's a tough business, politics. But the fact of the matter is the election is now over. And I've got to focus on governing this state, and that's exactly what I'm gonna do. Voter suppression works, period. This race has allowed us to see that we have, in Georgia, the ability for the person holding the office of Secretary of State to unfairly affect elections. We have had systematic disenfranchisement of voters. We have seen gross mismanagement of our election. Stacey Abrams has drawn a spotlight onto the very kind of bureaucratic, mundane ways that destroy American citizens' right to vote. Members of the 116th Congress now officially sworn in. This Congress more diverse than ever before. We're not fighting for assurities. That's not possible in America as it is right now. We're fighting for possibility. We have the ability, like Maynard Jackson said, to have a seat at the table. Black people in this country are ready to take leadership positions, stepping out as candidates. People of color and folks who have been disenfranchised for so long are really acknowledging the impact and the power that our voice has. That's exactly what this country needs. Once we get the candidates in office and everybody's allowed to vote, the policy will reflect the makeup of the community. This is a system that was created out of white supremacy. The work of reforming it will take generations, and we have to be willing to be part of that. We can't just walk away. Ooh! For too long, they have consistently gone after black voters, and now we are starting to feel courage to step out. It's time we stand up and put a stop to it. As we move towards 2020, if there aren't people and vanguards out there in every state, every county, every municipality fighting for open and honest elections, we're gonna see the same problems come up. They ain't gonna stop us. Can't stop, won't stop. We're gonna keep working, and we keep grinding. Until the day I die, I'm gonna do this work. Your vote is a praise. Your marching is a praise. When you stand up, that's praise! Praise is what you do! If you don't like the system, get involved in the system. The only way that changes is when people of conscience, people of faith, people of moral courage stand up and say, "America is better than this." The reason I fight so hard every day is because I know what voting is. It's a key. It's a key that unlocks the door to all of the things we know we want. And they want us to keep that door closed, but there's absolutely no change if we let the door stay locked. Only if people vote will their voices be heard and will their lives change. It's about whether or not enough of us fight back that they can't win rigging the game anymore. So help me God. We must come together and stand for and with one another. We cannotaccept efforts to undermine our right to vote. - Say hi, everyone. - Hey! -We out here. I'm running for President because I believe in us. I believe in these values. I'm gonna put them before the American people. I am a candidate for President of the United States of America. I stand before you today to announce my candidacy... for President of the United States. From a very young age, black children come into the classroom and are immediately targeted. It's subtle programming people to think of themselves as prisoners in school. I don't think we can talk. I'm lost. I'm off. These children are being dehumanized. Young people are hungry for change right now. Students, not suspects! If you're gonna stand up for anything, this should be the thing that you stand up for. - When we fight... - We win! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 