Finding Justice: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Finding Justice 
 s1e4 - Criminalization of Kids - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Finding Justice (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Criminalization of Kids - full transcript 
 In Los Angeles, home to the nation's largest, most militarized school police department, the community is on the brink of taking a stand against the criminalization of kids. With the future... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I went to prison, and I saw that it was a lot like high school. Schools, in many ways, create prison-like conditions for children. If you don't comply, we then push you out. The mass incarceration of black and brown bodies begins as soon as people enter school. Investigation continues into the circumstances that led to a 5-year-old girl being handcuffed by police. School officials say they weren't left with many options. From a very young age, black children, they're targeted by systems that are designed to punish them, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to over-discipline them. A student manhandled... I have no drugs on me, no weapons, nothing! Children are being searched unjustifiably... ...for suspicion of weapons. Instead of putting more guidance counselors in schools, they've dumped huge sums of money on police officers. We're preparing everybody to go to prison through the schools. And it's based on blatant lies and scare tactics. There has been a shooting at high school in Parkland. A shooting at Santa Fe High. Subject is going to be a white male. Every single time there has been a mass shooting 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 at a white school by a white male shooter, schools in black communities end up getting more law enforcement. The "National Report" found the Trump administration over-reported the number of school shootings so they're able to fuel more security in school. We are going to disrupt those systems that are oppressing us. They treat us like criminals instead of people. - Students, not suspects! - Students, not suspects! People who are in charge of policy will not change unless we fight back. These children are being dehumanized, and we have got to do better when it comes to intervening. It is our duty to fight for freedom! It is our duty to win! I was in school one day, and these people came into the classroom, and they were like, "You, you, and you, let's go." And I'm feeling really weird and uncomfortable, and I'm asking questions like, "Did I do something?" And they were like, "Oh, well, this is a random search." It didn't really feel random, and the thing that they picked up was my hand sanitizer, and I was like, "I need that." And they're like, "Oh, no. I know your type. You're going to use it to get high." And now, at this point, I'm kind of thinking, "What's my type?" Now, I'm labeled as a type, but what's my type? It makes me feel targeted. My skin color, I can't control that. You're criminalizing me based off of stuff I don't control. We're already angry about not getting the basic things that we need, and you can't even keep the bathroom stocked, or you can't even give me more electives, and now you have the audacity to send eight school police officers and have them sit in our face. It all goes back to people not treating us as if we are human because of our skin color. Random searches make me not want to go to school at all, but I've always told myself, "I want to make a difference. My existence is going to mean something." But what you're telling me is I ain't going to be nothing but a criminal. Turn to page two. Coming out of the womb, you are birthed into a hostile environment as a person of color. Black children come into the classroom and are immediately targeted. I want to hear more than Demetrius. Ready, Billy? This policy of random searches is harmful to students. It dehumanizes. It's not even about what they're doing. It's the presumption that they're going to do something, and, you know, the idea is, "Well, you know, we're stopping crime before it happens." You're saying that these young people are criminals. You're saying that they're hopeless. That's psychological harm on a child, and that's the stuff that makes me, like, shake in my bones. LA School Police shouldn't exist. They didn't always exist, and they cost over $70 million a year to local taxpayers. Today is graduation day. Left, right, left, arm. They are a budget drain that doesn't make the students feel safer. Most campuses don't have full-time school psychologists. They don't even have school nurses full-time. But we're using resources to police. They're handing over lots of money to a cynical, destructive, and racist system. Why? That doesn't work. To look at a young person's potential and basically throw it out is incredibly unjust. LA Unified School District degrades young people who are coming to school to learn and being instead treated like criminal suspects. They end up carrying that for the rest of their life. You know, that's how I felt when I was in school. For years, there have been dramatic inequities in our schools, and no society should allow those inequities to persist. I've gone to the school board. I've talked to the superintendent. Among the recommendations of our report is that the school district suspend its random wanding policy while it audits the efficacy of that policy. The LA city attorney wants to suspend the practice of using metal detectors on LAUSD students in order to search for weapons. The district officials and other experts pushed back on that. In the midst of the battle to stop the criminalization of students, there's been a shift in the leadership. The next superintendent for the LAUSD will be Austin Beutner, a former investment banker who will be seen as a message from the school board, placing business management skills above insider educational experience. 58-year-old Beutner has no experience managing a school or a school district, something critics say should disqualify him. Red flags went up immediately. We don't see the interest in our children. We see special interests, and we're tired of it. My history teacher invited me to a Students Deserve meeting, and it opened my eyes to what was going on in our school, and Students Deserve is helping me find my voice. I am a junior at Dorsey High School in California. I am also a leader in the organization Students Deserve. I am building this movement for myself and others because we deserve a school that meets our needs. I am Marshé Doss, and I will be heard. Students Deserve has been pushing and demanding changes to end random searches in LAUSD. So we're going to the school board meeting because they have the power to change policy, and if they don't listen to us now, we're stepping out into the streets. Black history has always been never giving up, and I see the same thing with our young children today. They're not giving up. I'm glad to see that there are young people out there organizing and pushing for change. It's sad that the elected officials don't get it, and that disconnect between the people making the policy and the people who are doing the work is too wide. If they had spent more time in the schools listening to kids, shadowing kids, they get a sense of what their day is like, they might have a very different impression of what it takes. Yeah! We're in front of LAUSD headquarters getting ready for the school board meeting. I'm a parent of three LAUSD students. My oldest daughter has experienced this so-called random search. It messes them up. And we don't want our children to be policed while they're in school. We want them to be taught. None of our children should be perceived as dangerous, as fearsome... ...as disposable. When policies like this first started to emerge, that younger McKenna actually spoke out against them. You could see op-eds where he's critical of these sort of policies. If he was asserting that in 1992, what changed? You no longer connect with the students that you're supposed to represent. George McKenna is one of two school board members that have not budged on this issue. He's actually one of the worst people on this policy. The school board meeting, you see young black students talking to the one black official and not getting anything, which is unfortunate because he speaks for the black community. But the fact of the matter is, he still holds onto this 30-year-old view of the world. We, the children, are your future. We are your future, but you are not treating us as such. You are not ending random searches. You are not stopping the criminalization of students. We have black people who've been arrested for simply, you know, standing up. I've been arrested six times, including for speaking 15 seconds over my allotted time during public comment. Reducing the amount of searches you do with this pilot program isn't changing anything. I am still being criminalized. I am still being targeted. So it's important to understand that the reason that the state targets black protest is because black protest is what has transformed this country. Random searches is a racist policy. - Thank you. - UTLA also supports us. We'd like to be fair to your colleagues, so they'll have the same time. UTLA also supports us. UTLA and Students Deserve stand hand-to-hand on these issues because they affect both of us. Even the city attorney is calling you guys out. We have conducted the research. We have the documentation. We have the support. The reason that they're trying to repress our work is they know they power of black protest. They're afraid, and they should be. Dr. McKenna, you have the opportunity to help the way LAUSD public schools are ran. We, the students, are telling you this policy is ineffective. We, the students, are telling you this policy is racist. We, the students, are telling you this policy is traumatizing. We, the students, are telling you this policy needs to end. Thank you. We don't want random searches! We struggled. We struggled. We struggled, and it wasn't that Abraham Lincoln was some enlightened white man who freed us. It was that we made ourselves ungovernable, and when we fight, we win. We win! We win! We win! The US public schools have more law enforcement officers than social workers. Black students are twice as likely to be arrested at school than any other student. This, I wish I could say, surprised me. If you identify black and brown kids with the presumption of dangerousness and guilt, then, of course, school officials call the police into the schools to arrest and detain those children. The thought of a police officer being able to touch my child without their consent is so profoundly unacceptable, and yet we live in a country that allows for it to happen every single day. These kids are coming into these schools with relationships that are already traumatic when it comes to police. The answer is just to have police around more. School district police officers have preconceived thoughts about black children. They're uber aggressive when they're doing police things to children. Video recorded shows Ahmad Williams waiting in the principal's office. Suddenly, Shaulis confronts Williams, putting him in a headlock. Principal Kevin Murray helps officer Shaulis hold Williams down while the teen is handcuffed and Tasered. Across the US, school police have assaulted students. Video shows a Helix High School student being tossed to the ground. The officer pushed her against a wall. The officer held her face to hold her down. These children are not only being exposed to race-related stress, wondering if they're going to survive. They're also losing the capacity to be resilient. The situation escalates. Her classmates witnessing the entire encounter as he slams her onto the ground. That's how these young people start getting the idea that police officers are not there to help them. - Help! - You're under arrest. - For what? - Trespassing. I was coming to talk to a -- Aah! Get your hands behind your back! There is research that shows us that this much power and authority without any kind of checks and balances is unhealthy psychologically. Officer Anthony Dupre picks the teen up and pounds him to the ground before jumping on him. And if we choose to not respond to it and address it, then we are doing ourselves a disservice as a society. We have to realize that, unless we do something, unless we scream and shout, it will never change. Crowds from all walks of life protesting the so-called school-to-prison pipeline. Educate us! Don't incarcerate us! This is a moment of civic engagement, where students are learning to use their First Amendment rights. Instead of making black and brown students feel safe, they continue to profile and criminalize us. They say the first step to keeping schools safe is keeping the fear of police brutality out. The first time that I saw a gun was on a police officer in my school, and I immediately was shook. The people that are there to protect me are also the people that could take my life. So seeing them on my campus, at a time where I was supposed to still be a child, I had to think like an adult. When we have this type of backdrop, and we just throw police officers into schools, it sounds insane because it is. I got this meeting this morning. It's going to be real interesting. It seems like we're facing the same old issues that I used to face when I was coming up, you know? My dad was abused by police, you know, my uncles, me, and now I have a 12-year-old son, and I'll be damned. This whole notion that you need to randomly search children at an elementary age, I find that difficult, as many others in the community do, to believe. My daughter has experienced it, and I'm sure my son may experience it. So this is why I fight. Breakfast will be in just a little bit. Parents have been kicking at the door of LAUSD for a very long time. We really relate to how brilliant our children are. We also see that their school boards and other institutions like the police that are trying to suppress it, and in actuality, they're murdering it. At my school, you have to search the whole class, and they have to split into one room with all boys and one room with all girls, and they all have to get searched. That's 30 minutes of class you done missed, right? All right. We have to come at this as a collective, parents, teachers and students, until we change the Board. No child should suffer being terrorized by being treated like a suspect instead of a student. If LAUSD is not willing to move forward in changing policies, then they going to have a problem with me. First of all, let me thank you for your time. We wanted to get some insight from you and help the community understand where are we coming from when we're talking about some of the issues in LAUSD. Yeah, I think that our children have been really kind of presenting ideas about what school safety means, for black children especially. We have to make sure it doesn't mean the criminalization of black children. We really need resources in the schools that do keep the children safe but are not housed in policing units, and then, you know, finally, is something that we've been in discussions for a couple of years around is ending the random searches in schools. There is an issue of discrimination. Well, you can make that point, and I can't validate it, and I don't think you can either. The random searches are not random. It's black children who are being pulled out of the classroom. My daughter's school, every single time, the "random search" pulls every black child out of the classroom. I reject the notion that it's racist. I've had students stand here and make big noise about they're only wanding the black and brown students, but that's only who's attending there are black and brown. My daughter is at a school that has a very low black population... - What school? - ...below 10 percent. She has no class with more than five black kids in the class, and she was saying that, in her classes, the random searches have pulled almost all of the black children out of the classes. The policy is you select a class, and you select -- And then they go, "You, you, and you." - Right. - And they're not blind. - Well, how do you know that? - Because -- That's what you're being told. Well, I have children who tell me. These are direct conversations with my own children. You think that the black students are the first ones targeted in a mixed class. I know that that's been their experience. I've been listening to things that I think are exaggerated and fabricated in many ways. I can tell you for certain, my children are not fabricating stories. All right? I believe that, but now you're making it personal about your children. - Right, but -- When they come -- Excuse me. - Let me just finish real quick. - No, let me finish. If you found weapons with random searches, would you then think the random searches were effective? Have random searches recovered guns? - What did you just say? - Is that what you're saying? May I finish my point? I'm asking you, though, 'cause that's what you're -- - I haven't finished my point. - Okay. I don't know if you know what my point is. If random searches were finding lots of guns, would you think random searches were effective? But they haven't. That's like... - Wait a minute. - ...if there was a Santa Claus. If they were finding multiple guns, would you then believe that random searches were effective? But we've never been told that... Not but. What's the answer to that? ...or provided with information around it. What do you think the purpose of a random search is? I'm not going to engage in hypotheticals. - Well, then, we can't talk. - Why would we have to talk... - We can't talk. - ...only about hypotheticals? I don't think we can talk. I don't think we can talk. I'm off. I'm off. You understand what we need to do in the community to change the climate, to default -- to default to a punitive... Therein lies the problem. What do you have this policy in place for anyway if you're not finding what you're supposed to be finding? There's going to be a change, Dr. McKenna. There's going to be a change because we don't tolerate the program, and we don't tolerate disrespect. The system has figured out mechanisms that steep minorities into socioeconomic disadvantages. Throughout America, we have blatantly and grossly unequal schools. We're one of the few countries in the world that intentionally spends more money on wealthy children than on poor children. We don't have the same opportunities. We don't have the same luxury of equality afforded to us. When we talk about the school-to-prison pipeline, it's not evil security guards, and it's not terrible-acting kids. When you have communities that don't have enough resources, everything goes to hell. What happens when you're black and you're poor? You're labeled a gang member, pushed out of your school. Your community has no resources, and we definitely still have an institution that denigrates blackness. It's, like, one out of five or six young black men go to prison between 18 and 25. Well, why is this? We do know that when you don't provide access to opportunity, you create the conditions for crime, you create the conditions for just great suffering and distress. Instead of improving the educational system, they use money in order to build that school-to-prison pipeline. Then you see in the numbers who gets locked up and who doesn't. Everyone, put your hands on your laps where I can see them. Nobody move. If I select you, I need you to grab your items and go down to the wall. I need you down there. Everyone else, don't move. Take a step back. All right. Step aside. Turn around. What is this? It doesn't look like lotion. Why do you have so many keys? You going to steal somebody's car? Man, go sit down. Oh, wow. Hello. My name is Marshé Doss. I'm a senior at Dorsey High School. This thing that you just went through is called random searches. It is mandatory in LAUSD. It's supposed to happen at all schools. It only happens in 4 percent of the schools around the country. I just wanted to know how that felt for you guys. It almost felt like it was, like, dehumanizing in a way. Everything you just named... Don't mind me if I cry. Everything you just named is how I feel every day. This organization that I'm a part of is called Students Deserve, and we fight against random searches. We've spoken to the school board. We've poured our heart out. We've cried. We've yelled. They refuse to listen. The way that you can help is by tweeting at LAUSD to tell them to end random searches. Another thing you guys can do is maybe start a chapter at your school about Students Deserve, and you can also wear this button, which I have for all of you. Before I even joined Students Deserve and learned more about political things, random searches was all I was exposed to, and now I've been to other schools, and their school is completely different from my school. Thank you, guys, for having me and listening to me. Thank you. A lot of these kids get these opportunities that I will never have the opportunity to get. We're all the same age. We're all in high school, just a different area code, and so that means that they get to be treated differently from how I'm treated. It's not okay, and it's really hurting me. It shouldn't even be happening. Experiences that you have as a child teach you that the way that I see them in my community, in my school, in my classroom is the way things are supposed to be. When I was coming up, you didn't pass a certain grade or you had a behavior problem, they just kind of pass you along. It's kind of setting you up for the system. They kind of already decide, "These guys aren't going to make it. Let's get them out of here." We have schools that encourage teachers not to think as much of their children of color as they do of their white children. I've watched it happen. They look at the kids' grades in third grade and fourth grade, and based on those grades, they will know how many end up in prison. It's all marketing, the branding of black people as troublemakers. It's subtle programming people to think of themselves as prisoners in school. And that culture has reinforced this idea that some kids don't belong in schools. They belong in jails and prisons. It all goes into how to sabotage a generation. I told my son one time, I said, "Jump up and touch the door, like, the top of the door," and he did. He was proud. He jumped up, pow, you know, like, "Yeah." I said, "Well, that was good enough for a white boy. You have to touch the ceiling." How we treat students in school really determines how they view themselves and their future life trajectory. They want to dumb you down. They want to control you. They want you to think a certain way. Imagine what could happen if we unleashed the potential of children and didn't treat them as if they are criminals. We're talking about an entire generation and future of black leadership, and black leadership on its own is something that is greatly feared in this country. It is our duty to fight for freedom! It is our duty to live! In this society of white supremacy and of fear, if black students have support for their development, it would be a threat to the status quo. As a black man, a black kid, I come from kings and queens, and why do you think someone would not tell me the truth about things? There has to be some sort of end game in their mind, which is... preservation of whiteness in this country. So there are going to be all kinds of obstacles, all kinds of ploys to sabotage any kind of progression. You're going to see oppression. You're going to see suppression. You're going to see pushback. You're going to see narratives that are meant to truly disenfranchise people. If we see the best in black minds, we all win. When we see the best in black minds, everyone benefits. When we see the best in black minds, we all are better as a society. Come, come. Take a seat. Black young people are changing the world every single day. They are on the cutting edge of creating new worlds for us. Young black youth deserve to be invested in. Right here. We need more spaces for young people to know how to fight back, to challenge their local government, to challenge their local school board. Young people are hungry for change right now. This is Kendrick. This is the team. Nice to meet you. Kendrick. It's important to see the process of building up the next leaders in the world. Let's just do a quick... I really do my best to support everything that I can with Patrisse and the organizers that I love. They're, a lot of the time, the unsung heroes. They're the ones that are doing the hero's work. So we're going to focus on what's categorized as nonviolent direct action. When you're doing nonviolent direct action, think about the risk. So are you walking into an environment where you're going to be treated badly by the people there, where the cops are going to be called on you, where you're going to be possibly arrested, right? Whenever you're doing direct action, you always want to think about the impact of your nonviolent direct action. What's more impactful? Is it more impactful to have, like, 100 people, or is it more impactful to have two people? I'm not going to tell you more is better. One of my first nonviolent direct actions in Ferguson, literally, it was seven of us. We didn't need hundreds of people. As long as it's organized and structured well, you can do something with five people, and it can go really, really well. As young people are growing up in the age of a white backlash against Black Lives Matter, my heart feels protective of them. I want to give them every single tool I have in my organizer toolbox so they can fight back. It's important not to talk to anyone outside of who you've organized with because cops don't always look like cops. Really. You stick to the people that you know. Very, very good point. Love that point. Any questions you have, any thoughts? Yes, baby? This question is about the 27th. There's a benefit dinner that Superintendent Austin Beutner has been invited to. We'll be going to disrupt this event and convince him to end random searches. We might have a way on the inside. Okay. How would you suggest going about that? Okay. Disrupting fancy events is tricky as hell. You definitely want to try to dress the part because you want to blend in. - Mm-hmm. Identify who is going to be the people who are disrupting, and you want to have a very clear script. I highly recommend you have one person or two people designated to do a live stream of it so more people than who's in the room can see it. What do you think is the perfect timing inside? - So... - There's no perfect timing. Literally, there's no perfect timing. I'm going to give you a bit of direct action advice. You always plan for the worst. It's going to be super, super scary because its intimidating, and you're going to be around people who you're told to listen to and, you know, not challenge. I look up to Patrisse. She talked about a lot of things that we didn't even think about. I've learned from Patrisse that you're never too young to be an activist. You're never too big or too small. We're going to show Austin Beutner that activists sometimes follows the rules, but activists also break them. We're coming to tell you one last time that we're done. We have nothing to lose but our chains! Dinner party in a privileged neighborhood sounds like the perfect place for me to disrupt. I don't know what to expect, and I'm excited. I can't wait to do this. Wow. Look at that. That's so pretty. Hey, let me get a picture of y'all. Aw. I think it takes a lot of confidence to do what we're about to do. Okay, cool. Tonight, Austin Beutner, we are going to show you that you cannot put a buzzer on our voices. Smile. We are students of Los Angeles Unified School District. - And we paid to be here. - We did pay to be here. Okay, so we are students of Los Angeles School District, and Mr. Austin Beutner... Yes, ma'am. ...we have a problem with this policy that you have in our schools called random searches, which has you take us out of class every single day to be searched for weapons. This policy targets black, brown, and Muslim youth. This policy also contributes to the school-to-prison pipeline. You have the power to end this policy in LAUSD right now and stop criminalizing us. It's definitely commendable you come here, and you're courageous enough to talk about it. Okay? So I would like you all to sit down and have dinner, and then we're going to discuss this at the time of the night... - The program. ...where it's open for conversation. Beutner ran away in the middle of our conversation and hid in a corner. - Yeah, when is the discussion? - He was afraid to confront us. He treated us like we were just kids. What? Superintendent Beutner, wherever you are, support and fund us. Don't criminalize us. We were promised that we would be heard after dinner. But instead, Beutner snuck out. The fact that he doesn't take us seriously is what started this in the first place. This is the reason why we went to this event. It is our duty to fight for freedom! It is our duty to fight for freedom! It is our duty to win! It is our duty to win! I get everything that we do this for, and I understand, like, why we do it, but it still hurts. If I don't continue to stand up for what I believe in, I will lose myself. I'm going to show Austin Beutner that he cannot run from us. Being a activist, to me, means standing up for yourself as well as others. We must develop within ourselves a deep sense of somebodiness. It's going to be hard. There's going to be times where you're going to feel like you need to give up. There's going to be times where you want to quit. There's going to be times where you just feel like you don't have it in you anymore, but you get up, and you come back, and you're stronger than before. Don't let anybody make you feel that you are nobody. My life means something, and my existence means something. A huge crowd here in Downtown Los Angeles, an estimated 50,000 teachers and supporters here for a rally and a march. Let me start by saying how angry I am with Superintendent Beutner. He hasn't done anything to reduce our overcrowded class sizes. He hasn't done anything to increase the number of counselors, of nurses, of librarians. - Boo! - He's a coward. No one can make you be quiet. No one can make you stop fighting for what you want to fight for. That's not who I am as an activist. If you need to go on strike to make it clear to him what is needed around random searches, around community schools, around class size, I will support you. If you're going to stand up for anything, this should be the thing that you stand up for. Let's do what needs to be done in January! If we're united, we can change the world. The future depends on us. I'm going to keep fighting until the priorities of the board and the district as a whole change on the inside. UTLA, UTLA, UTLA, UTLA! - UT! - LA! - UT! - LA! - UT! - LA! We can't let our schools be given away to billionaire interests. We can't let our schools be given away to white supremacist education. We can't let our schools be given away to people who don't care about our children and especially black children. We have to fight for our kids. There's nothing more important than that. Show me what democracy looks like! This is what democracy looks like! Show me what democracy looks like! This is what democracy looks like. Show me what... The world has been told subconsciously and consciously to fear and hate the black man. My son loved this city, and this city killed my son! I'm tired of begging for my humanity. This is a system that was created out of white supremacy. This is about police killing people of color. Our lives matter, too! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 