Finding Justice: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Finding Justice 
 s1e6 - The Lead Paint Crisis - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Finding Justice (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Lead Paint Crisis - full transcript 
 To end the national silence over the lead crisis afflicting low-income communities of color, Michael K. Williams joins forces with Baltimore activists, scientists, and lead exposure ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 2017, a Reuters investigation discovered 3,810 U.S. areas with lead poisoning double that of Flint, Michigan. I really didn't know that it was happening in other places besides Flint. I really didn't know that. It's happening in places that folks are the poorest. It's not coincidental. It's a whole generation of people being poisoned. I think we've always lived in poisonous environments, but I think there's now, more than ever, less attention, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 less resources, and less support. You look at all of these inner cities where the people are being exposed to them high levels of lead -- Baltimore, Flint, Detroit, Cleveland, Newark -- and you ask yourself, "What do they have in common?" And the first answer off the top of my head would be they have a large density of a black community. Just off the top of my head. A new study has discovered 3,000 neighborhoods in America where children suffer from lead poisoning. We have over 4 million kids right now living in environments where there is lead-based paint. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A common problem in places like Baltimore, where most inner-city housing was built before Congress banned lead paint. Lead paint and lead pipes, they're concentrated in poor communities, which gets to a more fundamental question, which is, "What makes a community poor in the first place?" Racism in planning, racism in zoning, racism in development concentrated black folks in neighborhoods with lead-based paint, and then there were no resources to address those lead-based paint issues. It's intentional neglect. We don't care about black neighborhoods, and that's why it's an emergency. You cannot have life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness if your communities are injected with toxins that are literally poisoning your families. If this was white children, it would be solved immediately. My son Ryan was diagnosed with lead poisoning at approximately 2 years old. We were informed by his primary care physician that we needed to evacuate the property that we were in because that was the possible source of the lead exposure. And we moved and, unfortunately, moved into another place that also had lead in it. My son goes through the anger rages. He knows that he has some stuff going on that prevents him from being logical sometimes. The lead affects my attention span. I have, you know, trouble focusing. I find myself stuttering a lot, too. Korryn -- my daughter, his sister, we never got any notice that she even had a problem with lead. Driver's license and registration. Is there a crime being committed? Sometimes her ability to reason was off. I did not know what these things could have meant, and we didn't find out until much later. The damage is already done. She was poisoned with lead. Phew. I promised myself I wouldn't get emotional. Man, look at these homes over here. Yeah, let's check this out. Let's test this wall. Oh! Oh, shit. Oh! 3,000 PPM. That's terrible. The lead that's on the surface of the wall deposes and falls off. That's the scary part.Mm-hmm. Oh, man. Mm-hmm. Right. It's a direct link. What lead poison is doing to black and brown children -- it's devastating. Even at small levels of exposure, if you take three granules of sugar and put them on your fingertip and you ingest it, that's enough to poison a child's mind. And the terrible thing is that lead tastes sweet. Lead paint tastes like candy to kids. You're a 6-year-old kid in the 'hood... There's so many different ways you can be exposed to lead -- through paint, through dust, through water. Now we have lead in soil. Now we have lead in the air. When you're talking about, like, the water you drink, people's homes, the playgrounds our children play in, those are just the most basic, basic... freedoms, just like the right to life, you know, the right to grow. How can you damage black minds and expect children to reach their full potential? We need to get lead out of the environment. Research shows that lead poisoning impairs people's ability to control their emotions, leads to severe damage in terms of people's ability to regulate how they respond to situations. Children with lead poisoning don't present with any obvious symptoms, most of the time. But it does cause developmental delays. It can stunt IQ, it can stunt brain development. It can really put a cap on someone's potential. And that's irreversible damage. Say bye! Bye! We need to encourage people to want to care about their issues, because you know it's not just some kid over there down the street who's dying from lead poisoning. It's your brother, your sister, your mom. Just abandoned home after abandoned home. Welcome to Baltimore. See this? Lead. And then, if you look up there... Yeah ...you can see the paint peeling off the wall. Yeah. In regard to the lead issue, I'm coming in. This is above my pay grade. But, you know, when you look at what happened in Flint... Flint lives matter! Flint lives matter! You know, we must never forget that. Someone consciously decided to send dirty water into a poor community. I think about lead poisoning and the effects of lead being in my community and for how long it's been doing it. I want to be a part of the solution. My dreams came true for me on these Baltimore streets in the form of a show on HBO called "The Wire." I felt like this city was misrepresented. There were jokes that, you know, you only drove through Baltimore. Or you only came to Baltimore if you were in the drug game. After coming to the city and getting to work here... I learned so much about my people, my culture. I spent eight years here on "The Wire," but it feels like it's gotten maybe, dare I say, a bit worse? For a lot of people, yeah, it's gotten worse. You can't really talk about housing in Baltimore without diving into the lead paint, lead poisoning issue because the two just sort of go hand in hand. Do you think a lot of these landlords even are aware of the lead poisoning issue in their properties that they own? Oh, yeah. There's one landlord here in Baltimore, he's been sued over 500 times for lead paint poisoning. The thing is, in order -- And there's documented people being sick living in his residences. Yeah, absolutely. And he's not in jail. No. How is that possible? How is that legal? Because there's no criminal penalty for poisoning poor black children. I honestly don't know where the blame lies. Dare I say government? Actually, the federal government is responsible in this space. They're making a decision that either a child's life has value or it doesn't. That's what makes me angry. Mustafa Ali is the former head of the EPA's Environmental Justice Program, who resigned last week to protest the agency's new direction. Today we stand against an administration that places profits over people! Mustafa Ali. - Mustafa Ali. After 25 years at the EPA, why leave? I needed to stand up and say that the choices that were being made would not be beneficial to the communities that I've dedicated my life to. Get up! Stand up! - Get up! Stand up! Stand up for your rights! Stand up for your rights! The programs that have been cut have devastating effects for our communities. The Environmental Protection Agency, Housing and Urban Development, CDC -- all of these folks have responsibility for the impacts that are happening in relationship to lead. Their actions literally cause more people to lose their lives prematurely. Ladies and gentlemen, the 17th Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Dr. Ben Carson. HUD's mission is to ensure Americans have access to fair, affordable housing and opportunities to achieve self-sufficiency, thereby strengthening our communities and nation. Sir, you have indicated that there will be substantial cuts to the budget that HUD has. I'm showing that it's about $6 billion, is that correct? That's about right. Is that about 13% of the budget? Yes. How much from Housing Vouchers, Mr. Carson? Uh... How much from Community Development block grants, Mr. Secretary? I'm not gonna go through the list this much, this much, and this much. I think that's not -- I'll move on, Mr. Carson. I accept your lack of knowledge. Secretary Carson comes from these communities. He should understand the dynamic that is going on. You're an African-American male who touts that you grew up in public housing. Dr. Carson, as you know, one major problem is lead exposure. I'm talking about the most vulnerable in our society. More than 7 million children rely on HUD for housing. Yet you advocated cutting the budget. It would give people more skin in the game and encourage them to -- to bring in more income into their household. I think poverty, to a large extent, is also a state of mind. You take somebody with the wrong mind-set, you can give them everything in the world. They'll work their way back down to the bottom. Dr. Ben Carson should be ashamed of himself. It's not right, it's not fair, and we're gonna do something about it. The CDC reported that of 434,000 children suffering from lead poisoning, 60% were black while only 17% were white. 434,000 children. 60% were black. You know, we can continue to say that our nation does not have racism, but statistics and facts don't lie. This country will see to it that our black and brown populations are not safe. And if that means putting them in an area that is not safe, then that's what this country will do. They will see to it that they do not feel secure because they are not welcome in the United States of America right now. I think that's ridiculous. If you care about black and brown people, then you would take care of spaces like Baltimore. Why is it that certain types of housing exist in certain communities and not in other communities? Well, it's because of the disinvestment in certain communities, and we can go down the list of those who people put value in and the ones that folks don't put value in. The city of Baltimore, we have a history of systemic racism. There's been redlining in housing stock going back for decades. Redlining was when people were denied lending and mortgage capital based on their race, or they were offered predatory loans, and they're charged a higher rate. And so, because of that, black homebuyers or black renters didn't have the money to actually abate the lead in their properties. In the early 20th century, Baltimore was the first city in the country that allowed race-based zoning. Blacks got steered into certain neighborhoods. Baltimore is really a Category 5 hypersegregated city. So our redlining is very intense. You're talking about 50-plus years of bad public policy. This isn't something that just started. We should focus not just on lead as a symptom. We have to focus on, how do we address structural poverty? Black and brown people in these communities are not able to live. They're dying, they're being poisoned and are largely invisible to our government. They just ignore those problems or brush them under the rug or pay somebody to cover it up because they matter less. That is what environmental racism is. The reason black folks get shot with lead bullets is the same reason black folks are more likely to have lead pipes. There's a direct relationship between the economic drivers of the infrastructure and the legacy of racism and enslavement in America. In regards to lead poisoning and the redlining, you mix those two together, and it's a nasty, nasty little recipe for disaster. Baltimore is burning, rioters clashing violently with police. This violence is really about the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray. Freddie Gray. Freddie Gray grew up in a house based in lead paint. Lots of dust that was suspected to be contaminated with lead. Freddie Gray is arrested after a police foot pursuit. You have this sort of impact of living in these disinvested neighborhoods, where you're gonna be consistently exposed to this sort of heavy metal neurotoxins. And in that type of environment, that's where Freddie Gray comes along. Freddie Gray was documented with massive lead poisoning. He was poisoned at 36 micrograms per deciliter of lead in his blood. And what that means is severe brain damage. The collision of police, of redlining, of subpriming, of a child who was now a young adult poisoned by lead -- that's the story of Freddie Gray. Young kids like Freddie Gray, their bodies are used to absorb these toxicants, and then we forget about them. The governor has declared a State of Emergency. The mayor calls for peace. Poverty, racism, police violence, no access to mental healthcare, a community that's riddled with lead poisoning -- all of these intersections meet in black, poor communities. The young people were uprising. That was about Freddie Gray and about the spirit of what would end up being Korryn Gaines. I think about my daughter every day. It's so painful. At the end of the day, if you don't know that the problem exists, how can you treat something? Like, I don't understand why we don't make more noise about, you know, our children even being affected. I mean, if you ask me, lead paint in Baltimore explains a lot, you know, with the crime and the shootings, you know, because everybody's just angry. August 1st, I got a text, and she said somebody's banging on her door. This is for anybody who want to know what I'm doing. The devil at my door, and he's refusing to leave. She said the police basically opened her door. And I said, "Well, do they hear the children?" And then I said to her, "Please don't do anything." Lead poisoning leads to damage in terms of cognition. I ain't trying to hurt nobody. I've never hurt anybody. And when people get pushed to the edge in these hypersegregated, redlined, subprime environments, that's where Korryn Gaines comes along. Video of the six-hour standoff quickly went viral, as Korryn Gaines live-streamed the confrontation with Baltimore County Police. I'm just doing what I need to do to protect myself and my child. Phew. Police say after six hours of negotiation, she threatened to kill them. An officer fired first. I remember the officer. When I asked him, I said, "You know my baby?" And he said, "She's gone." Just like that. Jurors found Baltimore County Police Office Royce Ruby did not act reasonably when he shot and killed Korryn Gaines. A couple hundred gathered here tonight to talk about Korryn Gaines. There's not a day that goes by that, you know, my heart doesn't break for my sister. I think about her every day. Korryn is still with me. I wear this everywhere I go, every day. I want the world to remember my sister. She didn't even have the shotgun on-hand anymore. They shot my sister while she was making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for my nephew. It was an unjustified shooting. But the behavior and the logic and the lack of rationalization kept her in a situation that ended up in her demise. This idea that children who are exposed to lead might become more aggressive or more violent and, therefore, more likely to get shot by the cops is a form of "Blame the victim" here. It's too simple to say, "Lead poisoning gave her behavioral issues, and her behavioral issues caused her death." No. Lead poisoning alone isn't going to create a hostile environment when it comes to people's relationship with law enforcement. In this country, officers are not trained properly to deal with mental health crises. That is a mix for disaster. These police officers, they get to choose to not kill, and that day, they chose to kill. For many of us, Korryn was a hero. Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! The fact that Freddie Gray and Korryn Gaines lived and died the way they did represents just how dirty and dark this thing is. It runs deep. It runs very deep. Good morning! - Good morning! Thank you for coming out to the kickoff for Lead Prevention Week. It's gonna be really interactive and engaging. Black Millennials 4 Flint's mission is to create a lead-free U.S.A. Part of the kickoff includes visiting homes that have lead paint violations. So part of the work is just to tell people, "Did you know?" The other part of that is knowing your rights so that they can hold their landlords accountable. It makes me angry that no one is being held accountable. I didn't know the seriousness of it or anything, until, you know, my sister was killed. Today, I'm walking around the city spreading the awareness about lead poisoning in the community. I want to give my energy to things that could create solutions. Hey, how you doing? Hi, ma'am, how are you doing? The Baltimore City Health Department has this property listed as having a lead paint violation. We need to spread awareness because you have people living on contaminated properties. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Most of us in the communities nowadays are renters, and, you know, we don't know what's behind those walls. We weren't taught to even ask those questions. You know, "When was this place last inspected for lead?" I didn't know about these things growing up. I just found out about that. So we want to leave you with some information that you men can have, dial up your homies -- you know what I mean -- just say, "Yo, educate ourselves about the lead in our community," because it's with our kids, you feel me? 839. 839 is right here. Yeah, it's vacant. Yeah. Look at this -- peeling off the wall. You get a shot of this in here? Look at that shit. Look at that. It's just hanging. You look at a city block, and out of 20 homes, 18 of them are abandoned. It's intense. It is. It's intense. Should some of the responsibility for making sure that this place becomes lead-free fall on the developer or the city or both? I think it's both. Right, it goes back to accountability and oversight, but then the other part is, who are you supposed to, essentially, like, hold to the fire to ensure that they're doing the things that they're supposed to do? Very layered. Multilayered. Just layers to our oppression. Lord. I'm extremely fired up right now after spending today in Baltimore and seeing what's happening here in these streets. My brain wants to explode when I think about the effects of lead. Makes me want to ask the government and the Housing Department, "Why in the would you want to consciously keep poisoning our communities?" I'm past pissed off. I'm in action mode right now. Record your message after the tone. This is Michael K. Williams trying to get in contact with Dr. Ben Carson's office one more time. I'll try you back a little later. Thank you. I'm tired of waiting for them, so we are on our way to Dr. Ben Carson's office in Washington, D.C., to come and speak to them about the lead situation in Baltimore. First, I'm gonna stop by and pick up my boy Mustafa. Hopefully we can get a solution. When communities are powerless, when communities are poor, they will get the short end of the stick time and time again. Make no mistake, it is all by design. We found a lack of regulation and enforcement when it comes to protecting children from lead. We were surprised to learn that the federal government is aware of lead in homes that it rents to the poor, but it has a policy of waiting until a child is harmed... ...before it gets the lead out. Not only are communities being exposed to toxic amounts of lead, governments are not cleaning it up. We need to make more investments here to make sure that people are not being exposed. We know how to find lead paint and lead in soil and lead in water. We know how to cut that exposure. This is not a hopeless situation. This can be fixed. The solution to this problem really is embedded in money. If we invested in the homes in America that have the highest lead hazards where children live, we would save, in five years, over $250 billion that we spend on after-the-fact care for poisoned children today. Intentional damage was done to black neighborhoods. So if we're not interested in repairing those neighborhoods, then there's no way we can alter the trajectories of the people that live in these redlined communities. We often hear, "Man, removing the lead paint is complicated, it's difficult, very expensive." It would cost a lot of money, and we could have done it nationwide many times over rather than give $1.8 trillion to the wealthiest Americans and corporations. They have different economic priorities. What's up, man? What's up, brother? How you doing, man? Trying to be like me. How are you, brother? Yeah, man. Blessed. Blessed. Congratulations to you, brother, on all your accolades, brother, and the work you do -- real talk. I'm just overwhelmed, you know, by everything that's been going on. You know, me coming to Baltimore and learning about the lead situation in the soil and in the water there, needless to say, I'm a little stimulated. So we know that in our country about, you know, hundreds of thousands of kids are being impacted by lead, and we are being disproportionately impacted. I often say that it's almost like economic and environmental apartheid which is happening inside of our communities. In communities of color, your zip code determines how long you will actually live, what you will be exposed to. Lead will lay dormant in the bone marrow of the female and will release upon pregnancy. Mm. I just found this out yesterday. We are doomed from conception. That's just real talk, and that's why, one, there has to be more education, but, two, we got to hold people accountable. When they talk about cutting the lead program, they are doing a huge disservice because you are literally using people's tax dollars to poison them. When you have an administration like the Trump administration right now that is cutting resources at EPA in relationship to lead, cutting resources in relationship to HUD, then you have to ask yourself, "Why would you do that if you know that we have this problem that's going on?" We got to hold people accountable. Secretary Carson has the responsibility as the lead for the president to make sure that everything is flowing properly. We had been in communication with his office prior to coming up here, but then, all of a sudden, they just went MIA on us. So we have to talk about accountability and find out, you know, what's his plan to eradicate the lead problem. And so let's go knock on his door and see what he says. Let's get at him. Yeah, man. When we get in there, what should we say? I would talk to him about the disproportionality of what's going on. What are you specifically gonna do for these communities of color who are the ones who are being hit first and worst by what's going on? It's not like it's out of their reach to do it, right? That's correct. Without a doubt, they can fix this problem. They just have to make the determination that these lives are worth investing in. NBC News investigation revealing that under the Trump administration and HUD Secretary Ben Carson, the number of families living in squalid conditions in federally subsidized housing has risen significantly. Ben Carson, as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development -- I mean, you think about these issues with lead, the buck stops with him. As a neurosurgeon in Baltimore for years, Dr. Carson saw the effects of lead poisoning in children that he treated. Dr. Carson, you are a highly accomplished doctor. We spoke at length about the implications of lead and lead poisoning on our children, and I just ask you to commit today that you will make sure that HUD resources are dedicated to dramatically reducing the number of public housing units where lead is a problem. I can assure you that I will. The question isn't whether Ben Carson can stop it. The question is whether Ben Carson is willing to do anything to stop it at all. Two new government reports reveal that the Department of Housing and Urban Development has systematically failed in its responsibility to oversee both inspections of public housing with potential lead paint problems and also remove the lead paint that they find. Dr. Ben Carson took a Hippocratic Oath to become a doctor. That oath says, "Do no harm." His inaction is doing harm. The Department of Housing and Urban Development just revealed it's making Affordable Housing Work Act, and it would require people who get housing assistance to pay more for rent. Folks have to be very focused on who is in these political offices and to make sure that they are being held accountable for the decisions that are being made, because they actually have real impacts in people's lives. HUD spent $31,000 on a new dining set for Secretary Ben Carson's office. While cuts were being made in services for Americans... For programs to the homeless and elderly and poor. ...money was spent freely on furniture and decor. I would love it if we had unlimited money. We could just go up and down the street and remediate every house. It is HUD's job to help end housing discrimination. That's what the law said. You said you would enforce these laws. You haven't, and I think that's the scandal that should get you fired. My grandmother used to have this saying. She said that, "When you know better, do better." So I hope that Secretary Carson will do better. I think that the powers that be -- the Carsons and the HUDs -- that every one of those facilities, those institutions, they all have a hand in it. All right, let's do this. Hello. How are you? Good afternoon. Who are you here to see today, sir? We're trying to see Dr. Ben Carson. Yesterday was National Lead Awareness Day. Mm-hmm. So we want to talk to him about the lead situations going on in Baltimore. We're gonna take care of you, okay? Thanks so much, ma'am. I want to say to him, "Mr. Carson, did you know that there's a lead problem and that it's fixable? Most importantly, you can help fix the whole **** thing. Did you know that, Mr. Carson?" Hi. We're with the Office of Public Affairs. We've been talking to the production company but were not aware that... That would be her. Hi! Hi. My name is Andrena Hale. Nice to meet you.Hi. Amy Thompson. Hi. I'm Raffi Williams. Raffi! You and I have been going back and forth. I know, yes. I know we've been going back and forth, but I didn't realize you were coming today. I worked inside the federal government at all levels. I've seen sometimes the "okeydoke" that happens. We'd like to, you know, see if we can schedule something else, later. Is there any way you can schedule something later on today? Unfortunately not. No, he's booked. You can't just look me in the face and say that you didn't know we were coming. I think maybe they felt a little embarrassed. We're so sorry that this is the case because we were looking forward to sitting down with you guys. Okay. Thank you again. We're awfully sorry.Sorry. That was interesting just now. They know that they went dark on our e-mails and our phone calls. If we stay on them, talk to the people who have the power, we can begin the accountability process. Sometimes our elected officials forget that people are paying your salary and taking time off to be able to find some common ground and have that hard conversation about the things that are happening inside of our communities, and we have the right and responsibility to hold our elected officials accountable for the decisions that are being made. The people are tired of being lied to and feeling like they don't matter. I believe that, at the end of the day, it's about dollars and cents. So, Mr. Carson, come up off them dollars, and let's get this lead poisoning out of our community. This week is Lead Poisoning Prevention Week, and we are joined this morning by Ruth Ann Norton, the C.E.O. of Green & Healthy Homes Initiative. This week, it's all about awareness, right, with this program? It is. The only cure is prevention. A $4 million grant project called the Green & Healthy Home Initiative in Baltimore will cover lead hazard control in 230 homes. We have our public health organizations. We have our schools. We have our landlords. All of these folks play a role, also, in helping to make sure that our children are protected. All health departments across the state of Maryland are all dedicated to lead hazard reduction. The Baltimore City Health Department is holding free screenings promoting lead-free kids for a healthy future. Community members themselves have to help reduce the exposures, making sure they get the proper care. There is a great need for these children to be evaluated. We have to get checked for lead poisoning, all of us. In Maryland, there are many children at risk who have not been previously tested. Test your children and learn how to prevent the health effects of lead paint. What we should be doing is repairing black neighborhoods, deeply allocating resources in them, and that's the way that we can actually make black lives matter. My daughter Korryn, she had a lead level of 22. That's what motivated me to come out because we know the damage it can do. And I want to make sure my family is healthy. Oh, hey! The federal government needs to do more. The city of Baltimore, it has to do better. With my grandchildren, I've been vigilant about putting them in safe environments, but, you know, sometimes, certain things you're just exposed to. You may not even ever know. I used to tear a room up trying to get blood from you when you were a kid. Pretty bad. Samara -- her lead level was reported as being below detection limit. Joli -- her lead level, as well, was below the detection limit. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's a never-ending roller coaster, missing my daughter. But now I can reach back and try to reach other mothers because I just really, really want people to take this lead poisoning seriously because the lead damage to the brain, you can't undo it. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 