Finding Justice: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Finding Justice 
 s1e5 - Police Brutality - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Finding Justice (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Police Brutality - full transcript 
 As activists from across the Twin Cities unite to fight against police brutality, the first Black Police Chief in the history of Minneapolis pushes to reform his department in the wake of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Police one, we're 1097. We've got a 303. That looks like a bad dude, too. U.S. police is nearly three times as likely to kill a black person than they are a white person. Shots fired! That's just kind of the reality that we all deal with. The experiences of black folks and police are not new. It's a tale as old as time. We can get shot with no weapons on us, with hands up. Unfortunately, that's just being a black person in America. God, you just killed my boyfriend! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Society is set up to make black people the villain. Get in the car! Get in the car! The system makes sure that officers are shielded and protected when they are accused of misconduct. We can do better, but we still have a lot of work to do. Police accountability is a process that we might be engaged in for the rest of our lives. They're hurting us every day, and there's no consequences behind it. That's a problem. And in order for us to experience change, we're gonna have to go out and take it. - This was on Mother's Day. - Yes. - Came to bring you flowers. - Yes, he did. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Yeah. - Outside the house. Yes, he did. We had a really big family. Jamar was the baby. Everybody loved Jamar. Everybody loved Jamar. He always talked about living a prosperous life, So, yeah, he had dreams, you know, if they would've not took his chances away. Can we stop for a minute, please? Around about, I want to say 1 o'clock, I got a call. And I heard my daughter bawling. And I'm like, "What is the matter? What is the matter?" And some guy got on the phone. He was like, "Do you have a son named Jamar?" And I'm like, "Yeah." He's like, "Ma'am, I think he just got shot." Get back! I dropped the phone and just started screaming. And my husband was there, and he was like, "Come on, baby. Let's go. Let's just go over, and see what's going on." Papa? Mama? Don't shoot Jamar! So, we jumped in the car, and we go over there, and all we see is lights everywhere, police lights everywhere. And all I hear are people saying, "They killed him. They killed him. They killed him." - Now, just stand back! - ...you. Now, just stand back! In Minneapolis, a controversial police shooting. Police shot a man in North Minneapolis on Sunday morning. 24-year-old Jamar Clark was shot and killed. Clark was unarmed, but police say he tried to grab an officer's gun during a struggle. The outrage sparked after some witnesses say the man was in handcuffs when he was shot. Which police deny. The subject was not in handcuffs at the time of this, but that is part of the active investigation. People are outraged. People saw it. We got a little kid, 6, 18 years old who witnessed it. That man was shot in cold blood when he had his hands behind his back. That's not right. This community is grieving right now, and we're demanding accountability. We're demanding answers. I'm okay. I'm okay. - What do we want? - Justice. - For who? - Jamar. - What do we want? - Justice. We're one bullet away from Ferguson. That bullet was fired last night. Our blood is leaking on the pavement! Everybody who got a sister or a brother or a child or got black skin in this community should be standing here! We need justice today! We need this officer prosecuted! If you think Jamar Clark is the reason why all these people are upset, you have another thing coming. It's not just that one incident. It's historical incidents over and over and over again. Stand up and say, "Enough is enough!" Eighty-nine-nine KMOJ... What's your name, girl Yeah Welcome to another episode of "Community Value Conversation." I'm your host, Al Flowers. And we going to have a conversation of dealing with police and equality and justice, and I'm going to get right into it. Dr. Phil, you've been working. Tell the community who you are, and what you've been working on. So, I am bald. I have a PhD in psychology, but I'm not that Dr. Phil, right? I'm Phillip Atiba Goff. I'm a professor, which means I'm a professional nerd, and I run the Center for Policing Equity. Center for Policing Equity works with police departments all over the country. We're the folks who do the implicit-bias trainings to help them be less lethal and less racist. I am the guy that they bring in front of Congress when they want the expert on race in policing. But if you ask me what I'm doing here today, what I'm doing here amongst all y'all, I'm just getting angry. I'm angry because I got no business needing to be here if folks would've listened to black folks all along. - Amen. - Mm-hmm. Racism and race are political systems. They're ways of distributing power and resources. In policing, they exploit a racist system, and that's always been how it's been. The culture climate in the Twin Cities, I think it always feels a little bit fraught. When people are like, "Minneapolis is a hot, new place," or, "Minneapolis is a top city for this or that," they're actually only talking about white people. It's a different experience for black and brown communities here. Minneapolis is one of the cities with the highest racial disparities, period. The relationship between the police and us is strained. The black community has been terribly impacted by the homicides of black men in the Twin Cities. The police here are the most murderous in the country. It really causes people to question the system. Historically, we've caused a lot of harm to communities of color just because of their race. We must change as an organization for the community, but we still have a lot of work to do. When I was a child on the streets of Minnesota, they used to take black boys down to the bridge on the river, Plymouth and Broadway, and beat us down there. That led to a beating downtown of a 14-year-old black girl in 1966, which led to the first rebellion. We are one of the only cities that had had five rebellions that were police-started. I sit here today as a person that fought police brutality for 54 years. Also, it was said in the '60s that, if you really want to shoot black people legally and not go to jail, go join the police department. So, the Klan begin to join. The Nazis begin to join. The skinheads begin to join. Aryan Race begin to join. So, when you're looking at that policeman with a badge, he might be them at the same time. Some officers abuse their power. Police officers have always done this because the system allows institutionalized racism... Get on the ground now! Get on the ground! ...to make sure that officers are shielded and protected when they are accused of misconduct. The police, sometimes, the more things change, the more they stay the same. When you look at the beginnings and inceptions of the police department, it came out of slavery. Policing emerged in the United States to protect white privilege. We do often think of slave patrol as being among the first police forces on this continent. When emancipation came, we replaced the word "slave" with "criminal," and we criminalized black people. Even though slavery had been abolished, there were new laws that could be used to incarcerate black people. We had the formation of these armed militias organized to exercise control over emancipated black people. And the modern police function was very much integrated with that historical control function. It was the police, batons, and billy clubs, and dogs. They were the face of opposition to racial integration. Thinking of the role police played during the Jim Crow era, the role was to control a community. And that history of control is what we see today. Don't. Do not. We really should not even have this kind of police system, because this is a system that was created out of white supremacy. When you have a history that has anti-black racism embedded in it, how do you reconcile that? Today, the purpose of the police is to make sure we're safe, to protect us. And there are some good officers who want to protect and want to serve. But the system does what the system was meant to do, and it's always been that way. Put your hands on the car, or I'm going to shoot you in your head. You understand me? We see time and time again that policing disproportionately murders black folks. Get on the ground! You all think it's cool to kill black people, and then get on paid leave? - Answer that. - Do you think that's cool? No answer. And the racism is structural. And if you want something else, you need to design a different system. African Americans, we go through this mental checklist, I think, getting pulled over by the police like, "All right. Am I being safe enough to not get shot?" I think most police officers recognize me, but how I am treated is suspect first, or criminal first. I've seen white people get pulled over by the police, and hop out of the car, and walk right up to the police car, and say, "Why the are you pulling me over?" And you always say, "Oh, if that person was black, they would've shot him by now." Can you imagine me, as a black man, behaving that way with an officer? And how many times can black people get murdered for doing nothing different than what someone white can do before you get numb with rage, and hoping that it doesn't happen to you or one of your friends? After Jamar was killed, we actually had a rally at the 4th Precinct, which is just, like, 2 blocks away from where Jamar was killed. Folks took the space, thinking that we would be arrested almost immediately, and we weren't arrested for 18 days. So, we stayed out there for 18 days. The crowd swelled into the hundreds. Quickly set up shop outside MPD's nearby 4th Precinct headquarters. We reiterate that we have zero faith in this police department. We don't trust the police to investigate what happened last night! They are calling this "an occupation." Come outside! Come outside! It's clear these demonstrators are not going anywhere. - Hands up! - Don't shoot! Protesters demanding justice for Jamar, bringing traffic on 94 to a halt for hours. Today, the BCA released the names of the two officers involved. We just want people to remain calm, let the investigation be completed, And we're very confident that the officer's actions will prove to be justified. Will two Minneapolis police officers be criminally charged in the shooting death of Jamar Clark? The Hennepin County Attorney's Office has concluded that criminal charges are not warranted against either Officer Mark Ringgenberg or Officer Dustin Schwarze. Police Union says he was reaching for an officer's gun. Protesters want to see video to prove what happened. You didn't talk about the fact that he was violently slammed from behind by a police officer after you led everyone to believe that Jamar Clark was the aggressor. We're still going to continue to fight for justice. It's not right. They murdered my son. You know, it's trendy to blame the police for everything right now. That's the sad reality. Bottom line is, our officers respond to things that they're sent to, and have to take action. They're trained to shoot until the threat ends. If people didn't fight, run, resist, force would never be used. Comply with what you're told to do, and be alive to complain later. We're a society that's been socialized to believe in and trust the police. How many TV shows can you think of that have police in them that are flawed but heroic? Maybe you should be a little more afraid of me than you are right now. One of the things we're taught to think about with police is that there's good cops and bad cops, and we have to weed out the bad apples. It's not about good cops and bad cops. That is not the problem, and when we define that as the problem, then we are lost. The unarmed black behavioral therapist shot by police on the streets of Miami. The state is allowed to murder citizens, and therein lies the problem. We've devolved the power to take a life down to the individual. We don't have a system by which we can check whether it's the right thing to do or the wrong thing to do. There are officers who just see black people as a threat -- armed, unarmed, young, old. It doesn't matter, because there's no accountability. The only recourse is after the fact. And as we've seen time and time again, rarely ever do police who kill people get held accountable. The things that go wrong after these shootings are the cost of the problems we didn't solve before them. Phil was a father to Deana in every way, from helping Deana with her homework to picking out her clothes. Is it fresh? Is it hot? Yeah, it's really good. He never missed none of her birthdays. He was a good, warm-hearted person. He was loved and respected by everybody. That day, it was just like any normal day. It was July 6th. It was a hot summer day. It was so hot. But we had went to the grocery store to go get ice cream, all that good stuff. And we get pulled over. And I'm like, "We weren't doing anything illegal." Hello, sir. Good. How are you? Good. The reason I pulled you over, your brake lights are out. So, you only have one active brake light, and that's going to be your passenger-side one, your third brake light, which is up here on the top? Do you have your license and insurance? Okay. Don't reach for it, then. Don't pull it out. God, you just killed my boyfriend! He wasn't reach -- He wasn't reaching. Don't pull it out! - He wasn't. - Don't move! Oh, man, I can't believe you did that. - Don't move! - Don't move, baby. Code three! Get the baby! Get out of here! I still, to this day, have no idea how Diamond was able to film the love of her life die on camera... He's licensed. He's carried. So, he has a license to carry. ...but also knowing that her daughter was witnessing it. and his wallet out his pocket, and he let the officer know. Told him not to reach for it! I told him to get his hand out! He had -- You told him to get his I.D., sir, his driver's license. Oh, my God, please don't tell me my boyfriend just went like that. Keep your hands where they are, please. Yes, I will, sir. I'll keep my hands where they are. I literally do not understand how she pulled that off, and... Exit now! ...if we have to pick up a phone to share an atrocity, I pray that we are able to use it in a way that actually gives us and brings us justice. Get on your knees. Get on your knees. Please, don't tell me he's gone. Please, Jesus, no! Please, no! Don't tell me he's gone, no! It's okay. I'm right here with you. I was in fear for my daughter's safety, because she was so little. I didn't know if she was gonna make it, or if I was gonna make it. I love coming to your school recitals. We're going to be dancing to "Crunchy Leaves." But I just knew that, if either one of us was to die in that car, someone would have known what happened. And that's why I went live. The guy challenged, though, as to say, "But the jury made the wrong decision." Now, that's an absolute moronic statement. My son would never jeopardize anyone else's life by trying to pull a gun on a officer, And the gun was not fire-ready, and I am so very, very, very, very, very, very disappointed in the system here in the state of Minnesota. Because nowhere in the world do you die from being honest and telling the truth. My son loved this city, and this city killed my son! The shooting last summer sparked weeks of protest, and flared racial tensions. Tonight, a heightened police presence as Officer Yanez has been found "not guilty." The rally turned to a march, hundreds first headed down University Avenue. Police say the protest became a riot. What do we got to do to make it stop? Will it get worse before it gets better? I mean, we need some help. Philando Castile, to me, represents one of several dozen breaking points. We're at a crisis point in America. Cameras were supposed to be our saving grace. Remember that? It was like, "Well, we got to get cameras. We need this evidence to show what's going on," right? Then, Eric Garner gets killed, gets choked out on camera. I can't breathe. Then, we see Alton Serling, we see Philando Castile, all killed on camera. It's getting to the point where you forget the names. If you tried to make a T-shirt with all the names, you wouldn't have enough cloth. The world has been told, subconsciously and consciously, to fear and hate the black man. Policemen are no different. Everyone is influenced by the bias created in this country, by this presumption of dangerousness and guilt that gets assigned to black and brown people. We can define implicit bias as those beliefs and feelings that we have about social groups, and a lot of it has to do with fear, even when we're not conscious of it. What happens in the media, and in American consciousness, it has everything to do with the representation of so many black people as criminal, as deviant, as inherently inferior. We make monsters out of people. It's been reinforced all over again. They are on the lookout for a black male... - Black male... - Black male, armed robbery suspect. They are not looking for any additional suspects at this time. People don't see our inherent humanity. They see black people, and are fearful of us, and they move towards exterminating us instead of taking that extra second to be like, "Oh, you're also a human being." Black men are stereotyped as criminal, So, if my job is to always be on the lookout for criminals, and then I get a description that includes race, that makes it really easy for the stereotypes to guide my behavior. When you put a police officer in a foreign land, like the hood, he doesn't know this culture. He's already on guard. And that leads to overenforcement on folks who are not appropriate targets. So, whether you're a good cop or not, the country that raised you has trained you to be suspicious, to fear people who look like me. So, the question for me is, what are we going to do to change the system? Here in Minneapolis, news that the city has a new police chief. This morning, the City Council approved Medaria Arradondo. He makes history as the first African American police chief for the city. The new chief said he recognizes that the city is in pain, but that he's up for the challenge to begin healing. I find it difficult, at times, for me, being the first African American chief of this organization, But I don't want people to think that just because you have a diverse police department that the conditions that your community has been experiencing for decades on decades is going to magically change for the better. I don't believe that's the case. So... This is the third anniversary week in terms of the Jamar Clark shooting, so... If police officers act in a way that violates the public trust in Minneapolis... ...justice for Jamar... ...our communities will also look at it through that lens. We just want a real change. We want these violent cops prosecuted by... The shooting death of Jamar Clark has had trauma in our community. For some reason, cops get to get another job when they kill someone. That impacts us. Black people being murdered by the MPD! We have to hold our agencies, this institution, this profession accountable. We are still here, 3 years later, fighting for justice for Jamar. These officer-involved shootings, because we are continuing to operate at a deficit of trust, it's important for me to provide leadership in the transformational change and culture change that this department needs. This week marks 3 years since Minneapolis Police shot and killed Jamar Clark. Fresh balloons and flowers blanket a tree on Plymouth Avenue North, featuring the face of a man who has sparked a movement. Today, several groups kicked off action, including Twin Cities Coalition for Justice 4 Jamar. We want to see justice for victims of police violence. Only the people can hold cops accountable. Prosecute killer cops. Regardless of how cold it is out here, we out here. We have our boots on the ground, and we're fighting for the police to be held accountable. We demand justice. Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Activism is the portal for actually creating change. Every day we wake up, black folks should be fighting for the freedom of black people. We become remarkable when we fight for freedom, when we fight for justice. Police department... When Black Lives Matter started, it was very important for us to disrupt. Ain't no power like the power of the people, because the power of the people don't stop! We are going to sit on your freeways, and not allow you to go to work. No justice, no peace! That is a part of a long legacy of black people disrupting so that our needs get met. When black lives matter, all lives will matter, because black lives matter least in our society. St. Paul Police is now the 11th deadliest police department in the nation. They are the deadliest in the state. We want accountability. That's why we have folks fighting in Minneapolis. So, here, in the home of Philando Castile, in the home of Jamar Clark, if we don't stand up, it will continue. The point of having actions is to create awareness. People need to know that people are being killed by police unjustly. As long as you're killing black people, we are going to make this country ungovernable. If the police are going to shut down lives, then we will shut down the streets. We will shut down the highways. We will shut down the trains. We will shut down the city. Stop. Stop the train! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! Black lives matter! It's time for a change. It's time for you guys to stop hurting our families. We deserve justice! Our lives matter, too! We got a intimate group today, so that's good. All right, folks. Let's go ahead and get started. Minneapolis is not extraordinary for wanting implicit-bias training. Lots of places want the training. Minneapolis is extraordinary for taking the training seriously. We have to think about data differently. You've been preaching that, and it so... The men and women who are in this department, I want our character to be on point. Rondo has said, "We need this across the board. I want this in every new policy. I want this in every division." And he cares more about doing right by the communities that are most vulnerable than doing right by anybody else. You are going to be teaching people how to see and anticipate things, how to manage their minds in a tactical way. Building trust, it never happens fast enough, but Chief Arradondo is trying to make change for the better. The training isn't just about, "Hey, take these 8 hours. Now, go not be racist." That would be an absurd theory of change. The training is about a set of tools that you have to put into practice. If we imagine that cops are sometimes racist, this is use of force across 12 cities. You guys notice any patterns here? Black bar is the highest bar. And what most people will say is, "Therefore, cops are racist." What else could be going on, other than cops are racist? When you look at a crime, 90% of our victims are people of color, people in poverty. And traditionally, how you do policing, you go overpolice those neighborhoods, so you have a disproportionate number of those people arrested. So, we're talking about years and years of minority communities being mistreated by the police. We have to be able to trust with the community, because if you doing the right thing, communities will trust you. There are a few police chiefs who are willing to do something to deter bad behavior. But here's the deal -- unless we're gonna actually start valuing the lives of these young black men that are being killed, then none of that matters, right? I get really concerned when I hear people offering implicit bias as the solution to police violence, because it doesn't take into account the full scope of the problem. How many more people need to die before we realize that this goes deeper than a single police officer? How many more campaigns, how many more hashtags, how many more broken hearts? You can't fix a culture with a training. A training is a really weak tool for that. What you can do is be part of a broader shift, But if you're not committed to the broader shift, a training is gonna be a Band-Aid. I think the work to do implicit bias inside of police departments and trainings is all critically important. But until more people are fired, until more people are held accountable by the system, we won't get the type of progress that we fully need. We have lots of flaws, and we will never be the country we envision ourselves to be unless we recognize it. Institutionalized racism, biases start at the top. They have transformed peaceful parks and beautiful, quiet neighborhoods... into blood-stained killing fields. They're animals. And when you see these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon, you just see them thrown in rough. I said, "Please... don't... be... too.. nice." I1'm going to shoot you in your head. Would you call that "implicit bias"? Well, the people on the receiving end of it would call it "explicit bias." You cannot talk about implicit bias with that in the White House. - So, good morning, everyone. - Morning, sir. Those of you who don't me, I'm Deputy Chief Art Knight, Chief of Staff with Chief Arradondo. We have to do better, because, historically, we have to be honest. We've caused a lot of harm. We've caused a lot of mistrust. Sometimes, we have to pay for the sins of our father, and we have not always done that in policing. so, we have to do something about building trust with communities with this training, here. We all have biases. Everyone in this room have biases, But we have to control our biases better. We have to be professional. I don't know if we'll ever solve this matter of race in this country, but I know not talking about it and avoiding it, we are not gonna make any progress. And you have to be aware of the demographics for the city you live in, and who we arrest. It's very important to make sure that the men and women who are in this department now, make sure that they're proving themselves with the community. Are you stopping somebody because of their behavior, or are you just stopping them because of your own implicit biases? We haven't earned that trust yet, and we have to earn that. When I speak to minority communities, I often say that, if you have issue or angst with the police department, and the service you're receiving, join the police department. Because when young black people say, "F the police. I don't want to be the police officer," that's exactly what the white ones want you to say. There is hope, because Rondo understands this is our problem. We're gonna solve it. This is about us giving validation to communities that were too long ignored or invalidated. And that could change the way that policing is done. That's nothing but a win for everybody. When we screw up, we have to say we screwed up, and learn from that, so we don't have another Philando Castile incident that happens. It's been a nightmare ever since. It's been hard to sleep. It's been hard trying to regain myself, my sanity, my peace. People try to make me feel bad about livestreaming. Even now, to this day, I don't know if I could've did more, if I would've did more, because I feel like I did everything I could've did. But sometimes, you know how you get the feeling in in the back of your head, like, "What if? What if? What if?" If you could say one thing to somebody that you love that you can't see every day, what would you say? "I miss you." "I miss you." Aww. Who you miss? Phil. You miss Phil? I miss him, too. I miss him all the time. I would not have made it this far had it would've been for Deana making sure that I stay strong. Race you. Okay! - Who do we want justice for? - Jamar! - Who? - Jamar! Police brutality that's happening in Minneapolis is happening everywhere across the country. - Who do we want justice for? - Jamar! In order to have some sort of accountability, we have to get up and fight. First of all, I just want to thank everybody for coming. It's been 3 years, and the crowd gets bigger and bigger. And this is sending out a message that we're not just gonna sit down on this, that we want justice, and we're gonna get justice. Yes, ma'am! Amen! What's gonna give me some peace is to get some things changed. Let's continue to stand together. - Wake up! - Let's come all together, you guys. Amen! One thing that we can say that we have in common is that we have that undescribable urge to continue in this work. You're going to see us 100 years from now. We're here to stay, But we cannot do this alone, and we should not do this alone. We need community. Like we have done so many generations leading up to now, we have to be loud and strong and never give up until the change comes. The whole damn system is guilty as hell! It's not just about what you stand for. It's about who you sit with and why. And it needs to be committed to a greater purpose. If good people fight together and mobilize to hold those in power accountable, we have the power to change the course of this country. Sometimes, I get tired! I don't want to be out here! Sometimes, I get frustrated! I'm tired of begging for my humanity! But God said, "I called you!" And when you see those people who are continuously out in places over and over and over again, even though they don't want to be, even though they can't see why they there, it's because God chose them, and they accepted that calling. You can't stop! We won't stop and think, "I quit. I ain't doing this no more!" And you find yourself at the next protest! You find yourself at the next city-council meeting, at the next state-capital meeting, even though everything in you don't want to do it no more! By God, and because God chose you, you have got to continue to stand. You got to continue to fight. You got to continue to do what God has called you to do. We can't just fight when we go to a march or when we share a tweet. The fight has to happen when we're at home with our friends, watching television, and we're seeing negative depictions of people of color. We have to fight when we are driving down the street, and we see someone else pulled over, and we know that there's something about it that makes you feel uncomfortable in your chest. We have to be brave enough to pull over, too. It's creating a landscape that says, "We will not stand for this. We will not tolerate this, and we will not shut up or sit down until it stops." The whole dang system is guilty as hell! What lead poison is doing here in Baltimore, it's devastating. It's a whole generation of people being poisoned. She had a lead level of 22. It can stunt IQ. It can stunt brain development. We want to educate ourselves about the lead in our community. I'm in action mode, right now. The federal government is literally using people's tax dollars to poison them. And I think that's... I don't -- I'll move on Mr. Carson. I accept your lack of knowledge. If this was white children, it would be solved immediately. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 