Finding Justice: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Finding Justice 
 s1e2 - Cash Bail - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Finding Justice (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Cash Bail - full transcript 
 Named after a debtors' prison and run like a vestige of slavery-era Missouri, the St. Louis jail known as the Workhouse has become the focal point for St. Louis activists. The Bail Project ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I mean, I think the Stand-Your-Ground law is to protect scared-ass white folk who encounter black people who kick their ass for that bullshit they be kicking. You know what I'm saying? "I can shoot you now and say I was scared for my life, even though I came over here **** with you in the first place." There is a reality in America that unarmed black men are being killed unnecessarily. Breaking news update to a deadly shooting -- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A father shot in front of -- If racism and manufactured fear is the gunpowder, then "Stand Your Ground" is the match. Why is it okay for you to use your fear as an excuse for murder? The Florida Stand-Your-Ground law, it says, in part, "A person is justified in the use of deadly force"... "If there's a reasonable belief it's needed to prevent death or great bodily harm." In other words, if you think someone's gonna hurt you, if you even thinkit, you can defend yourself with a gun. Stand-Your-Ground laws encourage the sort of vigilante, wild wild West, wannabe cop sort of culture. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I carry a gun because a cop is too heavy. Stand Your Ground is subjective in its application. It's never applied fairly or equally. White people are more likely to get off whenthey kill a black person. The NRA profits from a culture that fears black people. From my cold, dead hands. - Say no! - Say no! - No Stand Your Ground! - No Stand Your Ground! We have to say, "No, this is not justice." Not just in Florida, but across the other states that have adopted Stand Your Ground. This is something that's gonna take perseverance. Repealing Stand Your Ground is as critical as life and death. He took my son's life. He killed my husband in cold blood. I am so broken. I had Markeis when I was a senior in high school. It was a unexpected pregnancy. As he was growing up, he had a lot of dreams to do a lot of big things. I think he really wanted to be a father more than anything. And once he had those kids, I mean, the glow on Markeis' face was just undescribable. Markeis was my only son. You have to sacrifice certain things for your family, and that's what I call a man. Your purpose in life is to make your kids' life better than yours was coming up, so we used to have a lot of deep conversations about stuff like that. And we also used to have conversations about afterlife. I always thought that he'll be the one burying me. But, um... in this case, I was the one burying him. News alert out of Pinellas County -- Another shooting, this one in Clearwater at a Circle Food store located on -- We do know that one man was shot, and another person here at the scene was detained. At this point, we do not know what happened here. We know that it happened at the Circle A Foods... What happened on July 19th? Probably about 3:25, and I was -- just hopped in the car, I was going down the street, and my phone rung. I saw his girlfriend Britany's name, and I'm thinking to myself, "Britany don't usually call me unless there's something wrong." So when I picked up the phone, you know, I just heard her crying frantically, just crying. And she told me, she was like, you know, "You need to get up here to the store. Markeis has been shot." From the video that I saw? We had a wannabe cop come up to a mother and her kids in the car, confront the mother in front of her kids about parking in the handicap spot, knowing that he was armed. Markeis comes out the store and did exactly what I taught him to do -- Stand up for your family. Protect your family at all costs. Michael Drejka hits the floor, pulls out his gun, shot him in the chest. 911. What is the address of the emergency? The Circle Food store on Sunset Point. Someone just got shot point blank. Where's the person with the gun? Looks like we may be getting multiple calls on this. Hello? - Hello! I need help now! - Okay. Where are you? - I need help now! Okay. Breaking news update to a deadly shooting -- A father shot in front of his son. Shot and killed right in front of his son. This all started with a fight over a parking space. He had to shoot to defend himself. You know, and those are the facts, and that's the law. The sheriff, Bob Gualtieri, he did his press conference the next day and basically said that, you know, it was a Stand-Your-Ground case. Markeis McGlockton wouldn't be dead unless Markeis McGlockton slammed this guy to the ground. You know, and that was his decision. Nothing that Bob Gualtieri does surprises me. He regularly looks for excuses to blame black people for their own deaths. Before Stand Your Ground, a case like this probably would have a different outcome. Does this law create a situation potentially where people shoot first and ask questions later? Well, you can have that discussion. If a black guy shot a white guy like that, do you know how quickly that same sheriff would have arrested him? The same law that got Zimmerman off. At that point in time, was there the possibility of imminent serious bodily injury or death of Drejka that justified the use of deadly force? - I don't think so. - Should he have pushed the guy? No, you shouldn't push the guy anyway. You should have had a conversation to begin with. That doesn't mean you should be murdered. Right there. Boom. Right there is the question, right? The question that I ask as I watch that, "Is the sheriff's analysis incorrect, or is the law at fault?" This follows a long line of these alleged Stand-Your-Ground murderers. Mr. McGlockton is not here with his family, but Mr. Drejka is walking around the streets of Clearwater, free as a bird. There was a lot of organizations that just started reaching out to us, had their own private protests, just to try to let everybody know that this isn't right, especially the fact that this guy was still walking around. He did not have to walk up and act like the handicap rent-a-cop. We all just want to see justice. This man should be arrested. He should not be home laying in his bed. Dozens came out to Circle Food Store this afternoon. No justice! They're angry about what happened here Thursday night. I said, if we don't get no justice! - You don't get no peace! - I said, if we don't get -- Our first and foremost priority was, "How do we really uplift and support the family's demands for justice?" And the most immediate thing is that they want to see Michael Drejka arrested and charged in the death of, you know, of a father, of a son, of a community member who's important to a lot of people. And I'm so happy that all of you are here today to take a stand for what's right and to take a stand against racism. - Whoo! - Yeah! I feel the movement against Stand Your Ground is increasing every time that we have a killing, per se. We have more and more people calling out for changes. We need to show this family that we are not going to quit until this matter is done. We're going to repeal Stand Your Ground! The parents of Trayvon Martin, civil rights attorneys, and five Democratic candidates for governor demand Gualtieri arrest Michael Drejka. Despite the rallies and the protests, the sheriff has not wavered from his position -- My job is is to follow the law, and I'm gonna follow the law. Pinellas County investigators now turning over all of their evidence to the state attorney. The pressure just kept staying on, and I don't think they expected that. I'm asking Governor Rick Scott to declare a state of emergency and suspend this law through executive order. - Justice for Markeis! - Justice for Markeis! Today's rally was by far the largest turnout we've seen. Hundreds gathered here in the Circle A Food Store parking lot, protest -- - What do we do? - Stand up! Fight back! - Enough is enough! - Enough is enough! It was just sort of unrelenting between when Markeis was murdered and when Michael Drejka was arrested. Florida prosecutors announced a manslaughter charge against Michael Drejka Monday. Tonight, Michael Drejka is in jail, charged with manslaughter, and is now being held on $100,000 bail. He could be arraigned Tuesday on a manslaughter charge that carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison. Why do black families have to protest? Why do we have to write letters to the state attorney? Why do we have to do all that just to get an arrest? We pay taxes just like everybody else do. Why do we have to do that? We shouldn't have to do that. I'm Lysa Clifton, and I'm gonna get a not guilty for Michael Drejka. The ink's still fresh on this paper signed by Michael Drejka retaining defense attorney Lysa Clifton. Clifton says she just showed up to the jail late this afternoon to visit Drejka but ended up representing him. Clifton does not have experience with manslaughter cases. Clifton admits to having zero experience in a Stand-Your-Ground case. She calls herself the lawyer with the most selfies. Way to take the perfect selfie is to get the right filter on Snapchat. The majority of her cases she has handled have been for DUI or other traffic infractions. Call me right now at 844-Do-U-Blow. It's sickening that in 2018, we still have to deal with the black and white thing. This was not a race issue. The Stand Your Ground law is not a racist Stand Your Ground law. I would just like to say for the record that I am not a racist. You can look at my history. I have black in my blood. My dad had an afro. Developing tonight, not one but three Bay area attorneys are stepping up to put together a defense case for Michael Drejka. Clifton announced that she was bringing on two co-counselors. Clifton says her team plans to ask for a new bond hearing. We had an incident just months before this incident at that same exact Circle A convenience store. The defendant decided he was going to be, again, the parking monitor. He's a danger to himself. He's a danger to the community. He wasn't acting in fear. He was acting in anger. The store owner says the shooter in this case has a history of assaulting people in his parking lot. The store owner says he had to call the cops a month ago on Drejka, when he got in a yelling match with Rich Kelly. Rich Kelly says the man who confronted him was upset he parked in a handicap space. He said he'll shoot me, called me Just stating that he was gonna kill me. Yeah, I mean, okay, I get it. There's something that happens in this country when black people are killed by police or gun-wielding vigilantes. There's an unwritten rule that's so deeply embedded -- Black people must have done something to deserve it. And we use that to justify the grossest kinds of injustice. This is a person who grew up in a society that told him that Markeis McGlockton would kill him if he had the chance. What really struck me about this is how quick this man pulled out that gun. It was like this person had been through a number of drills, had seen Markeis, had visualized killing this person. It all seemed pre-planned. In my opinion, it's important to support Stand Your Ground and Michael Drejka because any given day, you can be approached by any crazy on the street in fear of your life, and if the law does not exist, you die. Oh, here comes McGlockton. McGlockton shoves him, has problems keeping his hands to himself. The more appropriate, humane thing to do would be to say, "Hey, is there a problem going on here," you know? "I apologize," you know, "We parked in a handicap spot," and go about his business. For the hot-headed people, keep your hands to yourself, 'cause we'll shoot. Boom. If you put yourself in his shoes, I personally would rather defend myself and go out with a fight than fold like a bitch. You have credible attorneys who are beating the drums that this is all about race, sending the message that any verdict other than guilty would obviously have a racial component then, too. So that's the problem we have. I just hate when it becomes an issue of race, because then people get distracted from the law. They get distracted from the facts. What were the facts? What happened? If you look at the facts in this case and apply the law, this should not be a very complicated case. He followed the law. If you don't like the law, how about pay attention to who you're voting into the legislature? Because in Florida, there are good people, and the good people carry guns, and we will shoot. They say Florida is as South as you can get, so they're still playing out the dysfunctions of their ancestors in Florida. It's like, when does it stop? When is it gonna end? It's the wild wild West out there, man. That's why that law needs to be overturned. You know, the whole Stand Your Ground thing, I knew that that was a law that affected Florida. When you hear things like that, you never think that it's gonna come knocking at your front door. Been praying every night, man. We got a lot of strong people behind us and lot of people that's been praying, as well, so... I got a good feeling that it's gonna go in the right direction. Thanks for coming in. Wanted to kind of give you some updates on the case. But first, did you see the interview? Yeah. Now that you have a chance to look back, is there anything you would change? I've had plenty of time to think about it, but as far as changing anything as -- - events is what you're -- - Right. Right. I don't see -- Mm, I really -- No, not off the top of my head. Okay. I mean, I just feel that it was a bunch of crap. You know, they tried to paint Michael Drejka out to be some kind of good guy. - Right. - Which he's not. The most disturbing part about his whole interview is when he was asked, is there anything that he would differently or change differently? He said, "Nope." Just said, "No." To me, that's just cold-hearted. He meant to do exactly what he did that particular day. Knowing the other attorneys on the side, I know what they're doing. They were trying to humanize someone When you see this kind of pattern that keeps happening and happening, you always hope, "Well, maybe this one's really clear. There's a video, so we don't really have to worry about it." No. We're here again. My position with the McGlockton family is I believe that I've been entrusted with them. I have to be their advocate. I have to be their voice. We understand what Stand Your Ground does! - Right. - It doesn't work for us. And I'm tired, because I have mothers come in my office every week, every week -- Representing these families, I feel that I'm always working to prove their humanity, prove that their lives matter. I take it into my heart. But it's not a light task. Stand Your Ground is a bunch of B.S. - Guilty! - Guilty! Stand Your Ground, particularly in Florida or any other American state, was never made for people of color. - What do we want?! - Justice! - When do we want it? - Now! The Stand Your Ground law is for bullies with guns. I think this law gives people justification, knowing that the government will have your back if you murder someone of color. You know, there are people who will take that and use it for their advantage. It's meant to protect white people and give law enforcement and our criminal justice system another reason to make people of color invisible if they are shot. It gets me boiling, because that law is an excuse for murder, and we don't really have evidence of, "You were threatened." Who says that that's okay? White people can always say that they feared for their lives. In states with Stand Your Ground laws, the shooting of a black person by a white person is found justifiable 34% of the time. But the shooting of a white person by a black person is deemed justifiable just 3% of the time. This is America. I mean, you know... What we could do is refuse to sit back and do nothing. Grassroots activism is responsible for putting Stand Your Ground on the map. How many people had ever heard of Stand Your Ground before the marches and rallies and campaign work? Andrew Gillum is a great example of moving from grassroots organizing into contending for power and contending for a seat at the table. This truly a historic win tonight for Gillum as he becomes the first major-party black nominee for governor in Florida. Florida hasn't elected a Democratic governor in 24 years. It pits Andrew Gillum against Ron DeSantis, backed by President Trump, so this could be an epic clash here in the Sunshine State. I humbly accept the Democratic nomination. Most folks in Florida were really shocked. I think a lot of folks had given up hope that Florida is a state that can actually have representatives that care about black people. The Stand Your Ground laws, which have no place in civilized society -- Andrew Gillum stands for change. We've got a lot of work to do -- He wants peace. He wants to see repeal of the law that will continue to kill people. Andrew Gillum represents the values that the Dream Defenders and movements across the state and the world have been fighting for -- radical inclusion, authentic democracy, speaks to really what is inherently human about us. These are the values of the movement and have now seeped into the Democratic mainstream. In a time of great uncertainty, masses of people stand at a crossroads. We can't just elect a transformational candidate. We have to have people who are willing to fight for what they want and don't just leave it on the shoulders of some savior. Andrew Gillum! Make some noise! In order for us to make the type of change that our society needs, we need activists and organizations and institutions, and we also need those in elected office willing to listen, willing to engage, willing to represent our values. While Andrew didn't win, he gave us the roadmap for what it means to have someone in office that we can work with. I still plan to be on the front lines right alongside every single one of you when it comes to standing up for what it is that we believe in. - We'll just meet at the church. - Okay. And, you know, be part of the service. Okay. Dream Defenders has been in collaboration with organizations like Black Lives Matter and with organizations across the region almost since the start of when we were organizing. Obviously, you know, we have been brought together under a very specific circumstance. Some of us have seen one another before. Some of us have never seen each other. And it's always difficult that we're brought together by loss, but I think the beauty is is that we're trying to build and birth something new out of that loss. When something like this occurs, we need each other to be able to really get the critical mass necessary for a change to happen and for action to be taken. If you could just introduce yourself. What brought you here? My name is DeAnna Joseph, and I'm the mother of Andrew Joseph III. He was killed as a 14-year-old in this Tampa community in Florida, and... I'm an activist based on my son's death, and as a result of that, the Circle of Mothers was created. I'm Sheila Banks. I'm here to support the other families, because this is a -- We always call it, "The club that no one wants to be a part of," because it hurts so badly. And whatever I can do here this weekend to bring comfort to the McGlockton family, I'm here. Thank you. My name is Delores Collins. My son was killed January 3, 2018. And... I am so broken. My reason here is to bring justice to our young black mens that are getting killed. And we as a black community, we have to stick together and make sure that something is being done. We don't want our children to be forgotten. We don't want them to just be a hashtag. We want to create a memory, whereas the world will continue to say their names and know who they are. We are here today because when Markeis was killed, Black Lives Matter was called into action by the community, and so, an organizing work team was born. We are back here, now that an arrest of Michael Michael Drejka has been made, to put pressure on Bernie McCabe to inform the community about Stand Your Ground being bad policy. You are all here to stand in stead of that family and all families who have been thusly affected, and I thank you for being here. Stand Your Ground is not working for us. So tomorrow is a day of action, and that's why we're here. And the time is now. We are planning to deliver 48,000 petitions to Bernie McCabe's office, the state's attorney, so that they understand this is bad policy, and we do not want it. And for each of those 48,000 persons, there are millions more people who agree with us. Florida was the first state to enact Stand Your Ground in 2005. Thank you to the NRA, I guess. The NRA's Marion Hammer was standing next to Jeb Bush when he signed Stand Your Ground into law. I think it will help us continue to see lower crime rates and protect people's rights. Stand Your Ground laws actually have not improved safety at all. In states where Stand Your Ground laws have been passed, we actually see homicide rates go up. White people have a tight association between blackness and crime. It is justification for the stereotypes that exist, so it reinforces this idea that blacks are criminal. If you want to stop violent crime, take every felon with a gun, drug dealer with a gun, and criminal gangbanger with a gun off the street. The NRA profits from a culture that fears black people, because if we have a culture in which black people are terrifying, then there are lots of folks who need guns to protect themselves. They're not gonna take your guns away, folks. They're not gonna take your guns away. Not gonna do it. From my cold, dead hands. This isn't about taking someone's gun. It's about the taking of people's lives. We should not be influenced by NRA. What should influence us is the righteousness of the cause. Lobbying groups like the NRA, they have this pot of money, and we have people that are easily bought. I want you to know I'm a proud lifetime member of the NRA. I'm a card-carrying member of the NRA. The NRA, I assure you, does not give up. To the NRA, thank you, thank you, thank you. God bless the NRA. It's incumbent upon each legislator to answer to a higher power of right and wrong. Don't waste a bullet on a warning shot. This is not a political question. This is a moral issue. I'm waiting for politicians that say, "You can't be bought." The congressman was against the piece of legislation because he is wholly owned by the NRA. He's not gonna stand up to the National Rifle Association. That's why they're running all these ads against me, because they want the man that they bought. If Stand Your Ground isn't repealed, I think we'll continue to see the sort of vigilante culture spin out of control. Breaking news. Michael Drejka is a free man tonight. The man charged in a controversial Stand Your Ground shooting in Clearwater is home. His family posted the $100,000 needed for his release. The autopsy of shooting victim Markeis McGlockton released Monday shows the bullet fired by Drejka entered his left side and nearly exited under his right armpit. That appears to show that he was turning away at the time that the gun was shot. In my personal opinion, if he really intended to kill him, he could have unloaded the entire gun. He shot once. The community plays a role in all legislation. Conviction of Michael Drejka does not stop a future vigilante from committing the same act. The importance of repealing Stand Your Ground is as critical as life and death. I believe in America that we stand on the principle that you have a right to protest for rights. And where else is the public supposed to go but to the courthouse or to the capital house to vent its expression of injustice? None of these mothers have received the justice that they've sought, right? And so, we fight and lose and fight and lose and fight and lose so that 100 years from now, we can win. So maybe we're not fighting for today, but if we don't do something today, there's no chance of us ever getting to that point. Right now, the place to apply pressure is on Bernie McCabe. We want to make sure that Bernie McCabe knows who he's accountable to, and that the community does have a say in what justice looks like. I believe that the holy spirit of these young souls that were stolen were there and present. I believe they are rooting, and they're so proud of their parents for being able to find a way to bring forth a message in spite of them not being here in the physical sense. Is Bernie McCabe available? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. My supervisor is coming. Thank you. The first thing they did was they sent out a black woman. We did not meet with McCabe. Finally, they sent out one of the attorneys, and he took the stance of listening aptly enough. Each mother came up and said that they were demanding justice for Markeis McGlockton in the name of their child, and put their portion of those 48,000 signatures into that box. They didn't stamp them in the way they said they would. I suspect that they'll make their way to the shredder. But we're still here, and we're not going anywhere. And every day of our lives that we have the capacity to do so, we're going to wake up, and we're going to walk these halls. We're going to do whatever needs to be done to find justice for our sons, for our daughters, for our family members. That's actually my favorite picture. That's my favorite picture, too. I never thought that I would be in this position, but raising a black child in America, I knew it was a possibility. Markeis was a family man. He was close with a lot of our family members. He was just so down to earth. Like, I was a girl version of him, and he was a boy version of me. Like we was so much alike. It was crazy. My brother always wanted to be famous, but I don't feel like he wanted to be famous in this way, you know? I remember his smile, 'cause he was always smiling. I always got a part of him in my heart. The people hosting this event say they want to honor the life of Markeis McGlockton. We're told McGlockton's family -- I want people to know the type of person that he really was. He just had a good spirit, and I was very proud of him. Very proud of him. Hello, everyone. We are gathered here today in a space of remembrance, in a space of unity to celebrate the life of our brother Markeis McGlockton. We thought it was really important to have a moment to just reflect on Markeis. Please don't let this be the last time that the family and the friends see your face. Please don't let this be the last time that y'all talk about Markeis. The people who we lost sort of become a story, and who they are as a person gets lost oftentimes. How do we hold our society accountable for creating people like Michael Drejka? In my opinion, justice really looks like a transformation. It looks like us making sure that no one's first or final solution is pulling out a gun and murdering somebody. I think it is important to remember, just because Markeis was not killed by a police officer, that does not mean the systems of white supremacy that have laws such as Stand Your Ground did not kill him. So for me, there's no justice, and there won't be no justice. Even if you lock this guy up, Michael Drejka, for the rest of his life, he's still living. If there is a conviction, I believe that it will mean something to black people psychologically that, "See, our lives do matter." So in this time, we cannot be complacent. It is time to move forward. It is time to grasp hold of this movement that has been building behind Markeis. We have to maintain the strength to fight, to get up, to repeal Stand You Ground, not just in Florida, but across the other states that have adopted Stand Your Ground. The best way to overturn Stand Your Ground is on a multi-front basis -- politically, community, civil disobedience, whatever it takes. Malcolm X said, "By any means necessary." It is our duty to fight for our freedom! It is our duty to fight for our freedom! It is our duty to win! - It is our duty to win! - It is our duty to win! We must love and support one another! We must love and support one another! We have nothing to lose but our chains. We have nothing to lose but our chains! We have nothing to lose but our chains. We have nothing to lose but our chains! We have nothing to lose but our chains! We have nothing to lose but our chains! Being a person of color in this country, you are birthed into a hostile environment. There are so many different crises in this country. Are you removing black voters just to win this election? Baltimore's toxic lead paint -- Abuse targeting black students. Cash bail's like slavery. I'm tired of begging for my humanity! Our lives matter, too! We have to get up and fight. We become remarkable when we fight for justice. I'm in action mode right now. - No justice, no peace! - No justice, no peace! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 