Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow: Season 5, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow 
 s5e8 - Episode #5.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow (2015–2020): Season 5, Episode 8 - Episode #5.8 - full transcript 
 Passenger Experience Manager Demi deals with a medical emergency involving all the emergency services. Buggy Driver Carlo is all loved up. Border Force officer Rob returns to cross-examine new arrivals in the UK. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 VOICEOVER: Heathrow is the busiest two-runway airport in the world... 'Hold lima one.' I will have news for you very shortly. ..with over 1,300 planes taking off and landing every day. We don't want to miss it. LAUGHS But keeping it open for business is harder than ever. So, that plane is not gonna take off until we find out where this animal is. As Arnie would say, I'll be back. Managing crisis on the runway... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We have to treat this as a crime scene. No-one is coming off that plane. ..guarding Britain's biggest border. Can you check the gentleman's bag when he comes, please? Bags of frozen chicken. SIRENS 'Ambulance requested at Terminal 2.' ..and dealing with drama in departures. Cardiac arrest. For the 77,000 staff... I would help you, but I'm five foot three. ..every day is non-stop. That's how we roll! LAUGHS With a first-class ticket into Britain's busiest and biggest airport... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm a king, innit? Yeah? BOTH LAUGH ..welcome to Heathrow. I'm really excited. I know it's going to be good. Today is not any old day at Heathrow. Cupid is making his mark on thousands of passengers from 84 countries, flying in and out of Britain's busiest airport. Mwah. And who better to steer lovestruck passengers than Carlo, Terminal 3's captain of love. Boom, boom, boom, the reggae boy's coming through. # Love is in the air # Everywhere I look around... # Happy Valentine's. This is the love buggy, man. Everybody who comes in here got to be partners today, got to be deeply in love. Would you say you are in love, then? Oh, absolutely.. Would we say you've gone past that? Oh, no, no. Absolutely. Love grows with the years. Yeah? It's like an old shoe, isn't it? Have you got a Valentine's? No. We've left our husbands at home. We've left our Valentines at home. Pete says we argue on a daily basis, but that's not quite true. All right. Because we have bank holidays and Christmas off. Is it a special type of love with your husband? Oh, unconditional. Yeah? Nobody would replace him. Not even you! LAUGHTER # Love is in the air... # Boom, boom, boom. The Love Boat, the Love Boat. LAUGHTER It's the day for love, innit? It's the day for love. LAUGHTER And smiling. You'll make anybody smile. Yeah? That's nice to hear, that's nice to hear. Even at Terminal 2, Border Force Rob is hoping the path of true love will blossom on his own turf. I'm looking for the romance in the air, although I didn't get a Valentine's card this morning. But the day's still young. You never know. When that flight stops and they open the door, they could all be standing there with bunches of roses and bottles of champagne and cards. Not gonna happen, really, is it? I'll get passports, ID cards, and maybe a little bit of verbal abuse. You never know. LAUGHS Cupid's arrow aside, Border Force officers are tasked with uncovering the darker side of love on a daily basis. Valentine's Day may, may not, have an impact on sexual exploitation. You never know, we may get people that are heading to the UK to offer services of a sexual nature. Border Force Rob and his team are at the end of a three-day operation targeting modern slavery and sex trafficking, which is on the increase in Britain every year. In today's Valentine briefing, relationships are high on the agenda. Profiles that we're looking for there is females travelling with a friend or older companion. So let's try and ascertain how they know this person, IF they know this person. What we've also seen is young ladies that are going to be working in car washes. We're unsure at this moment in time whether they are going to be offering car wash services or it's potentially sexual exploitation. OK? Brilliant, thank you very much. The largest number of adult victims come from Eastern Europe. And the flight they're meeting originates from there. Have your passports and ID cards at the ready, please. And as usual, Border Force officers are at the gate, to wrongfoot possible offenders... OK. Who's next, please? Thank you. ..making sure each passenger has a solid story... One person? One. Why have you come to London? ..or love interest. I just need to ask you some questions. You are married? OK. These Romanian passengers are being checked by Border Force Hardeep. And how long are you staying? Two weeks. Do you have ticket? Return ticket? Ah, no have. No have? One-way ticket? They've got one-way tickets. How long are they staying for? Two weeks. Coming to visit who? What plans do you have for your holiday? First time in the UK? No. Two. Two times? Yeah. OK. And you? First time for me. Border Force Hardeep asks questions to establish the details of their relationship and finances. Sex traffickers usually lure their female victims with promises of jobs and even love. Will you work whilst you are in the UK? Next week, you're working? How much money have you brought? So, no money? No, no, no. No money? What does your brother do in the UK? What's his job? Job? Your brother job? Ah, car. Washing cars. I'm a bit concerned here now. No return tickets, limited... Well, I would say no funds here. Yeah. No English. The man's answers have set alarm bells ringing. Did your brother pay for you to come to the UK? Did he pay for your tickets? Yeah, yeah. And for her? Yes. Pay for both of you? He pay your tickets? Yeah. Brother lives here in the UK, works at a car washing. Erm... he says he's going to come here, work here for two weeks. ROB: Is the female going to the car wash as well? You both car wash? That's what we are trying to ascertain. Just get the info, and what we will do, we'll head down and we can use the interview rooms. There is something not quite right there. Border Force Rob and his team now need to investigate why these passengers are here. We have to ask you some more questions, OK? We will get an interpreter to speak to her and to speak to you. Ensuring all arriving passengers have a safe entry into the UK can feel somewhat stressful. But if you are leaving Britain, for some, it can produce a more zen-like calm. In Terminal 2, Demi, the high master of passenger experience, is giving these karate kids centre stage while they practise some moves before boarding their flight. ALL: Ai! Well done. That's brilliant, thank you very much. Was that actually in time, guys? It was. Where are you off to? The European Championships in Norway. What kind of karate do you do? Shotokan. Oh, Shotokan? I used to do Shotokan. Really? Yeah. So, was it... Heian Sandan, Heian Nidan... Oh, my God, yeah. ..Tekki Shodan. You wanna compete? LAUGHTER Well, believe it or not... Believe it or not, no word of a lie, I did win a couple of competitions. Did you?! Yeah. So, I was purple two stripe. Oh, yeah. Purple two stripe, Then you had the brown, one stripe, two stripe... Then black. ..and onto black. So, what belt are you, then? I'm a third dan black belt. Holy-moly! Second dan black belt. You are kidding me. Second dan black belt. Second dan black belt. Second dan. Wow. Well done, guys. That is hard. That is hard. Guys, thank you so much for your time. Very best of luck. Cheers. Take care. Take care, bye. But before Demi has a chance to show us his 'tacky shogun'... Did you hear that? ..a medical emergency has come in. What level is he on? Go straight there, I'll get the defib. Cardiac arrest. A cardiac arrest is the ultimate 999 emergency. It's every passenger experience manager's nightmare, even though they deal with over 31 every year. Death can occur in minutes. Hang on. You carry on. Carry on. Has anyone called the ambulance? Just start, carry on, carry on. Demi's colleague, Maria, is already carrying out heart compressions. This has to be done within two minutes to keep blood pumping around the body to keep it alive. Every passenger experience manager is trained in life-saving treatment, so Demi administers electric shocks from a defibrillator. DEFIBRILLATOR CHARGING Stand clear. Go, Maria. Just carry on, compressions. Yeah. But with every minute that passes, the chances of surviving drop, rapidly. Keep him going, keep him going. Come on, mate. Come on, mate. In Terminal 2's carpark, a man has collapsed from a heart attack and is now in cardiac arrest. Keep him going, keep him going. Keep him going. Demi and Maria are trying to restart his heart while they wait for the paramedics to arrive. We've shocked him once. We've been giving him CPR and giving him some breaths, just waiting for the ambulance. Well done, Maria. Come on, mate. Guys, can someone meet the ambulance? They're due for another shock now, so ten seconds more CPR, then we'll probably have to shock him. Stand clear. No shock advised, we've got him back. Yeah? Yeah, we got him back. We've got a pulse. Well done. I think we've got him back. Control, reference the ambulance request, Terminal 2 multi-storey car park, level one. I can confirm the passenger is now breathing and awaiting external medics to take him to Hillingdon, over. 'Roger, thank you.' So, we got him back. We're just waiting for advanced paramedics. I think they're the ones that can start putting drugs and stuff in him. I think, well, we've kept him going, that's for sure. If we weren't here on time, yeah, potentially, cos if you don't start working on him straightaway, he becomes brain dead. But Maria was here quickly, we were here within a couple of minutes. Brought the defib over, which was required, strapped the pads on him, gave him a shock and got him back. It's good. With his heart beating once more, the passenger is taken to nearby Harefield Hospital in Hillingdon. All Heathrow's ground staff are trained in first aid, which, in this case, was a life-saver. Inside, you feel really, really proud and energised when you know that through your hard work and training and experience, someone has actually survived. Sometimes they don't make it, but like I said, on this occasion, they made it and the feeling's great, you know, it's brilliant. There's no price on that. The good news is that the passenger went on to make a full recovery. 'Runway 27 right, cleared for take-off.' Surface wind two-two-zero degrees, one-zero knots. Nearly half of all flights taking off and landing at Heathrow are out of the daddy of all terminals, Terminal 5. The main T5 building is the largest freestanding structure in the UK, with enough space to park 83 jumbo jets inside. Have a lovely flight. With the terminal so big, the challenge is getting passengers to gates on time, so Heathrow is upgrading its passenger buggy system, to transport those with limited mobility or weighed down with luggage. Presenting the Multi Mobi 360, seating seven passengers and with more space for wheelchairs and Louis Vuitton bags. To drive such a machine takes skill and panache, and T5 has its very own Stig. Lovelyn. So, we need B45. You came right on time, which is good. I've met David Beckham a couple of times, and his missus Victoria. 50 Cent. I've seen, "If you have $100 bills, put your hands up." He might not be as famous as Fatman Scoop, but her next passenger is definitely infamous. You know who I am? The Wolf of Wall Street. I was a bad boy. Jordan Belfort, AKA The Wolf of Wall Street, defrauded American investors of over $200 million. But today, he's in need of extra assistance, and manages to steal a ride with Lovelyn. There you go. HONKS HORN Excuse me, please. Thank you. I'm going that way. Thank you. Have a safe flight, OK? Nice to meet you. You too. Each buggy is worth over 30 grand. With its crash-proof sensors and brand-new steering mechanism, it's designed to glide through the terminals with ease. That's how we roll in T5. And today, T5's top driver Lovelyn is about to take on an apprentice. Cruising all the way from Terminal 3 is cabbie Carlo, and he'll soon be trading in his old banger for one of the newer machines. Morning, morning. Morning. Nice to meet you. Same here. Wow. And this is what you're teaching me on today? That's right. This looks like a spacemobile. It is, isn't it? Yeah. If you look down, there's no brakes. Yeah, no pedals or nothing. This is forward and that's to reverse. After his crash course on the controls, it's time for Carlo to test-drive the future. No feetwork. You don't need that. Let your fingers do the walking. CHUCKLES That's it. Just go slow for now. So, make sure you know. You don't need to turn. It's straight, so you don't need to straighten here. Keep it straight. You need to keep it straight. The wheels of this space-age buggy can hit the walkway at 5mph. And because they're not connected to a steering axle, as in traditional buggies, delivering a smooth ride doesn't come easy... Like this? Yeah. Forward. Straighten it a bit again. ..even for Carlo. It's very sensitive. It is. Very sensitive. Having finally mastered the art of driving in a straight line, Carlo can't resist trying out some fancy moves. Watch your backs, watch your backs, Jamaican passing. Jamdown inna de area. All right, stop. So, how did that feel? I think you've got to get used to it, ain't ya? That's it. Do this two or three times, you'll be... Good as you? Or better. I doubt. You doubt that, yeah? We got a clash coming on there. Whilst Lovelyn masterfully manoeuvres the twists and turns in her new buggy, Border Force Rob and his team have been trying to untangle the truth from a young Romanian man and woman who want to enter the UK. We need to establish their relationship. So just ask, "How long have you known each other? "Where did you meet?" With no money and no return ticket, Border Force Rob is concerned. When you get through to the interpreter, just try and reassure her that she's not in trouble and the reason why we stopped her is for her own safety and we just need to understand why she's come to the UK, where she's going and what she's gonna be doing, so we can try and help her avoid trouble. We're going to interview them separately. Because I believe she's vulnerable, we're gonna have a female officer that's gonna be dealing with her just to try and aid the sensitivity of the matter. By digging deeper, the officers are checking to see if their stories match. Where will he stay whilst he's here? INTERPRETER SPEAKS ROMANIAN MAN ANSWERS INTERPRETER: 'He'd like to live with his brother.' Caravan. Caravan? Yeah. Is this where he stayed when he visited before? Da, da, da. Da, da. 'Yes.' So, is this a house or is this a room that she will be staying in? INTERPRETER SPEAKS ROMANIAN SHE ANSWERS INTERPRETER: 'It's an apartment.' How many bedrooms in the apartment? RESPONDS IN ROMANIAN 'Two bedrooms, living room, kitchen and bathroom.' So, whilst he's working at the car wash, what will she be doing here? 'She's going to work in the car wash as well. 'They intend to stay for a month or two to work together 'and then go back.' So, how much will you be paid whilst working at the car wash? ANSWERS IN ROMANIAN '300, 350, depends on how much he works.' Who has she made this agreement with that she's gonna wash cars all day and he's gonna pay £150 cash? With her boyfriend or the boyfriend's brother? 'The boss for which the boyfriend worked.' SHE ANSWERS IN ROMANIAN Sorry? 'On the internet, but not face-to-face.' On the internet. On the internet. Who's gonna be paying her the £150 cash every week? MUTTERS Sorry? 'Not sure.' Not sure. So, you're not sure of who's gonna pay you the money. Nearly five million people worldwide are victims of sexual or other work exploitation. And it's down to Border Force to try and work out who is and who isn't at risk. And is she aware of all the arrangements? Da, da, da. Da, da. Although neither passenger has indicated they are involved in any type of exploitation, the officers still need to cross-check the pair's answers. Okey dokey, ladies and gents. What have we got? She's met this man, seen the brother on the internet. So, she's never met the brother? No, she's never met the brother. She's never been to the UK. It's the first time to the UK. Well, this is the address of where the caravan is where they're staying. Did she say she was staying in a caravan? No. A two-bedroom apartment. She could easily be exploited here, like, for a number of things. I have given her a leaflet, I have raised those concerns with her, but she seems to be very sure that she's come to work in the car wash. OK. Despite discrepancies in their stories, the woman's rejection of potential sex trafficking does support the male passenger's denials about being involved in any form of exploitation. Have we got an address of the car wash, or where the car wash is? Yes, we have. Had she previously worked at all in Romania? Has she had any previous jobs? Car wash. She's done car-washing. She's done car-washes before. I said, "Do you have experience?" She said, "Yes." Border Force Rob and his team have found insufficient evidence to refuse their entry into the UK. But their details will be kept on file with the Home Office and the police. Over the last three days of the operation, we've encountered 729 passengers. From that, we've had about 60 referrals and nine people have gone in as cases, so that's potentially nine people that we've saved from modern slavery, and 60 people that we've helped advise against modern slavery. For any operation, there's an awful lot of planning and an awful lot of work that goes on behind the scenes, but for every person that we encounter and save, it's worth it. Absolutely. Walk, Heather, walk. Move. Oh, my God. It's not going to go over that. Was it that, frozen chicken? It's OK, it's OK. I'm a Quorn veggie burger person myself, mate. Subtitles by TVT OpenSubtitles recommends to be fit Reshape Weight Loss App: osdb.link/fit  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 