Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow: Season 5, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow 
 s5e7 - Episode #5.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow (2015–2020): Season 5, Episode 7 - Episode #5.7 - full transcript 
 Staff at the airport are forced to cordon off a plane full of passengers when a runway is closed. Meanwhile, Airside Ian turns detective. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome to Heathrow. It's promising to be another busy one at Britain's busiest airport. What a beautiful day! MUSIC: 'Mr Blue Sky' by Electric Light Orchestra Somebody's getting married here! You see? THEY LAUGH Hello? Just to let you know, help is on its way, so just be patient with us, please. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Heathrow is the world's number one megahub. Turn left where that good-looking fella is there. Flying millions of people to over 203 destinations around the globe. Inside the terminals... Watch your backs! Jamaican coming through. ..staff are busier than ever getting passengers ready to take to the skies. Put him in the box, take him in. Then you can take him down to level zero if he wants a bit of a run, all right? But there's a problem. Out on the airfield... RADIO: ..bird 235, hold, Lima one. I will have news for you very shortly. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ..nothing is taking off. The southern runway has been declared unfit for departures. Flocks of birds have been spotted on the runway and senior airside officer Ian along with his partner, ranger officer Neil have to sort it. Entering 182 is on my left now. So, that plane's waiting to take off. But he's not gonna take off until we find out where this... animal is. And a carcass attracts birds, which could cause a bird strike, potentially putting passengers' lives at risk, so all departures are suspended. Hold position and contact ground on 121.905. As soon as anything happens to disrupt the schedule here, there is gonna be a knock-on effect. Most of the aircraft that depart here have to come here on the returning flight as well, so the knock-on delays can be throughout the whole day. With each passing minute, the backlog is ever increasing with thousands of passengers sitting, waiting to depart. Sierra six, head towards sierra six. RADIO CHATTER But with over two miles of southern runway for Ian and Neil to scan, it's a race against time. Who'd have thought such a small bird could stop so many big birds and bring a billion-pound industry to a grinding halt? What we'll do, we'll leave the feathers, they'll blow away over time. There's nothing there that's gonna cause any issues, so we're all done. Yeah. Tower, checker has vacated runway two, some are left, one carcass retrieved. RADIO: Roger. Probably a good five minutes of departures not happening, it probably cost, timewise, four departures. Ian and Neil have saved the day. Now it's down to air traffic control to try and clear the backlog of departures. Seven tango golf, good afternoon, you are cleared to Atlanta. Climb and maintain altitude 6,000 feet and your transponder code, 1440. Planes may be taking off, but for airside Ian and Neil, they're just at the beginning of an investigation of what and how this bird got to Heathrow. See what's left of it and find out what it is now. Part of their job is to identify why types of wildlife are attracted to the airport and to prevent any more delays from runway closures. I can't believe there's no head on it or... Doesn't look like it's been hit. Don't know what it is, actually. Can't work it out. Don't think it's a raptor cos it hasn't got the claws. No. Pigeon, do you reckon? It might be a pigeon. Without a head, even with Ian's encyclopaedic knowledge, there needs to be more detective work. I'm generally quite good with my birds, but generally they've got a head on and they're making a sound, so habitat and what they look like and their call all help. Seeing something like that without a head and a tail on the runway, it's a bit more difficult. Unaware of the temporary runway closure, inside terminal two, passengers are flocking towards departures. All the way straight and then left, B gate. Thank you. Thankfully, Heathrow is at the forefront of cutting-edge technology when it comes to checking in. Self-service check in kiosks were introduced 20 years ago and speed up the pre-departure experience, getting holidaymakers closer to that first gin and tonic in the departures lounge. Although kiosks cater for over 59 languages, for some passengers, it helps having someone looking out for them. Cue Heathrow's king of passenger experience, Demi. HE LAUGHS You know that they're Greek cos you can tell by the accent. And then you see the passport is Greek and they ask you something in English and you answer back Greek and they're like... "You're Greek?" And it's quite surprising, they love it. My dad always used to say to me, "Don't speak to me in English, speak to me in Greek." And we were in Greek school with all the kids. So... Yeah, it's good. Thank you. I think it's something like that. I might be wrong. So, apologies. LAUGHS Down the other end of the terminal, also ready to give you a hearty welcome are the boys in blue. Like every transport hub, airports need protecting, so it has a police force on patrol 24/7. Heathrow's answer to Starsky and Hutch, officers Terry and Dave, have been on the beat for over a year. It's a lot busier than it was before. Everyone's coming in here and gaggling. I hate that, cos when I'm flying I want to get in, out, boom, see you later. And shake it all about. It's a good vantage point, everyone can see us, we can see them. Everyone here that goes through those doors are generally either seeing loved ones off or they're going to check in their bags, so they've got one goal in mind. So if you see people wandering around, looking at other passengers, then that can sort of indicate to us that they're not here for travel purposes. They do tend to stick out like a sore thumb as well. Unsavoury characters aren't the only ones that stick out like a sore thumb. RADIO RINGS RADIO: Go, mate. Hello, Sarge, we can see you in a staggered formation. HE LAUGHS RADIO CHATTER CONTINUES As Terry and Dave stagger off themselves, they're alerted to a serious incident. A plane is due to arrive after making an emergency stop en-route. Hold position and contact ground on 121.905. On the runway, flights are back on schedule and airside Ian and Neil are about to carry out an autopsy at the BSRP - the Bird Strike Recording Point. First of all, we want to identify, to make sure it's something that's native to the UK and it's not been brought here from a different airport, and maybe on departure could've had a bird strike. I once went to an aircraft coming from Pakistan and they had a phone call to say they had a bird strike on arrival. We got there, inspected it, it was all wrapped round the undercarriage. When we got it off, it was a big eagle with like a six-foot wingspan. You don't get them at Heathrow. So, it's just things like that, it helps us determine whether or not we should do more, bird-wise. Here you go, Ian, this is your first go at CSI airfield ops, Heathrow. Yeah. See if you can find out the cause of death. Decapitation, I think. Death by 747. Yeah. Is it still a bird? Still a bird. Lovely. Still a bird. Trying to get you to imagine if it was flying what it would look like and sort of help ascertain it, you know? When you look at the colouration like that, that looks... that's a muted colour for camouflage, really. It's quite dark from the top. I can't work out what it is. We know it's dead. We've established that much. After verifying the bird is still a bird and no longer alive, Ian takes measurements and photos to send to a specialist bird strike company for identification. So, what they want is the wings open like that, so you get the full range of the colour of the plumage underneath the wings. You then turn it the other side cos you've got different markings on the top. You would normally take pictures of the beak and stuff like that, but as the head's missing... It's not possible. Next port of call is now bag and tag it. Put it in the freezer. If they're not able to identify it through the pictures, we will keep it in storage and then we have the opportunity then to take the DNA or sometimes just feather samples. They look at the feathers under a microscope and they'll be able to find out what sort of species it is. Lunch now. LAUGHS Chicken? Yeah, bit of lunch. The duration of a flight from Bangladesh to London Heathrow is around 15 hours with one stop. Tonight, a plane is arriving that's taken 19 hours and had to make two stops because, sadly, a passenger died en-route. Officers Terry and Dave are getting the details from passenger experience managers, Kola and Newman, who've been in contact with the plane. Aircraft had a medical emergency and got diverted to Baku. 45 minutes into that, there was a death on board. The aircraft was on the ground at this time? It was on the ground at the time. However, since then, the body has come off the aircraft, but then moved into the hold of the aircraft, there's no death certificate, there's no paperwork to go with it. Is that definite? Yes. OK. When the passenger died in Baku, Azerbaijan, death was pronounced by local doctors, but no death certificate was issued. The body was placed in the hold and the journey continued. This is an unprecedented event. A death on board, which is generally a straightforward procedure, but this is wracking my brain, I've got a bit of a headache. So, we're gonna have to unravel this mess that's been caused. With no cause of death documented, the plane arriving into Heathrow is about to become a crime scene. It may be that we have to keep all the passengers on board the aircraft and all the cargo and luggage in the cargo hold. Until we know what's gone on and spoke to some key individuals on board the aircraft, then no-one's going nowhere. A plane from Bangladesh is landing into Heathrow and one of the passengers on board has died. Police officers Terry and Dave are on their way to the gate to get to the bottom of an unprecedented Heathrow event. You wouldn't just put something in the hold without having a manifest, like, say you've got one deceased body. A dead body arriving with no death certificate. The body should've stayed in the country where the person passed away, unfortunately. It seems like certain systems have been circumvented and the body's been placed in the cargo hold. I mean, there's no way of making that more glamorous than what it is. The plane is five hours late in arriving, but because of the medical emergency, all 435 passengers have to remain on board until Dave and Terry can establish there's nothing suspicious about the death. So temperatures are rising. 19 hours we've been on this plane. I understand that. People are feeling sick. I understand that, but we have to treat this as a crime scene until we can prove that nothing's gone... nothing's untoward, all right? OK, so please hurry up. Sir. I've got a sick mother there. Not being funny with you, mate, I want this done as quickly as possible cos we've got the family here, all right, we're not gonna slow this up. Take a look yourself how much people are feeling sick, there's kids. I understand that. The longer we're stood here, the slower it's gonna be. I can totally relate with these individuals. You know, I'd be stuck in a runway for 20 minutes and I start getting annoyed. As soon as an aircraft lands, people start opening their seatbelts, to jump off, to go. And that one or two minutes' delay on the aircraft docking and the jetty bridge attaching to the aircraft, that could feel forever. It's gonna get them really frustrated, especially if they've already been there for 19 hours. Fortunately, one of the passengers on board is a doctor, who took a key role in the incident. The flight crew issued a call for a doctor. So I offered my services. The lady was 75 and her history was that she'd actually been unwell with a pneumonia in a local hospital in Sylhet. The family thought she was getting better, so it was her wish, cos she's a British citizen, to come back to the UK. Whilst Terry gets as many details as possible from the doctor... You haven't pronounced life extinct though, have you? Yourself. I've written a note to that effect. ..Dave talks to the family. I'm sorry for your loss. Heathrow and the police, we haven't dealt with this sort of situation before. So it may take a little bit longer, but rest assured, we will get this done as quickly as possible. We need to make sure that nothing untoward has happened. In these difficult situations, Heathrow has a group of chaplains to help distressed passengers. John is one of eight at the airport. In an emergency like this, we're there to provide some comfort and to help sometimes to explain the process that they're going through, because they're usually in a state of shock, they're very upset and they've been given an awful lot of information by different people. Often, it's just a case of holding somebody's hand while they cry. Terry and Dave are now happy to allow passengers to disembark, but their luggage in the hold will have to stay on board whilst they confirm the identity of the body and make sure nothing untoward has occurred. We need to go down and see the... body and the box. We're coming now, Sarge. Whilst Terry and Dave manage a very sensitive situation, over in terminal two, passenger experience manager Demi should be winding down as he comes to the end of his shift. But not tonight. Bag tags to your right, check in assistance to your left. If you have baggage tags, over to this side. No, no. Where the maze is on the right. You've got to stay in this line here. Maybe behind these people, see here? In Demi's terminal, check in should take, on average, only 70 seconds. So, we've been waiting 45 minutes and it's... yeah, it's so, so slow. We travel quite a lot and this is the first time we've seen this amount of chaos in an airport. We normally go away three or four times a year and... yeah, haven't seen it this bad. And one family's holiday could be in jeopardy. We're going away to Thailand, all of us... hopefully. ALL LAUGH If we can get on a flight. People everywhere, no-one any idea where to go. No-one has a clue at the moment. There are 116 kiosks in terminal two, all with the ability to print your boarding card and luggage labels in a matter of seconds. But currently, the computer says no. There's an app that's overloading the system because it's not been updated. I think it's because we've got extra flights in the schedule, new summer schedule. Do you know, there's not a lot we can do. But from the start of Easter break, we can't be dealing with this stuff. Follow me. What's going on, fella? Have we got the guys here? Just called them now, they have been coming in and out. Turning all the machines off. Even Heathrow can't escape the universal truth - if all else fails, unplug and reboot. It's not good when the app kicks everything out. And not only that, it then has to reboot the machine, which stops others from using it. So, it's just a bit of a snowball effect. Time for Demi to sort the situation out the old-fashioned way - with check-in desks. And not a moment too soon for the Samson family. So basically, the family's been queuing up. There was a gentleman in front of them, who was in front, and all of a sudden this family turns up with another six people and another seven bags, obviously, the gentleman's upset cos, obviously, it's gone from going forward two steps to going five steps back. And not only that, he's tried checking in and it won't check him in, so he's been sitting in that line for nothing. I'm gonna move, I'm gonna speak to Air China, see if I can help him out. Hi, buddy. Just need a bit of help. We've got a family of five... Demi knows terminal two like the back of his hand. So although the kiosks are down, he knows exactly who to speak to. Do you want to come with me? Let's go. This gentleman here with the glasses will look after you, all right? Thank you so much. That's all right. Have a good time, all right, guys? Take care. That scenario there, he was ready to sort of explode a little bit, he was ready flip out. You could just walk past and hear the conversations, mum having with dad, it's like a typical marriage. Biting at each other and it don't sound good. And they're going on holiday, they've probably paid thousands of pounds. It's not a couple of hundred quid special offer. If I can do something about it, I'll do my best just to make it a little bit better. Out on the apron, officers Terry and Dave are with the doctor from the arriving Bangladeshi flight. There you go, over in this ambulance. Because there's no death certificate, they have to identify the passenger who died en-route to the UK. Do you want the doctor to come on board with us? Cos then he can verify that the lady is the same person that he pronounced life extinct, yeah? That gives us some continuity. We'll give a cursory check over as we would usually do. So long as what the lady's been transported in is fine, then that plane is good to go. All right? That's the same lady, yeah? Same clothing and everything? The doctor's with us. He's verified that the lady he's seeing now is the same one he saw that he pronounced as life extinct. In terms of the airline, everything's good to go, the baggage can come off, cargo can come off, there's no cross-contamination. All right. Cheers, boss. Bye. Kola. Aircraft's fine. We can give the all-clear? With suspicious circumstances ruled out, the passengers can finally head home with their luggage. In total, we spent, like, about... ..24 hours, easily, just on a plane. When we got off, I mean, that was just like a big relief. For that brother and sister that lost their mother, really sad. There's a little bit of shellshock because at the end of the day, there was a lady who died and the family were distraught and that was difficult and my thoughts go out to them. Because... you know, their grief was very apparent. All the paperwork is now in place, so the body can be released and make its way back to the family. You never forget the sudden deaths you deal with. Each one has its own unique way of being remembered and obviously this one was a really unusual situation, so probably never forget that one. Subtitles by TVT OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 