Benson: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Benson 
 s1e4 - Benson in Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Benson (1979–1986): Season 1, Episode 4 - Benson in Love - full transcript 
 Benson falls in love with, and later proposes to, a senator who isn't too keen on the idea of being married. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (DOG BARKING) Been waiting long? Well, the maid just came by and dusted me. Could have been the painter. I think the Governor's running a little behind schedule. Not to mention the twentieth century. Governor Gatling may be a bit unorthodox, but he's gonna pull this state back together. Really? I mean, he inherited a lot of problems. You know the family. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've got great teeth. When you smile, your eyes crunch up, your nose moves off to the left, and your ears retreat. Well, that was very poetic. Thank you. Thank you for reminding me I still have to find a dentist. Oh, new in town? Yes. I am, too. You are? How do you like it here? Full of foreigners and wild dogs. (LAUGHS) It just seems that way, but there's plenty to do, places to go. We'll meet people, make new friends. We'll get along beautifully. I know we will. I think the Governor must be involved in some kind of emergency. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Been to Smitty's yet? Smitty's? Yeah, it's an old blacksmith's shop. They turned it into a restaurant. It's got hand-carved beams, stone floors, one of the best wine cellars in the state, and the shrimp are huge and tender... Please, please, I missed lunch, I'm starving. Well, Smitty's specialty is rack of lamb. I could eat a horse. Fine, we'll go someplace else. Was that an invitation? It wasn't a commercial for Smitty's. Is that a "yes"? How's 8:00? Tonight? The building's old. We'll have to get there before it's condemned. I'm sorry to keep you. I really am. I had to get off a letter to the state income tax bureau. I didn't mind waiting. Not at all. I'll only take a minute of your time, Governor. (TYPEWRITER CLACKING) Who is she? Who? Oh, she was in yesterday. She's very nice. Do you know what she had to pay for an apartment on the West Side? Marcy, who is she? Senator Wade. Senator Wade? Well, if her first name isn't Senator, I just have embarrassed myself. Her first name is Francine. What'd you do? I asked her for a date. So what'd she say, "no"? Well, she didn't say "no," she didn't say "yes", either. That alone should have told you she was a politician. But a state senator? Well, she was just elected. Maybe she's not acting like a senator yet. I told her she had great teeth. What's wrong with that? Teeth? She's a state senator and I'm talking teeth? You know, I went out with a senator once. Had his own airplane. Cute little thing. The plane, not the... I used to think that an automatic pilot had something to do with the gas stove. Hey, you can't run very far in a two-seater plane. Fortunately, he couldn't get my parachute off. I want to thank you for sharing that with me. Sure thing. Well, that takes care of it. Bye. Bye, Governor. Thank you. That didn't take long, Senator. Uh, Marcy and I were talking and she happened to mention that... That's all right, I was just in there asking the Governor the same questions about you, Benson. Well, under the circumstances... Are you trying to break our date? Me? I thought you. What time will I pick you up? Uh, I have another meeting. I'll meet you there. 8:00 at Smitty's. If it's still standing. I'll get there quick and prop it up. Smitty's? Well, yeah, you know, the food's not bad. Right, gotta eat somewhere. No big deal, huh? Hmm. The gray suit? The blue shirt and the striped tie, smashing. Uh, Benson, order the omelet. All you gotta do is swallow. No one looks good chewing. (CRICKETS CHIRPING) Benson? Benson? Yoo-hoo, Benson! (WHISPERING) Darn. KRAUS: Halt! What are you doing here? I live here. I'm sorry I woke you, Miss Kraus, I couldn't sleep and I came down for some warm milk. The kitchen is closed. I thought Benson would be here. Not that I think he stays awake all night. I've seen him during the day. And yet, whenever I can't sleep and I'm worried about something, I come down here to the kitchen, at some very odd hours, and Benson has always been here. How do you account for that? Bad luck. Well, I have plenty to worry about, so I'll try again tomorrow night. Where is Benson? Out over his head. That's nice, he should go out more often. Good night, Miss Kraus. Wait! Even though I am off duty, I will heat your stupid milk. No, thanks, it wouldn't be any fun without Benson. (BENSON WHISTLING) KRAUS: Uh-uh! I was just gonna put it in the cookie jar. This tummy is not a cookie jar. You have had enough. The rest are for your father. They're really good. Eat all we bake und you will get a tummy ache. That rhymes. Ja, Liebling, it is my nature to be lyrical. To the sink, march. Five nights in a row is a bit much. Ooh, cookies. Personally, I couldn't care less, but the party is very concerned that Benson will hurt Senator Wade's career. Taylor... Do you know what the papers can make of her running around with a butler? Taylor... Butler in the same sense that General Eisenhower was a soldier, okay? Oh. You compare Benson to Ike? Ike was a strategical wizard. A military genius. Who knew? These are delicious. Uh-uh. Miss Kraus baked them for my father. At least they could have the common decency to stay out of public places. Oh, it would be okay if Senator Wade snuck around like some other senators I could mention? That's different, they're married! (EXCLAIMS) Thank you, Miss Kraus. Do not touch. Those are for the Governor, und, besides, they're hot. Right. Benson must... (YELPS) Something wrong? I don't drink enough milk. Everybody needs milk, okay? Benson must stop seeing Senator Wade. Have another cookie, Taylor. (SCOFFS) I'm wasting my time. Und so is Benson. Do you know something I don't? Ja, an old German proverb. The wild boar may romp through the forest with a beautiful doe, but that don't make him Bambi. Heavy! That ugly little folktale tells it all. Benson may be a climber, but he is out of his class. Taylor, why don't you just tell him yourself? Good morning, Benson. Tell me what? Nothing. Benson, how's your date with Senator Wade gonna hurt her career? Katie, where'd you ever hear a nasty, rotten thing like that? Whoever said it must be a real fool. Benson, personally... Buzz off! You're angry. Skipped anger. Went straight to rage. I've never seen you angry before. It's not a pretty sight. Perhaps I have overstepped that fine line between impartial observer and meddler. Perhaps you have. And so I apologize. I accept it. KRAUS: (SHOUTING) Do not touch! Those cookies are for the Governor! Still hot? Me or the cookie? What are you doing? The cookies are gone? You ate the Governor's cookies? His favorites! Every day he is saying, "Gretchen, where are my cookies?" Und now finally I bake them und you eat them all up? He is going to think I did not want to make them for him. He is going to blame me. After all my work. After all the ways I try to please him, und no matter how hard I try, it is never enough. He is going to be furious. Smells delicious. Where are the cookies? You want cookies, call Betty Crocker. You want some more beef? Is that what that is? You didn't know that was roast beef? I didn't know it was meat. I didn't hear any complaints about breakfast. That's 'cause breakfast was perfect. I know. Coffee? Keep talking. Where was I? You were in the service. Oh, yeah. After Korea, I got a job on an assembly line. I, uh, went to school on the G.I. Bill and took hotel management. Did you like it? Yeah, the only thing I couldn't manage was working all day and studying all night. Which one did you give up? Well, I needed the money. I had two sisters and three brothers at home and I was the oldest. It was expected. But you were still a kid yourself. Wasn't that a lot to carry? Oh, no, I could carry up to four and drop only three. You know what I meant, the responsibility. Well, yeah, I felt it, but whatever I gave up, I got a lot more in return. Five college graduates and they're all doing fine. I love them already. They kept you so busy, you didn't have time to meet the right woman, right? Oh, it'll stain the cloth! This stuff will eat a hole in the table. You were telling me about all the women you didn't have time for. No, I wasn't, although I thought about marriage once. High school history teacher. My father's a history teacher. Oh, yeah? 5' 2" and a little silly? No. Then it's not the same one. But I came out of that thinking that "love" was just another word for "trouble." And now? I'm in trouble again. Governor in? Uh-huh. With Senator Wade. They're finished. He's just starting a paper mill story. Well, I got a couple of phone calls to make, anyway. Benson, hi. Senator? That was for your benefit, Marcy. Thank you. Marcy? You coming to dinner tonight? Depends on who's cooking. You are. I'll be there. Let's talk. Oh, uh, Marcy, I think maybe Benson's looking forward to one of our man-to-man chats. I know I am. Governor, Francine is really special. She's a believer. She believes in me, you, the system. She even believes it's possible to take government away from the special interests and give it back to the people. Did she say how? But where do I fit in with all that? Uh, maybe Taylor's right. Maybe I would hurt her career. What do you think, Marcy? I think when two people find one another, nothing else matters. But we're from two different places. I've got a high school diploma, she's got a masters' degree in political science. Well, I have two degrees, uh, business administration and economics, and you seem to like me. It'll never work. Benson, just don't make the same mistake I did. Which one? When I first met the late Mrs. Gatling, I assumed I wasn't good enough for her. I was right, of course, but she never found it out. Benson, I waited almost ten years to propose to her. You're thinking I'm thinking about proposing? You have the look to me of a man who's getting ready to propose. I've seen it before. I haven't. Well, I have always regretted that I didn't ask for her hand a little sooner. Later on, she told me she would have said "yes." And she just sat around ten years waiting for you to propose? Oh, well, no, not exactly. She was married at the time. But separated, and then her husband died. Oh, poor fellow, he was in Africa taking pictures of elephants. His last shot was a beauty. But anyhow, so I sent her a condolence card and she sent me a thank-you note and then I called to thank her for the thank-you note, and before I knew it, I'd proposed. (CHUCKLES) Just a small wedding. No pictures, of course. (LAUGHS) Are you finished? Oh, yeah, yeah. That was very touching. Did you get my point? Stay away from elephants. Don't wait ten years to ask Francine to marry you. That's the point. Well, yes, I suppose you could look at it that way, but if you dig beneath the surface, you may find a deeper meaning. Then again, maybe not. Good morning. Morgen. Marcy, when you were a kid, did you have to eat oatmeal? Of course I did, Katie. It was the pits. Katie, you are eating it too fast. It's bad enough I have to eat it. Do I have to taste it too? Where's Benson? Making a goodwill tour of the mansion. Smiling at anything that moves. Smiling? He asked her. Benson popped the question? I think so. Oh! This is like a fairy tale come true. Wait until the princess finds out the frog is really a frog. Good morning. BOTH: Good morning. Want me to ask him? I think this requires a little tact. (WHISPERING) I'll do it. Ahem. How was last night? Dark. Was it in any way, uh, special? Oh, I mean eventful. Memorable? Forget it. Benson, did you ask Senator Wade to marry you? Yes, I did, Katie. Oh, I'm so happy for you. Und so sad for her. Will Senator Wade be moving into your room? Well, she hasn't said "yes" yet. I didn't give her a chance to. I want her to think about it. Miss Kraus, could I have my breakfast, please? Marcy, you have a call at your desk. Katie, you're late for school. Did you ask her? She's thinking about it. I hope you aren't rushing into anything. (ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO) (MUSIC STOPS PLAYING) Benson? Hmm? The music stopped. But the feeling hasn't. Let's talk. Oh, sure. You made up your mind? Yeah. What did you decide? I'm sorry, Benson. Yeah, well... You do what you have to do. I understand. Do you, really? The calluses are here, not here, Senator. Oh, here we go again! The working man and the lady Senator. Let me explain something to you, Benson. I'm no token black who came in on a quota. I'm not interested in playing the game so I can have a long and ineffectual career. I'll make it on what I do, not on what my husband does. I love you, but marriage is not in my plans now. I'm sorry. Well, I am too. We could've had a few laughs. Benson, I don't want to lose you. Can't we keep it the way it is? The way it is gets kind of empty after a while. You see Francine, marriage is more than a piece of paper to me. It's two people swearing to God that they'll take care of one another and doing just that, no matter what. Give me time. You know where I live. Benson, please don't say goodbye. Good night, Senator. There you go, good as new. It came broken. Better than new. Back to new. Why don't we take them back to the store and get another pair? Why didn't we think of that an hour ago? Benson? Huh? What's a broken heart? Ah, there's no such thing, Katie. That's just a way of describing one of life's little disappointments that comes close to killing you. Is your heart still broken? Yeah, a little. Do you think I'll break someone's heart when I grow up? Yeah, every woman is entitled to at least one. Good. I wish you weren't so old. Because if you weren't, I'd ask you to wait for me. What, so you could break my heart? So you could take me to Smitty's for shrimp and chocolate cake. Is that what you think love is about? No, but it seems like the best part. NARRATOR: Benson is videotaped before a studio audience. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 