Benson: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Benson 
 s1e19 - Cold Storage - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Benson (1979–1986): Season 1, Episode 19 - Cold Storage - full transcript 
 Kraus asks Benson to help her get some items from the basement. The door locks behind them and they are trapped in the basement together. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BIRDS CHIRPING) (DOG BARKING) (RINGING) Hello. Well, what do you mean you can't find them? Eight bowls can't just disappear. Benson, hang up the phone. I am going to kill you. Kill me in a minute. I'm on the phone. Benson. Well, keep looking. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They've got to turn up somewhere. I am not going to stand for this. You keep talking like that, Kraus, and you won't be standing at all. We have 200 people coming to dinner tonight. How can you change the menu? By drawing a line through the word, "chicken." But the work is all done. I have 200 tiny chickens all ready to go. Why don't you go with them? Kraus, we can't serve chicken to the Kurasian people. It's their sacred bird. Then they should love it. They pray to it, they don't eat it. It says so in this book on Kurasian customs. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then why didn't you tell me yesterday? Because Taylor didn't bother to give it to me until 10 minutes ago. We'd better serve veal. Fine. I will smash the chickens flat and tell them it is veal. Fine. I'll smash you flat and say it was an accident. Get your people started on real veal. I have 200 chickens. What will I do with them? Freeze them. Oh, yes, and Kraus, the Kurasians sent some wooden bowls over here they use for some kind of ceremony. Have you seen them? Ja. I put them away with all the other ugly stuff we get. Well, where? You want to know? You got to ask me nicely. Gretchen, sweetheart, would you please tell me where those bowls are, while you're still able to talk? That's more like it. They're in the cold storage room. In the basement, right? Ja. The old part. Under the east wing. Past the left corridor leading to the main cellars. Down the main steps right where it's always been. It'd be faster if I flew to Kurasia and bought new bowls. I'll get them myself. All this work to do and he sends me off on a fool's errand. Don't say it! Benson, do we have some string I can tie this up with? Yeah, there should be some in that drawer right there, baby. Don't you want to know what's in it? Not if it's alive. It's a present for the Emperor's daughter. What'd you get her? Well, I don't get that much allowance. So instead of buying something new, you thought you'd give her a hand-me-down. It's practically new. Only one owner. Mmm-hmm. I found it in the den. Nobody ever uses it. Hmm, an ashtray. How'd you know the princess smokes cigars? She does? No. Besides somebody gave this to your father. Oh, well, it's hard to know what to get a princess. I'll try and find something else. Okay, but stay out of my room. Taylor, I hope you won't take this as criticism but it just seems that this welcoming speech is a little dry. Well, what do you mean, sir? He hates it. It's just that I usually open my remarks with a few jokes. Sir, this is an official ceremony for the Emperor of Kurasia not a roast for Don Rickles. I know that but I'm sure the Emperor would enjoy a good story. Well, I wouldn't count on it, sir. The Kurasians are very formal and solemn. All right, I'll watch my step. Good. I know these people. I've been to Kurasia. Oh, yeah, what's it like? It's very green and lush and everywhere you look, chickens. Talk about watching your step. I'll see you later, sir. Where are you going, Benson? After a fool I sent on a fool's errand. Benson, make sure there are no slip-ups tonight. The Emperor's tour has been arranged by Washington. And they are very anxious to develop strong ties with Kurasia. It's a beautiful country. They have a lot to offer. Like 4% of the world's oil reserves? Sure. Why else would we suck up to these barbarians? BENSON: Miss Kraus! Kraus! (MUMBLING) You need a pack mule to make this trip. Kraus! (KRAUS GRUNTING) (EXCLAIMS) Kraus, what are you doing? Oh, Benson! Oh, thank God you found me! Oh, you are so brave und strong und intelligent to come looking for me. You Dummkopf! Idiot! My God, are you fickle. You let the door close. I'll open it. There's no handle. Yes, there is. Where? Here! Well, that's gonna make it a little tougher to open. It won't move. Right. Is this the only door? Right. You mean I'm stuck here with you? Right. Why do you do this to me? Now come over here und give me a hand. I'll come over there and give you a foot. (CLANGING) What are you gonna do, row us out of here? Kraus, that's not gonna work. Oh, now look what you've done. You made me pull too hard. Kraus, if we just think about it a minute, we'll come up with a way to get out of here. Just calm down. Calm down, he says. First you change the menu. Then you send me after some ugly bowls. And thanks to your stupidity, I am stuck down here. I have 200 guests coming und a million things to do, so don't tell me to calm down, you clown. I have to get out of here! You keep on babbling, woman, I'm gonna get you out of here in a hurry, right through the keyhole. There is no keyhole. Then it'll take a little longer. I know you're not supposed to leave the guard gate, but if you could just look up from your Guns & Ammo magazine and just take a look and see if Benson's car is in the parking lot. Thank you. Marcy, run down, make me three copies of this right away. Excuse me, Taylor. I'm on the phone. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Benson's car is still here. Fine. Kraus and Benson take a walk one hour before a major diplomatic function. Would you stop? Suppose something terrible's happened to them? Well, that's the only excuse I'll accept. Three copies. Marcy. Uh-huh? I have a problem. You do? If you were a princess, what would you want? Oh! The wisdom to rule wisely, the love of my people, and enough money to pay off all my charge cards. Oh. Well, if you can think of something I can fit in this shoebox, just let me know. Okay. Marcy, is there any word on Benson and Miss Kraus? No, sir. Frankly, I'm getting very worried about them. Oh, now, Marcy, I'm sure they have some perfectly logical reason for not being here and for turning the banquet into a disaster. Do you have those copies yet? No, not yet. Marcy, could you come in and take some dictation? I'd like to add a little humor to the speech that Taylor wrote for me. Yes, sir, I'll be right in. I just have these three copies to run off. Oh, Taylor'd be happy to do that for you, wouldn't you, Taylor? Why are you doing that? Are you talking to me? No, I'm talking to Howard Cosell at ringside. Kraus, why are you doing that? Because there might be a secret passageway. There might be a picture window, too, but I wouldn't count on it. Well, at least I am doing something to try und get us out of here. What are you doing? Well, I was trying to find something to keep us warm. (SIGHING) I am going, Benson. Kraus, you've been gone for a long time. No, I mean it, Benson. I'm getting out of here. Now. Ouch. Kraus, not even the Incredible Hulk could knock that door down. Come on. Come on. They gotta know we're missing by now. It's just a matter of time before they find us. Or what's left of us. Ach, it's bad enough I have to die. But to die here with you, of all people. (EXCLAIMING) Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on, let's go for a walk. Why? Why not, you got something better to do? Supposing they do not find us. We have no food. I'm not hungry. Besides, we can go a long time without food. Sure, we can go without food, until we starve to death. We're not gonna starve to death. You're right. Long before we starve to death, we will die of thirst. What am I, a yo-yo? Without question. Now, walk! No more talk of dying of thirst. It'll never happen. How can you be so sure? 'Cause we're gonna freeze to death. You're just saying that to try und cheer me up. It's cold in here, but it is not that cold. Well, I hope you're right. What are you talking about? Nothing. Forget it. Benson, if there's something I should know, give it to me straight. I can take it. Well, I don't know what you call it, but I saw it in Korea. It's got something to do with your body temperature dropping even though it isn't all that cold. First you get weak, then delirious (RAZZING) and then it's over. Way I figure it, we got two, three hours. So... You seen any good movies lately? Come on, Kraus, keep walking. How can I keep walking? I cannot feel my feet. I can feel them. They keep stepping on mine. We have some matches, why don't we start a fire? I told you before, we start a fire in here, the smoke'll back up and kill us. Will you stop leaning on me? I'm not leaning on you! I'm trying to hold you up! (SCREAMING) (EXCLAIMING) Just a thought. You know, Kraus, you're actually in a very famous room. Oh, don't give me that, Benson. No, really, really. George Washington wept here. No, it's an actual fact. And after spending two days and two nights in this room, in this very room, Alexander Graham Bell decided to invent the telephone. (IMITATING PUNCHLINE MUSIC) I know what you're trying to do, Benson, but please, just let me sit down. No, Kraus. Come on. You gotta keep moving. No, I can't, Benson. Please just let me rest. You gonna get back up? Ja, I promise. You know, Benson, somehow I never thought it would be like this. All my life I have worked hard und saved every penny so that one day I could start to live. Funny, isn't it? If you say so. What do you think, Benson? About what? About dying. I'm against it. Come on, Kraus, let's walk. I can't. Come on. You promised. I lied. So what are you gonna do, kill me? Come on, Gretchen, it's the only way we can stay warm. No, there is another way. What's that? Sit. (SIGHING) Closer. Doesn't thrill me, either, Benson. But it beats dying. Just barely. Yes, Sergeant, our security people told me that I should call you to report that two people are missing. Well, it's been about four hours now, and I'm real... What do you mean, they haven't been missing long enough to be missing? Twenty-four hours? They could be back by then. Thank you very much for all your help. Still no word on Benson and Miss Kraus? No, sir. I thought it might give us a clue if we checked Benson's appointment book. Oh, good, what does he have in there for today? "6:00, brief staff on protocol. "6:30, check parking arrangements. "6:45, general inspection. 7:00, prepare buffet table. "7:30, check security and guest list. "7:45, uncork red wines. 8:00, guests arrive." When Benson shows up, remind me to give him a raise. Sir, the guests are starting to arrive. Now, Taylor, there's no need to get excited. Governor, you don't realize what is going on out there. Nobody knows where to hang their coats. They're parking the cars on the front lawn. And they refuse to admit the Kurasian Prime Minister, because he isn't wearing shoes. Evidently Benson didn't get a chance to brief the staff on protocol. Well, I'll just have to do it myself. Okay. He underlined all the important parts. I don't need that. I've been there. I'm practically a native. Well, I wish you'd fill me in. No problem, sir. Just a few things to keep in mind. Such as what? Such as, when you're introduced to the Emperor, give him a low bow from the waist. Got it. It says here a bow like that means, I surrender. Oh? When did they start that? Three thousand years ago. Taylor, I don't think I can legally surrender one of the united states to a foreign country. All right, forget the bow. Taylor, just how long were you in Kurasia? A weekend. Pardon me? Well, it was a three day weekend. Now, when you're at the table, if you are sitting to the left of the Emperor's number two wife, avoid eye contact with all wives of a lower rank. Or? "...or be prepared to accept them as gifts." You know, I had a similar offer once at a lumberman's convention. But I don't think they were gifts. Well, we better get out there before we really offend the Emperor. Oh, now, Taylor, don't panic. We'll sit down out there. We'll have a little conversation. Eat a little chicken. Everything'll be fine. Chicken! I knew I'd hate myself in the morning. Gretchen. Don't go, Hans. Come on, Gretchen, wake up. You're delirious. Deliriously happy, you wonderful man. Come on, Gretchen, we gotta get moving. There is no hurry, Hans. Momma und Papa won't be home from the beer garden for another hour. Come on, Kraus, let's walk. Jack Frost is nipping at your brain. Oh. (EXCLAIMING) Now, now, Hans, no rough stuff. You promised. Come along, Hans. What are you doing? Trying to check out this vent. I can't tell if it's blocked or not. What do you see? My whole life flashing before my eyes. (GIGGLING) Oh, Hans, you are so amusing. Play something for me on the tuba. Now we can start this fire. (GRUNTS) Now, if the smoke goes up the vent, it's got to come out somewhere and maybe somebody'll see it. On the other hand, if the vent's blocked off, smoke'll back up in here and kill us. Kraus, we don't have much time. What do you say? I do. You're right. We'll take a chance on the smoke. (CLANGING) Wait a minute, Hans. Did you hear that? You better hide. That may be my parents. Oh, God, I hope this vent works. Oh, look at that. Oh, a cozy room, a warm fire, a handsome man. What more could I ask for? I don't know, but you ain't getting it from me. (COUGHING) Come on, let's get out of here. The place is filling up with smoke. Two hundred guests and the Emperor of Kurasia, and we have to evacuate them to the front lawn? I tell you, Marcy, we're being sabotaged. Will you stop with the sabotage? Taylor, why are you so paranoid? Marcy, even paranoids have real enemies. Since the mansion's on fire, don't you think it would be a good idea for us to leave? In a minute. I'm just going to draft my resignation. Your resignation? What are you talking about? Marcy, this was a major diplomatic event, and we blew it. Forget the oil. Forget international cooperation. Forget the Emperor throwing his chicken at the waiter. Resigning is the only honorable thing left to do. It is the only way that we can save face. Taylor, would you come on? I'm interested in saving more than my face. Oh, here you are. Listen, you better come on outside. Everybody's milling around out there, enjoying the party. This fire might be the best thing that's happened all evening. And the Emperor just loves fire engines. He's up on the top of a hook and ladder with a fireman's helmet and slicker, ringing the bell. Come on. It's my turn next. Thank you. You okay? Yeah, fine. Don't worry about your friend. She's gonna be all right. She never was before. Oh, there they are. GOVERNOR: Benson. Miss Kraus. What happened? It's a long story, sir. They have discovered our little hideaway, darling. And not a very pretty one. We were really worried about you two just disappearing like that. Yeah, you could have ruined the whole banquet. Of course, we were concerned for your personal safety as well. Since you were gone, Benson, we've had a lot of excitement around here. We even had a fire. No kidding. They made me an honorary fireman. It's okay, men, I can take it from here. Benson! What are you doing trying to slip your shoulder under my head that way! She lives. Miss Kraus, are you all right? Ja. One day you'll look back on this and laugh. I doubt it. It must have been a miserable experience. The worst of my entire life. When you thought I was Hans, you were crazy about me. Who's Hans? I don't know any Hans. And I don't know sugar from shellac. There was nothing at all between Hans und me. On more than one occasion. Oh, Benson, what are you still doing up? I got a lot to think about, sir. I understand. You had a real close call. Well, let's put it this way, you don't know how glad I was to see you come through that door. You want to see me do it again? No. Katie figure out something to give the princess? Uh, yeah, a T-shirt that says, "Keep on Trucking." Princess gave Katie a dozen eggs. That sounds fair. Benson, did you think you were gonna make it? Uh, Governor, I wasn't sure. What went through your mind? I thought about my family, my friends, things I've done, things I haven't done. Governor, do you realize how many things I have left to do? Well, I'll let you get started. No, no, no, no. Not this minute. Man... Benson, here's to you. To life, Governor. NARRATOR: Benson is videotaped before a studio audience. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 