Knight Squad: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Knight Squad 
 s1e15 - Fright Knight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Knight Squad (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Fright Knight - full transcript 
 The Princess defies her father's orders and attends the Party of Darkness, but when the Shadow Ghost appears and threatens to possess her, the Phoenix Squad fights to save their friend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Na na na na ♪ ♪ Na na na na na na na ♪ Arc, I've been looking for you. Oh, did I make honor roll? [CHUCKLING] No. I noticed that you are the only student who hasn't taken the mandatory art elective. I took The Art of Being Cool. I got an "A." Yeah, you did. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [QUIETLY] He got a "C." The only elective left is the Balloon Arts. Ooh, that's the second hardest one after Swim Dancing With Mermaids. Turn in your balloon work in three days and make it "pop." [CHUCKLES] A little balloon humor. [TRUMPET FANFARE] Hear ye, hear ye, my fellow Astorians! We have a national emergency. CROWD: [MIXED COMMENTS] My daughter has no friends. This isn't happening. It's happening... And it's amazing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've been told most teenagers have people over to hang, but my sweet Princess just sits alone in her room. I love her, but she's pathetic. Wait, that's not true. It's just my excuse for when I sneak off to knight school. Quiet. I'm enjoying this. So, you are cordially invited to the Princess needs a friend party... Starting now. [UPBEAT PARTY MUSIC PLAYING] Guards, fetch the Princess from her chamber of sadness. This is so exciting. We get to party with the Princess. Actually, I can't stay. I'm... getting my wisdom teeth taken out. You got them taken out last week. I meant I'm getting them put back in. [LAUGHS] I hate having to blow off Prudy to be the Princess. My secret makes me feel like I'm being a 50 percent bestie. [BALLOON SNAPS] Okay, look, I have a very serious balloon assignment. I don't have time for friend math today. Prudy, I'm so psyched! Today's the day me and the Princess fall in love. Oh, yeah, forgot. No boys allowed. Prudy, tell the Princess I can do ten push-ups. [TRUMPET FANFARE] Oh! Go make friends. I know you can do it, sweet'ums. Oh, sorry. [GASPS] Your Highness, I almost knocked you down with my giant strength. No problem, Prudy. Which I'd assumed your name is. It is! [LAUGHING] Although, the giant pronunciation is... [ROARING] [BALLOONS POPPING] Anyway, this party's nice. There are so many new friends to choose from. Wait a minute. I do get to choose my friends. And I can choose you. Why have I never thought of this before? Because we just met four seconds ago. Has it been four seconds already? Let's celebrate! Burger tray? It's like you know me. [MAGIC WHOOSHING] [SQUEALS] I'm so excited to read the final book in the "Hag High" series. Ooh, I wonder what they're gonna wear to Hag prom? [GIGGLING] Probably glitter and seaweed. [CLEARS THROAT] Not that I have put lots and lots of thought into it. At least you didn't put as much thought into it as this dude. Check out his costume. Thanks! My mom made it. WARWICK: Oh! Uh, Sir Gareth... [LAUGHS] I knew you liked "Hag High," but... maybe you shouldn't. - Next! - Oh! Sage, it's the Ocean Hag from the Waxbury Cup. You write these books? Well, a hag's gotta make a living. [LAUGHS] Wow! Wow! Wow! It's amazing already! Excuse me? Where are the other copies of "Hag High 8: Hags To Riches"? I'm sorry. [LAUGHS] That guy got the last one. Oh, Hagatha, no! Don't take that potion! It'll change everything! Sir Gareth, you're gonna spoil this for us like you did with every other "Hag High" book. - Do I do that? - Yes! You told us the ending to "Teenage Mutant Ninja Hags." And "Hag to the Future." And "Haggy Potter." Oh, I guess I do have a problem. But I give you my word I will not ruin this book for you. SAGE: [CLEARS THROAT] Okay, now he's far away and we can't hear his voice. SIR GARETH: Hagnes, don't trust that octopus! We can still hear you! SIR GARETH: Oh? Sorry! I didn't know. [MAGIC WHOOSHING] Okay, throw the jellybeans on one, two, three! [CHAIRS "POPPING"] Triple beanbag score! I win! For someone who's never played this game before, you're crushing it. Oh, this is so much fun, but I have to go do Princess stuff. Well, I hope we can hang out again. That's what friends do, right? They hang out together. New friend handshake? BOTH: ♪ Friends ♪ See you soon. Sooner than you think. Hmmm... I'd better eat all these beanbag chairs before Ciara sees them. [MAGIC CHIMING] Hey, Prudy. Hey, Ciara. [LAUGHS] Where did you come from? [LAUGHS] I know, right? So... how was the Princess party? Did you love it? Did you love her? Tell me everything. Uh, it was fine. But I didn't get to meet the Princess. I know. She's amazing. Wait. What? You didn't meet the Princess? [LAUGHING] Pretty crazy because... [LAUGHING] ...she was... and then... Well, you get it. Bye! Okay. I'll just be right here... wondering why my best friend is lying to me. ♪ ARC: Do you wanna know a secret? CIARA: I'm a princess whose father won't let her become a knight. Please let me go to Knight School, Daddy! Please, please, please! So I use a magic ring and secretly train as Ciara. Yes! ARC: And I'm Arc, a charming thief, who has the same dream. I'm destined to become a knight. CIARA: But people from outside the kingdom aren't allowed in Knight School. ARC: So I'm pretending I belong here. CIARA: Now, we protect each other's secrets. ARC: So we can achieve our dream of becoming knights. ♪ We are the Knight Squad ♪ ♪ Hey! ♪ Corrected & Synced by Bakugan ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Arc, I need your help with Prudy. Sorry, I'm really busy. See? I knew you'd understand. So, Prudy and the Princess hung out yesterday. I was finally 100 percent her bestie. So, what's the problem? When I asked Prudy how the party was, she said she never even met the Princess. [GASPS] No, she didn't! Oh, yes, she did! So, I need you to talk to Prudy and find out why she lied. So, put down that... rope with a knot in it? It's a worm kissing a worm. How could you not see that? If you don't help me, I'll be forced to talk to you about every feeling I have. [SOBBING] And there are a lot of feelings, Arc. I'm not your dad. Crying won't work on me. [SOBBING CONTINUES] I was wrong. It'll work. I'll help you. BOTH: [SOBBING] [MAGIC WHOOSHING] BOTH: [GRUNTS OF COMBAT] [CHUCKLING] Holy Hag, don't eat that starfish! Okay, I've searched everywhere, but I couldn't find a single copy of "Hag High." But did you find three copies? Sir Gareth's about to ruin that book for us. Can't you use your magic to fix this? Wait, there is a spell. I can cast it on our ears, so whenever Sir Gareth talks to us, it'll sound like he's saying nonsense. Sounds helpful... And hilarious. Do it. First, a little luck for the magic makers. [KISSING WRISTS] Thought that would look a lot cooler. Earsy hearsy, mumbo jumbo! [MAGIC CHIMING] SAGE: What? Did it work? Yabba gabba mimo. Clingy bo bot. It worked. He sounds like an angry baby. Just nod and smile like you understand what he's saying. Oh, so do what I always do. [GIGGLES] Got it. Cling dorf eep, koo goo gah. ALL: Mmm! Sa na ka ra. Got it. Well said, sir. Did you see how he was waving that book around? He totally spoiled it. But we didn't hear a word. I was just telling those three that tomorrow's class is cancelled. An Astorian man-eating spider will be migrating right through the training yard. So, get outta here before you get eaten by a spider. That's how we lost Grasshopper Squad! [MAGIC WHOOSHING] Okay, Prudy's coming. Find out why she lied, but be cool. Don't worry, she won't suspect a thing. So, Prudy, Princess party... Did you lie about it? Oh, I'm so glad you asked. I've been dying to tell someone how much fun it was. And the Princess is amazing. She's like no one I've ever met before. But Ciara said you didn't even meet the Princess. Explain yourself, loudly, so I could hear you, even if I were standing behind the fireplace. I feel awful about lying. I just don't think Ciara would understand why I'd want to be friends with the Princess. I don't want things to get weird because we've always been so close. She is close to you... Really... really close. Anyway, I just came to grab my wallet. I'm getting me and the Princess tickets to the baby dragon petting zoo. They burn your hands, but warm your heart. Okay, this is bad. She's getting tickets early, which means you'll get to pet all the good dragons. No. Not only is Prudy lying to me, she's making secret plans with someone else. [GASPS] Prudy likes the Princess better than me! But you are the Princess. Prudy doesn't know that. Wait. Are you jealous of yourself? Of course, I'm jealous of myself. I stole my best friend. ♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Ah ah ah ♪ All right, Slobwick, it took me all night, but I made... an "X." Let's see what you did. Ta-da! Oh, come on! You don't even have hands! [CHUCKLING] No! No! Come back! Teach me your ways! [SAD FLUTE MUSIC PLAYING] Where's that music coming from? [FLUTE MUSIC CONTINUES] You having a sad time behind Mr. Knight? Just saying goodbye to my bestie with her favorite food song. [SOBBING] Prudy loved hot cross buns. This tune goes out to you, Prudy. [SAD FLUTE MUSIC] That's a hot cross mess. So am I. I was so worried about being a 50 percent bestie, that I let the Princess 100 percent take my spot. I think you're overreacting. Look, Prudy can never like anyone more than you. But how can I know that for sure? I have an idea that'll prove you're her favorite, - But, first... - [FLUTE SNAPS] How does that help me? It helped me. [MAGIC WHOOSHING] Hey, don't we have class? Where is everybody? Um, maybe they say you kissing your wrists, and they're in the bathroom throwing up. [GIGGLING] The only thing I throw up is confetti. [GIGGLING] Whee-e-e-e-e-e-e! I love that. Let's leave. ALL: [GASPING] A giant spider! Somebody get a really big shoe! Run! [LIQUID SQUIRTS] That's an Astorian man-eating spider. They react to movement, so stay perfectly still. Uh-oh, that's gonna be a problem. Buttercup dances when she's nervous. Don't worry. I can hold it. I can hold it! Oh... [DRAMATIC MUSIC] ALL: [GASPING, SCREAMING] Well, the good news is... we still haven't heard a "Hag High" spoiler. - That is good news. - And we never will. Because the spider's coming back to eat us all. I love watching Prudy eat, but how is this helping? My plan is gonna prove Prudence likes Ciara, that's you, more than she likes the Princess, also you. - [MAGIC WHOOSHING] - Ooh! A singing spell-o-gram. Guess who's singing? It's me. [CLASSICAL MUSIC] ♪ To Prudence from the Princess ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm glad you're a friend that I've got ♪ ♪ I need to talk ♪ ♪ So let's meet tonight in the courtyard at seven ♪ ♪ Let's make it seven on the dot ♪ You invited her to hang out with the Princess? Why is everyone Team Princess? Oh, don't worry. She's about to get a second invitation from Ciara, so she'll be forced to choose and she will choose Ciara. Still you. - [MAGIC WHOOSHING] - Oh. Another one? [COUNTRY & WESTERN GUITAR MUSIC] ♪ Prudy, it's me Ciara ♪ ♪ I totally need to chat ♪ ♪ Meet me in the rec room at seven ♪ ♪ That's all I'll say about that ♪ Love ya. Bye! Yee-haw! That is the best spell-o-gram I've ever gotten in my life. And I've gotten two. Did you hear that? - She likes me better. - Yeah. Thanks, Arc. Oh, you're welcome, little lady. Okay, I'm gonna go get ready. Yee-haw! Uh, Warlock, go ahead and put the food on my tab. The name is Sir Gareth. - Arc? - Prudy. Did you just get here? Because I definitely wasn't watching you. I just got the cutest country spell-o-gram from Ciara. Well, I bet it sang like an angel. Yeah, it was all right. Anyway, I'm supposed to meet Ciara later, but will you tell her I can't. What do you mean you can't? I have to meet the Princess. But don't tell Ciara that part. Thanks. Oh, man. ♪ That didn't go as expected ♪ ♪ 'Cause Ciara just got rejected ♪ ♪ Na na na na ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah yeah ah hey ♪ Oh, hey, Arc. Just putting out a few of Prudy's favorite things... Deli meats, cheeses, her BFF. That's me! Oh, man. Look how happy you are. I am beyond happy. Now I know what Buttercup feels like. [GIGGLING] Okay, try to hold on to that feeling. Prudence decided to hang out with the Princess instead of you. What?! But, hey, I mean, she still picked one version of you. I mean, it's not what you wanted, but it's what happened. Is this cheering you up? All I wanted to do was prove I was Prudy's bestie. But when she had a choice, she chose the Princess. Then we'll keep sending her spell-o-grams until she chooses Ciara. [IRISH ACCENT] We can use this little ditty. ♪ Go ♪ ♪ Prudy girl ♪ ♪ Ciara comes a-callin' ♪ Stop! Not even your high kicks can fix this. This all started with a lie. But if she knew my secret, I'd be her 100 percent bestie. Wait. Are you saying what I think you're saying? [HEAVY SIGH] Yeah. I'm gonna tell Prudy I'm the Princess. [MAGIC WHOOSHING] SPIDER: [ROARING] The spider's sounds are getting louder. It'll be back soon. Ooh! I wonder if it's bringing treats. We are the treats! Slobby, do you know how dangerous is it to come down here to get your Slobby snacks? - ALL: Sir Gareth! - [GASPS] Flippity flop! Walla walla, dinky doo! We don't understand you. I cast a spell because we didn't trust you not to spoil "Hag High." Oh, smoggle boo bah! I think he said a bad word. You need to cut us free, so Warwick can undo the spell. Yah! Yah! Hearsy earsy, magic quitters! [MAGIC CHIMING] Snee bo bee bo! So disappointed in you. - [SIGHS] - We can hear you again! Bee bo snee bo. That's Warwick, right? You all should have trusted me not to spoil the book. When a knight gives their word, they keep it. Now let's get outta here before... SPIDER: [SQUEALING] No, spider's back! SPIDER: [SQUEALING] Slobwick, attack! Uh-oh! Sneaky coward! [SQUEALING] Oh, no, I'm gonna nervous dance again. Sir Gareth, you have to fight her. I can't. They're endangered. And I respect all man-eating creatures. What? Oh, but... I can distract it while you run to safety. [ROAR OF EFFORT] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] SIR GARETH: [ROAR OF EFFORT] Go! Go! Go! [ROAR OF EFFORT] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] Yes! I saved those kids like Hagatha saved the day at Hag prom. You just spoiled the book! Oh, sorry. Thought you were gone. [MAGIC WHOOSHING] Sorry I'm late. Oh. No worries. Your Dad gave me bubbly water... And this random bar of gold. Just call me King Cool Dad. Can King Cool Dad give us some privacy? Totes me gotes. Yeah, that was weird. This is gonna be difficult, but... I've been keeping something from you. I've got something to tell you, too, and it's absolutely killing me, so, I have to go first. What is it? [HEAVY SIGH] I became your friend for the wrong reason. I was trying to get you to like my squad mate Warwick. What? He has a big crush on you. And he wanted me to tell you that he can do ten push-ups. But I couldn't do that. It's just too big of a lie. So, you were just hanging out with me for Warwick? At first. But once I got to know you, I realized you're great. This is a big mess. I was so ashamed, I even lied to my bestie, Ciara, about meeting you. Wait, you just said "my bestie Ciara." Oh, yeah. Ciara's amazing. And she never complained whenever I'd high-five her into the next room. So, you don't think she's a 50 percent bestie? No. She's all in as my bestie. I've never had a friend like her before. The one thing is I think she's keeping a secret from me. Do you know what it is? I'm almost positive it's that she has a big crush on Warwick. I don't think that's it. Well, whatever her secret is, I'd never wanna pressure her into telling me before she's ready. I just hope she knows that I'm always here for her. Look, I bet if she was here right now, she'd say, "you are the best bestie ever. I love you so much." That is what she would say. Hey, what did you want to tell me? Hearing you talk about this stranger Ciara made me realize... it can wait. New friend handshake? BOTH: ♪ Friends ♪ - Bye. - See ya. I heard everything. It was beautiful. Prudy is such a great friend. Well, I guess we all learned that friendship is a lot like balloon art. Oh. It's delicate and there's a lot of twists and turns. But if you can bend a little, without breaking, you'll end up with something... that'll help you pass your art elective! It looks like me and Prudy. I have to go show her this. Yeah, you do. Wait! That's my final project! ♪ Oh, oh, hey ♪ Corrected & Synced by Bakugan ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ ♪♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 