iZombie: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e6 - Virtual Reality Bites - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Virtual Reality Bites - full transcript 
 Liv inherits agoraphobia -- and computer gaming skills -- after eating a hacker's brain. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  So how did you  become a zombie?
  You clawed my forearm.
  You are who you eat.
  You don't just  have their visions,
  You also get some of their  personality traits.
  You're a zombie now.
  For a mere 25k a month,
  I've got the brains  you need to keep  all your pistons firing.
  My roommate  took his skateboard out,
  Said he was going  to the park  for a couple hours.
  That was four days ago.
  All right, i'm gonna walk this  over to missing persons  right now. Nice kicks.
  -Have you seen my friend?  -Brother, i just saw him.
  Blaine: We'll have  you to him in no time.
  Be my guest.
  I met another zombie.
  -Friendly?  -Quite.
  Who knows if we even  like each other.
  But what have we got to lose?
  Hey, where did you  get those shoes?
  (grunting)
  (gasps)
  Easy.  You're lucky you're not dead.
  Although, if you were,  this would come  much more naturally to me.
  You know what  you're doing, right?
  I mean, theoretically. Sure.
  But did you consider  a trip to the er?
  I'm a social worker.
  My insurance covers, like,  one band-aid a year.
  Major? What the hell?
  It's nothing.
  Those are y-incision  stitches. They need  to be closer together,
  Unless you're going  for that frankenstein look.
  The man's too good-looking.  I'm giving him character.
  -Should i just take over?  -Please, god, yes.
  How did this happen?
  He got into a fight.
  I went looking for jerome.
  And found the candyman.
  Remember? That guy jerome said  was handing out utopium,
  Inviting kids back to his van?
  He's a real person, then?  The candyman?
  He was wearing  jerome's high tops.
  How did you know  they were jerome's?
  They were cool shoes, but they  weren't one of a kind.
  They were jerome's.
  So our friend here  went full vigilante.
  Batman versus the candyman.  Point candyman.
  And i assume that fight  solved everything.
  You and the candyman  shook hands, and he  led you right to jerome.
  -He knows something.  -(cell phone vibrating)
  I know it.
  You're a social worker, not a  cop. You could've been killed.
  I was an all-conference  strong safety
  For the washington  huskies, baby.
  A head-hunter.  I'm a dangerous man.
  The candyman is dangerous-er.
  Please promise me  that that's the last time
  You'll take matters  into your own hands.  There's a reason...
  Liv tell you about the guy  she met at the wake  the other night?
  Musician type?  If i hadn't stumbled in
  And totally rocker-blocked  this dude... Ow!
  Quite an imagination  you have there.
  Have some faith in me,  all right?
  I've been girding myself  for this day.
  Come on. Who's your buddy?
  I'm your buddy.
  Eager to share the highs  and lows of your life.
  Mmm-hmm.
  New customer! 300-pounder  dropped dead on his stairs.  Our services are required.
  Just a second.  I don't want it to pop.
  That's fine. Chicks dig scars.
  (doorbell ringing)
  We've got a spinach quiche,  freshly-baked baguette...
  Spicy mustard and gulai otak.
  Where's the gulai otak?
  Are you sure  it's not in there?
  Yes, i'm sure!
  Okay, um, i'll run back  to meat cute and i'll be  back in 20 minutes.
  I don't think  i can wait that long.
  (theme song playing)
  Whew!  That is straight-up nasty.
  I believe the professional  term is "ugh."
  Camphor?  It'll help with the stench.
  (grunts)
  Ah, better. Thanks.
  Our vic is simon cutler,  32 years old.
  Damn, this is the ripest  dude i've smelled.
  His skin reminds me of a grape  that was left out in the sun  too long and split open.
  You just ruined grapes for me.
  Okay, our guy here  was a total shut-in.
  No one's seen him in years,  a regular willy wonka.
  He'd receive all necessities  through the dog hatch  on the front door.
  Apparently there was  a pile of unopened  deliveries spilling out,
  So a neighbor  called the police.
  Uh, i'm gonna need  more of that camphor.
  So no one's been in or out?
  No. Which should make figuring  out what killed him easy.
  How long do you think  he's been here?
  Well, based on the purple  hue of the skin,
  I'd say he's  between putrefaction  and black putrefaction.
  You see how swollen  his tongue is?
  I'll take your word for it.
  A week, maybe two.
  By the looks  of his computer setup,
  He could've been directing  air traffic down here.
  Day trader, maybe?
  Hmm. The carpet's sticky.  Nice shag.
  Apparently he's been  down here since 1974.
  Spilled his soda  when he collapsed.
  Fried chicken. Fried pies.
  My money says big boy  here had a heart attack.
  Well, a heart attack  is a reasonable hypothesis,
  But seeing as he's  in his early 30s
  And hasn't been  to the hospital recently,  an autopsy is de rigueur.
  It means required.
  You know, my french tutor,  mademoiselle perrier,
  Is gonna be so disappointed  i blanked on that one.
  (coughs)
  Confetti?
  (clive reading)
  Well, it was a memorable one.
  (sirens wailing)
  Oh. Seems the neighbors  are curious about the man  behind the dog hatch.
  Excuse me, officer,  what happened to him?  Do you know?
  Yeah, did he suffer?
  Hey, how long was he in there?
  (phone clicking)
  Come on, man,  show some respect.
  What the hell is wrong  with these people?
  (ringing and vibrating)
  (sighs)
  Was i unclear?
  Our sex life is more  me calling you
  When i'm so inclined,
  And you resisting  the urge to call me.
  My delivery hasn't  arrived yet.
  It should have been  there hours ago.
  Well, it's not.
  How about i bring you  a special delivery myself?
  No. I just didn't  want to be charged.
  You know what?  I just remembered,  that my doorbell is broken,
  So he probably  came by after all.
  Anyway, i have a meeting,  so i better boogie.
  I'll come by later  and pick something up.
  Sorry to trouble you.
  No worries.
  Another piece of confetti  in his eyeball.
  It is sad, don't you think?  Hermit threw himself  a little party.
  "happy birthday to me!"  handful of confetti  in the air.
  Internal organs are liquefied.
  Please say heart attack.  I don't wanna eat, nay,  drink rotten brains.
  Arteries weren't blocked.  No scar tissue  around the heart.
  Heart attack seems unlikely.
  You know, almost anything,  if you deep fry it...
  Detective babineaux,  what can we do for you?
  I'm hoping you can  tell me what happened  to mr. Cutler here.
  Dead 10 days.  No cause of death yet.
  I've sent his blood samples to  that lab for bio-chem testing.
  That'll give us  more to work with.
  I'm afraid  all the decomposition  slows us down a bit.
  Well, maybe i can  speed things up.
  It turns out our friend here  was one of the most hated  people on the internet.
  I just spent an hour  looking through death threats  levied against the man.
  We're almost certainly  looking at murder.
  Son of a bitch!
  You've grown attached  to this one, huh?
  Man's inhumanity to man.  Do you ever  really get used to it?
  I'm pretty used to it.
  Apparently, cutler here was  an internet troll and hacker
  Known hither and yon  as the sim reaper.
  There's already a website up  celebrating this guy's demise.
  Oh, let's pull it up,  shall we?
  An internet troll.  Is that like a cyberbully?
  Well, if he's an accomplished  hacker, then he's like a  cyberbully with super powers.
  All right, sim reaper.  Here we go.
  Are all of those  links about him?
  Yup. Plus some  of sim reaper's work.
  Sexist public commentary,  fascist political screeds,
  Taking credit for shutting  down websites,
  Hacking into people's  cloud-based accounts, sharing  their personal content.
  What kind of person does that?
  Click right there  and hear for yourself.
  It's the one known recording  of simon cutler,
  A customer service call  gone very wrong.
  Woman: Customer service,  this is shanie.
  Simon: (distorted)  shanie, perfect!
  I've been on hold  for 45 minutes.
  Shanie: I'm sorry about that,  sir. Can i have your account  number, please?
  Simon: I've given it.  Several times.
  Shanie: Your name, then.  I'm happy to look it up.
  Simon: I am the  sim reaper, shanie.  I am the keeper of the web.
  Ceos of fortune 500 companies  tremble before me.
  I am invisible, intangible,  untouchable.
  I am the bringer  of cyber-darkness.
  Fail me, and i will delete you  like so much digital noise.
  (keyboard clicks)
  Why are all the good ones  unavailable?
  I have forensics looking  at his laptop for leads.
  But if you get any psychic  stirrings, let me know.
  Don't worry, detective.  I'm sure liv will suck it up  and help any way she can.
  (sighs)
  I can't believe  you actually drank that.
  Simon cutler's rotten brains  go down in history  as the worst. By far.
  Frankly, i'm impressed  that they went down at all.
  I have my first zombie date  tonight. How do you think  puking on him is gonna play?
  Maybe if you ate something?  Something else.
  Like saltines maybe.  It's worth a shot.
  Hey, where did these  donuts come from?
  Oh, i brought them in  as a peace offering  for the early crew.
  I'd offer you one, but  you've never been a donut fan.
  Liv: (thinking) mmm. Donuts.
  Great. I ate  homer simpson's brain.
  (simon panting)
  (gasps)
  (wheezes)
  (coughs)
  Are you all right?
  He was choking on a donut.  He couldn't breathe.
  I think it was a food allergy.
  What, you think  something in the donut  caused anaphylaxis?
  He barely made it up those  stairs we found him on
  And gave himself  a shot of epinephrine.
  That may be why  he was found on those stairs.
  He was trying  to get to an epipen  and he didn't make it.
  Except i didn't find any  trigger foods in his stomach.
  No peanuts. No shellfish.
  Then what the hell killed him?
  Coral: Why don't you tell us  why you're back here, joey?
  I got booted from my house.
  Again.
  We know that. But why?
  You've got the file.
  If you don't share,  that's a privilege drop,
  And i don't wanna have to...
  Major, what happened  to your face?
  Rollerblading.  It's back, people.
  Joey, what are you  doing back here?
  Trashed my mom's place.
  Now why would you do that?
  Mike was being a tool.
  Joey, we've established  that mike is always a tool.
  But trashing your  mom's place? That's you  surrendering control.
  Come on, man.
  Coral:  And that's one of the things  joey will be working on.
  (cell phone vibrating)
  Finding healthy ways  to express his anger.
  No phones during group.  Privilege drop!
  You went looking for eddie  and jerome, didn't you?
  That's you surrendering  to your messiah complex, dude.
  Reality check time.
  They're dead.
  So you're telling me the most  hated man on the internet
  Was killed by a donut?
  No. Anaphylactic shock  killed him. But there was  no food in his system.
  In my vision, it was a donut  that almost killed him.
  No idea what triggered the  anaphylactic shock this time.
  I'm confused.
  Yeah, so are we.
  (siren wailing)
  (heart beating)
  (distorted) liv?
  (in normal voice) you okay?
  Yeah. Sorry, i...
  ...Think maybe my breakfast  didn't agree with me.
  "happy birthday!"  and you're dead.
  If i didn't know better, i'd  swear you're having a vision.
  Hold on.  Simon cutler's birthday is...
  I just typed it  into my police report.
  His birthday isn't for  another four months.
  Who sends a card  that far ahead of time?
  And with nothing  written on the inside?
  -No stamp.  -Hand delivered.
  Maybe the card was  a message from the killer.
  -Oh, my god, the confetti.  -The what?
  The confetti.  It was scattered on the rug.
  We even dug some  out of simon's eye.
  It's a confetti flinger.  You open the card and  confetti shoots out.
  My sorority used these  during rush to let pledges  know they were accepted.
  "congrats, you're a mu theta."  fwick!
  Can i see that?
  What does that smell  like to you?
  Peanuts.
  The confetti flinger
  Was a peanut powder  delivery system.
  Congratulations, detective.  You've discovered  the murder weapon.
  Liv: Assist a detective  in solving a murder case.
  Help stave off  a zombie apocalypse.  Fake being a psychic.
  I've got a lot of balls  in the air.
  Yet here i am,  getting ready for a date.
  The last time i sweated  an outfit choice was  the night major proposed.
  Of course,  i did it the five nights  leading up to the proposal,
  Because i was sure  it was coming.
  I was sure about  everything with major.
  There was no debating  whether or not he was the one.
  I didn't worry i'd get bored  of being with the same  person year after year.
  He was it for me.  I thought i'd spend the rest  of my life with major.
  And i guess i did.  But apparently my death  is a new chapter.
  Bizarre as that may be.
  (panting)
  (heart beating)
  What the hell?
  (phone ringing)
  Recording: This is lowell,  leave a message.
  Hey, lowell. So sorry  to do this on a message,  but i have to cancel.
  I'm literally seconds away  from puking. I, i...  It hit me out of nowhere.
  And i'm calling you from  the bathroom floor right now.  I hope you understand...
  Oh, my god. I'm such an idiot.  I totally forgot you're  a zombie. I can just tell you.
  I had a bad batch of  agoraphobe brain and can't  get out of my apartment.
  Okay. Bye.
  Dr. Chakrabarti.
  Wanted to share intel  on that near decapitation.
  They said he was found  by some hikers out  on cold creek trail.
  But the body was covered  in bear saliva,
  So i'm guessing the bear got  to him before the hikers did.
  Could a bear have done this?
  Well, the bear was responsible  for the scratching and gnawing  part, all postmortem.
  But the wounds on the neck  are consistent with those  of a carpenter's claw hammer.
  Fingerprints confirm  our vic's michael dornan, 18.
  A foster kid who's been in and  out of juvie since he was 11.
  -That's curious.  -Why is that?
  Well, the contents  of his stomach. Look.
  It reads like the main course  at a shah wedding.
  Wagyu beef.  Italian white truffles.
  If somebody poured in  a bottle of bordeaux,  it would be my dream meal.
  Is there a point?
  You're not much of  a foodie, are you?
  Wagyu beef is about  $100 for a filet.
  Italian white truffles  are about $200 an ounce.
  This street kid had about $500  worth of food in his stomach.
  How does a down-and-out kid
  Have access  to that kind of food?
  Has liv had a look at him?
  Sadly, she's home, sick.
  Yeah, i could use her help  on the cutler case too.
  Our forensics guys  couldn't find anything  on simon's laptop.
  I was hoping liv could look at  it, maybe get some whoo-whoo.
  I was planning on  dropping in on her later.
  I'd be happy to drop  the laptop off if you'd like.
  What am i supposed  to do with it?
  Well, clive thought if you  handled simon's laptop,  you might pick something up.
  Yeah, i know how clive thinks  my fake psychic powers work,  but what's your endgame here?
  Are you expecting me  to eat the hard drive?
  It's password protected,  what am i supposed to...
  (computer chimes)
  Okay. That was kind of creepy.
  Or kind of amazing.
  I've got simon's  muscle memory.
  Please don't let me be  opening gross porn.
  -Seriously.  -(game theme music playing)
  What are the chances  an agoraphobe in his 20s
  Was not a chronic  chicken choker?
  What the hell  is warlock forest?
  Have you been living  under a crag?
  Which is a large jagged rock  in warlock forest.
  It's an mmorpg. A multiplayer  online role playing game.
  Oh, is that one of those games  where grown men pretend to be
  Warrior gnomes and quest  after magical knickknacks?
  No. It's one of those  games where hard-working  professionals can relax
  Whilst performing  virtual heroic acts
  That require creativity,  tactical skill and teamwork,
  While saving the  moss princess.
  It's a billion-dollar  industry.
  Some people even get  paid loads of money
  To level up characters  that can dominate  in these games.
  People make money  playing video games?
  Oh, yeah, it's big business.
  This is dorky...
  Wait, what did i just do?
  Oh, you're a trollock.
  I'm a polish troll?
  You're a troll with warlock  abilities. The second most  powerful of all the halflings.
  Those are the people  you're playing with.  They saw you log on.
  At 3:00 p.M. On a weekday,  people are sitting around  waiting for a polish troll.
  Character: (distorted)  master! You have returned!
  Hey, who's this jackass?
  All hail sim reaper!
  He's talking to you.
  Your mortal enemy full auto  has claimed he killed you
  For exterminating  all of his soul brethren.
  Sim reaper exterminating  full auto's soul brethren
  Could've cost a serious player  many thousands of dollars.
  Full auto shall send forth  waves of minions  bent on your destruction.
  You must take back  tree palace.
  You have to respond.
  Everyone uses voice  modulation, so they  won't know you're a girl.
  I'm not taking back  tree palace.
  You must!
  Liv, if anything brought  me to violence
  It'd be someone exterminating  my soul brethren.
  You have to play to find  this full auto guy.  He could be our killer.
  I don't even know  what i'm doing.
  Yet i know that  if i use my freezing rod  on these fire witches,
  I can take out  all seven at once.  But i hate this kind of crap.
  I'll go home and log in.  I can help you  from inside the game.
  How will i know who you are?
  I'm a were-terrier  with healing abilities  called arf vader.
  This is going to be epic.
  Jerome on computer:  Aw, man! That's brutal.  Try to do that one more time.
  Jerome?
  Is it too loud?
  No, i just, uh...
  I heard jerome  and thought maybe...
  Your optimism is tragic.  (chuckles)
  It's just old skate stuff  jerome posted on youtube.  It's how we share tricks.
  Is there a lot of footage  like this from the skate park?
  Yeah. There's like  hundreds of videos,
  And maybe four  don't completely suck.
  Why are you scoping  the crowd? It's all  skate skanks and hobos.
  Okay, keep going.
  Okay, we're going in  fast and tight.
  If you're casting vapor  spells, you need to be  casting as we enter.
  Full auto's all about  the obscuring veil,  so remember to stay centered.
  They'll be blasting orbs,  but if we hit them heavy  with diviners
  And reserve our gem spells,  we can take these bitches.
  And this should go  without saying,
  But don't use  your multi-crystals  until we're inside.
  Arf vader...
  Do you have boon to revive us?
  I only have enough boon  to resurrect four people.
  Timber, you're on recon  for arf. Okay, we're going.
  Stay in formation!
  Why am i not seeing shields?  Timber, if we lose arf,  i will crush you.
  I will drive you into the sea  and hear the lamentations  of your women!
  Vapor casters,  why am i not clouded  in iridescence right now?
  (clears throat)
  Mom! Hi.
  Peyton told me you were sick.  I thought i'd come by  and take care of you.
  Mmm. That's so sweet.
  Wait, who the hell  just cast an opal rendering?
  -Olivia? I brought you...  -(clattering)
  Soup.
  I'm sorry. We're storming  the tree palace right now
  And i've got fire witches  up my ass and a battalion  of idiots who don't understand
  What "reserve your  gem spells" means.
  Well, this is the most engaged  i've heard you sound  in a long time.
  I wish it were  with actual people.
  Honey, i know this has been  a challenging year.
  And i want you to know  that i love you.
  And all i want for you  is to be happy.
  But i worry that you're  letting your life pass you by.
  Sorry, mom. What did you say?
  Just, sit up straight,  sweetheart.
  Thank you. For the soup.
  This is important  police business.
  Hmm.
  We're in! We're in!
  Take this boon and you can't  be killed for five minutes.
  It's your only boon.
  You need to find full auto.
  Ravi: Oh, my god.  He's coming for you!
  Character: (distorted)  sim reaper? I killed you.  You were dead.
  Vengeance was mine.
  -(computer chimes)  -yeah. I don't think so.
  My name's olivia moore  and i'm with the seattle  police department.
  I need to ask you  a few questions regarding  the murder of simon cutler,
  Also known as sim reaper.
  -Seriously?  -(skype ringtone chiming)
  Full auto?
  Am i gonna need a lawyer?
  -You're full auto?  -Yeah.
  -How old are you?  -Fourteen.
  Wait, did you say  you were from the seattle  police department?
  Is that where sim reaper  was from?
  -You didn't know?  -Well, there were  a lot of theories.
  There was a whole warlock  forest thread devoted to
  Who the reaper was  and where he lived.  No one knew for sure.
  -So he's really dead?  -Yes.
  And you think i had  something to do with it?
  -Well, you threatened him.  -In a game.
  And even if i knew who he was,  how would i get to seattle?
  I live in new york.
  That's the empire state  building, lady.
  (sighs)
  Fourteen, lives in new york,  had no idea who simon was  or where he lived.
  That is depressing news.
  A 14-year-old kid had  over 20 soul brethren.  My highest was three.
  (doorbell rings)
  Hang on a sec.
  You sounded overwhelmed  in your message, so...
  You're giving me  anti-anxiety meds.
  I ate a brain with ptsd  a few weeks ago.
  It took four to put a dent  in it, but it got me through.
  If you're sharing prescription  drugs with me, i should  at least offer you a drink.
  I'll call you back later.
  -Of course. Don't do  anything i wouldn't...  -(clicks)
  So...
  Did you run out of napkins  or were you just fondled  by an oompa loompa?
  There's some on your butt too.  Not that i was looking.
  I clearly  was expecting visitors.
  Sorry if it's distracting.
  It's probably the least  distracting thing about you.
  Whoa. Slow your roll,  silver-tongued devil.  Baby steps.
  This is a new thing for me.  Dating.
  Oh, this isn't a date.  It's a drop-by.
  Maybe that's what you call it  in buckingham regalshire.
  Learn your british accents.  I'm from london.
  And i'm pretty sure "drop by"  is an american term.
  Whatever this is, i haven't  done it in a long time.
  And i didn't think  i'd be doing it again.
  With anyone other than the guy  i was supposed to marry.
  -You were engaged?  -Up until i became a zombie.
  And i'm not over it at all.
  I need to get there  eventually, but...
  -Do you?  -Need to get over it?
  Yeah.
  Well, what's the alternative?
  Stay in love with a guy  i can never be with?
  You know people do that  all the time, right?
  I'm sorry. I'm being that girl  who talks about her ex.
  Yeah, but you're also the girl  who had this freakish  thing happen to her,
  And you're discussing it  with probably the one guy  who would understand.
  So, what brings a nice british  lad like you to seattle?
  Well, i had to escape  the chilly, wet,
  Depressing london weather.
  So, seattle, naturally.
  There may have  also been a girl.
  Oh, there's always a girl.
  So, your ex, what's he like?
  Determined.
  Hey, ravi,  you gotta look at this.
  You see that guy?
  I see a blurry face.
  He's the one who beat me up.
  I've watched a hundred  of these videos,  and he keeps popping up.
  But i can't find  a good shot of him.
  You've popped a stitch.
  Ah.
  I'm gonna run over to liv's.
  Uh, maybe you shouldn't.
  -Uh, it's late.  -Yeah, she's always up late.
  Ooh, let me. Uh, there's  a sewing kit in the bathroom
  That i nicked from  a posh hotel when  my cousin got married.
  I'd rather not use a hotel  sewing kit on my face, but...
  I can fix one stitch.  Major, you really shouldn't.
  (chuckles)
  She's not alone.
  -Sorry.  -It's fine.
  Thanks for letting me know.
  You woke up in a body bag?  I'm not kidding,
  I genuinely used  to have a recurring  nightmare about that.
  I can see why. You're up.
  My mate's bachelor party.  I drank too much, passed out,
  Woke up in the drunk tank  of the county jail  with a scratch on my leg.
  -No idea how it happened.  -What the hell?
  How many of us  are there out there?
  Well, there can't be that many  if you're the first i've seen.
  And i'd like to think  that there would be a
  Special bulletin if there  were roaming packs of zombies.
  How do you eat?
  A funeral home over on baker.
  For the right price,  a mortician will look  the other way.
  I assume since you work  in a morgue...
  You assume correctly.
  Oh, yeah...
  I long for the days  when i just had to explain
  To some drunk groupie  how i got the inspiration  for my songs.
  I'm not really  the groupie type, but
  Next time you play,  i'd love to come see you.
  I don't play in public  anymore.
  A week after  the bachelor party
  I had a show, went on stage.
  And got that pre-gig  adrenaline rush,
  And started to...
  You know, um, so...
  For everyone's safety,  i stopped playing shows.
  I can still play  in the studio.
  I am so sorry.
  That is so incredibly  unfair and awful.
  Um, it's... You know,  it's funny, i, i...
  I didn't think that i was  the type of guy who wanted
  People to feel bad  for me, but...
  You just said the exact thing  i've been dying for someone  to say to me.
  I am sorry.
  It's fine. I'm just not...
  I, i know you're not.  Um, uh, you, you...
  Made that very clear. I, um...
  Uh, let's, let's just...
  Whoa! Uh...
  I did not predict that you'd  be a fan of the slutty  women of middle earth.
  I'm not blowing you off.  It's just this is a lead  in the case i'm working on.
  Of course, um... I should go.
  -It's not about...  -No, no, no. Uh...
  Our murder victim  might have been killed  by a donut.
  I, i get it.
  Thank you. I'll call you.  Really!
  I'm sorry, but we're closed.
  Detective babineaux,  seattle pd.
  Have you ever seen this man?
  I can't say he looks familiar.
  Perhaps a coworker could look?
  No, it's just me.  But leave the photo.  I'll show the staff tomorrow.
  Out of curiosity,  what's he done?
  He died.
  Oh, no. That's awful.  So young.
  He had a very specific  type of meat and truffle  combination in his stomach
  That's only sold at a few  shops here in seattle,  including this one.
  I figured maybe someone  here might have seen him.
  (thudding)
  Didn't you say  you were alone here?
  That's just the ice machine  dropping a load.
  Scares the hell out of me  sometimes when i'm here  by myself.
  Do you wanna  take a look around,  detective? Come on back.
  Fair warning, though.  It is a butcher shop.
  The guts. The carnage.  It can be like gettysburg  back there.
  Some people find it  disturbing. Not me.
  They say you don't wanna know  how the sausage is made.
  I'm the guy who just  had to know.
  Come on. I'd love to give  you the nickel tour.
  You're a homicide detective.  I'm sure you've seen worse.
  And you have to sample  the blood pudding.
  It is the best in town.
  (cell phone vibrates)
  Babineaux.
  I've got something  on the simon cutler case.
  You've gotta see this.
  All right, i'll be there  in 10. I'm just leaving  that charcuterie on pine.
  My info is on the back  of the photo.
  If any of your employees  remember anything,  have 'em call me.
  Absolutely.
  Do we know sim reaper's dead?
  We cracked open a 1000-dollar  bottle of wine that my father  bequeathed to me.
  We were supposed to hand  it down to our children.
  But we like to live  in the moment.  And this felt like one.
  So you were happy about it?
  -Delighted.  -Euphoric.
 Liv on computer:  Can you reposition me? I can't  really see their faces.
  Oh, sorry about that.
  My partner here found a yelp  review of your establishment,  the best all around donuts...
  Former establishment.
  ...Written by the sim reaper.
  Okay, right there is good.
  Which was the online  alias of simon cutler.
  Mmm-hmm.
  "i told these morons  when i ordered their crullers,  'no peanuts, morons.'
  "but the morons said they  were nut-free, so i ate them  and they almost killed me.
  "now i'm taking  my business elsewhere
  "and using every breath i take  to obliterate their pitiful  little crap-shack."
  Not the sort of feedback  you'd display on your  cash register, was it?
  Our crullers had no nuts.
  Yeah, after we saw the review,  we learned that our canola oil
  Comes from a factory  where they make peanut oil  in the same machinery.
  Before we could switch brands,  we were swamped
  With this tidal wave  of negative reviews.
  "i found a rat tail  in my maple bar."
  Outrageous stuff like that.
  We put our life savings  into that place.
  (snaps fingers)  like that, it was gone.
  I mean, he must've  generated 50 scathing  reviews on his own.
  That killed your business.
  If you wanted to kill him,  it also gave you an idea  on how to do it.
  Anaphylactic shock.
  That's what killed him?  The reports didn't say.
  To the rest of the world he  was this mysterious shut-in.
  But you knew where he lived.  You brought him crullers.
  We didn't even know  the guy's real name.
  We delivered crullers to  a hundred different addresses.
  We weren't delivering  to sim reaper.
  We likely would've  remembered that address.
  "simon cutler" meant  nothing to us.
  Liv on computer:  They have motive, clive.  Motive and means.
  But you know what?  I don't think they did it.
  Maybe you got a different  vibe sitting there  in the room with them,
  But from where i sit,  if they were lying,  they were doing it well.
  Admitting they celebrated  the man's death.
  Were you saying something?
  (sighs) my gut says  they're innocent.
  Which would mean we're back to  no one knew the guy's address.
  He never left his house.
  That gamer kid i tracked down  implied that the yelp review
  Was the only clue anyone had  about where he lived.
  Best all around donuts  delivered in  a three-mile radius.
  What did he say?
  He wasn't going to stop  eating donuts completely.
  "i'm taking my business  elsewhere."
  Do you realize  what that means?
  There must be other  donut shops that delivered  to that same area! Right?
  Are you there, clive?
  Yeah, he probably realized  what that means.
  (doorbell buzzing)
  -I thought it was broken.  -Oh, it was.
  It works intermittently.
  Must be a loose wire  or something.
  Or something.
  What you working on?
  Oh, one of my clients  wants a trend analysis  report on nesting.
  Is it over, or is it  transitioning into cocooning?
  Huh!
  Here's what happened  today on my job.
  A cop came in looking  for my dead delivery boy.
  Dead?
  That's terrible.
  Oh, jackie.
  Nesting is so over.
  (cries out)
  -(drill whirring)  -(screaming)
  The crime scene photos  from simon's basement show
  Several empty boxes  from donuts etc.
  I spoke to the manager  and he wouldn't provide me  with a list of employees.
  He said he'd need a warrant.  I'm not sure a judge is gonna  buy our logic on this.
  -The donuts etc. On king?  -Yeah. Why?
  Let me call you right back.
  Liv: Another  mom and pop donut shop.  Rudimentary security.
  Nothing a little sql injection  won't reduce to rubble.
  Boom! Authenticated.
  Welcome to the database.  Your employee lists, please.
  Grazie.
  All the hacking in the world  doesn't make up
  For slipshod record keeping.
  No clue which ones  are the delivery guys.  No termination dates.
  Hundreds of names.  Okay, one by one it is.
  Who just had a birthday?
  'cause one of you wanted  simon cutler to know
  Even as he was  choking to death,  that you were the killer.
  (simon coughing)
  (card playing  ring around the rosie)
  (groans)
  (exhales)
  Ring around the rosie?
  Well, well, well.  Look who's back from the dead.
  -(chuckles)  -she walks.
  Am i walking?
  I feel like my feet are little  hovercrafts, gliding six  inches above the ground.
  I should probably sit. Whoo!
  Hey, way to stick the landing.
  Sorry, heavily medicated.
  Took a few pills  for what ails me.
  I hope you also took the bus.
  -What's up?  -I had a vision.
  It was the moment  that the birthday card  shot confetti
  And peanut dust  into the face of simon cutler.
  It was just as we pe-spected.  Subsected? Suspected?
  But there was another thing.  The card had  a music chip in it.
  When cutler opened it,  ring around the rosie  started playing.
  A message from the killer.  He wanted cutler  to know who he was.
  Cutler stepped on the card.  The chip must have fallen  into the deep shag.
  You know,  if we can get the list of  donuts etc. Employees,
  We can see if there  are any names on there  that make sense.
  Uh, yeah. I got my hands  on just such a list.
  Don't ask, and i won't lie.
  I don't suppose there was  a rosie on the list?
  Or a freddy ring?
  That song was about  the black plague.
  The black plague was caused  by rats, and there was  a ratzinger on the list
  With a birthday last month,  but that's not our guy.
  You know who our guy is?  You wanna just share?
  I'm building the drama.
  I'm at the edge of my seat.
  Yeah, i've seen this guy.
  From the crime scene.
  "did he suffer?"  that's what he asked.
  And his name? Sean posey.
  As in, "pocketful of posies,  we all fall down."
  I got that shot  off his facebook page.
  Tell me his birthday matches  the date of the murder.
  No such luck.  But his sister's does.
  Okay, enough with  the escalating drama.  Who's his sister?
  Shanie on recording:  Your name, then.  I'm happy to look it up.
  Simon: (distorted)  i am the sim reaper, shanie.  I am the keeper of the web.
  Ceos of fortune 500 companies  tremble before me.
  I am invisible, intangible,  untouchable.
  I am the bringer  of cyber-darkness.
  Fail me, and i will delete you  like so much digital noise.
  What a ridiculous man.
  But not one  to make idle threats.
  Your sister posted the call  on her facebook page.
  One of her friends  put it on youtube.
  Two million hits later,  he hacked into all of your  sister's personal accounts.
  Facebook, okcupid,  instagram, e-mail.
  He messed with all of her  tax records and insurance,  medical, dmv.
  Posted photoshopped  pornographic images  of her on twitter.
  He destroyed her life.
  Got her fired.  Broke up her relationship.  Gave her a criminal record.
  Put her on sex offender  and no-fly lists.
  Humiliated her.
  After a year of that  harassment,
  She couldn't take it anymore,
  So she went to  the aurora bridge  and jumped to her death.
  Your only clue to sim reaper's  real identity was the best all  around donuts review.
  That gave you a three-mile  delivery radius.
  So you got a job  at a donut shop  that served the same area.
  I got jobs at three donut  shops in the area  before i found him.
  You have a finance degree from  the university of chicago.
  Weren't you a little  overqualified  to deliver donuts?
  You realize you'll probably
  Spend the rest  of your life in jail.
  It was worth it.
  Liv: Sean posey  let a tragedy ruin his life.
  His sister died,  and he couldn't get past it.
  Now two lives are ruined.
  What was it mom said?  Right before  "sit up straight"?
  Something about not letting  life pass me by.
  (liv whistles)
  Hey.
  Hey.
  I thought maybe we could  pick up the date  from where we left off.
  I think we left off  at me awkwardly  fleeing your apartment.
  A little before that, then.  The part where you made  a move and i ducked it.
  Yes, please.  Let me relive that.
  It wasn't my finest  moment, either.
  You spent six years  thinking your life was going  in a different direction.
  I think you're allowed  a duck or two.
  I get it.  You're still not over him.
  No. But i'm a little closer.
  Liv, it's fine.  I'm in no rush to...
  Argh! That's rubbish.
  You're rubbish.  And i am the man  that takes out the rubbish.
  Hey! I found a good,  clean shot of the candyman!
  Check your text!
  No worries. I can check  my phone, trim my beard,
  And still trounce  this pathetic pillock.
  Do you think she sucked  the marrow from life?
  I think she did. She  looks like a marrow-sucker.
  Forget her. Look at this.
  Major found the candyman  and someone else.
  Blaine isn't robbing graves  to feed himself.
  It would appear not.
  All those kids missing  from the skate park...  Major's kids...
  Eva: I'm glad  you found this space.  You're so close to my house.
  Although my waistline wishes  you were in tacoma.
  Ooh! Hello.  Rabbit pistachio terrine.
  You're hiring?  Because my son needs a job.
  He's 16. Is that too young?
  Let's have him  fill out an application,  see what happens.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 