iZombie: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Olivia "Liv" Moore was a rosy-cheeked, disciplined, over-achieving medical resident who had her life path completely mapped out, until the night she attended a party that unexpectedly turned into a zombie feeding frenzy. Now as one of the newly undead, Liv has devised a clever way to resist her baser urges to devour fresh human brains - she's taken a job in the Seattle coroner's office. In this ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: This was my life  before i died.
  17-year-old male.  Went down playing basketball  20 minutes ago.
  -I've got no pulse.  -He's cyanotic.
  Where the hell is  our chief resident?
  Did someone page  dr. Jeffreys?
  I need x-ray, pulse ox  and a central line now.
  And the biggest needle  and syringe you've got.
  We're doing this now.
  We should wait  for dr. Jeffreys.
  (groans)
  Or not.
  Tell dr. Jeffreys  we're good here.
  Liv.
  It's so weird.
  You have all the makings  of a nemesis,
  But i actually  kind of like you.
  Want to go to a party tonight?
  Oh. I'm not really  a party person.
  Come on. Show everyone  you're not an over-achieving  pain in the ass.
  -It's on a boat.  -Thanks for the invite,  but i have plans.
  Next time, though.
  So, basically every day  of your life is like the end  of sixteen candles?
  How psyched are people  when you're their doctor?
  Seriously,  if we weren't engaged
  I'd be here getting  emergency surgery  like every other day.
  Well, in three months  i'm all yours.
  Is there any way  we can push that up to,  like, now?
  Just go elope somewhere.
  'cause i'm kind of feeling  the need to lock this down.
  Oh, so, you're not gonna  believe this.
  That girl, marcy,  who i thought  wanted to kill me.
  She invited me to a party.
  Wow. So she's embracing  your overall perfection
  Rather than trying  to destroy you.
  Well played, marcy the rival.
  -It's on a boat or something.  -Tonight? You should go.
  Seriously, you're gonna  be stuck with me  for the rest of your life.
  Go. Tie one on.
  What's the worst  that could happen?
  (woman screaming)
  (people screaming)
  (grunting)
  Liv: The worst  that can happen?
  Try an inexplicable  zombie outbreak.
  (coughs)
  Followed by a sudden desire  to eat brains.
  (exhales)
  (emt shouting)
  Liv: I knew that party  was gonna blow.
  (beeps)
  On the other hand,  how often can you say  you've been changed,
  Really changed, by a party?
  (theme song playing)
  Hey, roomie. I know  you probably won't be  super into this...
  -Okay.  -But we thought we'd reinstate  potluck tuesday.
  -"we"?  -So we can all be together.
  On tuesdays.  Like old times, right?
  'cause we all just  like love you so much.
  And want to make sure  that you know that,
  Because, uh,
  Well, we're  a little concerned.
  Very concerned, honey.  About your recent behavior.
  Which we find to be  100% unlike you.
  That's me speaking on behalf  of your brother and me.
  No, it's not.
  What i'm about to say  comes from a place of love.
  You know that, don't you?
  That kind of depends  on what you say.
  You're throwing away  your life.
  Hmm.
  You traded a topnotch  residency at the hospital
  For a job at the morgue.
  And far be it for me  to weigh in on  my daughter's personal life,
  But you will regret  breaking off  your engagement
  To major till the end of time.
  Place of love.
  Do you have any idea  how many women would kill  to be with a man like this?
  Exactly four.  Yeah, i've met 'em.
  Quality women.
  Yeah. I don't know who  they plan on killing or why  they think that's my thing,
  But they're super-hot  and ready for murder.
  I was told that, um,  we wouldn't be bringing up  the engagement today.
  Just so you know.
  It's evidence.  It speaks to state of mind.
  I was also told we're not  putting you on trial.
  Peyton: Hey,  you're not on trial.
  It's just that you've changed  so drastically since  that night on the lake.
  In the six years  we lived together,  you've been this force,
  This unstoppable,  hyper-focused fireball.
  Now you just watch tv all day  while lying on the couch.
  Like you're in a hospice.
  This is the first time  you're not volunteering
  For the children's hospital  haunted house.
  And you know  how important that is to me.
  Okay, i see that  this isn't potluck tuesday.
  It's an intervention.
  -Told you she'd figure it out.  -(sighs)
  Okay, i'll...  I'll just say it.
  We think you have ptsd.
  You go to a boat party  and a bunch of crazy drunks  start killing each other.
  And then the fire...
  I can't even imagine  what you must've seen.
  We think you need  professional help though.
  I really don't.
  But i will try to come down  and help out  at the haunted house.
  I've gotta get to work.
  Liv:  They want to help, i get it.
  But my burden is of  the bear-it-alone variety.
  The really annoying thing  is how right they are.
  But i don't have  post-traumatic stress.
  I have post-traumatic ennui.
  Post-traumatic defeatism.
  Post-traumatic  "what's the point?"
  Mmm.
  You have to see  this anterior rectus  sheath contusion.
  It looks exactly like  the virgin mary  holding a les paul.
  It would be wrong of me  to instagram that.
  Liv: Yes, it would.
  So, in the five months  you've been here,
  What's the weirdest thing  you've seen?
  You drinking cereal milk  over a corpse.
  I like that you always keep  it under 15 syllables.  It gives us a good rhythm.
  Working with my last resident  was like prepping for  the newlywed game.
  "oh, what's  your favorite color?"
  "how old were you when  you first touched a boob?"
  It's nice to know  i can dissect  a jane doe's spleen
  Without feeling obligated  to list my top  desert island albums.
  She's a jane doe?
  She was found in the back  of a garbage truck.
  Driver isn't sure  where he picked her up.
  No id,  no matching prints so far.
  The garbage truck  was using a crusher, so that  complicates cause of death.
  (cell phone chimes and buzzes)
  Duty calls.
  -(beeps)  -suicide.
  Or was it murder?
  Sew her back up,  bag her and box her.
  Liv: It's probably wrong  that every time i see  a dead body i think,
  "what the hell  am i doing with my life?"
  (whirring)
  I didn't map out  and color code  a 10-year plan for this.
  This is not me going  confidently in the direction  of my dreams.
  I used to have ambition.
  I used to be passionate,  inspired...
  Alive.
  Now, i'm mostly just hungry.
  Oh, and a zombie.  So, there's that.
  (sighs)
  (tv playing)
  I have so many questions.
  First, why the hot sauce?  Is that a zombie thing?
  (gulps)
  Everyone knows  the party line for the lake  washington massacre.
  Drugged-up college kids.  Violent fight breaks out.
  The only survivors are  the ones smart enough
  To jump ship  before the fire started.
  But i was on duty that night.
  Open.
  Ah, you see, many of  the victims were missing  significant brain mass.
  My colleagues attributed  this to the fish in the lake.
  Because we all know  rainbow trout  go right for the cranium.
  Fish. I mean, it was  right there in front of them.
  A virus, like rabies,  but not. Something worse.
  I'm sorry, i'm confused.  Am i fired  or getting a physical?
  Fired? I have like  a billon questions for you.
  I'm contemplating  asking you to move in.
  How long have you suspected?
  Since raoul cortez.
  The gangbanger,  gunshot victim?
  You finished  the autopsy for me.
  Well, the detective on  his case needed me  to open him back up.
  Guess what he was missing?
  -A strong male role model?  -And a half-pound of brain.
  See, after i confirmed  that you were a survivor  of the massacre,
  I started, you know,  opening all the bodies  you finished off for me.
  Resting heart rate.  (chuckles)  ten beats per minute.
  How have you been  so normal to me?
  What am i supposed to be?
  Freaked out?  Leading torch-wielding  villagers to my apartment?
  I've been terrified about  somebody finding out  about me for months
  And you're acting  like it's the measles  i've contracted.
  -So, you know,  no one else knows?  -God, no.
  I mean, that must be hard.
  You know, dealing with this  on your own.
  Did you know  i used to work for the cdc?
  I got canned.  Wanna know why?
  Because you believe  in zombies?
  They got tired of my warnings.
  A nuclear war  or an asteroid strike is bad,
  But the most urgent issue  facing humanity?
  Man-made plague.  Biological warfare.
  See, that night on the lake,  people were doing this new  designer drug called utopium.
  -Did you partake?  -No!
  The irony is  i don't even go to parties  with regular drugs,
  Let alone fancy  new designer drugs.
  (rap music playing)
  Hey! You looking to party?
  This is utopium.
  It'll fry your brain,  dip it in batter  and fry it again.
  Having my brain  treated like a corn dog.  Not so tempting.
  You're pretty tempting.
  (gasps)
  (people screaming)
  That's when  all hell broke loose.
  Do tell.
  (all screaming)
  (coughs)
  (breathing heavily)
  The emt was too upset  about having accidentally  bagged a "living" girl
  To ponder  any other possibilities.
  With your current condition,  certainly makes  drawing blood a challenge.
  Just so you know,  regarding my unique  dietary needs...
  I do it as infrequently  as possible.
  If i don't eat  i become dumber,  meaner.
  And i'm afraid that  if i let it go long enough,
  -I'll go all george romero.  -The hot sauce?
  Pretty much the only way  i can taste anything  is if it has at least
  Six chili peppers  next to it on a menu.
  The weirdest thing of all...
  Dr. Death.  What's the story with  my jane doe?
  You id her yet?
  Uh, not yet, detective.
  Uh, we ran her prints  through system  and got nothing back.
  I'll process  her dental records next.
  Did you find anything  in the dumpster  that can help us?
  Please say vomit.
  These.
  They aren't police issue.  They're novelty.
  Officer: I am arresting you  for shoplifting.
  You have the right to  retain counsel without delay.
  You have the right to free  and immediate legal advice  from duty counsel.
  Your report said  cause of death  was blunt force trauma.
  You sure it wasn't  just a garbage can  crushing the skull?
  Shoplifting. In canada.
  She was arrested  for shoplifting in  vancouver in 2008.
  And you know this because...
  That's when obama was elected.
  It was just a hunch.  Forget it.
  Ah, that's a pretty  specific hunch.
  Detective babineaux,  my resident, olivia moore.
  Um, i think  liv's not feeling well.
  Could it be something you ate?
  So, what?  Did she have moosehead  in the bloodstream?
  "i heart shoplifting" tattoo?
  -Well...  -Stefani germanotta!
  (scoffs)
  Arrested november 6th, 2008,  in vancouver for shoplifting.
  The prints match.  This is our girl.
  Are y'all screwing around  with me?
  How did you know that?  I want a straight answer.
  Liv's... A psychic.
  Ish...
  (chuckles)
  Fine.  That's how we'll play it.
  Everyone screws  with the new guy.
  (chuckles)
  Tell me that was  brain-related.
  It's one of the side-effects.
  When i eat a brain  i get visions.
  Flashes of memories,  or dreams.
  I don't know  exactly what they are,
  But it feels like being on  somebody else's acid trip.
  Do you mind
  If i run a cognitive  evaluation before  the end of your shift?
  And maybe get  a few saliva samples?
  Mind? It's what i live for.
  Liv: They call death  the eternal sleep.
  But i haven't slept  in five months.
  I tortured myself  obsessing over every  worst-case scenario,
  Like my best friend  catching me eating brains,
  Or my brother being consumed  in a zombie apocalypse  i unwittingly bring on.
  But it's not like  i can talk it out
  Or confide in my loved ones  about what's going on with me.
  I have no idea  who i am anymore.
  What purpose, if any, i serve.
  But the real question is  why do i suddenly,
  Desperately need a handful  of plastic eyeballs?
  Peyton: Well...
  Look who decided  to join the human race.  (chuckles)
  What station do you want?  Tombstones? Blood splatter?
  I don't really care.
  Kind of your personal  motto lately.
  Liv! Oh! I can't tell you  how happy it makes me  to see you here.
  Let's see, where to put you?  Where to put you, um...
  Why don't you grab a hammer
  And head over to where  they're building  the mad scientist's lab?
  Oh! Over there  with my ex-fiance?
  Sly, mom.
  How about i paint  tombstones instead?
  I genuinely don't understand  you anymore.
  Liv: Sorry, mom.  No way in hell
  I'm risking giving  the man i love zombie.
  (woman screaming)
  (woman screaming)
  Here's johnny!
  (gasps)
  Tv announcer: Kstw news.
  Johnny frost with  up-to-the-minute weather.
  You saw  "kstw's own johnny frost"  murder our jane doe?
  Just the pre-murder part.
  You have to tell  detective babineaux.
  I was kind of hoping  you could do that.
  You're the one who told him  i was a psychic.
  I'm having a hard enough time  pretending i'm alive,
  Let alone throwing  a performance as a psychic  into my repertoire.
  Liv.
  You ate the girl's  temporal lobe.
  Going to the police  with her potential murderer  is the least you can do.
  You're not  in vice anymore, babineaux.  This is homicide.
  -Time to step up your game.  -(man laughing)
  (clive exhales)
  Miss cleo. Tell me,  is my day going to get worse?
  -Hell if i know.  -Yeah, that's what i thought.
  Look, i saw something  i thought  you should know about.
  Oh, saw with your eyes  or saw with your "gift"?
  Cops: (singing)  ♪ ah-ah-ah  gaga-ooh-la-la ♪
  (all tittering)
  I think those guys  want your bad romance.
  Unless singing gaga  around the station  is a cop thing.
  Only after one of  their peers proudly reports  stefani germanotta
  As the name of  the murder victim.
  That name you gave me  is lady gaga's real name.
  -So you know...  -Oh.
  The jane doe must've  given that name to the police
  When she was arrested  in vancouver.  It's still the girl.
  Been in homicide  two months  without a collar.
  Lieutenant's breathing  down my neck,  and i'm back to square one.
  Like i said,  i saw something.
  I think  i saw who killed her.
  That's great. Do tell.
  I'll pick him up,  maybe grab some lunch.  (sniffs)
  What'd you say  his name was again?
  Johnny frost.
  The weather man  for channel 11?
  Look, i brought  the info to you,
  You can do with it  what you will.
  So, you just  come up in here,
  Dump a pile  of crazy on my lap
  And expect me to  put my reputation on the line  by grilling this guy?
  Yeah, i guess. Bye.
  No, no, no, no, no.  It's not gonna work like that.
  Let's you and me  go talk to the weatherman.
  Wait. Me?
  What?
  And that high pressure system
  Is gonna move  right through here
  And with it comes  the cuddle-up weather, folks.
  Start making that hot cocoa.  We're talking low 50s.
  -Man: That's great, johnny.  That's great.  -(bell dings)
  Yep. That is definitely  the guy from my vision.  Can i go now?
  Oh, hell no.
  We're about to know  whether you're the real deal  or a one-trick pony.
  Oh, what? You're gonna say,  "my psychic friend here  says you're a murderer.
  "sign this confession."
  -Nope. Won't need to.  -(unzips)
  When he sees this photo,
  His reaction will let us know  how psychic you really are.
  Excuse me, mr. Frost.
  Oh. Happy to!  Who do i make it out to?
  Seattle police department.
  I take it you know her.
  I don't.
  Any more questions,  you can ask  with my lawyer present.
  You could use some sun,  young lady.
  "here's johnny!"
  Did she record our sessions?
  Look.  I am a beloved public figure.
  Isn't there something  we could do to just  make this go away?
  Generally speaking,  murder isn't something  we just let slide.
  Murder? Tatiana's dead?
  Can you account  for your whereabouts  monday evening?
  I was here,
  On live tv at 6:00 and 11:00  doing the weather.
  I have 100,000  eye witnesses.
  I'm gonna need you  to tell me everything  you know about tatiana.
  Johnny: See, role playing.
  The trophy wife  and the intruder was one  of our go-tos.
  How do you even  know about this?
  Did you talk to tess?
  -Who's tess?  -Her friend.
  -Have they worked  together a lot?  -I don't know.
  I only doubled the fun  once on my birthday.
  Clive:  You have an address for her?
  It's not like i sent her  a christmas card.
  Clive: Call me if you think  of anything else.
  I guess i should be grateful  there's only one of me.
  If my zombie movie research  has taught me anything,
  It's that being part of  a horde would suck.
  Are you sure about  being the only one?
  There were other survivors.
  I'm not positive.
  It's one of the things  that keeps me up at night.
  But it's been five months,
  I feel like there'd be  some buzz on the street
  If we were  mid-zombie apocalypse.
  Clive: Zombies!
  I would be a dangerous man  after the zombies came.
  I wouldn't be making  any rookie mistakes.
  Is that a scratch  on my grandmother?  Blam!
  Hasta la vista, mee-ma.
  -Chivalry is dead.  -But clive's alive.
  You got an hour?
  To do that voodoo that you do.
  I haven't had  any more visions.
  You said they were triggered  when you saw the stuff
  The victim saw,  heard or smelled,
  So i made an appointment  with tatiana's friend tess.
  So...
  So, i need you  to come with me and smell,  look and listen.
  It won't take long,  just a couple of sniffs
  And a quick look-see,
  Then it's back to your lair,  dark princess.
  -Say what?  -'cause you know,  you're all...
  (stammering)  i don't know what you are.  Emo? Goth?
  Which is the one  who's too tortured  to go on living?
  What i am is a doctor  who is too busy  to do your job for you.
  You're a doctor  who is watching a movie.
  You should go.
  Technically, helping  with the investigation  is part of the job.
  (sighs)
  This tess girl also has  a clean record.
  I mean, that's two girls  who come up on the first page
  Of an internet search  for seattle escorts
  And not an arrest  between them.
  Well, maybe cops  should google more.
  See, that's what  i'm talking about.
  That whole "whatever" vibe?  I mean, what's with that?
  Why are you so concerned  with my vibe?
  I find it perplexing.
  I'm standing in a hallway  waiting to smell a call girl.
  This is vibe appropriate.
  -Ma'am.  -Mmm.
  Costs double for two.
  Oh, sorry, no english.
  (speaking foreign language)
  -What is that? Russian?  -Romanian.
  Romanian mean girl.
  What do you want, cop?  I'm busy.
  Well, i know for a fact  you've got the next hour free.
  I booked your time.
  Everything okay, tess?
  They hassling you?  She has rights.
  It's okay, truman.  Go back inside.
  Thank you for  your citizenship.
  We're here to ask  about a business associate  of yours, tatiana.
  (scoffs) tatiana!
  What has she done  this time, huh?
  I'm sorry to have to tell you,  tatiana is dead.
  She was murdered.
  When was the last time  you saw her?
  I don't know anything.
  Whoa!
  Miss...  Miss, please come out  and talk to us.
  We could use your help.
  -Did you work with her  on the night of the 16th?  -(tess sobbing)
  We don't even have a full  name for tatiana, tess.
  Her family needs  to be notified.
  Is that her real name?
  Tess: Tatiana korzha.
  Clive:  This is tatiana's place?
  Do you know how many people  i'd have to sleep with  to afford this neighborhood?
  I know what she was,  but she always  paid her rent on time.
  Oh, my!
  Thank you.  We'll take it from here.
  Do whatever you do.  Just try not to move things  around too much.
  Whoever ransacked this place  left tatiana's purse.
  Stereo, tv.
  It wasn't a robbery.
  Here's her phone.
  Tess called her  the day she died.
  The 16th, right?
  (tess speaking romanian)
  It's for you.
  (plays again)
  "hey, you little klepto,  get your ass  back up to the suite.
  "or we are never gonna work  with you again."
  "we"?
  So, there was another  girl there that night.
  (beeps)
  -It sounds like tatiana  stole something.  -Look at all this crap.
  Klepto starts to make sense.
  Liv: So much sense.
  Eating tatiana's brain  didn't just give me  some of her memories,
  It gave me kleptomania  and the ability  to speak romanian.
  Huh. So "you are what you eat"  isn't just a bitchy thing
  My mother says  about fat people.
  Tatiana: I don't have it!  It's not here!
  Man: Where's my friggin' ring?  I know you have it!
  Tatiana: Please...  My foot is slipping!
  (tatiana screaming)
  -(gasping)  -hey. You okay?
  I just saw her die.
  We need to find who did this  and nail his ass to the wall.
  Liv: So, some psychotic  bastard tripled the fun  with three call girls
  And is willing to murder  to get his stolen ring back?
  (pounding on door)
  She's gone.  Whatever you told her  sent her running.
  It's her body, you know.
  Did she say  where she was going?
  Like i'm gonna tell you.
  Hey! Karl marx!
  There's one girl dead already.
  We're trying to stop  that number from going up.
  Oh, god. Uh...
  Tess didn't say  where she was going.
  She had a couple of suitcases,  and she asked me  to pick up her mail. Um...
  Sorry about the other girl.
  Wait,  it wasn't monica, was it?
  Monica?
  Uh, friend of tess'.  She came around here a lot.
  -They work together?  -I hope not.
  Well, she seemed  like a kid to me.
  I never thought  of her in that way.
  Sure you didn't.
  Monica's listed under  tatiana's other friends.  Is this her?
  Truman: Yeah.
  Yo! Dirty debbie harry!  Slow your roll.
  I'm supposed to be at work,
  And i'm afraid i'm gonna  find this monica girl waiting  in a drawer for me.
  We've gotta do something.
  What happened to,  "do with it what you will"?  Where's that girl?
  When tatiana was  falling to her death,  i could feel it.
  She knew  she was gonna die.  It's personal now.
  Okay. We're gonna find her.
  I would've heard  if a new body had turned up.
  I'll track down her address.  You think your boss  will let you come with me?
  I have very little doubt  about that.
  Yeah, when internal affairs  asked me about chest poking...
  I saw nothing.
  Of course you can  help the detective.
  A call girl gets murdered,  you eat her brains,  help find her killer.
  It's like that  elton john song.
  Philadelphia freedom?
  The one from the lion king.
  Yes, sir elton specifically  references dead call girls  in the circle of life.
  -O.M. Is that me?  -Mmm-hmm.
  And you're giving me e.Coli?
  I'm treating your blood  with different bacteria.
  It's all just  preliminary research.
  If you want to find a cure  you have to know how  a disease defends itself.
  The more scenarios  you expose it to
  The more you know  how it works.
  Wait. You think  you can cure this?
  (exhales)
  It could take years.  It's an uphill battle  but so was polio.
  Why did you think  i was running all those tests?
  What... You were expecting  to stay like this forever?
  Liv: As a matter of fact,  i was.
  Great. Thank you, sergeant.
  (beeps)
  I got an address for monica.  Let's roll.
  Sorry. Something's come up.
  There's this thing  i need to do.
  Wait, that's it?
  Thought i had  a psychic sidekick.
  I was working on the bit...
  Cagney and pasty.
  (thunder rumbling)
  Liv: Major wanted to know  if there was a chance for us.
  I thought shutting him down  was noble.
  But what if there is hope?
  Even if it's dim  and somewhere in  the nebulous future,
  It's a hope i need  in order to survive.
  But what about  what major needs?
  Can i really ask him  to wait for a day  that may never come?
  (woman laughing)
  (woman laughs)
  Liv: When you die,  life goes on without you.
  If you're among  the living dead,  you're around to watch.
  Giving up my dream  of becoming a heart surgeon  was depressing.
  Eating brains sucks  beyond words.
  But seeing major  possibly moving on  with someone else?
  That's my threshold.
  That's the soul crusher.
  You wanted to see me,  lieutenant?
  Pratt here has a ci who's  got a lead on the dead girl.
  He's gonna run the case  from here on out.
  But i'm so close, sir.
  The killer was one  of tatiana's johns.
  The john's ring was stolen,  and he killed her  trying to get it back.
  Only she didn't have it.
  I've got a witness that says  one of them got out of dodge  with a suitcase,
  And it looks like  the other one left  with her dog.
  Three call girls?
  Who are we looking for,  superman? Ron jeremy?
  I've got leads on the girls.
  One of them is enrolled at one  of those online colleges.
  She logged into  her economics class  an hour ago.
  I've got an ip address.
  The nerds in computer  forensics are working on  a location for me.
  Sir, we need  to find these girls  before the killer does.
  Well, maybe pratt  will let you tag along
  If that address  amounts to anything.
  (sighing)
  -Babineaux.  -Yeah.
  I'm sorry about that, man.
  Low guy on the totem pole  always gets boned, right?
  But hey, it'll make it  that much sweeter
  When you bag  your first collar, right?
  (clears throat)  look, do me a favor.
  Follow up on some  of your interviews.  Talk to the weatherman.
  Have another conversation  with tess' neighbor.
  Please, i appreciate it.
  Mmm, all right.
  Thank you.
  (woman talking  indistinctly on tv)
  Liv: Seizing the day  is for suckers.
  Weird question,  have you seen my pens?
  Oh.
  Great, thanks.
  (woman speaking  indistinctly on tv)
  (chuckles)
  I so wanna write you off.
  I so wanna be in that
  "you can't help those who  don't help themselves" place.
  But, despite all of this...
  You're my freakin' heart.
  So, if you could step up,  i'd appreciate it.
  (sighs)
  Okay.
  (inhales)
  Liv:  I can't refuse to be dead.
  I can't eat a ham sandwich  and feel like  a sated normal human being.
  I can't have sex,  or tell the people i love  what's going on with me,
  But i can choose not to have  a drawer full of fake eyeballs  and strangers' tchotchkes.
  I can choose to be  a decent person.
  I can choose to help  find justice for  a fellow dead girl.
  Ma'am? Can i help you?
  Uh, i'm from  the me's office.
  I wanted to see  detective babineaux.
  Um, i'm sorry, he's out.
  I've got, uh, computer  forensics on the line  for babineaux.
  They got that address  for those girls.
  This is pratt. Uh-huh.
  Great, thank you.
  Um, do you want me  to leave him a message?
  I'm good.
  Okay.
  Hey. Just looking for you.
  Yeah, i'm sure  you're incredibly busy, but...
  No, i'm not.  I'm back on the case.
  What do you need?
  Johnny frost said  tatiana had  a babbos daypork,
  Or deerpork,  something like that.
  -You mean barbos de porc?  -Oh, okay.
  It means "bearded pig."
  Tatiana had a bearded pig.
  You sure  you're saying that right?
  No, that can't be it.  Wait...
  Son of a bitch.
  That's why none of the girls  have a record.
  He's a cop.
  A bearded cop. It's pratt.
  There's no ci.  He wanted me off the case  before i solved it.
  Wait, is pratt the detective  who sits one desk  over from you?
  -Yeah.  -He knows where the girls are.
  He has the address.
  Damn! That really works.
  Clive:  What do you not understand?
  I need immediate backup.  These girls  are in real danger.
  Dispatch: I'll pass along  your message, detective.
  Controlling, relentless,  vindictive,  schizo crazy bitch.
  My wife is like satan  with a fat ass.
  If she comes home  from boca
  And i don't have  my wedding ring...
  (whistling)
  Did i mention it was  her grandpa's ring?
  You want to hear  the gory details that the ring  survived dachau
  And her grandfather did not?
  (chuckles)
  (both gasping)
  Which one of you ladies  is gonna tell me  where my ring is?
  You'd be my favorite.
  Clive: There's pratt's car.
  I don't want to get any closer  in case he hears us.
  -Stay here.  -What else am i gonna to do?
  Subdue him with  a good verbal flogging?
  I'm just saying,  don't get intrepid.
  (sobbing) tatiana was always  stealing things.  She couldn't help it.
  Yes, you told me that.
  But she didn't have it.
  I saw the look in her eye.
  (shouting) where is my ring?
  -I pawned it!  -(softly) monica!
  Monica: I needed  the money for school,
  And i knew tatiana  would take the blame
  Because she steals things.
  You do see how  this is your fault?
  I am not gonna live  in a one-room apartment
  While my wife  gets half my salary!
  You killed tatiana!  You did!  I didn't want this.
  (gasping)
  (women screaming)
  Upstairs!  He ran upstairs!
  (seatbelt clicks)
  No. No, no, no.
  (engine starts)
  (tires squealing)
  Get out of the car!
  Get out of that car  or i'll shoot you!
  Get out of the car.  Get out of that car!
  (liv yelps)
  (tires screeching)
  (both sobbing)
  Clive: Liv!
  (panting)
  What the hell?
  (grunting)
  (yelling)
  (tires screeching)
  (liv yelps)
  (snarling)
  Clive: Liv!
  I saw you get shot.
  He missed.
  I played dead and then  i just chased after his car.
  Adrenaline is no joke.
  Too intrepid?
  (exhales)
  Way too intrepid.
  -Tess and monica?  -Yeah, they're okay.
  Why is there a bullet hole  in the roof of my car?
  Maybe he was celebrating  drunk cowboy style.
  (imitates gunshots)
  I don't know. Literally,  i got here like two seconds  before you did.
  He was about to kill them.
  We got here just in time.
  Thanks to you.
  And you.
  I mean, you drove.
  Seriously, how did you  solve crime before me?
  -I feel i'm kind of vital  to this whole operation.  -(chuckles)
  Want me to check him out?  I am a doctor.
  Go see to the girls.  I got this.
  You're right.
  This is so much sweeter.
  I got mad and suddenly  i was 99% zombie.
  Like 28 days later style,  but with a side of rage bomb.
  I was a dead,  alabaster badass.
  I'm performing open heart  surgery on you  without anesthesia.
  You're beyond badass.  There it is.
  (exhales) i mean,  i'd offer to stitch you up,
  But there isn't  even much blood.
  Must take the pressure off  when your patient's  already dead.
  Hey, you have to stop calling  yourself that.
  You're not dead.  You're undead.
  Big difference.
  Just think about  what you did tonight.
  You saved two women's lives.
  You got justice for another,  and you got a very bad man  off the streets.
  And as god is my witness,  you'll never be hungry again.
  Fresh brains for later.  But now, let's get to work.  Shall we?
  Liv: Life's short  and then you die.
  And then... Then you have  to make some decisions.
  You can skulk around,  lamenting all that  you've lost,
  Try to keep yourself  numb and isolated.
  Or you can embrace  who you are.
  I heard there'd be brains.
  Aw, man. See,  now i want to be a zombie.
  It's kind of a commitment.  You gotta lock down a whole  "lifeless but crazy" stare.
  And then there's the  brain-eating  and the dance moves.
  You make an awesome zombie.
  -Don't i though?  -Yeah.
  Who wants to go scare  the crap out of some kids?
  (evil laughter)
  Have you seen your sister?
  She told me  she would help with tickets.
  Of course that would  require her to make it  off her couch.
  (chuckling)
  I don't think making it  off her couch was an issue.
  (laughing)
  Liv: I wanted to do something  with my life.
  I wanted to help people.
  Not necessarily as  a zombie psychic who eats  murder victim brains,
  But still...
  I so nailed it today.
  I've spent five months  bemoaning all that  was taken from me.
  It never occurred to me that  i'd have something to give.
  A way to contribute.
  A reason for being not alive.
  (beeps)
  To sleep,  perchance to not dream.
  All i needed was some hope  that there's a future  that i fit into somehow.
  At last.
  Sweet blissful sleep.
  (siren wailing)
  (grunting)
  (panting)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 