iZombie: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e2 - Brother, Can You Spare a Brain? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Brother, Can You Spare a Brain? - full transcript 
 Liv and Clive work together to solve the mysterious death of a well known painter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  My name is liv moore,  and i died, sort of.
  I had a promising career  and a great fiance.
  Then i went to the world's  worst boat party  and got turned into a zombie.
  Now i work at the morgue  for access to brains,
  But brain eating  has side effects.
  I take on the victim's  personality traits
  And have visions which i use  to help solve their murders.
  I work with a detective  who thinks i'm a psychic
  And my boss,  the medical examiner,
  The only person  who knows my secret.
  I'm a crime-fighting zombie.
  Previously on izombie...
  Are you sure about  being the only one?
  It's one of the things  that keeps me up at night.
  That zombie,  haunting my dreams,
  He's out there.
  I'm saying it would be nice  if just once he would call.
  You know how he is  when he's working.
  No sense of time.
  Javier?
  You missed a great dinner.
  (screaming)
  Lola!
  (lola sobbing)
  (theme song playing)
  Cause of death...
  I assume we're going  with drowning, correct?
  So, he was  a well-known artist?
  Javier abano?
  Oh, his paintings  are very popular.
  Who doesn't love
  A vibrant, abstract nude?
  Hint, she eats brains.
  It looks like he was just  trying to show off
  How many different colors  of paint he owned.
  Oh, i love his work.
  I particularly enjoy the one
  That looks like  a bright blue jacksy.
  But i like my art provocative  with a tinge of whimsy.
  -Okay, that's enough for now.  Okay, detective?  -(lola sobbing)
  Ravi: Also, blue is  my favorite color.
  And i'm a bit of an arse man.
  Overshare, right?
  Got anything for me?
  Well...
  Based on the stiffness  of the jaw and neck,
  I'd put the time of death  between 6:00 and 7:00 p.M.
  No defense wounds.  No physical signs of struggle.
  It's a straight shot  from the orbital cavity
  To the carotid artery so death  was likely instantaneous.
  Like pushing an off button.
  Well, stabbing  an off button
  That's located  behind someone's eye,
  Using the handle  of a paintbrush.
  I'll know more when i get him  back to the morgue.
  And what about you?
  Anything you'd like to share?
  Is the crime scene inspiring,  you know, any  otherworldly communications
  Or conjurings  or what have you?
  Wow. You're really a flip  to the last page of the book
  Type guy, huh?
  You've been detecting  for five minutes.
  Oh, i know who did it.
  It's the wife.
  You think it was that  sobbing woman
  Crumbling  to pieces on the patio?
  She has an alibi,  but it's always the wife.
  Unless the wife  is the dead one.
  Then it's the husband.
  I was just hoping something  sparked your sixth sense,
  So we can expedite things.
  Sorry. No sparking.
  Detective,
  We're going to have to remove  the paint brush in order  to get him in the bag, so...
  I got it.
  I'll check back in later.
  This fake psychic thing
  Is going to bite me  in the ass when he starts  asking me for lottery numbers.
  Fresh brains, anyone?
  Liv: My need to feed  on brains is weird,
  But how many people can say  that satisfying their munchies
  Could potentially help  solve a murder case?
  This is my contribution  to society.
  Better?
  Much.
  I'm just a fake, psychic  zombie trying to do her part.
  (doorbell rings)
  I was going to rename this  "major's excuse to come over,"
  But i'm trying to maintain  an air of mystery.
  No, but seriously,  i figured after six months
  You were probably  really missing  your tiny face-sander thing
  And that magnifying  mirror that makes pores  look like manholes.
  Thanks for leaving  that behind, by the way.
  You didn't need to do this.
  No, it's mostly just  hair products and lingerie,
  But there's some books.
  Oh, and this...
  Which might  explain some things.
  I'm thinking maybe this  calls for a road trip.
  I'm just, i'm just kidding  around, liv.
  I know.
  Yeah, well, i didn't know  what to do with this stuff.
  It felt weird to throw it out.
  I mean, what if you had  an emotional attachment
  To this textbook  on rare skin diseases?
  Well, thanks  for bringing it by.
  "not zooey deschanel" in 7b  took my parking spot again.
  There is nothing more  annoying than an entitled  chick in a skater dress.
  Oh, hi. Hey.
  Should i not be here?
  No, i, uh,  i was just heading out.
  I, uh, i also have  an entire closet full  of engagement gifts,
  So just let me know  if you want anything,
  Other than the panini  press which i have already  used and broken,
  And re-purchased.
  Oh, we'll take the juicer.
  I'll, uh, i'll drop it off  this week.
  Wait, didn't you register  for a nespresso machine?
  I can't believe  you just asked major for  our engagement juicer.
  Like letting him keep  the small appliances  is going to change
  The fact that you  broke his heart.
  He probably  shouldn't come by here.
  Why? Because it's too hard?
  What does that tell you?
  (gasps)
  Want to grab a bite?
  Liv: What's more meta  than a zombie having  a bad zombie dream?
  No luck in my search for  mystery zombie number two.
  Unless you  count my nightmares.
  I've searched instagram  accounts of survivors,
  I've been through all the  photos on the facebook  pages of everyone
  Who was listed  as being at the party.
  Maybe you should take a break.
  You know, chill out.  Clear your mind.
  Here.
  "hotter sex tonight.  Five easy steps."
  I stole it from  the dentist's office.
  Liv: Unless step one is
  "forget that you might turn  your loved one into a zombie  and just have at it,"
  This is not  the article for me.
  It's why i can't have the man
  I planned on spending  my life with
  Doing drop-bys.
  It hurts too much.
  (javier speaking spanish)
  (breathing heavily)
  Oh, god.
  (javier speaking spanish)
  (door closing)
  (gasps)
  Someone's here.
  (exhales)
  Is that shock at sex tip four?
  'cause i didn't  understand it either.
  Javier was having an affair.
  It was pretty hot.
  Clive: So during this vision,
  Did javier happen  to call out the girl's name?
  No. He just called her  his sugar flower,
  Or his honey goddess.
  Both sound better in spanish.
  She mostly talked about god.
  And you didn't see  who walked in on them?
  No, but it was at the loft
  Because i recognized the  chaise in javier's work space.
  They were on top of it.
  At one point, she suddenly  arched her back,
  Like some higher power  was pulling her chest  towards the heavens.
  Her skin was like butter,
  And the way she moved...
  Okay, i think i get it.
  It was like watching  a flower bloom.
  Very helpful. Thank you.
  Arching, blooming,
  Then someone came in  that you didn't see,
  But was probably lola.
  I didn't say that.
  No. You gave me  fifty shades of psychic
  And no vital details.
  Look, he was having an affair.
  His wife caught him.
  Like i said,  it's always the spouse.
  I'm going to head over  and question her again.
  You feel like joining me?
  Maybe you'll have  another vision.
  Hopefully one that's less  late-night premium cable.
  She's a bit more  calm right now, but...
  It's going to be a long road.
  Lola,
  Detective babineaux is here.
  I'm going to take off.
  You call me  if you need anything.
  That's sugar flower.
  From my vision.
  With the buttery skin.
  Sorry to interrupt you,  mrs. Abano.
  I had a few more questions.
  Of course.  And it's lola, please.
  And this is  my dear friend tasha.
  She's my favorite  of all of javier's lovers.
  Lola: Artie and i wound up  eating without javier all the  time when he was working.
  He'd just get lost painting,
  Or not want to stop  if it was going well.
  He was at the mercy  of his creative flow.
  Sounds like you were  at the mercy of it as well.
  I never minded.
  I just wanted him to  feel free to do whatever  he needed to do.
  I respected his process.
  The other women,  were they a part  of his process?
  (chuckles)
  Asking javier to sleep  with one woman  for the rest of his life
  Would be like
  Asking him to paint  those little seascapes  on the novelty spoons
  They sell at the pier.
  He had a way of, like,  discovering people,
  And then sort of revealing  them to themselves.
  That is really beautiful.
  Seriously, he sounds amazing.
  Lola: The other women  were not an issue.
  I knew who javier was with
  And what he was getting  out of the relationship.
  He knew all  about my dalliances.
  Nobody got hurt.
  It's not like we had  children to worry about.
  Javier never wanted any.
  His paintings were his babies.
  Yeah, right. So,
  It didn't bother you  that his babies
  Were nude paintings of the  women he was sleeping with?
  No.
  It bothers me  that you're being dismissive
  About my husband's art  and our marriage.
  Monogamy was not  important to us.
  What javier and i had  was beyond the physical.
  How is it incriminating  to say she didn't care  who he slept with?
  Uh, she cared.
  That's just  something they say.
  Of course, i might've  been paying closer  attention than you.
  You seemed  a little distracted.
  -(cell phone vibrating)  -plus, it's always the spouse.
  Huh.
  What?
  An e-mail from your boss.
  The paintbrush/murder weapon
  Was thrust into  mr. Abano's eye socket
  At an angle consistent  with a right-handed killer  who was 6'2" or 6'3".
  Does that mean javier  had two wives?
  Because lola is around  my height, right?
  So, if it's always the spouse,
  Maybe it was wife number two  that's the tall one.
  Wait!
  I'm being totally serious now.
  If you find a pair of  foot-high stilettos  in lola's closet,
  Can you ask her  where she got them?
  Liv, you're here. Fantastic.
  This is jimmy.
  He is a police sketch artist.
  I happened to run into him  at the commissary,
  And we got to talking and...
  Well, i mentioned your  issue trying to locate
  A certain blonde gentleman.
  I had a pretty substantial  missed connection  myself back in '05.
  (sighs)
  I'd be married today if those  subway doors didn't close
  Before i could get her number.
  Huh.
  Okay.  So, any defining features?
  His lips were thin,
  But there  was substance to them.
  They kind of grew  from his mouth,
  Like a secret  he couldn't keep.
  So, thin lips...
  Liv: But expressive.
  In that they seemed  to be working
  At not expressing anything.
  Mmm-hmm.
  There was something  historic about his chin.
  I think the nose needs  to be more alert.
  I thought you said  it was soft and gradual,
  Like a sand hill.
  But with an alertness.
  Like the whole bridge  is working towards
  Getting down to the point.
  You need to  see the foundation.
  Oh. The foundation.
  Got it. Great. (clears throat)
  Okay.
  See you later.
  Am i right in assuming  this is a new skill?
  You said you were with  lola at the orchard restaurant  from 6:00 p.M. To 9:30 p.M.,
  When you walked her  back to the loft  and discovered javier.
  Mmm-hmm.
  Three and a half hours is  a pretty long time for dinner.
  Not really. (chuckles)
  We spent a big chunk  of the time waiting  for javier to show.
  I'm not just  javier's art dealer.
  We have all been friends  for years.
  And how close  are you and lola?
  Very close.
  She's one of  my dearest friends.
  Hmm.
  Nothing more than that.  Not ever.
  She's totally devoted  to javier.
  Yeah, she did mention  having
  Dalliances  outside of the marriage.
  Dalliances?
  With whom?
  She didn't give any names.
  Sorry, i'm having trouble  processing that.
  Javier was  her entire universe.
  Lola loved him  unconditionally,
  While javier slept with  every model in seattle.
  You don't sound  like a very big fan  of your client.
  Oh, i was a huge fan.
  Some of the best times of  my life were with javier.
  He was a brilliant artist.
  Not a great husband.
  How tall are you, mr. Fiss?
  You know, instead of  grilling his friend,
  Maybe take a look  at one of the countless  jilted boyfriends
  Of the girls javier  slept with.
  Thanks for the tip.
  Now, are you going to  answer my question
  Or do i need  to go get a ruler?
  I'm 6'2".
  Thank you.
  In elementary school,
  I could barely trace my hand  to draw a turkey.
  Well, when you finish,  i'll send it out to  the boat massacre survivors.
  You know, maybe  someone will recognize him.
  Why do we own this?
  Because we saw it  in the check-out line
  At home, hearth  and everything else
  And it had the same color blue  as our pillows.
  It's horrible.
  Since when did you become  an art critic?
  The one and only time  we've ever gone  to a museum together
  Was on our senior  trip to paris
  When we race-walked  through the louvre
  Because it was raining  and we wanted  to do some cardio.
  That's so awful.
  No, it wasn't awful.  It was fun.
  Liv: In the six months  i've been eating brains,
  I've inherited things like
  A fear of pigeons,  kleptomania...
  A couple scoops of  javier's brain in a  microwave pizza roll
  And i find myself  feeling passionate,
  Inspired.
  I'm not just drawn to beauty,
  I want to possess it,  make love to it.
  I walk into a room  and i see everything.
  Heard you were looking for me.
  Just so we're on  the same page here...
  Your skin and hair  being the color of chalk,
  That isn't  a style choice, right?
  It isn't.
  Oh.
  And i have no idea  where you got this,
  But it's totally  my new profile pic.
  So.
  What do you want with me?
  I wanted to meet you.
  Because?
  Because i had a vision  of you as a zombie,
  Chasing a man  through an alley.
  You were about to  rip open his skull.
  He was killed in a dui  accident, wound up here.
  I ate his brain.
  Until the vision, i thought  i was the only one.
  Yeah, until, like,  three seconds ago, so did i.
  Getting your brains on  the job. That's well-played.
  Well, how do you  get your brains?
  Oh, i get mine the hardest  way possible.
  I grave-rob.
  Super fun.
  I should have gone  into medicine.
  I mean, come on.
  Look at this.
  Oh, uh...
  That guy you saw me  chase in the vision?
  He tried to mug me,  just so you know.
  He came at me, so i raged out  or whatever.
  What are you calling that,  by the way?
  The big turn?
  It's not like i've been  mentioning it in conversation,
  But i think of it  as raging out.
  I don't know if  we should agree on  some terminology, or...
  I guess i call it  zombie mode.
  Really? Aren't we already  kind of in zombie mode?
  Well, actually, i call it  full-on zombie mode.
  Huh.
  So, is raging out at all  interesting to you, or...
  You know what, never mind.  It doesn't matter.
  Uh, the guy tried to mug me,  and i went into  full-on zombie mode
  And, yeah...
  Before i knew it,  sirens were blaring
  And i'm still about to crack  this guy's head open for just  the tiniest taste of brain,
  Which is the single  most disgusting thing  a person can eat.
  That it is.
  It's the consistency  that kills me.
  I can't get around it.  And there's that  weird metallic taste.
  Is it metallic?  I don't even know.
  I used to be  a serious wine guy.
 Like, sideways crazy about it.
  And now everything  i drink is like iodine.
  I saw a kid eating  a peanut butter cup last week
  And i almost cried.
  I miss food so much.
  I miss so many things.
  Who knew death would be  this isolating, right?
  You really nailed  the historic chin.
  Bravo.
  Thrilled to have you here.
  And if you haven't  used the facilities yet,
  A urine sample  would be lovely.
  I have zero clue as to how  this happened to me.
  Granted i was super high  the night of the boat party.
  It is so crazy to be  talking about this.
  Would you mind if i check  inside your ears?
  Brother, you do  what you gotta to do.
  I'll drop trou if you think  you can cure this.
  So how did you  become a zombie?
  Did it happen the night  of the boat party?
  Yes. It happened  at the boat party.
  You tried to sell me utopium,  smacked my ass,
  And went all rage zombie  and clawed my forearm.
  No, seriously?
  Oh, my god.
  I can't even...
  -Are you sure it was me?  -Yes.
  Because things must've  been pretty crazy that night.
  I'm sure.
  How do i even apologize  for something like that?
  I swear to god, if i wasn't  95% sure i would survive,
  I would throw myself  off a bridge right now.
  I would be...
  I'm so sorry.
  I never meant to hurt you.
  Javier: Calm down, now.
  We're all adults here.
  Now i've ruined  something you love.
  Did you just...
  Where'd you go?
  There's something  i gotta take care of.
  You should get going.
  Oh, liv, i can finish up.
  Ah!
  She doesn't want to  leave you alone with me.
  Fair enough.
  (clears throat)
  Excuse me.
  I'm not sure  that was necessary.
  Neither am i.
  It wasn't lola who  caught javier and tasha  fooling around.
  It was tasha's  jealous boyfriend.
  A jealous boyfriend, huh?
  Artie may have been  trying to deflect attention  away from himself,
  But it's a lead  worth following up.
  Liv: There he is. Tasha's ex.
  The one with the  gleaming crystal eyes
  And the mouth that  looks like it just  finished eating a peach.
  How about you just  tell me what color  shirt he's wearing?
  Cerulean.
  What were you doing  on tuesday between the  hours of 6:00 and 7:00?
  I was at home. Alone.
  How did that happen?
  How tall are you, mr. Rivera?
  I'm 6'3".
  When did you first  learn about...
  Can i just ask a question?
  Do you have a little  native american  in your ancestry
  'cause those cheekbones...
  Miss moore!
  Oh. Sorry.
  I'm a quarter cherokee.
  Yeah, you are.
  Do i need to ask you to leave?
  When did you first  learn about your  girlfriend and javier?
  Ex-girlfriend.
  And i don't remember.
  You don't remember  discovering your girlfriend  cheating on you?
  I don't like  to dwell on things.
  Besides, she got  what was coming to her.
  Javier dumped her  a few months ago  for a younger version.
  That's the kind of guy  she left me for.
  Someone who'll bang  his best friend's  18-year-old daughter.
  Artie?
  His manager's daughter?
  Yeah. Becca.
  It's a not-too-well-kept  secret around  the art community.
  But you didn't  hear it from me.
  You gotta let me  buy you a drink.
  I need something  in the win column today.
  I think you need to set  the bar a little bit higher.
  Buying somebody a drink  doesn't seem like much  of an accomplishment.
  That depends on how many  guys you turned down  before i got here.
  So... (clears throat)
  What brings you  here to drink alone
  And stare off into  the top-shelf liquor  on this fine evening?
  Let's just say life takes  some surprising turns.
  Doesn't it, though?
  If someone were  to tell me a year ago
  That my life would  be like it is today,
  I would've punched  him in the face.
  Listen,
  You're incredibly charming,
  But the age difference  isn't something i'm into.
  (clears throat)
  Well, that is a shame.
  Because i am lonely as hell  and the idea of trying
  To have a conversation  with some 25-year-old
  As she swipes  through tinder,
  Makes me want to impale  myself on that bar tap.
  Well, there's no reason  why we can't have a nice chat.
  Sure there is.
  (knocking on door)
  Come on in.
  (jazz music playing on stereo)
  Um...
  Hey, pod person who's  taken over liv's body,
  You really should've  done some homework
  Because no one  is going to buy this.
  Hey.
  Sorry. I was kind of  in the zone or something.
  Hi.
  Hi.
  I would literally be  less surprised to come in here
  And find you building  a rocket ship.
  It's a new hobby.
  This coming  from the girl who said
  Hobbies were for people  under 12 or over 65.
  When did i say that?
  Repeatedly. Over the course  of several years.
  But i think you were just  trying to talk me out of
  Making my own  outdoor furniture,
  Which i still think  i'd be kind of awesome at.
  And, i'm sorry, are you  listening to chet baker?
  Is that who this is?  I am loving him.
  You're what?
  I tried to get you to listen  to jazz for years.
  I spent weeks  strategically arranging the  perfect mix cd for you
  And you stopped listening  after two songs.
  I think this is the cd.
  You said you thought the lack  of structure was narcissistic
  And you'd rather listen  to someone dropping cutlery.
  Why was i such a jerk?
  Who knows? (sighs)
  It was just one of the many  things i accepted
  Because you're super-hot.
  I'm kidding,
  To a degree.
  If you're really  liking this cd,
  I have a bunch  of stuff on vinyl  i could record for you.
  I'd love that.
  You're amazing.
  I should get going.
  I was just dropping  off the juicer.
  There but for the  grace of god, right?
  Missed you at the  zombie social last night.
  We were all there  cracking wise,  singing some karaoke.
  And i went with  tears of a clown
  Because that's kind of  where i am right now.
  Where's the good doctor?
  He's out on a call.
  I wasn't going to eat him.
  You understand  why i'm not ready to  kiss and make up, right?
  Yeah. I get it.
  I turned you into a zombie,
  You saw me almost kill a guy.
  I'm not the same person i was  the night of the boat party.
  At least i'm trying not to be.
  It's not like i'm ladling out  soup or saving puppies,
  But i'm actively trying  not to be a sleazebag.
  Because i was a sleazebag.
  I'm not dealing anymore,
  Much to the chagrin  of my former employer.
  And i've cut all the  poisonous people  out of my life,
  Who were apparently the only  kind of people in my life,
  So it's just me now.
  Why are you telling me this?
  Who the hell else  am i gonna tell it to?
  Plus, i need your help.
  Look, i get that you work  here at the brain automat,
  But for the rest of us,  meaning me,
  Procuring brains is kind of  a massive undertaking. So...
  I was hoping,  from time to time,
  You might be so inclined  as to help a brother out.
  Okay.
  (sighs)
  Jeez.
  That pause was like a year.
  I can't just hand brains over  in the police morgue.
  I'll have to meet up  with you later.
  Of course. I hang out  at the dog-friendly  internet cafe on queen anne,
  Mutt bowl surfers.
  I'll be there all afternoon  just writing my screenplay
  Live-tweeting its progress.
  All right.
  I'll come by later.
  Thank you.
  (honking la cucaracha )
  Hutch!
  Dougie!
  What brings you to this  fair part of the city?
  Boss is looking for you.
  He wonders where you've been.
  Why don't you tell him  i'll come by the club  tomorrow night, huh?
  (groans)
  He wants to see you now.
  Yeah, now's not  so good for me.
  Are you really going to make  hutch get out of the car?
  All right. All right.
  Let's calm down, shall we?
  Quit stalling. I want  your ass in the car, now!
  Well, it seems that  our wants are  at odds right now, dougie.
  You see, i want to attend  to my business right now
  And i want to not go with you  to a second location.
  And i have to be honest  with you,
  I'm feeling  a little threatened here,
  And i find that disconcerting
  'cause i thought  we were homies.
  Hutch?
  You gonna  help me out here, brah, or...
  No?
  Okay, i'll tell you what.
  Why don't you  meet me here tomorrow...
  "i've changed.
  "i've cut all the poisonous  people out of my life."
  You can either get in on  your own or hutch can wad  you up into a little ball
  And throw you in.
  Crazy what happened  on the lake.
  The way you disappeared,  everyone thought you was dead.
  Well... They were half right.
  Boss thinks that batch  must've been cut  with something lethal.
  He thinks you might've  been the one  who did the cutting.
  Come on.
  Is thinking really  his strong suit?
  But don't worry,
  When i'm running this city,  i won't make the same mistake.
  (laughing)
  Yeah, and what mistake  is that?
  Underestimating  the little guy.
  (screaming)
  (screaming continues)
  You changed your hair.
  That was a joke.
  Can i come in?
  Would you look at this place?
  You've done very well.
  Who knew there was so much  money in trend-spotting?
  You must be very good.
  What's happening to me?
  Oh, yeah, that.
  Sorry. I buried the lead.
  You're a zombie now.
  Like, for real.
  I know. Shock.  Disbelief. Confusion.
  Welcome to team z.
  Oh, you're the trend-spotter,  i should ask you.
  Zombies...
  I heard we're finito.  Is that, is that true?
  Has over-saturation buried us?
  I don't know.  I think we're gonna  surprise some people.
  I mean,  what did ll cool j say?
  "don't call it a comeback,"  right?
  (laughs)
  But before you get  to despair, jackie,
  Allow me to ease your mind.  (clears throat)
  For a mere 25k a month,
  I've got the brains  you need to keep  all your pistons firing.
  Sure, you'll need  frequent spray tans
  And a considerably  better colorist to do  something with that hair,
  But other than that,
  (clears throat)
  Death's gonna be swell.
  Did i mention this  batch is super fresh?
  Uh-uh.
  First rule of brain club,
  You don't talk  about brain club.
  There are some things  worse than death.
  Tina?
  Will you bring my checkbook?
  (sniffing)
  So, i was wondering
  If you happened  to exchange numbers  with our new zombie friend.
  I wanted to see if he  can come in for more tests.
  I don't think  that's a good idea.
  Under your supervision,  of course.
  And know that i do appreciate  you being protective of me.
  I think he's a liar.
  And a phony.  And i think he's just  using me for my brains.
  Well, their brains.
  But if he's  the only other one, i...
  I don't know, ravi.  I don't know what to do.
  I don't trust him.  I think he's dangerous.
  Clive: Hey.
  I was wondering  if you're free tonight?
  There's a posthumous art show  for javier's work at his loft.
  I was hoping you could join me  and see if you get anything.
  Of course.
  I got some very helpful  information from the waitress
  Who waited on artie and lola  the night of the murder.
  She said artie left the  restaurant to go to an atm.
  Artie attempted to withdraw  just down the street  from javier's and lola's loft.
  It was at 6:45 p.M.,
  Which puts him  in close proximity to javier
  And without an alibi  during the window you gave me  for the time of the murder.
  What do you mean, "attempted"?
  Oh, he wasn't able  to take out any cash  because he doesn't have any.
  It goes beyond  insufficient funds.
  The man is broke.
  He's basically  living off credit cards.
  Why would lola cover for him?
  I plan on asking her  that very question tonight.
  This art show...
  I should probably  come as well.
  In case you need help  with the art and the open bar.
  And possibly the models.
  Yeah.
  (indistinct chatter)
  You can have it, doc.
  Don't mind if i do.
  Woman: I absolutely loved  the first painting,
  But who has  that kind of money?
  The instant javier died
  The price of his  paintings started  going through the roof.
  Even his older work  is almost triple the price.
  The best thing an artist can  do for their career is die.
  Dying is also the best thing  an artist can do for  his broke-ass art dealer.
  I'm going to look  for our hostess.
  Let me know  if you get anything.
  So, what is it  that you actually do?
  Do you just stand there, or...
  Oh, should i find  some personal items  for you to touch?
  I kind of just walk around  and hope something happens.
  It sounds kind of lame  now that i say it out loud.
  No, it doesn't. Mmm-mmm.
  No. You're on a quest
  For visions.  A vision quest, if you will.
  Stop enjoying yourself.  It's unseemly.
  Detective babineaux.  I didn't know you'd be coming.
  Well, i had  a follow-up question.
  I'm wondering
  Why you never mentioned  that artie left you at the  restaurant to go to the atm.
  I guess i forgot.
  How long was artie gone?
  I don't remember.
  Not long. Twenty minutes?
  Twenty minutes?
  And how long  of a walk is it from  the restaurant to your loft?
  About five?
  You're a detective, right?
  I'm sorry?
  I saw you come in with those  other two detectives.
  Well, technically,
  I do work for the  seattle police department...
  My ex-boyfriend is here  and he's not supposed to be.
  Okay.
  I have a restraining order.
  He's not allowed within  50 yards of me ever.
  I'd leave, but i...
  No, no, no,  you shouldn't leave.
  No, you should stay right here
  And we'll get this sorted out.
  Can you, uh, point him out  for me?
  Liv: Javier not only  left his art behind,
  He left a part of himself.
  If i'd never come back  from the lake that night,
  What would my loved ones have?
  Would my mom frame  old report cards?
  -Marvel over  extra-credit projects?  -(door closes)
  I thought i saw  you sneak in here.
  I don't know if it's ironic
  Or just brilliant,
  But javier would've loved you.
  And now he'll never get to lay  a hand on you, will he?
  I've been thinking about you
  Ever since our interrogation.
  I've heard of  bad-cop, good-cop before,
  But bad-cop, horny-cop  was a first.
  How about we go  grab a drink with the others
  And you can tell me all  about how i objectified you?
  I think i'd rather  have you all to myself.
  Javier: Oh, becca.  My darling girl.
  A boy, javier.  We're having a son.
  Tito, i should  explain something to you.
  I'm not the kind of girl  you want to mess around with.
  I want to mess around  with you.
  (grunts)
  (groaning)
  It's a good one.
  Mr. Fiss.
  Congratulations.
  Excuse me?
  Well, looks like  you're having a big night.
  Javier's paintings  selling for three times  their previous value.
  What's your cut?
  And here i thought  you were an art lover.
  I'm disappointed.
  Oh, no, no, no. I love art.
  On a policeman's salary,  it is kind of tough  to keep up my collection.
  But i do have  that one vermer.
  Mmm. Vermeer.
  Excuse me, detective.  I'm gonna go  somewhere you're not.
  The extra cash  has gotta help pay off  some of those debts of yours.
  And maybe now you  can get 20 bucks from  an atm when you need it.
  You seem to be suggesting  i killed javier for money.
  He was my friend, detective.
  You were in love  with his wife.
  I believe lola  deserved better.
  Maybe you killed him  because he knocked up  your teenage daughter.
  What did you say?
  Javier was like  an uncle to becca.
  Yeah, there was love there,  but it wasn't...
  Oh, come on.  You expect us to  believe you didn't know?
  Did javier seem  like the uncle type to you?
  You found out that  your best friend was  going to be your son-in-law,
  And it was a bridge too far.
  You snapped.
  Ravi: Stop!
  Hold that position!
  The angle of the brush,  it had to be swung from above  javier by someone taller,
  But if javier was  on the bottom step...
  (ravi grunts)
  (exclaims)
  He stumbles backwards  four or five paces
  And the blood splatter  hits these steps.
  The killer could've  been liv's size.
  Are you sure  about this pregnancy?
  Lola, you told me  javier never wanted children.
  You never mentioned  whether or not you did.
  You weren't covering for your  friend artie, were you?
  Artie was covering for you.
  The waitress  at the restaurant wasn't sure  what time you arrived,
  Only that artie left  to go to an atm.
  You killed javier  before you even got there.
  You found out he was  going to have the baby
  And start the family  he never had with you.
  Artie: You knew about this?
  And you didn't tell me?
  Clive: And 20 minutes ago,
  Lola confided in me that  you left the restaurant
  Long enough  to commit the murder.
  Detective.
  -I did not...  -Artie: Lola! Stop!
  When i got back from the atm,  there you were,
  30 minutes late  and practically  hyperventilating.
  Remember?
  I reached up with my napkin
  To wipe what i thought  was red paint from your cheek.
  When we found javier dead,  i knew it was you.
  And you somehow knew  i would cover for you.
  You used me.
  He was leaving me  to start a family
  With an 18-year-old girl.
  Clive: Lola abano,
  You have the right  to remain silent.
  Anything you say can and will  be used against you  in a court of law.
  You little albino tease!  Look what you did to me!
  -(thud)  -(crowd gasps)
  There's a second pair  of cuffs in my car.
  You mind grabbing them for me?
  I guess you were right.
  It's always the wife.
  Liv: Javier's brain  shows me a view of  the world that's brighter,
  More vibrant.
  I can't let lola  diminish that view.
  I'm not ready to go back  to a world without that light.
  I want this feeling to last.
  I want to leave  something more than  impressive report cards
  To remember me by.
  There is so much  beauty in the world.
  And that's all that matters.
  Inspiration. Love.
  The heart wants what it wants.
  Who are we to deny it?
  Apparently, that mix cd  was a gateway drug.
  I'm going to need  a more substantial fix.
  Oh, uh... Okay.
  Come on in.
  Did you want me to  lend you something or...
  I want you  to come sit with me.
  Are you drunk?
  I just want to be  here with you.
  Let's hang out.
  You want to hang out?
  Am i gonna come  over there or are you  gonna come over here?
  I just think that you're being  really weird right now.
  Come
  Sit with me.
  I can't take another second  of not being close to you.
  I just can't.
  What the hell, liv?
  You can't take  not being close to me?
  Since when?
  You've been icing me out  for six months.
  I did everything
  To try to get just one moment  of anything even remotely  affectionate from you.
  You gave me nothing.
  The day i came  to drop off your stuff
  You could barely  look me in the eye.
  And now you can't take  not being close to me?
  You need to go.
  -Major...  -No, just go, all right?
  Liv: The passionate  mind is selfish.
  It's so focused on  what it desires,
  Reason becomes  background noise.
  Javier's brain made me  cross the line that divides  what i long for
  And what i can never have.
  There were so many nights  i could have been with major
  That i stayed home studying.
  Days i could have spent
  Sucking the marrow  out of life,
  I spent building a resume  for a life i'd never have.
  There were parts of me  that were dead even  before i became a zombie.
  So maybe that means  it's possible for parts of me  to spring to life,
  Even now that i'm dead.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 