iZombie: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e11 - Astroburger - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Astroburger - full transcript 
 A person close to Major dies of an apparent suicide; a secret computer file comes to light. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  (growls)
  I was at the  lake washington massacre.
  People were tearing  each other to pieces.
  This menu is  homeless teenagers  who blaine kills
  In cold blood for profit!
  -(gunshot)  -(screams)
  -You're going to get me  the brain of alan york.  -The astronaut?
  Johnny: I'm a  beloved public figure.
  Isn't there something  we could do to just  make this go away?
  Major: That candyman  guy came at me  with a sledgehammer.
  -(glass shattering)  -when i shot the guy,
  His eyes turned bright red!
  What you're saying happened  didn't happen.
  And if you believe it did,  you got a problem.
  You're not checking yourself  in to a mental hospital,  you're not crazy.
  Liv: For a few weeks  he's safe.
  I've seen guys like  your candyman.
  I still have nightmares  about those eyes.  They're red.
  -You know what they are?  -What are they?
  Friggin' zombies.
  Orderly: Yo, numbnuts!
  What is your  malfunction, major?
  Good one.  Just waiting for scott e.
  Maybe he's tired  of kicking your ass.
  (in a russian accent) comrade!  Time to play chess, da?
  Come on, dude!
  They got the  new safety scissors in.
  I could be making  a serenity collage for my...
  Scott! Hey!  I need some help in here!
  Hey, scott.
  Help! Scott!
  (theme song playing)
  Victim's name was  scott eberhard, aka scott e.
  Twenty-four.  Small-time drug dealer.
  He checked in  seven months ago.
  And he used this to check out.
  I've seen shivs  like this in prison.
  But people in prison generally  don't use 'em on themselves.
  Scott e didn't  do this to himself.
  See, if his heart had still  been beating when  his wrists were slit,
  That tub would  be a deeper red.
  The rose tint suggests  he was dead or nearly dead
  Before his wrists were slit.
  Making this murder.
  Who discovered the body?
  Hey, stranger.
  Aren't you a  sight for sore eyes.
  Detective.
  Why don't you start  by telling us what time  you found the victim?
  It was before morning group.  So, maybe 9:30?
  He was late for our chess game  so i left the day room  and went looking for him.
  See anyone else near his room?
  Just brie,  another client here.
  What's her relationship,  if any, to the victim?
  Friends with benefits.
  I believe that's what  the kids are calling it.
  So potentially  a lover's quarrel?
  "lover" would be  overstating the nature  of the relationship.
  Brie has lots of friends.
  We talked to  one of the orderlies.
  He said you'd get pretty  frustrated by scott e  beating you at chess.
  Yeah, so i murdered him.
  You're right, liv,  this guy is good.
  It's a mental hospital.  Everyone's a suspect.
  Scott e and i,  we played chess and  were in the same group.
  That was our relationship.
  You know who  might've had it in for him?
  -Uh... The devil?  -The devil.
  He'd tell anyone who listened  the devil was after him.
  You'd see him talking to  himself, pissed off,
  But he'd insist he was  talking to the devil.
  So, i should call in the apb.
  Horns. Pointy tail. Pitchfork?
  Anything else you can tell us?
  Scott e was one  of my favorite patients.
  Funny. Iq of 145.
  No family history  of mental illness,
  Although there was some  emotional abuse at home.
  We heard he was having  conversations with the devil.
  Persecutory delusions,
  Symptomatic of a psychotic  disorder like scott's.
  No family history  of mental illness,  what landed him in here?
  His psychotic break was  triggered by a  particularly traumatic event.
  You remember the massacre  that happened out  on lake washington?
  Did he know someone  who died out there?
  Several people. He was there.
  He witnessed the entire thing.
  I can imagine how  an event like that  could change a person.
  Who would you say he was  closest to in here,  dr. Larson?
  Oh, he was a bit of a loner.
  But recently, he had become  quite close to one of the new  patients, major lilywhite.
  Those two were  thick as thieves.
  Careful.
  Don't open yourself up  to the classic reversed  sicilian gambit.
  That's a chess thing, right?
  Sounds more like something  a call girl would make  you pay extra for.
  Listen... (sighs)
  I apologize for clive going  all joe friday back there...
  Scott e did tell me  something else.
  But it's just... (sighs)
  It's so crazy.
  (sighs deeply)
  Liv...
  Did you see anything strange  at the boat party?
  (scoffs)
  You mean, besides  all the bloodshed
  And the fire and the corpses?
  He said...
  He said he saw zombies.
  (chuckles) zombies? Like...
  Real, flesh-eating zombies?
  Look, i... I know.
  But he said he didn't just  see these zombies.
  He got them on video.  On his phone.
  -Did he show it to you?  -No.
  But he, uh... He said  he sent it to a friend.  Someone in local tv.
  Like i said,  it's crazy, right?
  I told myself that at least  major would be safe
  If he stopped hunting down  the candyman and checked  himself into that hospital.
  Turns out it's a great place  to get yourself murdered and  learn about zombies.
  You know, removing the  porcelain from that dish  isn't gonna help, liv.
  The good news for scott e,  such as it is,
  The toxicology report shows  that he went gently to that  warm bath in the sky
  From an overdose  of amitriptyline.
  So a doctor? Or a nurse?
  Well, patients are notorious  for not swallowing their meds,  saving them up.
  So anyone in blooming grove  could've gotten their hands on  enough amitriptyline
  To put scott e under,  then slit his wrists and make  it look like a suicide.
  They just got the dosage  a bit too high.
  Now, you might want to have  some serious pharmaceuticals  on hand yourself
  For when scott e's  brains kick in.
  No drugs.  I need to stay sharp.
  I've got to find that  zombie video.
  See, i'm worried about what  effect this brain's gonna  have on you.
  Agreed, it would be less than  ideal if that video got out,
  -But...  -It would be catastrophic.
  While we're on the subject of  huge problems we'd like to  nip in the bud,
  Where do we stand with blaine?
  Well, i need to find him  before i can rid  the world of him.
  Which won't be easy without  a last name or address.
  Well, in the meantime,  i don't want you to do  anything crazy,
  Like think you can fly  and jump off a building
  Or try and assassinate  the president.
  Or ruin my date tonight.
  You're not gonna go all  single very white female on  me, are you?
  You know, cut your hair like  peyton, try and crawl into  bed with me?
  Can't say for sure.
  Crazy brain.  Kind of a crap shoot.
  What? I'm just giving you  a heads up.
  Be on guard.
  Mmm, food's here!
  Stop laughing at my socks.
  I'm not laughing at anything.
  Why is he so amused by the  fact that i wear socks?
  Several pairs. At once.
  My feet get cold.
  I just think it's funny that  you wear these tiny shorts
  And then 10 pairs of socks  because you're cold.
  Oh, do you have a problem  with my tiny shorts?
  Oh, no, none whatsoever.
  Your, uh, short-to-sock ratio  is bloody brilliant.
  They forgot my  szechuan dan dan noodles.
  Wow, something other than  hellfire cheezy puffs  and hot sauce.
  Hey, i don't have to  tell you not to talk  during vertigo, right?
  I don't want to hear about  how any of the deaths  are scientifically inaccurate.
  I was just gonna  eat in my room.
  You have to eat with us.  Hey, tell her.
  You must stay.
  -Please.  -(knocking at door)
  My dan dan noodles.  The evening is saved!
  Hey. Are you okay?
  I got a giant indian to  throw a sink through a window  and jumped to freedom.
  Nah, i'm just kidding.  I checked myself out.
  So, you're feeling better?
  Definitely.
  Great.
  I'm... I'm sorry to  just stop by. Is ravi here?
  I couldn't get in my place,  i think he changed the locks.
  Hey.
  Good to see you out  and about, mate.
  Hey, get your butt in here  and help us eat all this food.
  Yeah, i've been eating a lot  of stuff that requires spoons  for the past week so, um...
  Yeah, sure.
  Did you know there were  two general tsos,  both from the qing dynasty?
  This dish was named  for the one that suppressed  the dungan revolt.
  No. But i do now.
  Then this chicken  did not die in vain.
  I can almost taste the  crushed dreams of  dungan rebels.
  Okay, are you ready  to pop this in?
  Oh, remember, guys,  it's ravi's first time.
  Uh, vertigo virgin here.  Be gentle with me.
  Maybe not tonight, peyton.
  "an unhinged man is sucked  into a whirlpool of terror  and tension."
  -Perhaps another day.  -Yeah.
  Well, let's watch something  that's new for all of us.
  So i'm gonna guess that  no one's gonna let me  watch harvey, either?
  Some real jimmy stewart  haters here.
  Has anybody been  watching zombie high?  I hear season 2's amazing.
  Oh, i...
  What?  You used to love that show.
  Major: She's worried about me.
  I knew this guy at  the mental hospital
  Who kept trying to convince me  that zombies were  roaming seattle.
  But i'm okay.
  You want to feel better  about your mental health?
  Spend a couple of days with  some clinically insane people.
  I do it every thanksgiving.
  I mean, it's not like  i believe the guy.
  Zombies? Come on.
  Hellfire devil:  What a load of crap.
  (chuckling) that dude  totally believes in zombies.
  And he's gonna find that  video if you don't  get to it first!
  -Are you not hearing him?  -Hearing who?
  Him, the devil.
  Why are we whispering?
  Oh, the devil's  talking to you.
  So scott e's brain's  kicking in.
  Unless you're  hearing him, too.
  Happily, no.
  What's with the complexion,  girly girl?
  -Mime class just get out?  -Rude.
  I am concerned.
  But i'm also craving salt  before sweet.  Do you think he'd mind?
  Eat me!
  He seemed okay with it.
  -That was fun.  -Yeah, definitely.
  Do you think we spoiled  ravi and peyton's date?
  (peyton giggling)
  I think they're  right on track.
  Hellfire devil:  Ooh, get me in there!  I like to watch!
  Yeah, i like it rough!
  (gasping) crush me!
  You okay?
  Empty calories.
  More importantly, are you?
  You sure you want to go home?
  Last time you were there  you got attacked.
  You don't need to rush these  things, our couch is free.
  Yeah, but...
  I'm kind of dying to try  our sweet new deadbolts.
  -(sighs) okay then, night.  -Good night.
  (sighs)
  Hellfire devil:  Hey, whitey!
  Wanna see my o-face?
  (knocking at door)
  You know what? I'm kind of  dreading going back there.
  Were you serious  about the couch?
  Here's a pack of cutlery  in case you can't wait  until you get home.
  Not exactly finger food,  is it?
  No. It's brains.
  But i can get you fingers  if that's your thing.
  We haven't talked  in a while, lieutenant.
  I was beginning to think that  i hurt your feelings.
  A lot of tears on the pillow,  but i'm past it now.
  I should probably tell you who  we found cradling the body  of your friend lowell,
  Sobbing her eyes out.
  That zombie who  works in the morgue.
  Yes, you should tell me.
  Was she there  in a professional capacity?
  She was dating the deceased.
  Gotta wonder if she was in  the loop on his plan
  To skewer your head  with a barbecue fork.
  Oh.
  And in your, uh,
  Professional opinion?
  She seemed to buy it when  we ruled his death a suicide.
  In the future,
  Remember that i like  my information
  The same way you  like your brains.
  -Unconditional?  -Fresh.
  What's all this?
  Mmm.
  Do you have a quarter-million  dollars on you?
  Then you don't really  need to know.
  Where's astronaut alan york?
  The fifth man to  walk on the moon
  Was a no-show at a bellevue  book signing yesterday.
  -Houston, we have a problem.  -(chuckles)
  And if you hate  chilly weather, you might have  a problem the next few days.
  Isn't that right, johnny?
  It's not going to be  dark side of the moon cold,
  But, yes, we are definitely in  for some sweater weather.
  Or, in aaron's case,  ugly sweater weather.  (laughing) am i right?
  What the hell are you doing?
  Weatherman:  ...That's for sure.
  Anyway, we will have a  big storm front coming in  from canada
  Across the border...
  Clive, i saw something  at blooming grove.
  The woman scott e was  having sex with had her  legs up in the air,
  The way you do when you're  trying to get pregnant.
  He was none too happy  about being a father.
  Oh, god, sorry.
  Geez, liv, get a nanny cam.
  You know, if you walk in  on me one more time
  I'm gonna have to mention  it in my airbnb review.
  Meanwhile, you're  the perfect guest.
  You sleep okay?
  Ah, good enough.
  But i'm burning daylight, liv,  and i need a job.
  I'm the early bird,  ready to get that worm.
  (yawning) so look out, worm,  i'm coming at you.
  Maybe you should  get some more sleep.
  Yeah, you could be right.
  This couch wasn't exactly  built for sleeping.
  I'm sorry, innkeep,  looks like you're down  to four stars...
  Feel free to use my bed.
  I can't find his phone.
  This says he  checked in with one.
  Well, my partner might have  already come by  and picked it up.
  -Detective babineaux?  -He hasn't been in.
  But i do have  the visitors records  he asked us to provide.
  This is everyone who visited  scott e during  his hospitalization.
  Holy crap.
  Thanks for  talking to us, brie.
  You were seen outside  of scott e's room
  Just before he was found dead.
  What were you doing  at that time?
  Walking down the hall.
  You have the same kind eyes  my daddy had...
  ...Before i burned down  his car dealership.
  Let's talk about scott e.
  I heard you two would, um...
  ...Consort together.
  (giggles)
  If by "consort"  you mean "screw,"
  Then sure,
  We "consorted"  like bunny rabbits.
  Hellfire devil: Liv.
  -Liv.  -Brie: I believe in man's  inherent nature.
 Ever read the book of lucifer?
  Just a verse or two before bed  each night,
  Curled up with a warm mug  of ghost blood.
  (tut-tutting)
  Don't mock the devil,  clive babineaux.
  Are you saying  you're the devil?
  No, i'm merely one  of his minions.
  Hellfire devil:  Join me, liv.
  Stop it!
  Liv?
  (sighs) are you pregnant?
  Are you kidding? No.
  That's the only pill  i always take.
  Hellfire devil:  Way to take charge, liv.
  I'm sorry, can we take five?
  I thought she'd never leave.
  Enough, you're  embarrassing yourselves.
  Hellfire devils: (chanting)  we know who the killer is.
  We know who the killer is!
  Yeah, well,  if you're so smart,  why are you in there?
  (sighs)
  Stupid thing ate my dollar.
  Ravi, have you ever had  a dozen bags of chips
  Shouting, "who killed  the kennedys" at you?
  Look who dropped by.
  Long time, sister.
  Hey, there.
  Wasn't sure  we'd ever see you again.
  Nice tan.
  Just checking up  on the cure progress,
  And the good doctor here  suggested i get a little  check-up of my own.
  I was just telling him we were  hoping max rager may unlock  some clues
  To the pathology of  your shared condition.
  -Seeing as how it played a  role in the initial outbreak.  -Exactly.
  So i'd like to get your vitals  immediately after
  You consume some,  see if that triggers anything.
  You're the doctor.
  Uh, there should be a few  max ragers in the fridge, liv.
  Would you mind  grabbing us some?
  Liv: Now that i found him  this is my chance.
  Here you go.
  Classy.
  I normally take this  in the can.
  It seems like we should both  see where we're at together.
  Right, liv?
  After you.
  Live to the max.
  Ooh.
  So what happens next?
  Am i still alive?
  Sometimes i can't tell.
  I'm seeing a slightly elevated  bp. But no cause for concern.
  I'm up five points systolic,  two points diastolic.
  (groans)
  I miss it, don't you?
  An occasional  rush of adrenaline?
  The kind we could get  before we were half-dead.
  I need you two focused  on a cure.
  All our free time  is devoted to it.
  If the people of seattle  would just quit  murdering each other.
  Did ravi tell you  about our latest delivery?
  From blooming grove?
  Scott eberhard.
  Scott e. What happened?
  That's what we're  trying to determine.
  Utopium dealer.
  Went off the deep end  after everything he saw  out on lake washington.
  I thought you might know him.
  Old running buddy.
  I swung by a few times  and played chess with him.
  Did he ever tell you he shot  a boat party video?
  He said it featured  some very special guests.
  Zombies?
  Uh-huh. A zombie video.
  Never came up. I wish it had.
  It was good to see you, liv.
  Let me know if you  want the name of someone
  Who can do something  about that skin tone.
  Like one of those  self-hating zombies.
  As if.
  Cyanide.
  Botulinum toxin.
  I'm sure you considered all  the options we had on hand  to end blaine's life.
  I thought about it.
  A bullet in the heart  won't kill a zombie.
  I couldn't be sure  what poison would do.
  And if it were lethal, i'd  have had two dead zombies  and a very guilty conscience.
  Yeah, i wouldn't want to  put you out.
  We spoke to  scott e's psychiatrist.
  She said you and he  were actually pretty tight.
  I wanted to drill down  on that without liv  rushing to your rescue.
  We played chess.  We didn't exchange  friendship bracelets.
  But i'll tell you  anything i know.
  All right, did scott e  talk about anything else
  Other than chess  and the devil?
  Yeah. Getting out, i guess.
  What did he want to do?
  Meet a nice girl,  settle down, start a family?
  Hardly. He went off on  a whole rant about it one day
  About how he'd screw up  a kid if he had one.
  Any idea what  motivated that rant?
  Not a clue.
  The world being such a  kid-friendly place and all.
  Sir, can i help you  with something?
  I remember you.
  Johnny frost.
  Tv weatherman and  solicitor of prostitutes.
  Yes, well, i'm just as  god made me.
  Really?  Those teeth are god-given?
  I'm here to identify the body  of scott eberhard.
  You're his friend?
  The one who worked  in local tv? He's over here.
  (sighs) poor kid.
  First time he was busted  his parents disowned him.
  Well, he's in a  better place now.
  One that's always  75 and sunny.
  How did you know him?
  He was my pot dealer.
  Oh.
  I became something of an  uncle-figure to scott e.
  This might be  a strange question,
  But did he ever  give you a video?
  He could have e-mailed it  to you or handed you a  memory stick or dvd.
  A video of what?
  The lake washington massacre.
  He was never the same  after that night.
  It's still an open case.
  We heard that he took camera  phone video that evening  that could shed some light.
  Well, he never gave me  anything like that, but,
  I know where he  stashed his valuables. Uh...
  I could show you.
  Looks like we're in  for some rain
  As we head to our high today  of 63 degrees,
  That's 17 degrees celsius.
  He kept a key in  that fake rock.
  Nice.
  The place has  been burglarized.
  Tv's here. Stereo, too.
  The stash is here.
  Right where you  said it would be.
  Yes, yes, but my head shot
  Used to hang right here.
  Hey, you want to slip  harold & kumar into  the dvd player,
  Make some grilled cheeses?
  Kill an afternoon the way  scott e and i used to do.
  His laptop.  Maybe it's on here.
  Oh, if this couch could talk.
  I used to sneak away at night  while my wife lay asleep
  In her room,  like a salmon on ice.
  Oh, i'd get super high with  scott e and we'd ponder  the big questions.
  Beatles or stones?
  Kirk or picard?
  Ren or stimpy?
  He's got, like,  hundreds of hours of  world chess championships
  But no lake washington  videos, damn it.
  Oh, don't let those  storm clouds roll in.
  You've got the laptop,  you can find the phone,  can't you?
  You're a genius, johnny frost.
  (thunder cracking)
  Liv: This is the place.
  An apartment number  would be nice.
  You can't exactly search  all the units.
  (exhales) are you okay?
  Your face looks frostbit.
  Hang in there.
  I'm predicting highs of  63 degrees tomorrow,  that's 17 celsius.
  That's what you said it would  be today, but it felt  a lot colder.
  (chuckles) leave the weather  to the professionals, sweetie.
  Liv: We need some luck.
  We're not gonna be the  only people looking  for this video.
  (sighs) this is where  the computer should be.
  I can smell the weed in here.
  You wanna try to find it?
  It's not worth the effort now  that the state's gone legal.
  The whole neighborhood's  about to get a contact high.
  (clattering)
  Wind must have blown it over.
  Let's get this over with.
  If that video exists,  no one needs to see it.
  (sirens wailing)
  (snoring)
  -(gasps)  -hey! Look.
  I know that guy  from the mental hospital.
  That's the orderly who was  working the day of the murder.
  Check the number  on that spot, we'll know  which unit is his.
  Come on, you got this!
  Don't strain yourself.
  Sorry, damn rotator cuff.
  Your hair is fine.
  Oh, my vanity is the issue,  not your breaking  and entering.
  (cell phone ringing)
  Hey, liv,  the toilet's ringing.
  Jackpot.
  Scott e's phone.
  -And oxycodones.  -Oxies, roxies,
  -Killers, green devils,  hillbilly heroin...  -(cell phone ringing)
  Johnny-feel-goods...
  Needs an access code.
  Yeah, and i need  some johnny time. Sorry.
  Merci beaucoup.
  Liv: Clive,  i've just had a vision.
  The orderly we saw  at the crime scene,
  He's stealing patients'  personal effects.
  He stashed scott e's  cell phone in his toilet
  Along with enough oxies  to open a pharmacy.
  That's quite  the detailed vision.
  But it's gonna take more  than your crystal ball  to get a search warrant.
  Okay. Got it. See you later.
  (pop music playing  loudly from stereo)
  Man: 911 operator,  what's your emergency?
  Hey, my neighbor's  having a party.
  It is out of control!
  That's right!
  Yes.
  Hey. You're home.
  How'd it go today?
  The job search? Not so good.
  I should move...
  ...To the couch.
  In a minute...
  (cell phone ringing)
  -What's up.  -Clive: Last night,  right after we hung up
  Dispatcher got a  noise complaint.
  Officers arrived to find  music blaring
  And a trail of  schedule ii narcotics
  Visible through the  front window of guess who.
  Liv: Uh...
 Clive: Meet me at the station.
  When you see who  i've brought in don't bother  acting surprised.
  You're looking at  real prison time.
  Possession with  the intent to distribute.
  Ten years.
  (sniffles)
  You coming down  with something?
  Oh, no, it's just one of  the problems of being around  sick people all day.
  Okay. Listen, i, uh...
  I pawned a lot  of the clients stuff,
  The ones who died.
  But i would never kill anyone.
  Why wasn't scott's phone  with the others?
  I could have sworn  it was there.
  What about the pills?  Where'd you get those?
  Ten years is  a long time, jeff.
  Dr. Larson.
  Dr. Larson?
  Yeah.
  She wrote me a 'scrip so that  i'd keep my mouth shut.
  A few months ago i walked in  on scott e
  And dr. Larson doing the deed.
  Hopefully the kid  will have his personality.
  Dr. Larson's pregnant?
  -Something like this?  -That's it.
  Yes.
  That is exactly what  i saw in my vision.
  What is going on here?
  You don't have a warrant.
  (groans)
  The duty nurse invited us  to wait in the room.
  We didn't open  any drawers or closets.
  But there was plenty  right out here in the open.
  Pregnancy pops...
  What to expect when  you're expecting.
  My pregnancy is no secret.
  My husband and i have been  trying for a very long time.
  Is this your dad? He must be  very excited to be  a grandfather.
  That's my husband.
  Hellfire devil:  Geezer must be  shooting dust.
  How's your husband going  to feel about raising  another man's baby
  While you're in prison?
  This magical thinking  you're exhibiting
  May be an early sign  of dementia.
  I can recommend somebody  if you'd like.
  Ooh, she's got a couple  of brass ones, doesn't she?
  You mind?
  Here's satan!
  Oxmoor college?
  So you're a blue demon.
  Maybe you had some idea why  scott e lived in constant fear  of the devil?
  I see what  you're insinuating.
  But you have no proof.
  Just an eyewitness who saw  the two of you in flagrante.
  Hellfire devil:  Boom shakalaka!
  And that baby's dna is gonna  tell the definitive story.
  You have no proof  that i had anything to  do with scott's death.
  Clive: We're working on that.
  But my guess is  you're going to confess
  To the murder when you realize  it'll spare you from  a paternity test.
  No mom would want the family  that emotionally abused
  And abandoned scott e  raising that child.
  Scott told me if i didn't  abort the baby, he would  tell everyone everything.
  It was scott or the baby.
  Dr. Maddy larson,  you have the right  to remain silent.
  Anything you say can,
  And will be used against you  in a court of law.
  Hellfire devil: (stammering)  that's all, folks!
  I don't know how  she lives with herself.
  She violated every conceivable  moral and ethical code
  Because she thought that life  had cheated her out of  the happiness she deserves.
  You sure i can't help?
  And be an even more perfect  houseguest?
  No way.
  I can't imagine  what got into her...
  Whoa.
  What was that?
  Tell me why  we can't be together.
  I know you love me,
  But my head goes to  dark places.
  Did... Did you cheat  on me or
  Did i start to bore you?
  You know how scott e said  there were zombies  at the boat party?
  Yeah.
  He was right.
  I saw them.
  Don't kid about this.
  I just checked myself out  of a mental hospital.
  I'm not kidding.  I wouldn't do that to you.
  Zombies really do exist.
  They do.
  And one of them scratched me.
  So...
  You're...
  You're one of them?
  Your hair, your skin...
  That's why you  called the wedding off.
  The people who killed  jerome and eddie...
  Zombies?
  Yeah.
  (sighs)
  How does it feel to  finally know the truth?
  Better.
  (sobbing)
  Careful, man.
  This stuff is like moon dust.
  Mind-expanding,  space-travel moon dust.
  My platinum-level clients  are very excited.
  $200,000. Right here.
  Is it worth it? I don't know.  How much is 10 trips  to the moon worth?
  Luta: Boss! Boss!
  They're gone. All my orders.
  Wait. What are you saying?
  I loaded 'em in the car.
  I came back in to take a leak,  and when i went back out,  they were gone.
  (sighing)
  Yeah...
  I'm so sorry, boss.
  I'll get 'em back, no matter  what i'm gonna get it back
  And it's not gonna  happen again...
  (gasping)
  (sighs) get up.
  We've got work to do.
  Ravi: And in zombie state, the  subject remains aggressive.
  Though, with each  subsequent dose,
  I've succeeded in returning  vital signs to normal levels.
  But i'm running out of  materials for experimentation.
  If i don't find a cure soon,
  I won't have enough  tainted utopium to use  on a human-zombie subject.
  Zombie rat is no more.
  I have a template  for the cure.
  More testing required,  but i'm close.
  So close.
  Ten thousand possible  combinations on this phone.
  I've tried 300 and i feel  like my thumb is gonna  fall off.
  Do you want to do a few?
  I can't risk it, hon. Sorry.
  These hands have  to be camera-ready.
  Female anchor on tv:  Apollo astronaut alan york,
  One of only 12 astronauts  to ever walk on the moon,
  Is now officially listed  as missing, according to  seattle police.
  Two days ago, york failed  to show up at an east side  book signing,
  And later that day also missed
  -Scheduled appearances...  -How does an  american hero just disappear?
  On the bright side,  a nice day for a manhunt.
  Right now it's 63 degrees,  that's 17 celsius.
  Why do you keep saying that?
  I went for a coffee and i  just about froze my ass off.
  I think you need a  refresher course  in temperature.
  Johnny on tv: Right, kathi.
  At a time like this,  our thoughts and prayers
  Are with alan york,  his family and friends.
  And with anyone who forgot  to bundle up today,
  It was chilly out there as  predicted. Ooh, i warned you.
  Chilly, chilly winds...
  Liv: Oh, my god.
  Johnny frost was a delusion.
  It was always scott e's  brain leading me around.
  Johnny frost probably  doesn't even know scott e.
  If johnny frost wasn't  the friend in local tv,
  Then who else has the video?
  63 degrees, 17 celsius.
  It worked.
  Lake washington.
  (all screaming)
  (groaning)
  That's me!
  (knocking at door)
  (sighs)
  Hey, can i come in?
  Sure.
  Um...
  How's the job search going?
  Job search?
  You told me mission one  was finding a job, didn't you?
  No, it must have been  someone else.
  Liv, i, uh...
  (sighs) i've got to  show you something.
  Don't freak out, all right?
  I wasn't crazy.
  No one else is here,  right? Peyton?
  Just us.
  It's the world that's crazy,
  And i've got proof.
  Zombies are real, liv.
  These coolers are  full of brains.
  Now, it's a lot to absorb,  i know, but i will  explain everything.
  And don't worry, 'cause  i'm gonna kill them.
  I'm gonna kill them all.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 