iZombie: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e7 - Maternity Liv - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Maternity Liv - full transcript 
 When a pregnant woman dies, Liv develops a strong maternal instinct from eating her brain. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  You are who you eat.
  You don't just  have their visions,
  You also get some of their  personality traits.
  Eddie never came home.  And now jerome's missing.
  The skate park guy that jerome  was talking about?
  He called him the candyman.
  Can we not go down there  and just check him out  or something?
  Clive: Don't do  anything stupid.
  What do you mean,  kids are going missing?  How many?
  I met another zombie.
  Ravi: Friendly?  Liv: Quite.
  If you want to find a cure  you have to know how  a disease defends itself.
  Wait. You think you  can cure this?
  You were expecting  to stay like this forever?
  (laughing)
  Yuck it up, lightweight.
  You just want me to empty the  bottle so we can spin it.
  You're not serious.  What's next,  "seven minutes in heaven"?
  Three minutes...  Thank you very much.
  -(groaning)  -(gasping)
  Girl: Oh, my god.  Is she okay?
  Girl 2: Do something, kyle!
  Boy: We need to help her.
  Oh, my god!  You know who this is?
  Emily sparrow...
  Help us...
  (theme song playing)
  Emily sparrow passed  away early this morning,  from exposure and shock.
  Doctors were, however,
  Able to save her baby,  who continues to be  monitored at st. Thomas' nicu.
  So, many assumed  the boyfriend,  dylan munson,
  Killed her when he found out  that she was pregnant  with his kid.
  Does this new information  exonerate him?
  We're not ruling anything out.
  Our task force will  exhaust all resources  to find out what happened.
  So it's "all hands on deck"  for the upper-middle class  white girl who's already dead,
  Yet you won't assign even  one detective to look  into the missing kids
  From nine trolls skate park?
  -Where's their task force?  -Missing persons is  looking into that case.
  This briefing is  about emily sparrow.
  That's all. Thank you.
  (sobbing)
  I assure you,  we will treat your daughter
  With the utmost respect.
  Mr. And mrs. Sparrow,  sorry for your loss.
  Clive babineaux.  I'm assigned to  emily's task force.
  If you think of anything  relevant to the case,
  -I'm at your disposal.  -Dylan munson's  responsible for this,
  One way or another.
  That's the only relevant thing  you need to know.
  Come on, sweetheart.  Let's go.
  -He seems pretty certain.  -Well, he's not the only one.
  Everyone liked the  boyfriend for this.
  Just couldn't find  any evidence,  on him or anyone else.
  Homicide's got nothing.
  We still haven't had  anyone come to fix our  id card reader.
  It's been months!  This is a restricted area.
  Ugh. I've seen florists with  better security.
  That would be great. Thanks.
  They're sending someone.
  Ten calls. Ten versions of,
  "why does a morgue  need security?
  "it's not like the bodies are  just gonna walk away."
  Well, did you explain that  we're not so much worried  about the dead walking away
  As the undead  walking back in?
  I don't want blaine showing up  unannounced again, either.
  But whatever he's  doing at nine trolls,  our saving grace is that
  He still needs you  looking for a cure.
  For all the advantages  zombie-ism gives him,
  Nothing is worth an eternity  of eating brains. Trust me.
  Okay. Severely  sprained ankle, recent.
  She couldn't have  traveled far  to reach that campsite.
  Did you hear anything  about the baby?
  Apparently,  he's quite healthy.  Lacerations, both palms...
  I wonder what  they're feeding him.
  -Broken thumb, right hand.  -How long is he going to be  in the nicu?
  Until dylan munson  claims custody.
  There's not much here  to go off, i'm afraid,
  I mean, aside from the  injuries probably sustained  from trying to hike
  Through a forest in the dark.
  Stomach full of water,  moderate malnourishment.
  I should get a sample  of her intestinal tissue.
  Though not remotely sexual,
  -That's got to be some  form of harassment.  -Watch your fingers.
  That scalpel is sharp.
  I'd say emily's  brain effects are taking hold.
  Specifically, the fierce  maternal instinct
  That kicks in  just prior to giving birth.
  Why don't you call it a day?  Unless you have the urge  to make me lunch,
  -Or do my laundry.  -You wish.
  Have you really  not eaten lunch?
  Please let this  conversation end
  With you cutting the crusts  off a peanut butter  and jelly sandwich.
  That's not funny.
  Are you really hungry,  though, seriously?
  I think i'm done for the day.
  But you should eat something.  Possibly with vegetables.  If you so choose.
  Okay. I'm leaving now.
  (baby crying faintly)
  Oh, isn't this a rare treat.  I can't remember the last time
  I had a surprise  visit from you.
  Kind of makes you want to have  one of your own, doesn't it?
  She hasn't picked him up yet.
  The nurse. He's not crying  but he's awake.
  He needs to be held.
  Give me two minutes to  reschedule my meeting,  and then we'll grab lunch.
  We just did the autopsy  on his mother.
  Oh. I'm sorry. I assumed...
  -You're here for the baby.  -I was going to  come see you, mom.
  That's fine.  Pediatric medicine.
  Now that's a wonderful  application for your talents.
  Questioning my life choices...
  A familiar application  of yours.
  I'm your mother,  it's part of the deal.
  I have your best  interests at heart.
  You could, for once,  just listen to me.
  -I'm sick of listening to you!  -Emily!
  It's all good, dude.
  I was already done.
  (grunts)
  Emily: What are you gonna do,  lock me in here forever?
  Watch us!
  I mean, mes get breaks  for lunch, don't they?  Would it kill you to...
  Rain check, mom.  I have to go.
  Okay. All right, listen,  i gotta go. Bye.
  I had a vision.
  I think emily's parents  locked her up to  keep her away from dylan,
  And held her captive  for eight months.
  So they find out  she's pregnant,  go off the deep end.
  As plausible as any  other theory so far,
  But i can't pursue it.  Not yet.
  -Why not?  -The sparrows are  detective flynn's detail.
  I'm part of a task force,  remember?
  I've been assigned to  dylan's interrogation.  And i'm late.
  All right, fine.
  -Let's talk to dylan.  -Suzuki's lead.
  The best i can do is  let you watch from  the observation room, okay?
  -Not really.  -I've created a monster.
  Yeah, someone beat  you to the punch on that.
  I, uh, like what you guys have  done with the place.
  Hard to believe  it's been this long.
  Almost eight months  since we sat across  this table and talked.
  Yeah, time flies when  your life's a living hell.
  I mean, you, the sparrows,  the press... You guys  did quite a number on me.
  Hell, i can hardly wait to do
  Whatever i can  to help you guys out.
  Is that how you really  want to play this?
  You ever think of  changing the narrative, dylan?
  What?
  Help us out, and we'll do  what we can to get
  Your picture in  all the papers,
  But with a new headline.
  "wrongly-accused boyfriend  helps solve case."
  Now, we know you flipped out  at that party
  When you found out  emily was pregnant  with your kid.
  We know she left upset  and was never seen again...
  Until yesterday.
  Tell us something  we don't know.
  Look, yes, okay. We fought.
  I mean, that was one of the  two things we were good at.
  Em said that she was  gonna hitchhike home.
  (stammering) you know...  When i calmed down  i went after her,
  But she'd already  flagged down a ride.
  It was a big black pickup  with, like, a...  I don't know...
  A camper on the back.
  And then i heard barking.
  It was like a pack of dogs  going crazy.
  Barking?
  Yeah.
  I never mentioned the barking  because it sounds dumb.
  And it makes no sense,  and everyone already thought  that i was lying, anyway.
  But when people starting  saying that she was murdered,
  I thought, "what if they were  barking at, you know, blood?"
  Like a fresh kill.
  It would've been nice  to know about this  eight months ago.
  Yeah, the "dingos  ate my girlfriend" alibi,
  That woulda changed  everything, right?
  But the "wrongly-accused  boyfriend" thing...  That, i like.
  You know what's really gonna  dial up the sympathy?
  When i get the baby.
  So that smug little punk just  gets to walk away  with emily's baby?
  You need to cool it.
  Not only did he not say  anything to implicate himself,
  He actually gave us a new  piece of information.
  About some yapping dogs.
  I wouldn't be surprised if  they barked because  he kicked them.
  -He's not really  getting custody, is he?  -He is the father.
  He's the guy who  got emily pregnant.
  There's a difference.
  (phone ringing)
  -Babineaux.  -It's major.
  We need to talk about  eddie and jerome.
  There's more going on here.
  I'm working with...
  Major, i hear you. I do.
  But with this emily sparrow  case ongoing,  my hands are tied.
  Clive...
  Look, no one  from the homicide department  or the mayor's office
  Wants to see a bunch  of names go up on the  unsolved murders board.
  Major? You still there?
  Woman on phone:  Detective babineaux,  are you saying the seattle pd
  Serves their own interests
  Ahead of those of the citizens  they're meant to protect?
  I'm sorry, who is this?
  I was about to say that i'm  working with rebecca hinton  from the seattle observer.
  She's on the  nine trolls story.
  Detective babineaux?
  (slams phone)
  (dial tone)
  Looks like if we  want the candyman,
  We'll have to find  him ourselves.
  I'm missing a rat.
  Liv. You're rocking a rat.
  I am five seconds away  from naming it and then  making it a grilled cheese.
  These maternal instincts  are relentless.
  I was hoping to have  these test subjects
  Tagged and in their  cages before your
  Zombie gentleman  caller arrives.  Speaking of which,
  I mentioned that  i accidentally had to tell  major about lowell, didn't i?
  Must've slipped your mind.
  It's fine.  He probably would've  found out sooner or later.
  -Lowell: Liv?  -Over here!
  You remember my boss, ravi.
  Sorry. I didn't realize
  The bump-it, blow-it-up thing  was over and we're  back to just tapping rats.
  It's just a bit of research.
  People are often  dismissive of rats,
  But they are  highly intelligent.
  One of the only organisms,
  Along with humans and some  primates, to possess...
  Metacognition, yeah.
  Metacognition, it's like, um,  your awareness of  your ability to think.
  Musicians have it too.
  Anyway. Nice to meet you,  and be aware of it.
  Likewise. Are you from london?
  -Camden.  -Ah.
  -Arsenal territory.  I'm from upton park.  -West ham boy, is it?
  Well, i suppose  it could be worse.
  -You could support millwall.  -You could support tottenham.
  -Or chelsea.  -Or chelsea.
  Why do i have a  sudden urge to  dump tea into a harbor?
  What's she talking about?
  Colonist propaganda.  Pay her no mind, we have  zombie tests to conduct.
  Shall we?
  I assume you're employing  koch's postulates  in trying to determine
  Whether we're dealing  with a neurotropic virus
  Or perhaps some kind  of bacterial pathogen.
  And what the hell  am i talking about?
  I thought you were  a musician...
  Apparently one with quite  the keen scientific mind.
  In his stomach.
  Ah. Of course.
  Cool. Mmm...
  What is your hypothesis  on the root cause  of our condition?
  Well, i'm testing a theory  that its origin lies in a  biochemical reaction catalyzed
  By the combination  of a bad batch  of the drug utopium
  And an ingredient,  likely unlisted,  in the max rager energy drink.
  So you're using the rats  to test the hypothesis.
  My experiment will attempt
  To pinpoint the  aforementioned combination
  Through the vaunted scientific  tradition of trial and error.
  Which one's the control?
  Team alpha,  water and sugar only.
  Beta, 90 percent max rager,  10 percent utopium.
  Charlie, 20 percent.  Delta, 30 percent.
  Echo, 40 percent utopium.
  Make good choices.
  Godspeed to you, mate.
  I should go  back to the studio.
  Well... I'll see you  later tonight?
  To watch a movie, remember?
  Awesome sauce. See you later.
  Awesome sauce  and a buddy punch?
  Is that my imagination,  or did i just get  friend-zoned?
  Sorry was that  not rhetorical?
  The last time we kissed  there were sparks.
  Like, i thought i'd  need a welder's helmet  sparks and...
  Did that seem sparky to you?
  Oh, i should've been  observing the kiss?  Had i known...
  Things were so  great with us last week.
  Like, buy new  underwear great.
  And now i just feel  like a crazy person
  Because what if that's  not where we're at, right?
  That was mixed signals.
  Can we just talk about  you being a zombie?
  Brain-eating, being undead,  these are things you can  discuss at length with me.
  But i can't give you the  "girlfriend experience."
  I don't think that means  what you think it means.
  What's wrong?
  "detective clive babineaux  confirmed the seattle police's  misplaced priorities.
  "'no one, from the  homicide department to  the mayor's office,
  "'wants to see a bunch of  names go up on  the unsolved murders board.'"
  Wow. It's accurate,
  But i didn't think  you'd go on record.
  I didn't. Your ex screwed me.
  I'm a pariah upstairs,  and i've been demoted  to paperwork detail.
  Thanks for making  the introduction.
  Liv: Emily's brain keeps  pulling me back to the nicu.
  I know he's not my baby,  but it feels like he's mine.
  As much as they might wish it,
  He's not the sparrows' either.
  What a pain in the ass,  being a mom.
  This much worrying,  all for a child who probably  won't appreciate it.
  Surprise!
  Well, hello there, stranger!
  -You look so handsome.  -Thanks.
  Oh. Okay.  Nice to see you too. Mmm.
  Wait, you're not looking for  gas money, too, are you?
  I need to get from a to b.
  It's time for someone  to get a part-time job.
  Liv, can you please remind mom
  That you never had  a part-time job  when you were my age?
  Olivia, would you kindly  inform your brother
  That you also had a perfect  4.0 gpa during
  Your entire academic career.
  You need to get from b to a.
  Mom's right.  A job might do you good.
  Teach you some valuable  lessons about responsibility.
  You're on her side?  Is this a bit?
  When i was your age,  we valued hard work.
  Yeah, back in the hardscrabble  year of '04.
  All those cd-roms  that needed burning.
  We just want  what's best for you.
  Fine. You win.  What else is new?
  I picked up applications  from a few places  in the neighborhood
  That are hiring teenagers.
  When you deliver them,  would you at least  wear a shirt
  That has seen an iron?
  -Honestly, ev.  -Okay, are there hidden  cameras here somewhere?
  More property deeds.  Suzuki wants you to expand  the search radius
  -From five miles to 10.  -There's no way emily walked  10 miles on that ankle.
  I guess it's just more  misplaced priorities  at the police department.
  You've got your  reporter friend on speed dial.
  -You should let her know.  -I didn't know there was  a reporter on that call.
  My bad.
  I followed the paper  trail back to the source.
  Sparrow's song is a  corporate tax shelter
  The family set up years ago.  The cottage was purchased  by the corporation.
  Still, someone  should've found it.
  -If emily was here all along,  the press'll have a field day.  -"no comment."
  Just practicing.
  My lieutenant is making me  write it a hundred times  on the chalk board,
  Like bart simpson.
  I know that you're upset  but major would never have
  Sold you out  to her intentionally.
  Yeah, maybe.  You'd be surprised what  people are capable of
  When they're at the  end of their rope.
  Take a look inside.  See if it triggers anything.
  That's where i saw emily  fighting with her parents  in my vision.
  I'm not getting anything  more from out here.
  We can't go inside  without an invitation  or probable cause.
  (clanging)
  Does that count?
  Clive: We'll tell  internal affairs it sounded  like a woman screaming.
  (clanging continues)
  Ah, it's just a water tank.
  We're already down here...
  They didn't get this at ikea.
  No. This is what  rumpelstiltskin carves for you
  After you promise him  your firstborn.
  Clive: And it didn't  get made last week.
  -This took months.  -Like, eight months?
  (dogs barking)
  (door shuts)
  -(dogs barking)  -(shushing)
  (dog howling)
  (emily crying)
  (cell phone ringing)
  -Babineaux.  -Detective. James sparrow.
  Listen, someone broke  into my storm cellar and  i've got 'em trapped in here.
  Yeah, about that.  Funny story...
  That's quite a crib  you've got down there.
  Talk about craftsmanship.
  Why are you here?
  My lieutenant asked me to  investigate property records
  Within 10 miles of where  emily was discovered.
  I came across this cabin  owned by sparrow song, inc.
  I wouldn't be doing my job  if i didn't come down here.
  You can look around  all you want.
  Go ahead,  we got nothing to hide.
  Clive: About the crib...
  You were handcarving it
  Like you knew there would be  a baby here at some point.
  I started a couple of weeks  after emily went missing.
  Call it denial. Call it hope.  It was...
  It was pointless anyway,  building a crib.
  Dylan's never gonna  give up custody.
  He won't even let us visit.
  We're never even gonna get  to hold our grandson.
  There was  a doorframe like this  in the house i grew up in.
  Every parent thinks  their child is special,
  But she really was.
  She was smart, funny,  caring, respectful...
  She was a total tomboy  until she was 15? Sixteen?
  And then she met dylan.
  She started skipping  out of school,  partying, booze, drugs...
  We didn't react very well.
  We had another life, once.  And i don't even  remember it anymore.
  I got a clear "we did not  kidnap our own kid"  vibe from them,
  But let's just say  they showed up to retrieve  emily from the party
  The night she went missing.
  Those dogs of theirs  might've been  the ones dylan heard.
  Clive, wait. I had a vision,  but not about the sparrows.
  Emily was locked up in  the back of a truck.
  She was surrounded  by barking dogs,  just like dylan said,
  But i think it was an  animal control truck.
  Well, seen from a distance,  that would fit his description
  Of a truck with a camper.
  I saw a man,  the driver, i think,  but it was from the back.
  I couldn't see  much of his face.
  (sighs) well,  i have to get back to  paperwork mountain,
  But maybe i can have  someone from animal control
  Bring me their  personnel files.
  They should include  their id photos.
  Let's hope their id photos  were shot from  behind their right ear.
  At night, illuminated  by the glowing embers  of a cigarette.
  Oh! Oh!  You scared me half to death!
  Oh.
  Aw, look at you two!  Detectives ebony and ivory.
  I'm detective babineaux,
  And this is olivia moore from  the medical examiner's office.
  You're an, uh,  animal control officer, ms...
  Littlefield.  Margo littlefield.
  -Are these the  employee records?  -Oh, yeah.
  We heard this was in regards  to the emily sparrow case.
  Is that true?
  Is one of our officers  a suspect?
  Well, we're just  covering our bases.
  Do drivers take the trucks  home after shifts?
  Hmm? Oh, yeah, yeah.  It's more efficient.
  Well, you never know when  you might get a call  in your own backyard.
  Any of those pics match our  eyewitness' description?
  Nope, but remember  "she" only got a slight
  Profile view of the man.
  You guys have  an eyewitness? Whoa.
  Anyone leave or get fired  in the last eight months?
  Uh... Oh, you don't mean...
  (chuckling)  i really shouldn't say.
  Afraid i'm gonna  have to insist.
  Well, we... (clears throat)
  We did have to  let one officer go for...
  Well, let's just say he  took advantage of the uniform  to look in ladies' windows.
  A peeping tom.
  Or in this case,  a peeping gerald.  Ugh. Gerald denny.
  If that's your  "i just solved the case" look,  it needs work.
  Gerald denny got busted  for trespassing and voyeurism.
  He's been in prison for  the past four months.
  So unless he's been keeping  emily captive in his cell,
  That leaves us back  at square one.
  (sighs)  looks like another all-nighter
  Staring at property  deeds for me.
  You'll ruin your eyes.  I'd like to talk to  your lieutenant,
  Give him a piece of my mind.
  (stammering)  um, yeah, don't do that.
  Go on, get on out of here.
  I'm sure there are places  you'd rather be.
  Lowell: What a difference  a few months makes, right?
  I saw that in the theater  and i was like,  "whoo!
  "you go, woody harrelson.  Mow down those zombies."
  -It was hilarious.  -Mmm-hmm.
  Now, on second viewing,  it's like watching  sophie's choice.
  I mean,  who cares about your twinkies,  tallahassee?
  That zombie's probably...
  Oh, god.
  Sorry. Uh, i don't know...
  (shudders) ugh...
  Ugh? Seriously?
  I'm sorry,  i've never had anything close  to an "ugh" in my life.
  I once had a guy try to  make out with me after  i puked up garlic bread.
  It's not that,  it's just, um...
  All right liv,  i didn't wanna have to  tell you like this, but...
  I'm gay.
  But not to worry,  it's only until  i eat my next brain.
  Oh, thank god.
  Yeah, i knew something was up  but i didn't really get it
  Until i saw a magazine  with idris elba on the cover,
  And the phrase  "big piece of yum"  popped into my head.
  I'm mildly afraid of heights,
  But i would not hesitate to  climb that mountain.
  I feel you. So, we're good?
  We're great.  My plan is to score some  ludicrously straight brain.
  -Asap. I may dig up  wilt chamberlain.  -So, now what?
  We get drunk and play  do, dump, or date,  boy band edition?
  Do harry. Dump zayn.  Date liam.
  Sorry, should i have had to  think longer about that?
  You skipped the  getting drunk part.
  (rock music playing)
  Oh, come on!  It's not that bad.
  Stop.
  (indistinct conversation)
  (baby crying)
  Liv: No matter  what future you can  imagine for yourself,
  It won't include motherhood.
  And when dylan munson  comes to collect his son,
  It's gonna rip  your heart out.
  (baby crying)
  Nurse: Shh.
  Shh.
  -Shh!  -(whispering) you're going  to kill yourself!
  She's going to catch you!  Don't go! She'll kill you.
  And then i fell.  But they said,  "she's going to catch you."
  I saw a man earlier,
  But we should be looking  for a woman. A couple.
  I found something too.
  Now, we know emily couldn't  have walked far on that ankle,
  But what if  she had been carried?
  As in,  by the current of a river?
  Say she was trying to get  to her family's cottage.
  I traced a rough trajectory.  It crosses this river.
  What if we have the  wrong search radius?
  So i checked  properties upriver...
  One belongs to this man.  Mark shepherd.
  Served 90 days  a few years back.  Weapon charges.
  Could be the man i saw.  It's still hard to say.
  Is he a dog-catcher?
  No. But guess  who he's married to.
  (cell phone ringing)
  What'd you get?
  My cop buddy says  candyman's plates
  Are registered to  a shell corporation.
  Of course they are.
  Look, i tailed him from  the skate park.
  And now he's at a  tanning salon in shoreline.
  I can't do much  without his name.
  I'm gonna call you back.
  Julien dupont.
  -Oh!  -(siren sounds)
  Look, officer,  i can explain.
  Put the weapon down, sir.
  The guy who owns this car  is a drug dealer, all right?
  He passes out  utopium to kids at  nine trolls skate park.
  Argh! Those kids  have been going missing.
  -(grunts)  -you have the right  to remain silent.
  Hey, that's him!  Julien dupont,  the candyman.
  He's got a human brain  in that ice chest right there!
  -Officer, this is my car...  -Stay back.
  Keep your hands  where we can see them.
  What is this?
  Calf brain.  There are some people,
  Believe it or not,  who consider it a delicacy.
  I work at a fancy-schmancy  butcher shop.  Well... We deliver.
  I've got a card. Okay?
  Have your insurance contact  the precinct for a report.
  What? You're letting him go?
  As i was saying,  you have the right  to remain silent.
  Probably now is a good time  to exercise it.
  No...
  The fine art of a stakeout.
  Stakeouts are an  exercise in patience.
  You need to be focused,  yet calm.
  It's a skill like any other.  Takes time to master.
  There's the  animal control truck.
  First time i was on a  stakeout, i was so bored
  I ate three candy bars  and an entire package  of mini donuts.
  Fyi, if you're waiting  to bust a coke den,
  It's better if you're not  riding a sugar high  and covered in white powder.
  The windows aren't the same  as in my vision.
  This isn't where they're  keeping the girls.
  Maybe they installed  new windows after  emily broke out. Or maybe...
  The windows are different  around back.
  Those other girls, clive,  they were petrified.
  Who knows how  the shepherds reacted  after emily escaped.
  They might've taken  it out on them.
  Let's sneak up.  Peek in the windows.
  What did i say? Patience.  We've been here  all of two minutes.
  We're in this  for the long haul.
  Get comfortable,  it's gonna be...
  -(gunshot)  -get down!
  (gunshots)
  Officer needs assistance,  shots fired, 255 lear road!
  I need backup, now!
  Stay down!
  We'll approach  through the woods.
  When we reach the house,  i'll enter first, alone.
  Do not enter
  Until you get my signal.
  Let's roll.
  -So you're out of range,  hang tight.  -The other girls, clive.
  -We'll find 'em.  -Be careful.
  Don't worry.  I do this for a living.
  There you are.
  All right. Remember,  wait for my signal.
  Copy.
  (margo screams)
  (distant gunfire)
  (liv screams)
  (growling)
  Hands up, behind your head.
  (gasping) oh... Okay.
  Okay.
  Look, it was his...
  I'm with the police.  We're here to rescue you.
  -Lieutenant, you okay?  -I'm fine.
  Where were you?
  I gave the signal  five minutes ago.
  Doesn't matter.  Situation's resolved.
  It's okay. More good guys.
  Where'd you find them?
  In the treehouse, out back.
  Lieutenant goes full eastwood,
  The medical examiner  saves the girls...
  Why'd i even come  to work today?
  You hit?
  No, just jabbed by a branch.
  Yeah, not much blood.
  All right. Let's lock it  down for evidence.  The whole property.
  Let's see what else  the shepherds were up to.
  Yes, sir.
  The resolution of this case  would not have been possible
  Without the invaluable  assistance of dylan munson.
  Margo and mark shepherd  were highly disturbed.
  From evidence found  at their home  over the last 24 hours,
  We know that they adhered  to a self-created religion  of sorts.
  The girls were abducted with  the intent to turn them  into sister-wives.
  The remains of at least  a dozen teenagers  listed as missing
  Were discovered  on the property.
  Their beliefs also called  for human sacrifice.
  (reporters clamoring)
  One at a time, please.
  They're still excavating  remains of missing kids  out there.
  You heard jerome and eddie  were among them?
  I can't get a hold of major.
  If he finds out on the news...
  Look, emily's escape  may have saved  countless more lives
  From the same fate,  not just her baby's.
  A cop who keeps his word.
  That's one of the seven signs  of the apocalypse, isn't it?
  Well, i hope everyone finally  gets to see you  for who you really are.
  Don't worry about my  story getting out.  See, i got an agent.
  We're negotiating  a reality show  for me and the kid.
  "grieving single father
  "pieces his life  back together after
  "the cops, the press,  and the grandparents  tried to destroy it."
  That's the pitch.
  And the best part is  how much it's gonna  piss off the sparrows.
  -Who the hell are you?  -Have you even been  to visit your son yet?
  Look, beetlejuice,  i don't remember saying  your name three times,
  So stay the hell  out of my business.
  When you get your baby home  and put him in the crib,
  Will you lay him face up  or face down?
  Because one way carries  the risk that your son  will die during the night.
  Do you know which one?
  I'm sure your reality show's  sids episode  will have killer ratings.
  Damn, girl.
  Get on back  with your bad self.
  Liv: Emily's  maternal instincts  are starting to fade,
  But i need to see her baby.
  Our baby. One more time.
  I might never see him  or feel a bond  quite like this again.
  You happy?
  Liv: There's only one man  i've ever pictured myself  having kids with.
  But even if ravi can find  a cure for "zombied,"
  I've pushed him so far away,  i doubt we can ever recover.
  Guard: A little thank you for  the seattle observer article,  lilywhite.
  Liv: I can't get back  what i've lost,
  But i still have  reasons to go on.
  Like my family.
  Take it easy on the  wasabi, dear. You don't  want to get heartburn.
  Liv: I've always loved them,  of course,
  But emily's brain  gave me a new perspective.
  It helped me appreciate  my mother more,
  Made me want to be  a better big sister to evan.
  Reminded me to appreciate  the love that comes my way.
  Familial and otherwise.
  Hopefully fate allows me that.
  Please, fate.  No more surprises.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 