iZombie: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e10 - Mr. Berserk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Mr. Berserk - full transcript 
 A journalist working on a story linking psychotic episodes with an energy drink is murdered. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  Eliza marquette,
  Director of advertising  at max rager.
  This secret report that  max rager had these seriously  dangerous side effects.
  Eliza said she would  take care of it.
  Major: The candyman!
  He broke into my house.
  (gunshots fired)
  Major: I killed a man.
  Clive: Show me.
  You know,  he collapsed right here.
  Have you been taking  any medications?
  You won't assign even  one detective to look  into the missing kids
  From nine trolls skate park?
  Blaine killed those kids  and i ate those brains.
  Blaine has to die.
  I'm gonna kill him.
  (mouthing)
  (shot fired)
  (screaming)
  Liv: He was like that  when i got there.
  Flynn: You said you arrived  just before 10:30.
  Neighbors heard a shot  in mr. Tracey's apartment  10 minutes before.
  Where were you then?
  -Driving.  -Great. What streets?
  We can check  the traffic cameras.
  Oh, no.
  This is  a very serious offense.
  She's in there.
  What happened?
  Lowell tracey, found dead  in his apartment.
  Apparent suicide,  but neighbors heard two voices  before the shot.
  Who do they think did it?
  You're joking.
  She was at the scene  when they got there.
  And her alibi's not great.
  If you need a break,  i can stay.
  Actually, you can't.
  You need to talk  major off the ledge.
  Remember that guy  whose car he broke into,  julien dupont?
  The one major calls  "the candyman."  what about him?
  Major calls me saying  he broke into your house.  Major shot him.
  Or at least he thinks he did.
  When i got to your place,  there was no body.
  Not even blood.
  Shell casings,  so something happened,
  But folks who get shot  three times in the chest  don't just walk away.
  I have to go, but  if anything happens...
  I got her. Go.
  (sighs)
  Flynn: ...Called 911.
  We're done here.
  Sir, can we just have  a minute to talk...
  The gsr on mr. Tracey's hand  is consistent
  With a self-inflicted wound.
  Textbook suicide.
  As long as the me's  office concurs,  the case is closed.
  You can go.  Sorry for your loss.
  (theme song playing)
  It was that candyman guy!  All right.
  He broke in, he came at me  with a sledgehammer,
  Raving about brains.
  If i hadn't had the gun,  i'd be dead.
  -Where did you get the gun?  -I bought it on the street.
  Oh, of course.  As one does.
  Major, you're on probation.  An illegal firearm  charge could...
  You know when it makes sense  to buy a gun?
  When a dude  built like a mountain
  Breaks into your house  trying to kill you.
  When i shot the guy,  his eyes turned red.
  Bright red!  What the hell is that?
  My gun isn't the problem.
  The problem is  what the hell i'm gonna do
  When a guy who takes  three bullets to the chest
  And moseys off like  it's nothing comes back.
  Things just keep happening  that don't make any sense,
  And it's like i'm the only  one who sees it.
  You'll be able to see  for yourself.
  All right? Clive's gonna  sweep the hospitals.
  He'll call any minute,  all right?
  He'll say he found julien,  he saw bullet wounds,  and that'll be that.
  Actually, clive's with liv.
  There's something  you should know.
  (breathing heavily)
  -(shot fired)  -(screaming)
  (screams)
  (gasping)
  Hey.
  Liv.
  Why are you here?
  You don't need to be here.
  I need to, uh...
  Come on, come on.
  I need to eat.
  I'm still on ptsd brain  and i...
  I tried to sleep.  I keep seeing yesterday  over and over.
  Whatever you need,  i'm here.
  Absolutely anything.
  I don't really know  what happened yesterday.
  Clive told me all he knows  and suzuki was down here
  Not an hour ago pushing  his version of the story.
  The end of which is me  declaring lowell a suicide.
  He wasn't interested  in the fact that the evidence  doesn't support it.
  I know. It's murder.
  Lowell stabbed blaine  and blaine shot him.
  -I saw it.  -You saw it?
  I don't want to talk  about it.
  God, suzuki's covering  for him.
  Blaine somehow has  the police department  in his pocket.
  The missing kids, now lowell,  he's making people disappear.
  I just want to come to work  like it's any day.
  Today is just tuesday  or whatever it is.
  -Please, ravi?  -Of course.
  Who's that?
  Um, well, this is  rebecca hinton, 31 years old.
  Journalist/raging alcoholic.
  Her cerebrospinal fluid  practically came out on  the rocks with a lemon twist.
  Apparently, she interrupted  someone robbing her apartment.
  She was found  at the foot of her stairs  with a broken neck.
  Hinton. Did she work  at the observer?
  How did you know?
  She's the reporter  major worked with
  When the police wouldn't help  him find his shelter kids.
  The one that wrote  the expose that got him  beaten to a pulp in jail?
  That's the one.
  Wait, you did hear me say  she was an alcoholic?
  If you eat her brain,  chances are...
  I'll end up  at the bottom of a bottle.
  Sold.
  Julien dupont?
  -Yeah, who's asking?  -Clive babineaux. Seattle pd.
  What can i do for you?
  I have a man named  major lilywhite claiming
  You broke into his home  and assaulted him last night.
  Says he shot you  three times in the chest  and you fled the scene.
  Major.
  Blonde, pretty boy,  looks like he fell out of  a nicholas sparks movie?
  Yeah.
  Yeah. Yeah, that guy's  pretty much my stalker.
  Couple weeks ago  he attacked me for my shoes.
  And then the other day  he broke into my friggin' car.
  He was arrested,  it should be on record.
  The guy's got a screw loose.
  Do i look like somebody  who took three  to the chest last night?
  Liv, you got a second?
  (phone ringing)
  That's the second time  major's called.
  Can you just tell  him i'm fine?
  Or not. Didn't think  that would be a stumper.
  No, um, i'll tell him.
  Look, i know avoidance is  probably easier for you  right now,
  But there's something  we have to deal with.
  The release of body form...
  I think we should say  lowell killed himself.
  The real killer is a zombie.
  Anyone on blaine's trail  will be in danger
  And we can't warn them.
  And if they do manage  to catch him,
  Then there's the whole  zombie-in-a-prison problem.
  And then there's the body.  It's a biohazard,
  And we don't know  if it's contagious.
  I'm sorry, i have to ask you.
  Truly.
  But if we say suicide,  then the body can be...
  Well, we can destroy it.
  (sighs)
  I won't sign this  without your blessing.
  I need a drink.
  Vodka. Anything.
  I'll take a glass of  formaldehyde, just...
  (screaming)
  (shrieking)
  (groaning)
  (thudding)  (screams)
  (gasping)
  Please...
  (exhaling)
  What's this, shrimp?
  It smells fantastic.
  I'm on the dead reporter case.
  You're welcome to help  if you're feeling up to it.
  The robbery was a cover-up.
  The killer was after something  stored on her phone.
  I saw him use rebecca's  fingerprint to unlock it.
  Yeah, i'm up to it.
  I've been rebecca's editor  ever since she was an intern.
  Mind if we ask  what she was working on?
  In-depth piece on jason frye,
  That degaulle college  kid who snapped.
  The library killer.  Cracked a kid's skull open,
  Chucked a girl  through a display case.
  The one-year anniversary  is coming up...
  Can we get a look  at the story?
  Well, it was due a month ago,  so, of course not.
  Rebecca always liked  to miss her deadlines  by at least five weeks.
  I know she had a source,  but she never told me.
  Oh.
  I did manage to find  a notebook on her desk.
  I'm not sure  if it'll be any use.
  It's in rebecca's shorthand,  aka code.
  She was secretive.  Very territorial about  her stories.
  Could any of these men  be her source?
  Mr. Richmond, mr. Jackson,  mr. Lw...
  Mr... Berserk?
  Sorry, no idea.  Oh, that bit there, though...
  Yeah. "ryan fisher.  Sketchy d-bag."
  If i remember right,  fisher was a classmate  of jason frye's.
  We could just go  door to door
  Asking where  the "sketchy d-bag" is.
  Half of them are law students,  we'd be here all day.
  (elevator dings)
  Can i help you?
  -Ryan fisher?  -Yeah.
  Detective babineaux,  seattle pd.
  We're looking into the murder  of rebecca hinton.
  That's awful news.  What happened?
  That's what we're trying  to find out.
  Can you tell us...
  Can you tell us what you  and rebecca spoke about?
  I barely met her.
  She wanted to know  the real jason frye.
  Why would you know that?
  I'm president  of the debate society.
  Jason was on my team,
  And i made it my business  to know all the vassals  in my fiefdom.
  (chuckling)
  Sorry.  Continue about your "fiefdom."
  Jason was highly recruited.  A hotshot, candidly.
  But competition here  is fierce,
  Really the ne plus ultra of  the collegiate debating world.
  Look, my point is,  for the first time
  In jason's life,  he was losing.
  He spiraled.  It's a boring story, really.
  One more over-stressed,  over-achiever who snapped.
  Debate prodigy cracks,  bashes brains of classmates.  What a yawn.
  Try not burying  the lead next time.
  Bloodshed always goes  in the first graph.
  (elevator dings)
  Can you tell us about  a mr. Jackson?
  -Who?  -Hey, you.
  I'll be in in a minute.
  What about a mr. Richmond?
  I told you  i'm not gonna talk about it!
  Get out of here!
  (exhales)
  Sorry, no richmond,  no jackson.
  Will that be all, detectives?
  You go on. I'm gonna  walk home, get some air.
  Sure, do your thing.
  Liv: Rebecca's lone-wolf  policy has its benefits.
  When i focus hard enough  on the task at hand,
  I don't have to think about  anything else.
  And if my problems are  too big to forget,
  If the task at hand  isn't consuming enough,
  I just consume something else.
  Hey.
  Did you find julien?  Is he dead?
  Yeah, i found him at the gym.  He was benching 350.
  Less than 10 hours  after you say you put  three bullets in his chest.
  Look, i'm telling you,  i shot him.
  That him?  It's from this morning.
  No...
  You need to listen right now.  I've been in a lot of rooms  where guns went off,
  And that room doesn't  look like any of 'em.
  No bullets, no blood,  and the man you  say you shot didn't get shot.
  What you're saying happened  didn't happen.
  And if you believe it did,  you got a problem.
  You heard of a 220?
  Involuntary commitment  to a psych facility.
  We use them when behavior  is erratic, dangerous,  and escalating
  And you're three for three.
  Hear this.
  Get help.
  Now.
  Before someone  gets it for you.
  You need me to call someone?
  Thanks for being straight  with me.
  Take care of yourself, man.
  (door opening)
  He's not the cuddling type.
  Shocker.
  Look, i know you probably  want to grab some shut-eye  before you gotta
  Wipe down menus  and marry ketchups,  but i gotta talk to you.
  Screw you.
  If a guy lets you walk home  at 3:00 am
  With your panties  in your purse,
  You're not his girlfriend.
  The guy you thought was  your meal ticket is really  just a bang buddy.
  But cute townies always  get screwed. Literally.
  Wait, i was gonna  ask you something.
  Oh! There's a reporter at  the observer you talked to,  rebecca hinton.
  No, i didn't. And i'm not  talking to you either.
  I am a medical examiner  from the seattle pd.
  Like i frickin' care.
  And you can tell that bitch  rebecca to kiss my ass  for talking to my parents.
  She's not really kissing  much ass right now,  she's dead.
  -Can i interest you  in a coffee?  -I'm good.
  You're leaving me?
  What's his name?
  It's not important.  Just know that what  we had was real.
  Actually, i talked to  my supervisor  at helton shelter.
  She referred me to a guy  who specializes  in psychotic disorders.
  He thinks i'm a good candidate  for blooming grove.
  You're not checking yourself  into a mental hospital,  you're not crazy.
  You've been under  enormous stress.
  You just need to get  away, go on vacation.
  Ravi, i'm seeing things.
  I'd swear on a stack  of bibles that guy  julien was here.
  I'd swear his eyes turned red,  that i shot him.
  If someone at my psych  internship told me that,  and there was a picture
  Of that guy at the gym  the next day,  there's no question.
  It's delusional disorder  with paranoid features.
  You can't fix that  with a vacation.
  I don't have a choice.
  (cell phone ringing  and vibrating)
  (ringing stops)
  Hey, pre-hab.
  I'll tell you everything  you need to know,  but i need immunity.
 Liv: Sounds like  your boyfriend ryan had issues  with jason before he snapped.
  Jason was showing ryan up  on the debate team.
  So, ryan and the guys took  jason to this cabin  for a weekend.
  They fed him jager  till he passed out,
  Then they put makeup on me  to make it look like i was  all bruised and bloody.
  I got in bed next to the kid,  and, like, pretended to  be dead, i guess.
  You guess or you know?
  I know.
  Then ryan shook him awake
  And the guys played it  like jason blacked out  and killed me.
  Jason was freaking,  but ryan told him
  They were his brothers  and they'd handle it.
  So they rolled me up  in a sheet and put me  in ryan's trunk.
  Jason was, like, sobbing.
  Then a couple of days later,  he went psycho.
  Ryan said if anyone snitched  we'd all go to jail.
  So we kept our mouths shut,  until that rebecca chick
  Got all up in ryan's business  and he freaked.
  Do i think he'd murder  someone to protect  his big law career?
  Hell yes.
  Wait, go back.  Does jason still think  he killed you?
  I'm detective babineaux.  I'd like to talk to you.
  Okay?
  Son, i need  your undivided attention  for a minute.
  -It's about connie roy.  -Liv: Yeah. Connie roy.
  The girl you killed  on the guys' weekend  with the debate boys?
  She's alive.
  She's alive?
  Alive and well.
  I don't understand.
  You were the victim of a prank  planned by ryan fisher.
  He thought you were too big  for your britches,  so they got you drunk
  And made you think  you killed the girl.
  They wouldn't do that.
  They would, and they did.
  Connie's a hook-up of ryan's.  She confessed.
  Oh.
  I'm sorry, but i need  to ask you some questions.
  A reporter, rebecca hinton,  was murdered.
  We think ryan may have done it  to keep her from writing  a story about this.
  Did rebecca ask you  about this?
  -About ryan?  -No.
  She said he seemed sketchy.
  I vouched for him.
  Did she ever mention  mr. Jackson or a mr. Richmond?
  That's from my dorm's  halloween party.
  What's with the max rager guy?
  He was going as me  for halloween.
  I was kind of  a max rager addict.
  Or i used to be.
  Mr. Richmond, mr. Jackson,  mr. Lw, mr. Berserk...
  What if it's not "mister"?  What if mr stands for  max rager?
  Oh. It's possible.
  We'll look into it after  we get ryan fisher's alibi.
  Remember the memo  carson mccomb told us about?
  Max rager knew their drink  could cause violent psychotic  breaks in people.
  "mr. Berserk"!
  This could be  why jason snapped!
  If they knew rebecca  was looking into it,  goodbye, rebecca.
  -It's a good theory.  -It's more than a theory.
  It's not. It's a hunch  you have that may or may not  be right, aka a theory.
  Ryan fisher is a theory too,  but one with a witness.
  So we'll go through our list  in an organized way and  don't run off half-cocked.
  Especially when we've got  heavy things going on  in our lives.
  Good, you're here.
  We have to talk.
  I can't deal  with the form yet,  i need another...
  We have to tell major.
  Tell major what?
  About zombies, about blaine,
  The meal plan,  you, everything!
  I can't have  this conversation right now.
  I'm sorry, we have to.
  Okay. Absolutely not.  There, done.
  The candyman tried  to kill him.
  He didn't get scratched,  but he could've died.  We have to tell him.
  And how does that go?
  Hey, major, wacky news,  zombies exist and  they're trying to kill you.
  Not me, though,  i'm a nice zombie.
  He's checking himself  into blooming grove.
  The mental hospital?
  He's being chased  by homicidal zombies
  And when he's asked  for our help,  we've told him he's nuts.
  Of course he thinks  he's mental.
  This is on us.  I mean, at what point  is it not worse telling him
  Than just being honest?
  He's lost his job.
  He's breaking into cars,  he's shooting people.
  He's doing all this  when he thinks the candyman  is killing kids.
  What's his move when he finds  out he's eating them?
  When's he checking  himself in?
  Tomorrow morning  for a few weeks, he said.  It's all he can afford.
  Well then, for a few weeks,  he's safe.
  (slow rock ballad playing)
  (sighs)
  -Can i buy you...  -Yes.
  -So what's your...  -No.
  (chuckling)
  Miss, you're donezo.  Who am i calling  to come get you?
  Hey.
  You ready to go home?
  Good night.
  I'm so sorry about...
  Don't.
  Please, i'm trying so hard  to stay afloat,
  And if you say his name...
  Okay. It's okay.
  Wait.
  Can you rub my back  like you used to?
  Ravi told me about...
  That you're checking  yourself into...
  We can not talk  about this, too.
  But you're okay?
  It's no big deal.
  My pr guy's  telling the tabloids  it's "exhaustion."
  I'll be doing the view  when i get back.
  (chuckles)
  I'll be fine.  It's not for long.
  I'm just sorry that when  you need me the most,
  I lose my mind.
  I screwed everything up.
  I wanna explain,  i wanna tell you...
  No, liv. It's okay.
  Major?
  How's zombie rat?
  He's living it up  while i deliberate.
  I've only one dose of  tainted utopium left,
  So this is my last shot  at cracking zombiism.
  I taught him a trick.
  See, when i raise my hand like  so and say, "prance, zombie,"
  He sort of rears up  on his little hind legs  and prances about.
  Really?
 Yeah. I also taught him to declaim hamlet soliloquies.
  He holds a tiny skull,  it's quite something.
  -We're doing fallon tomorrow.  -Shut up.
  So, i talked to  sketchy d-bag and his lawyer.
  Turns out he was  at the debate tournament
  At the time  of rebecca's murder.
  But i've got something  on the max rager front.
  I've been digging in  rebecca's phone records.
  Jackson and richmond  aren't people. They're cities.
  Richmond was a woman  whose daughter was doing  a double at a burger joint,
  When she threw fry oil all  over some loudmouth customers.
  No history of violence.  She just lost it.
  Like jason.
  Rebecca asked mom if  fry girl drank max rager.
  She did. Tons of it.
  So, i checked out  who was in jackson
  For a violent,  out-of-character rage out,
  And found  a mild-mannered trucker
  Who mowed down  half a charity bike race  with his 18-wheeler.
  Guess what he'd been  drinking to stay awake  on his long haul?
  Mr. Jackson and mr. Richmond  both went mr. Berserk.
  You know, if this got out,  it could sink max rager.
  And if rebecca got her  hands on that memo...
  The one piece i don't get is  mrlw.
  I know.
  Lake washington.
  The boat party was sponsored  by max rager.
  I thought that was a drunken  brawl that got out of control.
  Most of the victims  died in the fire.
  No, i was there.
  People were tearing  each other to pieces.
  They knew this could happen  and they did nothing.
  Liv, i had no idea.
  They killed rebecca.  They killed holly.
  We gotta get these bastards.
  We do, but this is  a billion-dollar company  and we have to be smart.
  We have no evidence.  We need to build a case.
  Preferably before  they murder us.
  I'll take this upstairs.
  You hang tight.
  We clear?
  (speaking italian)
  (speaking italian)
  I'm liv moore with seattle pd.  I need to speak with you.
  (speaking italian)
  Have a seat, ms. Moore.
  I'm just fine right here.
  I'm so sorry.  She wouldn't listen to me.
  I stood in front of the door  and she just came at me.
  I'm so embarrassed.  Next time, i won't move.  I'll just take the hit.
  It's okay, it's okay.  You did beautifully,  you really did.
  Now just relax.  Close your eyes, breathe.
  Breathe, that's right.
  Say it with me.  I did everything i could.
  I did everything i could.
  And set yourself free.
  Better?
  (exhaling)
  (chuckling)
  Unusual entrance  for a police officer.
  We've been investigating  the murder of rebecca hinton,
  A journalist at the observer  who was working on a story  you might be interested in.
  She had evidence that  the energy drink max rager
  Was causing temporary  psychosis in a small number  of consumers.
  And that small number  of consumers
  Has now racked up  quite the body count.
  I was at lake washington.  I saw firsthand  what that looks like.
  But the incidents you've  described can be linked to  many variables, i'm sure.
  Was there booze?  Could that have been  a common denominator?
  Could the moon  have been full, perhaps?
  We know about the memo.
  Your r&d; team warned you,
  And you deemed the side effect  statistically insignificant.
  You buried it.
  The memo does exist, yes.  But it's a phony.
  It was created  by my competitors.
  (door opening)
  I checked with seattle pd.
  She's an assistant  medical examiner.
  She shouldn't be asking  you questions.
  Ms. Moore, you are a delight.
  I hope our conversation,  brief though it was,
  Mitigated at least  some of your fears.
  Your product kills people  and you know it.
  Live to the max, ms. Moore!
  Just do it somewhere else.
  I specifically told you  not to go.
  All i did was ask questions.
  -You're drunk.  -You're drunk.
  You know, i smelled it on you  before, and that's on me  for not saying anything,
  But you came back too soon.
  You know, i feel for you,  but this isn't helping.
  If i were drunk  could i do this?
  Probably, but not as well.
  Liv, you're off the case.
  I'm never off the case.  The case is in here.
  I'm the freakin' murder  victim whisperer.
  Go home.
  You're literally  not the boss of me.
  But i am, and i think  you probably should.
  Mr. Vodka.
  Sorry, did i forget ordering  a glass of poison?
  It's from that guy.
  Sebastian meyer.  I'm rebecca's source.
  You gotta help  or they'll kill me.
  When i hadn't heard  from rebecca in a week,
  I knew they smoked her.
  I got a hold of her editor,  he confirmed.
  He's the one  that put me on to you.
  Said you were looking  into the story, so  i thought i'd give it a shot.
  How are you connected  to vaughn?
  I was on the payroll.
  For a while, it was all rides  in the g5, steak dinner,  steak dinner.
  We were family,  knew all each other's  dirty little secrets.
  I was even his body guard  for a few minutes.
  What happened?
  I stopped being his bitch.
  When you work for a freak  like vaughn,
  You're asked to do things  that turn your stomach.
  But you don't say no,  the scratch is too good.
  The life...  Mmm, the women.
  There was this girl i had  my eye on, eliza marquette.
  I was this close  to nailing her.
  Frosty, but i loved it.
  She was taking heat for a  bad leak, and then poof...  Disappeared.
  I know all about  eliza marquette.
  She was protecting the memo.
  You need to get  your hands on it.
  It'll bring max rager  to its knees.
  But vaughn admits  it's out there.  He says that it's a fake.
  He's a lying sack.
  Rebecca's other source  says that it's real.
  There's another source?
  Still on the inside.  Someone close.
  We have to get to him  and that document, fast.
  Before we end up shot and  buried in a hole somewhere.
  Sebastian says  there's a second source,
  But who is rebecca's  second source?
  Why can't i figure this out?
  You'd think  with all the drinking
  You'd be incredibly sharp.
  Maybe she keeps  all the top-secret stuff  in her head.
  Max rager's a dangerous bunch,
  Best not to leave clues  lying around.
  I don't buy it.
  She was obsessive  about her notes.
  Her calendar has everything  from when she'd drink to  when she'd hit pilates.
  Did rebecca's liver seem  like the pilates type?
  If you get late-stage  cirrhosis from pilates.
  She has her whole  pilates class schedule  scribbled in here.
  All pre-dawn.
  I haven't been an alcoholic  that long,
  But i can tell you that  the only day i woke up  before 10:00 am
  Was when peyton needed  to use the toilet  i was passed out on.
  Thank you  for the mental image.
  I totally have to go, don't i?
  Blarg!
  Ravi: How will you know  who you're looking for?
  Liv: Maybe one of them will be  working out in her
  "i'm a disgruntled  max rager employee" t-shirt.
  I don't know.  I need to get lucky.
  I'll save you the time. No.
  They know rebecca had a source  who has the memo.
  It took me less  than a week to find you.
  How long do you think  it'll take them?
  If i go public,  exactly zero minutes.
  I can protect you.
  You? You barged into  american psycho's office  posing as a police officer.
  Thanks, but no.
  Rebecca found three  separate cases of  max rager-induced violence.
  A dozen dead, more injured.
  This isn't my problem.
  Oh, if you believed that  you wouldn't have been brave  enough to swipe that memo.
  We can go to the police  right now.
  Once the story's out,  you're safe.
  -You'll be able to protect me?  -Yes.
  Okay. I'm game.
  Just let me go and change.
  Adele?
  Adele?
  Adele?
  Are you okay?
  You look a little pale.
  (sebastian humming)
  Well, look who takes a lickin'  and keeps on tickin'.
  Thanks for smoking out  our whistleblower for us.
  I swear you had no pulse.
  But i'm glad you're up.  I never get to chat  while i'm on the job.
  For obvious reasons.  (laughing)
  Bingo!
  I work with some pretty  murderous cats.
  Boss would want me  to destroy this flash drive,
  But it's got the memo.
  And the memo's leverage.
  So, i gotta keep it, right?
  (chuckling)  yeah. Yeah, i gotta keep it.
  (laughing)
  See ya,  wouldn't wanna be ya.
  There you are.
  Hi.
  Man.
  I cracked you good.
  So sorry, sweetheart.
  Adele really screwed you  here, big time.
  That selfish bitch was  blackmailing the company.
  She was never gonna give  you the flash drive.
  And now, here you are.
  Off to bed in the deep blue.
  Don't be afraid,  the water's quick.
  (grunting)
  Ow, mother of dragons!  God, that hurt.
  Okay, we had  a nice moment, but...
  (motor starting)
  Come on!
  (groaning)
  Ravi: So, sebastian,  this max rager enforcer,  he's dead?
  Liv: I assume so.
  Poetic, actually.  He's down there with adele.
  And i wouldn't be surprised  if the police divers find  eliza marquette, too.
  Ravi: How are you feeling?
  Liv: Hungover.
  What am i doing with these?
  Getting those away from me.
  Sign it. You're right.  It's for the best.
  You're sure?
  There's something else.
  I didn't tell you  the whole story.
  Lowell and blaine  were together because
  We set them up.
  Lowell lured him  onto the balcony,
  And i was waiting  across the street  with a sniper rifle.
  But i choked.
  I couldn't do it.
  And because i couldn't,  lowell stepped up,  and it got him killed.
  It's my fault he's dead.
  Oh, liv...
  It was like a nightmare.
  The guy, he just kept coming.
  And when i shot him,  his eyes, they turned...
  It doesn't matter.
  It wasn't real.  And that's why i'm here.
  Thank you for sharing  your experience with us.
  Does anyone have feedback  or anything they'd like  to say to major?
  Okay, guys.  Fold the chairs,  put 'em up against the wall,
  And we meet again  monday, eight o'clock.
  Pm.
  Hey, man.
  I know  what you're dealing with.
  I've seen guys  like your candyman.
  Oh, thanks, man.
  Scotty, is it?
  I'm scott e.  It's not e, like as in y,  but it's e, like as in e.
  Separate.
  Right.
  I almost didn't make it  out alive that night.
  You know, they were  crazy-ass strong
  And i still have nightmares  about those eyes.
  They're red, glowing.
  You know what they are, right?
  What are they?
  Zombies, dude.
  Friggin' zombies.
  This city has  a zombie problem.
  (sobbing)
  I'm gonna find blaine.
  And next time,  i'll be able to pull  the trigger.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 