iZombie: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e4 - Liv and Let Clive - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Liv and Let Clive - full transcript 
 Clive refuses Liv's help when one of his former criminal contacts is murdered. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  My name is liv moore,  and i died, sort of.
  I had a promising career  and a great fiance.
  Then i went to the world's  worst boat party  and got turned into a zombie.
  Now i work at the morgue  for access to brains,
  But brain eating  has side effects.
  I take on the victim's  personality traits
  And have visions which i use  to help solve their murders.
  I work with a detective  who thinks i'm a psychic
  And my boss,  the medical examiner,
  The only person  who knows my secret.
  I'm a crime-fighting zombie.
  Previously on izombie...
  Liv: Major is a counselor  at helton shelter,
  A halfway house  for teen runaways.
  Jerome's roommate,  eddie cisco,  disappeared four days ago.
  All right.  I'm gonna walk this over  to missing persons right now.
  Nice kicks.
  Have you seen my friend?
  Brother, i just saw him.
  Blaine: We'll have you  to him in no time.
  What the hell?
  You need to go.
  For a mere 25k a month,
  I've got the brains  you need to keep  all your pistons firing.
  Time to look alive, baby.
  So, last night,
  Is that a service you  provide all your clients?
  What do you think?
  I think i'm paying you  25 grand a month  to keep me in brains.
  So, answering your booty call  should get me a rebate.
  Oh, jackie.  I made you a zombie.
  But i would never  make you a whore.
  Liv: Finding that special  someone is never easy.
  Someone who  really gets you,
  Not just someone who  gets you through the night.
  (rock music playing)
  And love in the time  of zombie-ism, well,  that's even harder.
  (doorbell rings)
  Liv!
  Hey. I thought jesse  locked himself out again.
  Is this a bad time?
  I just got out of the shower.  You know, getting ready  for the day.
  Well, i won't keep you.  I just came to say hi.
  And apologize for  all the weirdness lately.
  And, fancy coffee?
  Oh. (stutters) that's for me?
  I usually wait a couple  of hours till i drink  my second giant cup.
  Oh, thanks.
  That's whack, yo.
  I take it jesse  didn't work out.
  Not so much. That's  the last time i ever find  a roommate on craigslist.
  I can't live with someone who  starts every sentence with,
  "hey, yo, trip," and always  thinks i'm frontin'.
  -(clears throat)  -jesse: Weak, man.
  Sheesh!
  Jesse really insists  on a lot of bass.
  I'm so sorry, major.
  The only reason you  even need a roommate
  Is because  i was supposed to be paying  half the rent by now.
  Liv, it's fine.
  You know,  i'll find another roommate.
  And, uh... Thank you  very much for the coffee.
  Hey, did that eddie kid  turn back up at the shelter?
  No, uh, he's still missing.
  And now jerome hasn't been  around for a couple days, so,
  I'm kind of freaked  out about that.
  I mean, he's returned  my texts but i don't think  he's coming back
  Until he finds...
  Hey.
  (theme song playing)
  You're up.
  (nervously)  you should meet liv.
  Oh, right. Hi.
  Uh, liv, this is corinne.
  Hey, hi. So nice to meet you.
  Yeah, likewise.
  Oh. You went to udub, too?
  No, i went to stanford.
  Stanford's great.
  Nice, good school.
  Okay, well, i'm just gonna  take off but it's so nice  to see you both.
  Liv: Actually,  it wasn't that bad.
  In the sense that it  could have been much worse.
  Right. I might have cried,  for instance. Or thrown up.
  Or grabbed that mug,
  Which happened to be  my very favorite morning  coffee mug
  When major and i were together
  And shattered it in a  million pieces like my heart.
  And then forced her to walk  barefoot across the shards.
  Exactly, but,
  I didn't do any of that.
  If major and i  are to be friends,
  I have to be able  to handle these things,  be mature. And i was.
  Well, i'm glad you survived.
  Sadly, our latest  john doe here
  Won't be, uh, handling  much of anything.
  The lack of bleeding indicates  they were removed post-mortem?
  Hmm. As were the molars.
  Suggesting both were done  to make the body  more difficult to id.
  I've seen this before.
  Typically with asian  gangland murders.
  Which would also be  consistent with his gang tat.
  He's been a member  of the blue cobras  for five to seven years,
  Based on the sub-dermal  dispersion of the ink.
  "cause of death,  hemorrhagic shock
  "due to excessive  internal bleeding, as a result  of multiple contusions
  "and severe  deep-muscle trauma."
  Well, based on  the abdominal  bruising pattern,
  I'd say he was  kicked to death.
  It's a "boot party,"  i believe they call it.
  I'm guessing clive  would appreciate  your help on this one.
  You might want to take  a, uh, working lunch.
  Liv: Hiding your true self  from the entire world  gets old fast.
  Thank god i have ravi,
  Someone who's seen mine  and seems to be okay  with the secret me,
  And the dietary demands life  as a zombie requires.
  (whirring)
  Holy crap.
  My sister's about to saw open  a dude's skull.
  -No, she's not.  -This is rad.
  I've never seen you  do the gnarly stuff.
  And you're not  about to. (chuckles)
  Oh, right, the spare key.
  Remember, you got to turn it  and jiggle.
  Thanks again for letting  me crash with you for a few.
  Mom's in one of her moods?
  You mean  the 16-year mood where  she rides my ass nonstop?
  Four a's and two b's.
  I understand that  in many homes
  That's considered  a pat-on-the-back,
  Frame-the-report-card  achievement.
  This is why i convinced her  my apartment's  in a dead cell zone.
  Oh, you picked  the perfect time,  peyton's out of town.
  Balls.
  Some big da  conference in spokane.
  By the way,  she totally knew
  You'd been in her room  last time you came over.
  Her stuff had been moved.
  She thought you'd  even slept in her bed.
  All i did was try  her personal massager.
  I could never work out  the kinks in my shoulders,
  So, maybe i was  using it wrong.
  Whoa, dude's got no fingers!
  Touch her stuff again  and neither will you.
  Okay.
  Liv: What a pleasant surprise  it might've been
  If chinese brains  or spanish brains  or italian brains
  Tasted like the cuisines  for which their regions  were famous.
  No such luck.
  Besides, my taste buds  are as half-dead  as the rest of me.
  Dr. C, i hear you got  a john doe for me.
  Oh, he's right  over here, detective.
  Yeah, i'll never how  you can eat down here.
  That's why i leave my coffee  at the bottom step,
  So it doesn't get  that morgue-y smell.
  (sniffs)
  Asian gang, huh?
  Indeed.
  (sighs) poor sammy.
  So, you two have already met.
  It's sammy wong.  What's left of him, anyway.
  How do you know him?
  Long story.
  Okay then,  any theories on who did this?
  Might i suggest  a disappointed former  piano teacher?
  Well, stay out of it.  I can handle this without  your psychic powers.
  -I'd like to help if...  -Stay out of it.
  Who you been  talking to, ray! Hmm?
  (grunts)
  You been chatty, boy?
  Sammy: Come on, clive.  Ray's cool.
  I told you, sammy!  Stay out of it  or you're up next!
  What'd you just see?
  Nothing. Not a thing.
  You're telling me back  when clive worked vice,
  He had a mustache?
  Facial hair isn't exactly  the headline here, ravi.
  I saw clive giving  a rodney king-quality
  Beat-down to  some guy named ray,  accusing him of snitching.
  -Snitching about what?  -No idea.
  But he threatened our  fingerless friend, too.
  Sammy was there. I saw him.
  No wonder clive doesn't  want my help on this case.  He's a dirty cop.
  Whoa, liv, slow down.
  Look, what you saw  is a bit unsettling,
  But let's not jump  to conclusions.  You know clive.
  But do i? Do i really?  You're right.
  -There's probably  another explanation.  -Yes.
  Just like there is for seeing  this chick corinne
  In major's house at 8:00 a.M.,
  Wearing his shirt,  slobbering all over my cup.
  Actually, that  doesn't seem to beg  for another explanation.
  Why didn't i see it?  She's angling to move in.
  "i'll share the rent with you,  major. I'll share everything."
  Slut.
  Major's spare room  is barely cold
  And there she was, hovering.
  Major loves a thumping bass.
  I'll bet that she was the one  with the delicate ears.
  Liv, listen to yourself.
  They've only been seeing  each other for a couple  of weeks.
  You're sounding  a little paranoid.
  Oh, you're on her side now?
  No. I'm just saying  you've had a pretty  radical change of heart
  Since you ate lunch.
  Or should i say,  "change of head."
  You are who you eat, right?
  You don't just  have their visions,
  You also get some of their  personality traits.
  It's possible sammy here
  Had an anxious,  fearful thought process,
  With bouts of irrationality  and delusion.
  You're right.  Let's not freak out.
  It's too soon for corinne  to move in with major.
  He's too fragile right now.
  -She's his rebound.  -(pen clicks)
  -Hmm.  -That's why you should  move in with him
  And head her off at the pass.
  -Me?  -He needs a house-mate.
  I think you two would  really hit it off.
  Uh, i'm not looking to  give up my privacy,  which i enjoy.
  You'd have your own room.  And bathroom.
  How much more "privacy"  do you need?
  What sort of  perversions are you into?
  I also don't want to  lock myself into a lease.
  Ever since  the cdc sacked me
  With no notice,  week-to-week is how i roll.
  So, to sum it up,  satisfied with my  current living situation,
  Concerned with your paranoia  with regards to both  major and clive.
  Duly noted. But remember,
  Just because i'm paranoid  doesn't mean there's not some
  Strange stuff  going on out there.
  Ah, grazie, bella.
  Nice fake bake,  donatella versace.
  How do you get yours  to come out so even?
  By sleeping with someone  who's got her own  private aesthetician.
  Did my two sides  of beef come in?
  In the back.
  Oh, morning, boss.
  I need you two  on deliveries today.
  Do you think you can  handle that this time?
  Yeah, from now on  we're each typing
  Every address  into our phones.
  That mix-up  won't happen again.
  Well, it definitely won't  happen a third time.
  Here's today's list.
  Any questions?
  (door opens)
  Don't startle them.  They're thinking.
  Nope. We're good to go.
  I think my clients  are going to like this  latest creation.
  Braised cerebellum  a la grenoble.
  Ah, that sounds expensive.
  It tastes like money.
  Uh-uh!
  What are you looking at?  Brains are for closers. Go.
  Go.
  Go.
  Liv: Vice.  Clive's old stomping ground.
  Why would anyone ever leave?
  Hey, doll.
  -Cross-dresser: Oh! Hey!  -Officer: Keep walking.
  So, sammy's dead.
  Hey, marty, did we  have a dead pool  going on sammy wong?
  Not on that one, devore.
  Hmm. No pool.
  Then my reaction  would be... Meh.
  I guess there was a vice case.
  Detective babineaux,  he was your partner?
  He identified sammy's body.
  We're having a tough time  getting any other information  out of him.
  I appreciate all the hard work
  You must do down  at the me's office,
  But i still can't help you  with a vice case.
  -Not one that's ongoing.  -It's ongoing, huh?
  Well, is there anything  more general that  you could tell me?
  You know, like,  your experience  working with clive
  Or what he was like  on a professional level?
  I mean, just before i go  too far down the road  with this guy.
  Well, i can tell you that  he was always looking out  for number one.
  That he was a little too close  to his cis.
  That no one was surprised  when he got suspended.
  And when he left for homicide,  no one was sorry  to see him go.
  He got suspended? For what?
  Let's just say  the thin blue line can get  a lot thinner
  When you're working in vice.
  Why didn't clive ever tell us  he'd been suspended?
  Well, it's such a wonderful  conversation starter.
  You'd think he'd lead with it.
  Then people would immediately  begin assuming the worst.
  I haven't been  assuming the worst.
  I see it in living,  if somewhat blurry, color.
  And it looks a lot like  clive's a dirty cop.
  Throwing around his muscle.
  I mean, the guy he was  beating up in front of sammy,
  That ray character,
  His shirt said  hong kong video staff on it.
  He could shed some light  on clive's involvement  in all this.
  This is the place.
  We need to get a better sense  of who and what  we're dealing with
  Without raising any red flags.
  Follow my lead.
  Should i be concerned that  whatever you're about to do  requires gum?
  Hey, there.
  I was wondering  if you could help me.
  I'm looking for this guy ray?
  How do you know ray?
  I met him at a party.  It was kind of a while ago
  But we, like,  hooked up, or whatever.
  Do i sound so totally  slutty right now?
  Well, yeah... When don't you  sound so totally slutty?
  -Dude!  -You asked.
  Whatever.  I was cleaning out my bag
  And i found this.
  And i had this  drunken flashback
  And remembered  ray gave it to me.
  So, i thought maybe  he worked here.
  Her life is, um, like  the whorey version  of that movie memento.
  What? If you couldn't  look back at the sexts  from the night before,
  We'd never know where  you'd been or who you've done.
  Here's the deal,
  My friend melanie  here has a thing
  For men of the,  uh, asian persuasion.
  In a big way.
  So, uh, if you could point  her in the direction  of this ray guy,
  Maybe i can get  the hell out of here
  And get the lunch  i thought i was getting.
  Because this isn't me  eating a tostada, is it?
  Wait here.
  That's one way  to take a shower.
  Your desire for privacy  in your living arrangements
  Is starting to come  into sharper focus.
  Oh, look. They actually  have the whorey version  of memento.
  I swear, a.J.  I didn't say a word!
  -Are you sure? Not even one?  -No. (whimpering)
  Let's see if some wasabi  jogs his memory.
  -(screaming) oh, no, no, no!  -Clive!
  My man! (laughs)
  You're just in time.  We found our rat.
  How could you  think it was ray?
  (laughing)
  (gasps)
  -What is it?  -We need to go, now.
  I hear you're looking for ray.
  And that you're  into asian dudes.
  I'm a.J.,  and i'm into white girls.
  Really white girls.
  You might just be  my moby dick.
  I didn't catch your name.
  Melody.
  You sure about that?
  Please. It's been  melody, melanie.
  She even tried to get me  to start calling her  starfire last year,
  But i drew a line.
  So, how did you say  you and my buddy ray  know each other?
  I don't really know him.  We just met the once.
  What do you want  to see him about?
  We just hit it off,  that's all.
  Trust me, you don't  want to try and understand  her thought process.
  I'd just give her ray's  number and, uh, say a little  prayer for your buddy.
  Well, it seems weird  to me that a girl like you
  Would have to track down  a guy for a date.
  And why would he give you  the card to the video store
  And not his cell phone number?
  Maybe i should've  taken the hint.
  This was a bad idea.
  Well, no. We're here now,  i'm sure a.J. Here can
  Hook you up with  an e-mail address or a...
  Nice ink, by the way.  Is that a snake?
  It's a cobra.
  A blue cobra. Very cool.
  Very cool.
  Much cooler than if you  chose, say, a puff adder.
  Or a common krait.
  Uh, i think you've  embarrassed yourself
  -Enough for one day.  -(chuckles nervously)
  Uh, we're gonna go away. Um...
  Lovely store, gentlemen.
  That's not just a shop renting  more asian porn than i could  possibly imagine.
  It's like  the blue cobras' clubhouse.
  I had a vision when we  were in the porn room.
  That guy, a.J.?  He's the main cobra.
  He ordered one of his boys  to stick wasabi in some  other guy's eye
  To make him confess  to snitching.
  Looks like the cobras  are looking to plug a leak.
  Clive showed up in the vision.
  It sounded like clive  had been helping a.J.
  And this ray  we're looking for,
  The guy clive beat up?
  It looked like he was  a.J.'s best bud.
  Bloody hell.
  Okay, let's not  presume too much.
  A good cop investigating  sammy's murder  would logically come here.
  So would a dirty cop  reporting to his partners.
  Clive is helping them  ferret out a snitch.
  Let's wait and see  where he goes next.
  Or not.
  Do you realize you have like,  zero junk food?
  Although, who knows,  there could be a bag  of cheesy puffs
  Buried in peyton's  sports bra drawer.
  I imagine she owns enough  sports bras to warrant  their own drawer.
  You don't have to say  it's true. Just cough twice.
  Evan, come over here now.
  What?
  Does that guy look  suspicious to you?
  Now that you mention it,  he is spending an awful  long time by that bush,
  -Waiting for his dog to pee.  -I know, right?
  Have you by any chance been  taking advantage of our
  State's liberal  marijuana laws?
  -No, why, have you?  -Jeez, paranoid much?
  Stay out of peyton's room  and off drugs. I'm going  to take a shower.
  Let me know  if you see anything unusual.
  Especially with that guy  and his so-called dog.
  (sighs)
  By the time we finish  the rest of these deliveries  the gym's going to be closed.
  Yeah. I guess i could pop out  the free-weights at home.
  But it's just not the same.
  I feed off the on-lookers,  you know?
  I hate this, man.
  I miss my old life.  I'm wasting my potential.
  Why did blaine have to  go and scratch us?  I didn't ask for this.
  -Neither did i.  -Meanwhile,  all blaine has to do
  Is scratch rich dudes  and create more customers
  And charge them out  their ass for brains,
  Because he's  the only game in town.
  He's making money  hand over fist with this  awesome business model,
  And we're out here  working like a couple of  frickin' pizza delivery boys.
  Screw that guy.
  You thought any more  about what i told you?
  Go into business  for ourselves?
  -He's not gonna like it.  -No one likes losing.
  But someone's got to be  losing if someone else  is winning.
  That's just fricking science.
  -What do i always say?  -"you can't flex fat."
  "the best way to predict  the future is to create it."
  Oh. Yeah. That is true.
  It is true, dante.
  There are no  hand-outs in life.
  There are no free rides.
  You got to make things  happen for yourself.
  And when opportunity knocks,  you can keep sitting  on your futon
  And watching  real homemakers  of whoretown
  Like a fatty fat-ass,
  Or you can answer the door.
  I'm answering the door.
  How would we even get started?
  Dude! We already know  where to find  our first clients.
  (both laughing)
  What's the latest with  mr. My-dog-needs-to-pee
  At-the-exact-same  time-every-night?
  Evening, liv.
  Evan, this is the detective  i work with.
  Clive babineaux.
  Yeah, he said already.  That's why i let him in.
  Give us a minute, will you?  You can hang out in my room.
  I'll be in peyton's.
  Why the hell were you  talking to my old partner?
  I was trying to help out  with the case.
  I thought i was very clear  about not needing your help.
  You were.  I thought you could use  someone to watch your back.
  I have a feeling  sammy ran with some  really bad dudes.
  What kind of feeling?
  Have you been having  one of your little hoodoo  film festivals up in there?
  No. I haven't had  a single vision.
  So you know,  sammy wong was  in federal witness protection.
  He was?
  I guess the feds  didn't do such a good job  on the protection part.
  No, he was fine for  six months in albuquerque,
  But his dumb ass  had to sneak back here
  And visit his dying mom.
  Look, there are higher forces  at work here, liv.
  If you don't stay out of it,
  You're going to  wind up getting hurt.
  Hey. Ravi, right?
  We, uh, kind of met last week.
  Of course.  Uh, liv's ex-fiance.
  -Sorry.  -It's fine.
  Is that gonna be  weird for you, by the way?
  You being liv's ex-fiance?
  Yeah.
  No?
  Are you sure?  It seems like you're  a little off about it.
  Like that "no" kind of had  a question mark at the end.
  I'm pretty sure  i'm okay with it.
  Okay. Good?
  So, liv's not here,  she'll be back shortly.
  Would you like  to wait for her?
  I don't... I don't really  need to wait.
  Okay.
  Uh, i can for  a couple of minutes,  if you need me to.
  Um, is now not a good time?
  Do you need to finish up  or something?
  I'm sorry,  this is an incredibly  strange conversation.
  Are you here to see liv?
  No. I thought i was here  to talk to you.
  -Me?  -Yep.
  Uh, about the room  that i'm renting out?
  Of course.
  Liv had said that  you were looking  for a place
  And you wanted to meet  to talk about it.
  But maybe... Maybe  i had the wrong person.
  Are you not looking  for a place?
  I suppose i'm not  "not" looking for a place.
  Uh, my current  situation isn't ideal.
  You know, dodgy neighborhood.
  Thin walls.  Lots of noise issues.
  Oh! I just had some  noise issues myself,  i get it. Believe me.
  What's the point of having  7.1 hd surround sound
  If you can't use it  without neighbors  banging on your walls?
  Look, i'm sure you've noticed  my work situation isn't  the liveliest.
  When i unwind, i like some  feel-it-in-your-bones audio.
  (sighs)
  I'm assuming at this price,  the tip is included.
  Talk to your boss  if you have any problems  with that.
  It's kind of insult  to injury, huh?
  He turns you into  a zombie and then charges you
  An arm and a leg for brains.
  Are you trying to be funny?
  (chuckles) no.
  I'm trying to tell you  i have empathy for your cause.
  Let me share something  with you, jackie.
  You know why blaine  sets his prices so high?
  -Because he can.  -Because he...
  Very good. We got a smart lady  on our hands here, dante.
  You see, blaine has  what's called a monopoly.
  He can sell brains  at a sky-high price
  Because he has no competition.
  It's not like you're gonna  go off on your own.
  Start digging up graves  or something.
  Yeah, i'm not  much of a digger.
  Of course you're not.  You're a classy lady.
  And a victim.
  And i'm here to tell you,  it doesn't have  to be that way.
  -You have options.  -Do i?
  What if i told you there  was an alternative  to blaine's service?
  High-quality brains  at a fraction of what  you're currently paying.
  It would be nice to stick it  to blaine and save  a little cash.
  You understand i'll need some  time to think this through.
  Of course.
  I have to tell you,  i admire your chutzpah.
  I didn't peg you  for the enterprising type.
  Ah, that's because  we're jacked.
  People assume we're dumb.
  But we're living proof  that it doesn't take body fat  to have a phat idea.
  There's no way you have that.
  Apparently there is,  because i do.
  How did you get your hands  on a windforce?
  Uh, what is that,  like, uh, 1.2  attacks per second?
  1.4.
  I thought i was so badass  with my exalted orbit stones.
  -Hey.  -This is the most  unbelievable kismet.
  -It's crazy kismet.  -Major is a level 66
  Wizard in diablo iii.
  Level 70 demon hunter.  Right there.
  Oh, you're going to lose  your mind when you see it  on a 4k ultra hdtv.
  -Dude.  -It's basically like having  a holodeck.
  So, this holodeck,  are you thinking
  It's an "in your bedroom"  holodeck,
  Or more of like a  "communal living room"  holodeck?
  Bedroom. Unless you're  okay with blackout curtains  in your living area.
  I am not a fan  of gaming with glare.
  Totally fine with  blackout curtains.
  So, wait, this is a thing?
  You two are moving  in together?
  He had me at 4k ultra hdtv.
  I'm surprisingly intrigued  by the prospect of  college football saturdays.
  Lager. Wings.
  Bow down to... Washington?
  Yeah! You're getting it.
  All right,  i'm gonna get going.  Um, give me a buzz later,
  -We'll go over the logistics.  -Will do.
  Cool. See ya.
  Clive showed up at my place.
  He found out that  i talked to his old partner.
  He told me if i didn't stay  out of the case,
  -I could get hurt.  -He threatened you?
  Basically, yeah.  And he seemed very concerned
  With me having any  case-related visions.
  And you didn't tell him  you already have?
  Are you crazy?
  I don't know if  he believed me,  but i played dumb.
  Hmm.
  See, before major showed up,  i was going through some  asian gang mug shots
  And found our anthony jin.
  A.J.'s father was head  of the blue cobras
  Until five months ago,  when he was put away  on conspiracy charges.
  Five months.
  That's just after clive  claims the fbi moved  sammy to albuquerque.
  Wait? Sammy was in wit-sec?
  Well, so clive says.
  Even if it's true,  that doesn't explain why
  Clive was beating ray up  or showing up for these  torture sessions at cobra hq.
  If sammy testified  against a.J.'s father,
  No wonder he was constantly  looking over his shoulder.
  But in the vision  that i had in the video store,
  A.J.'s cronies were torturing  a different guy for that.
  That must have been before  sammy turned state's witness.
  And then later, when sammy  was dumb enough  to leave albuquerque
  For a visit, who better  than a dirty cop like clive
  To give a.J. The heads-up  or maybe even to kill sammy?
  I don't want  to believe that's true.
  Clive seemed surprised  to discover sammy's body  in the morgue.
  (gasps)
  See what that was?
  That was me acting surprised.  It's not that hard  to pull off.
  He might kill us  if he finds out  what we know.
  That's why i brought  this tracking device.
  Clive's shift ends  in 10 minutes.
  I need you to be my lookout  so i can attach this  to his car.
  Let's not do  anything stupid, okay?
  If clive is who  you fear he is,
  We need to think this through.
  Let's sleep on it  and tomorrow we'll decide  the best course of action.
  -Fine.  -I'm serious, liv.
  I said fine. See you tomorrow.
  Liv: Sorry, ravi,  i'm doing this.
  Even though i'm not sure  i want to know  where it might lead.
  You are not crazy.  You are not delusional.
  (panting)
  (grunts)
  -Woman 1: Are you all right?  -Man: Wow, she got hit hard.
  Woman 2: Hey, girlie.
  (sammy groans)
  Look on  the bright side, sammy!
  Your mom's going  to outlive you.
  Sammy: I got news for you.
  You're all going down.  Your pal ray is a cop.
  -(gasps)  -man 1: Are you okay?
  Man 2: Are you hurt?
  -Woman 1: Do you want us  to call somebody?  -Man 1: Here, let me help you.
  (gasps)
  I know kung fu.
  I know kung fu.
  I know that ray's  an undercover cop,
  And if he's not already dead,  the cobras are going  to kill him!
  What the hell's going on, liv?
  I just saw the moment  sammy was killed.
  A.J. And his crew were  kicking him to death.
  Ravi says they call it  a "boot party."
  Right before they finished  the job, he told them that  ray was an undercover cop.
  Ray's burned? Damn it!
  He was my partner, liv.
  My real partner when  i went deep undercover
  Trying to take  down the blue cobras.
  Look, i lied about  not having any visions.
  I saw you  beating up ray, clive.  I saw you at the dvd store.
  You were there  when they were torturing  some guy for information.
  You thought i was dirty?  That's what you thought?
  I thought that  you might have been  working for the blue cobras.
  Your former partner  told me you got suspended.
  Hey, it's babineaux.  Put me through to devore.
  We'll deal with this later.
  We need to find ray.
  The team will meet you  at the hangar.
  I'm guessing 20 minutes.  Do nothing before  your backup's there.
  Okay, i'll see you there.
  Ray's on his way  back from five days  in hong kong
  With a shipment of utopium.
  The cobras like to use  a private airstrip outside  snohomish to avoid customs.
  It's gonna be close,  but i think we can get there  before he lands.
  -Okay, let's go.  -Not you-and-me "we."
  Me, detective devore  and a team from the gang unit.
  You're going home.
  Gnocchi stuffed with  medulla oblongata  in a fra diavolo sauce.
  Fantastic. What is that,  cream in there?
  Pureed neural tissue.  Gives it kind of a...  A silky texture.
  -Hmm.  -(door opens)
  Ah, they're back!
  Look, guys, i know you think  carbs are the enemy,
  I know, but you  need to try this.
  Oh, man. This is good.
  Are you making more of this?
  This is definitely what  i'm having on my cheat day.
  -(laughing)  -mmm.
  Mmm.
  Gonna do some  painting in here, huh?
  In a manner of speaking.
  You come up with  a name for your new start-up?
  I wouldn't give it  another thought.
  It's no surprise, really.
  -Most small businesses fail.  -Yeah.
  This is why we buy in bulk.
  Remember, julien,  i took you out  of this freezer,
  And i can put you back in.
  Loyalty, it's job one.
  Come on, pick up, pick up...
  (cell phone ringing)
  -Babineaux.  -Liv: You're there.
  Sorry about all the calls.  I've been going crazy worrying  about you and ray.
  I've washed every piece  of laundry in my building.
  You can relax.  The cavalry arrived in time.
  You're both okay?
  Ah, we're both enjoying  the sight of a.J.'s crew
  Spread-eagled  on a black and white.
  When they rolled up,  we found enough heavy  artillery in the trunk
  To put them all away  on weapons charges.
  We also found  three bloody teeth.
  I'll bet you chowder  at ivar's at least one  of them belongs to sammy.
  I think i owe you more  than a bowl of soup.
  I really messed up  on this one.  I should've trusted you.
  Three times i told you  to stay out of it, liv.
  On two separate occasions.
  I just didn't want you  to get a look
  At some of that  dark crap in my past.
  Your vision  did save ray's life,  i'll give you that.
  Listen, clive, i just want  to say how much i...
  Listen, i can't talk about it  right now, all right?
  The cars are registered under  a.J.'s name but he wasn't  in the welcoming party.
  We're gonna head over  to the video store and arrest  him for sammy's murder.
  Okay, well, give him my love.
  (door creaks)
  Hello?
  (gasps)
  See, the look  on your face tells me that
  Maybe you're not really  all that into asian guys.
  What else you been  lying about, cop?
  One of my boys  followed you from my store  to the police station.
  How long have you and ray  been working together, cop?
  You don't need  to protect ray anymore.
  He's dead.  Right now, it's just  you and me.
  This just in from snohomish,
  Ray is safe, and your boys  are cuffed and spread-eagled
  On the hood of  a police cruiser.  Here's another shocker.
  (grunts)
  I learned that from  your boy sammy.
  (both grunt)
  (liv panting)
  (door shuts)
  Evan: Hey, sis!  Did someone say pizza?
  (grunts)
  -(grunting)  -oh, my god.
  Liv?
  (breathing heavily)
  I have to say, you're a lot  tougher than you look.
  Guess i just landed  a lucky punch.
  What are you, lady?
  Just a girl!  You got your ass  kicked by a girl.
  -Get over it.  -You're a freak.
  I don't know how many  take back the night  self-defense seminars
  They gave at your  sorority house,
  But i could pretty much  take out batman with  a spiral notebook
  And a student id card.
  How did you even  get on a.J.'s radar  in the first place?
  I went to the video store,
  Asked a bunch  of stupid questions.
  Right before you showed up,  i now realize,
  To investigate sammy's murder,  not to get instructions from  your gang overlord.
  (sighs) that you'd even think  i'd be on the same side as  that twisted wannabe ninja...
  Clive, i know it's  hard to understand,  but it's not like i just
  Heard a rumor and believed it.
  These visions  i get are powerful.
  Seeing you that way,  seeing you so cold  and violent, it...
  It scared me.
  I lost a year of my life  going undercover.
  You know what it's like  spending all that time
  Pretending to be  something you're not?
  I can imagine  it's pretty rough.
  I didn't become a cop  because i wanted to be  one of the bad guys.
  That so-called suspension  devore told you about
  Was supposed to get me  on the inside  of the cobras' inner circle.
  Which it did.
  But i went so deep that  when i came back up,
  No one wanted to work with me.
  Not even my partner.
  That's why they had  to get me out of vice.
  Thought i'd get  a fresh start in homicide.
  I'm so sorry, clive.
  I know you're a good cop,  i just...
  I was being crazy paranoid.
  Too bad those visions of yours  don't come with footnotes.
  So true.
  If i ever have ever another
  And you even  show up jaywalking,  i'll come to you first.
  I'd appreciate that.
  You going to be okay here?
  I'll be fine.  I've got my muscle.
  Welcome back, detective.  Care for a slice?
  Got quite a choice here.
  Pepperoni or double jalapeno.
  That dude was right.  She's a freak.
  No, thank you.
  If you see anyone suspicious  who weighs more than  50 pounds, you call me.
  You won't always land  that lucky punch.
  Top secret, it was a kick  to the nards.
  (chuckles)
  Liv: I know it's not  a different sun that came up  this morning.
  But somehow, it looks sunnier.
  Ravi is hitting it off  with major,
  Who seems willing to give me  another shot at this  friends thing.
  The "pretending  to be something i'm not"  isn't over,
  But at least sammy's brain  is out of my system, finally.
  I'm so ready  to start looking forward
  Instead of constantly  watching my back.
  What's that old zombie saying?
  Today is the first day  of the rest of your  half-dead life.
  -Say nothing.  -About what?
  I'm glad you got over your  nerves about signing a lease.
  Oh, no, there's no lease.  Major didn't want one.
  Really? He's usually  a very by-the-book  kind of guy.
  It's obvious, isn't it?
  He saw how eager you were  to get me in here  to block corinne.
  He thinks you're sending  a signal that you're  not ready to let him go.
  -I wasn't sending a signal.  -You weren't?
  Huh...
  Hey, jackie, it's me.
  Just want to  let you know that  thanks to your feedback,
  Those two  eager-beaver employees
  Are no longer  with the company.
  I'm sending over a little  sample of something special  on the house,
  As a thank you.
  It's going to make you feel  like a teenager again.
  I suggest you have it before  i see you tonight.
  (phone beeps)
  What about the shoes?
  You a size 12?
  -Be my guest.  -(chuckles)
  (cell phone dings)
  -(shatters)  -(clears throat)
  (whirring)
  Push him forward.  Time to earn your keep.
  (whirring)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 