iZombie: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e9 - Patriot Brains - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Patriot Brains - full transcript 
 Liv and Clive investigate the death of a former sniper; Major gets closer to the truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  Ravi, you did it!  You made a zombie rat!
  (screaming in pain)
  -You guys seen my friend?  -Brother, i just saw him.
  We'll have you  to him in no time.
  No word from jerome?
  -Liv: How did this happen?  -(gasps)
  He got into a fight.
  I went looking for jerome.
  And found  the candyman.
  Major: I saw something  in the candyman's car.
  There was an ice chest  in the passenger seat.
  It had a brain inside.
  Liv: I'm heading over  to lowell's place.
  Liv: How do you eat?
  Lowell: A funeral home.
  Lowell: For the right price,  a mortician will  look the other way.
  Drop!
  Settle down.
  (exhales)
  (elevator bell dings)
 Liv: I had one chance at love.
  Turns out my  would-be soul mate
  Survives on the brains  of murdered teenagers.
  Man: You can't park here.
  It's a loading zone.  Management will have my ass.
  Five minutes.  You think your boss  is unreasonable?
  Get comfortable, kid.
  (grunts)  ugh.
  Say goodnight, gracie.
  (gasps)
  Your car?
  (whistles)  gone.
  This intimidation routine  you've got down here must  usually work wonders.
  Thing is, i'm bigger.  And i'm not going anywhere.
  (theme song playing)
  Twelve hours after being  bitten by the zombie rat.
  Vital signs remain normal.
  No marked change  in appearance.
  Continuing to  monitor progress.
  Liv! Uh...
  You're not due  to start your shift  for another hour.
  I was just about to  start reconstituting
  Mrs. Bushnell's chest cavity.
  You okay?
  He asked rhetorically.
  Blaine murders teenagers  and delivers their brains  to zombies.
  Good lord.
  And my boyfriend  is on his meal plan.
  I ate some of lowell's  leftover breakfast  this morning,
  And it was jerome,  that kid who came in here  a few weeks ago with major.
  I watched blaine murder him.
  But the police  found his remains  at the shepherds' house.
  I saw what i saw.
  And as i was  leaving lowell's place,
  Blaine was heading up  with a new delivery.  I should've done something.
  What could you have  possibly done?
  I'm a zombie.
  He's a zombie.
  And a cold-blooded killer.
  We need a plan.
  And all those missing persons?  They're part of a zombie  meals on wheels program.
  If jerome didn't die out in  the shepherds' cabin...
  How did the police find  his remains out there?
  Something's rotten in denmark.
  Denmark, in this case, being  the seattle police department.
  Well, it's settled.  I have to find blaine.
  Well, you do know  one person who can reach him.
  Lowell? No, i won't even  be able to look at him.
  He has to know where  those brains come from.
  Do you have another option?
  No.
  So major was right  this whole time  about the candyman and
  Those missing kids.
  I made him promise  he'd back off,
  I convinced him  he was getting carried away.
  Well, if it makes you  feel better, i don't think  he listened to you.
  He remains single-minded  in his quest.
  Look in on him for me,  will you?
  I'm worried about him.
  Well, he's hardly  left his room lately.
  Who knows  what's going on in there.
  (gunshot)
  One in the head.  One in the heart.
  -But before we master  the fine art of targeting...  -(gun cocking)
  Ravi: Major, you home?
  -...We're going to start  with the basics.  -Major: In here!
  Come in!
  Oh, it has been too long,  my friend.
  There are souls  that need reaping.  Dungeons that need looting.
  Wenches that need to feel  the weathered hands of a...
  What the hell?
  "brains: The final frontier"?
  This body building blog  says there's an amino acid
  That skyrockets the release  of growth hormones.
  Now, you can get it  from the extract of the roots  of this african plant
  I seriously  can't even pronounce,
  But the purest source  is human pituitary glands.
  Aren't you big enough?
  No, i'm just looking  for any reason that guy julien
  Might have had a brain  in his ice chest.
  And this makes  about as much sense  as anything else.
  I suppose it does.
  Now, who wants  to go slay some  dark creatures of the night
  And make the  world a safer place for  all of mankind?
  It is my quest,
  And i will not  shrink before it.
  Hey!
  We need to talk.
  (paintballs thudding  and splattering)
  Teen team leader:  Harris, caleb,
  On my mark,  jump out and lay down  suppressing fire.
  John, phil, you guys  flank them on the right.
  Drew, you're with me  flanking left. Got it?
  Let's go.
  (paintball guns firing)
  Cover me.
  (paintball gunshot)
  Yo, you gotta clear the field.
  Hey, yo, man. I shot you.
  You gotta go to the dead zone.
  (screaming)
  Where can i find blaine?
  Wait. I don't understand  what you're saying.
  The brains i eat,  they come from funeral homes.
  I saw blaine deliver  that cooler to you  this morning.
  -And that's where he says  he gets his brains.  -Well, he's a liar!
  And you told me  you got your own brains.  So you're both liars.
  The two of you are liable to  give zombies a bad name.  Where can i find him?
  Slow down, please.
  What makes you think  he's killing people?
  I had a bite of your eggs  and brains on my way out  and i had a vision.
  I saw blaine slaughter the boy  whose brain we ate.
  I met him, lowell!  He seemed like a great kid.
  The question is how can  you claim not to know  blaine is killing people?
  You're a zombie.  You have visions.
  You ever stop to wonder  why all the people you eat  are so young?
  Why they all came to  such tragic and violent ends?
  They weren't all young.  A lot were, but not all.
  And i've only had  a couple violent visions.
  I don't go looking  for triggers.
  I don't investigate murders.  It's not like i saw blaine  kill anyone.
  When you need another  delivery, how do you get  in touch with blaine?
  When blaine  made me a zombie,
  He told me he'd  get me the brains  i needed to live.
  I was starving.  I didn't have a choice.
  There's always a choice!
  And right now,  you could choose to tell me  how to locate blaine.
  That's the only reason  you're here?  To get that information?
  You can't slow down for  a moment and talk about us?
  Us?
  There is no us.  There's me and this guy  who i don't recognize
  Who eats the brains of  murdered homeless kids.
  You're damn right  i only came  for that number!
  Say you call him, then what?
  I'll figure it out.
  No. No. Not good enough.
  What does it  matter to you  now, anyway?
  Well, for a start,  i'm in love with you.
  (phone vibrating)
  Well, that's gonna  be a problem.
  (makes wolf whistle)
  Hot date, boss?
  Better.
  Sex i can get whenever i want.  This, though...
  Ticket to the emp to hear  kurt cobain's unreleased demos
  Before anyone else  in the world?
  That's priceless.
  Nirvana was the soundtrack  of my youth.
  Hell, my childhood  ended april 5th, 1994.
  I'm 13, headed to algebra.
  Alyssa delbarre  comes running up and says  "he's dead! He's dead!"
  Starts bawling  on my shoulder.
  Then you nailed her?  (chuckles) nice.
  (sighing)
  Lawrence kaiser called  a little while ago.
  Dibs!
  No, julien  will handle the delivery.
  Aw, come on.
  You do not purge your bowels  in the powder room of a man
  With a helicopter pad  in his backyard.
  You squealed?  Bitch move, man!
  Enough. Enough.
  Kaiser wasn't looking  for product.
  He wants to  have lunch thursday.
  At his club.
  He wants to talk about  a business opportunity.
  Says he'll send a car for you.
  Well all right, then.  Everything's coming up blaine.
  Guy's got his own club?
  (clearing throat)
  Uh...
  -Uh-uh.  -(car door shuts)
  Bad, huh?
  He wouldn't tell me anything.  I... I really don't want to  talk about it.
  What about you?  How's major?
  Uh... Eh, he's still convinced  that the candyman  is harvesting human brains.
  Which, you know, i suppose  is technically true.
  But his working  theory is that
  It's like a cutting edge  bodybuilding supplement.
  So, slight silver lining is  he's not thinking zombie.
  Vic's name is everett adams.  Twenty-eight.
  Former sniper  with the army rangers.
  Works at  this paintball facility  as an instructor.
  Csi says there's no gunshot  residue on him,
  So the shot that killed him  must've been taken  from a distance.
  You okay, liv?
  Fine.
  All right, then.
  Paintballers were part of  the big brothers big sisters  program.
  No one heard the gunshot.
  Unis haven't turned up  anything that shoots  real bullets.
  No shell casings near  the killer's perch, either.
  Excuse me,  did you say "perch"?
  Yeah. The bullet passed  through the victim's neck
  And lodged in this log.
  We used its entry point  to establish its trajectory.
  And there you go.
  So the killer  was up in that tree?
  That kid over there.  He's the victim's  little brother.
  Well, i'll get to work here.  You two go do your thing.
  (paintball gun firing)
  Harris jenkins?  I'm detective babineaux,
  And this is  olivia moore from the  medical examiner's office.
  We'd like to ask you  a few questions.
  (continues firing)
  Were you aware of anyone  who might have wanted to  do this to everett?
  His wife.
  Ex-wife, i mean.
  She dumps him when  he's getting shot at  in afghanistan,
  Then she and the new husband  try and take away his kid.
  Everett wouldn't let them.
  (fires)
  I'm going to  bring in the ex-wife  and her new husband.
  You able to join me?
  I just need to meet the body  back at the morgue.
  Maybe grab a bite to eat.  Give me a couple hours?
  All right.
 Liv: Sure, i could kid myself,
  Say that i plan to eat  everett's brain as a way  of supporting the troops.
  But the truth is,  i can't handle  another vision of jerome.
  Penny, this is  olivia moore with the  medical examiner's office.
  Sorry for your loss, ma'am.  Please have a seat.
  Mrs. Taylor,  we understand that
  You and everett  were engaged in  a serious custody battle.
  Right to the point, then.
  Yes, we were  fighting over anna,
  And it got heated.
  Um. My husband sean  was offered a promotion,
  But it came with  a transfer to silicon valley.
  "chief digital officer."
  It came with  a massive pay raise.
  Penny and i would've been  able to enroll anna in  a world-class private school.
  But i had to turn it down.
  When exactly  did you meet penny?
  (clears throat)
  Yes, i left everett for  sean while he was  deployed in afghanistan.
  War changed him.
  He was suffering from ptsd  but resisted treatment.
  But he left the service.
  He couldn't take  seeing another man  raising his daughter.
  Suddenly anna  was the center of his life.
  How did sean deal with  everett preventing him  from accepting this promotion?
  I can't lie.
  It stung.
  But i understood the man.
  I wouldn't let anyone take  anna away from me, either.
  Might've been nice, had he  shown the same enthusiasm
  For parenting when he and  penny were together.
  Where were you  between the hours of
  4:21 and 4:31 this afternoon,  mr. Taylor?
  Stuck in a meeting.
  All afternoon.
  A dozen colleagues  can vouch for me.
  4:20? Um...
  I took anna to the park  near her school.
  Can anyone  back you up on that?
  Anna knows where we were.
  She's at home with my sister.
  Anna: You're freaky-looking.
  Why are you so white?
  That's not nice, anna.
  It's okay.  I work in a basement, anna.  So i don't see much sun.
  All i need to know  is what you did  after school today.
  I was with mommy.
  And what did you  do with mommy?
  I don't want to do this.
  Tell the nice lady  where we were.
  Anna: Stop! Please!
  -Stop, daddy! Stop!  -Everett: You are not  taking my daughter away!
  -Just stop, daddy! Stop!  -Everett. Calm...
  (grunts)
  Get out of this house  right now!
  Get out, get out!
  I don't wanna do this anymore.
  It's okay, baby,  you did great.
  I think we're through here.
  -So, when you say  everett snapped...  -I mean, lost it.
  Like, punching a guy  in front of a crying child.
  Wild with rage. It was ugly.
  Penny chased him off  with a butcher's knife.
  Why wouldn't they  report that to the police?
  Everett being violent  would've made their  custody case for them.
  No idea.
  Anna didn't provide  her mother with the  most solid alibi.
  I'll see if anyone can  place penny  near the crime scene.
  (screaming)
  (panting)
  Liv: Great. Ptsd.
  What's more relaxing  than a trip down  traumatic memory lane?
  Exercise may be an  effective treatment for ptsd,
  But what it really beats  is laying around,
  Wallowing over the end of  my posthumous love life.
  (breathing heavily)
  And now i'm overwhelmed  with desire.
  Called to the battlefield  and powerless to stop myself.
  "free for all"?
  So, it's last man standing,  huh?
  (rock music playing)
  (paintball gun firing)
  (paintball gun firing)
  (frustrated groan)
  (paintball gun firing)
  Liv: Hooah!
  This is the tree the cst  said was the munitions  point of origin.
  This is where they believed  the shooter was perched.
  Fifty yards from this tree  is where everett's body  was found.
  This is where i found  the shell casing,
  20 yards closer to everett  than the cst thought.
  To have shot from there,  the killer would need to be  15 feet tall.
  He should be easy to find  then, shouldn't he?
  Or she.
  Side note,
  That trophy you won in your  last man standing competition  is ill-gotten gains.
  I'm guessing you were  the only participant
  Digesting the brains  of a highly-decorated soldier.
  If i'm stuck with his ptsd,  i should at least get  a trophy out of it.
  You're remembering traumas.
  Do you remember  anything more of your own?
  After the boat party  when you woke up  in a body bag,
  How did you know  you were a zombie?
  The craving brains  didn't really speak  to werewolf.
  -So you immediately  craved brains?  -Yeah.
  Immediately.
  I identified myself  as a doctor
  And refused medical treatment.
  As i was leaving,  i found a corpse on the shore.
  His skull was already  cracked open.
  Some other zombie likely  got the frontal lobe,
  But there was some temporal  lobe just hanging there  like fruit on a tree.
  -My first zombie meal.  -(phone vibrating)
  -(disconnects)  -(exhales)
  (slams phone on table)
  Can i ask...
  If you hadn't been able  to get a job with access  to a pre-killed brain supply,
  What would you have done  to feed yourself?
  I wouldn't have had  the brains of murdered  homeless teens
  Delivered to my house  like pizza.
  Lowell didn't know.
  Then he didn't want to know.
  But you believe in his  position you would have?
  I mean...  What a luxury to not  have to know for sure.
  Clive: Dr. C,
  Mind if i take  your assistant  on a field trip?
  I'd sign her permission slip,  but my hands are  covered in viscera.
  Sergeant adams was under  the care of a shrink  at the va hospital.
  She advised her patients  to keep a journal.
  Let's go find that journal.
  (rock music playing)
  Hey, how's it going?  So, a buddy of mine  works out here.
  And the dude is just yoked.
  That's where i wanna get,  and i hear this place  can make it happen.
  It's your lucky day.
  I happen to have some time.
  I'm looking for  cutting edge,  out of the box,
  Whatever it takes,  no matter how crazy  it sounds type stuff.
  I think i'm  just the trainer for you.
  There's no quick fixes here.
  Supplements are a very  small piece of the puzzle.
  I need to know you're  ready to do the work.
  I'm ready to work.
  'cause without the work,  the creatine or nitric oxide's  not gonna do it.
  Actually, uh...
  I was thinking  something a little more  hard core.
  What?
  Arnolds? Tren?
  I saw this blog  that said if you eat brains,
  The pituitary gland has  this amino acid in it.
  Makes your  growth hormones  go off the chart.
  You mean, brains?
  From people?
  That's what i read.
  And you're up for that?
  Well, like i said,  i'll do anything.
  You'll eat human brains
  To get bigger muscles?
  I am open to that  as an option.
  That's good to know.
  Found it.
  I guess everett wasn't  big on journaling.
  This is all he wrote.
  "one is less than many."
  I think i got that  in a fortune cookie once.
  It's a sniper mantra.
  Everett's job  was to kill people.
  That phrase is how he  kept a clear conscience.
  By killing one person,  he could save  a lot more lives.
  Do you know many snipers?
  Just one.
  (metal clanging)
  Harris! What are you doing?
  (gasps)
  Is that a good  thousand-yard stare or  a bad thousand-yard stare?
  It's not good.
  Clive: We talked  to your school.
  The guidance counselor  had these sketches on file
  That your art teacher  had handed over.
  According to your  school records,  you've had a rough year.
  Anger issues.  Verbal outbursts.
  At the time everett was shot,  your paintball team  had just split up.
  Was there anyone who  could account for you,
  Just before the body  was discovered?
  Make no mistake, harris.
  We're gonna catch  whoever did this.
  Not if i do first.
  He's a messed up kid.
  But losing your mom, brother,  and male role model in  the span of a year
  Will do that to you.
  You think he  pulled the trigger?
  All those drawings?  He did them before everett  asked to be his big brother.
  His grades and  attendance were actually  on the upswing.
  Got a hit on that search  you had me run,  detective.
  Thanks.
  You have time to pay penny  and sean's neighbor a visit?
  (doorbell rings)
  Penny took a big step up  the social ladder when  she married sean.
  From an enlisted soldier's  quarters to a mini-mansion  in salish ridge.
  You folks miss the sign?
  I'm detective babineaux and  this is medical examiner moore  with the seattle pd.
  You filed a noise complaint  against your neighbors?
  It's about time someone  followed up.
  If you don't believe me,  the noise is only  the half of it.
  Ever since i filed  that complaint, it's like  my place is possessed.
  I've got lights that go on  in the middle of the night.
  I've got sprinklers that go  off on the wrong days,  with me paying the fines.
  You think  that was the taylors?
  I guess i picked  the wrong people to take  to small claims court
  Over my broken mailbox  and my ruined lawn.
  You know, him working  with all that high tech  wizard dweeb stuff.
  But after her ex fishtailed  out of there and skidded  across onto my property,
  I hear this commotion.
  I see penny chasing him  out of the house  with a butcher knife.
  He slams the gas,  backs out of there  like a bat outta hell
  And she's screaming  at the top of her lungs  that she's gonna kill him.
  (soft folk music playing)
  (knocking at door)
  I'd like you to go.
  I know you're upset but  i'm being real clear here.  You need to leave.
  For you.
  It's michael kenny.
  He was interred yesterday  at evergreen memorial.
  You dug up a grave?
  I'm sorry.  I'm sure that was awful.
  It was okay, compared  to watching the funeral.
  He was an english teacher
  And all these kids he taught  were there.
  His daughter read his favorite  shakespeare sonnet.
  His poor wife was  in hell on earth.
  And i, um...
  I threw up, actually,  um, because
  I thought about  all the brains i've had
  And every last  one of them was...
  I mean, liv, we...  We eat people.
  We eat people.
  I know.
  And i wanted you to know  that i get it.
  I was a coward,  i didn't want to know  where my...
  I should've tried to,  er, um...
  Now, blaine killed those kids  and i ate those brains.
  And i, i...
  I'm sorry. I'm... I'm...
  I'm so sorry.
  (softly)  i know.
  (soft indie music playing)
  So, this freebie's  doing the whole,
  "i wanna be big, zoltar,  i'll do whatever it takes"  bit.
  C'mon, knock out two more.
  Anyway, i'm thinking he  wants me to hook him up  with some juice, right?
  But check it.
  The guy tells me he wants  to get some human brains.
  Right?
  Total head case.
  You got his info?
  No, i'm serious.  I think blaine scratched me  because he's into my music.
  -He keeps asking  when we're going to jam.  -(chuckles)
  You never know. He could  be zombie mccartney to  your zombie lennon.
  What i know is,  another year  on his meal plan
  And my trust fund  will be zombie tapped.
  How does it work,  anyway?
  Well, in my case it  involved a father
  Who had the good fortune  to inherit a coal mine.
  Not your trust fund.  Blaine's service.
  Oh.
  They send a menu.
  Changes every few weeks.
  "motor cortex asada,  basil parietal terrine,
  "cerebellum sashimi..."
  For god's sake,  cerebellum sashimi is people.
  Hard to overlook,  no matter what it's called  or how it's prepared.
  This menu is  homeless teenagers  who blaine kills
  In cold blood for profit.
  Blaine has to die.
  I'm gonna kill him.
  Yeah, fantastic. All right.  Yeah, i'm looking  forward to it.
  (disconnects)
  Blaine's coming around  to my place tomorrow night.
  To jam.
  You sure  you're up for this?
  I'm running on  elite soldier brains.
  You're the one who has to  stand next to the guy.
  Well, i could not possibly  be more terrified,
  But i'm hoping that  knowing you're watching  will make me nut up.
  I'm always better  with an audience.
  I probably shouldn't say this  to the woman  i'm in love with but,
  I'm a weenie.
  -(chuckles)  -i'm one of those  guitar players who
  Avoids any activity  that may hurt his fingers.
  I'm not the man who jumps  in the line of fire.
  But, um...
  That's the kind of man  you deserve so...
  I'll do my best.
  You're not a weenie.  You jump out of planes.
  Remember that when  you're looking through  the scope of that rifle
  At the puddle of urine  forming at my feet.
  So, we're really doing this?
  It was transcendent.
  These demos filled in  gaps about kurt cobain  i didn't even know existed.
  It showed his musical  progression from  fecal matter to nirvana.
  Fecal matter was  his first band, you guys.
  Fecal matter?
  That's, like, uh,  poo, right?
  Yes, luta. It's like poo.
  So, uh,  what's with the get-up?
  My lunch with  lawrence kaiser  is today.
  And it's not a "get-up."  i am a sartorial chameleon.
  Indie rock scene,  country club.  I fit in everywhere.
  (phone ringing)
  There's our zombie  powerbroker now.
  Oh, and julien...
  Go ahead and take care  of our little gym rat problem.
  I'd do it myself, but  lowell tracey's invited me
  To preview the new  pocket dial album.
  Who?
  You need to listen to  something other than  bob seger, my man.
  Mr. Kaiser? I didn't think  i'd be sharing the ride  to lunch with you.
  You're not.
  Here's where things stand.
  I'm tired of your brains.
  These visions from  runaways and junkies
  Are worse than depressing.
  They're boring.
  I want better.
  And i see an opportunity here.
  For the both of us.
  My whole life  i wanted one thing.
  To be an astronaut.
  You know why i couldn't?
  Low distance vision acuity.
  Did i quit? No.
  I worked. Hard.
  I made my fortune
  And i bought myself a ticket  on the first commercial flight  into space.
  And do you know  what happened then?
  What?
  You. You happened.
  Two days after i passed my  zero-gravity training,
  You and that disgusting  fingernail of yours  ruined my life.
  I can't exactly  pass a physical as  a zombie, now can i?
  But i will know what it's  like to be out there  among the stars.
  And you're going to help me.
  And how am i doing that?
  You're going to get me  the brain of alan york.
  Alan york? The astronaut?
  One of the first men to  walk on the moon.
  I want to eat his brain.
  I think he's still using it.
  Like that's ever  stopped you before.
  Somehow, i suspect  he'll be a lot slower than  the average teenage junkie.
  How the hell am i  getting to alan york?
  I think all i'm tasked  with here is pointing out  what i want
  And then writing  you a check.
  So, why don't you  just tell me,
  What amount am i  writing on it? Hmm?
  (sniffs)
  Liv: What're you doing?
  (clatters)
  What? Nothing. Just...
  Uh. When did you get in?
  Everett's brains came  with stealth mode.
  I believe i have some  happy news.
  Uh...  (chuckles)
  Zombieism doesn't appear  able to jump across species.
  When was that even a question?
  When the zombie rat bit me.
  You had more than  enough on your plate.  I didn't want to worry you.
  Next time worry me.
  We're in this together.  I've got your six, ravi.
  Roger that, soldier.
  Do you have time  to look at a couple of  youtube videos?
  Of failed twerking tutorials?
  Yes.
  But no one lipsyncing  to frozen.
  After the taylors' neighbor  accused sean of messing with  the systems in his house,
  I did some digging on  sean's company, remoticon.
  Among their clients?  Ufreighteze.
  Watch this.
  (soft jingle playing)
  (child crying)
  Woman:  It's okay, sweetie.
  Announcer:  America's favorite  online retailer
  Is going to institute  same-day delivery  using drones.
  Woman:  Ufreighteze sky.
  Because you need it now.
  Liv: And this  informs our case how?
  Remoticon is supplying  ufreighteze
  With the drone  guidance system.
  Are you picking up  what i'm putting down?
  Surely you  can't be suggesting...
  Oh, yeah, i am.  Check this video out.
  You can find them all  over the internet.
  -(gunshot)  -(explosion)
  And i am officially never  going outside ever again.
  That's why you found  the shell casing  where you did.
  The drone was 15 feet  off the ground.
  Halfway along what  the csi guys told us  was the trajectory.
  That yuppie sack of crap  sat in his corporate meeting
  And murdered everett  from his tablet.
  Man over phone:  How soon will you be here?
  We're aiming to be out there  in a couple weeks.
  I busted my ass  to get this promotion.
  I'm going to enjoy  a little r&r;
  Before i get back  in the thick of it.
  We're so pleased  your circumstances changed,
  Chief digital officer.
  I'm gonna have to  call you back.
  Penny?
  (camera clicking)
  -What're you...  -Clive: Mr. Taylor.
  Our computer forensics experts  have a question about
  3d printer schematics  for a .38 caliber handgun
  Mounted on a ufreighteze drone  they found on your laptop.
  We have a search warrant,  by the way.
  Penny gave us your passwords.
  Said you had  nothing to hide.
  Penny: What the hell  did you do, sean?
  He was anna's father.
  (grunting)
  Nerds.
  -This'll be easier on  you if you don't move.  -(yelping)
  Sean taylor,
  You have the right  to remain silent.
  Anything you say or do  can and will be used  against you in a court of law.
  Liv: There are monsters  in this world.
  People who do  unspeakable things.
  When i graduated med school,  i took an oath
  To consecrate my life to  the service of humanity,
  To respect and value  the lives of all persons.
  But now that i'm half-dead,
  I can see that some life  is like a virus.
  One that can't be  allowed to spread.
  (flipping switch)
  -(grunting)  -(retching)
  Oh, ho.
  Argh!
  You're gonna tell me who  you've told about brains.
  (grunting)
  Then this will all be over.
  (panting)
  Okay, pretty boy.  I'm gonna ask you  one more time.
  Who have you  told about the brains?
  (grunting)
  Now, answer me straight,
  Or i'm gonna take you  on a guided tour  through a world of pain.
  I don't know anything!
  (clicks tongue) ahh.
  Then i guess it's all  aboard the pain train.
  First stop,
  Hand francisco.
  (screaming)
  (moaning)
  (grunts)
  (exhales)
  (gunshots)
  (grunting)
  (gagging)
  (screaming)
  (gunshot)
  (empty gun clicking)
  Cheers again for  the prime cuts.
  I figured an occasion  like this called for  something special.
  To old clients...
  And new friends.
  You limeys sure can put  it away, can't you?
  Dammit, move.
  (inaudible)
  Everything okay, amigo?
  Ah... Just getting  a bit toasty is all.
  Um... I'm just  gonna move this.
  -Better?  -It's all good.
  (inaudible)
  Do it.
  Do it.
  Liv: I said some life  is like a virus.
  But if you kill a virus,  you're a doctor.
  If you kill a person...
  If i kill this person,  i know who i'll be.
  I'll be a killer.
  I'll be him.
  Blaine: You really  gotta get down  to the cobain exhibit.
  Hell, i'll go again  if you're up for it.
  You know, i purchased  a kurt cobain jaguar  from a collector
  With my first advance money.
  -You're kidding me?  -Fancy a go?
  I would literally  never forgive myself  if i said no.
  Wait right there.
  (chuckles)
  (cell phone vibrating)
  (sighs)
  Where is he?
  (stuttering)  i'm sorry, i didn't even  know who to call.
  I have no idea who i even...
  Hey, you need to  pull it together.
  If you shot an armed intruder,  this is going to get hairy.
  But you didn't  do anything wrong.
  I killed a man.
  Show me.
  Here?
  You know,  he collapsed right here.
  (stammering)  no, i shot him.  I shot him three times.
  When people are shot  multiple times in the chest,
  They tend to bleed.
  And he threw a freaking  sledgehammer at me. Look!
  I can't know if that mark  was or wasn't there  before tonight.
  I'm telling you it wasn't!
  He must've just  gone out the window, but...
  He was dead.
  Hey, man, i'm...  I'm telling you, all right?
  I got him right here.
  Three times.
  Major, i gotta ask...
  Have you been taking  any medications?
  No.
  Have you stopped taking any?
  (faintly)  what?
  Behold.
  Look, i gotta go.
  (clears throat)
  Wow.
  This is unreal.  (chuckles)
  (phone vibrating)
  (starts strumming)
  (phone ringing)
  Get comfortable, kid.
  (grunts)  ugh.
  Say good night, gracie.
  (phone ringing)
  Seen that look before.  Where'd that trip take you?
  Looked like bonnaroo.
  (phone continues ringing)
  Hey. How'd it go?
  What? That's unacceptable.
  What the hell happened?
  No, no.  You stay right where you are.
  (mouthing)
  No.
  Blaine: You stay  where you are. I'm en route.  (hangs up)
  Hey, man.  Sorry, i gotta go.  Work emergency.
  Look, if you wanna  go to that exhibit,  you just gotta...
  You're a lousy host.
  (gunshot)
  (screaming)
  (whimpering)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 