iZombie: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e5 - Flight of the Living Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Flight of the Living Dead - full transcript 
 Liv must eat the brains of her murdered sorority sister in order to gain insight about the crime. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  My name is liv moore,  and i died, sort of.
  I had a promising career  and a great fiance.
  Then i went to the world's  worst boat party  and got turned into a zombie.
  Now i work at the morgue  for access to brains,
  But brain eating  has side effects.
  I take on the victim's  personality traits
  And have visions which i use  to help solve their murders.
  I work with a detective  who thinks i'm a psychic
  And my boss,  the medical examiner,
  The only person  who knows my secret.
  I'm a crime-fighting zombie.
  Previously on izombie...
  Liv: Major is a counselor  at helton shelter,
  A halfway house  for teen runaways.
  Jerome's roommate,  eddie cisco,  disappeared four days ago.
  All right.  I'm gonna walk this over  to missing persons right now.
  Nice kicks.
  Have you seen my friend?
  Blaine: We'll have you  to him in no time.
  You a size 12?
  -Be my guest.  -(chuckles)
  -What are we drinking?  -This is a mezcal
  Made in some remote village  in south america.
  Mexico. Oaxaca.
  It's really hard to find.  I mean, there's only, like,  200 bottles made a year.
  His agent got it for him.
  May we never go to hell,  but always be on our way.
  (cheering and whooping)
  Red light, people.
  (cheering and whooping)
  -(gasps)  -live to the max!
  Yeah!
  (police radio chatter)
  (camera shutter clicks)
  Even if i laid out here  long enough,
  I still wouldn't get a tan.
  I used to have freckles.
  I miss my freckles.
  Two hours.  Two hours going back and forth  on extraction.
  Meanwhile, we're in the middle  of the sticks.
  And i forgot my phone.
  And i'm hungry.
  Of everyone here,  who would you eat first?
  I think first i'd ask if  someone could spare an apple.
  Or half a sandwich.
  I was watching tv on saturday  and i saw  an egg salad sandwich.
  And i was like,  "i loved egg salad  when i was alive."
  There's gotta be  an equivalent i can make.
  Vegans can pull it off  with tofu,
  So why can't  i do it with brains?
  So i went down to the  artisanal spice shop on pike,
  You know,  seasons for all seasons,
  And i picked up some stuff.
  In the end,  the sandwich wasn't so bad.
  It didn't quite hit the mark,  but kind of close.
  So, work in progress.
  Hashtag, yolo.
  Okay, amuse yourself then.
  I think you might be having  shish kebab for lunch.  (chuckles)
  I get it. Food on a stick.
  You're so juvenile.
  -Chicken satay.  -(chuckles)
  Cocktail wieners.
  Lollipops. Popsicles.
  Cake pops.
  (cell phone ringing)
  Corn dogs!
  Hey, what's up?
  -Peyton: (softly) liv?  -Peyton? What's wrong?
  Are you okay?
  (sniffles) no, it's not me.
  Uh, holly was in an accident.
  Holly driscoll?
  No, uh, holly white,  from mu theta zeta.
  Oh, my god. What happened?
  I just started seeing these  "rip holly" messages  on my feed.
  Someone said it was  a skydiving accident.
  (theme song playing)
  Holly and i  went to college together.
  We were in the same sorority  for a while.
  Well, you can  sit this one out.
  I'm fine.
  Man, i thought the insides  of my thighs were pale.
  Anyway, uh...
  Nothing out of the  ordinary here.
  Her chute deployed,  equipment looks good.
  The sport chutes  they were using were  dangerous to begin with,
  And this drop zone  is not for the faint of heart.
  Just your run-of-the-mill  darwin award.  Bunch of dumbasses.
  -Incoming.  -I know you'll chalk this up  to human error,
  But that's crap.
  Holly's jumped  a hundred times.
  Something went wrong  up in the plane.
  She was supposed to go last.  Instead, that guy...
  Went last. And late.  Both of them.
  He was nowhere to be found  after we landed.
  We keep asking what happened,  but he's not talking.
  Hi, detective babineaux?
  Do you remember me?
  Of course. Major.  Liv's friend.
  Please, call me clive.  Have a seat.
  Did, uh, eddie turn up?
  No. That's, uh,  actually why i'm here.
  Eddie never came home.  And now jerome's missing.
  He hasn't been  by helton shelter  in more than week.
  And i haven't heard from him  in a few days.
  I tried calling his phone  this morning,
  But the number's been  disconnected.
  Have you called the hospitals?
  Checked with friends,  relatives?
  I... I did all of that.
  You should talk to  missing persons.
  Major: Yeah, i did that, too.
  Look, you're my last resort.
  Man, i am buried right now.
  I've got two  open investigations,
  My lieutenant's  being a hard-ass lately...
  I'm homicide. I go to work  when there's a body.
  This really is  a missing persons case.
  They're useless!
  The moment they hear  "helton shelter,"  they stop listening.
  -They don't return my calls.  -Okay.
  I get that you're frustrated.
  They're stretched thin  over there,
  But i can put a call in  to my guy
  And get jerome  moved up the priority list.
  When'd you last see him?
  Uh, it was last thursday.  (sighs)
  He was headed  to the skate park,  to go look for eddie.
  He was wearing  a gray and blue hoodie,
  Blue t-shirt, jeans  and sneakers.
  They were american flag  high tops.
  Do you remember  the skate park guy that  jerome was talking about?
  He called him the candyman.  Said he was scary,
  And that he was  giving drugs to kids?
  Can...  Can we not go down there
  And just check him out  or something?
  I'll let my guy at mpu know.
  (sighs)
  (scoffs)
  Major, don't do  anything stupid.
  Liv: Holly was  the opposite of me.
  She was adventurous and free,
  I was disciplined and safe.
  She was unlike anyone  i'd ever met.
  There wasn't a mu theta rule  she didn't violate.
  I guess that's why  we kicked her out.
  Even though  i didn't understand her,
  Part of me  wished i could be her.
  You know, you don't have to,  um... Eat her.
  We're not lacking for options.
  We have the crossing guard,  the lady who stroked out  in the park...
  It's fine.
  I mean...
  It is a little weird,  like i'll be reading her diary  or something, but...
  I do this for strangers  all the time.
  If there's someone  i owe it to, it's holly.
  That friend of hers  seemed so sure  this wasn't an accident.
  I have to know  if someone did this to her.
  (drill whirring)
  Kilimanjaro,  the cenotes in belize...
  All these profile pictures  look like a  national geographic.
  God, what a dumb way to die.  Ugh.
  Don't jump out of planes.  Like nature intended.
  You know, if she'd spent  more time reading
  Than flipping the bird  to gravity,
  She'd know that you're  going down when you fly  too close to the sun.
  Lots of people skydive.  That doesn't make you icarus.
  True, but holly went  skydiving, spelunking,
  Base jumping,  mountain climbing...
  All the dangerous "ings."
  So statistically, she had  an even greater chance of  self-destructing than icarus.
  Oh, i'm not being insensitive.
  It's true.
  And yes, it's also true  that she was funny and smart,
  And beautiful, and...
  Always had your back  when you needed it.
  That's why i'm so pissed off.  'cause she threw it away.
  I don't know,  i think she'd disagree.
  I think she was a dying-  as-a-consequence-of-life  kind of girl.
  That's a nice thought.
  But people who say that,  say that from the comfort  of their aliveness.
  I remember one time
  She found me wandering  in a fugue after i got an 89  on my organic chem lab,
  And i was like,  "so much for medical school."
  Okay, insane. But i get it.  Go on.
  And she was like,
  "liv, the grades and crap  don't matter in the long run.
  "you gotta start sucking  the marrow out of life."
  And on the way back  to mu theta,
  We hopped a fence  and swam in someone's pool.
  Now that i think about it,  that was one of the best times  i ever had in college.
  You didn't tell me that!  I feel so cheated on.
  And yet we both voted  to kick her out of mu theta.
  Ugh.
  Not our finest moment.
  Okay, but you're forgetting  how, like,  over the top she was.
  Remember when she'd  come crashing home  at, like, 4:00 a.M.?
  Then she'd leave her naked  strays on the couch for us to  find in the morning. Ugh.
  She was just being  a college student.
  Didn't you ever worry  she had something  figured out that we didn't?
  Oh, wow.
  This post is from last night.
  Holly: Look what i found!  The life of the party.
  Lowell, control yourself.
  I haven't heard that beautiful  voice in so long.
  It'll be fine!
  You've done this a thousand...
  Go!
  Peyton: Doesn't it  freak you out that facebook
  Somehow knows that you  were thinking of buying boots  and reducing belly fat?
  I need you to look into  holly white.
  She's the skydiver  from yesterday.
  Do you see her name  in red up there?
  It's not a homicide.
  The faa ruled it an accident.
  That ruling's not official  until my office weighs in.
  We're still waiting  on toxicology.
  -In the meantime...  -In the meantime you want me  to invent a case.
  I've got two open, liv.  My lieutenant is a moody dude.
  We can keep things quiet  till we have something.
  I had a vision. This guy  that holly jumped with,  his name's lowell tracey.
  I saw him freak out on her.  He scared her.
  And one of her friends is sure  he had something to do  with her death.
  Please, we have to do  something.
  She was a friend from college.
  (sighs) all right.
  I've got your back  until it hits the fan.
  If you haven't noticed,  i'm not winning any popularity  contest around here.
  Against my better judgment,  i'll bring in...
  Lowell tracey. Thank you.
  Oh, and they were wearing  helmet cams.  We're gonna need that footage.
  Got it. Anything else?
  (thunder rumbling)
  (upbeat music playing)
  Why am i here?
  It's just an exploratory  interview.
  Fact-finding  for the investigation.
  Establishing a timeline.  That sort of thing.
  "investigation"? So you're  suggesting that holly was...
  You.
  Sorry i'm late.
  This is olivia moore.
  She's the me on holly's case.
  "liv moore," huh?
  So...
  Do you?
  Are we ready?
  Mr. Tracey, tell me about this  max rager skydiving group.
  Why's an energy drink company  footing the bill
  For you to  jump out of a plane?
  If you're under  max rager's thumb,
  You are contractually  obligated to look good
  Doing pointless and or  dangerous crap on camera.
  How are you under their thumb?
  They put out my last album.  I'm signed to their label.
  You sound real happy  about that.
  What happened  up in that plane?
  Why did you jump last?  And why couldn't they find you  when you landed?
  Thank you, detective moore.
  So why didn't holly jump last?
  Why ask when you can just  watch the helmet cam footage?
  Tell us what we're gonna see  when it comes in.
  Holly jumped first because
  I got nervous.
  I almost backed down.  Been a while  since i last jumped.
  I asked her to go before me.
  "asked" implies nicely.
  Still doesn't cover why  you went missing for  30 minutes on the ground.
  I landed away  from the drop zone.
  Had no idea where i was,  wandered around until i found  everybody. Riveting stuff!
  All of which you can watch  on the helmet cam footage.
  You know what i think  i'm gonna do?
  Check on the footage.
  Why were you miserable  at carson's party the night  before the jump?
  Were you and holly  sleeping together?
  -Let's talk about you.  -(scoffs)
  Nah, how about this.
  You answer my question.
  I'll answer a question  if you answer a question.
  Whatever. Fine.
  I was miserable because  carson's parties blow,
  And no, i was not  sleeping with holly.
  She was just my favorite  person to hang with  at max rager events.
  She was...
  Genuine...
  And smart...
  Unlike the rest of those guys.
  Now, it's my turn.
  Do you have a boyfriend?
  (door opening)
  Clive: Got some bad news  for you, rock star.
  Max rager, in their infinite  wisdom,
  Destroyed all  the footage from the jump.
  Now what reason would  they have,
  Other than protecting you,  to do that?
  Any theories?
  Have you met that guy before?
  Lowell? No.
  Huh... Seems like he knew you.
  What did you think of him?
  Well, he's a smart ass,  withholding, evasive.
  When you've got nothing  to hide, you tend to be open.
  Let's bring his friends in,  find out more about him.
  Just a few basic questions.
  You can start with  your full name, what you do,
  And your affiliation  with max rager.
  Ren smith.
  I'm kind of an all around  action sports guy.
  Mainly motocross.  Some stunt stuff. X games.
  Uh... Max rager sponsors me.
  It's a dream job.
  I get paid to hang out  with my friends.
  They're not all my friends,  i guess.
  Eliza marquette,  brand marketing,
  Director of advertising  at max rager.
  Care to shed some light  on why the dive footage  was destroyed?
  Of course.
  We wanted to protect  holly's family from seeing  images of her
  Plummeting to her death.
  Oh, so it was for their good?
  Ours, too.
  Who would her family sue  if that footage leaked out?
  Is it typical for  max rager executives
  To skydive  with their athletes?
  Not really. But carson's  my boyfriend, so...
  Carson mccomb. I'm essentially  in advertising.
  You know,  i get paid stupid money  to put my face on things.
  On occasion, i snowboard in  the olympics and the x games,
  But my face is my passion.
  Training's intense, you know,  lots of moisturizing and...
  Pro snowboarder.
  It's been suggested that  lowell tracey
  Was acting strangely  leading up to the jump.  Is that accurate?
  The past couple months,  he's been withdrawn, has  canceled a couple events,
  But he's really  a great artist overall.
  Lowell was weird at carson's  party the night before.
  I don't know if he's on drugs  or off them.
  You know musicians.  Either way,
  He was acting like a bitch  and holly made it her business
  To try and find out  what was up.
  Were lowell and holly  involved romantically?
  No. No. I mean,  she invited him to everything.
  She was really into his music,  which...
  (snorts) whatever.
  But he just shut her down.
  You know, he was like the  one guy who could resist her.
  He was the one guy  who could resist her?
  You're a guy.
  I know everything about  carson's past fling  with holly.
  But that's exactly  what it was, a past fling.
  It was long over.
  Carson and holly  were not over.
  See, eliza lived in fear  of holly snapping her fingers  and getting carson back.
  I... I wasn't sleeping  with holly.
  Anymore.
  The last time was, like,  forever ago.
  Six weeks ago.
  Ms. Marquette's  under the impression
  You've been her one and only  for the better part of a year.
  Please don't tell eliza.
  Please.
  Please, holly,  don't make me do this.
  It'll ruin everything  if it gets out.
  Let's just keep this  between us.
  You don't know  how important this is to me.
  Carson:  This is like vegas, right?
  What happens in  the interrogation,
  Stays in the interrogation?  Right?
  All i did was look at him.
  Carson's hiding something.  I had a vision.
  He was freaking out about  holly making him  tell people something.
  And ren was in bed behind him.
  If i had to guess, i'd say  carson and ren were lovers.
  That's a secret  he was desperate to keep.
  Who isn't this dude  sleeping with?
  The pilot who flew the plane?
  Was holly scared  in your vision?
  Did carson seem threatening?
  No. He was a wuss.
  It was his wussiness  that triggered my vision.
  Look, we've got a sketchy  musician, a serial cheater,
  And some destroyed  eyewitness footage.
  That last bit  bugs me the most.
  Still, it's not enough  to call this a murder.
  Liv: By all appearances,  clive's right.
  I've got nothing.
  Just a gut feeling that i need  to keep pulling this thread.
  (cars honking)
  Maybe it was just  a senseless tragedy.
  If you live each day  like it's your last,
  Someday you'll be right.
  Maybe i should just try to  enjoy the last few days  i have with holly.
  Ah, finally, you're here!
  I've got something  to show you.
  Babineaux, every  morning i start with  a little quiet time.
  Sip my coffee.  Check instagram.
  I'm on this new diet,  so i look at pictures of food  i can't have.
  Some people hate on  food pictures, not me.
  Bowls of spaghetti  are my porn.
  I didn't get to enjoy my  little routine this morning.
  Instead, i was on the phone  with lawyers from max rager,
  Answering questions about  a case i didn't know existed.
  Sir, i'm sorry, i know i...  I should've...
  I'm gonna say this once.
  If it's not  on the board in red,  it's somebody else's problem.
  And i don't care  if come sunday
  You find your own mother  dead in her kitchen  with an ax in her head.
  If mama babineaux ain't on  the board in red, she's what?
  Somebody else's problem.
  Liv: Clive!
  Holly had sodium oxybate  in her system.
  Ghb?
  Five, ten minutes after she  ingested it, she'd be useless.
  I can't believe she even  opened her chute.
  Who are you?
  Liv moore, me's office.
  -You been here long?  -Yeah, a few months.
  Sir?
  Congratulations, babineaux,  you managed to get it  on the board.
  Don't screw it up.
  I'm sorry i got you  into trouble.
  It's not your fault.  It's my mo.
  Tomorrow we'll bring in  the skydiving crew again.
  Given the timing,
  They're the only ones  who could've dosed holly.
  I'll be at carson's tonight  for holly's memorial.
  Whoever killed her will  probably be there, too,
  Eating deli meat off  a toothpick and talking  about the good times.
  That's perfect.  You can take a look around.
  During my friend's memorial?
  We'll never have another  invitation to carson's house  without a warrant.
  Just keep that third eye open.
  Oh, there's major.
  Can we go over?  How are you two?
  In the throes  of awkward friendship.
  -Perfect.  -(scoffs)
  -Hey you.  -Hey.
  You're the only one here who  looks like someone just died.
  Sorry, my mind's  somewhere else.
  No word from jerome?
  See anyone we know here?
  Yeah,  it's like a udub reunion.
  Everyone's rising  to the occasion, which  holly would've wanted.
  What, think we'll find  a keg in the bathtub?
  No, but i heard rumors that  there'd be streaking.  In holly's honor.
  Seriously?
  Smart phones have cameras.  Is no one here planning  a career in politics?
  (sighs)
  Look at these.
  Holly, why?
  It's so out of character  for you to be dead.
  Vodka. Where?
  Follow me.
  -Liv?  -I'll catch up.
  Okay.
  Um... Hi.
  Can't say i expected  seattle pd to be here.
  Just came to pay my respects.  Like you.
  Somehow, a strange cop  at holly's memorial  doesn't feel respectful.
  Yeah, uh...  Bordering on sleazy, actually.
  Sorry, i don't mean  to be rude,
  But i think  you should probably leave.
  We set this up for  holly's friends and family.
  I am holly's friend, actually.
  And considering one of you  drugged her before the jump,
  I may be the best friend she  had in this 10-foot radius.
  Eliza: Drugged her?
  What'd she say?
  (sighs)
  Liv: Valacyclovir.
  Funny, i saw everything but  a herpes ad around here.
  Ah, addy for the exec.
  Ooh! Uppers for the downer.
  Ooh! (all laughing)
  (cell phone ringing)
  Man on tv: Where do we begin?
  -Hello?  -Liv: Hey, i just  found carson's
  Personal stash  of blank prescription sheets.
  They're pre-signed by a...  Dr. Dean mccomb?
  I'm guessing daddy.
  But any of the jump crew  could have gotten the ghb.
  They all had access  to the prescription papers.
  Can you check local pharmacies  for sodium oxybate scripts  written by dr. Mccomb?
  -On it.  -Great.
  See ya later.
  Well, well, well.
  I, uh... I was...
  Bathroom?
  It's down there somewhere.  Have another look.
  Join me for a drink.
  I heard that holly was drugged  before the jump.
  I also heard...
  You were friends in college.
  We were in the same sorority.
  The chicks who banished her  for not being  a model sorority girl.
  You know, i feel someone  should inform the mu thetas,
  That streaking and sleeping  around is model behavior
  According to every  american college movie ever.
  So how'd you vote? Yay or nay?
  I didn't think of it  as banishing. I just...
  It's... My room was above  the living room
  And she'd play music in the  middle of the night and...
  There were nights before  exams when i got  maybe two hours sleep.
  I wish i hadn't voted  the way i did.
  They're stupid reasons now.
  Couldn't have been  easy for you,  doing an autopsy on her.
  I'm sorry you had to  see her like that.
  Me, too.
  Were you good friends?
  Getting better.
  You know, we'd always do  a shot before a jump.
  Take turns bringing a bottle  of hard-to-find whatever.
  It was tradition.
  That's when  she could've been dosed.
  Whose turn was it?
  Carson's.
  Brought mezcal.
  Did he pour the shots?
  I, uh, don't remember.  I was  a little bit preoccupied.
  So carson and ren  are in a secret relationship.
  I wouldn't call it  a relationship.
  But, uh, whatever it was,  it was a not-so-secret secret.
  Something that, uh,  friends know about,  but the world can't.
  Well, until just now.
  I am reckless in pursuit  of brownie points.
  You think telling me  all this will make you  look less guilty?
  I think telling you all this  gets me a better shot  at a date.
  Why did ren think  you were to blame?
  They all said  that you'd been acting weird,  that you'd changed.
  Well, i have changed.
  Quite dramatically,  as a matter of fact.
  Had to completely  reassess my life.
  You know what it's like.
  This is hot.
  Perks of dating a zombie.
  -Cheers.  -(gasps)
  The perks of dating a zombie.
  That's that movie with  the about a boy kid, right?
  That's warm bodies.
  -Oh, yeah.  -A for effort though.
  But the white blonde hair,  pale skin,
  Obsessively trimmed nails.
  I knew the moment i saw you.
  Your hair's dark.
  I dye it.
  Yeah, i'd look freaky  as a blonde.
  You can see my skunk stripe  coming through.
  So we're both zombies?
  That doesn't  make you innocent though.
  I saw you yelling at holly  in the plane.
  -You ate holly's...  -I had to know what happened.
  Fair enough.
  Okay, so have you had  one of those...
  Psychotic zombie moments yet?
  Eyes go red, brain turns off?
  Full-on zombie mode.
  (laughs)
  Is that the preferred  nomenclature?
  I started to go  into zombie mode on the plane.
  My adrenaline was going,  i could feel myself changing.
  I wanted holly to jump  so she could get away from me.
  Then i didn't want to be  near the pilot, so i jumped.
  Went full-on,  frothing-at-the-mouth zombie  on the way down.
  On the ground,  i waited to find the others  until i was safe to be around.
  Unfortunately,  when they wanted to know  where the hell i was,
  I couldn't say,  "sorry guys, zombie problems."
  Oh, there you are.
  I'm gonna take off.
  I just wanted to say goodbye.
  I'll walk you out.
  You're leaving awfully early.
  Yeah, i'm really bringing down  this wake.
  I can't stop thinking  about jerome.
  It's been over a week.
  He's stopped texting.
  I think something happened  to him.
  He'll turn up.
  I'm sorry if i interrupted  something back there.
  What?  No, that was work-related.
  It's bound to happen someday.
  Five-oh!
  Darius wilson.
  Get your butt over here.
  Why aren't you home, d?
  C'mon, man. What do you want?
  (sighs) do you know jerome?
  -You seen him?  -Nah, he ain't  been around lately.
  And no,  i don't know where he went.
  Just like everybody else.
  What do you mean,  everybody else?
  We got lots of people gone.  Even willy the wino's gone.
  What's willy's last name?
  "the wino"?
  Man, the hell i don't know!
  He's just a drunk dude  that's always yelling at us.
  He says,  "are we having fun yet?"
  Come on, d, i need names.  Who else?
  Get anywhere  in the pharmacy search?
  Yes.
  I didn't find anything  in seattle,
  But i expanded my search  and got a match
  For a compounding  pharmacy in tacoma.
  They're gonna fax the name  on the prescription  and then we have our killer.
  -You're welcome.  -Great.
  I met another zombie.
  -Friendly?  -Quite.
  Brilliant! Bring him in.  Expand our data pool.
  Did he have the same pallor?
  White blonde hair,  depressive affect?
  -He had really blue eyes.  -Interesting.
  We've yet to encounter  a brown-eyed zombie.
  Might be  an empirical regularity.
  How did he sustain himself?  What's his food source?
  I didn't ask, i...
  Guess i wasn't thinking  about that.
  What were you thinking about?
  I don't know, i...
  Well, he's just, um...
  Oh.
  Was the zombie subject  in question hot?
  -He asked me out.  -You liked it!
  No! Yes.
  I don't know.
  I kind of thought  my love life was over.
  What if our hot zombie boy's  name's on our fax
  And he's our murderer?
  I don't think it will be.  I have a good feeling  about him.
  Mmm. And where exactly is  this feeling originating from?
  I'm never telling you  anything again.
  What, so all zombies  are killers now?
  -(fax machine whirring)  -oh!
  Here's our keyser soze now!
  -(drumming fingers)  -stop that.
  Carson mccomb.
  Clive: I had a chance to  check out some of your
  Snowboarding videos.
  You're damn good.
  Uh, thanks.
  How long have you been  handing out prescriptions  like christmas presents?
  (stuttering) i don't know  what you're talking about.
  Two-time gold medalist.
  Got dough rolling in  from fancy watch companies,  luxury cars.
  What a waste  of money and talent.
  What do you mean?
  I mean, you were scared your  sponsors were gonna pull out
  If they heard you and  ren smith were, um...
  Romantically involved.
  Holly was going to  spill your secret,  so you shut her up.
  You gave her a shot of  mezcal dosed with ghb  right before she jumped.
  Oh, dude,  none of that is true.
  That's the prescription  for ghb you picked up  two days before the jump.
  Oh, but that's not my  handwriting. This isn't mine.
  That piece of paper alone  gets you prescription fraud,
  Illegal distribution of  prescription drugs, forgery...
  Liv: And that's not all.
  Daddy mccomb is out of a job.
  There's no way he's keeping  his medical license
  After you went all oprah  with his prescription pad.
  If you thought getting rid  of holly would protect  your endorsements,
  Try protecting them now.
  Well, i didn't write  a prescription for ghb!
  Wait a minute.  Eliza must have.
  Why would eliza  wanna kill holly?
  Because you were still  hooking up with her?
  No, no. It's her stupid job.
  It... It is like a cult  over there at max rager.
  It's not just a company,  it is a lifestyle.
  What does that have to do  with holly?
  A few weeks ago, i was  accidentally copied on  a max rager email chain.
  It's this secret report  about max rager making  one in a thousand people
  Go psychotic.
  One guy even died,  or tried to kill someone.
  I was with holly  when i got the email,  so i let her read it.
  She started freaking out,  saying that max rager
  Was gonna cover  the whole thing up,
  And that i needed to forward  the email to some journalist.
  And if i didn't do it,  she would!
  But that's insane, right?
  Ratting out the company  that pays my bills?
  So i told eliza about holly.
  I thought she could talk  holly out of it.
  Eliza said she would  take care of it.
  I did not know  she meant "take care of it"  tony-soprano style!
  I'm gonna go pick up  miss marquette.
  Stay with him.  I'll send a uniform.
  We'll hold him  as long as we can.
  That's weird,  shower curtain is gone.
  Still wet.
  (oven timer dings)
  (sizzling)
  I don't think she was  planning on leaving.
  We have security footage  of eliza picking up the ghb  prescription in tacoma.
  She's our killer.
  Turned up nothing  at her place. Clothes gone,  no ids, no computer.
  I'll put out an apb on her.
  She's on the run.  We'll get her.
  I'm not so sure we will.
  Sir?
  Congrats, babineaux.  Job well done.
  Thank you, sir.
  Uh...
  There's something else  i'd like to talk to you about.
  I've been looking into this  missing kid on my own time.
  Jerome elliot.
  He was last seen  downtown at the skate park.
  There's something shady  going on down there.
  I've never seen  anything like it.
  There's over 60 outstanding  missing persons reports
  In the past six months.
  That's three times  the number reported in  the preceding six months.
  Now, i know it's  a transient community, but...
  I don't remember signing off  on your transfer  to missing persons.
  I've been looking into it  on my own time, sir.
  Well, here in homicide, we go  to work when there's a body.
  Only when there's a body.
  Shut the door on your way out.
  -(man laughs)  -(indistinct conversations)
  Hey.
  Where'd you get those shoes?
  Ebay.
  Really?
  How much did you pay for 'em?
  I'm looking to get  a pair like that.
  Too bad, i got the last pair.
  Hey.
  You wanna try touching me  again, you little bitch?
  You didn't buy those shoes.
  Come to think of it...
  Nope.
  (grunting)
  (groans)
  Get up.
  (grunts)
  (major groans)
  Uh, i think  you've got company.
  -(whispers) it's him!  -Ooh!
  Shut up or i'll eat you.
  -Hey!  -Hey.
  Wow.
  Nothing like a guy seeing you  with a handful of spleen.
  (chuckles)
  Uh, i hope you don't mind,  i wanted to bring you  something.
  "beelzebub's burn."
  Made with the world's hottest  chili pepper, the jolokia.
  The salesman promised me  that it would
  Burn my face off,
  Uh, make me cry,  and turn my organs into jelly.
  -(chuckles)  -so that's something  to look forward to.
  Thank you.
  Okay, um...
  So here's the speech.
  The zombie thing is a bitch.
  Your world shrivels  down to a dot.  You know this, and...
  All you think about is  how to get your next meal,  and keeping your secret.
  And...
  No one can really...
  Know you.
  Now.
  Kissing, touching, sex, love,
  Yelling at someone  for stealing the blankets.
  Um, out of the question.
  Forever.
  But then one day i see this...
  Beautiful woman.
  She's the only thing in color.
  Odd 'cause she's so pale.
  (laughs)
  And then suddenly  there's hope again.
  That's all i'm saying.
  Who knows if  we'll even like each other.
  But i like everything  i've seen so far, and, um...
  What have we got to lose?
  (door slamming)
  Here ya go.
  New customer. Duty calls.
  I am free this weekend  and i have your number.
  I'll only hover by the phone  for the next 72 hours or so.
  After that i'm on to  the next zombie girl, so...
  (laughs)
  Liv: Lowell could turn out  to be nothing. Or everything.
  He may even break my heart.
  But any of that  sounds good to me.
  I'm ready to feel again.  Anything, good or bad.
  I want to be alive,  now more than ever.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 