iZombie: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 iZombie 
 s1e8 - Dead Air - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 iZombie (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Dead Air - full transcript 
 Liv gains insight after eating the brains of a talk show host who specialized in relationships. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Liv: Previously on izombie...
  You think you can cure this?
  You were expecting  to stay like this forever?
  So you're using the rats  in search for a cure?
  Have you guys seen my friend?
  Brother, i just saw him.
  We'll have you  to him in no time.
  Major found the candyman  and someone else.
  He thinks they're responsible  for the missing kids.
  Liv: Major is not gonna let  this go. He'll go after them.
  -(police sirens wailing)  -whoa!
  Look, that's him,  the candyman.
  He's got a human brain  in that ice chest right there!
  Guard: A little thank you for  the seattle observer article.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Yes.
  Oh! No.
  No.
  No! Aieee!
  Ow! I forgot the safe word.  What's the safe word?
  Kelly clarkson! Ping pong!  (gasps)
  Ah! Ah, yes.
  That's better.
  That's the ticket.
  That's a good boy.
  -Your reward in the kingdom  of heaven will be great.  -Enough.
  Just relax.
  Breathe into it.
  Liv: I'd forgotten what  it was like to be touched.
  This foot-rub dessert  is tasty.
  -(cell phone vibrating)  -the main course was...
  (cell phone vibrating)
  Do you need to grab  that very early phone call?
  (sighs)
  Woman on radio: A juicy,  mouth-watering  thick slab of beef.
  Liv: "life" or whatever  we zombies agree to call  the daily grind,
  Means being bombarded  with almost constant reminders
  Of the things we can  no longer enjoy.
  Woman on radio: ...Dripping  with aged cheddar cheese.
  Liv: Cheeseburgers.  Man on radio: Give  the gift of life. Give blood.
  Liv: A rosy complexion.
  Woman on radio: Estate  planning, the peace of mind  that lasts for generations.
  Liv: Progeny.
  Woman on radio:  Have your assets  preserved for your heirs.
  Call your friends at...
 Liv: Sex, on the other hand...
  Ahhh!
  That's back on the menu  for this zombie.
  Sasha on radio:  ...Frequent caller  cheated on in chattanooga,
  Who thinks her husband  might be getting his kicks  at another woman's shoe store.
  Cheated, what's the 411?
  Cheated (in southern accent):  I finally caught the two of  'em, followed 'em to a hotel.
  They were basically  dry humping in the lobby.
  Sasha: Cheated,  you know i always  give it to you straight.
  It's time to cut  that man loose.
  Cheated: I'm keepin' my man,  dr. Sasha.
  It's the slut  he's hooking up with  that i'm gonna murder.
  (car honks)
  Sasha: I know i talk a lot  about self-empowerment, but  that doesn't include murder.
  Cheated: Maybe  i could get some help  from my fellow listeners!
  Call in if you see  a powder-blue convertible  with these plates,
  -I wrote 'em down, 8-2-3...  -Sasha: No, no, no, no.
  Cheated: ...G-a...  Sasha: No, stop!
  -(dial tone)  -sasha: Hello?
  Cheated, we need to talk about  this. Please call back in.
  What about that place  down on ...
  I don't know,  what you're thinking,  some takeout?
  I could go for thai.
  Yeah. Spring rolls?
  Excuse me.
  I was wondering  if you've received
  Any further news about when  my friend might be released.
  Yeah, but i'm  keeping it to myself
  Because i enjoy these chats we  have every 15 minutes or so.
  -Maybe don't be friends  with criminals.  -(snickers)
  (exhales)
  (footsteps approaching)
  Clerk: Could go for some  butter chicken right now,  that's for sure.
  Or french.  What about french?
  Peyton charles,  assistant district attorney.
  Gotta go.
  Do you notice anything missing  with this paperwork?
  Save your eyes.
  It's missing a time stamp,  which means
  The prisoner is being  held in violation of  habeas corpus statutes.
  -I could put the stamp on now.  -Are you offering  to commit forgery?
  -No.  -Get him out. Now.
  And hope to hell  he doesn't go to  the press or sue,
  Cause it'll be  both our asses.
  I read it for the articles.
  (snickers)
  The prisoner's being released.  Fifteen minutes, tops.
  Make it five.
  Oh, my god.
  (theme song playing)
  What did they do to you  in there?
  There seemed to be some lesson  i was meant to learn.
  You may need to put me  on retainer, young man.
  I'm... I'm sorry. And you are?
  This is my roommate ravi,  liv's boss.
  Ravi, this is peyton,  liv's roommate.
  I did try to call liv.
  -You did what?  -Horrible idea.
  We'd have  two messes to clean up.  Have you looked in a mirror?
  I have a feeling  people who are friends  with social workers
  Don't ask this question a lot,  but who were you fighting with  this week?
  Sons of anarchy, i think.
  Guards commuted their  sentences to 20 minutes  of beating the hell out of me.
  Hey, word of advice.  Try not getting arrested  the day after you're quoted
  On the front page of the paper  saying that local police  are indifferent
  To the disappearance  of the underclass.
  If you want to sue the city,  i can put you in touch  with someone.
  No, the only witnesses  were the guards and  the guys whipping my ass.
  It's a waste of my time.  I just wanna find out what  happened to jerome and eddie.
  What?
  All right, look... Um...  (clears throat)
  You know the, uh,  emily sparrow disappearance?
  She was kidnapped by, uh,  space-alien worshipping,
  Sister-wife collecting  cultists. A married couple.
  The, uh...
  The police found the remains  of a number of the skate park  kids at their compound.
  Jerome and eddie?
  You...
  You did everything you could.
  I mean, they couldn't have had  anyone more in their corner.
  It's over now.
  I've known in my gut  that they were gone,
  But i've seen things.
  If i told you,  you wouldn't believe me.
  I know who killed  jerome and eddie,
  And it wasn't these two.
  Everything the police tell you  in this town is a lie.
  This is a long way from over.
 Sasha:  Cheated on in chattanooga,  we're all concerned about you.
  -Please call back.  -Sorry i'm late.
  I had to help a friend  with a legal matter.
  Shh!
  Cheated on in chattanooga  threatened to kill her  husband's mistress on air.
  Sasha, the host, is  trying to talk her out of it,  but she won't call back in.
  Really, liv?
  -I'm surprised you find this  trashy, lowest-common...  -Zip it!
  Sasha: Come on, ladies.  The world is full  of eligible men,
  -And not one of them is...  -(electronic zapping sound)
  -What just happened?  -No idea.
  -(electronic disturbance)  -woman: Sasha!
  Man 1: Oh, my god,  what's happening?
  Woman: Sasha! Sasha!  Man 1: Shut it off!
  Shut it off!  Shut it off!
  Man 2: Somebody  call an ambulance!  Man 1: Sasha!
  I stand corrected.  This is compelling radio.
  Ravi: The electricity entered  the body through her hands.
  The current then passed  through her chest cavity.
  Causing instant  cardiac arrest.
  Electrocution is  an extremely rare cause  of accidental death.
  Well, wasn't an accident.
  According to the  fire inspector,
  Someone intentionally spliced  the victim's microphone
  Into the station's  backup generator.
  Moment she touched it  after the break, bam!
  First thing we need to do  is find
  Cheated on in chattanooga.
  The caller who threatened to  murder her husband's mistress  on today's show?
  Um...
  First-time listener.
  -Why her?  -You know that license plate  number she gave on the air?
  The car's registered  to the victim.
  Shocking.
  Too soon?
  Did sasha recognize  her own license plate number  when she heard it on the air?
  Yeah, she was terrified.  She sent me downstairs  to grab security.
  As the show's producer, you  screened the calls, decided
  -Which made it on the air?  -That's right.
  It's a local show,  but this caller,  cheated on in chattanooga,
  Was she calling  from tennessee?
  Well, our show is streamed  nationwide, but i could  tell from the caller id,
  Cheated on in chattanooga's  calls all came from  a seattle area code.
  So, she called  the show a lot?
  Ten, twelve times  over the past few weeks.
  She was high drama.  A woman on the verge.
  -She gave great radio.  -We'll need those recordings.
  Yeah.
  Hey, kaley.
  Can you get these officers the  past couple weeks of shows?
  Now, this week's shows  might take a little longer  to get our hands on,
  But, uh, you'll have plenty  to listen to in the meantime.
  Unfortunately, we don't  archive by caller,  so if you want
  The cheated segments,  somebody'll have  to go through, like,
  -30 hours of audio files.  -I'll do it.
  Who couldn't use  some straight talk?
  That was, uh, definitely  sasha's forte.
  She was fearless.
  God, i can't believe
  She's gone. We made so many  hours of radio together.
  I'm sorry.  I think i need a minute.
  Of course.
  -Clive: I take it sasha  and jane were close?  -Oh, super close.
  Like, since college.
  Sasha was the psych major  with the big personality.
  Jane was the rtf major  with the radio skills.
  They had this whole liz lemon,  jenna maroney thing going on,
  But in a "not funny" way.
  You happen to know who sasha  was seeing romantically?
  Specifically? No. I mean,  she talked about her sex life  on the air all the time,
  But her lovers always got  code names. The all-nighter,  sir cries-a-lot.
  So, there were  a lot of lovers?
  From what she said, yeah.
  I don't know any  names or anything,
  But everybody around here  knew she had a thing for  men already in relationships.
  Do you think one of her lovers  did this?
  We'll look into  every possibility.
  This way.
  This is the line  to sasha's mic. It should  ground into this panel,
  But the killer  ran it over there  into the backup generator.
  Who has access to this room?
  Five stations under  the panopticon umbrella, all  operate out of this building.
  Plus, there's  the public tours that  tramp through here all day.
  Last week, some clown wandered  into a kgov live broadcast.
  Took half a dozen calls before  somebody figured out he wasn't  really a city comptroller.
  So, basically, anyone  could've gotten in here?
  Sasha: Yes,  manscaping is a thing.
  You can't expect a girl to go  hacking through the brush
  Like indiana jones looking  for the lost peruvian temple.
  I want to make sure  you don't do anything
  Rash.
  -You need me?  -No.
  It's just that  i had some business  down at the courthouse
  And met your roommate  peyton.
  -Bit of a spitfire, isn't she?  -Yeah.
  -Is she seeing  anyone presently?  -Probably.
  You're asking because  you might wanna ask her out?
  (sighs) for a moment there,  i thought i might have  to draw you a diagram.
  I'll check.
  She's not generally lacking  for male companionship.
  I think we had a moment.
  Oh!
  The early shift was displeased  that the supply closet  is now padlocked.
  They'll get over it. This is  where we're curing zombie-ism.
  I'm mid-experiment. Our guinea  rats are behind this door,
  Rolling hard on utopium  and max rager.
  Right now, they're  probably waving tiny  glow sticks in the air.
  I think someone  needs an escort  to the chill-out room.
  Liv!
  Ravi: Their brains are  missing, every one of them.
  "the lannisters  send their regards."
  Ugh.
  -Where is the fifth rat?  -Don't know.
  But i can't stress enough  the importance of finding him.
  (rat squeaks)
  Holy crap, ravi!  He's white and murderous.
  You did it.  You made a zombie rat.
  (rat screeching)
  Where are you going,  little buddy?
  Uh, i believe he was  on his way to murder me  and eat my brains.
  Why isn't he tearing into you?
  Oh, it's a zombie thing.  You wouldn't understand.
  Zombie brains are nasty.
  You wouldn't want those.  No, you wouldn't.
  Uh, that rat you're doting on  like a purse chihuahua
  Could end civilization  as we know it.
  (giggles)
  Right. The human genome  is full of so-called  "junk dna," right?
  Veritable sleeper cells  of evolution,
  Waiting to be called to action  by a change in environment  or circumstance.
  Enter, a chemical cocktail of  tainted utopium and max rager.
  Cocktail wakes up  dormant genes,
  Which then transforms  an ordinary human or rat
  Into a zombie  at the cellular level.
  So, you'll use antibodies from  zombie-rat to synthesize  a gene therapy-based cure.
  That's the plan.
  Do you think  this is how oppenheimer felt  staring down at the a-bomb?
  Like a drama queen?
  Or are you talking about his  need for self-aggrandizement?
  -Aw.  -Oh, come on! Gentle ribbing.
  Dr. Oppenheimer, you love me.
  He loves me.
  Cheated on in chattanooga's  phone was a burner,  totally untraceable.
  New development.  Check this out.
  Dear god,  how about a heads-up,  or an nsfw warning?
  Is that a blow-up sex doll?
  Ooh! I wanna see.
  With sasha arconi's face  taped over the doll's.
  There are a bunch of them.
  Sasha was in a blood feud  with the host
  Of a rival drive-time sports  talk show, the morning hurl.
  The host, chuck burd,  asked all of his listeners,  "upchuckers" they're called,
  To commit unspeakable acts  upon a sasha arconi blow-up  doll and post them online.
  -Delightful.  -Sasha gave it  as good as she got.
  She was promoting a roundtable  interview next week
  With several of  chuck's past lovers.
  It sounds like we should  have a chat with chuck.
  Exactly my thought.
  Clive: "great morning sex."
  Isn't it enough for you ladies  that you're having it?
  Why spoil it  by talking about it?
  See, i find it fascinating  that we never talk  about your love life.
  Really? 'cause i find it  non-negotiable.
  -Boundaries, liv.  -"stressing of boundaries,"
  One of several signs  of a classic distancer.
  Pair that with "avoiding  discussion of deep feelings."
  -I'm going in now.  -"pulling away when  things get real."
  Look, it's nice you want  to get to know me.
  -"sending mixed signals."  -what's gotten into you?
  You listen to sasha's show  for one day and now  you think you're her?
  (sighs)  something like that.
  I'm not the "let's get real"  type, anyway.
  Ask devore in vice.  She'd tell you.
  "idealizing a past partner."  you are so textbook.
  Seriously, you can  stop talking right now.
  I know everything  there is to know about you.
  Chuck on radio:  I'm not saying he should  have done what he did.
  All i'm saying is,  any guy who's been married  for more than five minutes
  Knows exactly how he felt!
  Ladies, listen to this.
  Your mouths were  not made for speaking.
  Not for speak... Ooh!
  Huh.
  Upchuckers, show of hands,  who's screwed an albino chick?
  Huh? Anyone?  Anyone?
  I think what they lack  in pigment,
  They make up for  in nasty.
  Am i right? You know,  don't ya?
  We got a chick  in studio, right now,
  Begging for someone  to bang a little color  back into her cheeks.
  Isn't that right, sweetheart?
  What's that?
  The feud with sasha  was all for show.
  The more pms-y she acted,  the more fired up  my listeners got.
  The broad was ratings gold.
  So,
  Your relationship  with your mom,
  I'm going with complicated.
  Extreme narcissism  with a tendency towards  sexual deviance.
  (in high-pitched voice)  "mommy issues."
  All i'm saying is,  the inexplicable crying when  you're cuffing the carrot,
  -There's a reason for that.  -Mr. Burd.
  This show sasha was  supposed to do about you,
  A lot of men would feel  threatened by their ex-lovers  comparing notes on the radio.
  Yeah, unless all of your notes  are just, muah!
  (chuckles)  you know what i mean?
  I was just worried  she wouldn't be able to  fit 'em all into the studio.
  If i'm gonna puke in your  trash bin, do i need to go  through the basketball hoop?
  What do i care if one of them  said something bad?
  You and i both know how women  get when you kick 'em loose.
  -You kicked a lot  of women loose?  -Not anymore.
  I'm a happily married  man now.
  (sniggers)
  That's my girl.
  -(dance music playing)  -(in russian accent) stay away  from my husband, whore!
  (gasps)
  Chuck: She's not the brightest  bulb in the chandelier, but  she is a former gymnast.
  Power tumbler.
  When your wife found out you  were sleeping with sasha, was  she mad enough to kill her?
  (laughs nervously)  okay, sasha and i bumped  uglies a couple times,
  But i'm not the first guy  to have a little hate bang  on the side.
  No, but you're a guy with an  angry wife and a dead lover.
  You think oksana is  this chattanooga chick?
  She's a mail-order bride.  She speaks maybe  50 words of english.
  The woman could barely order  a cup of coffee, let alone  fake a southern accent!
  Where were you yesterday  between 9:30 and 9:45?
  Talking about ambidextrous  hookers on the radio.
  It's a public service piece  i like to do.
  If you'll excuse me,  i've got 42 seconds to take  a leak before the news.
  For what it's worth,  i don't think his wife  could've passed for
  Cheated on in chattanooga.  Maybe "cheated on  in chechnya."
  That doesn't mean  she didn't kill her.  I'll check her out.
  (sighs)
  Where's a vat of bleach  when you need one?
  Corinne: Hello?
  So you missed our lunch date.
  Things have been  kind of crazy,
  But i'll make it up to you,  okay?
  Oh, my god. Major, what  happened to your face?
  It's a long story.
  I... I broke into a guy's car.
  Then the cops put me in a cell  with these bikers and...
  -Whatever, you know,  it, it doesn't matter.  -It does matter!
  Why are you looking  at pictures of brains?
  You know what?  Don't even answer that.
  This is so not  what i signed up for.
  -Look, i, i know i've been...  -You keep getting into fights.
  You just got arrested. You  are in a running battle with  someone known as the candyman?
  What the hell?  You were the dream combination  of superhot but funny
  And now you're like some  whackjob who doesn't  shower enough.
  -If you give me  a second to explain...  -You should get some help.
  I take it game night's off?
  (door slams)
  Enter the hero.
  -Why so glum, chum?  -I can't do this anymore.
  Moving those kids' bodies,  it was too much.
  Emotionally, or...  Because physically,  it shouldn't've been that bad.
  -How heavy are bones?  -Damn it, you listen to me!
  You're not even trying  to be careful anymore.
  The bodies are piling up,  and you just expect me  to make them disappear.
  What part of "me having you  by the short and curlies"  don't you understand?
  I'm literally  your meal ticket.
  Oh, i understand that, but...
  What're you gonna do?  Hmm?
  Are you gonna mosey down to  the holding cell and pop open
  A couple of craniums a week  and hope nobody gets wise?
  Stop acting like you  have options and just do  what i tell you to do.
  There's a girl  in the m.E.'s office.
  Pale.
  Looks like she plays  for team z.
  Yeah, i know all about her.
  She has her own special role  in all this.
  It would've been nice  to get a heads-up.
  I'm sorry, dear. You know  how i struggle with my  communication skills.
  Now, run off and do your job.
  Protect and serve...
  Me.
  Sasha: The guy's a bully,  and you're just laying back  and taking it.
  Act like his bitch,  don't expect to be treated  like his girlfriend.
  Liv: Before this brain, my  advice-giving m.O. Was gentle.
  Sympathetic.
  Now i feel compelled  to fix people,
  To take them apart,  whether they want it or not.
  Sasha: Don't make me play it.  Caller: But he meditates now.  He's becoming a vegetarian.
 Sasha: You asked for it.  Tell her, miss lynch. Jane lynch: Bitch, get a clue!
  Bitch, get a clue!
  Sasha, i'm sorry! I was  gonna tell you, i swear!
  -Ahhh! Sasha!  -I don't want apologies!  I want loyalty!
  (gasps)
  Well, any time you mix  friendship and work,
  Things can get complicated,  but sasha and i were fine.
  Clive: So, you didn't mind  when she yelled at you  and threw things?
  -That was cool with you?  -You heard about the cupcakes.
  (gasps) yeah, sasha  could go a little psycho,
  -But that time  i had it coming.  -Why is that?
  She found out i was sending  tapes to other stations.
  I should've told her, but...  I don't know, i...
  We started as co-hosts,  and then sasha became  this big star
  And i became just  her producer which was  fine for a while, but...
  But you would've rather  been behind the mic.
  Anybody in radio says  differently, they're lying.
  -Did you get any offers?  -No. Mmm-mmm.
  It takes a special kind of  charisma to get people to tune  in and listen. Sasha had it.
  Judging by  my lack of offers...
  Well, i guess  we'll never know.
  Sasha was pretty angry  when she found out  you wanted to leave.
  Well, at first, and then  she got over it and started  fighting for a raise for me.
  To entice me to stay.
  Oh, we got those last cheated  audio files from archives  if you still want them.
  Please.
  Oyster shucking gloves.  Observe.
  -Ahhh!  -Ravi!
  -Voila. Chain mail  for the hand.  -Enjoy hell.
  Have you seen major today?
  I missed a call from him  yesterday and i haven't  heard back.
  Oh, you... He's fine.
  Well, he's got some stuff  going on, romantically.
  There was a break-up.  In that, corinne dumped him.
  Major doesn't get dumped.  There are literally
  Two reasons to end  a relationship with major,  zombie-ism and full-on death.
  -Wait, you don't  think corinne...  -Is now a zombie?
  Seems unlikely.
  Speaking of roommates, have  you spoken with peyton yet?
  Wow. All roads lead to rome  with you lately, huh?
  I think you need  to ask yourself why  you're so interested in her.
  I don't know. Just saw  her in action briefly.  She was quite fiery.
  And you like them fiery.  Someone kind of hard to get,
  Maybe a little complicated.  You want to have  to put in some work.
  -I don't shy away  from a challenge.  -Of course you don't.
  Because then there's  the potential to win.
  To rewrite history,  be the conqueror.
  Wait, no, uh...
  What history am i rewriting?
  I don't know which parent  was distant and made you  work for affection.
  Are you shrinking me?
  I'm just pointing out  obvious behavior
  That could potentially  lead to you being hurt.
  Okay, i guess  i'm shrinking you,
  But you really do need  to learn from the past  and not try to relive it.
  I can't help it. I'm filled  to the brim with insight.
  Oh, that's what  you're full of?
  Just find out if she's  dating anyone, okay?
  I live to enable.
  Liv: Fun fact of zombie-ism:
  Knowing you're being affected  by the brain you just ate
  Doesn't always stop you  from acting on its impulses.
  Major?
  I can see your mopey shadow.  Let me in.
  Someone needs to tell you  that self-sabotaging  is not the answer.
  You're allowed to be happy.
  Oh, major.  Who did this to you?
  I can't talk about fight club.
  -Crap.  -I want to know what happened!
  Would you believe  shark attack?
  Did you go to  the skate park again?
  Rough night in jail.
  Turns out the police take  umbrage when you accuse  them of negligence.
  You were in jail?  Why didn't you...
  You did call me. You called me  from jail and i didn't answer.
  It's fine, really.  I'm glad you're here now.
  (sighs)
  You made it on  the police blotter?
  One of the kids at helton  shelter brought that into  a group session this morning.
  Unfortunately, my bosses  weren't nearly as impressed
  With my "street cred"  as this kid was,
  So if you hear of anyone  looking for a youth counselor
  -With a rap sheet...  -They fired you.
  -Major, i'm so sorry.  -Look at me.
  (scoffs) i didn't  give them much choice.
  I need to talk to you  about something.
  I think you're the only one  who might listen to me.
  Of course.
  Those people in the woods  didn't kill jerome and eddie.
  All right?  It was a drug dealer  named julien dupont.
  The guy the kids call  "the candyman."
  They found their remains  at the house.
  Look, i'm telling you it  wasn't them, all right?
  This dupont guy was  wearing jerome's shoes.
  He, he practically admitted  to killing him.
  The police, they're covering  this up. Now,  don't ask me why.
  -The dna was verified.  -Just listen, please.
  All right? I saw something  in the candyman's car
  And it's gonna sound crazy,  all right?
  -But i know what i saw.  -Okay.
  There was an ice chest  in the passenger seat.
  It had a brain inside.
  A human brain.  I'm sure of it.
  -You think i'm crazy.  -No!
  It's just that
  If the man worked  for a butcher shop  like he told the police,
  Then it seems logical  the brains came  from an animal.
  No, no, no. I've been  looking at pictures of human  and cow brains for hours,
  And yes, i know how crazy  that sounds, but, liv,
  A cow's brain  is baseball-sized.  That's not what this was!
  I need someone to believe me.
  I'd feel so much better  if that someone was you.
  I know how close you  and jerome were,
  How responsible  you felt for him.
  I think you holding on  to this case is a way  of you holding on to him.
  You're right.
  I don't want you to be,  but you are.
  I know it's not  easy to let go.
  I've... I've got to get  my act together
  'cause this...  This isn't who i am.
  You know, if i'm gonna get  into a fight with  a biker gang,
  It should be because  i accidentally knocked over
  A row of their hogs  outside a dive bar.
  (clicks tongue)
  Just promise me that you'll  back off from this julien guy.
  I promise.
  You're a good friend, liv.
  Liv: Every time major  calls me his friend, i ache.
  I miss the "girl" modifier,  but the truth is,
  We were practically besties  from the moment we met.
  That's why we were  so great together.
  Underneath all the love  and the desire to tear  each other's clothes off,
  Was the person  i wanted to share  every detail of my life with.
  Without that, it's not really  even a relationship, is it?
  Is this just sex?  Is that who you are?  A zombie booty call?
  Sorry. I instinctively  take off my shirt every time  someone knocks at the door.
  What are we doing?
  I just finished  dyeing my roots.
  We can't all pull off  the ethereal tinker bell look.
  I'm not sure what you're  up to, but it seems  to involve spiraling.
  We're not friends. Shouldn't  friendship be the foundation  of a relationship?
  It should be the foundation  of year two of a relationship  and beyond, but right now,
  What i really wanna do is  spend epic amounts of time
  Naked with you,  and the friendship will come.
  Would we even be together  if we weren't both zombies?
  Probably not.
  My world was the music scene,  you were an er doctor.
  I suppose i could've od'd,  would have been  a hell of a meet-cute,
  But what does it matter?  Because
  Here we are.  Zombies together.
  It matters.
  It doesn't.
  We have nothing in common  other than being half-dead.
  -That's not the basis  of a healthy relationship.  -I have a feeling
  That the woman whose  brain you ate
  Never had a healthy  relationship in her life.
  How do you know  it was a woman?
  She's exhausting.
  I thought that being  a relationship and sex expert  might be a little fun, but...
  Sorry, excuse me.
  A what expert?
  (liv chuckles)
  -Ohhh!  -(kissing)
  (breathing heavily)
  -(chuckles)  -(breathing heavily)
  -(panting)  -sasha: Play it again, sam.
  (gasps)
  Sam?
  Guy you're secretly  pretending i am, or a vision?
  A vision. A clue.
  Then where were we?
  So, who's the guy?
  -Hmm?  -Lowell tracey.
  Oh? Broody musician.
  Not your usual type.
  But, you know, you're not  the usual liv, are you?
  You're looking at  the new normal, sister.
  Well, if you're happy,  i'm happy for you.
  -Even though i still think you  belong with someone else.  -Enough about me.
  Who have you been  sailing with lately and  how big is his boat?
  (chuckles) wow.  A size joke, really?
  Oh, gosh,  you've changed. Um...
  Actually,  the harbor is empty.
  I mean, there's this startup  guy alex who keeps calling,
  And i'm supposed to meet up  with paolo when the sounders  get back from germany.
  Shannon hargens still asks me  out every time i kick his ass  in court. (chuckles)
  Honestly though, i would  rather kick ass in court  than see any of them.
  Sasha: Give a guy  some direction.
  If you're too shy to tell him  where he can and can't put it,
  You can't complain if it goes  where you don't want it to go.
  What's up?
  We've been in here for  an hour and 41 minutes.  Do i really have to ask again?
  Is she or is she not  dating someone?
  A tech wunderkind,  a professional soccer player,
  And a future  supreme court justice.
  So she's still looking.
  Straight talk?
  I don't think  you and peyton work.
  True, you like a challenge  and peyton is certainly that,
  But she dates guys you'd find  in a "most eligible bachelors  on the planet" catalog,
  If such a thing existed.
  And you don't think i'd be  featured in the pages  of hunks quarterly?
  Ravi, she's a lawyer who looks  like victoria's secret model.
  Liv, i'm a tall doctor  with fantastic hair  and a british accent.
  But to hear you tell it,  she's out of my league.
  I mean, i don't even  need to be this attractive.
  It's just icing.
  Besides, peyton and i,
  We had a moment.
  I'm sure that's how it seemed,  but i've known peyton  since college,
  And literally, every man  who's ever met her thought  that they had a moment.
  I've been a witness to all  those poor guys who  liked a challenge.
  I've watched them approach  her table, full of hope. I've  seen her turn them into dust.
  She's been asked out  so much, she doesn't  bother with niceties.
  -Just trying to help.  -Thank you.
  You know, i, uh...
  I rescind all inquiries  into the subject.
  You know, i'm a grown man  who knows a moment  when he experiences one.
  Oh, and my "distant parents"?
  They're fairly certain  i put the moon in the sky.
  This brain you're on?  She's a bit of an ass.
  Thanks for the straight talk.
  Liv: The good thing about  being forced to listen to  hours of a relationship show?
  It cuts down on the awkward  silence after you've just done
  Possible irreparable damage  to a relationship of your own.
  Man: The blues?  Y'all come on down  to s'il vous plait beignet...
  Woman: (in southern accent)  it's high time you experience
  The warmth of our  southern hospitality.
  Man: Piping hot coffee...
  Chuck's mail-order gymnast  has an alibi.
  A dozen witnesses who saw her  at a "booty boot camp."
  -You look like you've  got something.  -Listen to this.
  It's a commercial  that ran last week
  During great morning sex.  I've got it cued up.
  Man: Got those  rainy day blues?
  Y'all come on down to  s'il vous plait, beignet...
  Woman: It's high time you  experience the warmth  of our southern hospitality.
  Man: Piping hot coffee...
  -That woman's voice...  -It's cheated on  in chattanooga!
  They should be able to  tell us at the radio station  who recorded it.
  Sorry. Radio. Where even  a memorial broadcast
  Comes with a deadline  and six commercial breaks.
  -Did those last  audio files help?  -Listen for yourself.
  Oh, my god. That's  cheated on in chattanooga.
  I should have  recognized the voice.
  So who recorded it?  An ad agency?
  Usually, but this time  it was kaley.
  -The assistant?  -She did the temp track.
  We mock ads up  to pitch new customers,  but kaley's southern accent
  Was so good,  the beignet people just kept  her in the finished product.
  -You don't think kaley...  -Do you know where  kaley is now?
  Uh, home, i guess.  It's her day off.
  (knocking at door)
  Detectives?
  What do you want?
  I don't know about him,  but i'd like to experience
  "the warmth of some  southern hospitality."
  Ms. Taylor, where were you at  the time of sasha's murder?
  I was on a coffee run  getting sasha's emergency  soy vanilla latte.
  You have a receipt? Can anyone  place you there? A barista?
  I was in the car,  on my way there,  listening to the show.
  When i heard the commotion,  i turned around  and i drove back.
  So at the time of the murder,  you say you were driving  around on an errand
  That you didn't complete,  during which no one saw you?
  That also gave you  plenty of time to call in as  cheated on in chattanooga.
  What? What...
  -What makes you think i...  -Man: Hey, babe.
  Everything okay?
  "play it again, sam."
  What makes us think you're  cheated on in chattanooga?
  We have a recording of you  doing a southern accent  in a commercial.
  The boys at the police lab  matched your voice  to the cheated calls.
  We also have an eyewitness  to the affair between  sasha and this man.
  You were discreet, huh?
  You had motive  and opportunity.
  You told the whole world  you were gonna murder sasha.
  I knew you were  never gonna let it go.
  Kaley taylor,  you're under arrest for  the murder of sasha arconi.
  Sam and i were going through  a rough time last year.
  He got drunk at a work party  and sasha seduced him.
  Cheated on in chattanooga  just seemed like a good way  to mess with her head,
  Get even, without  ruining my career.
  That's all it was.
  You didn't think anybody would  recognize the same fake accent  you used in the beignet ads?
  I'm from south carolina,  that "fake accent,"
  (in southern accent)  that's my real voice, y'all.
  And no, i didn't think anyone  was gonna remember an ad that
  Aired exactly once before  the bakery folded a year ago.
  The ad aired last week.  We've got it on tape.
  For a business that  doesn't exist?
  I highly doubt it.
  So when you found out  your husband and your boss  were having these trysts,
  You said nothing to her?  You just hatched  this elaborate plan?
  If i had confronted  sasha directly,
  She would have blackballed  me in the industry,  like she did to jane.
  Sasha blackballed jane?
  When she found out  jane was sending out tapes,
  Sasha ran her down to  the station managers in every  top 100 market in the country.
  Liv, she's right about  s'il vous plait, beignet.
  According to yelp, they  shut their doors last year.
  The only way that ad  gets on the recording  is if jane plants it there.
  She wanted us  to put it together.
  Sasha destroyed jane's career.
  Jane wanted to kill her.
  Kaley's on-air death threat  gave her the perfect  opportunity.
  -Where's jane now?  -At the station,
  Hosting sasha's  memorial broadcast.
  She's finally getting  her big break.
  Good evening and welcome.  I'm jane bowman.
  Tonight we'll be celebrating  the life and work
  Of sasha arconi,  who is gone too soon.
  Sasha made us a community.
  A mutual support system.  A sisterhood, linked  by one voice.
  I hope you'll stick  with me as i do
  My best to take the show  into its second decade.
  Give us a call here.  Let's get it all out there.
  Line one, you're on the air.  What are you going to  miss most about sasha?
  Caller 1: Everything,  'cause you suck.
  I know emotions are  running high, but let's try  to keep things positive.
  -Line two.  -(snoring loudly)  (hangs up)
  Jane: So, this must be how  substitute teachers feel.
  Looks like my tenure here  won't be quite as long  as i'd hoped,
  I'll leave you, her  adoring public, with this.
  Sasha didn't care  about our problems.
  Sasha cared about sasha.  During commercials,
  She'd laugh at the crazies  who called in.
  She slept with our boyfriends  and our husbands.
  And when i decided  i wanted to live my dream
  Of being in front of the mic  instead of behind it,
  She destroyed my chances  with every station manager  on the west coast.
  I was her biggest fan,  and she killed my dreams.
  Well, i hope there's  radio in hell and i hope  you're listening, sasha.
  -Because you can go...  -Jane bowman.
  You're under arrest for  the murder of sasha arconi.
  Any last words  for sasha's fans?
  Jane lynch:  Bitch, get a clue!
  -(shower running)  -i'm heading over  to lowell's place.
  -Peyton: Yeah, won't wait up.  -(shower stops)
  (cell phone ringing  and vibrating)
  Oh, ravi.
  Peyton: Hey, can you get that  for me? I'll be out in a sec.
  -Peyton's phone.  -Liv?
  Is, uh... (clears throat)  i'd like to speak to peyton.
  Hi, ravi. Yeah, i'll,  um, get her.
  -It's ravi.  -Who?
  (whispering) my boss,  from the morgue.
  (whispering)  oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  British guy.
  Hi.
  Liv: It's bad enough that i've  spent the past few days
  Dispensing the advice  of a hypocrite.
  If i don't get out of here  in the next three seconds,
  I'm gonna witness  a train wreck.
  Let this be a lesson.  Stay out of people's business.
  -Keep your advice to yourself.  -Hey, liv.
  Um, your boss just, uh...
  You should say yes.
  Is that weird for you?
  Do it.
  Um, yes. That...  That sounds great.
  Liv: Okay. So the pledge  to keep my advice  to myself didn't last long.
  Maybe i'm too reticent  on the advice front.  What would i say?
  Ravi, never  listen to me again.
  You are too selfless,  too wrapped up in saving me.
  Chill out. Slow and steady  wins the race.
  I can't have you  burning out.
  Argh! Argh!
  Liv: Because without you,
  I'm nothing.
  And, major,
  Don't lose sight  of who you are.
  You are sweetness  and light.
  That's who i fell  in love with,
  The next girl will  fall in love with.
  Don't pile tragedy  on tragedy.
  And what advice would you  give yourself, liv?
  -Would you even take it?  -(alarm beeping)
  How about trying to live  in the moment for once?
  Being grateful for  the simple pleasures.
  You don't need to know  why you feel good.
  Just enjoy the ride.
  Jerome!
  Settle down, jerome.
  It's not a long ride.
  (gasps)
  (breathing heavily)
  (elevator door opens)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 