Girl Meets Farm: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Girl Meets Farm 
 s2e8 - Healthy New Year - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Girl Meets Farm (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Healthy New Year - full transcript 
 Molly Yeh's sister-in-law, Anna, is visiting the farm with her new baby Cliff, and she's asked Auntie Molly to make her favorite healthy meal. Molly gets to work making Hummus with Meat All... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nick's sister  Anna is coming over with her new addition --  baby Cliff. He's 3 months old today. I'm making us a healthy lunch  to start the year off right. I'm putting together some  deliciously spiced ground beef to spread all over  some creamy hummus, and of course,  you can't indulge in hummus without some fresh pita, which I'll also use as a crunchy  topping for my colorful salad with a creamy tahini dressing. And to top it off,  some pretty fresh-mint cupcakes 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with cream cheese frosting. Oh, yah. Mmm! Hey!  This is me -- Molly Yeh. I'm a cookbook author  and food blogger. This is my husband, Nick. This is our new addition, and this is our home, our farm, on the North Dakota/  Minnesota border, the place where I eat, sleep,  and breathe food. These look like a party. My food is a delicious mix of  my Chinese and Jewish heritage and a taste of the Midwest. Nick's sister Anna is coming  for lunch today, and she's bringing her  little baby, Cliff. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I am making them  my mint cupcakes with cream cheese frosting. They are so fresh and moist, and they taste as bright  as they look. I'm gonna start by pureeing  some fresh mint, and this is not only gonna add  great minty flavor, it's also gonna make  these cupcakes bright green. So, I have about  a cup of it here. I'm adding a 1/4  of cold almond milk. Regular milk works  perfectly, too. It's important that  it stays cold because that'll help keep  the color extra bright green, and now I'm gonna blend it  so that it's really smooth. I don't want any little bits  of mint in there. It's really strongly minty. Okay, I'm gonna mix up  my dry ingredients. I'll grab 1 1/2 cup of flour, 1/2 a cup of almond meal, which is just ground-up almonds, 1 teaspoon of salt, 1 teaspoon of baking powder... ...and 1/4 teaspoon  of baking soda. This will make these  extra fluffy. Next, I'm gonna add  the zest of a lemon. I'll zest off the very top layer  of the lemon. I don't want to go too deep because that could taste bitter. I'll whisk these together, and I'll set this aside. Now, in my big bowl, I will combine 1 1/4 of sugar... ...3/4 cup of olive oil, and I love using olive oil  in this cake. It goes really well with mint  and almond and lemon, so it brings  all these flavors together. Seems like a lot of oil,  but it'll make it really moist. Gonna whisk this together  until it's combined. And now I'm gonna add  two large eggs. I'll whisk each one separately  to make sure that they get  completely combined. Okay, second egg. This is really smooth. I'm ready to add  some vanilla extract. These cupcakes are small,  but they pack a ton of flavor. Okay, I'm gonna add my dry  ingredients and the minty milk in alternating batches  into this big bowl. Okay, and I'm gonna mix  this most of the way. I don't have to worry about  getting this first batch of dry ingredients  combined completely because I am gonna continue  to whisk. What I don't want to do  is overmix my cake batter because that could lead  to a gummy cake. This is the fun part, when it turns the entire bowl  of batter bright green. And now I'm gonna add  the rest of my dry ingredients. And then I'll fill my cake tins. This batter bakes up easily  as a layer cake or as loaf cakes,  but today, I'm doing cupcakes because they're cute,  just like my nephew, Cliff, and I'll use my ice-cream scoop to fill them. It's just cleaner that way, and I'm filling them  3/4 of the way full, and when they bake, their bright  green tops will rise up. These are gonna bake at 350 until a toothpick comes out  of the center clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Now I'm ready  to get going on my pita. I like a thick, fluffy pita. This is gonna be  the perfect thing to have with my hummus  with meat all over it. I'll get 1 1/2 cups  of warm water, which I'll use  to proof my yeast. I like to make my own pita,  and I do it all the time. It's so easy. And then I'm gonna add  1 1/2 tablespoon of sugar. That'll help feed the yeast. It'll also add a slightly  sweet note to my pita. And now I'll add my yeast. I'll swirl this around  and let it sit for about 5 minutes  until it gets foamy on top. Meanwhile, I'll mix up  my dry ingredients. I'm using 2 cups of bread flour which has a slightly  higher protein level than all-purpose, and that'll make a chewier pita. But if you don't have  bread flour, all-purpose is totally fine, and I also like adding  a little bit of whole-wheat flour  for some nuttiness and also  so I can feel healthier, but if you just want to use  all white flour, that's fine. And then I'm gonna add  1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, and I'll whisk this to combine. Yeast is foamy and happy and ready  for the other ingredients. I'm gonna add  a few tablespoons of olive oil. This will make the bread moist  and also give it a tasty olive-oil flavor, and now I'm gonna gradually  whisk in my dry ingredients. Okay. I'm gonna grab a spatula. I'm gonna continue stirring this  with my spatula to combine, and once it forms  a shaggy dough, I'll turn it out onto my work  surface and knead by hand. My mixture has formed  a shaggy dough. I'll scrape it out  onto my counter. I'm gonna dust it with some  flour so that it doesn't stick, and then I'll knead it  for a few minutes until it's smooth  and slightly sticky. Kneading helps give the pita  a light, fluffy texture. I'm pressing it with the palm  of my hand, folding it over, giving it a turn  and doing it all over again. I know it's done when it's  smooth and slightly sticky. This is perfect.  I'll transfer it to a bowl. I'll drizzle in a little olive  oil so that it doesn't stick. I'll add my dough and zhuzh  it around and then flip it over so that it gets evenly coated  all over with olive oil, and then I'm gonna cover it  with plastic wrap, and I'll let this rise  in a draft-free place for 2 hours  or until it's doubled in size. Coming up, I'm getting the pita  ready for the oven. Then I'm setting some aside  to use in my pita salad with tahini dressing. My ideal salad is actually  a bowl of bread. Later, I'll make some  deliciously spiced ground beef to top some creamy hummus. Eating healthy  has never tasted so great. My pita dough is puffy  and looking great. I'll turn it out  onto my work surface. It's so soft.  Oh, my goodness. And now I'm gonna divide it  into 12 balls. And I'm just eyeballing this. Now I'll roll them into balls, and I do that by stretching  their top surface under and pinching at the bottom, almost as if I'm making  a dumpling, and that's just so they have  a smooth surface. And then I'll place them about  an inch apart, giving them more room to rise. These are looking good, and now I'm gonna tuck  them in for another little nap. That will maximize  their fluffiness. These have puffed up a bit, and now  they're ready to roll out. I'll dust my surface  with a little flour, and now I'm gonna roll  these out until they are  about 1/3rd of an inch thick. 1/4 inch is a little too thin. 1/2 an inch  is a little too thick, 1/3rd of an inch --  just perfect. And I'll get the rest  of these rolled out and transfer them  to my sheet pans... ...and when they're just  starting to brown after about 5 or so minutes,  that's when I take them out. Ah, they're so cute! These are perfectly puffy pitas,  and they smell like bread. Oh, they smell so good. Okay, so every time I make pita, I have to have one  immediately with butter. Okay.  Oh, it's still really hot. You can see that perfect pocket  in the middle. I am gonna slather you  with butter. This is, like,  the best bite ever. I could live on this. Mmm, oh, it's so good. My pita salad  with tahini dressing is packed with tons of colorful  veggies and loaded with pita that's crispy on the outside  and chewy on the inside. To start, I'm chopping up  my veggies -- half a purple onion, two thinly sliced radishes, dice two medium tomatoes  and one large cucumber, and then I'm running my knife  along the inside getting all these seeds out. It's kind of therapeutic  chopping all these vegetables, and I'll chop about 1/4 cup  of fresh mint. Now I'm gonna grab  some spinach. We'll get a few nice handfuls  into my bowl. Hmm, okay. And I'll add all the vegetables  to the top of the spinach. Mmm, this all smells  so fresh and good. I'm making it rain vegetables. Now I'm gonna season my  vegetables with salt and pepper to bring all the flavors  of those vegetables out... ...and then I'll toss  to combine. Now I'll make  my tahini dressing, which is hands down  my favorite dressing. I make it all the time. I'll grab my bowl, a lemon,  good smooth tahini, and I'm also adding some sumac, which has a lemony  almost vinegary flavor, and I love adding it to salad  dressings to brighten it up. I'm gonna start  with my tahini, which is a nutty sesame paste that's one of my  all-time favorite ingredients, and whenever  I'm making dressings, I always want to add  some water and lemon juice, and that makes it fluffy and just, like, the best,  smoothest dressing ever. So, I'm gonna eyeball  about a one-to-one ratio of water to tahini, and this is the type of thing  that I just adjust as I go. Not enough water will make  a consistency that's kind of frosting  or nut buttery, so I want to keep  going with this. It's gonna get paler in color  and fluffier in texture, and it'll actually thicken  before it thins out, so this is looking so nice. It's still on the thicker side,  but I'm adding lemon juice, so I have to also take that  into consideration. I'm gonna start with  the juice of half a lemon. All right.  This lemon is gonna cut right through  the richness of the tahini. I'm realizing right now  I'm making kind of a lot of it, but that's okay because  I just keep it in the fridge and use it all the time. Okay, so I'll add my sumac now, and this makes  it nice and speckly. I'm adding a few cloves  of garlic... ...and seasoning  with salt and pepper. Okay, I'll give it a taste. Mmm. It's so nutty and creamy. That sumac is punching through. I could eat this with a spoon. Coming up, I'll fry up  some of this pita to add a crunchy bite  to the salad. Then I'll get started on my  perfectly seasoned ground beef to top  some ultra-creamy hummus. My pita is going to be happy  to dunk in this. I'll finish off my mint cupcakes just before Anna and her cutest  little nugget arrive for lunch. Now I have to get on  to my favorite part, which is pan frying some pita. This is my version of a  Middle Eastern fattoush salad which is similar  to a panzanella salad in that it's heavy on the pita,  a.k.a. my ideal salad. I'm gonna add a good layer  of olive oil into my pan, and then I'm tearing my pita  into bite-size pieces and putting it directly  into the pan to fry, and I'm frying it  just for a few minutes until it's golden  and crispy on all sides, but I like it where the insides  are still soft and chewy. Okay, I'll use my tongs  to flip it and make sure it's getting crisp on all sides. And this salad is a salad  that I make when I'm dreading  having to eat a salad because there's so much  bread in it. My ideal salad... is actually  a bowl of bread, and I'm just frying these  for a few minutes, flipping them every so often until they're golden brown  on all sides. These are looking golden  and brown, and I can hear  that they're crisp when I tap my tongs  against them. These are ready to come out. I'll transfer them  to a paper towel to catch any excess oil. Mmm.  They smell so good and toasty. I'll season them with salt... ...and I'm gonna let these cool  before I add them to my salad. When I'm in the mood  to make hummus -- a big, hearty main course --  I put meat all over it. I'm using a beautifully spiced  ground beef, and I'm using the fruity  subtle heat of Aleppo pepper and a great combination  of warm spices. To start off, I'm gonna  chop up an onion. I'll finely chop this so that it  mixes in with that ground beef. I'll add a drizzle of olive oil  to my hot pan... ...and then I'll add my onions  and let them soften. I'll season them with some salt, and I'm gonna let these cook  for 5 to 7 minutes until they're soft  and translucent. These are looking good,  and now I'll add my spices. I'm gonna start  with the cumin. Mmm, which is really earthy  and kind of woodsy. Next I'll add some cinnamon which adds lovely warmth  and a subtle sweetness. A little bit of allspice will  just build on that warmth and some Aleppo pepper. I love how it brings together  all of these flavors. If you have trouble finding it, you could just add a few pinches of crushed red pepper  or smoked paprika. I've added all my spices. I'll mix them around  and let them toast to bring out their flavors, and then I'll be ready  for my beef. I'll add my ground beef  directly to the pan, and I'm gonna stir it up  to make sure it gets all of those spices mixed in. I'm breaking up the meat  with my spoon to make sure it gets crumbly  and browned all over. I want it to be broken up  into little pieces to make it easiest  to scoop up with a pita. While this cooks, I'll grab  my hummus and my toppings. I've got some pomegranate seeds, some buttery pine nuts  for nuttiness, and I'm gonna chop up  some parsley just to add a pop  of green on top. Okay.  I'll check on the meat. My ground beef is looking  good and nicely browned. I'll take it off the heat, and now I'm gonna add  some lemon juice to balance out  all that warmth. And now,  I'll put everything together. I'll add a few good plops  of hummus into my bowl, and this is just my tried  and true recipe, and now I'm gonna do a swoop to create a well  to catch my beef. Okay, I have a perfect spot  for the meat. I'll use a slotted spoon to drain the meat of any juices. Okay. Now I'm ready for the rest  of my toppings. I think a drizzle of olive oil  around the edges would look nice... ...just for that flavor. And some pomegranate seeds. I love how bright and colorful  these are, and they add an unexpected  hit of sweetness. And now  some buttery pine nuts. I love pine -- Oh, they  smell... so good. I'll finish it with  a little parsley. It'll add some freshness  and just complete the look. And this is a pretty bowl  of hummus with meat all over it,  if I do say so myself. My pita is going to be happy  to dunk in this. Still to come, I'm topping  my mint cupcakes with some cream cheese frosting  and crushed pistachios. YOLO. Then it's time for  a deliciously healthy lunch. Mmm, they smell  minty and cakey. They've domed beautifully, and they're lightly browned  around the edges. The color's gonna be even  brighter when I bite into them. I'm gonna let these cool and then make  my cream cheese frosting. I'm starting  with softened butter and softened cream cheese, and I'll mix these up to combine  and get them creamy. Now I'll add my powdered sugar. Most of the time  when I make frosting, I just kind of go to taste, and I don't really measure  things precisely. With these cupcakes and  this frosting in particular, I don't want it  to be too sweet. I'll start slowly  with the mixer. I don't want the powdered sugar  to fly everywhere, and I'm gonna mix this in  until it's combined. Now I'm gonna flavor it  with some vanilla extract and then a little bit  of almond extract. Just a tiny bit  will do the trick, and then I'm also gonna add  a pinch of salt because saltiness  is good with sweet, and then I'll mix this up,  and then I'll be done. So, this is ready to go. I'll scrape it into  my piping bag and then get this  on the cupcakes. Now I'll fold these sides up. I'll squeeze it down to the end,  and I am ready to pipe. I'll squeeze firmly and evenly,  releasing at the top to get a nice, smooth,  round dome like that. I like about a one-to-two ratio  of frosting to cake... ...which is a lot,  but YOLO. You can leave them like this,  but I like to add a little something crunchy  on top, so I'm gonna roll these  in crushed pistachios. All right.  These are ready to go. My sister-in-law  is gonna love these, but I also want to taste one to make sure that  they're okay for her first. The salad is just a lot  of vegetables with pita croutons  on top of it. Are you ready for lunch? -He's ready.  -Okay. He's hungry. All right,  so here is some pita... - Yum. Yep!  -...for the hummus. Do you want to go  to Auntie Molly? -Come to me.  -Say hi. Hello! This is hummus with spiced beef  on top of it. This is so tasty. I also made cupcakes.  What?! They're fresh mint cupcakes with cream cheese  frosting and pistachios. -Oh, my goodness.  -And they're mini. I love the crunch from the pistachios. Say, "Thank you so much,  Aunt Molly." Yeah. I heard it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 