Girl Meets Farm: Season 4, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Girl Meets Farm 
 s4e7 - Halloween - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Girl Meets Farm (2018–…): Season 4, Episode 7 - Halloween - full transcript 
 Molly Yeh is hosting a Halloween party for all her friends and their little monsters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Molly: My college buddies  are visiting the farm, so I'm making  a middle eastern feast. The food is as colorful  as the personalities. All: To falafel night! Starting with my crispy falafel  and a creamy homemade labneh with olive oil and za'atar. The olive oil looks so bright  on top of the labneh. A healthy cauliflower  tabbouleh salad. And for dessert, fudge-y  turkish coffee brownies... These are looking so fun! ...And a pitcher of refreshing  frozen mint lemonade. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [ laughter ] oh, yeah. Mm. Hey, this is me, molly yeh. I'm a cookbook author  and food blogger. This is my husband, nick, this is our new addition,  and this is our home, our farm on the north dakota,  minnesota border, the place where I eat,  sleep, and breathe food. These look like a party. My food is a delicious mix of  my chinese and jewish heritage and a taste of the midwest. ♪♪ my friends from college  are in town for falafel night, and I am working up  a delicious menu. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 For dessert, I am making  my turkish coffee brownies that are rich and fudge-y and have the perfect combination  of chocolate, cardamom, and coffee. To get started,  I'm toasting up some walnuts. Anytime you add nuts  to a brownie, you're gonna want  to toast them first to bring out their flavor. These are looking great. They've been in my pan  for a few minutes now, and they've gotten  lightly browned, and now,  I'll just coarsely chop them. I want some nice bigger bits. Now I'll set these aside  while I whip up my batter. In my big bowl here, I'll combine my dry ingredients. 1/2 a cup of all-purpose flour,  a cup of sugar, and 1/3 of a cup  of unsweetened cocoa powder. ♪♪ and then I'll add 2 teaspoons  of instant espresso powder. ♪♪ this will wake us right up. And then 1/4 teaspoon of  kosher salt and baking powder. The thing I love most about  turkish coffee is the warm spices  that are often added to it, so I'm gonna add some cinnamon  and cardamom to my brownies. Cinnamon is so nice  with chocolate, and cardamom just adds a really  nice floral, woodsy element. Okay, I've got  my dry ingredients. I'll whisk this to combine. So my friends  are coming to town. They're old college buddies. We went to music  school together. My friend, maria,  is a violinist, and bryan is  another percussionist like me. Okay, my dry ingredients  are combined. I'm getting a nice  whiff of that cocoa, and now I'm gonna mix up  my wet ingredients. ♪♪ I have two large eggs here, and I like starting with  my eggs first in case there's any shell  that gets in them. It's easier to fish out  when it's just the eggs. And then I have 1/2 a cup of  melted butter here that has cooled slightly.  I don't want it to be too hot. Otherwise, it'll cook my eggs. And a teaspoon  of vanilla extract. This is such an easy batter, and easiness does not equal  a lack of fanciness because the cardamom and the cinnamon  in these brownies just takes them  to a whole nother level. ♪♪ I'll add my wet ingredients  to my dry ingredients and whisk to combine, and this is a great  simple brownie recipe that you can add  different flavors to and kind of, like,  make your own. So, my mom, she often adds  peppermint schnapps to the glaze to make them  chocolate mint brownies. Okay, and now I'll fold  in my walnuts. You can use any nut in these. You could even  just skip the nuts. I love that I don't need to pull out my stand mixer for brownies. All right.  Now I'll grab my pan. I've prepared my pan  by greasing it and lining it  with parchment paper. Greasing it first helps  the parchment paper stick, and I also like allowing little  wings to come up on the sides so that I can use  these parchment wings to lift the brownies up out  of the pan after they've baked. I'll just dump my batter  right into my pan. This is an 8x8-inch. Mm. I'm smelling the coffee. I'm smelling the chocolate. I'll spread out my batter. ♪♪ okay. Now these are gonna bake at 350 for about 25 minutes  until the center is set. ♪♪ ♪♪ these are looking so good. I love that I could see  the walnuts, and I'm smelling those spices. Okay,  I'm gonna let these cool now while I make my chocolate  coffee glaze. I'll start with a cup  of powdered sugar... ♪♪ 3 tablespoons  of cocoa powder... ♪♪ a pinch of kosher salt, and then I'm also gonna add  some cardamom to the glaze as well in addition  to the brownies. Just a little bit  goes a long way. And then I'm gonna add  3 tablespoons of melted butter, a tablespoon of coffee, and it could be  freshly brewed or cold. We've got to have coffee  in the glaze and the brownies. And a tablespoon of honey  will make this glaze glossy. ♪♪ and then just a splash  of vanilla. And I'll whisk until  it's smooth. This is a great glaze, doesn't  have to just go on brownies. It could go on donuts,  on cakes. You could just take shots  of it alone. Okay, this consistency  is perfect. ♪♪ my brownies have cooled, and they're ready for the glaze. This is such a nice  thick glossy glaze. Mm. Get this away from me. Okay, now I'll spread this  all over the brownies. Oh, yeah.  That's beautiful. I think my swoops  are looking good. They just need one more thing. I'm now gonna bedazzle  my brownies with rainbow chips. ♪♪ these are looking so fun. So nick is actually in the shop  right now, and he's building a lazy  susan table for the party. And I'll put all sorts  of little dishes out so that people  can help themselves. It's gonna be really cool. Once this glaze is set, I'll slice them  into perfect squares, and I'm gonna go see how nick  is coming along with his table. ♪♪ ♪♪ -hello!  -Hey. Is this it? This is the lazy susan. This is amazing. I mean, what are these? Well, I wanted to make sure that everything would fit  for your feast. Uh-huh. This is so cute! Okay, so the tabbouleh should go in the middle.  Of course. And then we'll do the falafel  and the labneh. It needs some more work,  though. Okay. So I think I'll probably  get cracking. All right, and I'm gonna  keep on cooking.  All right. -Bye!  -I'll see you. Molly: Coming up, I'm frying up  some extra crispy falafel that's loaded with flavor. Look how good this looks. Then I'm putting together  my bright and fresh cauliflower tabbouleh  salad that's packed with herbs. ♪♪ ♪♪ well, you can't have  falafel night without falafel, and my falafel  has to be three things. One, it's got to be  fiercely coriander-y. Two, it's got to be loaded  with fresh herbs. And three, it has to be  extra crispy. To get started, I'm toasting  up coriander seeds, and I'm gonna add  some cumin seeds. And I'm just toasting these  for a few minutes until they start to smell  really good and fragrant. And I love the way  the coriander adds a nice, citrusy, floral flavor,  and cumin is super pungent, and they're also gonna add some nice texture  to the falafel. Mm. Okay, I'm starting  to smell that. I'm gonna turn off my heat, and then I'm gonna transfer  them to my spice grinder. And I'm gonna pulse this  a couple of times just to get them  coarsely ground. ♪♪ oh! It smells so good.  It's so strong. So I'll grab these  and also my chickpeas. This is a cup of  dried chickpeas that I've soaked  in cold water over night. It's important to do this step  and not use canned chickpeas because canned chickpeas  tend to get a little too mushy in falafel and can make  the falafel fall apart. So I'm gonna dump  my chickpeas into my food processor, and then  I'll also add my spices. I'll toss in two cloves  of garlic, and then  I'll chop up my onion. And I just need to give this  a rough chop because it will get chopped up  more in my food processor. So in college,  there was this falafel stand. All my friends and I  would go on fridays. We would have food  stand fridays, and their falafel had  so much coriander in it. I would get these big balls of falafel on a huge bed of rice and drizzle it with hot sauce  and white sauce, and it was the best  Friday tradition. I can't wait to relive it  when my friends come here. Next, I'm gonna add  some fresh herbs. I've got some parsley  and cilantro here, and I'll just tear these  right into my processor. And it's okay if some of  the stems get in here as well. It will all get blended up. Okay, next, let me grab  some spices. I've got crushed red pepper,  which will add a bit of heat. I'll just add a pinch of this. And then I like adding  the slightest bit of cinnamon. It doesn't make the falafel  taste cinnamony. It just warms it right up  and complements the other spices  that are in here already. I'm also gonna add  2 tablespoons of flour which will help  the falafel bind together. I'll season with a teaspoon  of kosher salt and a few turns  of black pepper. And then I'm gonna add  a 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda and a squeeze of lemon juice, and those will interact to make  the falafel a little fluffy. ♪♪ the lemon and the baking soda  are already foaming up. Okay, now I'm gonna  pulse this about 80 to 100 times  until it's gravy. ♪♪ oh, it's so pungent  from the cumin. All right, I'm gonna make  my patties now. I'm gonna grab my scooper, and I'm gonna use this  to form little patties. I love this green color. It's super earth-y. Pack them lightly. I don't want to pack them  too firmly. Otherwise, they'll be dense, and then I'll just  flatten them slightly so that you have nice,  round patties like that. And I'll keep going with  the rest of my mixture now. These patties look great. I've got a 1/4 inch  of flavorless oil that I've heated in my pan  until shimmering, and now I'm gonna fry  my patties for about two minutes  on each side until they're golden  and crispy. And I'm gonna fry  these in batches. I don't want to overcrowd my pan because if I do, it could lower  the temperature of the oil, and then it'll actually make  the falafel taste oily. And when the falafel  is sizzling, that's how I know  my oil is hot. ♪♪ you could deep-fry these,  but I prefer to pan fry them in a thick layer of oil. It's just a little bit  more low maintenance that way. These are looking beautiful. They're bubbly around the edges. Let me check to see  if they are... Yep. Oh, yeah. These are getting golden brown  on the bottom, so I'm gonna flip them  and cook them for another few minutes  on the other side now. ♪♪ they look delicious  and crispy. I'm gonna transfer them now  to a wire rack so that any excess oil  can drip off. And I like to use a wire rack  instead of a paper towel because it helps  keep them crispy. ♪♪ I love this golden brown color, and I can see little bits of green poking through as well. And while they're still hot, I'll season them  with a little salt. Well, I have to sneak a taste. Mmm. Look how good this looks. The shell is so crispy, and the innards  are perfectly spiced. I'm definitely keeping  the part of the table with the falafel closest to me. Next, I've got a fresh spin  on tabbouleh that's as healthy  as it is delicious. This is gonna be the perfect  side dish to my falafel. ♪♪ my college friends  are visiting the farm, and I'm making  some of my middle eastern favorites for a falafel night  spectacular. I have a unique spin  on tabbouleh salad that is vibrant,  crisp, and fresh. I'm gonna start by ricing  some cauliflower, and tabbouleh salad is typically  made with bulgur wheat. But instead of that, I'm using this cauliflower rice, and this was a thing I started  doing one year on passover because you can't have wheat on  passover, and it was so good. The cauliflower just  kind of soaks up all the flavors  of the vegetables and the herbs that typically  go in tabbouleh, and it makes me feel better  about eating the whole bowl because cauliflower  is good for you. All right. Now, you can buy cauliflower  riced already, or you can save money  and rice it yourself easily with a box grater. And you get what looks  like rice. I've got my cauliflower rice, and now I'm gonna quickly  saute it in some olive oil. This is really fast. I want to make sure not to  overcook my cauliflower. I'm not making  cauliflower mash. ♪♪ cauliflower rice is also  really good as fried rice. Now I'm just gonna cook this for a few minutes,  and while this cooks, I'll gather the rest  of my vegetables. I've got a few radishes,  some scallions, and persian cucumbers  here that I'll chop up. And I love these little  persian cucumbers. They're crisper and sweeter  than the big guys. They're gonna add  such nice crispness and a little bit  of sweetness to this salad. My cauliflower is getting  a little noisy. I'm gonna check on that. I think it's about ready  to remove from the heat. ♪♪ okay. Now, I'll continue chopping up  the rest of my vegetables. I've got six scallions here  that I'm gonna slice thinly. The colors on my table tonight  are gonna be gorgeous. I'm just dumping all of my  ingredients into my salad bowl. And now a few radishes  will add a nice peppery kick. ♪♪ I'm gonna add half  of a red onion, and now I'm gonna  add tons of herbs. Tabbouleh has to have  a lot of fresh herbs. I've got cilantro, parsley,  and mint in here. I'll just pile these right in. And now I'm gonna add  a little bit of heat with some crushed red pepper. And I'll season  with salt and pepper. ♪♪ and now this salad doesn't  really have a dressing. I'm just gonna add tons  of lemon juice and olive oil. And this is gonna add  so much nice brightness. So I'm adding the juice  of one lemon, and then I'm gonna eyeball  about a 1/4 cup of olive oil. It doesn't need to be exact. Now, I'll toss it all together. Oh, it's so fun to see all of  these colors blend together and get really pretty. Okay, let me sneak a taste. ♪♪ mm. I just love the way the lemon  and the olive oil coat all the vegetables and really  make their flavor shine. This is gonna be the perfect  side dish to my falafel. ♪♪ [ horn honks ] ♪♪ one thing I love  about middle eastern food is all of the contrasts,  the flavors, and textures. I've got my crispy falafel,  bright tabbouleh, and now I need  something cool and creamy. That's where labneh comes in. Labneh is a thick  middle eastern yogurt like a silkier cream cheese that I love to slather  on all things. I made this easily yesterday  with a quart of full-fat greek yogurt, and I stirred in a squeeze  of lemon juice, a good pinch of kosher salt,  stirred it up, and then dumped it into  a cheesecloth lined strainer set over a bowl, and I stuck it in my fridge  overnight to let it thicken. Now it's super thick  and spreadable, and it's really thickened up. I love just setting it out  as a dip with some olive oil and za'atar,  so I'm gonna do just that. I'll dump this  into my serving bowl, and I'll just spread it around  to make it look nice. And this is gonna be great  with the hot falafel, or you can just dunk  a pita in it. It's so tangy and creamy  and delicious. Mmm! Oh, my god.  That's so good. All it needs is  a little olive oil. The olive oil looks so bright  on top of the labneh. And now I'm gonna  sprinkle it with some za'atar which is a spice mix  that's super earthy. It has dried thyme, sumac,  which is lemony, and some toasted  sesame seeds and salt. One dollop of this on falafel, and it's gonna be even better  than food stand fridays. Still to come, a tangy  and refreshing lemonade with an option  for an extra something special. I thought we would also  add tequila. It's a party already. And then,  let falafel night begin.  Wow. [ laughter ] [ laughter ] I thought I would get the help  from one of my dearest college friends, maria,  for my frozen mint lemonade. -I'm here to help.  -It's super refreshing. It's almost like  a fancy slushie. Mm-hmm. So we need a cup  of lemon juice. Got it. And I'm gonna get some water. ♪♪ so I've got a cup and a 1/2  of water here, and I'm gonna add  1/2 a cup of sugar. And then I'll also add  some mint into the blender. And that's gonna be  blended first because that takes longer  to blend up than the ice does. Now I'm gonna blend this up  until it's smooth. ♪♪ -whoa, yeah.  -Smells so good. All right.  Now I'm gonna zest a lemon in to add more lemony flavor. So maria and I  went to college together. Mm-hmm. And we bonded over our love  for good food -- yes. ...And also traveling. We went to europe together  during our senior year. Our euro trip! [ laughs ] I'm just glad we survived. Okay, so I'm gonna grab  some ice while maria finishes up  with the lemon juice. And I thought we would  also add tequila. Oh, yeah. You have to add tequila.  [ laughs ]  [ laughs ] okay, I'm adding 4 cups  of ice here. Do you want to grab  the tequila? Oh, yeah. Perfect! -I got it.  -All right. I'm gonna add  the lemon juice. And then, how much tequila  should we add? Eyeball it.  Just keep it going. I'll just err on the side  of a lot. [ laughs ] it's a party already. And now I'm just gonna blend this until it's a slushie. ♪♪ oh, I think I put enough  tequila in. [ laughs ] -did you?  -[ laughs ] okay.  So I'll pour this into glasses. That's so pretty. And then we'll do little sprigs  of fresh mint. Oh, yay! -Cheers.  -Cheers. -To college.  -To surviving. Mm. Mm-hmm. Getting, like, the sweet  and sourness and the refreshing mint. -Perfect.  -Okay. We've got to get this out  to the boys. Okay. I can't wait to show you  what nick built. All right. Let's go. ♪♪ -delicious.  -Yeah. Wow. Looks amazing. -I hope you're hungry.  -Oh, always. Maria:  Wait until you try the drink. To falafel night! All: To falafel night! Molly: Okay, dig in. -You got to go for the sauce.  -I'm getting to the sauce. Get all the sauces.  Are we ready to switch? -No. That way!  -No. This way. -No. This way.  -That way. -I want falafel.  -[ laughs ] oh, no! Oh, god. I like to stuff  my little pieces of pita. Molly: Mm. Okay, how does this compare  to food stand Friday? -This is way more enjoyable.  -Thank you! And we're sitting outside  in nature, instead of on a curb. [ laughter ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 