The Lies Within: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lies Within 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lies Within (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THIS DRAMA IS A WORK OF FICTION. ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES, ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGIONS, AND INCIDENTS IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS Hello. I'm Mun Jeong-beom, Commissioner General of Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency. I will now share the course of police investigation regarding the CEO of JQ Group, Jeong Sang-hun's disappearance and battery step by step. On March 7, we have discovered Jeong Sang-hun's first severed body part. Considering the gravity of the case, immediately after the incident, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we have set up the Investigation Headquarters in Songju where the incident took place by putting Seoul RIU in charge. The culprit has become more clever about his mode of operation day by day which continued to cause confusion during the police investigation. And last night, another body part was delivered to a newspaper agency. According to the autopsy result, it is confirmed that the body part belongs to the CEO of JQ, Jeong Sang-hun again. We have confirmed that it was extracted when he was still alive. We believe that there is a possibility that Jeong Sang-hun may still be alive. We will do everything in our power to identify the culprit as soon as we can and apprehend the culprit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who is it? Who? Who's doing this to him? Who? Who is it? Who... Meanwhile, Chairman Jeong Yeong-mun had collapsed after hearing the news. When the news broke out that he fainted, there was a sharp dive in JQ's stock price. It's been a day since the incident. However, JQ has not made any official statements regarding Chairman Jeong's health. Ms. Kim, how do you feel right now? Who do you think is behind this? Do you have anyone in mind? Did anyone hold a grudge against him? What will be the next body part and who will get it? Do you think that your husband is still alive? EYE I really can't be sure. Why not? Did you find any signs that he's dead? Well, not really. But I just thought perhaps, we should assume that, given the current situation. Even if he's alive, he must be a mess. When do you think the eye was extracted? Do you see that? It's just water. Plain water. Organs and eyes get decomposed first in corpses. But it was delivered in the water without any preservative agents. And it still hasn't decomposed. It was extracted 24 hours ago at max. It's been less than a day? Yes. I'm sure of it. The eye was extracted a day ago when he was alive. Is the suspect from the medical field? Why do you ask? The way it was extracted... It was well-executed. You've probably heard. This time, his eye was found. According to the medical examiner, the estimated time of the extraction is less than a day. Then, you can't be the culprit because you've been in our custody since yesterday. Right? How do you feel? Are you angry and sad as his friend? Or are you just happy and relieved to be off our suspect list? I'm really dying to know one thing from you. Do you think Jeong Sang-hun is still alive? No, let me rephrase it. Do you want him to be alive? -You can go home. -When Sang-hun was young, he got easily scared. One time, Sang-hun got hurt when we were playing together. He lost his pinky fingernail when it got stuck between the door. He kept crying about his fingernail for three days in a row. I actually got annoyed by it. I asked him later why he had cried so much. He said he was so scared. He must've thought his nail wouldn't grow ever again. I teased him about it for a long time. Whenever I was on the phone with him after he left for Germany, I asked if his nails were intact. I keep thinking about that day. Since the day he came to the orphanage, he cried in terror every night. I keep thinking about six-year-old Sang-hun. I don't care if you believe me or not. I want Sang-hun to come back alive. That's what I truly want. You're out. When I first heard that you were a suspect, I didn't want to believe it. I would've lost it if I had to suspect you too. I hoped that it wasn't you. I knew that it couldn't possibly be you. I thought I was wrong to have suspected you, but... But you weren't wrong. You looked like a different person. What happened to Jin Yeong-min I used to know? Which side is the real you? You really had nothing to do with Sang-hun's case? Shouldn't you at least try to explain it to me? If I do, will you believe me? You won't believe me whatever I say. Believe whatever you want. -Hey, she's here. -She's here. Hey, come with me now. Hurry. -Ms. Kim. -Ms. Kim. A word, please. -Please share a word with us. -We'd like to interview you. -Ms. Kim! -Hold on! -How do you feel now? -Wait. -Please do an interview with us. -Move back! -How do you feel right now? -Will you keep your position? -Did anyone hold a grudge against him? -Do you know who did it? -Do they have any suspects yet? -Please comment. -Anything you want to say to your husband? -Move. -What did the police tell you? -Will you give us an interview? -Any words for the press? -Ms. Kim! -Ms. Kim. -Ms. Kim! -Ms. Kim. -Just a word, please. At first, it was a hand. A foot was next. And this time, it's an eyeball. What's your take on the current case? I'm not sure if you remember the murder of a village supervisor in Jeonggyeong-ri in 1998. After Park, the village supervisor, had been murdered, his corpse was hanging under a tree at the entrance of the village. It was a gruesome case. Right after the arrest, this is the statement the culprit made about the motive. "I was going to reveal my crime at some point. That's why I left a message." What kind of message? When the culprit was arrested, he was only 19 years old. While growing up, the victim, Park, had sexually assaulted the culprit on multiple occasions. The culprit told that to other people in the village, but no one believed him. And the incident escalated his hostility against the whole village as well. In the end, the corpse was hanging under the tree at the entrance. The act of displaying the corpse was the message from the culprit. -Then, are you implying that -Why this agency? these cases are similar? Yes. These cases may seem as separate cases without anything in common, but I'm sure there must be a message from the culprit for this case as well. The culprit is trying to make a statement. We must be able to read the message. Who is it? Who is it? He's in the crowd. I must find him. I must find him. I can't see anything. I can't find him. What does this mean? "Zero, two, one, four. Zero, three, zero, three. Zero, three, zero, six." Why did he give me the note? "Zero, two, one, four. Zero, three, zero, three. Zero, three, zero, six." These numbers must mean something. March 3. March 3. That's the day Dad passed away. Third... Dad died on the 3rd. And Sang-hun was taken on the 6th. Zero, two, one, four. February 14th. What did I do on February 14th? CHOI SU-HYEON: ARE YOU DOING WELL? When the eyeball was delivered, I received this message. Who... Who sent this message? I'm looking into that as we speak. If this message... ARE YOU DOING WELL? ...was sent by the culprit, at least it means the culprit can't be from our side. Then, was Sang-hun's eyeball delivered to the newspaper agency... It cannot be a coincidence, sir. I'm sure it's because of the reporter, Ms. Choi. I am certain that someone is trying to dig up that incident. I'm well aware that you cherish Mr. Jeong very much. However, if you let the police investigate this further-- Are you asking me to give up on Sang-hun? Are you? If that incident surfaces, all the effort you and I have made will come to nothing. Do you think Mr. Jeong will be happy to have come back alive if he finds out JQ collapsed? Hey. I agree with him, sir. Tae-sik, can I ask you a question? Don't. Tae-sik, do you want Jeong Sang-hun to come back alive? -Or-- -Let's just drive in silence. He doesn't have a hand. He's missing a foot. And he can't see with one of his eyes. If he survives, that won't be living. Then, are you telling me that you'd rather have him dead? That's not it. Would I say this if things weren't this bad? Even if he comes back alive, I'd feel awful for Jeong Sang-hun and Ms. Kim Seo-hui. That's the cruelest way to torture someone. It doesn't matter how awful it is. His family must want him to come back alive. If you have time for that, think about how we can catch him. Okay. We must catch the culprit. I'm going to catch that crazy psychopath. I'll ask the culprit the reason behind this crazy act. I'd like to ask why the culprit is going this far, too. The culprit didn't ask for ransom money. Here's what I think. The culprit must be a lunatic who feels some kind of messed-up thrill whenever he cuts off a piece. I doubt that. The culprit is telling us a message with a definite agenda. If the culprit isn't a lunatic, and is doing this for some kind of agenda, that sounds scarier. What kind of agenda is enough to torture a man like this? I guess the culprit must want to achieve the agenda despite the trouble. BAREUN NEWS The delivery company said they didn't dispatch anyone for a parcel. Do you remember how the delivery man looked? I can't describe his face because he was wearing a helmet. He had an average build for a guy. But he was tall. He was wearing the courier uniform. -So you're saying he just looked ordinary? -Yes. How many times must he repeat himself? Stop bothering our rookie. We already made the statements to the other detective yesterday. You should ask that detective. Let us get back to our work. So there are 99 times left. Until we solve our case, we ask for statements all the time. I'd appreciate your cooperation. When you received the box yesterday, was there anything else in the box? Anything other than the eyeball? -Anything suspicious? -No, not really. Nothing was written for the sender and recipient. Only your department was written on it? Yes. It said our department on the box. And nothing was inside? Like a note or anything? No, nothing. Why the entertainment department of all? Does anyone here have connections to JQ or personally know Jeong Sang-hun? Or did anyone write an article about JQ or Jeong Sang-hun? This is the entertainment department. We don't cover current issues or politics. Why would we do that? Oh, right. We heard that Mr. Jeong and his wife were separated at the time. Isn't it because he had an affair? Isn't that true? -It was with a celebrity, right? -An actress? That is why the eyeball was sent to our department. Celebrity? Who? Actress? When he and his wife separated, I-- Thank you for your cooperation. Yes. They just left. Is that all? Did they ask about anything else? Okay. Let me know immediately if they come back again. They just left. Don't worry. I don't think they found anything here. Even if they come back, they won't find out more than what they did today. We blocked out everything including the articles and the e-mails. Please tell the chairman that it will not leak from our side. I think your concern should be directed somewhere else, not here. You don't need to worry about the police. The chairman will make a decision soon. Kim Seung-cheol's memorial service and Songju RMC. Up until now, the body parts were found at places Jeong Sang-hun had a connection to. With that being said, he must have something to do with the newspaper agency. Look at her. She's dozing off when her senior detective is driving. Tae-sik. Come on, can't you drive better? Isn't that Ms. Kim? At first, I thought Mr. Hong and Mr. In were behind this. Later, I even suspected Yeong-min. But now, I don't know who's behind this or why the culprit is doing this. His hand, foot, and eye this time. Do you really think the culprit left a message? Yes. Probably. I don't know what it is yet. What could it be? We must find out what the message is. I thought I sort of knew what it was about, but now, I'm completely lost. We have to find out what that is. What do you want? Can you help me? SEOUL POLICE AGENCY How's Songju? Isn't the air fresh there? Yes. I feel as if my lungs are getting cleansed. My gosh, stop exaggerating it. It's about the JQ Jeong Sang-hun's case. Where was it found this time? At the entertainment department of Bareun News. Why did that eyeball end up there? It's putting me in a tight spot. So listen. It's nothing serious. I guess there are some silly rumors because Jeong Sang-hun's eyeball was sent to the entertainment department. How is he doing? The guy who always follows you around. Remember that guy? I even awarded him a commendation. Yes. He's very talented. And he's strong-willed too. So you have been receiving these messages from the culprit all this time? But you didn't tell me anything about it at all. You're unbelievable. Why do you people keep things from us? You never give us straight answers. No. You even hide what you know. But you people ask me to find your husband, your son, and your friend. Why don't you just tell me what to do? Forget it. I can't work like this. This is beyond me. Good luck. Or he would have been killed. If I told anyone, he would be dead. How could I have told you? How could you not? This is crucial information. Why? Were you worried I'd tell people? You just couldn't trust me. You didn't trust me. No, Detective Jo. That's why I'm here. I'm telling you everything now. Do you think this has been easy for me? I did everything I was asked. But when his body parts were found, do you know how scared I was? That's why I'm here. I wanted to ask someone for help, and you were the only person I could think of. I will not repeat myself. We're looking for the same person. Let's not work separately. Zero, three, zero, three. Zero, three, zero, six. That's for Mr. Kim Seung-cheol? Yes. That's the date when he passed away. That's when Sang-hun went missing. If these numbers signify dates, this one must be a date, too. February 14th... That's before the incident. Is it some kind of anniversary? No. Did anything suspicious happen on this day? It doesn't have to be suspicious. Just tell me what you remember. I kept thinking about the date. I think that was the day. Sang-hun, wait. Hey! Sang-hun, what is going on? Are you seeing another woman? Let's talk another time. -What happened then? -Pardon? Where did Jeong Sang-hun go after that? You don't know? A threatening message. That's why. That's why the culprit cut him alive. He wanted Kim Seo-hui to believe that her husband was alive. Then, she'd comply with the demands. MARCH 6, YANGGYE MENTAL HOSPITAL Jeong Sang-hun. He's still alive. This person wanted Kim Seo-hui to become an assemblywoman. This person wanted to set up the new business in Songju. And this person wanted to take Jeong Sang-hun's seat. JEONG SANG-HUN'S DISAPPEARANCE Let's see which one of you is the culprit. KIM SEUNG-CHEOL'S DEATH, JEONG SANG-HUN'S DISAPPEARANCE WELCOME, MR. JEONG SANG-HUN SONGJU SEARCH: RECENT DESTINATIONS HUI-SUK'S TEAHOUSE February 14th. HANDONG FUNERAL HALL A funeral hall? Hey. Hey. When is the foundation day of Bareun News? -You have a computer there. -Hey. All right. It's February 3. When is the chairman's birthday? Why do you keep asking things like that? -Did you find out anything? -No. BAREUN NEWS FEBRUARY 14 FOR YOUTHS STARTING BUSINESS -February 14? -Yes. It was three months ago. I don't think we have the security camera footage. I'm sorry, but can I see the list of people whose funeral was held that day? That's... This is important. Please help. NATIONAL ASSEMBLY Please wait. I'm not sure whose funeral Sang-hun attended that day. Look. I checked the list, but there's no name I know. HANDONG FUNERAL HALL I thought it might be one of Father's acquaintances or people from work, but that wasn't the case. Why did he go there? I'm going to visit all the people on the list. -What's wrong, Detective Jo? -Nothing. I'll look into it too. As you said, I told the investigation team not to dig into Bareun News. In that case, it can't be helped that it will be more difficult to find your son. Are you going to give up on finding your son? No way. My people are also trying hard to find Sang-hun. I just need you to take care of things as I've asked. Okay. I'll be sure to do that. CHOI SU-HYEON'S SUICIDE CASE CHOI SU-HYEON'S SUICIDE CASE SEOUL METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY CHOI SU-HYEON, 34, FEMALE Choi Su-hyeon, 34 years old. A reporter for Bareun News. EVIDENCE NUMBER 1, B EVIDENCE NUMBER 6, E LIFE HAS BEEN SO PAINFUL THAT I HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO DO THIS. FORGIVE ME DEATH LEAP DUE TO DEPRESSION LIEUTENANT JO TAE-SIK I'm sorry I couldn't help you. It's okay. I'm the one who should apologize. CHOI SU-HYEON Right. It was February 14. That's... when she died. I'm sorry, but can you please check one thing? That day, did you see this man at the funeral? Honey. Come and take a look at this. This man... Isn't he that guy? There was a man who came late at night and cried a lot. He cried? I was out of my mind, so I couldn't ask how he knew her. But he was crying so much. I just assumed he was very close with Su-hyeon. It's him, right? When I saw him on the news, I wasn't sure. Did he say anything else? He said he was sorry. He just kept saying that. He just kept being like that without saying anything else. And he said he knew she wouldn't leave like that. He said he knew all that. The police says Su-hyeon took her own life after taking some pills, but that's not true. That can't be right. The night before she died, she called me and said she wanted to eat my food. She even told me she'd come the next day. But why... We asked the police to continue the investigation, but they wouldn't budge, saying there's no evidence. It's all water under the bridge. No, it's not. I still feel furious thinking about her. Ma'am... I mean, Ms. Kim. Please help us find out what happened to Su-hyeon. No one would listen to us. Please help us. Please help, Ms. Kim. Someone died in the place, so no one has moved in for months. I see. Thank you. Hey, I found some pills. Fluoxetine? IDENTIFICATION CARD I guess she'd been taking pills. -What about a prescription? -What? Is there a prescription for the pills? -I don't know. I'll look into it. -Gosh, what is her family going to do when she leaves just like that? -Dae-yong. -Yes? How long has it been since the accident? We came right away after the report, so it's been a couple of hours. What more is there to think about? We found her pills and suicide note. That's it. Darn. I can't believe this is your last case. There's no blood. You're lucky. Let's just go and have a drink. Okay. Let's go. Captain. Give me the pill bottle. Okay. Oh, right. Did you call Jin-gyeong? I was out of my mind, so I couldn't ask how he knew her. But he was crying so much. I just assumed he was very close with Su-hyeon. Gosh, you startled me. What are you doing here with the lights off? Darn it. What is going on? Is anything wrong? Dae-yong, do you remember Choi Su-hyeon? The woman who jumped off the rooftop of her apartment a few months ago. Do you remember? I guess she has something to do with this case. What are you talking about? Bareun News. Choi Su-hyeon was a reporter of the entertainment team there. What about it? And Jeong Sang-hun attended Choi Su-hyeon's funeral. How did they know each other? There wasn't his number in her call history. We will find it out after the investigation. Investigation? What? Are you going to reinvestigate the case? Think about it. We got the hand after Kim Seung-cheol died. And we got the foot after Kim Pil-yeon died. If this is a routine, the one thing we missed from the beginning is that they were murdered. Kim Seung-cheol's case wasn't an accident, and Kim Pil-yeon's wasn't a suicide. So the eye delivered means Choi Su-hyeon's case wasn't a suicide, but a murder. Tae-sik. Are you writing a novel or what? Choi Su-hyeon was suspended from work and received psychotherapy. We found antidepressant in her place, and you're the one who found her suicide note. Besides her family's claim, there's no evidence for murder. The pills. There was no prescription for them. I checked the report again. We didn't check the prescription. We didn't even investigate people around her. -What? -I remember seeing two cups in her sink. Right before Choi Su-hyeon died, she was with someone in her place. Okay. Fine. It's absurd, but let's say you're right. But it's been three months. What are you going to do about it now? We still have some evidence left. Choi Su-hyeon's body. -It's not cremated. -You crazy punk. Hey, Tae-sik. Will you cut me some slack? I'm the one who made the report for the case. If you poke around the case and find out something, you might just be disciplined, but I might be discharged. I know, but we can't just let this-- Hey, Tae-sik. You know I have five people in my family to support. If something goes wrong, my whole family will end up on the streets. Do me a favor. Will you just stay quiet? You know what I mean. Please. SEOUL METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY CHOI SU-HYEON, 34, FEMALE EVIDENCE So... what were you thinking when you messed with Mr. Jeong? I thought all the people from JQ were just like you. It turns out some of them had a conscience. And Mr. Jeong was one of them. The horrible things. How long did you think you could hide them? Did you actually think you could hide them to the end? Things like that are bound to be revealed in the end. You'll see. I'll be sure... to shout out the truth... until the end... CHOI SU-HYEON: ARE YOU DOING WELL? CHOI SU-HYEON CHOI SU-HYEON It's done. All the online traces of the target are deleted except the basic information. As you requested, I set up the system where you can get a message when someone searches the name online. Please check your email. One more thing. I'll send you a text message now. Find out who sent the message. CHOI SU-HYEON: ARE YOU DOING WELL? It was Choi Su-hyeon whom Sang-hun went to see. Choi Su-hyeon. She's a reporter for Bareun News. The number 0214 means the date she died. Perhaps, she might not have committed suicide. Her parents don't believe it. And... Sang-hun said she wouldn't die like that. The whole thing has been like that. My dad and Kim Pil-yeon. -She might not-- -I know. -What? -I investigated the case. I recalled it when I saw the list you gave me. Right before Assemblyman Kim passed away, I took care of the case. Then... The detective in charge was... Yes, it was me. Why did you close the case as suicide? Because it felt like a nuisance. Regardless of my situation back then, I do admit that I ignored it. Look into it again, then. You can reinvestigate the case. Are you scared? Because you might have actually made a mistake back then? I'm scared too. I keep finding out things about Sang-hun that I didn't know. But you see, I'll deal with anything if I can save Sang-hun. Whatever it is, I'll put up with it all. So please help me. Please reinvestigate the case from scratch. Look at me eating like a pig. You bastard, I can't believe you can eat now. What's going on? Why did you call? Are you still awake? Is something wrong? No, nothing's wrong. How are you feeling? Any better? I'm always the same, you know. Have you been eating well? Goodness, you ask me that question all the time. I'm not a kid. I should visit you and look after you. I keep saying that I will without actually doing it. Don't worry about me. Just do your job well. And look after your health. Whenever I see the news, I think... Gosh. What's this world turning into? Right? It's a crazy world. But... I can't blame everything on this crazy world anymore. Tae-sik, if it's too hard, just move back here. It's nice to know you've got my back. I'm okay though. I'll be fine. I have to be. Gosh, you should go to sleep now. All right. The investors are getting anxious because Mr. Jeong's case is blowing up. A few foreign investors have already backed out. They'll pass the bill in a few months. People equate the new business with Mr. Jeong. If his case remains unsolved, it'll continue to tarnish the new business' public image. Sir. At the moment, reassuring the investors should be our priority. Since the case was made public, our stock price has been dropping. With all due respect, sir, I think we now need to dissociate ourselves from Mr. Jeong and find a new face who can represent the new business, as soon as possible. NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT Are you serious? He has the most knowledge of almost everything that's happened, including Choi Su-hyeon's case, so we should make him the face of the business and not keep him behind-the-scenes. And we need someone who will take the fall just in case things go wrong. NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT I'll think about it. You can leave now. Tae-sik. Hey. Why did you want to see me? Why did you... You called him too? -You didn't get caught? -You mean, by Captain? You told me to sneak out, so I acted like I was taking a phone call. Well, what's going on? Why did you want us to meet you here? What is it? It's really embarrassing for me to ask you this, but I made a mistake a while ago, so I need to get it sorted out. -What? -Sorry? Come again? What did you say? Is he going to tell us next year or what? What did he say? Did something happen? Say it louder, one more time. What did you say? Tae-sik. Help me out. I'll make sure you guys won't be affected even if any problems arise, so help me out. Please, guys. Help you with what? Well... Captain! Captain. We received a tip. An anonymous tip about knowing where Jeong Sang-hun is. -What? -Tae-sik and Ho-gyu already left. We should hurry. -Hurry up. -Where are we going? YU DAE-YONG PASSWORD LOG IN TO ACCESS THE SYSTEM LOGGED IN SEOUL METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY LIEUTENANT JO TAE-SIK REQUEST FOR APPROVAL REQUEST SUBMITTED LOG IN TO ACCESS THE SYSTEM I feel like I'm doing more bad things after I joined the police force. CHOI SU-HYEON RESTS HERE Gosh, I knew it. Hey, I can't believe you thought the prank caller was actually giving us a tip. I'm sorry, Captain. I wanted to check it out just in case. But this time, I'm sure of it. Let's check one more place. -Where? -Well... It's only 2km away from here. I heard from the tipper again just now. He saw Jeong Sang-hun in the area. We should hurry. Hey, pull over. -Sorry? -I said, pull over. -Why? -Pull over! How dare you lie to my face? I'm sorry. REQUESTS TO BE APPROVED All right, I should double-check it one last time. "Choi Su-hyeon. Requesting a warrant for post-mortem examination." Written by Jo Tae-sik. Approved by Yu Dae-yong. Okay. I checked everything, right? APPROVE Here I go. REQUEST APPROVED REQUEST APPROVED UP TO YOU REQUEST APPROVED UP TO YOU REPORTER CHOI SU-HYEON SUICIDE BAREUN NEWS FEMALE REPORTER SUICIDE How come nothing's coming up? REPORTER CHOI SU-HYEON ARTICLE NOT FOUND ARTICLE NOT FOUND ARTICLE NOT FOUND What's going on? Everything's been deleted. Everything about Choi Su-hyeon has been deleted. THIS PAGE HAS BEEN DELETED I figured out where that text message came from. I think it's a burner phone using Choi Su-hyeon's old number. It was sent from Songju, near JQ. Hanrim Apartments. That's where Jeong Sang-hun's apartment is. What's going on? JIN YEONG-MIN APPOINTED TO CEO OF SONGJU JQ NEW BUSINESS Mr. Park, do you know anything about this? No. I guess I'm moving. JIN YEONG-MIN Su-hyeon, please. You heard what I said. I practically begged you. Why must you go to such great lengths to help Sang-hun? This won't change anything. Nothing can stop the new business. -So please-- -I will stop it. I'll do my best until the end. -What? -Yeong-min. Don't stay by Chairman Jeong's side. You should leave. Just pretend you don't know anything unless you're going to help us. Don't go. You shouldn't go up there. I'm sorry, Yeong-min. Hello. -Come on in. -Thank you. Could you show me the location? Well, just a moment. Oh, here. Have a look at this. It'll be around here. That's what I'm thinking. It's very close to the location I was looking into. -Really? -Yes. Then there must be a connection. The text message was sent from this apartment? Who's this bastard that pulled such a prank? Then you should've taken care of it in advance. I don't care what you do. Do whatever it takes to stop them. It seems like Detective Jo Tae-sik caused some trouble. Will you just sit back and watch? The news somehow reached you as quickly as it reached me. If the Choi Su-hyeon case is exposed, things can get very serious. Choi Su-hyeon... You're talking as if she was a complete stranger to you. I am responsible for making sure that the plan for the business is executed without any issues. I'm trying to find a way to do just that. Results are what matters. Bury the Choi Su-hyeon case no matter what. Do whatever it takes. Let's try to get along, Mr. Jin. No, my baby... Su-hyeon! My daughter, Su-hyeon. My gosh. Su-hyeon! Please... Su-hyeon. NATIONAL FORENSIC SERVICE Are you all right? How did it go? The direct cause was a depressed fracture in the cranium. It does seem like she died from the fall, but a drug was detected in her blood. -An antidepressant? -No. Gamma-hydroxybutyrate. GHB. GHB? The psychoactive drug? Yes. But no signs of rape were found. And the fact that the drug still remains in the blood means that she died within 20 minutes of ingesting it. Did you say she jumped off from the roof of a building? Yes. Judging from the amount of GHB, she must've lost her consciousness as soon as she ingested it. She wouldn't even have been able to move her fingers. -Then-- -Do you think she went up to the roof on her own in that state? It was a homicide, right? One thing I can say is that she must've had no idea what was happening. Whether she was taking her own life, or if she was being forced into it. Detective Jo. Are the higher-ups really okay with this? You even dug her grave to reinvestigate this case. They didn't object? Dae-yong. It was a homicide, right? Choi Su-hyeon was working on a story about JQ? I mean, she was a reporter. She must've backed up the file, don't you think? This time, I'll do it properly. I want to find him before it's too late. Tae-sik, we have a problem. It's only circumstantial. Don't drag them into it and waste time. But why has the culprit been telling me everything he did? Choi Su-hyeon's article will probably tell us the answer. It looks like that's what started all of this. Get started right away. Subtitle translation by Young-ju Kim 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 