The Lies Within: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Lies Within 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Lies Within (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THIS DRAMA IS A WORK OF FICTION. ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES, ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGIONS, AND INCIDENTS IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS Sang-hun. Sang-hun, look at me. Are you all right? Yeong-min. You came. Thank you. Thanks, Yeong-min. How's my father-in-law? Is he okay? He passed away. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Three days ago, in a car crash. I'm coming from his funeral. Father... died in a car accident? Does that make sense to you? What the hell did they do to him? Sang-hun, who did what? Tell me. What were you doing? -What? -What the heck were you doing until he ended up like that? I thought you'd help us. I want to help. That's why I came here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then... Let's get out of here. We'll go and see the chairman. What did you say? Let's meet him together and try to persuade him again. We're practically begging him. I'm sure he'll change his mind. I suppose you're not on my side. You're well aware of all the things that my dad has done to me. And what? We should persuade him? Sang-hun, let's go. Okay? Sang-hun! Jeong Sang-hun! JEALOUSY He got this in return for helping him. Apparently, he just let him use his phone and helped him escape through the rear exit. Then why did he run away? He saw the news and got scared, so he confessed everything to his uncle, Dr. Park. And Dr. Park told him that he should lie low, thinking he might take the rap for the whole thing. We thoroughly searched his motel room but found nothing related to Jeong. Jeez, this is nuts. What is going on, then? That punk isn't In Dong-gu's snitch. So Jeong Sang-hun walked out on his own and got abducted again or something? I wonder why. Why do you think he hid the fact that he spoke to Jeong Sang-hun? Sir. TEAM LEADER OF NEW BUSINESS Where did Mr. Jin go? Well, I haven't been able to reach him since the weekend. He's never done this before. Yes, the results are out. We've found a tire that matches the marks. YEONGWON CHILDREN'S HOME YEONGWON CHILDREN'S HOME What's the time, Mr. Wolf? What's the time, Mr. Wolf? I'm here! We went through all our records after receiving your call yesterday. -I see. -But we found nothing on him, which is strange. Pardon? What do you mean? This is a list of all the children we were looking after at the time. CHILD PROFILE Look. We found records on Jin Yeong-min, but nothing on Yu Eun-seong. Then do you remember anything about him by any chance? I wasn't here back then. Then, do you know if this person is still here? Sister Choi? She is still here, but she is volunteering abroad at the moment. She'll be back in a few days. Then please call me when she's back. Search every nook and cranny. We must find something. Go that way. KOREAN CRIME SCENE INVESTIGATION There's nothing. No traces of blood. There isn't a single strand of hair here. Darn it. Did this bastard clean the whole house and flee? Can you find out if he used bleach? Did you find anything? -Tell them to rush it. -Yes, sir. So, you found nothing? -Yes. -That's right. We searched the entire house. There's nothing here. Wait. What's going on here? We haven't been able to reach you since yesterday. Where were you? I was out of town for work. None of your colleagues knew about it. I don't tell them everything on my schedule. It was an emergency, so I couldn't even find time to call the office. And the connection was bad because I was in a remote area. I can give you their number if you'd like. Call them and check. I heard you and Mr. Jeong have been friends for a long time. Yes. Then you must care about him a lot as a friend. I'm sure you want to find him more than anyone else does. -Right. -Is that why you went to see him? RESULTS ON TIRE MARK This is from my car. I got a call from Sang-hun that day. That was when I first found out he had been confined there and how he ended up there as well. I see. And? He asked me for help. He said he figured out a way to get out and asked me to come and get him. Then what did you do? You just went there? Fully knowing that Chairman Jeong sent him there? I was going to get him out first, and then try to persuade Chairman Jeong. I wanted to help Sang-hun if he ended up there against his will because he's my friend. But he didn't show up. So, I just came back. Nothing else happened. That's a simple story. Your friend, who asked you for help, didn't show up, but you just came home? Were you not worried? I just assumed he got caught by the hospital staff while trying to escape. I was going to call the hospital the next day but heard he disappeared. Then why haven't you told anyone about this? Chairman Jeong said nothing about you, which means he had no idea either. I didn't want any misunderstanding. -"Misunderstanding"? -The speculations that you are making about me. You're an interesting guy. You were worried about him, so you rushed there without telling Chairman Jeong. But you've been keeping your lips sealed because you were afraid that you'd be pegged as a suspect? Knowing it'd cause confusion in the investigation? Which side of the story is true? Yeong-min is a suspect? Yes. He was the last person Mr. Jeong spoke to on the phone before he disappeared. He was also the one who went to the woods to pick him up. Yeong-min picked him up? Then where did he take him? He said Mr. Jeong didn't show up. I wonder why he never told me. So, what did Yeong-min say? There must've been a reason. What reason? Will you be understanding if he had a reason? YEONGWON CHILDREN'S HOME It's a photo of Sang-hun and Yeong-min. They grew up together at the same children's home. Yeong-min has probably spent more time with Sang-hun than even I or his father has. And Yeong-min was the one whom he trusted and confided in the most. -Maybe that's why he called him first. -Do you have a dog? -Sorry? -If I were you, I'd even be suspicious of my dog. Has anyone around you been completely truthful with you? Take a good look at yourself and find out if you really believe him or if you just want to believe his words. SEO-HUI The person you're trying to... YEONG-MIN Yeong-min, are you busy? I need to talk to you about something. Call me. Mr. In. Sir. Go on. Hey, Ho-gyu. Why don't you get it? Are you still suspecting In Dong-gu? The tire marks match Jin Yeong-min's car. But we can't eliminate him from the list of possible suspects. He was at the hospital when Sang-hun went missing. And did you not hear what Yeong-min said? He said Sang-hun didn't show up. Are you religious? What's with this unbending belief? Look. Captain, Jin Yeong-min is benefiting from Chairman Jeong's help and can earn a living, all thanks to Jeong Sang-hun. So, why on earth would he dismember a friend like that? I think In Dong-gu is much more suspicious. He couldn't stand Jeong Sang-hun because of the new project. And what else? He even took him to the mental hospital. What about the unregistered vehicle he scrapped on that day? You brat, how dare you talk back to me? Hey, what's the story between Jeong Sang-hun and Jin Yeong-min? Kim Seo-hui was right. They grew up together in a children's home. Apparently, Chairman Jeong took in Jin Yeong-min as well when he was adopting Jeong Sang-hun. Only Jin Yeong-min was raised by the housekeeper though. Back in school, his nickname was "Jeong Sang-hun's Butler." I haven't seen you at the head office in a while. Why don't we have some tea? Let's be honest. That's what I was hoping. I know you've been tailing me. I was just following the chairman's order. You went there that day to get Mr. Jeong out, didn't you? From what I know, I'm not the only one. About Mr. Jeong... Was it your doing? I thought it was your doing. You were supposed to be the head of the new business team. Until your most trusted friend stole it from you, that is. And after all, he's not even Chairman Jeong's real son. You had devoted your entire life to this one person. But one day, you looked back and realized that you're just a manager. You're a mere manager after all. I'd say, that's enough of a motive. They went to the same schools from grade 1 to 12 and even college. Yes. Their major is the same too. They were even in the same clubs. It seems like his job was to pave all the ways for Jeong Sang-hun so that he'd have it easy. Gosh. If you had to do this your whole life, you'd think it's unfair. If it was me, there will come a time when I'll lose it. I'd be like, "I want to live my own life." I'd be lying if I told you I had never been upset. But the thing is, the human mind consists of more than just one kind of emotion. Although I guess single-minded people like you who try to achieve your one goal at all costs wouldn't really understand. I'd love to stay and chat, but I'm quite busy today. Nothing related to Mr. Jeong was found at any of the properties that Mr. Jin owns. The police didn't find anything either. What about the GPS records? It matches Mr. Jin's statement. We've confirmed that he was meeting with a solar panel specialist in Cheongju when we couldn't reach him. Shall I continue to keep an eye on him? Yes, continue to keep an eye on both Yeong-min and Mr. In. Also, have someone tail Yeong-min. All right. Let's go through everything one more time. -Write it down. -Yes, sir. We don't know Jeong Sang-hun's whereabouts after he escaped Yanggye Mental Hospital on March 6. So let's check Jin Yeong-min and In Dong-gu's alibis for that day and go from there. Okay. In Dong-gu first. He said he went to the hospital to visit Jeong Sang-hun but couldn't see him, so he went straight home. Jin Yeong-min also said that he went home because Jeong Sang-hun didn't show up. But all we have are their statements. Right, so one of them must be lying. In Dong-gu said he didn't see Jeong Sang-hun, but he scrapped the car. Jin Yeong-min said Jeong Sang-hun didn't show up when he called for help. But the thing is, we don't have any evidence to help us figure out which one of them took Jeong Sang-hun. Then why don't we look into the dates when the hand and foot were found? Right, the hand. The hand was found first at Kim Seung-cheol's memorial ceremony. But both of them were there when that happened, so their alibis check out. And we tried to track down the express courier the culprit hired, but our attempt failed. So, let's revisit their alibis for the day when the foot was found. The foot. As we all know, In Dong-gu visited the factory 1.5 hours prior to the incident. Remember? WE WANT OUR WORKPLACE BACK Right, he did. As for Jin Yeong-min, he had to attend a seminar that afternoon. From 4 to 9 p.m. But coincidentally, they were replacing their security cameras that day, so there's no footage. However, all the employees said that he didn't leave the office. I have to say, I don't think it's Jin Yeong-min. -I think it's In Dong-gu. -In Dong-gu isn't an idiot. He knew he'd be suspected. Why would he put the foot there? Reverse psychology. Maybe he thought it's too obvious for him to be suspected. Hey, there were other people who visited the factory that day. The juice delivery guy and the maintenance guy. That's all. I see. Then I'll take a look at the security footage. Suit yourself. He said a juice delivery guy and a maintenance technician all came in the morning. -In the morning? -Yes. That's not what I read in the report... Hold on. A maintenance technician. He came in the evening. Around 7 p.m. -Can you check? -Sorry? Here it is. "The maintenance technician came by between 7:10 and 7:20 p.m." Didn't you check this? What's wrong? Why are you all quiet? Well... The janitor says he comes every month. So you didn't even check it? April 3, Songju RMC? -Yes. -This is strange. We go there on the last day of every month. Can you please double-check just in case? Please wait a minute. Right. We didn't send a technician to the factory that day. Is there a chance the record is missing? That never happens. Ho-gyu, that silly punk. Are they the service technicians? Yes, they are. Ho-gyu. Come on in. REGIONAL INVESTIGATION UNIT Hey. Do you think this is a joke? No. Then how could you give it a lick and a promise like that? You're supposed to have a spot inspection and investigate those who are involved. -Tae-sik, he's new here, so... -Get out. Hey. Do you just write down what people say? How did it go? They didn't send out a technician that day. Listen, you punk. While you miss leads like this, his family are going crazy, waiting for him. I'm sorry. You stupid idiot. You can't do your job right. All you do is talk shit. Hey! You beat me to the punch. You little punk. What am I supposed to say when you yell at him like that? You're just covering for your man. So what does that mean? The criminal sneaked in as a technician and put the foot there? It means both In Dong-gu and Jin Yeong-min are off. This is driving me crazy. We confirmed that In Dong-gu left the building before the technician came in. But do you think Jin Yeong-min was stuck in there for the whole five hours? He could've at least gone to the restroom or something. Is it Ho-gyu who checked out the alibi? Yes. I should go and check it again. There might be another mistake. Gosh, I just got here. Darn it. Cheers. Did you get me a tracking device or something? Excuse me. Please bring me a bottle of soju and a glass. -Okay. -Go sit over there. Hey, there are no other seats. I'm sitting here. -Thank you. -Please enjoy. Don't worry. I'm here to side with you. Let me pour you a glass. Gosh, it's brimming over with love. Cheers. Do you know who's making me go through all this? It's Jo Tae-sik. He forced me to come here when I kept saying no. That was my first spot inspection. And he didn't even teach me anything. -We didn't. -No, you didn't. And now that we have a problem, he's saying it's all my fault. You're right. I understand how you feel. If it were that important, he should've done it himself. All he does is let his subordinates do all the hard work. He only cares about going back to his hometown. What can I say? You're totally right about that, Ho-gyu. I wanted to do this right. But my pride is going out the window. Hey, you're doing just fine. Don't be like that. The other day, you asked me why I quit my job at JQ Group. Right. Why did you quit? There are so many people who are just too good. And those competent people struggle so hard to go up the ladder. I just couldn't compete with them. You know what? One day, on my way to work, I felt so insignificant. So I quit. I thought I couldn't give up on my pride. That's good. You did the right thing. But I'm being like this again here. So is this all I'm capable of? I can't help but feel that way. It's just one mistake. What's the big deal? This is how you grow bigger and take one step further. Is it supposed to cheer me up? Do you think I liked Jo Tae-sik from the beginning? I really hated that jerk. Do you know what made me open my mind to him? What's wrong with Jin-gyeong? What the hell is in her brain? She has stones in her brain. I think she has a thick head. She's new from the country, so she's totally out of touch. Hey, how fast can you guys run 100 meters? Maybe about 15 seconds? There's no way you run 100 meters in 15 seconds. If that's your record, mine is 13 seconds. That's enough. Kang Jin-gyeong runs 100 meters in 11 seconds. -What? -How would a girl do that? I'm serious. No one in the RIU runs 100 meters in 11 seconds. Did you guys not know she's a track and field athlete? Do you remember the mugger in Gangnam? We all missed him, but Jin-gyeong caught up with him. That's when she got hit by a car. Are you siding with her? I'm just saying we all are good at different things. It's not that someone is bad. And it's true that I'm siding with her. What was that all about? Does he like her? He rarely opens his heart to others. So people often get him wrong. And it frustrates you a lot. About him going back to his hometown. It's not what it looks like. His mom is very sick. So he's trying to wrap things up and return to his hometown. Okay? You said you're here to take my side, but you're eventually siding with Detective Jo. Hey. Eat this and let it slide. Just eat it. Excuse me. -How may I help you? - Hello. Are you here to meet Mr. Jin? He's in Seoul now. He'll be back in the afternoon. I see. I'm not here to meet him though. Can I talk with you a moment if you don't mind? Okay. I answered all the questions Chairman Jeong asked, but he still seems to have big doubts. I think he will soon put more tails on you. If Mr. Jeong didn't come back and take on the new business, things wouldn't have been delayed like this. I had no idea he'd oppose the project. If we had a little more time, I could've convinced Sang-hun. You're right. By the way, does Assemblywoman Kim know that you're going to the National Assembly today? No. I haven't seen you around for a while. Stop acting like you're too busy. I'd forget your face. You should be speaking German in your dreams by now. What are you talking about? Just give it a try. If you're done traveling around Germany, stop playing house with Seo-hui and come back. And take a job at the company. Chairman Jeong misses you a lot. He's trying to be understanding, but it doesn't mean he's comfortable with it. I've made up my mind. -About what? -The new business. Earlier today, I told Dad that I'd do it. That's good. When you had the seminar here on April 3, you said Jin Yeong-min never left the office, right? Yes. He was going to give the presentation that day. He stayed in the office all day except when he went out to buy us some snacks. -Snacks? -Yes. Macaroon, cake, and stuff like that. -I already told the police. -What time was it? It was after dinner, so maybe around seven? Around seven? Are you sure? I don't know. It's not that I saw it myself. Mr. Im, you had the snacks that night, right? When we had the seminar. Yes, I did. Why? Are you sure you saw Jin Yeong-min that night? I don't think I did. Right, I didn't see him. Then what? You said Jin Yeong-min bought some snacks for you. I just heard everyone say that. Seung-yeon, didn't you say that Mr. Jin got us some snacks? Mr. Jin texted me that day. So I thought he left some snacks. Did anyone of you see Jin Yeong-min when he brought the snacks? So it means no one saw Jin Yeong-min that night. Mr. Jin Yeong-min, the head of the new renewable energy team of JQ Group shall take the witness stand. KIM SEO-HUI Let me ask the witness a question. Were you the first one to propose this new business at your company? WITNESS STAND -Yes. -And before Mr. Jeong was appointed, you were to assume the position. And apparently, you're currently the interim CEO. Is that correct? Yes, it is. When it comes to a wind power plant, the geographical conditions are crucial. You know that, right? -Yes. -But instead of Myeongseon or Jinpyeong with better conditions, why do you think Songju was selected? -Excuse me, Assemblyman Yoon. What-- -Assemblywoman Baek. CHAIRPERSON IM YOON-BIN It was decided after an in-depth discussion of the Energy Resources Committee. JQ Group took over a large area of land in Songju. Isn't it that they chose Songju to make a profit from the business? I believe the bill was suggested to give JQ Group a special treatment. -That's ridiculous. -Assemblyman Yoon, why would you... -Come on. -What do you mean? -That's nonsense. -Please be silent. It is a special treatment. We are selected as a company to contribute to the future value of Korea. -It is a special treatment. -That's not what I mean. The cities you mentioned might have better conditions than Songju. But let me tell you as an expert. That's not true. What? In the energy industry, distribution costs more money than production. It's all about accessibility. The fastest route inland and to overseas countries. Keeping all that in mind, do you think Songju is the second-best option? No. I believe it's the best choice. JQ Group is banking on this project tolerating the deficit of tens of billions of won and taking possible risks. With only one goal for the national competitiveness of Korea. Excuse me, Mr. Jin Yeong-min. You can be charged with perjury if you give false testimony here. -What are you talking about? -That's absurd. Please be silent. Assemblyman Yoon, you can't press him for an answer. Mr. Im, it's not like that. Then why did Mr. Jeong Sang-hun consider relocating the site for the new business? Is that true? I asked if it's true. I've never heard of it. I believe you've been given enough time. We have other items to discuss. About the clause 12 on the agenda, on the special bill proposal for the new renewable energy complex, we will take a vote. Mr. Im, we can't just push it forward like this. Let us proceed with the vote. -Raise hands if you oppose the bill. -Chairman Im. Raise hands if you approve. The bill has been approved. Hello, sir. It's nice to see you. Thank you, sir. -Have you been doing well? -Yes. YOENGWON CHILDREN'S HOME -Do you think so? -It could be. But really, it is... -What? -What's going on? Due to the power problem in the building, the elevator is currently out of service. We are trying hard to fix it as soon as possible. Your patience will be appreciated. JIN YEONG-MIN JQ SONGJU BRANCH Jin Yeong-min doesn't have any meetings. Where's he going? Listen, you punk. While you miss leads like this, his family are going crazy, waiting for him. You can't do your job right. All you do is talk shit. He'll throw a fit if I don't check this out. Fine. Let me check this out. WEEKLY SCHEDULE FOR IMPORTANT MEETINGS He doesn't have any meetings outside his office. There's no reason for him to leave the building today. JQ SONGJU BRANCH And that's the opposite direction to his house. Someone visited the factory, pretending to be an employee there around 7:10 p.m. to 7:20 p.m. As it so happens, Jin Yeong-min doesn't have an alibi around that time. -Detective Jo. -What is it? You told me to report to you if something seemed off about Jin Yeong-min's movements. Hey, he's never gone off his schedule -after we installed a tracker, right? -No. Shouldn't he be working at the company now? Exactly. I have no idea where this guy is headed. SONGJU WASTE FACILITY Tae-sik, turn right from here. -From here? -Yes. What? Why did he come to a place like this? This is leading to a mountain. Did you get any other signals? What do you expect from junk like this? We barely got his location with this. Even so, try to see if there's anything else. -What the heck? -What is it? -Damn it. -What is it? The screen went off. Damn it. Didn't you pack batteries? Damn it. Hey, come on. Hitting that won't solve our problem. Come on. Damn it. It's the same road again. Tae-sik, I'm sorry. Can you drop me off somewhere here? I'll go get the batteries from the station. Sure. Why not? I bet Jin Yeong-min will stay here until you come back. What is this place? Why did they stop building these apartments? Why are we going in there? He must have come to this place. Hey, what's the smoke over there? -Hey, come and put out the fire. -Gosh. Damn it. "SJ". Isn't this uniform from the facility maintenance branch we visited yesterday? Mr. In. Was that you? Did you put that box in my office? I don't know what you're talking about. You don't know? You're the only person who would do something like that to me. Did you just smile? Do you think this is funny? I was wondering when you would quit pretending to be a nice guy. I am dying to know what was in the box to have made you this angry. You don't think I can't see right through your little game? You got the wrong person. You can't eliminate me like you got rid of Sang-hun. I would like to tell you the exact same thing. YEONGWON CHILDREN'S HOME EUN-SEONG AND YEONG-MIN STAY HEALTHY, AND ALWAYS BE THERE FOR EACH OTHER I got rid of the record because the chairman asked me to. He didn't want Eun-seong... No. He didn't want there to be anything that could harm Sang-hun later. I thought about those kids for a very long time. Anyway, I sent them to him because I thought they could have a happy life. How could this happen to him? Well, do you think you can tell me about them when they were here? Yeong-min was abandoned at birth, so he had grown up here since birth. And Eun-seong was sent here at the age of five when his parents died in an accident. From the first time they met, Yeong-min liked Eun-seong very much. As he was a few months older, he acted like Eun-seong's big brother and stopped other kids from bothering him. So naturally, Eun-seong was fond of Yeong-min, too. When sponsors or parents who were interested in adoption came, they always thought that those two were brothers. It was so nice to see two boys taking such good care of each other. Well, that changed a bit after the visit from Chairman Jeong. Eun-seong. Eun-seong. CHARITY EVENT Here. It's the snack you like. I brought a lot. Did you have some? I ate a lot. They gave me tons. I guess it's because it's Chuseok. I'm so stuffed. I know you didn't eat it. -Here. -I'm full. Take it. Didn't I tell you? If you get sick here, no one is here to take care of you. Stop getting sick. Okay? Take it. No. Mister! Mister, I haven't seen you for ages! -The boy Chairman Jeong liked at first was -Have you been well? -Yeong-min. -I played soccer at school. He spent a lot of time with Yeong-min and talked a lot, as well. And I was the best at blowing the balloons, too. Hello, sir. -Thank you so much for your support. -Don't mention it. Eun-seong, come here. Later, I found out that he only donated generously to ask about Eun-seong. Eun-seong resembles his late son so much. JQ CHARITY EVENT OF HAPPINESS When it was settled that he would adopt Eun-seong, it was very hard on Yeong-min. CHILD PROFILE YU EUN-SEONG Ma'am. Yeong-min. Why did he choose Eun-seong? Why didn't he pick me? Yeong-min. Oh, Yeong-min. Mr. Jin. Please come with us. You're under arrest for abduction and battery of Jeong Sang-hun. You have the right to consult an attorney, the chance to exonerate yourself, and file for habeas corpus in challenging the arrest. Are you aware of your rights? Come with us. YEONGWON CHILDREN'S HOME He was the last person Mr. Jeong spoke to on the phone before he disappeared. He was also the one who went to the woods to pick him up. Yeong-min, I feel like I'm going crazy. Will you tell me once you get a call from Sang-hun? Please. Okay. He already knew that Sang-hun was at the hospital when I called him. But he kept pretending to be clueless. And he was well-acquainted with Mr. Hong, too. Were you the first one to propose this new business at your company? -Yes. -And before Mr. Jeong was appointed, -He came up with the business plan, -you were to assume the position. -but he lost the seat to Sang-hun. -You're currently the interim CEO. -Is that correct? -Yes, it is. When my father and Sang-hun went against the new business, -he must have hated that the most. -...the national competitiveness of Korea. PROPOSE THE BILL FOR THE NEW BUSINESS Seo-hui, I must do it. Whatever that may be, if I can save Sang-hun, I must do it. So he must have wanted me to propose the bill for the new business. Did Yeong-min really do it? DETECTIVE JO TAE-SIK Yes, Detective Jo. Okay. I'll head over there now. Detective Jo. Smoking isn't allowed here. Did you set up everything? Yes. I set it up perfectly and didn't make any mistakes this time. And sir. I'm sorry about the report. Good job today. Where is he? Are you a man? Yes. What is your name? It's Jin Yeong-min. Let's move on. Where is Jeong Sang-hun? I don't know. On April 3, his foot was found at the RMC factory. You attended a seminar at work, correct? -Yes. -Where were you and what were you doing that day at 7 p.m.? I bought some snacks for the employees. But no one actually saw you around that time. When I went to the office, no one was inside. You didn't deliberately go when it was empty? The employees saw you again at 7:30 p.m. It was when the seminar had resumed. In other words, no one had seen you during those 30 minutes. And half an hour is more than enough to make a round trip from your company to the RMC factory. Let me ask you again. Mr. Jin, did you leave Jeong Sang-hun's foot at the factory? Never. He must have gotten ready for this. I don't see any changes in the graph. What about this, then? What is this? Why did you have this uniform? It's not mine. Then, how can you explain your DNAs found on this uniform? When I went to my office, a box was on my desk. And the uniform was inside the box. The secretary didn't know who had put it in my office. -I was only trying to see what-- -That's a lie. That's enough. I didn't see anyone going into your office in the security footages except for you, Mr. Jin. There was a blackout today at our building. -I think that's when-- -Why did you burn it then? Why did you have to burn it? The culprit dressed up as an employee from the facility maintenance branch. And no one knew except for the police and the culprit. You knew that this would be considered evidence, so you were trying to get rid of it. Something felt off because it came in the same box used for Sang-hun's limbs. Whatever was inside the box, I thought it had to be a trap. Can't you see? I'm being set up right now. Someone set this up, so I'll be framed for this. The real culprit who harmed Sang-hun. Wait. QUICK QUICK -Give me that. -Try it one more time. -Are you done? -Yes. Almost. I need to look this over. Where's the entertainment team? The entertainment team? Over there. Come over here. Hey, put this up for me. -Check it quickly. -Okay. Excuse me. Sir, are you waiting for a parcel? No. BAREUN NEWS Please ask him this question. Ask him if he had ever been jealous of Sang-hun in his life. Have you never been jealous of Jeong Sang-hun? Not even once? No, never. Not even once. Even when Sang-hun became the CEO of the new business and you didn't? Even when Jeong Sang-hun stole the CEO seat from you? No. Even when Father chose Sang-hun as his son, instead of you? Then, how about when Chairman Jeong Yeong-mun chose Yu Eun-seong as his son? How did you feel? QUICK QUICK PLANNING DIRECTOR, IN DONG-GU CHOI SU-HYEON: ARE YOU DOING WELL? CHOI SU-HYEON: ARE YOU DOING WELL? We have to finish this up by tomorrow. BAREUN NEWS, ENTERTAINMENT TEAM This is a bottle. Jin Yeong-min. Do you actually want Sang-hun to come back alive? Yeong-min. -What's wrong? -Hey, what's going on? Sir, it's... -Are you all right? -What is it? -What is it? -What's inside? CRIME DIVISION CRIME DIVISION Hey, I just got a call. -What's going on? -They just got an eye. -What? -Speak slowly. A newspaper agency got an eye. What? I just received a call. A newspaper agency received his eye. Jeong Sang-hun's eye. What? His hand, foot, and eye this time. Do you really think the culprit left a message? The woman who jumped off the rooftop of her apartment. Perhaps, she might not have committed suicide. It cannot be a coincidence, sir. I am certain that someone is trying to dig up that incident. I keep thinking that it's connected to our case. I'm scared, too. The sides of Sang-hun I don't know about... Do you think Jeong Sang-hun is still alive? Which side is the real you? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 