Informer: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Informer 
 s1e1 - No Sleep Till Brooklyn - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Informer (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - No Sleep Till Brooklyn - full transcript 
 A night out with his girlfriend goes badly wrong when Raza Shar is arrested and identified as a potential informant forLondon's Counter-Terrorism Special Unit (CTSU). Detective Sergeant ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 INDISTINCT CHATTER FEMALE ANNOUNCER (PA): This is West India Quay. WESLEY: Excuse me, Miss! JUSTICE: On the morning of November 29th. Wesley Ndoyo departed West India Quay station through the Eldon Street exit. At 10:30 am, Mr Ndoyo entered the Eldon Street branch of Café 66. PEOPLE CHATTING WESLEY: Here you go. Oh, thank you so much. Where did I leave it? On the DLR. You're lucky I grabbed it. It would have ended up in Shadwell. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wait, you got off the train for me? I guess so, yeah. That is amazing, let me give you something. What? No. Seriously. I've only got the debit, anyway. Don't worry about it. We've all been there. I really hope not. - You alright? - Yes, um... sorry. Let me buy you a coffee. Or a tea maybe? Anything? Please. Oh, man. Come on, man. Alright, you twisted my arm. I'll have a coffee. Double shot for me today, I think. I'm Emily. ASSISTANT: Next please. Sorry I didn't get your name? GUNSHOT, GLASS BREAKS. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 PEOPLE SCREAM - GUNSHOT MAN: Get out! Open the door! Move! Don't move. WESLEY: Mate, just put that down. GUNSHOT. WOMAN: Oh, my God! LADY JUSTICE SPENCER: At 10:32 am. Mr Ndoyo was shot by the assailant in the Eldon Street branch of Café 66. Mr Ndoyo was pronounced dead at the scene. You were at your office when you were first made aware of the attack, is that correct? GABE: That's correct. LADY JUSTICE: What did you know at that moment in time? GABE: Only what was reported by the first responders. Shots fired, multiple casualties, the suspect was down. LADY JUSTICE: By down you mean deceased? GABE: I mean incapacitated. He wasn't dead yet. LADY JUSTICE: Witness K, was the perpetrator known to you at this time? I can't discuss that in an open forum. SPENCER: Was the perpetrator known to you at this time? Yes, he was. LADY JUSTICE: In what capacity was he known to you? MUSIC: "The Isle of Arran" by Loyle Carner ♪ Uh, no I don't believe him ♪ ♪ Uh, but know that I've been grieving ♪ ♪ Know that I've been holding out Hoping to receive him ♪ ♪ I've been holding out for G when he was nowhere to be seen when I was bleeding ♪ ♪ Cousin with the choking and the wheezing ♪ ♪ But still he dream of smoking potent in the evening ♪ ♪ This is only for the heathens ♪ ♪ Hold until the souls who need redeeming from the demons ♪ ♪ Still ain't folded when it's freezing There ain't no-one to believe in ♪ ♪ I'm on that man side, damn right, doing it myself from a landslide ♪ ♪ Standby, didn't need no help from no damn guy ♪ ♪ Man by, I've been making waves all my damn life ♪ HIPSTER DUDE: So, Raza, who are you, then? RAZA: Kind of a heavy question, bruv. Feels like I'm on X-Factor, innit. Um... I guess I'd say I go out, chill out, hang out. But I'm clean, pay my rent. I'm not too loud, but I'm not just sitting in the corner like a weirdo neither. PEOPLE LAUGH No, for real I think I'd make a legit flatmate. FIONA: Cool. Well look, we're all in the arts, we use the studio to collaborate. HIPSTER DUDE: Yeah. Do you do anything creative? RAZA: Who's the photographer? This one. - Do you mind? - No, go for it. Are you into photography? I like what Robert Capa said, you know "the pictures are already there, you just hafta take 'em." CAMERA CLICKS. You took all these? Sound. Yeah, I do mainly street photography. Ah... That's over by Altab Ali, innit. Yeah. I used to run around there as a kid. Of course, you wouldn't wanna live here back then, were a lot different. Yeah, I use my lens to highlight shifting urban environments. Hold up, that's my street. - What? - No way. Bruv. - What? - No way. I'm in this one. FIONA: What? HIPSTER DUDE: Where? RAZA: No word of a lie, that is me. - Shut-up. - Really? - That is actually me. - No way. FIONA: That is so random, I took that, like, two years ago. THEY LAUGH 'Young Radicals", what's that? Uh, the title of the piece. Just a play on words. That dude there's a tramp, a nutter, no one's listening to him. And there's me having a fag break, what's radical about that? No, it's more like the guy, in the back-ground, handing out the flyers. Oh, OK. That's Tariq, he works over at Aladdin's Garden. Those are menus, bruv... This been in galleries? Uh... Yeah, I... had a show last year. Cool, cool, well, keep me posted, yeah? HIPSTER DUDE: Yeah, of course. Yeah... CAMERA CLICKS CAMERA CLICKS REPEATEDLY Salaam Aunties. Hi Raza. Don't fret, I can't see nothing. SHE LAUGHS. You do look lovely though. What are you doing in bloody Shoreditch looking for flats? Don't think I don't have eyes everywhere. You don't have eyes at the school, Ammi. Nasir texted me, detention again. Well, you'll have to go fetch him. Drug money. Please don't joke like that. You remember Anara's boy? He walked all the way to Ipswich thinking he was Jesus. Course he had to be high to go to Ipswich. So, how was it, this flat? Five hundred quid for a room in an old handbag factory. HE LAUGHS SADIA: He's not going anywhere. SHE LAUGHS. Miss Woods? I'm Raza Shar. Yes, yes. Nasir's brother. I was, really, expecting your mum. She's stuck at work, Miss Woods. What's he done? Nasir is one of my brightest pupils but I can't have this in my class, you understand? I'm going to have to suspend him. IN URDU Hold on, what were you telling him? My father will deal with him. Nasir won't shame us like this again. SHE SIGHS It's not the end of the world. They shouldn't really be selling these things, let alone to kids. There's no need to overreact. BOTH BOYS LAUGH - You muj now? Taking knives into school and that, you gimp. Protection, innit. Someone's messing with you? No. Mr Roy gave me A in math's, so I gotta even out my street cred. You're gonna be an astronaut. What you need street cred for? They barely let Pakis on planes, how they gonna let me up into space? Spaceman, samurai, multitudes, innit. Like presto, and now you're a photographer. Fuck, this is old. It's got no screen. Oh, so you don't want it then? No, no, no, I do, don't blob just show me how it works. Alright. Wind, click. Google it. NASIR: Yo, turn around. CAMERA CLICKS REPEATEDLY RAZA WHISPERS Quick, get upstairs. What's going on in the world, Abu? Still spinning, barely. Hm! Where's the shorter one? Hiding in his room. Bloody pocket knife? RAZA: It's a dangerous world out there. Smells good, Ammi. Get out, go. Nothing to see here, uh? MUSIC: "Roman" by Cadell. MOUSE SQUEAKS TELEPHONE RINGS Gotcha! Yo. KARL: Hello, hello. Yeah, I knew I could smell you up there. KARL LAUGHS. That's what you got the big nose for. Oh, yeah! Come down, come down, let's see if you can fly. Alright, coming right down. Heads up, yeah? Where you off to dressed like that? Too much? Nah, you look well sharp. Oof... That's a lot of kush, big spender. No bruv, I want them rolls. Big night out then, who is she? RAZA: How many's that fetch me? - Ten, but gonna give you seven. Any more is intent. Feds don't mess around with that Class A shit. There you go killer, no sleep till Brooklyn. REPORTER ON TV: Syria, under the leadership of Ahmed El Adoua known to have been... RAZA: What you got chopsticks for? Ammi thinks she's a comedian or something. He can't be trusted with sharp objects, can he? - You're not eating? - Nah. REPORTER: . Rotterdam yesterday, Dutch authorities have confirmed that... HANIF: Hey, careful tonight, yeah. Anyone picks on you, don't be brave, tell them you're a Hindu. "Don't freak, I'm a Sikh." I'm a Sikh. That's my boy. REPORTER: Have launched a man-hunt for the perpetrator. Ahmed El Adoua, is... MUSIC: "GoGo!" by Baauer. RAZA: Charlotte! Raza. Sorry, the signal's crap. I just got your texts. RAZA: All good, I found you. - SHE LAUGHS. What're you all dressed up for? I roll outta bed like this, innit. Tristan, Angel, this is Raza. With your birthday cake. Oh, my birthday cake, fucking brilliant. How goes it, Raza? You good mate? You wanna... Happy birthday, innit. CHARLOTTE: Our usual bloke's in Ibiza, rakes it in this time of year. This ain't cut like the shit he gets you. Lottie, where'd you meet this rascal? Well... Swiped right, didn't she. Raza! THEY LAUGH - You little piggy! MUSIC: "Honey Badger" by Clark. RAZA: You OK? You OK? - You're a champion Raza. CAB DRIVER: Oi, oi! Oi! - Easy... Easy, easy. Are you getting in, or what? I'm not driving anyone like that. Just take us to the nearest hospital. Keep the change. RAZA: Yo, in here, in the back. You're joking. Go. You got your money, go! OK, OK, you're going to be OK. Alright, alright, alright. SIREN WAILS - Grab her legs. SHE MOANS Help! Can I get some help, please? NURSE: Can you tell me your name, luv? - Charlotte, Charlotte Humphreys. NURSE: Tell me what she took. - RAZA: MDMA, just the one. How long ago was that? Three hours at most. Do you have a number I can contact a parent or guardian? She's got her mobile, probably in her purse. Is she gonna be OK? - Hey! - Can't go back there, sir. Is she gonna be OK? I need you to step aside, please. That's for the doctors now. Put your hands against the wall. What am I doing? Sir, put your hands against the wall. Do you have any weapons or sharp objects in your pockets? No. This what you gave the young lady? I'm arresting you on possession of a class A drug. You do not have to say anything... SHARON SINGS ♪ Wise men say ♪ ♪ Only fools rush in ♪ ♪ But I can't help ♪ ♪ Falling in love with you ♪ ♪ Take my hand ♪ ♪ Take my whole life too ♪ ♪ But I can't help ♪ ♪ Falling in love with you ♪ INDISTINCT CHATTER Welcome to CTSU, Miss Morten. Would you like to introduce yourself? Holly. Apparently not much of a charmer. THEY LAUGH I'll leave you to make your own assessments. Gabriel, Holly will ride with you. THEY LAUGH. Yes, Guv. ROSE: Now, you will have heard about the untimely death of El Adoua in a drone strike, last night. The Dutch confirmed he recruited the Rotterdam bombers late last year. But, before conspiring to deliver the caliphate to Holland. Mr El Adoua might have brought a piece of it here. Shall we? WORRAL: AIVD or whatever the Dutch are calling themselves these days found El A... Is it El Adoua or El Adoua? ALL: El Adoua. Either way, AIVD found his travel documents. One of the passports got a hit - flight to London-Stansted on June 11th. CCTV trawls from Stansted that day show El Adoua disembarking. Until they have something to share, that's as much as the Gods have given us. We paint the rest of the picture ourselves. Prior to his death, he was in London. Where did he stay? With whom? And why in Christ was Mr El Adoua in my lovely city? - ALL: Yes, Guv. - Yes, Guv. NOTIFICATION TUNE Number 3 says 5 to at the Croxford Street café? No, tell 'em, Nunhead Road. Then text him at 5 to and tell him Harness Street at quarter past. We set the agenda, always. You haven't worked informants before, have you? Not personally. There's no other way to do it other than personally. Obviously, I understand, that building relationships is crucial to gathering intelligence and preventing terror attacks. You like to win, don't you? Who wants to lose? Well, let me spare you the grief, we'll fail. And when we do people die. Someone always slips through the net. OFFICER: Yeah, stand there please, mate. Turn to your right. Look at the blue dot on the wall. CAMERA CLICKS. Excuse me son, can you step to the desk please. Thank you. MOBILE PHONE RINGS You have reached the voice mailbox of Hanif Shar. RAZA: Stop messing with me, not now. HANIF LAUGHS Raza luv, you gotta lighten up. Yeah, I got arrested, Abu. HANIF: Ah! You broke your cherry. Yeah, listen. I need you to open up the salon, OK? I can't, I'll be coming down there to read them your rights. No, no, I don't need that, I need you to open up the salon. PHONE BEEPS. Hang on, bloody battery's... Hello? Abu? Abu? DIALING TUNE Of course! Of course, you've not charged your phone! Just be on the lookout for new snouts. And don't bother with the mosques all my best assets were on the Devil's wishlist already. Junkies, dealers, perverts, anyone you can get leverage on. They'll grass on their mates, their families, they'll just as easily turn on you. They're not your friends. You squeeze them, rinse them, if they give you trouble, you drop them, move on. This guy here, El Adoua. PAKISTANI MAN: Yeah, I think I saw this bhenchod come in my shop this morning. - GABE: Really? - Yeah. GABE: Cause he spent most of yesterday in a bomb crater in Syria. Well, maybe I'll have an improved memory if you catch the wanker that keeps graffitiing my windows. MOROCCAN MAN: Never seen this shithead, I'd have lamped him if I had. Ay there's this one bloke though, come up to me in Masjid bigging up Al Qaeda and them. Who's this? Dunno, like long hair, henna beard - looks like a Bangla Hagrid. GABE: You're drawing attention to yourself. Stop trying instigate Jihad in the mosques. I get another complaint, I'll arrest you. I'm trying my best. How else do I get these people exposed? DADIR RETCHES What? Looks like he can afford it, though, innit. HE CHUCKLES Other wrap must've busted in my belly, I'm cheesing my tits off. Yeah, I'm regretting that Mandy right about now. Don't matter, though, only the guilty sleep in rusty. That's from that movie. Keyser Soze, that you? MEN LAUGH We all got a little haram in us, bruv. BOTH LAUGH. Dadir. Raza. Raza the Rizla, him'ma burn you up. What's your postcode, brother? THUNDER CRACKS What's that, what're you writing? 21:23, source meeting, Bow Canal. Hey. Do me a favour, leave this one out, yeah. Yousef's a bit skittish. And maybe hang back here, yeah? CAR DOOR CLOSES YOUSEF: What on Earth is she doing out there? It's her first day. I didn't know feds come in that size. She gonna make it to day two? One of the Rotterdam bombers was spotted in London. El Adoua, you heard of him? Yeah. I got a telly, yeah. Look, it's gotta be a bit of give and take today. Feds got my brother on possession. You saw El Adoua in London? What about my brother? You're gonna have to sell me a little harder. I saw your man around, yeah. Like back in the summer. Hanging near Bridge Town with this Big Shot dude. Word was they met in the Raqqa whiles back. Raqqa? You been holding out on me? You're the one asks the questions. Big shot, what's his name? Look. My brother's out, we talk. I'll see what I can do. See what you can do then, innit. Oi! Don't dream of dodging me on this one. Aye, get shorty an umbrella. She gonna catch the death. MOTORBIKE STARTS Yo, wake up, wake up. HE PANTS BOTH LAUGH What? BOTH LAUGH Right, Dadir Hasan's release should be processed by the morning. His case officer will have a bleeding hissy fit. CPS approved. Hey, we all have to make sacrifices to win the war on terror, John. - Lee. - Yep. Dadir Hassan, evidence compromised. OK. Cheers. This guy with Dadir Hasan, did they get picked up together? SERGEANT: That chappie is one Raza Shar. HOLLY: I'll take a look, please. Thanks. Bought in on his own. Seems like a potential source. What gave him away? Nice tan, funny name? Young IC-4 male, lives in council housing. That possession could be bumped up to intent. That's how you want to turn him? First arrest, he'll want home. You got an interview room for us, John? He hasn't spoken to his defence solicitor yet. He'll get around to it. Come on then. Let's go and meet your first recruit. Raza Shar let's have you. DADIR: Raza the Rizla. Come by Bridge Town, yeah, we'll kick it. - Be easy, bruv. - Come on. Come on. Nah mate, I'm getting released. Life's full of disappointments. HOLLY: Have a seat, Raza. DOOR CLOSES Interview commencing at 12:24am, with Raza Shar. Don't I get a lawyer? It doesn't have to come to that. If you enrol in our confidential informant program we'll drop the charges, and you'll be free to go home. RAZA LAUGHS Go on, share the joke. You want me to grass on possession? With intent to supply. Four pills? They didn't catch me with scales and baggies. No intent, no previous - my mate got the same rap walked away with forty hours, community service. If I'm choosing between being a snitch and working the counter at Age Concern. Yeah, bring on the grey army, bruv. Is that a high school blazer you're wearing? Was, yeah. Why'd you take the badge off? Had a date. Needed a jacket. Interview terminated at 12:26 am. Raza Shar, you are hereby charged with Possession of a Class A substance. You've been deemed a flight risk, and will be remanded in custody until you face the Magistrates... Flight risk? What're you on about? I've never even left the country. You're supposed to charge me, turn me out. Park him in bin five. How is he a flight risk? They'll toss his case. There's no case, the boy'll walk. I got you 24 hours to find some real leverage. Or get yourself another snout. INDISTINCT STREET CHATTER SIREN WAILS IMRAN: Pigs! Yo, this is mad. OFFICER: Come on, Faisal, stand up. IMRAN: Yo, what have I even done? You gonna do this again? OFFICER: Keep still. - IMRAN: Yo, this is profiling, man. Alright. Beard's coming along. It itches like a dog's arse. You should try coconut oil. How's that limp working out for you? Slows me down, but it's all part of building out the legend, darling. Who's your friend? D.C. Holly Morten, first week. This is D.C. Imran Aziz, the local level 2. - HOLLY: Hi. - Hi. One of my snouts reckons El Adoua was seen knocking around your patch back when he was still breathing. No. No chance. I've still gotta kick it up the chain. I'll see you back at home. OFFICER: What's his name then? - HANIF: Raza Shar. OFFICER: Raza Shar? Yes. - And you're his father? - Yes. ID please. - Expired. - Is it? I need valid identification. That's my face, that's my name. It's not bloody complicated. Sir, you need to lower your tone. Where's my son, then I'll lower my bastard tone. Sir, I believe you've had a drink or two. Take a breath, think about what you're gonna say next. OK. I say up yours until you release my son! HANIF SHOUTS - That's it. HANIF: Hands off, fascist bastards! - DADIR LAUGHS. DADIR: Go on, boy. - HANIF: Police state! Hey. When you gonna catch the real baddies? HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS INSIDE CAR DADIR SHOUTS: Police! DADIR LAUGHS - YOUSEF COUGHS You're a dickhead, man. Hey, look, I told Mum you were at the new girl's. Why'd you done that? You got her planning a wedding now. I tell her the truth, she be planning a prison break. DADIR SIGHS. They didn't charge you then? Nah, see, I'm in there all night, then this morning they said them clowns lost my gear at the lab. - Can you imagine? - Idiots, man. God's smiling on me today, you know. YOUSEF LAUGHS - Astaghfirullah. He's got better things to do than fuck about with you, bruv. Shut-up, man. Drive. Way too tired for your shit. MOBILE PHONE RINGS. CAR ENGINE STARTS MUSIC: "All For One" by Brand Nubian. GABE: Mr Hassan, this is the post office we have a package ready for you at the Harley Street branch. We close half an hour early today. DADIR: Yousef, let's go. Yeah, yeah, in a bit. DADIR KNOCKS Hey, come on, bruv, they're waiting. Two seconds, man. Yousef, seriously, play it later, yeah. MUSIC STOP - Long man. YOUSEF: Aye, go on, man. Jab. Jab. Jab. - Yo, buddy! - OK, round! YOUSEF: You OK, yeah? You alright? - Yeah. Oi, Yousef, I swear down. THEY LAUGH HITTING NOISES SAL: Good work today, bruv. DADIR: Yo, you headed home? - Gotta work. DADIR: I beg you, drop me off on the way. - YOUSEF LAUGHS I don't want your sweat stinking up my leather. Are you for real? You're a mug, you know that. You're a snake. You're supposed to be my big brother, it's cold. CAR ENGINE STARTS MOBILE PHONE BEEPS. DIALING SOUND YOUSEF: This is Yousef, you know what to do. BEEP. Hello Yousef, Post Office again. Better collect that package soon, or we're gonna toss it. You know, in all my years on this job I have never come across an informer lying to get what they want leaving their handler pissing in the wind. This is... unprecedented. Look, he's just telling you what you want to hear. If I had a pound for every idiot informer blathering on about Raqqa and Daesh I could buy you all a Black Flag, for Christmas. He's been on my books for three years, always been kosher. Well, they all cash out eventually, I'd say we're looking at his end game. GABE: Yeah, we'll see. Look, El Adoua was nowhere near Bridge Town Estate because, if he was, I'd've seen him. If you were psychic, darling, you'd be in my chair. Yes, Guvna. He's defensive. Because he's wrong. BSS traced El Adoua's emails to an IP address of an Internet Café on the Bridgetown Estate. Imran's been undercover awhile, it gets foggy. Don't like foggy, Gabriel. Yousef Hassan dropped you, we're supposed to handle the sources not the other way around. We need more eyes in Bridge Town. OFFICER: There you go. It's all yours. GABE: Holly, where are you at with that kid, Raza Shar? HOLLY: I have found something, quite interesting. The Shar family own Delights Hair and Beauty Salon on Romford Street. I pulled this photo from their website. We have the two boys, Raza and Nasir. And that's mum and dad. Happy days. Except I searched the GRO and found Maryam Shar's death certificate. Raza's mother died in 2002. So, who's the mother here then? HOLLY: The website says Sadia Shar. But I couldn't find a marriage certificate. No NI number, no passport. Another intruder to fortress Britain? - Possibly. - Could be leverage. - I think so. - Know so. I'll crosscheck travel with Border Agency. Too slow. Our boy's up in court in sixteen hours after that he's not our boy. I can request an extension from Home Office. GABE: On minor possession? Good luck with that, they'd rather ship her home. What are we supposed to do, interview the family? Not we. Two strangers turn up on your doorstep that's the Police. Anyone in here police? ALL: No. GABE: Understood? DOORBELL RINGS Hello, is your mum home? - Ammi? - SADIA: Yeah. Hello, can I help you? Mrs Shar, I'm a counsellor from Cornell Parkside Primary School. My boy goes to Ashton Wood. I'm here to talk about Raza. He's not here right now. HOLLY: OK, but you are. Would you like to invite me in? SADIA: Go to your room, beta. Come, this way. What is it you want? It's been years since Raza left primary. What's left to say? Before I begin I just need to see proof that you're his legal guardian. Now's really not a good time. I just need to check a passport, driving license, anything really. And I'm politely telling you, come back another time. Mrs Shar, I think you'll want to sit down. A former teacher at our school has been accused of sexually molesting some of his students. Raza may have been one of them. Molested? How... What bastard teacher did this? I can only say he followed a pattern. Children short on friends. Foreign nationals mainly. He'd convince them that if they talked, he could have their parents deported. Does that sound like Raza's situation? Where were you born, Mrs Shar? Are the police looking into this? I can't go into any more details until I see some proof that you're his mother. Mrs Shar, I'm trying to understand what happened to your son. So, I was born in Pakistan what bloody difference does that make? How did you come to be in the UK? What did this teacher do to him? If you're living here illegally, Mrs Shar, it alters our procedure. CAMERA CLICKS. SADIA: What did... Go and play on your computer. What's she saying about, Raza? Someone been touching him? Nothing, no, no, no. Nothing, go on. What is the name of this... Hello? ROSE: Cornell Parkside Primary wants to launch a nationwide manhunt for you. Fortunately, the mother doesn't want to make this a police matter. Because she's undocumented. Which I was able to confirm. I was under the instructions of a superior officer. D.S. Waters has flaunted the letter of the law on numerous occasions... ROSE HUSHES. It's unbecoming. I did warn you, she's no charmer. But I'll let you be Caesar. Let's see if you can cause less damage tomorrow. Peado routine's a new one. Marks for originality. HOLLY: Piss off. She'll get there. You were a babe once yourself. An old case of yours has come up for parole. Belmarsh appears to have had enough of him. Skittle's out on good behaviour? I'm afraid CPS needs you at the hearing. Gabriel, it was a long road bringing you back. I haven't worn that guy in a long time. He was a beautiful boy, scared the daylights out of me though. MOBILE PHONE BEEPS. DIALING SOUND MOBILE PHONE RINGS Yo, look, if you're not gonna answer it, can you put that thing on silent, please. Yousef, yo! MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES YOUSEF: This is Yousef, you know what to do. BEEP SOUNDS Don't sleep just yet, lad. Nightmare's almost over. Adrian Hodge, your Legal Aid. I've been chasing your ghost all day. First things first, anyone you need to call? Just plead me guilty already, I've been here forever. When do I go home? You'll be going in front of the Magistrate, first thing. Now, why are you here, Raza? Should've turned you out already with a charge. Said I was a flight risk. You don't have an accent. Got family abroad, have you? Someone's pulling your chain, lad. Look, what I'd like to do tomorrow is lodge a formal complaint... Nah man, no complaints. Look. I'm not just gonna get you out, lad. I'll get the case dropped. Keep your record clean. That's for your future - look, if they mark you, brand you. Career, mortgage, loan. For the rest of your life, that's the first question they ask. And I promise you Raza, Simon Whiteface or whoever with his Jesus, and his Eton and his Oxbridge? He's not checking that box. I'm not trying to bleed the Matrix, bruv. Just get me out. INDISTINCT CHATTER Christ, don't you ever knock? How intelligent do you look getting duped by a low rent pusher? Sir... You told me you had a snout with a bead on El Adoua's man in London. You swore up and down, your man was reliable now he's in the wind and I'm left cursing the weather. Some bear fruit, most don't. Italian AISI are closing in on an attack cell in Turin. If El Adoua has taught those pillocks how to build the same bomb that took seventeen lives in Rotterdam he was in London long enough to do the same. I promise you, we're doing everything we can to find his network. So, I promise Downing Street, Rotterdam won't happen here. You promise me your snouts good word. History teaches us wars are fought with bombs and bullets promises are buried along with the dead. Here he is, Mr Get-out-of-jail-free. Take care of my parking tickets I'll tell you how to find the Loch Ness Monster. Oh. Not even a smile, he's been working on that joke all morning. GABE: Time well spent, lads. Found El Adoua's London contact, have we? Right, today we're in the haystack. Right, pull up the watch list, I'll take A to E. You take F to J. Let's see who was in the country. What about Yousef? We're not looking for Yousef. Oh, it's just, I've found him. So, here's Yousef leaving his flat. Wait for it. White van. Here he is again, leaving the gym, twenty minutes prior to your meet. Looks like the same white van tailing him. See. And here, is six minutes later on Knowlson. Plates on the van? Unreadable, reflectors. Did he know to watch for tails? Yeah. Where did they go next? I checked the surrounding feeds, both vehicles disappeared. I'll keep sifting. Four hundred thousand camera's in London, that's not sifting, that's drowning. Check with Audi, see if his GPS is still pinging. I'll ask the Guv to put in for a warrant. Nah, she won't want the bother, just get the VIN number and tell them you're hunting for joy riders. Good work. Cheers. Karol Jeder-Jeder... MAN: Jederszynski. That'll be the one! Are they dodge? - Not bad. - What's that? Your creps, where'd you nab them? Deptford market. Got a mate who runs a stall, Watney market, does fakes for a tenner. You always wanted to be a lawyer, then? Why? You thinking of joining the cause, lad? Good to have options, innit. Life's not an orchard. You don't get to stroll through, pick the fruit you want. Nah, I could do lawyer, seems legit. So, you got like assistants and that? Interns. But they're not pratting around, getting themselves arrested. What you didn't fancy Uni, then? Circumstances, bruv. Didn't matter what I fancied. What keeps you busy now? Domestic shipping. A Postman then? Nah, packing boxes... Interns... A bit like slave labour, innit. The day I can afford real kicks, is the day I pay my interns. COURT USHER: Raza Shar? NFA. Your case is dismissed. ADRIAN: We've been sat here all morning, when did that happen? About thirty seconds ago, when CPS phoned the Clerk. Go on then. Get out while you still can. GABE: Freedooooom! You look tired, mate, you need a lift? I ain't got nothing to say to you. What, not even thank you? Who do you think got your charges dropped? Same twat that had me locked up in the first place, seems like. Same twat that ain't got shit on me now anyway. Not you, I don't... your mum on the other hand. Overstayed her visa by about, ooh, sixteen years. Jump in the car, we'll talk about it. What do you want with my mum? So, he does speak. She's not your mum, is she? Look, I've got some friends at the Home Office they won't go anywhere near her. As long as I say. You mean as long as I snitch. You just have to report to me once a week. Right? Keep me posted on people you talk to, things that you hear. Who am I talking to? I work counterterrorism. I don't know any fucking terrorists, bruv! Not yet, you don't. But, we'll get you there. Look, your identity will be protected. And there's perks to knowing people like me. Your dad's been released already, I've taken care of that. My dad, how's that? A bit of a card, isn't he, your dad? Look, I really don't know how I'm supposed to help you. I've gotta run a quick errand. So, pardon the detour, yeah? SIREN WAILS RAZA: What is this place? Why are you bringing me here? You heard about that Rotterdam bombing? Seventeen dead, 63 injured. Why do you think they do it? To hurt people? To scare people. People don't feel safe, they panic, blame anyone that doesn't look like them. Then they start building places like this. PROTESTER: Say it loud, say it clear... ALL: Refugees are welcome here! ALARM BUZZES Afternoon, Neil. How's the private sector? Underworked, overpaid. We're always looking for new blood if you fancy a pay rise. You're alright, thank you. How's everything with the lads? NEIL: Young 'un got in a fight at Sunday League. Bloody mess. Line up's ready for you. GABE: Thank you. Poor sods lost the game of snakes and ladders. Now their back at the bottom. I'll grass for you, you don't need to threaten me. Relax, Raza. Pick one. One what? Whichever man you choose, gets to stay. Stay like... stay? How? Just choose one. Why do you want me to do it? Because we're working together now. This is fucked. Neil, no one gets to ride free today. No, OO, shit... I'll do it. How am I supposed to choose? I don't know. Nicest hat, friendliest face. Him. Which one? Come and point him out, to me. This guy. Stand up. Yeah. Stand up. Come here. Do you understand English? Where you from? Afghanistan, boss. What's your name? Rostam Afshar, boss. Welcome to England, Rostam. Boss? Remember this face. This is the man that changed your life. Thank you. GUARD: Rostam, come with me. SIREN WAILS MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES YOUSEF: This is Yousef, you know what to do. GABE: Yousef, post office, I'm afraid we've dumped that package of yours. That does leave an outstanding balance on your account. GABE: You'll be hearing from us. CAR BEEPS POP MUSIC PLAYS SOFTLY Hello. How are my two favourite ladies? - EMILY: Fine. - LORI: Hi, Daddy. Hey. No hugs for me then? LORI: You don't want paint all over you, Daddy. GABE: Hey Ems, I thought we settled on the duck egg. Don't ask me, I'm not in charge. Come on then, I'll take over from here. But I'm not done yet. Hey, it's late, come on, Lori. You've got paint all over you, go and get cleaned up. And I'll know if you haven't brushed your teeth. Alright, alright. GABE: You look tired. - Oh, thanks. Still look a lot better than the last guy that came to paint my walls. Hello, stranger. What've you been up to? This and that. You? This and that. TRAIN ANNOUNCEMENT: British Transport Police on 61016, see it, say it... APPLAUSE ON TV Beta, you're back. I thought you'd moved to bloody Shoreditch. GABE: You don't just send a canary straight down the mine you've gotta put him in a cage first. HOLLY: He knew the risks. GABE: No, he didn't. They never do. If they did they wouldn't do it. HOLLY: What happened to "they're not-your-friends?" GABE: They're not. But you're theirs. You know their biggest secret. All they wanna know is... are you gonna keep it safe? You lie about anything else, but you don't lie about that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 