Fantasy Island: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fantasy Island 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fantasy Island (1977–1984): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 A wealthy businesswoman wants to attend her own funeral; a jaded hunter wants to be the hunted one; and a World War II veteran wants to relive his romance with a woman he met in England. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The plane! The plane! Smiles. Smiles, everyone. Ah, it's going to   be a beautiful day. Who are the guests   this time, boss? Any beautiful women? Tattoo, how many times   do I have to tell you?   All women are beautiful. Sometimes you just have to  look for it a little harder.  That's all. Miss Ann Dowd,  age 25, unmarried. She works in the office  of a trailer company  in Akron, Ohio, as does Maxine Bender. Also 25, also unmarried. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They've been best friends   since high school. If Robert Redford gets off next, I know what their fantasy is. Tattoo, it so happens that Ann  and Maxine's fantasy... is much more glamorous   than that. In fact, it's a fantasy shared  by countless people  all over the world. They want a chance to live  in a modern fairy tale... and, like Cinderella,  for just a brief time, to be one of the glamorous,  beautiful people of the world. - A jet-setter.   - Those two, glamorous? This time, boss,   I think you've bitten off   more than you can chew. Well, it's reassuring to know  I have your  unfailing confidence. You don't have to get mad, boss. No one can bat a thousand. Is he here to join  the glamorous life too? [ Mr. Roarke ]  Quite on the contrary, Tattoo.  Mr. Udall is a famous magician. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then he must have   a lot of money. Enough to pay  the full price for a fantasy. Must you always reduce  everything to such crass terms? Yes, Mr. Udall   is very successful, and at a very  dangerous profession. Some say he's the most daring  and spectacular escape artist  the world has seen... since his late father,  who was the original  Great Dante, but just once would like  to perform his own escape-- something that his father   or Houdini... or any other escape artist  in history never even conceived. It's a request   he may live to regret. My dear guests,   I am Mr. Roarke, your host. Welcome to Fantasy Island. Do those men have something  to do with the trap  you have for me, Mr. Roarke? Oh, very much so, Mr. Udall. You see,   they've come for you. They look like some sort  of prison guards.   They are indeed. They are from Ile du Diable. Ile du Diable?  You mean, Devil's Island? One of the most notorious,   godforsaken prisons   in the history of the world. Yes, but, uh, Devil's Island  doesn't exist anymore. Doesn't it? This is   Fantasy Island, Mr. Udall, and here anything exists,   if I so wish. - [ French ]   - [ French ] Wait a minute. Wait a minute.  Take it easy! Mr. Roarke!   I'm sorry, but they're   only doing their job. You see, they believe you to be  a convicted murderer  whom I am delivering to them. Murderer?   What are you talking about? Uh, Mrs. Udall, your husband's  fantasy was for me... to provide him with   the ultimate challenge   for escape. Uh, the, uh, lagoon   lets out to the open sea. The island on which   the prison is located   is 15 miles from our shore. Oh, I should also tell you   that the waters around it... are infested... with sharks. You can stop   your fantasy now, Mr. Udall, or nevermore. [ Mr. Roarke: French ]  [ Guard: French ] There is nothing you can do  for him now, Mrs. Udall. I'll take you back  to the main house. [ Engine Starts ] Your fantasy will begin  with a change of wardrobe. Is all this for us  to wear this weekend? I hope you enjoy them.   Enjoy them?   I'm afraid to touch them. Oh, Ann, have you ever seen   anything more elegant? Look at this one. Grace Kelly wore one  just like that in High Society. Uh, will you come in   when you can, please? I am so happy   you're pleased, but if you want to be   truly jet-setters, I think you must first meet   Mr. Robert Massoon. - Robert Massoon is here?   - Oh, very much so. And he's ready   to help you. Ah. Mr. Massoon,   I'd like you to meet   Miss Dowd and Miss Bender. For us? But he's the most   famous beauty expert  in the whole world. Mr. Massoon,  I've read all your books. Have you really? Eh, well, Robert,   can you have your staff... make these two young ladies   glamorous jet-setters? Well, as far  as glamour is concerned,  I can do anything. But, uh, in this case,  Mr. Roarke, I-- I can't promise. [ Sighs ]   I have done all I can. [ French ]   [ French ] [ French ] [ Engine Starting ] [ French Continues ] Take a good look, Udall.   That is the last you will   ever see of the free world. [ Laughing ] [ Shouts ]  [ Laughing Continues ] [ Engine Revving ] [ All Laughing ] [ Speaking French ] [ Speaking French ] Mmm! Oh, cheer up, Tattoo.  Cheer up. As you say,  no one can bat a thousand. Well, it's fun trying.  Ah! Our two friends from the plane,  Ann and Maxine. Those are not the same girls. Aren't they? They are the same girls! You folks just get pretty girls  here by the bunches, don't ya? That's the way I like them.  [ Chuckles ] Miss Dowd, Miss Bender,  you look just exquisite. - Both of you.   - You really think so? Oh, don't just judge by me.  Look around you. Like Count Rudolph over there, the jury of your peers. Oh, I think the count  is looking at me. Uh, the, um,   background stories... we have discreetly   spread about you... are that, uh,  you are both heiresses. Um, your money came from,   uh, oil, Miss Dowd. Uh, Miss Bender,  your fortune came from shipping. How exciting.  I always did love sailors.  [ Giggles ] ♪♪ [ Drumroll ]  [ Tattoo On P.A. ]  Attention, attention, please. It's time for   the scavenger hunt. - Scavenger hunt?   - Yes. I love scavenger hunts! [ Tattoo ]  Anyone wishing to participate  in the contest, attention. Enjoy yourself, Miss Dowd.  Excuse me. The grand prize for   the scavenger hunt will be... the Debussy necklace   and earring set. [ People Gasping ]  But first,  everyone must find a partner. Would you like  to be my partner?  [ Tattoo Continues, Indistinct ] Me? Oh, I'd love to, Count. The sun cascades   against your face   like crying starlight. You're Ian Cooper Smith,  the writer. And you're beautiful. May I escort you   to the scavenger hunt? Hold on there.  Not so fast. The lady already  has a partner. That is,  if you want one. Um-- I want one. Your records say that you   have escaped many prisons. No one has ever escaped   my command. Believe me, prisoner Udall, I will watch you more closely  than the spider  watches the fly. And if you are so foolish-- [ French ] Had him put in there   three days ago. He tried to steal   an extra portion of food. Imagine what I will do to you... if you ever dare   try to escape. [ French ] That's it, that's it.   Just a little closer. Don't shake the branch.  You'll drop it. If there are any eggs,  don't break them. - I got it! I got it! Oh!  - Gott in Himmel! Are you all right?   Oh, I'm fine. And look, I still have   the bird's nest! That means,   with the bicycle tire... and the silver spoon  we already have, all we need now is a red ball  and a duck to win! Gott in Himmel!  What a hearty girl you are! [ Children Chattering ]  Look, there's a red ball. That looks like   it's being put to   pretty good use already. [ Chattering Continues ] You know,  it's a funny thing about kids. Whether they're here  or in the city... or on some Indian reservation  in Oklahoma, they all play the same--  simple, straightforward, not afraid to laugh. You sound like you spend a lot  of your time watching kids play. I do. I used to anyway. Before I had to  spend all my time  taking care of my money, I used to be into pediatrics,  child behavior, all of that. You're a doctor? Used to be. No time anymore. Do you mean nobody's told you  about my private casino... and racquetball club  that I'm buggin' everybody  to invest in? No. Well, no wonder  you're so friendly.  Really, I got a great spot. Right on the strip in Vegas,  but completely private. Nobody but our crowd, and shares of membership  just $10,000 each. Oh, it sounds like fun. I'll, uh, talk   to my lawyers about it. Doc, what do you say?   Shall we go down... and try and talk them   out of their red ball? Well, I suppose we could,  but seein' as... we haven't been able  to gather a single thing... on this scavenger hunt,  why louse up a perfect record? Come on.   It's martini time. Let me   get you something, eh? You must be sick as hell  right now. The first day in here  and the boat ride  and the stench in this place. My last cigarette.   American. I was saving it for my birthday, but I've forgotten when that is. No, no, no. I couldn't  take that from you.   Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you. Go ahead.  Your first day here.  You deserve it. God knows you deserve something. Besides, I've...  been coughing too much lately. Got a light?   Oh, yeah, yeah. Thank you.   How old is this building? Not old enough,  but the cement in  the basement window is looser, if that's what   you're thinking. Yeah. You, uh-- You have  a very light touch. It's very good.   Hmm? My pad and pencil, please. [ Chuckling ] No hard feelings, I hope.  I just like to keep in practice. By the way, uh, how did you   sneak it past the guard   in the shower? The same way I, uh,  kept this watch. I, uh, picked his pocket  after I changed  into the uniform. Oh, of course. You, uh-- You put it in his pocket  in the first place  for safekeeping. Wow. You're either a pickpocket  or a magician. No, no, no, no, no. You're the pickpocket.   I'm the magician. You're, uh, second-to-last   cigarette, I believe? No hard feelings.  I like to keep in practice too. Doesn't matter. Oh, it does matter if you know  a man named Mr. Roarke. [ Laughing ] If my guess is right,  you're not a real prisoner here. You're-- You're a magician  or an escape artist. Someone who had the fantasy  to make the ultimate escape. How do you know that? [ Scoffs ]  My dear American. Just look at me  and see your future. They used to call me   "The Great Dauphin." The Great Dauphin?   He died 10 years ago. Yeah, 10 years ago  is when I asked Mr. Roarke... to provide me with   my ultimate escape. [ Laughing ] ♪♪ [ Tribal Drums ] [ Applause ] Well, ladies, I hope  you're enjoying yourselves. Enjoying ourselves?   It's like a dream come true. Imagine, me having dinner  with a count... and Ann with the handsomest  millionaire doctor  I've ever seen. I'm so pleased.  Oh, I see you won  the prize today. Yes! It's real, isn't it? Oh, indeed it is. It was part  of the Debussy collection. The rest, of course,  is to be auctioned off  here tomorrow night. - Auction?   - Oh, yes. That's always the highlight  of our masquerade ball. [ Roarke ]  We raise a lot of money  for charity. You see, it's tradition   that every guest bids... on at least one of   the items up for sale. But, Mr. Roarke,  that isn't fair. We can't afford   to buy anything. I'm sorry, Miss Dowd. Your fantasy was  to spend two days  as members of the jet set. But if we don't bid on anything, they'll know we don't belong. Oh, I hope not. I sincerely hope not. Will you excuse us, please? Midnight. Probably'll be  right in the middle   of the masquerade ball. I suppose it had to   end sometime. But how   are we gonna tell them? ♪♪ [ Continues ] Midnight. Just like a couple   of Cinderellas, huh? [ Men Chattering ] Oh, Mr. Roarke! Mr. Roarke. Oh, I'm glad   I caught up with you. Do I look all right? You look just fine,  Mr. Harmon. Are you sure? I-- I don't  usually wear clothes like this. Believe me, you are the picture  of elegance. But you better hurry.  You don't want to be late. No, no, I don't wanna be late.  Wish me luck.  [ Nervous Sigh ] What is he so excited about? Mr. Harmon is having lunch  with Charlie's Angels. Charlie's Angels?   Mm-hmm. - All three of them?   - Well, of course, Tattoo.   Something wrong? No, but, uh, I thought that, uh, if you don't need me, I-- - Yes?   - Well, I thought that... maybe Mr. Harmon could use   a little help with dessert. Uh-huh. Do try not  to get in the way,  will you, Tattoo? Thank you. I was beginnin' to think  you'd never show up. Everybody seems to be   having so much fun. Well, yeah. I mean,  it's a bundle  of laughs around here. It's nice  to be around folks who know  how to enjoy themselves. Why? Is somethin' wrong? Uh, no. I'm just   looking for Maxine. Oh. Well, I'm afraid  I haven't seen her. Well, I'm gonna  be Peter Pan tonight.  How about you? What?  For the masquerade. They sent me a pair   of green tights   and a funny hat, so I figure it's either that  or Robin Hood. [ Sighs ]   I'm sure in your case   it's Robin Hood. Well, if that's true,  I'd sure like you  to be my Maid Marian. Oh, uh-- I don't know.   Uh, to tell you the truth, I don't think I feel up   to going tonight. It's nothing I've done,  I hope? Oh, no.   It isn't that. It-- I will go and get  a drink, and I-- Excuse me.   I have to go talk to Maxine. Say, 8:00, please. 8:00. Where have you been?  I've been looking all over  for you. Rudy took me out  on his yacht. It's just off the island.   It's terrific. Look, I don't mean  to get personal, but don't you think you're  getting too friendly with him? We're going home tomorrow.  Now's not the time  to get involved. Why not? Who am I   saving myself for? Smitty in the machine shop? Or one of those guys   on the assembly line? Maybe Rudy isn't  the handsomest guy in the world, but he's really nice. He likes me,   and I like him. He thinks I'm a hearty girl. I'm sorry. I mean,  if you really like him. It's just that I'm  tryin' to figure out... what we're going to do tonight  when they start that auction. I know what I'm gonna do.   I'm gonna let Rudy buy me   anything he wants to. - You can't do that!  - I'll tell you something, Ann. I've been poor,   and now I've had a taste  of being rich, and I like rich   a whole lot better. [ Sighs ] You're very good.   Gonna attempt to escape? - I'm gonna try.   - I know a way. [ Keys Jingling ] I know, I know.  You look at me and say, "I know a way"--   what am I doing here? Well, you can say   I lost my nerve. The last time I escaped,  seven years ago, they brought me back and put me  in the box for three days. [ Keys Jingling ] I'm going out alone, Ipsy.  Please, please,  don't leave me here. I'm goin' out alone. I have to, Ipsy. Yeah. I remember when I  had to go alone. I was young and proud. I remember. ♪♪ [ Dance ] Having a good time, Tattoo? Oh, boss, how did   you know it was me? Having fun?   [ Sighs ] Whenever he's not busy   tryin' to sell shares   in his racquetball club. You really like him,  don't you? More than anyone  I've ever known. I'm leaving. You know, Maxine,   I'm really beginning   to feel like Cinderella. I mean, pretty soon  the clock's gonna strike 12:00, and the auction will start,  and then everything   will come apart. - I said I'm leaving.   - What? Rudy and I. The tide   goes out in an hour, and we're taking out   his yacht with it. You and the count? He wants to take me back home  to meet his mother. But that's crazy, Maxine. He-- He thinks   you're an heiress. What's gonna happen   when he finds out   you don't have any money? I already told him.   He doesn't care. He just keeps saying I'm  a hearty girl and he loves me. And I think I love him too. But you just met him. I've known him longer  than you've known the doc,  and look how you feel about him. Don't you understand, Ann? All my life I've been a size 10  tryin' to fit into a size eight. And finally, I find somebody  who likes me just like I am, and I love him for that. - I don't know what to say.   - Just wish me luck. And I'll write  as soon as I can.   Oh! Bye-bye. Say, I'm sorry I took so long. Did you find any members  for your club? No, not yet,  but they'll come around. Say, have you thought  about it any more? Um, I'm afraid I-- I can't. Uh, not right now. Yeah, I know. All your money's  tied up in cash. - No, it's not that.   - ♪♪ [ Fanfare ] - It's just--   - [ Tattoo On P.A. ]   Attention, attention. Ladies and gentlemen,   it's midnight. The bewitching hour is here,  and the auction   is about to begin. [ Applause ] Excuse me. I think I'll   buy myself a drink. - [ Tattoo ] Remember, please   that you are bidding--  - Roger? Roger? [ Continues, Indistinct ]   Please, I want to explain. I have to explain.  Ann, leave it alone. I'm sorry.  I'm just in a bad mood.  It's not your fault. But it is my fault,   because I'm a liar.   I'd invest in your club. I'd invest in anything   for you if I could,   but I can't. I'm a fake, a phony. I'm not a jet-setter.   I don't have a lot of money. I don't have any money. I work in a trailer factory   in Akron, Ohio. A trailer factory?   How disgustingly gauche,  darling. Well, if nothing else,   I hope I've given you all   a good laugh. Wait a minute, Ann.   Ye gods, a trailer factory! And to think I   talked to her once.  You stupid jerk. Well! Waiter,   more champagne. Have some on me. [ Shouting, Gasping ]   [ Gasping ] Look! [ Footsteps ] [ Footsteps ] [ Footsteps ] [ Alarm Blaring ] [ Guard Shouting In French ] You run, you die!   You can't escape! [ Gunfire Continues ] [ Alarm Continues ] [ Shouting In French ] [ Dogs Barking ] [ Barking Continues ] You are a most foolish man. Thank you. Oh, Mr. Roarke. Oh, boy,   am I glad to see you.  [ Chuckles ] I understand  there was some excitement  around here last night, huh? A slight miscalculation,  as you can see.   I tell ya, I'm lucky. If it had been one of   my father's water escapes,   I never would've made it. Well, live and learn,  as they say. Perhaps your next attempt  will be more successful. Next attempt?   Oh, no, no. No, no.   I surrender. It was a hell of a test,   Mr. Roarke, really. But, uh, no. You, uh,   can tell these people   I'm ready to go back now. Tell 'em who I am.   Go back? Yeah, to Fantasy Island.  You win, Mr. Roarke. I give up. Uh, Mr. Udall, the fantasy  I agreed to provide for you... was for  the ultimate escape. Agreed. But that's over.   I give up. Oh, Mr. Udall, I'm sure your cell mate,   Ipsy Dauphin, told you. There is no provision   for giving up. I'm afraid, just like Ipsy,  if you don't escape, you'll spend the rest   of your life here. Oh, no. You're not gonna   get away with that. My wife Kathy's   back on that island. Oh, Mr. Udall,   your wife Kathy... will be told exactly   what Ipsy Dauphin's wife   was told 10 years ago-- that you died   attempting an escape. It shouldn't be hard  to convince her. Oh, speaking of your friend, he did ask me  to give you this. He said something about,  um, uh, saving it  for Christmas. Um-- He said you being in here,  you need it  more than he would. - Something wrong?   - Just last night-- - Yes?   - Nothing. Oh. Well, if it makes you  feel any better, the guard said you  almost made it last night. A few more feet,  and they would've  lost you in the jungle. Yes.   [ Chuckles ] Do enjoy your smoke, Mr. Udall. It may be the last one  you'll have in a long time. I was hopin' I'd find you here. I went by your place last night, then again this mornin'. I wasn't answering.   Yeah, I gathered that. Well, I guess I made   a pretty big jerk   of myself last night. Hell, I made a pretty big   jerk of myself   the whole weekend. It wasn't you. There you go again-- disagreeing with me  before you know all the facts. I told you.   I'm not who I said I was. I don't have any money. Honey, ya had company   and didn't know it. - What?   - Me. I live in a battered-up   old trailer... that might've been made   by the company you work for. But what about all that  money you were raising  for the Las Vegas Racquet Club? I'm afraid that was a lie too. Is there anything about you   that's true? Those kids I told you about   on the Indian reservation--   They're true. The fact that I'm a doctor--  That's true too. You see, my fantasy  was to raise 30,000  or $40,000, and I figured  the best way to do it... was to pitch a lot  of wealthy people... to invest in somethin' stupid. - Then it was all a con.   - A dream. A fantasy. A con. I guess  maybe it was all those things. What were you gonna do   with all the money? Build a clinic for my kids. I mean, it wouldn't have been  no 10-story job. Maybe just a one-story adobe  with the proper equipment. You see, right now,  the nearest, decent clinic  is 40 miles away. And, hell, those people,   they spend 10 thousand   spillin' drinks. I love you, Dr. Sullivan, even if you are   a lousy con man. You know, you'd be a fool  to come back with me. I mean, that's an awfully  small trailer. Oh, I don't take up   a whole lot of space. [ Footsteps Approaching ] [ Chattering ] [ Snoring ] [ Gasps ]  Shh. Udall, what--   what are you doing here? I ran out of cigarettes.  Come on. Let's get outta here. No, no.   I'm liable to slow you down. I'll take that chance. Oh, yeah?  Yeah. Come on. I already got  a rope hole in the wall. Yeah, good.  Let's go. Yeah.   [ Groans ] Okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Get down. Now what are we gonna do?  They're about to change  the guard. Hey, trust me.   I told you   I knew a way out. All right.   Come on. This way, this way. In there. That's the garbage.   I know, I know. It's taken out on a boat  every morning at dawn. Five miles out at sea   and dumped. Five miles?  What about the sharks?   Don't worry. The boat has a dinghy.   Once we're out at sea, we'll grab it and head   for Fantasy Island. Let's go.  Look out. Okay, you first. Go on. Ooh. Oh. [ Shouts In French ] [ French ] You may take   all your garbage out now. - [ French ]   - [ Engine Starts ] [ Ipsy Chuckling ]   We got out just in time.   I'm all out of cigarettes. [ Udall ] That's okay.  I'm out of matches.   [ Chuckling Continues ] Mr. Roarke, I just wanna  thank you for everything. Even though  it was not everything  you may have expected? No, I got more than I expected  or hoped for. - And Dr. Sullivan?   - I can't complain. I'm very happy   you're both so pleased. Oh, uh, before I forget,  your friend Maxine   left something for you. The Debussy necklace. It's worth a great   deal of money. Perhaps not enough to build   a 10-story racquetball club, but at least enough to build  a first-rate medical clinic. And a first-rate clinic   it'll be, I promise you. You better hurry now.   Your plane is leaving. [ Tattoo ]  Tell me the truth, boss.  Yes? Besides Count Rudolph,   were any of the others   real jet-setters? It doesn't matter, Tattoo.  Remember, this is  Fantasy Island. Well, I hope you enjoyed  your visit with us. I'm, uh-- I'm not so sure. I-- I came to do   a one-man escape... that my father never did,   to satisfy my ego, and then just when I   had it in my reach,   I let it get away from me. Then perhaps, Mr. Udall,  that was the greatest   escape of all-- escape from the need  to compete with your father. And for that, Mr. Roarke,  I'll be forever grateful. - Looking for someone,   Mr. Udall?   - Uh, yes. Ipsy. I thought maybe he'd be  on the same plane,  or at least come say good-bye. Yes. Well, I'm sure he sends  his best wishes to you. But, um, you must remember   it will take Ipsy longer... to adjust to   the outside world again. Well, good-bye and thank you. Good-bye, Mr. Udall.   Have a pleasant trip. Thank you.   Mrs. Udall. Why did you lie to Mr. Udall  about Ipsy, boss? I did not lie, Tattoo. Merely preserved an illusion. Would Mr. Udall   be half so pleased... if he knew that Ipsy Dauphin is, in reality, our master chef? It'll be nice to have Ipsy   back in the kitchen again. It will, indeed, Tattoo.   It will indeed. [ Chuckles ] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 