Perfect Harmony: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Perfect Harmony 
 s1e4 - Hunting Season - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Perfect Harmony (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Hunting Season - full transcript 
 When Arthur is faced with a choir rebellion, he decides -- against Ginny's advice -- to take on Adams, the group's alpha, at their annual deer hunting trip; Wayne takes Cash on his first hunting trip to teach him how to be a man. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  [choir sings "Ave Maria"] ♪ ♪ - Stop! Tenors, I need more volume. I can't hear you over the sound of Franz Schubert thrashing  and wailing in his grave. Franz Schubert is the composer  of "Ave Maria." And he's angry. because you suck... - Oh.  - Oh, I get it! - Sick burn! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - If my name was Franz,  I'd want to be dead, too. - Excuse me. I think we sound good. - Ha, "good"! The lonely chubby stepsister  of "great." If we're gonna qualify  for state, "good" is not gonna cut it. I'm calling an emergency  rehearsal for tomorrow. - Whoa, whoa, whoa.  - Tomorrow? - No can do, Artie-poo. - Don't ever call me that.  Why not? - Because tomorrow is the first  day of deer-hunting season. - It's sort of a unofficial holiday in Kentucky. Everything shuts down, even the schools. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - And this is the first year Cash is old enough to come with me. It's a classic rite of passage where a boy becomes a man. Or as you may call it, a bar mitzvah. - I'm not Jewish. - Wait, bar mitzvah's  a Jewish thing? [laughs] I always thought  it was a New York thing. - Normally I have a year  to prepare for a major competition. I will not be embarrassed. So you can kill your woodland  creatures after the Regionals. - No. - No?  - No. - Are you questioning my authority? - I'm denying its existence. You have no leverage over me. I'm a volunteer, not some neurotic student who  signed up for freshman choir because I need  the approval of Angry Santa. [laughter]  - Angry Santa. That's you. - Where are you going? Rehearsal is not over  until I say it's over. - Oh, no! Dr. Cochran's mad at me. If I get kicked out of glee club, I might have time to lose my virginity. [hoots and laughter] - I think of you more  as an angry Wolf Blitzer. - Okay, rehearsal's over. - Awesome, thanks. [bright folk music] - ♪ Hallelujah,  thine the glory ♪ ♪ Revive us again ♪ ♪ ♪ - Okay, this is gonna help your dyslexia. Just use your finger and write a word in the sand. - Any word? - Nothing that starts with an F. Or an S. You know what? Just write "butt." - Do I have to do this, Mom? Dad says no one listens  to Angry Santa. - Cash! - It's not my fault Adams  hit Arthur with a sick burn. - It doesn't matter how sick the burn was, Dr. Cochran is helping you, so you better do what he says. - This is how it starts. One singer disrespects you, it spreads through the choir. Next thing you know, you're taking flak from a booger-eating ten-year-old. - 11-year-old.  - Do your work. - Oh, uh, Ginny, I hate to be a bother, but I placed my order 20 minutes ago, and I know it doesn't take that long to warm milk. - Sorry, I'm just worried  about Arthur and Adams. - Oh, yes. That was quite a showdown. [chuckles] Like, Helen Hunt versus the tornado in that film, "Don't Make God Angry, or He'll Throw a Cow at You." - I just--I can't afford  to have Adams run him off. Tutors cost 50 bucks  an hour, and I pay him  in day-old biscuits. - Is she the only waitress  working tonight? - Look at you, working hard! That's nice. Hey, you know what else  would be nice? You going easy on Arthur  so he doesn't quit. I don't know, just a thought. - Please. That man thinks he can  come into this town and push me around? [chuckles] I did not get the cover of "Bluegrass  Businesswoman Magazine" by being a pushover. - I thought it was  because you owned it. - I did. I also own this diner  and the bourbon distillery. - Yes, you are very  important--- - Important? [scoffs] [laughing] I am a pillar  of this community. But that egomaniac is too busy throwing his résumé in my face  to pay me my due respect. - You know what's funny? You two actually  have more in common than-- [tense fiddle notes] You like respect, got it. [chuckles awkwardly] [awkward fiddle music] Look at you, helping my son  overcome his challenges! That's nice! You know what else  would be nice? You showing Adams some respect. I don't know, just a thought. - [snorts] That was a snort.  Of derision. - I'm just saying, show some appreciation  for her accomplishments. Ooh, I know! Get her to sign a cover of "Bluegrass Businesswoman  Magazine" for ya! - Adams is like the toughest  guy in the prison yard. You don't go up to that guy  and ask him for an autograph. You punch him in the face. - With a... fist full of respect? - You know, when I was  teaching at Princeton-- - Mm, I was wondering when  you were gonna work that in. - I had a problem with  the president of Princeton. - Mm.  - The Princeton president. - I'm sorry, where?  - Princeton, New Jersey. - I can't hear you. - Princeton?  - I never heard of it. - Anyway, I invited him on a quail hunt. I totally outshot him, and I never had a problem  with him again, and that is exactly what I'm  gonna do with Adams tomorrow. - You know, it's one thing to shoot birds with some nerd, but Adams was on the cover of "Kentucky Huntress" magazine, and she doesn't own that one! [bell dings]  [sighs] This is gonna be a disaster. - I-- Who do I need  to bless around here to get a glass of warm milk? ["Battle Hymn of the Republic"  playing] ♪ ♪ choir: ♪ Mine eyes have seen  the glory ♪ ♪ Of the coming of the Lord ♪ ♪ He is trampling out  the vintage ♪ ♪ Where the grapes of wrath  are stored ♪ ♪ He hath loosed  the fateful lightning ♪ ♪ Of His terrible  swift sword ♪ ♪ His truth ♪ ♪ Is marching on ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Glory, glory, Hallelujah ♪ ♪ His truth is marching on ♪ [all humming] - Lord, please protect  our hunters today. May their sights be straight  and their aim be true. And may all the hunters  return to us safely. Amen. all:  ♪ His truth is marching ♪ ♪ On ♪ - Whoo-whee!  What a day to be a man, yeah! We are gonna pee outside and scratch ourselves and burp  and fart wherever we want. - You're a lucky woman, Ginny. - Oh, actually, we're getting divorced. - [whispering]  That's what I meant. - Hey, son, do you realize that  you are the seventh generation of Hawlings men  to hunt in these woods? Check this out. That's me when I was your age with my daddy  and my first kill. - Did you get many likes? How did you get this picture off your phone and on this raggedy piece of paper? - Magic, son. Magic. - Sorry I'm late. - Oh, looking snazzy, Arthur, like a distinguished  Elmer Fudd. - What is he doing here?  - I'm going hunting with you. She didn't tell you  I was coming? - You didn't tell me he was coming. - Surprise. Isn't it great?  It's gonna be great. You guys get to spend  some time together and get to know  each other better, and, plus, I hear Arthur's  a really good hunter. - No, I am an excellent hunter.  [others yelp] - Put the gun down, jackass.  It's bow-hunting season. And don't you dare  get in my way. That's how people get hurt,  accidentally or otherwise. - It's gonna be great!  [chuckles awkwardly] . - Remember what I told you, son. It's just like that game "Big Buck Hunter," except now you got a bow and there's better graphics, and we're bonding in the woods... instead of a bar. - Cool dog. What's his name? - Name's Boone. He's gonna help me find  a special kind of mushroom that grows underground  called a truffle. - Wait, you're not hunting deer like us? - No, no, I don't believe  in killing any living creature, especially something as beautiful and majestic  as a deer. - [clears throat] - Oh, uh, but I do believe in spending time  in the beautiful Kentucky woods with my best friend. - Yep, there's no one else I'd rather be out here with. Except for Dale Earnhardt Jr. I think that dude would be such a cool hang. - Ooh. [clears throat] - Now, you sure you know  how to use one of these? - Yeah, how hard can it be? Right, right, right, right. Got it. - I liked his way better. - You know, Adams is  a really great hunter. Maybe she could give you  a few pointers. - Does he strike you as the type of man that likes to have a woman explain things to him? - I don't mind, if the woman  has the proper credentials. - You want credentials? I was Miss Pulaski County, 19... [mumbles] And my talent was hitting ten bull's-eyes in a row while singing "America the Beautiful" in an evening gown. ♪ Oh, beautiful ♪ ♪ For spacious skies ♪ - What are you doing? - Uh, singing helps me focus. ♪ For amber waves of grain ♪ - [sings higher]  ♪ Grain ♪ - [sings higher] ♪ Grain ♪ ♪ That's what I'm singing ♪ - ♪ No, it's not, you're flat ♪ ♪ And never question  my perfect pitch ♪ - ♪ Go [bleep] yourself ♪ [truck door closes] - Time to head out, son. You're entering these woods  a boy and coming out a man... just like Mulan. - Uncle Dwayne, I think Boone found a truffle! - Well, I got my truffle shovel right here. - Hey, Cash, hey! Stop messing around. Deer hunting  is serious business. Step one-- we mask our scent  with deer urine. The trick is to spray it  into the air... and just walk  through the cloud. [sniffs] Yeah, that's nature's cologne. [upbeat folk music] [birds chirping] - So here's a fun one. What is your least favorite album from your favorite band? - Shh, shh, shh. You'll scare off the deer. - It's not sound that  scares them off, it's scent. - Mine is "Dig In Deep" by Miss Bonnie Raitt. - Let's hope  they don't catch a whiff of your overpowering  male arrogance. - [inhales sharply]  - Stand down, Cochran. This one's mine. [suspenseful folk music] ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, beautiful ♪ ♪ For spacious skies ♪ [changing pitch]  ♪ Sky--sky--sky--sky ♪ Oh! Damn it! You got in my head.  - Well, obviously not. If I was in your head, you would've known  how to hit that C-sharp. ♪ ♪ - Yeah, boy.  What a beaut. All right, son. This is your moment. Pull it back and let it rip. Or as our neighbor  Big Pat says about our Christmas lights  in April... take 'er down. - I can't do it. - Huh? What? Why not? - Like Uncle Dwayne said, why would you kill  a beautiful animal? - Because the ugly ones  don't taste as good. - But it's not fun  to hurt a living creature. And Uncle Dwayne said  the only thing a truffle hurts is your wallet when you're  trying to impress a date. - [chuckles] I did say that. That's a fun one. - What the hell, man? - I merely explained the benefits of gathering versus hunting. - There's three things  every man should know-- how to hunt,  how to make a fire, and how to pretend  he didn't notice a Whitney Houston song  just came on. You think a boy like Cash  is ready to process "I Will Always Love You"? - Just living my truth. But I'm sorry if that interferes with what you're trying to teach your boy. - You're setting  a bad example for Cash. Cash? Cash? Hey! Cash!  [whistles] I know I say this a lot, but... Ginny's not gonna like this. - First the choir, now hunting? Congratulations, you've ruined two things I love. - Come on, give me a third.  I'll go for the hat trick. - Okay, I'm sensing  a lot of mutual... respect here. - I'm gonna go retrieve my arrow. And when I get back, I want you gone! - [laughs]  You can't make me go! You don't own the woods. - Uh... just everything the light touches and the mineral rights below it. Yeah, I own the woods. - [grunts, yelping] [shouts] - Oh, look,  a Yankee piñata. - And it's filled with crushed nuts. . - You know, on the way home we could swing by Arthur's. It's never too late to mend fences. - I am not apologizing. That man ruined my streak. I have bagged a buck  on opening day every year since 19...  [mumbles] - Wait. What's Arthur's car still doing here? He left an hour ago. - Damn it. That big-city bastard  went and got himself lost. [sighs] - Arthur! ♪ ♪ - [sarcastically]  Arthur. - Arthur!  - Arthur? - Don't shoot! I'm not a deer.  I'm a choral conductor. I'm just a little lost. But I-I have friends nearby. - Over here. - Thank God. You know where they are?  - I have no idea. - You're lost, too? - Well, Reverend Jax says you're never lost if you have God in your heart. - So we're lost.  - Yeah. - Cash!  - Cash, hey! Where are you, son?  Come on, buddy! Cash! Damn it! You ruined my first  hunting trip with my son. I'm his dad. I'm supposed to be the one  teaching him how to be a man! - But there are many ways to express your masculinity. - Like my fist in your face. Let's go. Come on.  Huh? Playground rules-- no pantsing, no wedgies,  no purple nurples. All right? Now get on your knees  so it's a fair fight. Come on! [grunting] - Can we stop?  I'm tired. - Uh, why not? By the way,  how did you get lost? I thought you were  with your dad. - I was, but I left when Uncle Dwayne and him got in a fight. - [chuckles]  I can guess who won that one. I also got in a fight today  with Adams. - I can guess who won that one.  - Actually, she did. - Yeah. That was my guess. - What?  She's tough. I've never had a singer  I couldn't get to fall in line. - Do you want me to put in a good word for you? These dimples buy a lot of goodwill. - Nah. Maybe. - Arthur! Arthur! We got to find him.  - Do we? A night in the woods  changes a man, and God knows  he can't get any worse. - Okay. Now, I say this with love and a little bit of fear, but the way you've been acting lately, you should be on the cover of "Bluegrass Bitch" magazine! [gasps] - Excuse you? And excuse me  for trying to protect you from a disrespectful blowhard  who only cares about himself. - Now, that's not true. He's real good with Cash. - Of course he is! Only a monster could resist  those dimples. - [chuckles] Well... - And I know you were  taking a shot at me, but I think there could be a real market  for "Bluegrass Bitch." Merchandise. Ball caps, theme song. - Arthur! - Come on, man. You're not mad at me. You mad at that prison that is toxic masculinity. - [voice cracks]  Shut up! Your gentle-giant mumbo-jumbo  is no match for my crazed  adrenaline strength. [screams] [up-tempo bluegrass music] What was that? - I took an online course  in aikido, the Japanese art  of self-defense. I learned how to blend  with your attack... - [grunts] - And contain  your macho energy. - [gurgles and shouts] - Feels good, doesn't it?  - No! - They say for happiness, a person needs  about 12 hugs a day, mm-hmm. - Really? No! I will not give in to your strong, reassuring warmth. [straining] [moans] - There it is. - Man... [pants] I just wanted this trip to go well. [pants] I already... failed Ginny as a husband. I can't fail Cash, too. - You know, I don't have kids  of my own, but... I know that being great dad means allowing your children  to follow their own path. You know  who I learned that from? - Mr. Rogers? - You.  - Yeah? - You know,  my dad never got me. Always picked on me  because I wouldn't hunt, play football, or fight. You were the only person  who accepted me. [soft folk music] And I know you can  do the same for Cash. ♪ ♪ - Thanks, man. - Anytime, buddy. - Guys? What's going on? - Progress, Ginny. Progress. - Where's Cash? - Oh, yeah, uh, well, we kind of lost him, but, uh, we searched all over--  - You lost Cash? What the crap, Wayne? Cash! - Cash!  - Cash! - Cash! - Yep, I told you she  wasn't going to like that. - Yeah, at least it'll be easier than that time you lost him in a corn maze. - Yeah, that was a long  Labor Day weekend. - Maybe this is a sign I should move back to New York. At least there, somebody would've found us and mugged us by now. Hey, Huckleberry Finn. Careful where you're poking your stick. There might be something living in there. - Yeah, like a truffle! Uh, truffles don't move,  do they? - Cash, get back!  It might be a snake! Oh. - Cash!  - Come on out, buddy! - Cash!  - Cash! [distant high-pitched scream] . - Oh, my God, Cash! Honey, are you okay? - Yeah, we heard a scream. - That wasn't me. - [high-pitched yelping] - Yeah,  look who's the soprano now. - It's called a head voice. - I was poking my stick  at an animal, and it got mad,  but Arthur protected me. - What kind of an-- Oh, good Lord, that's a skunk. Ooh, let's get the H-E-double-hockey-sticks out of here. - It got me in the--  in the eyes. - It's not as bad as it seems. it's just an oily compound they spray from their anal glands. - Which--what? [laid-back folk music] ♪ ♪ - Oh, how's that stew coming? I'm sorry no one killed a deer today. Actually, I love deer, and I don't wish to see them harmed, so in the words of the great Demi Lovato, "Sorry, not sorry." - The men are back  from hunting... - Ooh.  - And we bring you... both:  Mushrooms! - Which aren't as fancy  as truffles, but they're easier to find. - I am so proud of you, baby!  - That boy's a natural. - Hey, Ginny, get a picture. I want to commemorate  our first hunt together. - Oh, first of many, I bet. - Say "truffles."  both: Truffles! - All right, Dwayne. Clean 'em up, and let's  throw 'em in that stew. - Uh, okay. Edible... poisonous... extremely hallucinogenic. Okay... [mysterious music] - You know, I've performed  baptisms in that tub, and tomato juice  is mostly water, so if you wanted to convert-- - Get away from me. - Not the right time.  I completely understand. - Are you here to gloat? - No, I'm bringing  a peace offering. Vodka to go  with your tomato juice. I call it a "Bloody Arthur." - Feels like gloating. - I still think  you're arrogant and rude, unnecessarily pretentious, couldn't hit a deer  with your car. - I'm waiting for a "but." - You're always  interrupting people. However... you're good for Cash,  and who knows? Maybe you'll be good  for the rest of us, too. So, from now on, I will allow you  to lead the choir. - Because I am the choir leader? - Because I allowed it. - Deal. - The vittles are ready! "Vittles" is  a Southern word for "food." - Yeah, I've seen "The Beverly Hillbillies." - Or as my missionary parents  called it, "You Think They're Rich, You Should See  The Mansions In Heaven." - [groans] - Needs olives. - I see a couple of  little olives right there. [upbeat bluegrass music] ♪ ♪ - You wish. [dog barks, whines] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 