Diff'rent Strokes: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Diff'rent Strokes 
 s1e2 - The Social Worker - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Diff'rent Strokes (1978–1986): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Social Worker - full transcript 
 A social worker investigates the boys' home life and tells Mr. Drummond that she believes black children belong in black households. When Drummond tells this to Mrs. Garrett while she is vacuuming the living room, Arnold overhears this and comes to the conclusion that he doesn't want them around anymore. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Everybody's got a special kind of story ♪ Everybody finds a way to shine ♪ It don't matter that you got 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Not a lot, so what? ♪ They'll have theirs you'll have yours ♪ And I'll have mine ♪ And together we'll be fine ♪ 'Cause it takes ♪ Diff'rent Strokes to move the world, yes, it does ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world! ♪ Boo! Arnold, what are you doing in there? Scaring the buns off you. Young man, what have you been told about hiding and jumping out at people? That's the only way somebody my size is gonna scare anybody your size. Yeah, well, watch yourself. Because somebody my size might decide to keep somebody your size 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 from getting any bigger. You got that, Arnold? Got it. All right, dear. Boo! Willis? Arnold? Boys? Now, why are the drapes closed? It's such a lovely day. Arnold, that is the second time this week that you've scared me half to death. Which half did I get this time? Please, don't do that again. All right, Mr. Drummond. And where's Willis? I have to talk to you boys about something very important. Uh-oh. Whatever it is, I didn't do it. No. Arnold, you're not in any trouble. Yet. But have patience, the day's just started. Do you want me, Mr. Drummond? Yes, please. Now, you boys know that there's a social worker dropping by today to see how you're doing, right? Yeah. Right. Now, it's very important to all of us that she sees how much you like it here. But you said if we wanted to leave, the door was always open. That's right, Willis. Now, I'm gonna tell the social worker how much I like you guys. It might be helpful if you could say something, you know, complimentary about me. Okay, I'll tell her you got all your own teeth. I thank you. And my dentist thanks you. But that's not exactly what I meant. Arnold, what could you say? I could say this is a place I wanna die and be buried. Right here in this room with a color TV and stereo. Yeah, just like King Tut. Yeah, King Tut. Who's that? It might be better if you just simply said that you couldn't imagine wanting to live anywhere else. Except Harlem. You know what I like about Harlem? What? That I ain't there. Well, I miss the gang of kids. If you behave yourself, Willis, today, I'll buy you your own gang of kids. We'll give it a try. We'll do what you say. Thanks, Willis. Now, let's see. What could you say about me that's nice? And still truthful, of course. We could say you're a real cool dude. A real cool dude? You know, I like that. The last cool dude we knew, he got five years for stealing a hot car. Yeah. Then he got spanked by his mommy, 'cause he wasn't old enough to drive. All right. Okay, fellas, get ready for breakfast. And that social worker could be here any minute. All right, Mr. Drummond. Okay, Mr. Drummond. Are you Mr. Drummond? Yes. Ms. Aimsly. Social worker. Oh, yes. Please, come in. Can I get you a drink, Mrs. Aimsly? Ms. Aimsly. And I never drink on the job. Do you drink, Mr. Drummond? Oh, never. Never. Won't you please sit down? Now, then, the children. Yes. Those happy, well-adjusted little tots. Boys? Coming, Mr. Drummond. Coming, Mr. Drummond. Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Drummond. Yeah. We would have been here sooner, but we were up there counting our blessings. Boys, there is someone here I want you to meet. This is Arnold. And this is Willis Jackson. Boys, this is Ms. Aimsly, a social worker, who's come to pay our happy home a visit. How do you do? I'm happy Willis. And I'm delirious Arnold. Charmed, I'm sure. You're Arnold. You're Willis. Yes, ma'am. We also got a happy goldfish named Abraham. And he's the only goldfish we ever saw laugh. Happy children making happy jokes. So you boys are really happy living here? If this was heaven, I'd kill myself tomorrow. This Mr. Drummond is a real cool dude. Did you hear that? "A real cool dude." Well, I must say that you children certainly do have a lovely place to live in. Confidentially, the man is loaded. L-O-D-I-D. And he sure treats us right. You know, children can be spoiled that way. Well, if you're gonna turn bad, that's the way to do it. Now, boys, I'm strict, too. I always tell you right from wrong. Oh, and wrong from right. Whichever we happen to get involved in first. Boys, have you ever lived in a non-black neighborhood before? Just once. When our landlord in Harlem painted our building white. Arnold, do you miss seeing other black children your age? No, ma'am. If I miss seeing a black kid my age, all I got to do is look in the mirror. Well, I guess that's all the questions that I have for the boys. All right, boys, you can run up to your room and listen to your classical records. Perhaps Peter and the Wolf. I know you like the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairies. Far out, man. Those are our favorites. Yeah. Them fairies are something else. Come, little brother. Children, just a minute. I want you to take my card. We can never be too careful in these cases. And I want you to feel free to call me, should the need arise. Oh, we won't be needing anything. We even got a phone in the car. Yeah. And if you don't have anything to do yourself sometime, you can give us a buzz. Come, little brother. It was a pleasure meeting you, Ms. Aimsly. For me, likewise. Come. A very civilized person, isn't she? A wonderful human being. Aren't they adorable? Yes. And you've coached them very well. Now, then, Mr. Drummond, I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask you. Yes? You also have a teenage daughter. Kimberly. She's 13. She's at boarding school, but she comes home weekends to keep me from using the phone. Now, then, Mr. Drummond, I understand you're a widower. And when it comes to women, do you... Yes, I do. Well, the boys seem to be getting along just fine. And frankly, I'm surprised. Why should you be? Well, it's been my observation that white children are usually happier in white families, and black children with black families. Oh, really? Mmm-hmm. But then it just might be that money can buy happiness. It must be nice to be L-O-D-I-D. It's true. I do have money, but I really care a lot for those boys. Good. Goodbye. Goodbye. Mrs. Garrett, I'm a very fortunate man. Yeah, you sure are to have a gem of a housekeeper like me. I was referring to the boys, but you, too. Thanks. Do you know what that social worker was just telling me? That it's been her observation that black children belong with black families. Black children what? Black children belong with black families! Willis, sit up. What for? Just sit up. Arnold, what's the matter? Just shut up and give me a hanky. Now, tell me why you're crying. Never mind. Oh, now, come on, Arnold. We've always been straight. You know, brother to brother, right? Yeah. And now that Mama and Papa have died, we got to look out for each other. I know. Arnold, when you hurt, I hurt. Now, stop crying and tell me what's bugging you. Well... Mr. Drummond said we belong with a black family. I heard him telling Mrs. Garrett. He said, "Black children belong with black families." Are you sure he said that? I heard him. My ears aren't painted on. Now, why would he say a thing like that? You know, he likes us. It doesn't make sense. I wouldn't lie to you, Willis. What I heard is what I heard. And all the time I thought there was one dude who was colorblind. What are we gonna do, Willis? Don't worry about it. I'm your big brother and I'll take care of it. I'm sure glad you're my big brother. Me, too, short stuff. Why would he pretend to like us, Willis? I guess 'cause we're the latest fad in honky land. What does that mean? It means we better get out of here before he puts us in a jockey suit and plants us on the front lawn. A lovely tune. Good evening, Mrs. Garrett. Hi, Mr. Drummond. Hasn't this been an absolutely terrific day? My, we're in an especially good mood this evening. And why not? I had a wonderful day at the office. I've got two fine boys, and I walked home all the way through Central Park without being mugged. It's a little joke. Oh, when they're that little, they really need a magnifying glass. Well, I'll go up and call the boys for dinner. Forget it. They've already eaten. What? Yes. They went out and bought pizza and beans. Went out and bought? Yes, sir. The only one who ever walked out on my cooking was my ex-husband. And that was only because I tried to poison him. Now, that's a joke. I think I better have a talk with the boys. Oh, by the way, that social worker called three times. Her number's on the pad there. I wonder what she wants. Ms. Aimsly, Philip Drummond here. What? I can't believe that. But I... Well, yes, under the circumstances... Very well. I'll be expecting you. Ms. Aimsly is bringing a black couple here tomorrow morning. Oh, adopting two more children? Why not? The more, the merrier. Just the opposite, I'm afraid. He ain't coming yet. Keep looking. What do you think he'll do 'cause we called the social worker? He'll probably throw a party after we leave. Yeah. Maybe we could leave later. I sure hate to miss a good party. Uh-oh. He's coming up. Remember now, if he don't want us here, we'll show him we don't care. Get up there. Good evening, fellas. You see that, Arnold? Yeah. What's so funny, guys? The whites are attacking the Indians, and the Indians are winning. Oh, man, talk about a fast haircut. Oh. Oh. Willis, I understand that you called that social worker this afternoon. Yeah, I had a chat with the lady. And just what did you tell her? I thought we'd be better off with a black family. In case you hadn't noticed, we're black. But you were happy this morning. I mean, what's the problem? It's just that things ain't working out. You know, man, blacks belong with black and whites belong with white. Unless you happen to be a zebra. I don't understand. I thought you liked it here. Why do you want to leave? 'Cause we'd like it better somewhere else. I see. Well... All I want to do is what's best for you guys 'cause I love you. But if that's the way you want it... A black couple's coming here tomorrow morning to see you. Good night, boys. Well, I guess we told the man. Yeah. For a guy who don't want us to stay, he sure is pretending like he does. Yeah. You know, if he wanted us to stay, he would have tried harder. But he didn't say one word about us staying. He sure can put on a good act. This is a tough world we live in, Willis. There's only two people we can trust, and that's you and me. Right. And sometimes, I ain't so sure about you. Come on, Mr. Drummond, cheer up. Eat your breakfast. I hardly slept a wink all night, thinking about those kids. How can I eat? It's easy. You take your little forkie-poo, and then you stick it in the eggie-poo, and then you put it in your mouthie-poo. That makes me sickie-poo. I still can't understand why the boys want to leave. Just tell me one thing that I did wrong. Well, sometimes, you're a little overbearing, and you can be a perfectionist, and you can be very demanding. I only asked for one thing. Wait, that was the bad news. Now, for the good news. I could use some. Well, you're very kind and loving. And you make a wonderful father. You really think so? Oh, yeah. Besides, look at what they've got here. I'm telling you, these kids are living in the lap of luxury. Confidentially, this place would make the greatest garage sale in history. What's a garage sale? "What's a garage sale?" Now, that's what I call rich. Oh, believe me, Mr. Drummond, that black couple's gonna have to be something else before those boys will give up all this and leave you. Thanks, Mrs. Garrett, you really cheered me up. Now, all I feel is miserable. I'll get it. Good morning, Ms. Aimsly. Please, come in. Thank you. Please, come in. Thank you. Mr. Drummond, this is the couple I was telling you about. Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. How do you do, sir? How do you do, Mr. Thompson? Mrs. Thompson. Hello. Please, sit down. Thank you. Charming place you have here, Drummond. Thank you, Thompson. It reminds me of our little flat in London. Your little flat? Oh, our main home's on Long Island. We use the London place just for weekends. May I ask what line of business you're in, Mr. Thompson? Well, you know all the oil the Arabs have? Yes. Someone has to sell them the barrels. Mr. Drummond, the children. Oh, yes. Yes, of course. Willis? Arnold? Would you come down here, please? Oh, Jeffrey, look at the darling little one. This darling little one is my goldfish. I'm the darling next size up. Boys, I want you to meet Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. This is Arnold. And this is Willis. Hello, Arnold, Willis. Hi. How do you do? And they're simply marvellous boys. I'm in love with them already. Well, we're packed and ready to make tracks. Yeah, well, tell us something about yourselves. How old are you? Eight, trying for nine. I'm 13. Trying to get out of here. Well, I know we're going to make one big happy family. I'm sure. As I told you yesterday, Mr. Drummond, black children belong with black families. You said that? That's right. You said Mr. Drummond said that. He did say it. What do you want, an instant replay? Hold it, boys. What did I say? You said that black children belong with black families. I heard you say it. I was standing right up there and looking down on your bald spot. So, that's it. You boys started all this because you thought... Arnold, you little... Dummy. Thank you, Willis. Come here, Arnold. Oh, Arnold, you only overheard a part of the conversation. I was merely repeating what this rather opinionated lady here said. I am not opinionated. I was merely repeating what the computer said. You can tell your computer to go suck a lemon. Willis. Arnold, what you did was a very natural mistake. I mean, sometimes people hear a part of a conversation, and they jump to the wrong conclusion. Why, when I was only nine, I overheard my father talking, and I was sure he wanted to sell me. How much did he get for you? No, it wasn't me, it was just some stock. But I learned a very important lesson. Misunderstandings do occur. But see, when you love someone, well, then, you discuss it first before you do anything about it. Do you hear that, lame brain? Yeah, I heard. I guess there's only one thing bigger than my ears. My mouth. Mr. Drummond, will you take me and shorty here back? Willis, if you boys had left, I was thinking about leaving with you. Olivia, are you thinking what I'm thinking? Yeah, baby. It's obvious that these boys belong here. Black or white, it's love that counts. Mr. Drummond, I think I will tell my computer to go suck a lemon. Well, if there's any time you'd like to come out to the island and swim in our pool, or go fishing off our yacht, we'd love to have you. Yes, we'd love to have you. You got a swimming pool? Yeah. And a yacht, too? Yes, indeed. Mr. Thompson, you better leave your name and address, just in case. ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Everybody's got a special kind of story ♪ Everybody finds a way to shine ♪ It don't matter that you got ♪ Not a lot, so what? ♪ They'll have theirs you'll have yours ♪ And I'll have mine ♪ And together we'll be fine ♪ 'Cause it takes ♪ Diff'rent Strokes to move the world, yes, it does ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 