Diff'rent Strokes: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Diff'rent Strokes 
 s1e16 - Willis' Privacy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Diff'rent Strokes (1978–1986): Season 1, Episode 16 - Willis' Privacy - full transcript 
 Willis starts to feel that Arnold is a nuisance and wants his own space away from him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Everybody's got a special kind of story ♪ Everybody finds a way to shine ♪ It don't matter that you got 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Not a lot, so what? ♪ They'll have theirs you'll have yours ♪ And I'll have mine ♪ And together we'll be fine ♪ 'Cause it takes ♪ Diff'rent Strokes to move the world, yes, it does ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world! ♪ Super Arnold is ready for action. Monster spotted on the Empire State Building. So long, wood monster, I'm turnin' you into toothpicks with my zowie zap gun. Zap, zap, zap. Super Arnold saves New York again. Hmm. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, I think I'll go save Cleveland. Hey, Arnold, Vernon and me got work to do. Go play somewhere else. No, I want to play here. This is my room, too. Get a load of super mouse. Watch it, Vernon. The last dude who talked to me like that, I laserized his nose. Come on, Arnold. We ain't got time to play kiddy games with you. A salami sandwich and pretzels? Arnold, how many times have I told you not to put food in my drawer? I had to. I ran out of room in mine. Want some tico tacos? Arnold, I'm tellin' you for the last time, don't put food in my drawer. I don't like mustard on my socks. Would you rather have mayonnaise? Come on, Willis, let's get this stuff set up. All right. Hey, what are you guys doin'? Vernon's helping me with my class project. Vernon takes pictures for the school paper in Harlem. That's right. And a picture by Vernon is worth a thousand words. I've seen your pictures and the first word is "blurry". Arnold, get your A out of here. Willis. Vernon. I told you guys, this is my room, too. That's the problem. I got no quiet, no privacy, no place to go and think deep thoughts. Would you scram, Arnold? You're always in the way. I won't be in the way if I help. Here, smile, wherever you are. Give me that. Oh, man, you put your greasy fingers all over the lens. Go take a walk to Hawaii. Okay, take your dumb pictures. I got something better to do. I got a date on the moon with Lois Lane. Ta-da! Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it is Super Arnold. And Super Arnold is ready for his super snack. Super Arnold already has had his super snack. Arnold, doesn't your stomach ever get filled up? Yeah, but I can never get rid of that empty feeling I have in my mouth. Well, I guess battling the forces of evil must make a guy pretty hungry, right? Okay, Arnold, I'll give you a couple of cookies. Hey, how about takin' some up to Willis and his friend? Nah. Willis would probably snatch the cookies out of my mouth and bounce me out on my butt. Oh? Are you and Willis on the outs? Well, Willis wants me out of the room and you can't get much outer than that. I'm sure it's just that photography project he's working on for school. It's very important to him. Hey, listen, everybody. I need to take some more pictures of you guys for my school project of Mr. D and Mrs. G. But what's a picture of Mr. D and Mrs. G without little me? Arnold, I got enough pictures of your toothless face. Who are the pictures for, Willis? See, I got this project called, "Interesting people I know". Oh. Yeah. And we already took some shots of the doorman, the janitor, and that crazy guy who lives on Eighth Avenue who plays the ukulele with his toes. I would be honored to be included in such distinguished company. Hey, why don't we all go in the living room? There's much more room in there. Okay, Willis, what do you want me to do? Play the spoons with my knees? Nothin' like that, Mrs. Garrett. I want natural pictures. Okay. You vacuumin', and Mr. D laughin' at one of his own jokes. If I don't, who will? Come on, you guys. Hey! Okay, you guys, where do you guys wanna take the pictures at? Hey, Willis, how about a shot of them standin' on the balcony? I hope them pigeons don't mistake 'em for statues. Hey, listen. Take one of me sitting at my desk with Mrs. Garrett standing beside me. Get us both with one shot. That's a good idea. Terrific. Oh, dear. How does my hair look? Oh, it looks very nice, Mrs. Garrett. How's mine? Lovely. I wouldn't worry about your hair. With Willis takin' the picture the top of your heads won't be in it. Oh, get out of the way. Hey, Vernon. I'm shootin' at 1/30th of a second at f-2. Okay? Yeah. That's perfect. It'll be even more perfect if you take the cap off the lens. See what you made me do? You got me so bugged, I forgot to take it off. Come on, Arnold. Watch it, Earth man. You're messin' with a dude who's faster than a speedin' bullet and more powerful than a locomotive. Arnold, you better get your locomotive out of here before Willis lets you have it in your caboose. I get the picture. Okay, you guys. On the count of three. One, two, three. Arnold. I told you to get out of there. I can't help it. When I see a camera, I lose control. Hey, Willis, you got a bad case of "little brother". I'll go get the developin' stuff ready. All right, man. Mr. Drummond. Yeah? I'm gettin' tired of Arnold always hangin' around me. Well, I think you hang around me. Wherever I go, you're always there. All right. Hold it. I think this is a case for the Justice Department. We'll talk about it later at bedtime. And that's another thing. Why do I have to go to bed when Arnold goes to bed? I'm 13 and he's only eight. I wanna be treated different because I'm older. Well, Willis, I guess you do have a point there. And that's another thing. Arnold's always under my feet. I'll never have any privacy until he gets married. Married? On my allowance? I'm tellin' you for the last time, Arnold, stay out of my way. Man, I sure hate havin' Willis mad at me. He doesn't like me anymore. We used to be like brothers. Oh, now, Arnold, don't feel that way. Come here. Now, listen. Willis didn't say he didn't like you, did he, Mrs. Garrett? Of course not. He was sayin' that at his age, he just needs a little more space. But I don't take up that much space. He just doesn't love me anymore. Oh, of course, he does. He may be a little upset with you at the moment, but pretty soon he'll be treatin' you in the same old way. I hope so. I sure miss the nice way he used to call me "knucklehead". Don't worry, Arnold. You'll soon be a knucklehead again. Thank you. And in the meantime, it might not be a bad idea, if you just kind of, you know, stayed out of his way a little. Okay? Okay. But I'm bound to bump into him sooner or later. We both use the same john, you know. Yeah, I know. Hey, I suddenly know why Willis is actin' so cuckoo. You do? Yeah. He's goin' through that thing I heard about. What thing? Well, it comes at the same time as pimples. They call it puberty. Hey, man, you sure it's dark enough in here to develop pictures? Close the door and turn on the red light. All right. Oh, no, Arnold! You've ruined my pictures! I didn't even know you were in the bathroom. Can't you stay out of my business? I got business of my own to do in there. Nothin' left for us to do now, Willis. We got to start all over and take some more pictures. If you'll listen to me, you'll tie him up, give him away or mail him out of town. I'll see you later, man. Yeah. I'll check with you, blood. Come out of there, Arnold! Come on! You're in there, come on! I've just about had it with you. There's just no privacy with you around. Your nose is always where it doesn't belong. My nose is right where I left it. You know what I mean. It's either in my drawer or my closet. Or I'll bet you even stuck it in my secret journal. I didn't even know you kept a secret journal. Oh, yeah? I'll bet you read what I wrote about being a brain surgeon. Not a brain surgeon, an astronaut. I thought so, Arnold. That does it. That really does it. You know you're not supposed to look in my secret things. It was in my... Boys, hold it, hold it! Hey, hold it. Hold it! What's all the ruckus about? Willis is mad at me 'cause I had to go to the bathroom. I was developing my film in there and he ruined them. It was an accident. Now, Willis, I don't think Arnold would do that on purpose. It don't make no difference. Every time I turn around, there's Arnold or his toys. I can't take it anymore. Is there any way I can get my own room? Your own room? Hey, that's a great idea. Then, I won't be kept awake every night with his snoring. I don't snore. I'll wake you up some time so you can hear it. Now, hold it, Willis. Listen, I understand your problem, but you know we don't have another bedroom in this apartment. I'll sleep any place. I'll even sleep in the laundry room. Well, there isn't room for a bed in there. Then I'll stay here and let Arnold sleep in the dryer. Uh-uh. I ain't leavin' this room. You can sleep in the waterbed. We don't have a waterbed. We will when you get in the bathtub and I turn on the faucet. Now, just... Guys, hold it. That is enough, you guys. Now look, listen. Part of being brothers is learning how to live with people. And you better start learning. You better start by learning to get along with each other right here in this room. Now, shake hands. Willis, Arnold, shake hands. Come on. All right. Now, you two be nice to each other. We will, Mr. Drummond. We will, Mr. Drummond. Okay. Well, if I can't have my own room, I'm gonna have the next best thing to it. We're going to divide this room in half. Okay. I'll take the half from the floor up to here. You can have the rest of the way up to the ceiling. We're dividing this room equally. And as of right now, I'm not talkin' to you anymore. What you talkin' about, Willis? I said, what you talkin' about, Willis? Willis, Willis, ain't you talkin' to me? Okay. I ain't talking to you, either. If I was talkin' to somebody, I'd say he better get all of his stuff out of the dresser, because it's on my side of the room. Well, if I was talkin' to somebody, I'd say he'd better get all of his stuff out of my closet, because it's lowering the property value on my side of the room. I see somebody left their fish food in my drawer. I guess some goldfish is gonna wind up suckin' gravel. Hey, Willis. Don't worry, Abraham. I'll get you some food. Somebody touched your food and got your nice dry worms dirty. But it sure is nice to be alone in my own room. Yep. It sure is nice to be alone in my own room. You know, Abraham, this room will be just perfect if I could get rid of the echo. Since the door to the room is on my side, I think I'll charge 25 cents to let people out. Since the bathroom is on my side, I think I'll charge a dollar to let people in. Well, I guess I'll have a look at the television since it's on my side of the room. Oh. You know, there's one thing I can't stand in my own room, Abraham, and that's noise. Get down here, and shake with it. Get down here. Get down. Somebody better give somebody else that remote control unit or he's gonna get it. I hear a voice, but I don't see anybody. But does he see this? Now, he sees it. And what's he gonna do about it? He's gonna call the police 'cause the fist is on my property. Get out of here! Give me that remote, you munchkin. You little, wild turkey. Hey, what's all the shouting about? Hold it. Why is all the furniture rearranged here? Willis wanted to divide this room in half. So I can have some privacy. Now, look, fellas, there's got to be a better solution to the problem than this. There is. Sell Willis to the circus. And the first thing I'd do is shoot you out of a cannon. Now, you're not gonna solve anything until you stop bickering. Don't look at me. I ain't said a single bick. Now, listen. I know you want privacy, but this simply is not the way to get it. Now, Willis, there must be some way for you to get along. As long as he stays away from me, we'll get along just fine. I'll do better than that. I'll stay twice as far from Willis as he stays from me. Mr. Drummond, would you please tell somebody who I ain't talkin' to, not to mention my name out loud? And Mr. Drummond, would you please tell somebody who I ain't talkin' to that as of now, I don't even remember his name? That's good, you... All right, all right! You two people who aren't talkin' had better listen to somebody that is. Now, just cool it. That's an order. Now, you've blown this thing out of all proportion, both of you. You get your act together. Cool down and we'll talk this out after dinner. Now remember, boys, I meant what I said. Oh, hi, Arnold. Ready for dinner? I start being ready for dinner as soon as I finish breakfast. Where's Willis? You mean my ex-brother? He went out a few hours ago to take some more dumb pictures. Mrs. Garrett, when are we gonna eat? As soon as Willis gets here. He knows dinner is at this time. He probably won't want to eat with me unless we cut the table in half. Oh, now, Arnold, I'm sure you and Willis can patch things up. You know, even the famous Wright brothers, Orville and Wilbur, had an argument when they had their first flight. Oh, yeah? What about? Well, they both wanted to sit next to the window. Orville is lucky that Willis wasn't his brother 'cause Willis would've shoved him out of the plane. Oh, listen, Arnold. Willis has come to an age where he wants his privacy. And you will, too, someday. Now Willis may be a little mad at you right now, but, you know, he really loves you. You think so? Oh, sure. It's only when people really love each other that they get so angry at one another. Then he must really love me a lot. Of course he does. And I know you love him a lot, too. I'll get that, Mrs. Garrett. Okay. Hello? Hi, Mr. Drummond. It's Willis. Oh, Willis, where are you? In Harlem? What are you doing there? I took some more pictures and Vernon's helping me develop them. Oh, but it's dinnertime. I'll come pick you up at Vernon's. They invited me to eat here. I see. Yes. Is he comin' home for dinner? Hold a second. No, he's eating there. They're serving black-eyed peas, cornbread and collard greens. Ask him if they got room for one more. Well, I'll pick you up after dinner then. Mr. Drummond, can I stay the night over at Vernon's house? Well, all right. Well, then, when shall I pick you up? You see, Mr. Drummond, it's like this... I see. Yes. Well, I think I understand, Willis. Well, we'll have to talk about this, Willis. Very well. You call me first thing in the morning. What's up, Mr. Drummond? Oh, it's nothing. He just wants to sleep at Vernon's tonight. Oh. Yeah, sure. My brother who loves me so much can't stand me. Oh, no, no, it's not that, Arnold. It's just that Vernon's brother's away, so Willis can use his room just for tonight. You get it? Yeah. He can't stand me. Arnold, you didn't touch your soup. Well, I touched it. I just don't feel like swallowin' it. This has gone far enough. Willis isn't sure he wants to come home for a while. Oh, my. Is it that bad? Well, I think I better put a stop to this before it gets any worse. First thing tomorrow morning, I'm going to have a little talk with Willis. Can you hear me up there, God? It's me, Arnold Jackson. The little kid on Park Avenue. Well... I know it's kind of late, but I figured if I'm up, so are you. See, I got this problem. It's my brother, Willis. He left 'cause he's mad at me, and, well, and I miss him even if he hits me with pillows and makes my life miserable. I promise if you send him back, that he can have the whole place. I mean, I don't need that much room, I can sleep in a drawer. So, please, send him back to me and if there's ever a favor I can do for you, just let me know. Amen, 10-4, over and out. Good night. Now, that's what I call service. Thanks. You're welcome. You talkin' to me? Well, you just talked to me. Well, I wasn't... Oh, what's the difference just as long as we're talkin'? How come you're back? Well, there I was at Vernon's, developing film that you didn't wreck, and in every one there was your silly face smiling at me. Well, I know it's silly, but it's the only face I got. And then I started thinkin' about this room and how it just wouldn't be the same without you and your junk to trip over. And me and my junk were thinkin' the same about you. I'm sorry that I yelled at you, Arnold. Aw! That's okay. I'd rather have you yell at me than anybody. You're a great yeller. I get a lot of practice with you around. Thanks. Well, good night, Arnold. Good night, Willis. ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Yes, it does It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 