Diff'rent Strokes: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Diff'rent Strokes 
 s1e20 - Getting Involved - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Diff'rent Strokes (1978–1986): Season 1, Episode 20 - Getting Involved - full transcript 
 Arnold witnesses a mugging with his telescope. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Everybody's got a special kind of story ♪ Everybody finds a way to shine ♪ It don't matter that you got 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Not a lot, so what? ♪ They'll have theirs you'll have yours ♪ And I'll have mine ♪ And together we'll be fine ♪ 'Cause it takes ♪ Diff'rent Strokes to move the world, yes, it does ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world! ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Hey, everybody! Mr. Drummond, Kimberly, Willis, Mrs. Garrett! Coming. Hey, what's going on? What's happening? Arnold, what is it? I just saw a big holdup! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Holdup? Come on. A holdup! Yes! I was looking through my telescope and I saw this one dude stick a gun in another dude's back and hold him up. Show me where, Arnold. It's too late. The guy split on a motorcycle and the other one ran away. Right on the street? In broad daylight? Nobody wasn't even paying any attention. Arnold, was one of the dudes naked, throwing dollar bills in the air? I don't know about the rest of you, but that question sounds very strange to me. That's 'cause it came from a very strange place. Arnold made up this story about seeing a naked lady throwing dollar bills in the air. He's making this one up, too. No, I'm not! If I'm lying, may my missing front teeth never grow in. Now, listen, Arnold. Just tell us what these people looked like. Well, the guy with the gun was white and real tall. How tall is real tall? Over four feet. Well, what about the guy he held up, Arnold? The guy he held up was black, and he was wearing a dress. A man wearing a dress? Why would a man wear a... Forget I asked that. He was also wearing a funny red hat, like an organ grinder's monkey. And the holdup man got away on a motorcycle? Uh-huh. And the driver was a lady with a beard. Well, Daddy, do you think we ought to call the police? Uh-uh. We ought to call a head shrinker. Arnold just flew over the cuckoo's nest. Listen, I'm trying very hard to believe you, so let's go over the facts, huh? In broad daylight, you saw a tall man of four feet holding up another man wearing a dress and a red monkey hat, and he escaped on a motorcycle driven by a bearded lady. Is that what you said? Yeah, but I forgot that the bearded lady was wearing a red banana. I mean bandana. What are we gonna do? I know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna write me a letter to the liars' club and tell them I got the new champ. You may be short, Arnold, but you've got a tall imagination. The next time you see a holdup man, bring him home. While I vacuum the furniture, he can hold up the couch. Come on, Arnold. Guess you think I'm lying too, Mr. D. No, Arnold. I don't think you're lying. I just think you have a very active imagination. I had one, too, when I was a little boy. I remember once I woke up the whole household, yelling, "There's a Martian on the lawn! "There's a Martian on the lawn!" What was it really? It was a drunk, carrying a TV antenna. Nobody believes me. But I know what I saw. Hello, operator? Get me the police. Hello, police? This is a person. I want to report a holdup. My name is Arnold Jackson. I'll spell it for you, so you won't get it wrong in the headlines. That's capital "A," small R-N-O-L-D. I'm coming, I'm coming. ♪ Your chime is my chime ♪ Excuse me, lady. Police. Police? Please, lady, don't be nervous. I'm only as nervous as a person should be when a nine-foot cop comes to the door and says, "Don't be nervous." Lady, would you mind if I sat down? My feet are killing me. You won't believe this, but I really do have flat feet. So do I. Come on in, sit down. Thanks. Who is it, Mrs. Garrett? A flatfoot. I mean, the police. Flatfoot, cops, fuzz, whatever they call us, we're all underpaid. What can I do for you, Officer? Detective Sergeant Morison. One "R," one "S." Philip Drummond. The usual way. Does an Arnold Jackson live here? That's my son. What about him? Terrific. I guess he didn't tell you. He called us to say he saw a holdup. Oh, no. Arnold! Come down here. Sergeant, I'm sure this is just a little boy's imagination gone wild. I'm terribly sorry about this. I'm afraid he made the whole thing up, Officer. He... Excuse me. You want me, Mr. Drummond? Mmm-hmm. Is this your son? That's right. Now that's what I call affirmative action. Arnold, this is Sergeant Morison from the police station. He has come to see you. He has? Now, Arnold, I want you to listen to me very carefully. I want you to look Sergeant Morison right in the eye and tell him the truth about that holdup today. Yes, sir. Right in the eye. But I can't do it from here. I think I still need a phone book. That's close enough. Now go ahead and tell him. Well, Officer, I... Wait a minute. Hold it, kid. Before you start, there's something I got to say... You got the cutest, fattest little cheeks I've ever seen. Now I know what they mean by police brutality. Kid's got a great sense of humor. And a wild imagination. Tell him, Arnold. Well, I was looking through my telescope, and I saw this one dude hold up this other dude who was wearing a dress and a red hat. And... Arnold, please. The truth. He is telling the truth, Mr. Drummond. You mean, there was actually a holdup involving a bearded lady with a red banana? Bandana. Bandana. A male Caucasian with long hair. Well, what about the guy in the dress and the monkey hat? A caftan and a fez. The victim was a UN delegate from an African country. They don't go in much for leisure suits. Neither do I. The only leisure suit I got is the one I was born with. Arnold, look. I apologize for doubting you. But you must admit, your story did sound pretty wild. No, that's okay, Mr. Drummond. Nobody ever believes little kids. Arnold, I'm proud of you. Do you think I'll get a reward for solving the crime? Well, I think some city official might write you a thank you note. I hope he writes it on a $10 bill. We're gonna need your son down at the station to look at some pictures, Mr. Drummond. We think we know who the guy is, but we need Arnold to make a positive identification. What time can he show up? What time do they deliver the doughnuts? I'll bring him tomorrow right after school, Sergeant. That'll be fine. Before I go. Arnold, would you mind if I... Oh, all right. I'm hooked on those cheeks. Now it's my turn. Hey, that hurts! Get the picture? Arnold, this mug book is full of pictures of criminals. Now let me know when you see the guy who pulled the holdup. Hmm. Look at that one. Shifty-looking, ain't he? Never trust a guy with half a moustache. Boy, are these guys ugly. Now I know why crooks wear masks. Take your time. We really want this guy. That's him! That's the holdup man! Are you sure, Arnold? Positive. Hey, great. Frank, the kid fingered him. Bring him in, will you? Right, Sergeant. Arnold, you did great. Now all you gotta do is identify him in a lineup. Arnold, if you'd had a telescope a few years ago, you could've wiped out half the crime in New York. Yeah, and the other half would've moved to New Jersey. You two are really good citizens, Mr. Drummond. A lot of people must've seen this holdup, but you were the only ones willing to get involved. How about a picture of your kid for the paper? Oh, I hadn't counted on his picture being in the paper. I... Oh, that's okay, Mr. Drummond. I think I can force myself to be on the front page. How about that? Our own Arnold's picture in the evening paper. That's fantastic, Arnold. I like the picture. I look mature. Hey, Arnold, I'm proud of you. You got your picture in the paper without doing time. Here we are. Mr. Drummond, did you get enough of those papers? I just got what you asked me for, Arnold. Thirty copies. Maybe we should get a few more. They might turn into collector's items. I'll get it! Hello. My picture's on Page 3. Who is this? What? Who is it, Arnold? I don't know. He sounds like he's trying to bite me through the phone. Hello. What? What's that? What do you mean? Yes. Yes, I understand. Who was that, Daddy? Oh, it was just a wrong number. How about that? Even people with wrong numbers are calling me. I knew I shouldn't have let them take Arnold's picture. Why? What's the matter, Mr. Drummond? Some man said that if we don't want anything to happen to Arnold, he better not identify that holdup man tomorrow. How come my face wasn't on Page 1? You're not cute enough. Get outta here. Oh, Arnold. Yes, you are. Now, look, Sergeant Morison, I just can't let Arnold do it. The guy on the phone made it quite plain. Arnold will be in danger if he shows up at your lineup tomorrow. But without your kid, this guy's gonna be running around in the street, loose. I need Arnold to put him away. I am sorry, Sergeant. Chalk up another one for the bad guys. Everybody wants us to do something about crime. But when we need you, everybody's out of town. Now, listen, Sergeant. We are talking about the safety of an 8-year-old child. Now, if it was me, I assure you, there'd be no problem. But not you or I or anybody has the right to lay my son's life on the line! You crushed my dinner. I'm sorry. That's okay. It was a ham sandwich, so now it's pressed ham. Well, I hope you get that guy. That's what they all say. Arnold, you're actually gonna make the whole album out of the same picture? Sure. That way, whatever page I turn to, I can see me. That makes sense. Hey Arnold, if you autograph a few of these pictures, I can make a lot of money selling them to your biggest fan. Who's that? You. Oh-oh. What's the matter, Mrs. Garrett? Nothing, just... Who is it? Yes. I'm Louis Adams, with the United Nations. I'm here to see Arnold Jackson. Did the doorman check your identification? Yes, he did. May I see your identification? Yes, you may. I'd be glad to show it to you if you'd open the door. Uh-huh. Oh. I'm Mrs. Garrett. And do you know your driver's license expires next month? Thank you. I'll remember that. May I present to you the representative of the government of Buwanda, Mr. Kwambe. How do you do? I'm Mrs. Garrett. Same to you. I meant to say good afternoon, and how do you do? The same to you. Please come in. Thank you. Hey! That's the guy I saw getting held up! And he's still wearing his dress! It was Mr. Kwambe's wish to meet the young man who reported the incident. That's me. I'm Arnold, this is my big brother, Willis, and my sister, Kimberly. Your sister? Obviously from different tribes. That's right. She's Park Avenue. We're Harlem. Mr. Kwambe, it is very kind of you to take the trouble to come here. Not at all. Mr. Jackson, allow me to express my gratitude for your bravery, and in coming forward, and to present you this medallion of merit from my government. It is real gold. And may I hang it around your neck? If we're talking gold, you can hang it anywhere you want. What did you say? I said I must pinch those chubby cheeks. Goodbye, Mr. Jackson. As we say in my country. As we say in my country, "Hang in there, be cool. Hallelujah, brother!" Arrivederci! Hey, guys! How about this? Hello, everybody. Hi, Mr. Drummond. Oh, Mr. Drummond, you just missed them! Whom? Mr. Kwambe, the man I saw getting held up. And look what he gave me. Well, that's quite a medal, Arnold. He said I was very brave. I can't wait to get to that police lineup tomorrow. Arnold, I have to have a little talk with you. Would you all excuse us, please? Sure, Daddy. Oh, sure. Okay, kids. How about a little cake in the kitch? Great. Sure. Mr. Drummond, couldn't we talk better with our mouths full of cake? This will only take a minute. Now, Arnold, you did the right thing by calling the police. And you were very brave. But sometimes, bravery can cause more trouble than not being brave, and so not being brave can be a kind of bravery in itself. What you talkin' about, Mr. D? Well, Arnold, I'm awfully worried about you going to the police station tomorrow. Why, is it in a bad neighborhood? No, but if you do go there, it could be dangerous for you. So I am not gonna let you go. But I already got this medal for going. Will I have to give it back? No, no. You earned it. I'm just not gonna let you go tomorrow, that's all. Come on, now, let's have that cake. I just don't know why I can't go. But I'll eat the cake and figure it out. Boy, I just don't understand grownups. First they tell you one thing, then they tell you the opposite, and when you ask 'em why, they either give you a piece of cake or send you to your room. It's not hard to understand, Arnold. Mr. D doesn't want you to go to the police lineup because he's afraid for you. What's he afraid of? If you identify that holdup man, one of his friends will use your head for a drum. Get it? I got it, but I ain't so happy about it. This head's only for eatin', pinchin', and kissin'. Arnold, you know, I bet Mr. D really wants you to go down there, but he doesn't wanna put you on the spot. That makes two of us. You gotta go to the police station tomorrow. Why do I "gotta"? 'Cause if you don't help people when they're in trouble, they won't help you when you're in trouble. We gotta get involved. Isn't that what Mama and Papa always taught us? Yeah. That's right, Willis. And you ain't got nothin' to worry about, because if anyone tries to hurt you, I'll be right there to back you up. Yeah, I'd feel better if you'd back me up in front of me. Are you kidding? You're a tough little kid. Remember how you took the Gooch on in the playground? Yeah. I wasn't afraid of that bully, even though the Gooch was a full inch taller than me. They better not mess with you. You're a tough little hombre. Okay. Okay. And don't worry about Mr. D, 'cause we'll get him off the hook. And we're gonna go down there tomorrow before anybody wakes up. Okay? Okay. Good night. 'Night. You know something, Willis? I really don't have nothing to worry about in the first place. I'm a hero in two countries. Look who's here! Our star witness! Hey, Frank. Get that bum in the lineup. Hi, Mr. Morison. Hiya, Arnold. Here's my big brother, Willis. Hiya, Willis. How are you doing? I'm glad your father changed his mind. Where is he? He dropped us off and he went to his office. Yeah, we're gonna take the subway home. Come on over here, boys. Arnold, when these guys come out, I want you to look them over very carefully. Take your time, huh? Now, you can see them, but they can't see you. I want you to be absolutely sure it's him. Okay? Okay. All right, send in the clowns. Boy, look at these guys. Last time I seen faces like that, they were swinging from trees. Take a good look. Is anyone up there the one you saw pull the holdup? That one. The second one from the left. Are you sure? Positive. Hey, that's the guy we figured. All right, take 'em away! You guys did terrific. How about some ice cream? Great. How about a couple of chocolate cones? Good idea. I'll take a couple of chocolate cones, too. I'm proud of you, Arnold, and Mr. D's gonna be proud of you, too. Yeah. Wait till he finds out we did all this on our own. He's gonna... What did you say? Oh, nothing, just... I mean, what was that about Mr. Drummond? I refuse to answer on the grounds that it may discriminate me. They're still asleep. They won't even know we went down there. Oh! Good morning, boys. Say, you're up early for a Saturday morning. Everybody else is asleep. Where have you been? Jogging. Skateboarding. What? Skateboarding. Jogging. Where is your skateboard? Double parked. Hello? Good morning, Sergeant Morison. Oh, they did, did they? Well. Yeah. Thanks for calling, Sergeant. Goodbye. Boys, come down here, please. Well, Arnold? Don't blame Arnold, Mr. D. It's my fault. I talked him into it. But he went knowing that I told him not to. But I talked him into it. Well, what have you got to say, Arnold? Nothing. You two are doing just fine. You got nothin' to worry about, because they arrested the holdup guy and his friend who called Arnold on the phone. What? How did you know about that? He confessed. You should have told me about that phone call, Mr. D. I'm old enough. I didn't want to frighten you, Arnold. Maybe I should have told you. Well, I forgive you this time. But don't do it again. You guys don't know what you've done. I mean, you could have gotten into a terrible... I mean, even if what you did was right, you might have... Good heavens, I didn't even know you were gone, and you, and you... Oh, what the heck. Hey, you guys, I'm proud of you. ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Yes, it does It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends to be fit Reshape Weight Loss App: osdb.link/fit  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 