Diff'rent Strokes: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Diff'rent Strokes 
 s1e21 - Willis' Birthday - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Diff'rent Strokes (1978–1986): Season 1, Episode 21 - Willis' Birthday - full transcript 
 Willis wants to have his birthday party at a friend's house in Harlem, but Mr. Drummond is concerned about going there on a Saturday night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum ♪ What might be right for you may not be right for some ♪ A man is born he's a man of means ♪ Then along come two ♪ They got nothin' but their jeans ♪ But they got Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world ♪ Everybody's got a special kind of story ♪ Everybody finds a way to shine ♪ It don't matter that you got 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Not a lot, so what? ♪ They'll have theirs you'll have yours ♪ And I'll have mine ♪ And together we'll be fine ♪ 'Cause it takes ♪ Diff'rent Strokes to move the world, yes, it does ♪ It takes Diff'rent Strokes to move the world! ♪ Willis, ain't you dressed for breakfast yet? What's the matter with you? I ain't hungry. You all right? You're moving like you're wearing bionic underwear. It's not that, Arnold. My birthday's next week and I'm gonna be 14. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't worry about it. You still got part of your life left. It's not that, Arnold. It's just that no one seems to know it's my birthday. I knew it. I even got a present for you. You did? But it's a surprise. No, Arnold, tell me, come on. What is it? Well, I can't tell you, but I can give you a hint. If one of your socks jumps out of the drawer, don't step on it 'cause it's a frog. I don't want a frog for my birthday. Well, that'll save me a lot of trouble then. Frogs are hard to gift wrap. But I guess it ain't presents that matter. When mama was alive and we were living in Harlem, everyone knew it was my birthday. And every year we'd have a surprise party. Yeah, you were getting pretty good at acting surprised. I guess I really shouldn't expect Mr. D to know it's my birthday. We've only been living here a little while. Then why don't you tell him? No, I'm not gonna say a word. Then just walk around naked. Naked? Sure, he'll see you in your birthday suit and get the idea. Arnold, that's dumb. Not if it works. Just forget it's my birthday. I don't wanna be embarrassed. Okay. But a big pile of presents sure helps to unembarrass a guy. Anybody want anything else? No, thank you. No, thank you. That French toast was just terrific, Mrs. Garrett. That's French for thank you from the bottom of my griddle. Speaking of French toast, guess whose birthday it is next Saturday? Arnold. My goldfish Abraham. Your goldfish's birthday? Mmm-hmm. I think I'll throw him a surprise party. How do you surprise a goldfish? I don't know. Bring him a can of tuna with a candle on it. What a coincidence. Abraham's birthday, next Saturday. It's also Willis' birthday. Say what? Come on now, Willis, don't tell us you forgot your own birthday. It completely slipped my mind. I was thinking of something else. I don't know how it could have slipped my mind. Willis, don't overdo it. Mr. D, I'm sure glad you remembered my birthday. That really makes me feel good. I would never forget your birthday, Willis. Or Arnold's or Kimberly's or Mrs. Garrett's. Thanks, Mr. Drummond, but I don't celebrate my birthday any more. Why not? You're a young woman. Yes, and I intend to stay one. Willis, if there's something you want especially for your birthday, please tell me. I want to get you just what you want. Well... Thanks, Mr. D, but you've given me and Arnold so much and you've been so good to us, I don't want anything. Don't want anything? Willis, I think you've been brushing your hair too hard. Come on, Willis, you have to have a birthday present. Sure, there must be something you'd like. Well, if I ask for it, I'll feel greedy. No, Willis, greedy is when you ask for something just for yourself. So ask for something that you can split with your brother. There is something I'd kind of like to have. Mmm-hmm. I'd like to have a birthday party. You got it, Willis. And I'd like to have it in Harlem. Harlem? What's the matter with Harlem? Nothing if it was in a better neighborhood. It's Willis' party and he should have it where he likes. That's right. If he wants it in Harlem, he should have it in Harlem. Well, just because he was born there, doesn't mean he has to return to the scene of the crime. Knock it off, Arnold. Now look, Willis, if you want to have your birthday party in Harlem, you just tell me where you want to have it, invite all the friends you want, and the party's on me. Thanks, Mr. D. You're one terrific guy. That's true. I better get going and start working on that guest list. I better get started working on the food list. Man, it's gonna be nice celebrating my party with Charles, Vernon, and Tiny. If you're inviting Tiny, you better double the food order or get a muzzle for his mouth. Arnold, Tiny don't eat that much. Oh, yeah? I'll bet when he was born the doctor didn't slap him. He just gave him a ham sandwich and said, "Go, man, go." I gotta call Vernon and ask him if I can have the party at his place. Vernon's place? I'd rather have a party at the dentist's. What's the matter with Vernon? Nothing. It's his sister, Francine, that drives me up the wall. She's pushy. What do you mean? She buys you one crummy ice-cream cone and then she acts like she owns you. Arnold, you're just embarrassed because Francine's got a crush on you. I don't mind a crush. It's the way she calls me "Arnie-poo." You'll like girls once you get used to them. Oh, yeah? That's what they said about cauliflower. Hello? Hey, Vernon, it's Willis. Hey, Willis. What's up, brother? Mr. D's giving me a birthday party next Saturday. And I wonder if I could celebrate it at your place? My place? What's the matter with that super bowl you live in? I thought it'd be kind of nice to celebrate my party in Harlem with all my friends again. You know how it is, blood. Yeah, just like old times. Man, it'd be great having your party here. Hold on a second, Willis. Say, Willis, Francine wants to know if Arnie-poo's coming to your birthday party. Hey, Arnold, Francine wants to know if you're coming to my party. Uh-uh. Not me. No way, no chance, absolutely not, forget it. Yep, he's coming, Vernon. And Arnie-poo says he can't wait to see Francine. Yeah, he's coming, Francine, and he said he can't wait to see you. Well, then is the party all cool then, Vernon, about Saturday night? Yeah, but I have to ask my folks. I'm sure it's okay if you don't mind grownups at your party. That's okay, 'cause my parents are gonna be there, too. I'll check you later about the time Saturday night. And Arnie-poo sends a kiss to Francine. Willis, stand up so Arnie-poo can knock you down. Mr. D, my party's all set, next Saturday night at Vernon's place. That's just fine, Willis. I like Vernon. He's a very nice young man. He sure doesn't know how to pick a sister. What's wrong with his sister? She's stuck on Arnold. She likes him because he's small, cute, and cuddly. Maybe she'll leave me alone if I buy her a hamster. Mr. D, what time shall I make the party for? I gotta call and tell Vernon. I can drop you off anytime you want. Drop us off? You mean, you ain't coming to the party? Willis, I thought you said the reason you wanted to have the party in Harlem is so you could have it with your friends. But you're my friend, so is Mrs. Garrett and Kimberly. And I'm his friend, too, when he doesn't treat me like a brother. I'm sorry, Willis, I misunderstood you. I just couldn't enjoy my party without you being there. Me neither. I'd eat a lot and dance a lot, but my heart just wouldn't be in it. Then you'll come to the party, right, Mr. D? Well, Willis, it's okay for you to go up to Harlem and celebrate your birthday with your friends, but I don't think we would really fit in. Now I get it. It's all right for my friends to come here, but you're too Park Avenue to go slumming in Harlem. I told my friends you were different. I guess I was wrong. Now, Willis. He didn't mean it, Mr. D. I guess 'cause he's gonna be 14, his mouth is going through a change of life. Hey, Willis. Daddy, what's the matter with Willis? He's on the verge of tears, Mr. Drummond. Well, it's because I told him we can't go to his birthday party. I didn't even know we were invited. I thought he wanted it just for his friends. Well, if he wants us there, why can't we go? Well, when I was a kid, I used to go up to Harlem all the time and listen to the great musicians. But today things are different. I'm just not sure how safe it would be up there at night. Mr. Drummond. Yes, Arnold? You don't have to worry about going to Harlem. Why not? Because Willis says there ain't gonna be no birthday party at all. Willis, Kimberly told me why Mr. D doesn't want to go to your birthday party. I already know why. 'Cause he thinks my friends eat with their feet. I thought just Tiny did that. Anyway, the real reason is because he's afraid to take the family to Harlem at night. Afraid? He ought to know not everybody who lives there carries a razor in their socks. Well, yeah, but most people think that the traffic lights at Harlem say, "Walk, don't walk, and run for your life." Arnold, why are you always putting down Harlem? You're from there. Yeah, and the "frommer" the better. Listen, little brother, don't you remember all the good times we used to have there? Like sitting on the stoop, rapping with the guys, buying sodas from the candy store, playing stickball in the street. You know, yeah, you're right, Willis. And you and me were born and raised in Harlem. And every time you put it down, you're not only putting us down, but Mama and Papa. Did I really sound that bad? Hey, I'm sorry. You mind if I come in, guys? Of course not. No. Willis, I owe you an explanation. No, Mr. D. I already know why you don't wanna go to Harlem. You're afraid of a black neighborhood. No, that's not right, Willis. Black has nothing to do with it. That's not what it's about. Now there are plenty of white neighborhoods that I wouldn't go into after dark. Like where? Well, some parts of Greenwich Village, for example. A friend of mine parked his car down there one night. He came back in 10 minutes and there was nothing left but a windshield wiper. He asked a witness to tell him what happened and she mugged him. I got mugged once when I refused to buy girl scout cookies. Listen, Willis, there are plenty of other places I hesitate to go to at night. It's dangerous to ride the subway, you can't walk in Central Park at night. And burglars have broken into apartments right here in this building. What you talking about, Mr. D? I'm just saying that there are lots of poor, desperate people out there who unfortunately are driven to break the law. And I'm very concerned about the safety of my family. The only reason I'm letting you two guys go is it's your old neighborhood and your friends are out there. But, Mr. D, it's not like you're going to be walking around the streets. You're gonna be with my friends at Vernon's place. A real nice part of Harlem. Right, Arnold? Yeah, right. The plumbing works and everything. Well, maybe I have overreacted. I didn't realize it would mean this much to you. Okay, okay, on second thought, we'll all go to your party, Willis. Thank you, Mr. D. You'll see, everything's gonna be real cool at the party. Yeah, but if a gang tries to crash the party, don't worry, there's only one thing to do. Smile and hand them your money. Thanks a lot, Arnold. You really know how to make a guy feel at ease. Thanks a lot, bye. Well, how's everything coming in the cab department, Mrs. Garrett? No, the doorman can't find one that'll take us to Harlem at night. I'm not surprised. Well, in case of trouble, stick with me. I'll protect you. I got this. What is that? You press it, and it scares people off. It's called mug-away. How can a little thing like that scare anybody... That is a very frightening noise. One night I accidentally cleared Radio City Music Hall with it. What was that noise we heard? What noise? I resent that. I was singing. You sounded better before, Mrs. Garrett. Oh, Kimberly, you look just lovely. Thank you. And you two guys look terrific. Yep, we're two cool dudes in bad threads and a foxy lady in mean rags. We better get going, Mr. D. Well, Willis, we're waiting for the doorman to get us a cab. They're very busy tonight. You mean they're too chicken to go to Harlem. They don't call them the yellow cabs for nothing. Hey, Daddy, why don't we just take the limousine? Yeah! The limo! No, no, no. I don't think that's a very good idea, kids. Driving up in a big limousine, we wouldn't want Willis' friends to think we were showing off. But that's the whole point. Why don't you join the girls? Hi, Willis. Hi, Mrs. Brooks. Hi, Arnold. Hi. Here's the birthday boy. Hi, guys. ALL: Happy birthday, Willis. Mrs. Brooks, I want you to meet my family. Mrs. Garrett, Mr. Drummond, and Kimberly. Everybody, this is Mrs. Brooks, Vernon's mom. Very nice to meet you. How do you do? It's very nice to meet you. Come on in. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, Arnie-poo. Aren't you gonna shake hands with me? I never shake hands with girls. Why not? Because I want to save something for after I get married. I think you grew since I saw you last. Yeah, I grew a whole inch taller. And those adorable cheeks grew two inches wider. I've heard some very nice things about all of you from Vernon. Please, make yourselves at home. - Thank you. It's very nice of you to open your home so Willis can celebrate his birthday. Thank you, Mrs. Brooks. It's my pleasure. You've made Willis so happy. Well, we love Willis. Now, excuse me a moment. I'll be right back. Certainly. Sure. I told you Mr. D, everything is gonna be real cool at this party. There's nothing to worry about. You're right, Willis. Now I feel a little foolish about it. Don't nobody move. Everybody, hit the deck. Hey! It worked! Charles, you fool. What's wrong with you? Sorry, Mrs. Garrett. Shame on you. Charles! You really gotta stop with all those silly practical jokes. I'm terribly sorry about this. That's all right, Mrs. Brooks. A heart attack every once in a while keeps a man on his toes. Shame on you. I was just trying to have some fun. Are you all right, Mrs. Garrett? I think I just sacro-ed one of my iliacs. Hey, listen, why don't we get the party going? Hey, Vernon, put some music on. Let's get down. Yeah. Come on, Willis, you promised me the first dance. All right. Come on. That's my birthday boy. Yeah. Arnie-poo, will you dance with me? No. Oh, come on. Francine, do you know the Latin Hustle? Uh-huh. Good. Go to South America and start without me. Please dance with me. No. Please, dance with me. No. Please, handsome. Well, if you're gonna put it that way... Care to join in, Mr. Drummond? I'd be very pleased to share this waltz with you. This is not exactly a waltz. It will be by the time I'm through with it. Hey, Mrs. Garrett. Tiny. What's happening? How about you and me working up a little Saturday Night Fever? All right. Hang on to your thermometer! Excuse me. Sorry about that. Hold it out. Now, look, look, look, we don't want any trouble here. Okay, Mr. Drummond... I'll handle this, Willis. All right, now look, here's my wallet. Go ahead, take it. Thank you very much. Luther, give that back! Willis, he said to take it. Luther, how many times have I asked you not to come through the fire escape. Mr. Drummond, Mrs. Garrett, this is Luther Harris, our upstairs neighbor. Your neighbor. Oh, no. Oh, I feel so foolish. I'm so sorry, Luther. But when you came in through that window, you looked so... Mean, ugly, vicious. Yes. But in a lovable way. Well, when I heard that music coming up through my floor, I thought I'd jump down and grab me a disco queen before they got away. Luther, this is my birthday party. You're welcome to join us. And this is my family. Very nice to meet you, Luther. You wanna give me my wallet back? That's all right, Officer. Everything's under control here. There's no need for you to be here. Oh, yes, there is. Now that's what I call supporting your local police. Well, how's the party going, gang? Very nice. Terrific. Mr. Drummond, that's my pa. It is? Oh, no, this isn't my day. Sorry. He always kisses my mama, 'cause kissing's fun. Get the idea, Arnold? Yeah, and I'll kiss your mom any time she wants me to. It's very nice to meet you, Mr. Brooks. You know my boys. This is my daughter, Kimberly. Kimberly. And this our housekeeper, Mrs. Garrett. How do you do, Mrs. Garrett? How do you do, sir? What was that you were saying before? About everything being under control now. What wasn't under control? Nothing actually. It was a little misunderstanding. It was my fault. There was a little confusion when I set my gadget off. This thing. Oh, yeah, mug-away. Honey, is that the thing you got for me? No, that's mug-away. I got you mug-off. Mrs. Brooks, you mean you carry one, too? Of course. Doesn't everybody? Hey, listen, this is supposed to be my birthday party, not an anti-mugging convention. Come on, put some music on, Vernon. Yeah, let's get down. Let's get with it, brothers and sisters. Come on, Arnold. Honey, this is our dance. No, it isn't! Well, Mrs. Garrett, what do you say? Shall we get it going? Luther, I think I can get it going, but I don't know how long I can keep it running. Arnie-poo, let's go in the kitchen and play house. We can pretend like we just got married. I got a better idea. Let's pretend like we just got divorced. I don't blame you for being frightened, Mr. Drummond. The first time I saw Luther come in through the window, I grabbed a hammer. I jumped to a pretty wild conclusion. I was wrong. We have the same concerns about crime as you do. We want Harlem to be a safe place to live. That's why we're doing something about it. What are you doing? The folks around here have formed a neighborhood watch programme. In other words, they get involved. What we all ought to do. You already did. You came here tonight. What do you say, Arnold? No, I already danced with you once. Then I'm not asking you any more, I'm telling you. This is my house and I wanna dance. Now, come on. What are you gonna do with a bossy woman? Come on, Arnold, get it on. Get up, Arnold. Good, Arnold. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 