My Brilliant Friend: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 My Brilliant Friend 
 s1e8 - La promessa - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 My Brilliant Friend (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - La promessa - full transcript 
 1.8. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You have to do it neat and accurate. Sorry. How many times do I have to tell you? See how well he does it? - Good morning. - Good morning, Stefano. Hi. Good morning, Stefano. Don Fernando... Here are all the models, we just made them. Well, Lila? What do you think, do you like them? Yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Don Fernando, can you come over here? Wait. I'm doing something important. Don't you like them? - No, it's just that... - Don Fernando. The heel looks different from the drawing. The color, too, shouldn't it be darker? They're necessary variations, those are drawings. But it's not what I asked you for. Those are drawings done by a little girl. If you don't do the heel like that, it won't support it. And this one? This one is different, too. It had a lace on the instep, it always broke. I asked you to make Lila's designs, these are other shoes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Then we don't understand each other. - What are you saying? These are slight modifications. It was necessary to make them. Are you sure? They're really beautiful. You've done a really good job, Rino. They're sturdy, but light. C'mon, further down. What did I just tell you about the cut? How does it have to be? Neat and accurate. The theoreticians of communism have never concealed their hatred for religion. Marx defines it "the opium of the people". Lenin calls it "spiritual booze". And Gramsci... Lila really cared about Stefano, I didn't care about Antonio. This made me so angry. I couldn't let someone kiss me and touch me and only be just a little fond of him, I had to leave him. Greco? Why are you drawing instead of listening to me? I'm drawing... but I'm listening. - Doesn't it interest you enough? - No. Why is that? Because I think that man is so exposed to the blind fury of destiny that to entrust oneself to the Holy Spirit, to God, is the same thing as collecting trading cards while the city burns. Please leave this classroom. Get out. In the hallway you'll have time to reflect on your offensive remarks. Go. Now, where were we? What's wrong? Why are you out here? The religion teacher threw me out. But weren't you the model student? I don't know what got into me. The teacher started speaking badly about the communists. Then he said something and I spoke up. I don't even know what I said. Wait, I'll take care of it. Well done, Elena, you were very brave. But now you're running a big risk, he might give you a demerit. I'll try to speak to him. But you wait here. Why don't you write a page describing your clash with the priest? What for? I collaborate with a magazine, it's called "Naples - Hotel of the Poor". - Have you ever read it? - No. We deal with the city's problems. With exposés and investigative articles. I wrote this. And this was written by a girl in first year, like you. Do you write poetry, too? No. What are you talking about? Poems! So, will you write it? All right. I'll try. You may go in, but you must apologize for the offensive tone you adopted. Go, kid, I'll see you in class tomorrow. - Thank you, Miss. - Come on. - Will they put your name on it? - Yes. Precisely Elena Greco? But you must read the article and tell me what you think. This is the latest present from Stefano, it looks good on you. His mother and sister can't stand me, they say that he spends everything. If I don't go to work in the grocery store, they're not going to either. And you? I said I'd go straightaway, but those two really don't want me. In a few days I'm going to pick out my bridal gown. Do you want to come too? Please, or else I'll end up killing my sister-in-law and mother-in-law. All right, I'll come, but you have to tell me if what I've written is any good. I'm not capable of telling you if it's any good or not. Please, if you don't help me I'll never hand it in to Nino. Nino... When did you become such good friends with Sarratore? I'm not a friend of his, I see him now and again at school. Can I erase things? Yes. Can I move something? You really are good, that's why they always give you top grades. But I don't want to read anything more of what you write. Why? Because it hurts me. - I'll copy it all onto a fresh page. - Don't worry, I'll do it. No, let me do it. On the page there was exactly what I had written, but clearer, more immediate. The erasures, the movements, the small additions gave me the impression that I'd escaped myself and that now I was running a hundred steps ahead with an energy and a harmony that the person left behind didn't know they had. Miss Galiani's right. About what? You write better than I do. Galiani exaggerates. I'll keep this. Listen... You want to walk part of the way home together? What do you say? Sure. Sarratore! Please, come. Will you wait for me a moment? Hi, Elena. Let's go. - Who was that? - No one. I was here, near your school, I thought I'd drop by. Why? Because I wanted to see you and I went to buy a suit for the wedding. - Where is it? - Still in the store. They have to take up the trouser hems. But that's not what I wanted to say. I bought it new because I was hoping to take you. I'd like that. The wedding was an occasion where no one could look bad, but I wasn't interested in all that anymore. Since Nino had asked me to write the article, I was secretly convinced that I would really only exist in the moment when my name appeared: Elena Greco. If only they all had this girl's figure! Everything looks good on her. This is for a more romantic, baroque bride. It's gorgeous, a dream. It's very romantic. If you don't get it, I'll take it for my wedding. What are you saying? Lila has to get this. - See how beautiful it is? - I like it a lot, too. This is a more noble fabric, it's more expensive, with all the hand-done work. Money's not an issue. Turn around, let me see how beautiful it is. Beautiful, huh? I'm not so sure. I look like Cinderella. How come you don't see it? It's the most elegant, the finest. No one in the neighborhood's ever seen such a dress and you're not sure? And if we went to a green satin? Or a red organza? A nice black tulle? Or better yet, yellow? Please, whatever you choose, you must send me a photo, I'll put it in the window, so I can say that I dressed this beautiful girl. Lenù, what do you think? Show me which one you like best. Before you said you liked this one. And you're right, I like it a lot, too. But I can't see Pinuccia in it. For her I'd prefer... this one. It's beautiful and looks like it was made for you. Whereas, for Lila... I don't know... This one. I can see how lovely Lila would look in this, even though it's not as lavish as the one before. Her figure is better enhanced by simple and traditional lines. Yes, Lenù's right. We've seen so many, let's look at this one, too. Giuseppina, let's bring the gown into the dressing room to try it. Lenù, come with me and help me. Is that what they teach you at school? What? To use words to mock people. I'm not mocking anyone. I say what I think, but without exaggerating, without giving offense. I do it in my classwork as well. Nino says that Galiani is right, that I write well, better than he does. But if you speak and write well, it doesn't mean you're mocking people. I didn't mean to say anything bad. I meant that you know how to make people like you. The difference between me and you is that people are afraid of me, but they're not of you. It's always been like that, since we were children. Everyone thinks that you're the good one and I'm the bad one. And isn't that true? I'm joking. Antonio would give his life for you. He asked me to thank you because you gave his sister a job. It was Stefano who gave Ada a job in the grocery store. I'm bad. These are handmade, the sole is leather. - How do they feel? - Good, maybe the heel's a bit high. They give you a fine posture. Really? We have them lower as well. Here they are, feel how soft the leather is. These are comfortable, but elegant. Actually, these are the most beautiful. And they look good on me, too. How much are they? 15,000 lire, but we'll give you a little discount. I needed them in another color. We have other colors, too. There are some models in the window, if you'd care to take a look. If I had all this money, now I'd be in America. Have a nice day. What a cheapskate. We'll have to lower the price. With these materials and the time it takes to make them, it's not possible. You framed the drawing of the designs, now frame the shoes. We live in a neighborhood of beggars. These shoes have to be bought by people with money. We have to get into the stores downtown. If you want to get into the stores downtown, speak to the Solaras. Are we taking that asshole Marcello home again? Yes, Rino, again. The Solaras are pieces of shit, that's precisely why they know how to sell and we don't. Stefano, you understand me. You understand what I'm saying. Stefano, don't even think about it. If you speak to the Solaras, Lila will kill you, you know that. Please, try to understand, we've got to think big. Why doesn't the Gorresio garage sell a single moped anymore? Why does the haberdasher always hold small change in her hand? It was small time. Cerullo shoes are beautiful, I'm convinced if we leave the neighborhood they'll be a great success. But we have to find richer markets. Do you get it or not? Open! I said open up! Don't be a baby. Don't you realize that Stefano's doing it for you, for us? If we want a future, Silvio Solara has to be the speech master. Why won't you open? Do I have to break down the door? We need Silvio Solara to get the shoes into the stores. What do you wanna do, ruin everything? You want to throw away the sacrifices of the whole family? What do you want to do? Lila! Open it! Bitch! You're a bitch, that's what you are! Lila? Answer me! Stefano had made a deal with the Solaras to place Cerullo shoes in the stores downtown. And the deal stipulated that Silvio Solara would be the speech master, that is, the best man whose role was to hand the rings to the bride and groom. What's the problem? Let's talk. You're pissing off your father and your brother! The problem can be solved if you come out and we all discuss it. Please, Lila. Please. The speech master became a sort of relative, and the families would be tied for all their lives. Lila! Open, Lila. Close it. Lila... what are you doing? Why did you say those awful things to Stefano? He's a rat, a traitor. Neither Silvio nor any other Solara can come to my wedding. There's not going to be any wedding. I don't want to see Stefano anymore. Silvio's not like Marcello. He wasn't the one who pulled Ada into the car. He wasn't the one who fired on New Year's Eve and who beat Antonio to death. It wasn't Silvio Solara who planted himself by force in your house and it wasn't him who said those ugly things about you. He threatened to set fire to the shoe store. Yes, but he didn't do it. You rejected a Solara. You know the rules of this neighborhood. You had to give something in exchange. But, excuse me... What do you want to do? You say you want to change things, you say you want Stefano, your family, the neighborhood to be better off and then you go and blow it? The wedding, the shoes... That way you'll let the Solaras win. If I think about what happened to me... The teacher asked me to apologize to the religion teacher. If I refused to apologize, what would happen? Maybe they would have expelled me. And who would have lost, me or the religion teacher? Think about it. Even though Silvio is going to be speech master and help Rino and Stefano to sell the shoes, he won't matter in your future life. We're different from the older generations. You and Stefano are different, you can really change things in this neighborhood, but you can do it only if you're together. Maybe Stefano doesn't really love me. Of course he does. He does everything you say. Only when I don't risk real money. Lila? Can I open the door? Lenù... Don't go. I'm worried. The new store cost so much, so did the new house. I didn't even want that house. Do you remember them? You know why I've kept these shoes? Because they remind me of your little-girl hands working. If you marry me, I promise you these hands will never be ruined. They're new. - I've never worn them. - Why? They were tight. Really? You know how much I love you. But there are things we're obliged to do. Do you understand? Marcello Solara absolutely must not set foot inside the wedding. - But what can I do? - I don't know. But you've got to promise me. All right, Lila. I promise, he won't set foot in there. All right? Can we stop fighting? Come here. Come here. Good morning. Teacher... do you remember me? I don't know her, who is she? But really... it's Cerullo. I'm Cerullo, I've brought you an invitation. I'm getting married. And I'd be very happy if you came to our wedding. I know Cerullo, but I don't know who this one is. Bye, Elena. The teacher's not well. March 12 came around. Lila wanted me to go early to her old house to help her wash, to do her hair and put on the wedding gown that, I thought with pride and pain, I had chosen for her. - What have you done? - I don't know how to do it. You never know how to do anything. Hurry up, we've got to get ready. Let him eat. I'm almost done. - How are we going with the shirt? - Don't worry, I'm an expert. Do you think I'm making a mistake? Doing what? Getting married. Are you still thinking about the speech master? No. I'm thinking about the teacher. Why didn't she want to let me in? Because she's an old shrew. Whatever happens, you keep studying. Two more years, I get my diploma and I'm done. No. Never finish, I'll give you the money. You must always study. Promise me. Don't laugh. You have to promise me. I promise. At a certain point, however, school ends. Not for you. Lenù... You're my brilliant friend. You must become the smartest of them all. Boys and girls. Stand up. They're ugly. No, they're not. The dreams in my head have ended up under my feet. - Go, Pasquale. - Turn the car off. You see how I overtook that cuckold? Let me shake your hand, you've done a masterful job on the car! It's so beautiful here. I treated it as if it were yours. What was the big rush? You drove so fast I got a stomach ache. Lenù, you're always complaining. Her friend got married, she wants to get married too. I don't know why I even talk to you. - Carmela, would you like to get married? - I'd do it tomorrow. - And who with? - I know. But who'd want you? Let's go, it's late. Lenù, I'll take you. Pasquale! Guys! Come, I've got a table for you. Let's go with Gigliola's. Elena, sit near us. I'd rather stay with them. Why is Melina's son always hanging around you? No one's hanging around me. - Do you think I'm an idiot? - No. - Then, sit with us. - No. I said you have to sit near me. We don't let you study so you can be ruined by a mechanic with a crazy mother. Lenù, where have you been? We couldn't find you. Me neither. I came with Ada and Carmela. Ada and Carmela? Shut up! We've been here for a quarter of an hour, I'm not saying wine, but they could bring some water. - Without the newlyweds, nothing starts. - How rude! - Can't we even have a drink? - All weddings are like this. Since when? Congratulations! Long live the newlyweds! You're beautiful! Kiss! Kiss! - Elena, where are you going? Come here! - Leave her alone! You're always on her back. I'd been there once, outside the school, to introduce Alfonso to Marisa. But I didn't think they'd become friends and that he'd invite her to his brother's wedding, but he did. To get her parents' permission, for sure, she had dragged Nino along with her. This unexpected presence contributed greatly to my emotional turmoil that day. Have you seen where your daughter is sitting? Don't think about it, let her have fun. Lenù, I saved your place. Don't be like this, Mamma's figured it out and doesn't want us to sit together. - What are you doing afterwards? - University. Well done! University! The antipasti are coming out! I read an article of yours on poverty figures. It was very interesting. Are you writing something new? I'm working on a piece about factory workers in the North. But you know, as soon as I talk about these things, everyone gets bored. Will you tell me about it? One morning I was on the train and I saw so many men getting on the train for Milan. They were saying goodbye to their wives and children. I wondered what they would do once they arrived there, what they would eat, where they would sleep. Maybe some had a relative, a friend, but most of them had nobody. I don't know if I could live like that. - I wouldn't know. - And you can't imagine what they earn. A pittance. The economy of this country is driven by these men from Naples, Palermo, Bari, who spend months away from their families to feed them. But no one speaks about them. That's what I want to talk about, that's what I want to discuss. I found some statistics, but there's not a lot of material. Ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please. Dedicated to the newlyweds. "Maria, Mari"'. Are you reading any new novels? Novels don't serve a purpose. Novels don't serve any purpose. Ladies and gentlemen, are we going to sit all day? Let's give the newlyweds some fun! Do this ballad. Maestro, "Lazzarella". Enzo, you be the girl, come on! Now there's two of them? Shall we dance? - My mother doesn't want me to. - Everyone's dancing. - Don't hold me so tight. - I'm not. Will you tell me who that is? Who do you think? - Don't you recognize him? - No. It's Nino, Sarratore's oldest son. He came with his sister Marisa. - Don't you remember them? - Let me get this straight. First we go to Sarratore to threaten him and now you talk to his son? I bought a new suit to watch you talk to him? He didn't even shave. He's not even wearing a tie! Lenù... Why aren't you dancing? I've never danced. Never? No, I feel ridiculous. Maybe when I was little. Thank you! Pinuccia! Later we'll dance, huh? Alfonso, you must admit, Miss Galiani really taught us how to study. She introduced us to great novels: "One, No one and One Hundred Thousand"... - "A Time of Indifference", by Moravia. - She lent it to me, too. I reread it recently. - A really good book. - So, you do read novels... Yes, so what? Has my piece come out? - The magazine came out two weeks ago. - Did you write an article too? Lenù, who would have thought! We didn't publish your article. There was no room. I'm sorry. Just as well, you would have only got into trouble. All right, there'll be other opportunities. - Let's go and dance. - Let's go. - I'm going. - I don't want to leave. You can stay. I'll come and get you in Piazza Amedeo at seven. Thank you. Wait, stay. At least for the cake. No, I don't feel like it. See you, Lenù. Everything I saw made me feel ill, I was nauseated. At that moment I understood what Miss Oliviero meant when she asked me if I knew what the plebs were. we were the plebs. When I was a child I aspired to Lila's pace to escape the neighborhood. I was wrong. From the world of my mother and the neighborhood, not even Lila had been able to get away. - Rino! - You came! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 