Daria: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daria 
 s1e9 - Too Cute - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daria (1997–2001): Season 1, Episode 9 - Too Cute - full transcript 
 When a potential new fashion club member's recent plastic surgery impresses the other members, they seek to follow in her footsteps, and pressure Quinn into doing the same, whether she needs it or not. As she tries to get Daria to help her on this quest, the doctor offers to give her some extra treatment whether she wants it or not. Will Daria enjoy watching her sister humiliate herself as she tries to get enough money to go through with the procedure? Or will she try to reason with her? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Aw, man! So then I said, "Sure, it's a nice car. Do you have enough gas to get back to Loserville?" That's funny, Sandi! You really know how to tell a story. Thanks. Tell us about the part with Quinn again. Quinn wasn't in that story. It was me, Tiffany, and Stacy. Well, then, take Stacy out and put Quinn in. Hi, guys! Hi, Sandi! Hi, Joey, hi, Jeffy, hi, Johnny. Hi, Quinn! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hi, Quinn! Hi, Quinn! It's Jamie. Hi, Sandi... So, Quinn, I was wondering if... No. Oh, it's so cute! It's the cutest. You think so? I told Dr. Shar... Oh, Dr. Shar, she's the best. Everybody uses her. I told Dr. Shar that I wanted cute, but you know, not too cute. It's not too cute. It's cute, but not obnoxious about it. What do you think, Quinn? It's cute. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just cute? Quinn has very high nose standards. I said it was cute! Oh, like you meant it. "Oh, it's cute." Well, at least I thought about it. I didn't just say it was cute without thinking. Excuse me? Are you saying we're shallow? Wait, you guys were just saying it was cute? No, Quinn's just so deep, she thinks we would say something's cute when it's not cute, which we wouldn't. No way. Example: I would never tell Quinn that she looks cute in that thing she always wears. I don't have a "thing" that I always wear. If you say so. I have lots of things which I wear at different times, far apart in time. As you wish. You're just mad because I said you're shallow. Which I meant in some other way! So then, it is cute? Let's ask an average person. Quinn, there's that girl you know. Let's ask her. Hello! Quinn's cousin or something. You'll have to excuse me. My sister wants me to stay away. So Quinn's little friend, or whatever, take a look at this. What is it? It's Brooke's new nose. Isn't is cute? Don't worry, it'll grow out. So I said I thought it was cute. Really. Why doesn't anyone believe me? What was wrong with Brooke's old nose? It wasn't cute. It had, like, an extra bone in it. Hey, it's almost time for dessert. Can we discuss liposuction now? I just don't like the idea of you girls talking about cosmetic surgery. Maybe when you're older, and you're doing it for yourself, or there's a sound professional reason for it. I mean, you need to be presentable. Yes, it's a double standard, but women in business are judged on their looks, and there's no getting around that. But breast implants? I just don't know. Right. I mean, when a woman is elected president, it won't be because she got breast implants. At least her people will deny it. Jake? I could use some help here. Um, no, honey, you look great. Everybody looks great. Perfect! That's not what I... I'm not perfect. My nose has inperfections. That's imperfections, sweetie. I knew it! Aw, hell. Wanna borrow my stapler? Now, Kevin, what happened last week when you walked down the street saying hello to people? Twelve people smiled back, fifteen said hello, eight said hi. And, Mr. Football Hero, what happened this week when you said hello to people wearing your special ugly face? Fourteen people pretended not to see me, five crossed the street to get away, seven ran, three called the police, and I'm pretty sure this one guy fired a shot. And so, what does this experiment teach us about how the perception of attractiveness affects human behavior? Brittany? Oh, Kevvie, what have they done to you? It's just makeup, babe. Don't touch me, you freak! Can I take this stuff off now? I don't like not being liked. Put that back! You'll take it off when I crush your ego! Heh, I mean, when the experiment is over. Ms. Barch, will you please send Daria Morgendorffer to the office? Her sister... Cousin! Her cousin needs her. I don't know how I'll make up the class work. Not even the wart? The wart's the best part! What's rhinoplasty? Exactly what it sounds like. Well, they could use it, I guess. How are the cramps? Shut up. I'm truly touched. Not only did you get out of class by faking sick, but you convinced the nurse to let your sister take you home. Of course, we don't appear to be going home... I need you to be my alibi. Generally, you want your alibi not to be a witness at the scene of the crime. I just need you here, okay? Uh, okay. Why? Why what? Why me and not one of your hundreds of friends? I need, uh, someone who's known me for a while and who's like that thing. What thing? You know, honest. Don't tell anyone. Or I'll just say you followed me. Right. Good plan. I can't believe those guys went to see Dr. Shar without me. How do you know they came here? How do you know they didn't just all go to the stuffed animal store without you? Did you see the way they looked at Brooke's nose? Where else could they have gone? But they all have noses like yours. Rub it in, why don't you! ...noticed how they are unshapely and reported it in a study conducted in 1982. From the first time man and woman gazed upon themselves in the ripples of a sun-dappled pool, human beings have been blessed, and burdened, by awareness of their own image. But what does this have to do with your thighs? Now how are they going to explain this to the other monkeys? We've been here an hour! Dr. Shar is very busy, sir. Quinn Morgendorffer! Hey, wait! We were here first! Oh, whoa, emergency. I understand. Of course it's gonna be harder to breathe, hon. Those nostrils are itty-bitty compared to the ones you had. Try breathing through your mouth. Go on, try it! That's right. In, out. That sounds good. Again, sweetie. In, out. You keep that going! Bye! So, hello there, Quinn, whichever one of you is Quinn. What brings you here? It's my nose. Oh, honey, nothing wrong with that nose. It's a pretty little schnoz! It's a schnoz?! No! It's the tiniest little thing. Thank you. Can you fix it? Oh, honey, I wouldn't touch it. It would be a crime against nature, and an ethics violation Dr. Shar just doesn't need right now! But, let's see if we can't do something. Quinn, would you like to see yourself with cheekbones? I have cheekbones. We all do, honey, and maybe that baby fat will drop away and yours will show. You never know. But for twenty-three hundred dollars, this one month only, you can be sure. I don't have cheekbones! All right hon, let's make some lips... dimple you up... two more... something's missing... oh! I know! And as long as we're here, let's do something about that hair. I'm too cute! And only six thousand dollars, so far. Anything else? Could I see what she looks like with eyebrow ridges and a large sloping forehead? All right, funny gal, your turn! No. Thank you. Nothing to be afraid of. I'm not afraid. It'll be fun! I don't like fun. Come on, Daria. Oh, where shall we begin? Hmmm... nose, chin, eyes, cheeks, lips, hair... alrighty! Let's have a look, okay? It's a start! Oh, look, Daria, you're cute! Dr. Shar, do you think maybe I can get a couple more of these, wallet size? We all know about the terrible atrocities caused by America's lust for veal, but here's something nice you can do for calves: calf implants! Quinn, honey, I like your attitude. You're open to life's possibilities. I try to be. But you, Daria... I hate to see a young lady give up on herself at such a early age. I don't consider rejecting the Dr. Frankenstein approach giving up. It puts a frown on my face, and I don't like having a frown on my face! Maybe you can inject collagen into your lips in the shape of a smile. This is for you, Daria. Open it when you got some free time. Then I want you to examine it, get comfortable with it, think about it carefully. Change your attitude hon; change your life. It's not leftover nose pieces, is it? Humor may lift your spirits, Daria, but it takes a professional to lift your buttocks! Doctor's joke! Have a nice day girls. And remember, money can make anyone look beautiful. Don't worry, you're gonna be all right. I'm a mess, and it'll cost six thousand dollars to fix. You're not really going to take that woman seriously, are you? She earns her living making people feel bad about their looks. You're just mad because she figured you out. Dr. Shar is really smart about people. Oh, yeah, she's got my number, all right. "Dr. Shar's Pre-Implant Temporary Bust Augmentations. For evaluation purposes only." She knew just what I needed. Practice boobs. So, first she tells Quinn that she can fix her up for six thousand dollars. Miss Pert 'N Pretty? What can she possibly need for six G's, other than a new personality? Wait, there's more. Then she announces for twenty grand, she can fix me. Which means she can make me look like Quinn. Sheesh, what would you want to look like that loser for? She needs six thousand dollars' worth of plastic surgery! And then to top off the day, she sends me home with a pair of fake boobs. Says they'll change my attitude. Boy, she was really trying to make you insecure. I know. If I didn't have such low self-esteem, she might have gotten to me. Anyway, I don't think your attitude's so bad. You probably only need one fake boob. I'm really mad at you guys. Oh? Why is that? Because you all went to get nose jobs without me! But you would never get a nose job. You're not that shallow. How do you know? Because a really deep person like you has too many important things on her mind, like the news or something, to pay attention to her appearance. That's not true. But Quinn, what else could possibly account for your showing up at school in such a dated outfit? But you helped me buy this outfit! That was days ago. Weeks, if memory serves. Of course, so much time has passed, I could be wrong. Well, whatever. Anyway, I could've come along for moral support. Like you were so supportive with Brooke? Oh my god, look! It's Brooke. Oh no! She's beautiful! Hi Sandi, Stacy, Tiffany... ...everybody. Brooke! Oh, my God. Brooke, you have such a cute waist! I didn't even know that you had one. I didn't! Dr. Shar liposucked one out for me. Excellent. Not only that, she took the fat, you know, that she sucked out, and gave me these luscious lips. It's like a dream come true. Dr. Shar says it'll only last a few months, but fortunately I still got my butt. Dr. Shar says the average female has enough fat in her butt to keep her lips luscious until she's, like, seventy. Brooke, I must say, and I mean this in a not shallow way, you are totally cute now. Super cute! Wait, so does that mean I can join the Fashion Club? Who knows? We may have an opening soon. What's the rule? Last hired, first fired? You bring 'em? Yeah. How's the science project? Okay. What? Daria! Man, I need your advice. You're used to being unpopular. Thanks. It's really bumming me out that people hate the way I look! Well, a respectable member of the medical community once told me that money can make anyone beautiful. Hey, thanks Daria. What do you think he thinks you meant? What's the difference? He's gone. True enough. Well, come on! Where are they? In here. Oh, Daria, don't be shy. Show me your boobs. Hmm. Why did I think this would be more interesting? Good day, ladies! What's in the box? Art project? Science experiment? Adorable little pet? Arf! A little of each, Upchuck. Take a look. Hmmm. Call me country bumpkin, but... what is it? It's a fake boob. Daria! Daria, I need to... Shoo! Shoo! I need to borrow six thousand dollars. I don't have six thousand dollars. It's an emergency! Well, if it's an emergency... Here's what you do. Tell Mom and Dad that Dr. Shar says you need human growth hormone. They'll believe that. I would. But instead, Dr. Shar will do me and charge them for you, and you'll probably grow anyway! Good plan, but what makes you think Dr. Shar's gonna go for this? It was her idea! I can't have this on my conscience. You don't have a conscience. What I meant was, I don't feel like it. You've got to! Where else am I gonna get six thousand dollars? Take up a collection? You're paying for my therapy. So you see, when you contribute to my surgery, it's like we're all sharing the surgery. We're making a statement about solidarity! Solidarity? You know, sisterhood is powerful! Aren't you a little worried that there may be a hell? It's not even like I'm doing that for me. I'm doing it to bring honor to the school. Oh, well then, why don't you apply for a federal grant, dear. Send an inquiry to the U.S. Department of Deluded Adolescents. Is that E-N-T-E or E-N-T-S? So, what do we get if we pledge? You get to look at me walking around like this all day. No, like, what do we get? The same thing you're getting now: nothing. Pledge drive not going well? People are so shallow! Listen, Quinn... You know, maybe I should get boobs. I bet if I got some boobs on credit, I can get the rest of the money in no time. Quinn... Or maybe Dr. Shar will give me a part time job sweeping up fat or something. Quinn... I mean, I like being attractive and popular. It's, like, me, okay? So if Dr. Shar makes everyone else attractive and popular, then I'll have to be even more attractive just to keep up, and then if they, like, go back her to catch up to me, then I'll have to go back, and pretty soon it'll be like one of those vicious things! Where will it end Daria? Where will it end? You don't need surgery, Quinn. I was hoping it wouldn't come to this, and I'll deny I every said it, but there's nothing wrong with you. Physically. You've got the kind of looks that make other girls mentally ill. So stop it. You don't need any plastic surgery. You're perfect. Why do I bother talking to you? Oh my god what? Did you hear what happened to Brooke? Yeah, she's super cute. She had a nasal relapse. We were just talking... ...and it was horrible. The whole thing... ...just caved in. That's horrible! You could, like, see her brain. Or, at least, that's what Tiffany heard from Doug who heard it from Brenda whose cousin works in the emergency room. At another hospital. In Belgium. And her new lips, all the fat on the top slipped down to the bottom. Now she looks like one of those beer dogs on TV. That poor girl. Yeah, now she looks even less cute than she did before. Maybe the Fashion Club should send her flowers or something. I mean, since I guess she won't be joining anytime soon. You all must be very upset about that. Hmm. Well, we're like a built-in support group for each other. Hi! How ya doing? Here's five bucks. Thanks, dude! Great to meet you. Hey, what's up? Here's five bucks. Thanks, man. You're pretty cool. Hey, cowboy, how would you like five dollars? Oh, hey, didn't mean to scare you, little guy! Make it ten. You're really nice. I like you. Written by Larry Doyle Transcript by Richard Lobinske www.outpost-daria.com Synchro by Fifiririloulou www.forom.com R?ponses au blindtest : Kevin greeting people on streets Brendan Benson - Cross-Eyed Daria and Brooke's nose Sonic Youth - Bull in the Heather Quinn trying to fix her nose Fun Lovin' Criminals - King of NY Quinn sneaking around school Bloodhound Gang - Why's Everybody Daria and Quinn on bus Sammy - Neptune Avenue Daria and Quinn going to Dr. Shar's office Blur - Beetlebum Genuwine - Tell Me Do You Wanna Daria seeing fake boobs INXS - Elegantly Wasted Brooke showing off her new look Fun Lovin Criminals - Scooby Snacks Quinn soliciting funds from Andrea Fun Lovin' Criminals - King Of NY Kevin paying people to talk to him Brendan Benson - Cross-Eyed closing credits Foo Fighters - Monkey Wrench 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 