Daria: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Daria 
 s1e12 - The Teachings of Don Jake - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Daria (1997–2001): Season 1, Episode 12 - The Teachings of Don Jake - full transcript 
 Jake takes the family camping for a relaxing weekend getaway... if they can survive it. Trent and Jane are forced to attend a family reunion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Daddy, remember that tutoring you wanted me to take for math? It's gonna be fifty dollars an hour. Fifty dollars an hour? Well, I got the bad news from the periodontist. Six months worth of gum work, eight hundred dollars a month. Eight hundred dollars a month?! Mail's here. Did you know Congress still spends two hundred and fifty billion a year on the military? Two hundred and fifty billion a year?!! Dammit, that's it, Daria! What am I? Made of money? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jake, were you listening? Daria said... Tutoring, dental work, Congress! I'm not a machine, dammit! I'm a man! For once in my stinkin' life, show a little... Oh, Jakey, not again. It's my eye! Oh, God, it's my eye! Oh, no! Get the camera. No camera, Daria. Remember what the doctor said last time you burst a blood vessel? Yeah, he said it would be two hundred dollars. Before that. He said we need to cut down on your stress, and we're going to do that this weekend. We're going camping like we used to before... I'll take Friday off and we'll make a long weekend of it. You're going to take a day off? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Daria, a healthy happy family comes before work. Always. Besides, I have vacation time coming and Eric told me that if I don't use it, I lose it. Dammit! Those bastards aren't gonna take away my days. Come on, Jake, let's find the painkillers. Don't worry about us, Mom. We'll be fine. Right, Daria? Absolutely. No guests, no late nights... Don't even bother, girls. You're coming with us. Dammit, Daria! You could've sounded like you meant it! Dammit! It's my turn to say dammit! Guano see some gutsy climbing? Scaling the world's tallest pile of seagull droppings, next on Sick, Sad World. Lemme get this straight. You, Jake, Helen, and Princess Grace are going camping? Like in the woods camping? I hope the raging envy you're feeling won't affect our friendship. I do envy you. Then I'm afraid the fever has reached your brain, and you'll have to be destroyed. Do you know where I'll be this weekend? The Lane family reunion. Dozens of Lanes from all over the country converging in one Midwestern split-level to remind themselves why they scattered in the first place. I didn't think your parents would be caught dead at something like that. They wouldn't. We're the black sheep of the clan. We're only invited because hating us brings them all closer together. My parents are much too smart to fall for that trick. I thought so. So, they're sending me and Trent as their representatives. You know, a weekend in the woods is starting to look pretty good. A weekend on the world's tallest pile of seagull droppings is starting to look pretty good. "Give my regards to Broadway Remember me to Harold's Square Tell all the gang at 42nd Street That I will soon be there..." Is this great, or what? For the next 72 hours, we're going to live off what nature send our way! See that stream? That's our drinking water! See those berries! That's our breakfast! See that skeleton? That's our future. Made you look. Trent. Trent. Trent! Officer it's not even my car. Ah, Janey. What? Let's talk strategy. I don't wanna arrive without a plan. Hey, I already thought of that. As soon as we get there, we find a bar, and we don't leave it until we're unconscious. Good plan. But, first of all, they probably wouldn't serve me. Second, I don't want to pass out. And third, sometimes before you pass out, you'll decide it's time to be honest with everyone. Oh, yeah. Bad idea. Don't want to be honest with Aunt Ellie about her vacation pictures. Or Cousin Jimmy about his modeling career. Or Aunt Bernice about her hats. Who's Aunt Bernice? You know, from Middlebury? She wears those straw hats. Thinks they're country or something. They look like the kind they put on horses to keep the sun off their heads. You say she's from Middlebury? So, we'd be flying out of the same airport. Yeah, yeah, Janey. What's your point? Hello, Trent. Um... hello, Aunt Bernice. I like your hat. Total isolation! No phone, no fax, no e-mail, no voicemail! No way to contact the outside world! What a luxury. Tonight, we'll tell spooky stories around the campfire. Tomorrow, we hike till we drop! Just like we used to. Remember? We were so relaxed in those days. You can't hike in these damn earth shoes! They make you tilt! Come on, Jake, just dig the scene! Oh, all right. It is a stone groove. We're lucky we got here before the oil companies pave it all over. And put up a parking lot. Capitalist vultures! Off the fat cats! It's so out of sight that we're going to camp with nothing but our tent and sleeping bags. Sleeping bag. We don't need big business electricity! We don't need manufactured foods! We don't need chemically-softened toilet paper! We don't? Girls, doesn't all this beauty take you right out of yourselves? Daria? I think I'm getting a chill. If you don't mind, I'm gonna crawl back into myself for a while. What about you Quinn? No phone??? Do you see any buses or taxis? I see no mass transit of any kind. Well, we got no way to get to the party. Might as well catch a flight home. We gave it our best shot. Damn! Hey, it's Aunt Bernice! She rented a car! Hey, Aunt Bernice! We should have started this earlier. You sound like my father. What? Oh, he knew everything about camping. Course, he had a different approach! No tent for Mad Dog Morgendorffer! Oh, no! No sleeping bag, either! You lash some damn sticks together for a lean-to, slept on a bunch of pine needles, and if it rained, well, tough crap! No tent for Mad Dog Morgendorffer, and no tent for little Jakey, either! That's good, honey. You're letting out some of that tension. Why couldn't he just love me for who I was? All right, Jake... um, now you're letting out too much tension. Why did he think I was still wetting the bed at fifteen? Oh, hi, girls! So let's just walk in and meet them straight on. They're not going to intimidate us. No way. Hey, I think I left my in-flight magazine back there. We better go get it. Jane. Trent. I might have known you'd come looking like this. Then, lying there in the darkness, the boy heard a tiny splashing sound. Like waves on a faraway shore. Except... the nearest ocean was a hundred miles away. The boy reached out for his sleeping father... but he was gone. Shaking with fear, the boy stumbled out of the rickety lean-to, and that's when he saw it: his father, sitting alone at the campfire. Alone... with a whole case of beer! The selfish old bastard was wasted again. And how's your sister Penny? I think she's a little disappointed in the Mexican job market. She may try Nicaragua next. And how's your brother Wind? He's thinking about getting remarried if he can just figure out whether his divorces were legal. How about your sister Summer? You know, the private detectives found three out of her four kids. Really! "You're a vampire?" she whispered to the pale stranger with the brooding eyes. She felt her bosom blush and heave with excitement. "You've come to take my blood!" "Your blood?" he laughed. "Oh, there's time enough to take your blood. Tonight I'm going to take your..." "...take your pulse! To make sure that, you know, the blood will be there when I come back." I always liked you, Trent. You were my favorite. And why is that, Uncle Max? Cuz you're a bum! You're a lousy bum! You're a rotten bum! You remind me of myself! You know why? Cuz I'm a bum. That's right, ya bum! So Cinderella said, "I can't go to the ball in these rags." And her fairy godmother waved her wand and behold, she was wearing a gown of silver and gold. Big clunky silver and gold sequins, like you wouldn't wear to one of those seventies nostalgia proms, much less a formal party at a palace. And when she went to check out herself in the mirror, the one that usually made her look thin, instead she looked bloated! Quinn, honey, is this really a scary story? Wait! I haven't gotten to the shoes yet! Janey? Yes, Grandma? Come closer. Yes, Grandma? Closer. Yes, Grandma? Closer. Yes, Grandma? What the hell is wrong with you! So the witch tore Hansel's arm off, popped it in her mouth, said, "Hey, pretty good," and within minutes had devoured the rest of his body, leaving only the lower intestine for fear of bacteria. Gretel she decided she wanted to hold onto for a while, so she crammed her into the freezer the best she could. Daria? Yes, Quinn? Do you feel weird sharing a tent? As long as it's with you and not a bear, I guess I'm okay with it. Remember when we were little and we shared a room? Yes, Quinn. I hated that. So did I. It's fun to reminisce, isn't it? You bet. Janey? Yeah, Trent? Do you feel weird sharing a room? We've done it before. Yeah, but not really like this. Hey, hold it down guys, okay? I'm trying to sleep! Ow! Watch it! Oops, sorry. Thought you were a pillow! I wasn't talking to you! Wait, were you talking to me? Well, who else? Ow! Watch it! Sorry. Thought you were a pillow. Daria, Quinn, get up. I need you. Your father's in a sickening mood. Are they decent, Helen? Yes, Jake. Up and at 'em, ladies! Time to join the forest morning, already in progress. Breakfast is on Mother Nature. Yum! Meet you around the fire in five minutes! Please, girls. I'm afraid I may hurt him. Janey... what time is it? How should I know? Even if I could manage get my watch on at this hour, my eyes are too blurry to read it. It's seven o'clock, dear! We're getting an early start because today's the family croquet tournament! Janey, it's seven o'clock on a Saturday, and we're awake. Soon the wooden balls will begin clacking. Clack... clack. We gotta get out of here. Was that breakfast great, kiddo? Actually, uh, I'm not a real berry person, Dad. I sort of didn't eat mine. I'm waiting for lunch. Oh, well, you're gonna love my roasted acorns a la Jake! Can you believe the whole continent used to look like this? It makes me yearn for the past. Look at that, Daria: a fork in the trail. If you go one way, you can't go the other. This is going to depress me, isn't it? This way over here leads to an entry-level job. A little bit of money in your pocket. Soon, you're wearing a suit and tie every day like all the other faceless saps, living in a boring little house in a bland little town, and doing so well you're in debt up to your disappearing hair! That's where that trail leads, Daria. I guess that other trail is the one that leads to personal and spiritual satisfaction. That's why they don't want you to take it. Dammit, Daria! You're brilliant! Wait! It was a joke? I wish your father would stay where we can see him. What's Dad so worked up about, anyway? Oh, Quinn. It's not easy being an adult. He can drive, he never has to take a pop quiz, and he can order a mimosa anytime he wants. What's the problem? He's... it's hard for you to understand. You're like a fresh new bud, just on the threshold of opening. Mom! You're not going to talk about puberty, are you? Quinn, everywhere you look you see doors opening. Everywhere your father looks, he sees doors closing. A long corridor of doors slamming shut, and at the very end, there is one open door he must someday enter... and never may he return. I can't go on. Leave me here. Muh-om? Go on, Quinn. You're so young, so beautiful. You should lead the tribe into the new century. What tribe? Mom, what's wrong with you? Now go tell Gray Fox I have given my blessing. Dariaaaaa! Dad, I don't think this is a good idea. It's not cautious, is it, Daria? It's not the sort of thing a responsible family man would do. Are you feeling okay? You look kind of pale. Maybe you think we should go be to camp, huh? You go back to camp, Daria! I'm going to see what... who is down this trail. You hear that, old man? I don't care what happens to me Daria! I'm past feeling pain. Ow! Dammit! Dariaaaaa! Come on, Dad. Quinn needs us. I'm not done with you yet, old man! Quinn? What's wrong with Mom? She was talking about buds and doors and stuff and then she told me to lead the tribe and she fell asleep. Helen? Wha...? Oh! Jake, honey, you had us a little worried. You had us worried, Mom. That's funny, I don't remember being worried about anyone. Quinn said you were talking about some kind of tribe? No, honey, the tide! I was saying we ought to set sail while the tide's still high. Dad? Don't worry, sweetie. Your Mom sounds a little nutty but she's making perfect sense. She is? Sure! If we try to sail at low tide and ran aground, we'd be sitting ducks for Captain Cutless' men. I don't know about you, but I don't want to be skinned alive and thrown to the sharks, right girls? Come on, let's go gather some provisions! This is really scary, Daria. All right, let's not get panicked. We're going to look at the situation calmly and objectively. Agreed? Okay. We're out in the middle of nowhere, nobody knows we're here, we have no way to contact anyone, and our parents have gone insane. Yes. This is really scary, Quinn. But why did they go insane? Knowing Dad and his excellent woodland skills, I'd say it was the berries. Except... It couldn't have been the berries. That's what I think, because you ate the berries, too, and you seem okay. No, I meant because those weren't the glitter berries. Glitter berries? You know, the glitter berries! The ones that fill your mouth with beautiful sparkling glitter when you bite into them. Those are the ones that make you act weird. I mean, until you spread your shimmering wings and fly away. Daria, you don't have a mirror, do you? I want to check my makeup. You're not wearing any makeup. I'm not? Oh, no! Quinn, maybe you better take it easy for awhile. Spirit animal! Come back, spirit animal! Girls, have you seen your father's spirit animal? He was just telling it about his childhood when it jumped up and scampered off. Scampered? What did it look like, Mom? Oh, you know, yellow, stripes on the back, powerful hind legs, three horns, a beard... Come on, I saw where it went! Okay. Remain calm. Family's gone mad. Must get them back to civilization, but no way to contact civilization because Mother made big deal about cutting off all communications. What to do? Rely on Mother's hypocrisy to see us through this crisis. Helen, do you have a few minutes to go over these depositions? There it is! Behind that pack of zebras! She'll have to call you back. Hello, 911? I love camping! I love it! Has anyone seen my pants? What are you doing home? What are you? My family went crazy from eating psychotropic berries, so we were evacuated from the woods and they had their stomachs pumped. Wow, that's cool. My family was already crazy without any berries, so Trent and I evacuated ourselves to the airport in my aunt's rental car and flew the hell out of there. Oh. Well, anything else new? Nah. You? Nah. Mail's here. Thanks kiddo. Now, you claim that not only did you see a yeti, but he was wearing a business suit and carrying an attach? case? A leather attach? case. Fifteen thousand dollars for a helicopter ride! What the hell do think I... Oh, my God! Mom, get the painkillers. Quinn, get the camera! Written by Glenn Eichler Transcript by Richard Lobinske www.outpost-daria.com Synchro by Fifiririloulou www.forom.com R?ponses au blindtest : Toad The Wet Sprocket - Come Down Nitzer Ebb - Kick It 60's flashback Beck - Pay No Mind Pat Benetar - True Love Suga Free - If You Stay Ready Chalk Farm - Lie On Lie Jane talking about her siblings Pat Benetar - True Love Trent with Uncle Max Shawn Colvin - Sunny Came Home Tears For Fears - The Goodnight Song in the tent Anointed - Under the Influence the helicopter flies away Morphine - Buena closing credits Cypress Hill - Insane in the Brain 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 