Murder One: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e5 - Chapter Five - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 5 - Chapter Five - full transcript 
 Julie's life may be in danger. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Did you murder Jessica Costello? On my mother's life... ...nO. You said you didn't choke Melissa Griotte during sex. I didn't. God help me. I don't remember any of it. We're going to run the Avedon tape over six nights. What a beast that boy is. I have information Richard Cross is innocent. Mr. Cross hasn't said anyone was with him at the crime scene. I was with him last Wednesday night when he went to that girl's apartment. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What'd they say? They'll reinstate you. But only if you agree to retire. Being a cop, it's a habit. It's a habit you can break. About Francesca, I just want to thank you. lt will elevate the level of discourse. I think she has a good soul. -And I am evil incarnate? -Are you? The people here are gonna kick your butt to get you straight. You're not gonna like it. But when you leave here, you're gonna be clean and sober. Maybe find out who you are. And what if I find out who I am... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...is the guy that killed Jessica Costello? The preliminary hearing in the Goldilocks murder case is... ...about to get underway. Charged with the slaying is film star Neil Avedon... ...who will be bound over for trial if prosecution can demonstrate... ...a reasonable suspicion he killed Jessica Costello. Joining me now is legal expert. Dana Benson. Dana. I understand the judge has to rule on a prosecution motion before... -...the preliminary hearing begins. -Correct. Dean. Meil Avedon has been in a drug and alcohol rehab facility... ...for the last 21 days as a condition of bail. Now that he's released. the prosecution will want to take another shot... ...with a different judge at revoking bail. Some of our callers have wondered why this case is clicking along... ...at such a fast pace. Is the state rushing to judgment here? Actually. it's the defense accelerating the pace. If Meil Avedon were my client. I'd do the same. Why? -He's been through rehab. he's sober... ...he's got a film career. The quicker his attorney can get this preliminary hearing over with. the better. All right. thanks very much. Dana. Judge Alexander has begun proceedings. Let's join them now in progress. And as you can see from the report submitted to the court... ...Mr. Avedon has successfully completed his rehabilitation program. Your Honor, just because the defendant has been awarded a plastic chip... ...doesn't mean he's not a danger. Cutting through the people's sarcasm... ...that is exactly what the report means, Your Honor. I don't agree. With all due respect to my colleague, Judge Harrigan... ...if it had been my call, Mr. Avedon would not have been granted bail. -Your Honor-- I know that we live... ...in an enlightened age, Mr. Docknovich... ...but because your client acknowledges being an addict doesn't... -...make him a pillar of the community. -Your Honor, if you revoke bail... ...the net effect will be to punish Mr. Avedon for getting sober. Counsel, your client is being charged with homicide. I'm getting him off the streets and into custody where he belongs. Bail is hereby revoked. Court is in recess until 2:OO. Bailiff, take him into custody. You all right? I'm okay. I'm not gonna worry about what I can't control. Thattaboy. But I do need one favor. I want to see Julie Costello. That's not a good idea, Neil. Teddy, I caused her a lot of grief. Okay? I got to make that amend. Except when to do so would cause further injury. -lsn't that step nine you're leaving out? -Hey, Chris, you're not my sponsor. You're not my higher power. You're my lawyer. You want to take Julie through a laundry list... ...of all the bad things you did to her little sister, short of killing her. Now, who's that for, Neil? Right. I'm also supposed to continue taking personal inventory... ...and when I'm wrong, promptly admit it. You're right. Thank you. Let's go, Mr. Avedon. Somebody say amen. Let's go, folks. Filed a writ of habeas corpus on Shabazz. Should hear end of the week. We got a letter from an attorney representing Phillip Sneller. -The agent? The very same. He's threatening to sue for emotional distress, invasion of privacy... He's threatening to sue for emotional distress, invasion of privacy... ...if Dave Blalock keeps calling him about Jessica's diary. He must not want to talk about why he's mentioned there. I'll have Dave call him twice a day from now on. We filed a discovery request for lab analysis... ...on hair found at the apartments, but the DA's dragging her feet. Which means she's not using it in the prelim. Let's flag that. We don't want to get burned. Justine, where are we on the Jonathan Miller case? We waived jury and prosecution stepped to a court trial. We start today. -Any chance of a deal? -So far, the deputy DA hasn't budged. But I'll take another run at him. Give it your best shot. I know the family. It's been a nightmare for them. Prosecution's going for hate crime on this? -Yep. -Aren't both kids Jewish? But they have a case. Codefendant turned state's evidence. He'll corroborate anti-Semitism. Did we get help from the psychological evaluation? Two psychologists and a psychiatrist say he's competent. Plus, he checks out medically. You wonder how this kind of thing happens. Keep me in the loop on this, okay? Anything else? We're out of here. Let's forget for a moment the illogic of a hate crime committed... ...by someone of the same ethnicity. My kid doesn't have priors. But look at the pattern. Paints a swastika on the frat house door. Charges are dropped. Threatening calls, sends hate mail. It's gotta stop here. -Battery. -No way. Come on, Mark. Let us plead misdemeanor battery. You get your conviction. He gets a year in County... ...and goes into counseling. Hear me, Justine. I'm going for the full shot. That's what Jonathan Miller deserves. The judge will agree. These enhancements double the time he spends in prison... ...where he won't learn a lot about the brotherhood of man. -Why does that make no sense to me? -Maybe I have more insight... ...into hate crimes than you do. Oh, Mark, don't make this about you being black. Hey, anybody ever put a rock through your window for being blond? See you in court. I was on my way back from my girlfriend's dorm... ...when this car pulled up in front of the frat house. Jonathan and this other guy got out and came after me. Jonathan and this other guy got out and came after me. Did you do or say anything to provoke them? Nothing. Jonathan started shouting names at me. -Then what happened? -They chased me. And Jonathan jumped me from behind and started wailing on me. Did you sustain any injuries in this attack? A broken nose and a dislocated shoulder. How did you meet the defendant initially? He rushed Chi Theta the year before. I was president of the chapter. He didn't exactly fit in, so we passed. When you say he didn't fit in, can you be more specific? At the rush dance, we got complaints from a few of our female guests... ...about inappropriate behavior. He groped them, basically-- -Objection. Hearsay. -Sustained. What about the other individual who attacked you? Ever seen him before? Never. When the defendant attacked you, did he give you any explanation? He said that I deserved to be beaten until blood ran out my ears... ...because I was a Jew. Were those his exact words? He used the word "kike." Was this the first time he expressed anti-Semitic sentiments? No, after he was turned down, he started calling me... ...leaving hate messages. I finally had to change my number. -Did he leave you alone after that? -No. He started sending me stuff. Your Honor, I have a letter here written by the defendant. May I approach the witness? Do you recognize this letter, Mr. Lipson? That's one of the letters he sent. I'd like to enter this as people's exhibit three. Please read the last paragraph of the letter, Mr. Lipson. Objection, Your Honor. No foundation. The handwriting has been authenticated... ...by a graphologist as the defendant's. I'll admit it, subject to strike. Go ahead. "lzzi, Ikey, Jakie, Sam, you're the boys that don't eat ham. Matzo and gefilte fish are your favorite dinner dish. The world be a better place if Adolf's crew had finished the job they started. Gai gezenterhait, Jonathan Miller" "Gai gezenterhait" is Yiddish for "go and be healthy. " I guess he was being ironic. Nothing further. Dr. Matheson, have you been able to establish... ...an estimated time of death? Yes. Jessica Costello died between the hours of 1 O p.m. and 3 a.m... -...on the night in question. -Based upon your autopsy findings... ...would you please tell the court what was the manner of death? Homicide. And the mechanism and cause of that homicide? Asphyxiation due to strangulation. How can you be so sure that asphyxiation... ...wasn't caused by, say, choking on a piece of food? This was a violent manual strangulation. As noted in my protocol, the hyoid bone... ...which is located at the base of the tongue, was fractured. You said, manually. How can you be so certain? There were obvious finger and thumb marks on the neck. ln a ligature strangulation... ...bruises left by a cord or a stocking form a straight line. Doctor, other than your toxilogical findings... ...did you find any foreign substance in the body of Jessica Costello? Yes. A vaginal swab revealed the presence of semen. And did you turn that swab over to SID? -Yes. Thank you, doctor. That's all. Your witness. You're aware that Jessica Costello's body was discovered... -...at approximately 7:30 a.m.? -That's my understanding. Yes. Can you state the precise moment Jessica Costello died? I cannot. Could any doctor or forensic scientist? -No. -Why is that? Unless it is witnessed... ...it is impossible to establish the exact time of someone's death. The best we can do is give a reasonable estimate... ...based on analysis of the postmortem changes. You've established Miss Costello's time of death within a five-hour window. -ls that correct? -Yes. In your report, you stated that the act of sexual intercourse... In your report, you stated that the act of sexual intercourse... ...alluded to previously occurred prior to the time of death, correct? That was my finding, yes. Then it's possible the act... ...of intercourse and Jessica's death... ...could have occurred, by your own estimation, five hours apart. -Right? -It's possible. lf, hypothetically, Mr. Avedon had sex with Jessica at 10 p.m... J ...and she was murdered at 3 a.m. you couldn't disprove that, could you? J ...and she was murdered at 3 a.m. you couldn't disprove that, could you? -No. -And if I told you, hypothetically... ...Neil Avedon was in Chicago by the time Jessica Costello met her death... ...you couldn't disprove that, could you? -Well, when you put it that way-- -That's exactly the way I'm putting it. No, I couldn't. No further questions. Mr. McBride, did the defendant ask you to accompany him... -...to the Chi Theta house in Westwood? Yes. Did he say why? -Uh, Johnny said he needed to kick... ...the crap out of this kid for being a Jew, would I come in case... ...he needed backup if his buddies showed up? What happened when you arrived at the fraternity? Well, we sat in the car drinking beer until the guy got there... ...and then Johnny was out of the car like a shot swarming him. You also participated in the assault, did you not? Yeah, but this was Johnny's beef. I held him down while he stomped him. Did the defendant say anything to Stuart Lipson as he kicked and beat him? He called him a kike, uh... ...a bunch of stuff along the same lines. Your witness. You've received immunity from prosecution for your role in this attack... ...in exchange for your testimony, correct? -Yeah. -Did you meet with Mr. Washington... -...to discuss your testimony here? Yeah. How many times did you meet with Mr. Washington? -Three or four times. -Coached you... -...on what to say, didn't he? -No. He told me... ...the kind of questions I'd answer and all I had to do was tell the truth. I see. Tell me something, have you ever been convicted of a felony? Objection. The defense is attempting to inflame your passions, Your Honor. Overruled. Let me assure you, counsel, my passions are in check. -Yeah. -lsn't it true that you've been... ...convicted twice of assault and battery? Yeah, I'm the kind of guy who gets hassled. Given your familiarity with violence, was it your suggestion to Jonathan Miller... ...that he use his fists to settle things with Stuart Lipson? Look, like I said, I was just along for the ride. California has a three-strikes law. Your prior convictions-- -Objection! Calls for illegal conclusion. -Overruled. Without immunity, you'd be Iooking at your third strike... -...Mr. McBride. -I'm telling you the truth. Your Honor, the answer is unresponsive. So ordered. The witness is to answer the question. One more time, Mr. McBride. The choice was, testify against Jonathan Miller... ...or spend the rest of your life in jail. Yes or no? Yes. No further questions. What do you know, Davey? I know Beverly Nichols' insanely jealous husband... ...used to take money to do threesomes with his wife. This comes from where? A guy she hustled for, owned an escort service. Said if that was the john's wrinkle... ...the husband would take an extra C-note to go along. Will your guy go on record? How about he's got a video of Beverly and her husband... ...getting it on with a john? If that's true, that pretty much blows Richard Cross' alibi all to hell. -When can we see the tape? -He's coming down from Sonoma. I'll meet him at the DeVille Motel, make sure it's right. The tape will be on your desk at 4 p.m. How expensive is this exercise in good citizenship? Gratis. The guy owed me one. Must have been some favor. When you drop this on Polson, about Cross' story being no good... ...ask, does he still think you're Cross' boy? And get a Polaroid of his face for my wallet. Davey. Watch your back. Would you tell the court, Detective Polson... ...what other probable cause led you to the arrest of the defendant... -...for the murder of Jessica Costello? In an earlier interview... ...he denied having sex with the victim on the night of her death. But a lab report later revealed the presence of his semen inside her. -Would you elaborate, detective? -I directed the lab to compare... ...the sample with one taken from Mr. Avedon during a recent paternity suit. DNA typings revealed them to be identical. And did you inform the defendant about the lab report? -I did. -And how did he respond? He said he wanted a lawyer. Thank you. You originally arrested Richard Cross for the crime, did you not? Yes. -You wouldn't have arrested Mr. Cross... ...unless you had probable cause, correct? -Correct. Then tell us, detective... ...if you were so wrong about Mr. Cross' involvement... ...how can you expect the court to believe you're right about Neil Avedon? We feel the evidence is compelling. Let's talk about evidence. Were there any independent witnesses to the crime? No. Any history of violence between Neil Avedon and Jessica Costello? No. Let's get back to that earlier interview. You questioned Mr. Avedon in September in the drug arrest... -...for which charges were dropped? -That's right. Did you tell Mr. Avedon then... ...he could avoid prosecution if he said Mr. Cross... ...was in Jessica's apartment the night she died? No, I did not. Then help me out here, detective. Did my client pick Mr. Cross' name out of a hat? Richard Cross was a suspect. I knew they were friends. I pointed out we'd appreciate anything Avedon knew about the Costello murder. Didn't you tell Neil Avedon... ...that if he could place Mr. Cross at the apartment... ...the night of Jessica Costello's murder you wouldn't file drug charges? No, I did not. But when Beverly Nichols provided Richard Cross with an alibi... ...you turned around, and you arrested Neil Avedon, didn't you? ...you turned around, and you arrested Neil Avedon, didn't you? I did. The closest target, is that right? No. All the evidence points to a single perpetrator... ...who knew the victim and had rough sex with her prior to her murder. The defendant is the only one who fits that description. You had no description of the killer. You made that up, didn't you? Objection. Argumentative. Sustained. When the criminologists lifted the semen sample from the dead girl... ...out of all the men in L.A... ...what made you look for a match with Neil Avedon's DNA? A hunch? Or did you consult with psychics during your investigation? I simply followed the evidence. The way you followed it on Richard Cross. Objection. I'm done here, Your Honor. Mr. Hoffman. -Sydney. -Getting your bearings all right here? -Yes, sir. This is for you. A summary of the judge's decisions that were reversed on evidentiary rulings. I thought maybe it could be helpful, possibly. -I'll look forward to reading it. He still hasn't called in. -Give my regards to your folks. -Thanks. Ted? Just so you know, the buzz going around... ...is this firm and everyone in it is owned by Richard Cross. I wouldn't pay attention to any of that if I were you, Arnold. It's an assault on our collective integrity. I'm working out at lunch, okay... ...and this idiot litigator on a treadmill next to me starts in with this routine. lt got pretty intense in the cardiovascular section. I came close to popping the guy. Arnold, this town's like a bucket of crabs. Make it to the top of the pile, someone's underneath to pull you down. -Let it go. -Dave Blalock returning your page. Davey, have you got the tape? And why did he miss the second plane? This is no good, Davey. I'm not looking to hire him as a pilot. I'm also not looking to see you in some kind of jackpot. Davey. This guy wouldn't be looking to hurt you? Would he go up for auction? All right, all right. You'll call me. Based on witnesses' testimony, this is what we now know. Jessica Costello died in her apartment between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m. The presence of Mr. Avedon's semen proves that he lied to the police... ...when he denied having been there at that time. And Jessica was strangled either during or after a sexual act. One of the defendant's many disturbing predilections. A trial to bring this man to justice is not only warranted but required... ...since the people have established a reasonable suspicion... ...that Mr. Avedon is the person who committed this murder. Thank you, Your Honor. Counsel. This young man concealed having had sex with Jessica Costello... ...because she was underage. He was intimidated by police into regurgitating a scenario... ...force-fed to him, involving Richard Cross... ...Detective Polson's original candidate for this murder. When that didn't pan out and Mr. Cross was released... ...Neil Avedon became a convenient scapegoat. But the creaky scenario conjured up by the prosecution... ...in no way leads to a reasonable suspicion... ...that Mr. Avedon had any part in her death. And, therefore, we believe there is insufficient evidence... ...to charge Mr. Avedon with this crime. Thank you, Your Honor. I believe the people have established their burden. Mr. Avedon, your case is bound over to the Superior Court. Your Honor, I'd like to be reheard on the matter of bail. Take that up with the trial judge as soon as one is assigned. This hearing is concluded. -Hang in there. -As soon as we get a new judge... ...we move to set bail again. Let's go. Has Davey beeped us back? Nothing. I'll see you back at the office. I mean, this is very irregular. I don't know about this. -Open it. -What about the privacy sign? I'll give you one quick peek. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I'm going to call the police! -Wait a minute. -I have to report this! That's my card. Give that to the detectives when they arrive-- You're supposed to stay here! You give that to the detective. Davey. Mr. Blalock. this is the Laurel Pet Clinic. Algonquin is ready to come home now. This is Dr. Scarborough's office. The doctor will need about an hour... ...to take impressions for your new bridge. Give us a call if this fits into your schedule. The doctor will be away next month. and we'll have to change things around. GARY ON PHONE: Dave, Gary here. The arrangements have been made. I'm waiting on you to give me the word. Dave. pick up the phone. Dave. Dave. is this guy a no-show or a figment of your imagination? Mr. Blalock. Bay Cities Properties again. GARY ON PHONE: Got your message. Rusty will be at that number. Call me if there's a change. Final message. ln my evaluation of the defendant... ...l found him to be of above-average intelligence... ... presenting symptoms of anxiety disorder... ...which teachers and family report had been ongoing since adolescence. Within the last two years, the patient had bouts of depression... ...that were eventually externalized as antisocial behavior... ...consistent with the crime with which he's been charged. ls the defendant able to tell right from wrong? -Yes. -Can you explain to the court... ...how it's possible for a person to be Jewish... ...and at the same time anti-Semitic? Yes. Mr. Miller's grandfather was a concentration camp survivor. Very often survivor guilt creates a generalized dissociative anxiety... ...in the family, particularly among the offspring. The defendant's parents responded by spearheading Jewish causes. They became prominent in the Jewish community and beyond. This placed even more pressure on the defendant... ...who was already despondent over his perceived inadequacies. He lashed out, projecting his hatred onto anything Jewish. ln your opinion, was he gripped by an irresistible impulse... ...making it impossible for him to restrain himself... ...from engaging in racist attacks on people? Objection, leading. Counsel's providing testimony. I'll rephrase. Can Jonathan freely choose what to do... ...about his feelings of prejudice and hatred? Yes. ln my opinion, Jonathan is a mentally balanced individual... ...who can experience feelings without having to act on them. Your witness. ln your experience... ...do people who hate themselves do self-destructive things? -It's very common. -Doctor, how do you know... ...that Jonathan's actions weren't an attempt to punish or destroy himself... ...and beating up Stuart Lipson was the best way? -Objection. Compound. -Sustained. Miss Appleton, let's not put too fine a point on this. Your Honor, the purpose of hate crime enhancements... Your Honor, the purpose of hate crime enhancements... ...is to levy greater punishment on crimes targeted at minority groups. lf, in fact, my client did attack Stuart Lipson, it was not out of ethnic hatred. The only person Jonathan hates is himself. He didn't have the requisite intent to commit a hate crime. Jonathan. Jonathan! Sit down, young man, unless you want me to hold you for contempt. You have my sympathies. This guy ought to have his head examined. He's crazy. Counselor. Let's go to my office. I knew where to look for him because he told me where he'd be. He was late getting in touch with me, so I went to find him. The motel manager let me into his room. They were shot to death exactly as you found them. No sign of struggle, no disarray. This other DB, Freddie Carello. I never heard of him. Never heard of him. What's your next question? He got popped a couple of times down here for pandering. You don't know what Blalock was doing with this guy in a motel room? How many times you gonna ask me that? That's a no? Why didn't you stay at the crime scene? I had business to take care of. We found Blalock's apartment key on him but no office key. We had to get the building manager to let us in. ls that where you were taking care of business, Mr. Hoffman? Are you accusing me of something? Perish the thought. He's hit point-blank. There's no sign of struggle in the room. Occur to you Blalock might have known the shooter? Makes sense. Did you have knowledge of business he may have been doing... -...with Gary Blondo? -No. Why don't you talk to Mr. Blondo? Yeah, we're gonna do that. Sorry for your loss. He'll see you now. What a thing, huh, Teddy? What did you have to do with it? Are we bugged? Davey Blalock was murdered. What did you have to do with it? I hope to God you know what I had to do with it. He told me he had a line on proof to clear Neil. He said he needed $100,OOO cash. I figured he was calling for you. You think I can't raise $100,OOO? You think I can't call you on the phone? Whoa, whoa, what the hell is going on here? I figured you wanted a little deniability. Blalock didn't come from you? -Who'd you send with the money, Gary? -Rusty Arnold. He waited nine hours... ...by a pay phone for Blalock's call. -He brought the money to the motel? -Yes, and he dropped it off and left. Are you crazy? You think I have anything to do with what happened? I've got a film to open and a star who's in jail. Blalock tells me he's got a video tape that gets Neil out. -That's all he said to you? -What else would he need to say? A, he comes from you, B, I don't want to know what's on the tape. I'd like a little deniability too. I got to talk to the police. How about Rusty? Rusty is talking to them now. He's on your payroll or the studio's? The studio's. And also, he's got 14 years with the DA... ...after moving over from the FBl. Also a fourth-level security clearance. Very impressive. You're not looking to saw the branch off behind me, are you, Teddy? Saying you didn't know about this? I had no idea you were involved. I'll tell you the truth. I'm a little out of my depth. I'm not sure what the hell's going on. That's where you jump in with reassurance. I have to run a staff meeting, Gary. Louis will show you out. Sure. Okay. -The defense calls Dr. Gina Sanchez. -Objection. The people have had no opportunity... ...to examine this witness' background, nor do we have any reports. What are you doing? You suggested I have his head examined. The report was provided to Mr. Washington. I also attempted to discuss Dr. Sanchez's anticipated testimony... ...with Mr. Washington last night and early this morning. He didn't return my calls. Mr. Washington? I've been involved in another case, and I dropped the ball. If you could grant a 20-minute recess-- Next time, return your phone calls and read your mail, Mr. Washington. Go ahead, Miss Appleton. Dr. Sanchez, what is your current position? I'm chief of neurology at Westside Medical Center. Based on your examination of Jonathan yesterday afternoon... ...have you an opinion as to whether Jonathan's violent behavior... ...is caused by a medical condition? Yes. I had a series of MRls taken that I'd like to use as illustration. We ask that these be entered into evidence as defense exhibit E. Objection. Lack of foundation. Overruled. This is Jonathan Miller's brain. This mass is a grade-four astrocytoma, an advanced malignant tumor. It's located in the left frontal lobe. ln your opinion would that tumor influence or alter Jonathan's behavior? Absolutely. The brain's cognitive center, which evaluates information... ...and forms appropriate behavioral responses... ...is located in the left frontal lobe. So is impulse control. Damage in this region would result in the same type of paranoid, delusional... ...disinhibited behavior exhibited by Mr. Miller. In other words, Jonathan would suffer delusions... ...and have impulses based on those? Correct. And no matter how wrong... ...those delusional impulses were, would Jonathan be able to resist them? It's unlikely. It's also worth noting that this area affects speech. So inappropriate verbal responses would be expected. ln an individual who'd had a troubled adolescence with anxiety neurosis... ...is it possible that aggressive behavior caused by the tumor... ...could be misread as a more extreme version of acting out? Yes, that type of behavioral profile could easily mask the tumor's presence. If not removed, this tumor will kill him, won't it? -Eventually, yes. Is it operable? Yes. And with his youth and physical condition... ...his chances of a full recovery are very good. Counsel, approach. We won't need the reporter. Do the people understand this is to be a death penalty case? Because that's what it's turned into. Well, if it's true. We've gotten a second opinion, and you saw the MRls yourself. Mr. Washington, do the people have a motion? I may catch hell for this, but I'm gonna do what I think is right. Good. Step back. Mr. Washington, do you wish to make a motion at this time? Yes, Your Honor. In light of the defendant's medical condition... ...the people move to dismiss. Motion granted. Case dismissed. Mr. Washington, I'm stating for the record... ...and for the benefit of your superiors... ...that you chose the correct course of action here. Mr. Miller, good luck to you and your family. This court is adjourned. Good job, Justine. -Hope everything works out. -Thanks. Let's go home, son. -We can't thank you enough. -It's not necessary. No, really. Thanks. Thanks. -You okay? -Yeah, I guess. I'm kind of scared. You'll be fine. Dr. Sanchez is a good surgeon. Take care. Thanks for meeting me, Ray. -Who killed Davey? -I've got some ideas. I'd like to meet him. -You want another one? -No. Will you do some work for me? I owe you, and I owed Davey. I'll do whatever you need. Eight o'clock from you, center of the room... ...Gary Blondo and his security guy. Gary Blondo that makes movies. Davey was looking into a lead in the Avedon case. Avedon's in Blondo's new movie. Davey went to Blondo for 100 grand. The security guy delivered the money to Davey where he was killed. ls he the guy I want to meet? Come on, I'll introduce you. Oh, leave that. We're being joined. Hey, Teddy. Uh-oh, Teddy, who's jammed up today? Pick a table, Gary. Uh, you know Rusty Arnold? -I think we've met a few times. -Hoffman. Gary Blondo, Rusty Arnold, this is Raymond Velacek. -Hi. -You were an L.A. cop. Yeah, retired. Yeah, I think I read about it. So how'd your conversations go? Teddy, I'll tell you, I was 100 percent forthcoming. -I gather Rusty was too. -I'm sorry what happened to your guy. Was he into any drug cases or anything? Not that I'm aware of. Was he, uh, exclusive to you? -Pretty much. -Yeah, they asked me that. -Pretty much. -Yeah, they asked me that. l, uh, didn't know what to tell them. Keep me posted, Teddy... ...any developments. -Sure. -Good. -Good to see you. Take care. Any idea who the empty chair was for? Walk away from me. Teddy. Now, here's what makes you such a complicated person, Richard. You walk in a minute ago, you see me, you head for the men's room... ...so I won't realize you're Blondo's lunch date. All you gotta do is stay in there. But you can't do it. You peek out, see me about to leave, you gotta come out and let me see you. Like 90 percent of you wants to be careful, and 10 percent... ...wants to tempt fate. You know, Teddy, in a life not short on mistakes... ...l promised myself I would never get involved in the picture business. And what am I about to do? Break bread with Blondo and let him talk you into the picture business. That's why you're the smartest lawyer in town. Will you wish me luck, Teddy? Sure, Richard. Good luck. Even if I'm not very prudent? Those are the people who need to stay lucky. rhe second victim had relatives in Sonoma. Freddie Carello. I'll check it out. If you get a bite, I might want you to go up there. -Julie Costello. -Just a second. lt opens at 800 a week, Ray, with benefits. Good. That's good. I'll check in a couple times a day and whenever there's news. Thanks for seeing me. Are you all right? No. I'm bumping into things, and I think I'm going to die. Why do you think that? Why? My sister's dead. Your detective's dead. Was he working off the diary I gave you? Julie, you want some water? Something to drink? Not allowed. lt exaggerates my medications... ...which means I'd probably fall off the building. What medications are you taking? Dr. Lester's happy combo. You want my opinion of Dr. Lester? Best case, he's a quack. I lie there thinking that from about 1 in the morning until Richard gets up. Then what happens? Then he says it's part of my depression. And then at 11 , I see Dr. Lester. I hate the way I feel. It's like there's a pillow on everything. And I keep feeling like there's something really terrible going on... ...and I can't see it through the pillow. Maybe there is something terrible going on. Maybe there is. Maybe there is. You want to get out of Richard's house? You want to get away from his doctor? I have to go, I'm sorry. This was a mistake. I have to go, I'm sorry. This was a mistake. Julie, stop and talk to me. If Richard's as evil as you think he is... ...then I killed my sister. Julie. -Don't get in here. I deserve whatever happens. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 