Murder One: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e10 - Chapter Ten - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 10 - Chapter Ten - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the next few minutes... ...you'll find out everything you need to know... ...to enjoy what TV Guide calls "the best new show of the year." Murder One. So let me bring you up-to-date. lt all begins with the murder. The victim. Jessica Costello... ...was found bound. sexually assaulted and strangled. All the evidence points to a single perpetrator... ...who knew the victim and had rough sex with her prior to her murder. Suspect number one, billionaire Richard Cross. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I would be relieved and grateful if you would represent me on this, Teddy. Why were you there if your girlfriend was out of town? Jessica called me, very frightened... ...and asked me to come over to the apartment. And she was dead when I walked in. Suspect number one, Richard Cross. arrested. Get me out! But Richard Cross has an alibi. I have information Richard Cross is innocent. I was with him when he went to that girl's apartment. Richard Cross also has a girlfriend... ...the older sister of the victim. There were some sexual aspects to your sister's murder. What kind of relationship did Richard Cross have with your little sister? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He was like a second father to her. Richard Cross is released. I was confident my innocence would be proven and my name cleared. Suspect number two, drug-addicted movie star Neil Avedon. We arrested Neil off of the semen in Jessica Costello... ...and his inconsistent statements to the police. lt looks like you're hip-deep in a rape homicide. the key piece of evidence is the victim's diary. Jessica writes about her experience with sex and drugs. For all we know, Jessica planned on blackmailing one of these men... ...none of whom could afford to have these revelations made public. ...none of whom could afford to have these revelations made public. The struggle for power. I told you not to talk to Richard Cross. -Well, he's my friend. -He is not your friend. He put up a million bucks so I could stay out of jail. -I call that pretty friendly. -I am your only friend. You trust me, and me alone. You consider everyone else an enemy. The psychiatrist Graham Lester. I resent your suggesting I would do anything... ...to undermine the well-being of one of my patients. W,, ould your definition of Neil's best interests"... ...include keeping him out of the gas chamber? Neil confessed to killing Jessica. Suspect number two, Meil Avedon's live network interview. Isn't it possible you strangled her and you just don't remember? It's impossible for me not to remember something I couldn't have done... ...something it's inconceivable I would ever do to anyone... ...let alone a person I loved the way I loved Jessica. What are you doing here at 7:30 in the morning? This was stuck under my door last night. You're sure this is from the same woman who stalked you? -Holly Gerges. -ls Holly Gerges capable... ...of doing what she says she did in this letter? You're asking me? Absolutely. This woman used to send me between 75 and 100 letters a week. She used to send me gifts: Sweaters, blankets, socks. She broke into my apartment and waited for me... ...in my bed. I had to get a restraining order to keep her away. This is murder we're talking about now. "Tell your girlfriend to keep away, or I'll do to her what I did to Jessica." She says she did it. Not to say that she's not dangerous, Neil... ...but people say a lot of things. Why have you never mentioned her to me? Well, I hadn't heard from her in a couple of years. I didn't think to mention it. Right off the bat, I'd say your girlfriend needs someone looking after her. We should find out where Holly Gerges is living. If she's inclined to confess to the murder of Jessica Costello... ...Ray Velacek and I ought to have a little talk with her. Her hands fit around Jessica Costello's throat as easily as anyone else's. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Please be seated. I trust you've read the booklet explaining your duties as jurors... ...should you be selected. Let me emphasize that it's extremely important... ...for you to speak out fully and honestly in response to questions. No one here seeks to pry into your lives or to embarrass you. However, our Constitution guarantees Mr. Avedon's right to a fair trial... ...by an impartial jury. We need your forthright answers. Counsel, please rise and introduce yourselves. Miriam Grasso and Mark Washington for the people of the state of California. Theodore Hoffman and Christopher Docknovich for Mr. Neil Avedon. Do you understand, sir, that while police officers do, on occasion... ...arrest innocent people, the district attorney's office... ...wouldn't be prosecuting this case if we didn't have a good-faith belief... ...the evidence will show the defendant's guilt? I understand that's what you're saying. I don't know if that's always the case. If evidence indicates that Avedon was having consensual sex with Jessica... ...do you think that fact makes it more likely he would also commit murder? Statistically, most of the people who are murdered... ...are murdered by people they know. So it's definitely more likely. Whether or not it's so in this particular case depends on the evidence. lt says in your questionnaire that you work in a women's health clinic. ls one of your responsibilities counseling rape victims? lt was in the past. It's not what I do at present. In your experience, has a man ever been falsely accused of rape? Yes. Have you formed an opinion... ...as to whether or not Jessica Costello was, in fact, victimized by Mr. Avedon... ...as a result of his having sexual relations with her? I have formed no such opinion. It's been your experience, though, has it not... ...that most women are victimized by men in their sexual relationships? ...that most women are victimized by men in their sexual relationships? Well, many women are. I don't know about most. ls it your opinion, ma'am... ...that men have a physical advantage over women... ...and that the threat of physical violence is used by men as a means of... ...control or intimidation? There are many men that would fit that description to a T. But I wouldn't go so far as to say it describes them all. Approach. Move to challenge for cause, Your Honor. On what grounds? This woman's experience working with rape victims... ...makes her predisposed to be biased against my client. The people don't believe that working in the field of women's health... ...is de facto proof of bias against men. I agree. I even find the suggestion vaguely offensive. Do you have any other grounds, Mr. Hoffman? Not at present, Your Honor. Challenge for cause denied. ls defense counsel exercising any of his peremptories? No, Your Honor. ln that case, step back and resume your voir dire. Your wife is here. She's in the office. Give me 10 minutes. -I'll meet you in the conference room. -All right. Sorry to do this. What's wrong? I could've waited till you got home. I just thought, "Let me not wait. Let me come up here and ta,l,k to you about it right away. I'm gonna drop dead of a heart attack. What are you talking about? I had lunch with Celia today. She said she had heard that you and Francesca Cross were having an affair. Who did she hear it from? She wouldn't tell me. The first thing I want you to know is that it's not true. Francesca Cross and I aren't having an affair in any possible sense of the word. I knew it. I just had to ask. I understand. I know people talk. I know you're in the middle of this case. It's still hard to hear, though. Of course it is. Okay, that's all. We don't have to talk about it anymore. You believe me, Annie, don't you? Yes, I believe you. I'm embarrassed I even brought it up. Don't be. I'll see you at home. From where we sit now, I'd say we have 15 candidates... ...more likely to vote to acquit. How many will be knocked off by the prosecution? Six will go down as soon as they open their mouths. Depending on how prosecution exercises its peremptories... ...there are five we have a chance of getting. -Who do you like? Julia Antonelli. -I just tried to get rid of her. I know you did. Based on the fact you have 11 peremptories... ...you exercised good judgment not using one on her. I think she could be good for us. -She's a card-carrying feminist. -So? Our client is a male. He's an admittedly heterosexual male. He represents the motion-picture and television industry, which has... ...according to a feminist perspective, systematically both glamorized... ...and demonized the image of women. Accordingly, I think she'd hurt us. There's that risk. There's also the likelihood that feminist identification... ...is accompanied by greater suspicion of authority and less judgmental attitude... ...toward promiscuity and underage sexual relations, particularly... ...when the age-of-consent differential between male and female... ...is consistent with what they view as an oppressive, patriarchal paradigm. Hm. -What about the ex-cop? -Cormier. lt would be interesting to know why he took early retirement. He may have an ax to grind against the police department. He may have an ax to grind against the police department. -Right. He worked out of Hollenbeck... ...which is where Dave Blalock was. He might have known Dave... ...known he worked for us, in which case, he might be favorably inclined. Alternatively, Dave might have slept with his wife. He'll look to hang Neil for that. Arnold? Sorry, I didn't mean that literally, Neil. -No, that's all right. -l've located her. We ought to get there. -No, that's all right. -l've located her. We ought to get there. Just a second. Who is it? We work for Neil Avedon. I wonder if you'd talk to us for a moment. You work for Neil? I'm Ray Velacek, and this is Ted Hoffman. He's Neil's attorney. -Have we met? -I don't believe we have. Oh. I didn't think so... ...which is odd because I know everyone who works for Neil. We haven't been working for him very long. -Can I ask you in? Thank you. Would you like some herbal tea? No. No, thank you. Both Neil and l are trying to eat healthier. That's good. When I used to make lasagna for us, I would use sausages or ground chuck. Now I'm making it strictly vegetarian. I use zucchini, eggplant.... I also use a low-fat ricotta cheese. I'll have to remember that. You wouldn't think it to look at him, but Neil has a problem with cholesterol. Are you expecting Neil for dinner, Miss Gerges? Uh-huh. I would ask you to stay, but I never know what time we're gonna sit down. Neil got a letter from you this morning, Miss Gerges. Neil gets lots of letters from me. I'll send him a snapshot... ...or I'll see something in the paper that strikes me as funny. Sometimes, for no reason at all, I'll see something that reminds me of him. I find it's no more trouble to jot down a note and stick it in an envelope... ...than it is to pick up the phone and call. You said something in this last letter which is of great interest to us. And what would that be, Mr. Hoffman? You said that you killed Jessica Costello. That letter was not addressed to you. That letter was to Neil Avedon. Neil is about to stand trial for murder, Miss Gerges. It's important that if you know something about that murder... ...you come forward. -I don't. -You said you did. Neil understands what I said. Neil understands what I didn't say. And if there's anything Neil does not understand... ...then Neil should be asking the questions! Holly, you have a history of psychiatric problems. We want you to know we're aware of that. You know, that is insulting. I have allowed you in my home. I have been entirely hospitable with you. And now each of you, in turn, has taken an accusatory tone... ...and seen fit to talk to me about things that are really none of your business! I'm going to ask you both to leave. And I'm going to tell Neil. I promise you, he will not be happy. So. Seems to me we need to talk to Holly Gerges. Allergies, detective? Every time you start blowing smoke, counselor, I get a nasal tickle. You don't think this woman warrants investigation? Yes, she warrants investigation. Just don't get your hopes up. This is for the benefit of the working press. He knows as well as I do this woman didn't kill Jessica Costello. Your source at the Psychic Friends Network tip you off? You want me to interview her? I'll interview her. Don't get sidetracked by some flake who danced through his life five years ago. I know these wackos, I deal with them every day. We got the right guy. You know it. You know it. And he knows it. You'll have her in today, I trust? Yeah. I did a little more digging on Patrick McQuen. Patrick McQuen? Are we still considering him? -He may not be what he seems. -Well, he seems pretty scary. Sixty-six years old, ex-Marine. He voted for Reagan, Wilson... ...and the death penalty. That's not good. -Let's take this in here. Five years ago, McQuen's son... ...both worked at Chem-Tron Electronics, got fired. lt went down around a sexual-harassment suit. The company spent a fortune defending themselves. They took it out on junior. And the old man resented it. He quit in protest when his son got fired. So he's a juror who may be sympathetic to charges of false accusation. Despite his profile, he could be one of ours. He may not be willing to characterize Jessica as innocent. May feel men are getting the shaft these days. May feel accusations in matters involving sex are too widespread. What do you think, Teddy? Political philosophy is one thing. Family is another. I think we want him. The only problem is, Miriam may be looking at the same things. If we leave him alone, she's gonna smell a rat. We appear to go after him. Look to get him excused for cause, give her something to push against. And what if Grasso knows as much about him as we do? She'll exercise one of her peremptories. Either way, we win. Mr. McQuen, you're the captain of your Neighborhood Watch Association. Do you have much crime in the Mar Vista area? Do you have much crime in the Mar Vista area? We keep a pretty tight lid on things. A bunch of good people. We look out for ourselves. -The police aren't getting the job done? -They're doing fine. What we do, it's in addition. -You fought in Korea, didn't you? -Yeah. Marines. I saw some action. The defendant is about to appear in a film in which he plays an action hero. Does that impress you? It's acting, right? I know the difference. Thank you. No more questions, Your Honor. Good afternoon, sir. Mr. McQuen, you understand the nature of the presumption of innocence? Yeah, I do. So you know that just because the police arrest someone... ...that doesn't mean he committed the crime with which he's charged? Like I said, I'm pretty clear on the presumption of innocence. Would you say the police are right when they arrest someone... ...most of the time? Some of the time? What? The way I see it, the police are right a lot more than they're wrong. They're not to blame. There's a lot of violence in this world, but the police are pulling their oar... ...pretty damn good. But you do believe there's a problem in the criminal justice system, correct? Yes. Am I part of what's wrong with the criminal justice system, Mr. McQuen? Well, I don't know about you personally, but a lot of the times... ...you defense guys are pretty sneaky. Approach. -Challenge for cause. -Why? This man's a poster boy for the prosecution. Your Honor, we can't let counsel's paranoia rule the jury selection process. There's nothing about Mr. McQuen that indicates any limiting bias or prejudice. I'm inclined to agree. If he wants to use a peremptory, he can. Well, Mr. Hoffman? We won't challenge at this time, Your Honor. Vivien Barone. Send her in, Louis. You have choir practice tonight? -lf you need me to stay.... -No, go ahead. See you tomorrow. Teddy. Hello, Vivien. ln case you haven't heard, there's a mean-spirited rumor on the grapevine. I know. It's extremely upsetting to both Annie and me. As it is to Francesca, quite understandably. I assume this came out of your negotiations with Richard. He knows how loyal Francesca is to her friends. You being among her most valued. By trashing you, he so unnerved her, she's about ready to cave. Teddy, you have every right to be upset. But if Francesca calls, I'd be grateful if you'd not communicate your distress. lt goes without saying, Vivien. You have your hands full as it is... ...without my saying something that might inflame the situation. Thank you, Teddy. I appreciate your understanding. -What's the number you're going after? -Half. Which right now is around 200 million. He put 20 on the table the day we served papers. Hasn't budged since. If Francesca calls, I'll encourage her to stay the course. She's a good person. And I'd like to see her get everything she's entitled to. As good a person as she is, I don't know if she has the stomach for a long fight. No matter what anyone says. Thank you, Teddy. Do yourself a favor, Neil. Go home. Go to sleep. Drives a four-wheel-drive vehicle and subscribes to Sports Illustrated. He's bad for me. Would use homeopathic medicine and subscribes to the New Yorker. That's good. That's a slight oversimplification. Yeah, well, I didn't feel like I had a lot of friends in that room today, Ted. You don't need a lot. Neil? I thought I heard your voice. You know who I saw today? I was at the Irvine Ranch Market, and I saw Gale Storm. Do you remember her? I used to watch My little Margie every single morning. Oh. By the way, I need for you to look at a leather jacket for me. I tried it on this morning at Nordstrom's. I really don't know how I feel about it. What is it that you want, Miss Gerges? Neil, I want to talk to you, alone. Neil, I want to talk to you, alone. That's not going to happen, Miss Gerges. Neil... ...l need to talk to you about what is being done to me by this man. He has inroads at the police department, and I am being harassed by the police. I can't go home now, because they're waiting for me there. He's making my life a living hell, and you need to put a stop to it. What exactly would you like me to do, Holly? Well, tell the truth, how about? I could show you 100 different ways... ...where we are 100 percent predestined to be together. lnstead of accepting it, you fight it. And now lies are being told, and you are not standing up to defend me... ...and that is really something we need to talk about. What I need for you to do now is wait for me outside. Because I'm going to kill your attorney... ...and I think it would be better for you, Iegally, if you were not present. I don't want you to do that, Holly. How could you know what you want? I'm telling you I do know what I want. And what I want... ...is for there not to be any killing here tonight. That's number one. And I want for you... ...and me... ...to be happy. So why do you put me through all this? Because... ...l don't always know what's staring me right in the face. I could make you happy. I know you could. What do we do now? Well, we'll figure that out back at my place, over dinner. Candlelight... ...a nice bottle of wine. Just the two of us. -I'd really like that. Yeah. All right. First, give me the gun. Come on. All right. Now, let me finish talking business for five minutes. Okay, Holly? I'll meet you down in the lobby. -Francesca Cross is here. -Show her in. Francesca... ...how are you? Not very good. Please sit. l, uh.... I understand you've spoken to Vivien Barone. Can I assume it was to discuss Richard's latest unpleasantry? She told me he's been playing hardball on your divorce. Hardball? Mud wrestling is more like it. To drag you and Annie into this... ...it's unconscionable. Our marriage will survive. -lf you want me to call her, talk to her-- -No, we're fine. It's you I'm worried about. I just want to be free of all this, Ted. Richard's not the same man that I married. Six years ago, we started living separate lives. His was a parade of users... ...mistresses, whores. Mine was charitable work... ...and the rumors of infidelity behind my back. l've decided to accept the offer that's on the table and get on with my life. l've decided to accept the offer that's on the table and get on with my life. While I still have a shred of dignity left. Don't let Richard's tactics defeat you, Francesca. You're entitled to a good deal more than he's offering. I thought that I could go to war with him, but I can't. That's why you have Vivien in your corner. She's a fighter, believe me. Well, I think that I can make ends meet on $20 million, Ted. No one will be holding any bake sales for me. If you're doing this to spare Annie and me-- No, I'm doing what's right for me. Honestly. Besides, I know Richard. This would be just the beginning. He will do whatever it takes to bring me to my knees. If you really want to hurt him... ...go on record with what you know. As much as I'd like to help you, Ted... ...l can't. Richard scares me. And I'm tired of being scared. Whatever you decide... ...Richard's taken a great deal from you, Francesca. But he hasn't taken your dignity. Annie's a lucky woman, Ted. I hope I'm as lucky one day. Please give her my apologies. Sir, you understand the concept of circumstantial evidence, don't you? lt means no eyewitness. Just a lot of circumstances that suggest he did it. The law requires that when there are two reasonable inferences... ...to be drawn from such evidence... ...one suggesting guilt, the other innocence... ...you must adopt the one suggesting innocence. I think I can make that distinction. After all, a man's life is at stake. I I I I Like man says, Innocent until proven guilty. Mr. Cormier, do you understand the concept of reasonable doubt? That if such doubts aren't reasonable, then you must return a verdict of guilty? Twelve years on the force, you grasp the concept. You work in a psychiatrist's office, right, Miss Milligan? Yes. Eight years. What do you do there? Billing, reception. A little of everything. If the evidence were to show that Neil Avedon had sex... ...with a girl not much older than your daughter... ...would that affect your ability to judge him fairly? Um.... I won't pretend that I approve of that behavior, Mr. Hoffman... ...but I can decide this case on the facts. Because you work in a psychiatrist's office, do you believe you have more... ...insight into human behavior? Only that people don't always pay their bills and they're late for appointments. Does that bother you? People being late, not paying? Yes, it does. Why? Because it's wrong. Would you agree that there are instances where... ...people's actions cannot be viewed in black-and-white terms? That things which may appear one way on the surface, in fact... ...may not be what they appear? Of course I would. Thank you, ma'am. Think there's anything complex about murder, Miss Milligan? How do you mean? Well, if I were to prove that the man sitting at the defense table... ...brutally killed a 15 year-old girl... ...you wouldn't have trouble finding him guilty? Not as long as you proved it beyond a reasonable doubt. Would you look beneath the surface, as Mr. Hoffman has suggested... ...to try to find some complex reason to acquit him... ...despite evidence to the contrary? If you convince me beyond a reasonable doubt, I'll be the first to vote him guilty. Thank you. The court will take a 15 minute recess. First impressions? We may have some keepers on this panel. Cormier's one of them. Assuming he isn't picked up on Grasso's radar. He's a cop. Miriam's gotta love him for that. I kind of like him too. I got along great with the cops working security on Deadbolt. And if this guy's had a beef with the department, that's good for us, right? That's the theory. Now, the one I'd definitely pass on is Milligan. One who makes time for her kids and works for a shrink? I have to say, I liked her. She's patient, maternal, willing to weigh the evidence. True. But when I look at her demeanor, her body language, I see trouble. If you're bothered by the crucifix she had on... ...my 16-year-old sister has one like it and a navel ring. Wear it one day, it's a fashion statement. Wear it three days in a row, as this woman has, and it's who you are. Whenever sex is mentioned, she shifts in her seat or folds her arms. What I see is a judgmental, moralistic woman... ...who, as soon as she gets the chance, is gonna drop the hammer. I don't want to use a peremptory because we don't like her wardrobe. Ask her if she'll be unduly influenced by Neil's celebrity. She'll dispute the notion that Neil's a celebrity. Ask her about Neil's history with drugs and alcohol. She'll say substance abuse is a failure of character. Watch. Do you think Mr. Avedon's celebrity status will... ...influence your ability to remain impartial? The fact that he was in a TV show doesn't make any difference to me. So if he were to take the stand in this trial... ...your ability to objectively evaluate his testimony... ...wouldn't be affected by his being famous? Jonas Salk was famous, Mr. Hoffman. Susan B. Anthony was famous. He's just someone who gets his picture in a lot of magazines. In those magazines, have you read about Mr. Avedon's... ...struggle with drugs and alcohol? Yes. ln your opinion, is it more or less likely... ...Mr. Avedon committed the crime with which he's charged... ...because he suffers from the disease of alcoholism? Well.... One's got nothing to do with the other... ...but I don't buy this disease business. If you get drunk or take drugs, it's because you want to. It's not a disease. It's a failure of character. Nothing further. Your Honor, the defense thanks and excuses Miss Milligan. Miss Milligan, you are excused. How is jury selection coming along? The process continues. We remain hopeful of finding an impartial panel which will fairly weigh evidence. REPORTER 2: There's a rumor police are Iooking at another suspect. The police took into custody a woman who has been stalking Neil Avedon. ln a letter delivered to Neil's home, this woman claims to have killed Jessica. If a police investigation bears this out, we'll be seeking a dismissal of charges. Can you give us her name? Did she make an attempt on Neil's life? An incident in my office was defused without violence. Any further details will have to come from the police. Thank you very much. Detective, can you comment? Unlike Mr. Hoffman, I don't conduct my business in front of the cameras. If and when we have any evidence... ...concerning this woman's involvement in the murder... ...you'll be informed in the appropriate forum. Counselor? I wouldn't be filing that motion any time soon. I questioned this Gerges woman myself. She doesn't know what planet she's on. Does that mean you've eliminated her as a suspect? As far as I'm concerned, she never was a suspect. You don't want to ignore the fact that she confessed to Jessica's murder. She also said she was carrying Neil's baby. How does that stack up? As for the confession, we went over that. She said it was a metaphor. There was nothing metaphoric about that gun she was waving around my office. You mean the unloaded gun? That nets her a weapons charge. Not the rap for the murder your client did. But, hey, it made for a nice sound bite, didn't it? We're due in court, let's wrap this up. What's the consensus? Teddy, I understand your concern about her potential bias against men... ...but Julia Antonelli's background could cut two ways. Plus, our research turned up she's unmarried with a live-in boyfriend. Why does Grasso like her so much? Could be an act, to make us think she does. My concern is she'll identify with the murder victim here... ...and vent her rage at Neil... ...for the injustices she sees done to women every day. Well, the question is... ...do we want to spend a peremptory at this stage of the game? How do you feel about her, Neil? My vote would be to keep her. Out of everyone we've seen so far... ...she's the only one who's made eye contact with me. You sure she's not just getting a good look at the enemy? I don't think so. Teddy, there's a lot I don't know about, but I know women. And I'm getting a good hit from this one. It's your jury, Neil. If you feel there's a line of communication, we need to trust that. Have we dug up anything to cause us to rethink seating the cop? Believe me, Wayne Cormier is someone you want on this jury. With him, this girl and Patrick McQuen on board,... ...we may have the nucleus of a panel we can work with. Let's hope so. But as long as Miriam Grasso can draw breath... ...and has a peremptory in her pocket... ...don't fall in love with any of these people. Do you understand the presumption of innocence only applies... ...until I present evidence... ...that shows the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt? Yes. Do you think you're capable, if the evidence so indicates... ...of delivering a verdict of guilty? Yes, I do. And what if you were to hear evidence in this case... ...that the victim was sexually promiscuous? Would that make you think that she might have had at least... ...something to do with what happened to her? As divine retribution or something? No way. The person that killed that girl is the only one responsible. Thank you, Miss Antonelli. Nothing further. Counsel? No questions and no challenge, Your Honor. With the court's permission, I have a few more questions for Mr. Cormier. Mr. Cormier, you took an early retirement in June of 1992... ...after 12 years with the L.A.P.D., is that correct? -Yes. -Were you compelled to retire because... -...of an injury you sustained on duty? -Yes. Describe it and the circumstances under which it occurred. The patrol car that I was driving was rear-ended by a suspect's vehicle... ...running from a crime scene. I suffered a neck injury due to whiplash. Did your injury entitle you to any sort of... ...disability payments from the department? -Yes. Objection, Your Honor. I fail to see the relevance of this line of questioning. Overruled. How did you feel about that decision? I disagreed with it. Would it be accurate to say you were angry about that decision? At the time, I was angry. But life goes on. Well, notwithstanding that life does go on... ...can you objectively evaluate the testimony of police officers in this trial? Whatever my opinion of the bean counters downtown... ...l would never take it out on the guys on the job. You were on the job with a former detective by the name of David Blalock. That's right. Are you aware that Mr. Blalock is a former employee of defense counsel? I guess I read that in Davy's obituary. Approach. Move to challenge for cause. His animus for the police department coupled with a personal relationship... ...with a man that investigated the case. -Now deceased. -An unfortunate incident... ...that could only make Mr. Cormier more sympathetic... ...towards the defendant. Your Honor, under the circumstances... ...it's impossible for this man to be fair-minded. Miss Grasso can draw whatever inference she cares to. Nothing I've heard this man say demonstrates bias. Sir, were you a friend of Mr. Blalock? We knew each other... ...but we weren't close, no. When was the last time you spoke to him? A year ago, maybe. Challenge for cause denied. Your Honor, the people wish to thank and excuse Mr. Cormier. Mr. Cormier, you're excused. I didn't see that coming. This is why Miriam's a nightmare in pumps. Teddy? -I'll catch up with you. -What's up, Ray? -Holly Gerges died in custody. How did it happen? A guard came down to serve Iunch around 12 noon. Found her alone in the cell... ...no sign of struggle. not a mark on her. Couldn't find a pulse. They got her to the infirmary and pronounced her. Cause of death hasn't been determined. but it doesn't look like a homicide. What are the actuarials of a woman in her 30s dropping dead on cue? What are the actuarials of a woman in her 30s dropping dead on cue? If it was a hit, it was pretty sophisticated. Richard Cross is a pretty sophisticated guy. Hi, Teddy. -Richard. -So... ...l heard about that girl who was stalking Neil. What happened? Foul play has been ruled out for the moment, pending results of the autopsy. Well, at least she's out of her misery. And certainly, Neil's fortunes soar with her passing. I'm not sure I understand what you mean, Richard. Well, even with this woman's confession, you and I both know... ...the police would not drop the charges against Neil without a fight. Number one, Polson wouldn't admit he's wrong twice in a row. Number two, Neil Avedon is a much sexier collar than some nobody. No. The police will be obligated to do everything possible... ...to debunk this Holly person's story... ...to keep them from looking like the idiots that they are. And with her out of the picture, that's not possible, is it? No. Her confession stands... ...unrefuted. You'll be pleased to know that Francesca and l... ...have concluded our divorce negotiations amicably. So all and all, I'd say... ...it's been a good day. For whom? Excuse me? Dragging Francesca's name through the mud... ...and mine and my wife's along with it... ...to save a couple of million dollars you'll never miss. Teddy, if you're implying that I started those awful rumors... ...about you and Francesca to gain some advantage. I'm not implying, Richard. I'm stating the facts as I understand them to be. Look, Teddy. I understand you're under a lot of pressure just now. I know what you did, Richard... ...even if I'll never be able to prove it. Just as I know you were involved in this girl's murder... ...and Dave Blalock's... ...and Jessica Costello's. Blow all the smoke you want. I see through it. I see through the alibis, the surrogates... ...the veils of lies and deception... ...to the sickness at the core of your being. I'm going to leave now, before any more hurtful things are said... I'm going to leave now, before any more hurtful things are said... ...that might make it that much harder to mend fences later on. Good night, my friend. There's a news crew in reception. I'll be right there. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 