Murder One: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e3 - Chapter Three - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 3 - Chapter Three - full transcript 
 Jessica's diary is turned over to Hoffman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MRS. NICHOLS: I have information Richard Cross is innocent. I was with him last Wednesday night when he went to that girl's apartment. Her eyes were wide open, Iooking straight at us. lnteresting. Mr. Cross used those words exactly. ln light of Mrs. Nichols coming forward with this, we're dismissing the charges. I was confident my innocence would be proven. The cops came to my house and said I was under arrest for killing Jessica. I cannot represent you. I swear to God I didn't kill her. You gotta believe me. I cannot deprive Neil Avedon of the best representation available. My obligation as his attorney would require me... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...to use every bit of information I know to suggest you as the murderer. We're gonna represent this kid. We turn now to the "Goldilocks murder"... ...for which TV and film star Neil Avedon has been arrested by L.A. police. The sex slaying of 15-year-old Jessica Costello... ...has riveted the city of Los Angeles and viewers across America. Last week. philanthropist Richard Cross was arrested for the Costello murder... ...and later released when an alibi witness came forward... ...who placed Cross elsewhere at the time of the crime's commission. And in what can be characterized as an unconventional development... ...defense attorney Ted Hoffman. who had represented Cross... ...is now representing Avedon. Let's go now. live. to the arraignment of Neil Avedon. just getting under way. People v. Neil Avedon. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good morning. Miriam Grasso and Mark Washington for the people. Theodore Hoffman and Lisa Gillespie for Mr. Avedon. Read the charges. Ms. Grasso. Neil Avedon... ...you are charged with one count of murder in the first degree... ...a violation of California Penal Code Section 187... ...for the death of Jessica Costello. Do you wish the complaint to be read in full? ...for the death of Jessica Costello. Do you wish the complaint to be read in full? We'll waive reading and enter a plea of not guilty... ...to the charge of murder in the first degree. I'd also like to be heard on the issue of bail. Ms. Grasso, are people seeking the death penalty? The people haven't decided yet, Your Honor. But we would oppose bail for Mr. Avedon under any circumstances... ...since we consider him a flight risk and dangerous. Nothing in Mr. Avedon's past remotely suggests that he's a threat to society. Mr. Hoffman, what about flight risk? Neil Avedon is known around the world through reruns of his TV show. His first major motion picture is coming out any week now. Do the people really think he's going to hide? Duly impressed as the people are with Mr. Avedon's recognizable profile... ...l can still imagine him on a private jet to a distant island... ...the moment bond is posted. All right. I don't find Mr. Avedon's being in the girl's apartment... ...or their having intimate relations proves he's a menace to society. And while I agree with the people that Mr. Avedon might be able to run... ...l don't think he'll be able to hide. So bail is granted in the amount of $10 million. Your Honor, that's tantamount to not granting bail at all. And it's conditional... ...upon Mr. Avedon spending 30 days... ...in a court-approved rehabilitative facility for drug and alcohol abuse. Remand the defendant into custody, and court is recessed. Lisa's drafting a motion for bail reduction right now. Gary Blondo's our only hope. Call him, Teddy. Neil, the studio's gonna stay 10 miles away from you. I gotta get out of here! You can't let me stay in here. Calm down. ls Dr. Lester here yet? -He's outside. -Well, can he give me something? Not without court approval. I'm not gonna make it, man. Neil, you're gonna be all right. -You can do this. -No, I can't. If I have to stay in here, I'm gonna die. -Morning, Lila. -Morning, Mr. Hoffman. Your coffee and your calls. Young Mr. Schneider awaits you in the Iaw library. You might want to greet him. Thanks. These can wait. Ask Dave to see me in my office. And tell Docknovich I wanna see him in 10 minutes. -Who's Schneider? -Sydney. Bill and Sylvia's son. USC second-year law. Three-month internship. -Oh. -Ah. -Sydney. Welcome. -Mr. Hoffman. Thanks. It's great. Wow, look at this. -How are your parents? -Great. They said to say hi. -How are your parents? -Great. They said to say hi. And I wanted to say, just, you know, what an honor it is to be here... ...and I'm really, like, honored. -Well, Louis will get you squared away. -Great. And thanks again for giving me this tremendous opportunity. I'm honored. My pleasure, Sydney. And my door is always open. Thank you, Mr. Hoffman. Give me two minutes, Sydney, and I'm yours. -How'd it go? -The motion to reduce is filed... ...and the clerk scheduled our hearing for Thursday at 1 :30. Try to advance the motion to the morning we're in court... -...to counter the prelim. Oh, right. -Lisa. -Yeah? I'm thinking of Chris Docknovich for second chair on the Avedon case. You gonna have a problem with that? Female jurors may resent me sitting next to Neil for an entire trial. Chris will read more like his big brother. -It makes sense. -I agree. And I appreciate your team spirit. No problem. Besides, Arnold will be thrilled I can start to pull my weight on the Galbraith case. How's it going? Prosecution rested yesterday. Arnold spoke to them, and they have no interest in a deal... ...so we start right after lunch. -Go get them. -Yes, sir. -ls Dave around? -ln your office. What do we know about Cross that could help Neil? Nothing you're not aware of. He's a player, he likes his drugs, likes his women. So far as I know, he likes them over voting age. Besides, the guy would have to be creepier than he already is... ...to seduce his mistress' baby sister right under her nose. What about the Nichols woman and her husband? Beverly and Jake. Couple of the year. I haven't been able to find any holes in her story. Neil swears she wasn't with Cross the night of the murder. Neil wouldn't know if he was on Mars that night. I'd be curious if there'd been any contact between Beverly and Graham Lester. And let's keep tabs on Beverly's husband. He's an actor. And let's keep tabs on Beverly's husband. He's an actor. If Cross is paying them off, 10-1 he shows up... ...starring in some cheesy B movie for Gary Blondo. Ted, you wanted to see me? You're second chair. I've told Lisa. She's fine with it. Great. Her Highness, line three. She wishes a command performance. Miriam. What time? ls 12:30 too soon? We're on our way. How did you get the clients whose funds you managed? Referrals from other clients. Satisfied clients who sent family and friends to you to manage their money? Before my judgment was impaired by my illness... ... I was considered extremely successful by any standard. ln fiscal 1990, my clients received a 34-percent return on their investments. And that was during a recession. ln 1994, did you discover you had an addiction to gambling? -Yes. How did you become aware of this? I had begun putting money into things... ...not so much for their merit as investments... ...but for the action. Greater amounts, greater risk. I began losing larger and larger sums, then chasing the losses. Things got out of hand. As your situation deteriorated, did you begin betting clients' money on horses? Yes, to pay them back for money I had Iost in other high-risk transactions. Were there times when you won at the track and could repay those losses? Yes, but as I later found out in treatment... ...the disease is a progressive one. I started losing at the track too. Eventually, everything was gone. Mr. Galbraith, you're alleged to have embezzled $4.7 million from your clients. At any time, did you divert funds to your personal use? Never. I made unsound fiscal decisions. I conducted my business in an unprofessional manner... ...which I deeply regret. But I never took a dime from these people for myself. And are you currently undergoing treatment for your illness? I see a psychotherapist regularly... ...and I attend a twelve-step program four times a week. -Making progress in your recovery? -Objection. His progress isn't relevant. -Overruled. -I haven't gambled in over a year. And I feel that my judgment and reason have been restored. Recently, I've received a job offer from a well-regarded investment fund. I'm hopeful, with God's grace and the help of Gamblers Anonymous... ...I'll be able to make amends to the people I've injured... ...by paying restitution for the suffering I've caused. Nothing further. Good thing your boy found God. He's gonna need someone to listen to his prayers where he's going. Are you aware, sir, that the median age of your clients is 67 years old? I knew they tended to be older. Did you target older people because they're less independent... -...and more vulnerable to fraud? -Absolutely not. Older people generally have more money available to invest... ...so they have a greater use for the services of an investment professional. Do you know any other professional who invests client funds... ...in races at Hollywood Park? I tried to protect my clients... ...from losses I'd sustained in the options market. lt wasn't the right thing to do... ...but in the later stages of addiction... ...you do what you can to keep things afloat. Did you gamble your clients' funds in Vegas to keep things afloat? Only at the very end. I was trying to recoup my losses at the track. lt was this trip that wiped out the finances of Sam Carter... ...causing his wife's fatal heart attack, wasn't it? Objection. Calls for speculation, and it's prejudicial under 352. Counselor, you can do better than that. Sustained on all counts. When you were in Las Vegas, did you stay in a $2500-a-night penthouse... ...bigger than most of your clients' homes? lt was comped, but I was mostly in the casino. I was probably only in that room Iong enough to shower. And were you also feted during your stay in Las Vegas with champagne... -...and expensive meals? -The hotels do that for high rollers. But understand, none of that stuff mattered to me. But understand, none of that stuff mattered to me. All I was looking for was a win big enough to make things right. The devil made you do it. ls that what you want the jury to believe? Because then you win big here in this courtroom. Withdrawn. Nothing further. I've been begging to have this door fixed for months. Never work for the government, fellas. It's thankless. I'm sure it has its perks, Miriam. I appreciate you coming over. Have I formally introduced you guys to Mark Washington? Good to meet you. -I've seen you around. -Good to meet you. -I don't want to embarrass Mark... ...but we consider him one of the brightest recruits in some years. Avedon. Avedon.... Here it is. Dead girl, found nude... ...evidence of drugs, semen linking your young man.... Who, I might add, my nieces adore. They wouldn't dream of missing one of his shows. Client's got quite a future. Have we discussed the issue of rape? Unlawful sex, maybe, but not rape. Which knocks out special circumstances. But something tells me you'd like to do that anyway. You know me, Teddy, I work for the state. This file goes away, another one comes down the pike. It's all the same to me. But my boss, on the other hand.... Your boss has a bloody nose. Police brought him evidence against Avedon he couldn't ignore. But I don't know, you know, prosecuting a popular kid like Neil... ...high-profile case this close to an election... ...facing Ted Hoffman again... ...in this town? There could be other options. Drop the charges against my client, square it with Polson down the road. Try this. Drugs were involved, experimental sex. It's possible there was no intent, no premeditation. Things just got out of hand. I can't possibly divine what's in my boss' head. But involuntary man sounds in the ballpark. You're talking plea bargain, and my client says he didn't commit the crime. Miriam, you insult me. Come on, Teddy. He's a young kid. Do him good to stay put for a while, take stock of his life. Except he's innocent. -Now you insult me. -The last thing I'd ever want or intend. We'd better leave before I do you any more emotional damage. See you in court, fellas. I realize she brought us in to see if we believe in our guy... ...but I think Grasso actually wanted to deal. Not on your life. -I think she realizes her case is shaky. I honestly believe she's scared. Her boss is scared. He's got a political career. Miriam Grasso's a lifer. She doesn't have anything else but this job. If you think that sweet, helpful lady was trying to sell the deal... ...her boss was floating, I haven't taught you anything. This is war, and Miriam lives for it. She wants Avedon for murder one, and she thinks she can get him. If we had dealt in there, she'd never have forgiven me. Going over the crime scene. I'm into a motion for discovery on the forensics. Blood, fiber, hair above and below the waist. We're going with Kinkaid's outfit in Westwood for the lab on fiber? Worked out on the Anselmo case. Sorry to interrupt. Richard Cross is here with Julie Costello. I've installed them in your office. Can I get you something to drink, Julie? A glass of water? No, I'm fine. Richard? -No. So, what can I do for you? Julie found her sister's diary today. -How'd the police miss it? -My car was being detailed... ...while I was out of town. Julie went into the trunk to change a CD. She found the diary, she phoned me, very upset. She brought it to me. I couldn't believe the things that were in it. Jessica writes about her experience with sex and drugs... ...at a level... ...of depravity that.... Well, all I can say is, I was shocked and heartbroken. We both were. My first thought was... ...you should see this. Of course I made copies for safekeeping. How could I have missed it? She lived with me. Julie, we've been over this. Don't blame yourself. I haven't been much of a role model. These appear to be men of some social prominence. They're all in your Rolodex, Teddy. Every one of them. Agents, studio guys, political types. There's a passage in there, "with GB in his gold Range Rover." Gary Blondo, am I right? Drugs on every page. Why didn't you take it to the police? -I don't trust the police. -Honey, this is just upsetting you. Let me talk to Ted alone, okay? Come on. Louis will get you some tea or whatever you'd like. I'll meet you outside, okay? Teddy, I'm not a lawyer... ...but doesn't this cast reasonable doubt for Neil? One could make that argument. For all we know, Jessica planned on blackmailing one of these men... ...none of whom could afford to have these revelations made public. That's a pretty powerful motive. As I said, an argument could be made. As I said, an argument could be made. The diary would have to be admitted into evidence first-- Which would create reasonable doubt for Neil. But it cuts both ways. The diary could also hurt him. Unless of course you submit it to the court under seal. Are you also a doctor, Richard? Because I got a slipped disc that's killing me. All right, all right. So I'm meddling. But, Teddy, when I see Neil behind bars... ...l know that this kid is innocent. And with this diary, I know you have a winnable case. I would not have put up his bail otherwise. Excuse me? I put up the million for his bond. My people are working on it right now. He should be out by.... Well, after dinner. You know what's nice, Richard? The interest that you take in these young people. Jessica, Neil, Julie. I don't want to keep Julie waiting. Thank you, Teddy. Chris, we're going to County. Richard Cross just put up bond. And he wanted to see your face when he told you. He also brought a gift, Jessica Costello's diary. Ten copies, Justine. Break it down for everyone. Authenticate this so we know if these are a girl's fantasies... ...or something we can use. There's some interesting initials in there. Rattle some cages. When Mr. Galbraith became your psychiatric patient... ...did you diagnose him as a pathological gambler? Yes. The typical course of the pathology proceeds through four distinct phases. Mr. Galbraith was a phase three. Could you describe these phases for the court? The winning phase, the losing phase... ...the desperation phase and giving up. So Mr. Galbraith was in the desperation phase. Right. That's when the patient crosses the line... ...doing things that would've been previously unimaginable... ...such as stealing, writing bad checks and other such illegal activities. ls a phase three pathological gambler cognizant of wrongdoing? Varies. Generally, the patient believes he is one winning streak away... ...from solving his problems. He views an event such as theft, for example... ...as a short-term loan which he has every intention of repaying. Dr. O'Conner, do you recognize this transaction ledger? -Yes, it belongs to Mr. Galbraith. -I'd like to enter this as Exhibit C. -So entered. -Doctor, when did you see this ledger? Mr. Galbraith brought it to one of our initial therapy sessions. And what is its significance? O'CONNER: It's very nearly diagnostic for the nonvolitional gambler. These people usually keep meticulous records of their losses... ...in anticipation of repaying them with future winnings. -What's his prognosis for recovery? O'CONNER: Excellent. His positive outlook, education and work ethic... ...predispose him toward complete rehabilitation. It's also worth noting, Mr. Galbraith has a brilliant financial mind. If he's allowed to take the job opportunity he's been offered... ...l have no doubt he would eventually be able to make restitution... ...which is therapeutic in itself. Your witness. ls it your testimony, doctor, that Mr. Galbraith... ...had no control over his actions? When a person is nonvolitional, it means he doesn't have the capacity to choose. Didn't he choose to drive five hours to Las Vegas? Didn't he make a choice to gamble away $100,OOO that didn't belong to him? Clinically speaking, he did not choose. He was driven by his compulsion. How much do you charge for an hour of therapy? One hundred and ninety-five dollars. According to Mr. Galbraith's financial statement, he's destitute. How can he afford your services? Mr. Galbraith's account is over $30,OOO in arrears. So if he's convicted, you'd be unable to recover that money, wouldn't you? If I thought Mr. Galbraith was a healthy, fully functional individual... ...l would have begun collection proceedings against him a long time ago. But given his remarkable progress, I'm confident... ...he will make a complete recovery and I'll be paid in full. ln that unlikely event, would you let him manage those funds? Objection. Argumentative. Withdrawn. No further questions. REPORTER 1 : Neil, is it true you and Jessica were engaged? Totally false. Please give us room. REPORTER 2: Did Neil sign a confession when he was arrested? -Patently 1 OO-percent untrue. REPORTER 3: How'd they treat you in jail? Mr. Avedon would like to thank the sheriff's department... -...for his fair treatment. -Australia loves you. Do you have anything to say to your fans? Uh, all I can say is that it's great to be out. I'd like to thank everyone for your support. We have faith that our system of justice will bear out... ...Mr. Avedon's total, complete innocence. Thank you very much. One more question. Um.... Aren't we going back to Dr. Lester's? We've made arrangements with a very good rehab center in Pasadena. I have great confidence in them. Well, can Dr. Lester work out of there? I mean, you know, can he...? Can he oversee me? I'm not sure Graham Lester has your best interests at heart, Neil. He's my shrink. He knows me. -He also knows Richard Cross. -So? Neil, we aren't sure why Cross put up your bail... ...and we don't know the extent of his connection to Lester. I'd like to limit the imponderables. All right, wait a minute. I know you guys are looking out for me, okay? But Graham Lester's the one who's been keeping me in one piece. All due respect, you're still addicted to drugs and alcohol. -I'm not impressed with his work. -No, I failed, Ted. Okay? Me, not him. Maybe you don't know what it's like going to a shrink, okay? But it takes time. It takes time to get to know each other and to have trust. Oh, man. I'm in for the fight of my life. I can't take all that to a stranger. I can't start over now. Teddy, please. Please. It's okay, Neil. We'll give Lester another shot. Let's head back out to Santa Monica. I left my daughter at breakfast. This better be good. Your client, Neil Avedon, he's pounding at my door at 2 a.m. Last night. He wakes my wife, he scares my kids, he sets off the alarm. I grab my handgun. I nearly blew his head off! -You're sure it was Neil? -Twenty minutes... ...I'm trying to calm him down. I'm telling you, he's crazy. Be more specific, Gary. What happened? He asked about Jessica Costello. Did I do Jessica Costello? Is he crazy? A 15-year-old girl, for God's sake! With my wife right upstairs. She has ears like a bat, he's asking me this. And how did you answer him? Come on. I admit to liking the women. Women, not children. I understand from some quarters that the Costello girl looked... ...mature for her age. I wouldn't know. I never met her. I see. And you have no idea why Neil came to you... -...with these baseless questions? -Other than he's nuts? Between you and me, I'd have gone straight to the police on this. But it so happens my studio is about to release a 70-million picture... ...starring Neil Avedon, and I didn't think that plan would help the grosses. You made a wise choice. I'll speak to my client. Please, I don't want him near my family again. You won't have any more trouble with him. You have my word. Good morning, Mr. Hoffman. Louis, if anybody wants me, I'll be at Graham Lester's. Mr. Hoffman. Nice to see you again. Can I credit you with baseline competence? Do you know Neil was off-grounds Last night? I do, and I've taken steps to prevent a recurrence. On the other hand, this is not a prison. This is a care facility. -With no lockdown. -That's correct. My God. The continent tilts. Every quack with a diploma rolls out here and gets an ocean view. On the off chance that you're myopic, Mr. Hoffman, let me acquaint you... ...with my wall hangings. I am certified by both the American Colleges... ...of Internal Medicine and of Psychiatry. I'm a clinical professor at the University of-- And I can name five popes who killed people. Neil's first field trip is to Gary Blondo's at 2 a.m. What riled him, doctor? Anything Neil and I may have discussed is privileged information. You told him about Jessica's diary. Richard Cross told you, you laid it out for Neil. -You're delusional. -Richard Cross to you to Neil. You know, there's a clinical name for this level of paranoia. Yeah? Well, we're both lucky that Neil harassed a man... Yeah? Well, we're both lucky that Neil harassed a man... ...who can't afford to go to the police, or he'd be back in jail right now. Hey, Teddy. -Drop back in to refuel? I'm sorry. I screwed up. The good news is that Neil came to me this morning... ...and told me he'd gone out last night. And that would be what, progress? I didn't do any drugs. I'm clean. I just couldn't sit in my room... -...while someone accuses me of murder. -You hired me to deal with that. And this kind of stuff does not make my job easy, Neil, at all. We've been discussing these very issues. Trust. Knowing when you have an ally, letting them do their job. You got away with this one, Neil. lt happens again, they throw away the key. I'll be good. I swear. I called this meeting to hear more about... ...this job offer your client's received. The Hamilton Pierpont Group, a reputable investment house... ...has offered Mr. Galbraith a position and salary of $300,OOO per year... ...900/o of which he will pay as restitution to his victims. This predator working in an investment house? Maybe a convicted rapist should do time counseling girls at a sleep-away camp. Mr. Galbraith will not be handling funds... ...or be directly involved in the transaction side. His sole function will be as a market analyst. The important thing is that he'll be able to pay these people something. I spoke to the CEO of Hamilton Pierpont this morning. They're so eager to have Mr. Galbraith on board... ...they'll match his payments dollar for dollar. Your Honor, do we forget that a serious crime's been committed here? No. But in our zeal to see that this crime doesn't go unpunished... ...l don't want the victims to be punished any more than they already have been. Now, let's see if you can't work out a plea here that will benefit everyone. No deal, Julio. We don't think you've made your case, and our client... ...has made a very real show of contrition... ...that will weigh heavily with the jury. You know what the jury's gonna think? From what... ...examining the entrails of pigeons? I might be able to get you five. But I'll have to go to Grasso. Who knows if he'll still have a job in five years? I'm not as confident about this job as you are. How do I know he won't slip and gamble away the restitution? I think we'd accept some conditions to probation. I don't want to hear that word again, Arnold. He's gotta do time. It's hard to believe. 15 years old, over 20 men, and that's just L.A. When I was her age, I was still trying to get my hand... ...under Tina Gluckstern's bra strap. You ever succeed? The red tabs are Neil? Over a dozen sexual encounters with Jessica. Explaining that away won't be easy. The good news is that there's nothing kinky or coerced. Grasso's gonna argue that this thing is hearsay. Grasso may never see it. But we have to submit this to the other side. Reciprocal discovery. We only have to submit it if we use it as evidence. And I'm not sure I want to or can. If we can authenticate the diary, that... ...and the sister's affidavit should admit it. This is gonna hurt Neil. He's in there. But so are a slew of other men who had a lot more motive to kill her. That's reasonable doubt, Ted. Either of you notice the only two guys mentioned... ...with whom young Jessica didn't have sex? -Richard Cross. -And Graham Lester. Well, they're either saints, homos, or something's out of whack. Well, they're not saints. I don't want to let this thing out till we understand exactly what's going on. Joyce Levine called me. She said every married man on the west side is in a panic... ...over a diary Jessica Costello kept. I thought you didn't wanna talk about this. I don't. But everybody else wants to talk about nothing else but. All I can tell you about this diary is that if it authenticates, and I think it will... ...there'll be a lot of sweaty palms on the west side. Good. They deserve it. They may deserve it, but Neil's the one charged with murder. Under the circumstances, I'm having a hard time sympathizing with him. Dave Blalock always says, "lf you leave a guilty suspect... ...alone in an interrogation room, he falls asleep. But if he's innocent, he bounces off the walls." Neil Avedon is bouncing off the walls. Maybe he's bouncing off the walls because... ...he's a drunk and a cokehead. Meaning you don't buy the theory. Here's my theory, Ted. lt doesn't matter if it was Neil Avedon who killed that girl or Richard Cross... ...or Frosty the Snowman. She was a 15-year-old child. They plied her with drugs in return for sex. And when I talk about it, it makes me so angry... ...l want to kill every single one of them. -I understand. -No, you don't, and don't patronize me. I'm not. I just don't like coming home and getting lectured sideways... ...on why I shouldn't be representing Neil. That's not what I'm saying. Maybe not in so many words, but that's what you mean. Ted, try to think for a minute like a parent instead of a lawyer. Avedon's your worst nightmare. He's sexy, he's compelling, and every young girl under the age of 25... ...including your daughter, thinks he's just a cute bad boy they can mother. No one wants to admit... ...he's a drug-addicted sociopath capable of murder. So if you want to represent him, be my guest. But don't try and sell me the party line that he's some poor... ...misunderstood kid who never got a break. Because as far as I'm concerned, he's guilty of murder... ...whether he actually strangled her or not. The idea of probation is absolutely offensive. You'll get your turn, Mr. Salazar. Let him finish. Mr. Galbraith will agree to a monitored house arrest when not working... ...and would wear an electronic transmitter. What kind of a message does this send? After what he has done, he should be made an example of as a deterrent. The people oppose anything less than two years. Let's leave the people out of this for the moment, Mr. Salazar. Try to put yourself 30 years down the road... ...to a time when your yuppie income stream has shriveled up... ...along with every other part of your body. Now, if you meditate on those realities, I think the people... ...will see the wisdom of a sentence like the one Mr. Spivak proposes. Again, I can't thank you enough. And not only will I pay what I owe the firm ASAP... ...which you've been very patient about, by the way... ...l don't want you to be shy about coming to me for financial advice... ...free of charge. If you get in on the ground floor of these opportunities-- I brought this with me every day, thinking if justice was not done... -...in that courtroom... -Oh, my God. ...I'd handle it myself. Well, justice was not done. You don't want to do this. -Give me the gun. MR. CARTER: Get away! You stole everything we had. My wife... ...was so scared of being old and not able to pay her way... ...it killed her! What's the price you have to pay for that? Not being able to go out to restaurants for a while. -Mr. Carter, please-- -I've heard enough words... ...from you, from your lawyers! When you look back, do you think you'll be proud of what you did in that court? Making yourselves a little richer... ...by helping this kind of man get away with what he did... ...and calling it justice? There was a time when you were judged by the way you lived... ...and not by the words you could string together. But none of you would understand that. That's why I'm not gonna blow your head off. You're not worth ruining the good name it took me a lifetime to earn. Shame on all of you. -Louis? -A Melissa, no last name. -Louis? -A Melissa, no last name. She was sitting there when I got back. I don't know how she got in, but she says she isn't moving, so I'm not. Miss, is there any reason why you didn't set an appointment like everyone else? I was afraid that you wouldn't see me. I may not. Why are you here? Neil Avedon. I know something about his case. But I can't get in to see him. Thanks, Louis, I'll buzz you if I need anything. I'll need your last name and some background... ... before I can put you on any visitor's list at the jail. Melissa Griotte. Neil will know me. We're... ...friends. Friends of what nature, Melissa? Anything you say to him you can say to me. We sleep together. Nothing monogamous, but we.... We matter to each other. We kind of go in phases. All week, I've been watching what they're saying about him on the news. The murder, the violent nature. And I can't ignore it anymore. -lgnore what? -This girl. This... ...Jessica Costello. She was strangled to death, right? -That's correct. -Well, he tried to strangle me too... ...in bed. He said it would lead to a.... I'm embarrassed. To a better orgasm. lt happened more than once. And I'm to take your word based on... And I'm to take your word based on... ...your profound friendship with Mr. Avedon, is that it? Or you could look at this. The last time we were together. Neil Avedon strangling me. Do you make a practice of filming yourself having sexual intercourse? Neil insisted. Look, I have gone through a lot of emotional trauma... ...over what he's made me do and done to me. Pain and suffering, I imagine. I've had to consult a few doctors. My sympathies. I suggest you take this tape directly to the police. Excuse me? For 100,OOO, I can lose this. Videos can be doctored. Watch the tape, Mr. Hoffman, and then you tell me that. Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm. Mo. don't put your hand around my neck. It's too scary. I won't do it hard. Come on. trust me. It's okay. Neir, don't. -Don't. Shh. It's okay. Stop! Oh. yes. I'll save you the suspense. I survived. A hundred thousand puts this in your private collection. Twelve hours, then it goes on the block. I just don't like it. When I see contempt in an old man's eyes when he looks at me... ...l don't like feeling he's right. Arnold, we got our guy the best deal we could. Last I heard, that's why Hoffman pays us. I've gotta be careful about being so goal-oriented... ...that an old man with a broken heart... ...has to remind me that my actions have consequences. Would his heart have been any less broken if Galbraith... ...had ended up in a prison cell instead of an ankle bracelet? Lisa, do you acknowledge no remorse or ambivalence about what we did today? -I acknowledge some remorse, sure I do. -ls this going on much longer? Hi, Ted. Small postmortem on Galbraith. I heard about your shared ambivalence. -We got him a good deal, Ted. -I applaud the plea arrangement. It's the moral temperature-taking that isn't worth the light bill. Ted, I was simply saying I need to avoid tunnel vision. Don't get addicted to remorse. It's contemptible in a lawyer. The world does not revolve around you. Your behavior is not its moral center. Someday, someone may sit in judgment on this legal system and say... ...it could've been fairer or more compassionate... ...or more responsive to social need. Maybe it'll be me. But not while I'm a criminal defense lawyer. While I'm a lawyer, I'm gonna defend my clients, because it's the job I chose. And I choose to believe, which may be self-deceiving, that the only system... ...worse than this one is every other one I've ever studied. ...worse than this one is every other one I've ever studied. What I'm not gonna do is be a lawyer by day... ...and then scratch the scabs on my conscience by pretending to be... ...a moral pathfinder by night. I don't know if Galbraith got what's coming to him. If he didn't, maybe he'll get prostate cancer, and that'll even the score. I don't know if this kid I'm defending is guilty or innocent. And I don't need to know to do my job. That's all we are here to do. And if we do it right, that's enough. See, that's where I have a possible disagreement-- Make yourselves a promise. Every time you want to have one of these conversations... ...find a defendant who can't afford us. Work for him pro bono. That's electricity I don't mind paying for. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 