Murder One: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e9 - Chapter Nine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 9 - Chapter Nine - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julie Costello's a client again. She wrecked Cross' Rolls last night. She was charged with DUl, reckless driving, driving without a license. Justine, I want you to handle this one. The teenage girl says the man seen in the poor-quality video is Neil Avedon. This isn't a news bulletin, folks. I said earlier the tape was phony. Now maybe you'll believe me. -You talked to Connie Dahlgren. -She asked if I wanted to have a drink. The next thing I know, I'm not wearing pants. When Sydney Schneider gave me that tape, I mistakenly took it at face value. You're fired. -Why? You didn't learn from your mistake. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A Stephanie Lambert told one of the officers that... ...Lester had drugged and raped her on numerous occasions. That sick ceremony wasn't just some bad dream. That's a normal part... ...of therapy like he kept saying it was. Watching me, touching me, forcing himself on me. This is not an interview. This is Felicia Norell. This is a blue-chip opportunity for Neil to tell his side of the story. Isn't it possible you strangled her and you just don't remember? It's impossible for me not to remember something that's inconceivable I would... ...ever do to anyone, let alone a person I loved the way I loved Jessica. And wherever she is now... ...she knows the truth. This one's a real piece of work. She stumbles out of a club on Sunset... ...this morning, loaded. Patrol officer asks her if she's okay. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This little bitch cops an attitude, kicks the guy in the shin. Gets to the station and says she's Dee Dee Carson. We gave you a call. I appreciate it, Greg. Any chance of my taking her out of here? Hey, four years in a radio car together, it's the least I can do. Hey, are you a cop? Because they promised me a Coke. -I'm not a cop. -Yeah, and I'm a virgin. Well.... Well.... At least one of us is telling the truth. The name's Ray Velacek. I'm a private investigator for an attorney named Ted Hoffman. I didn't ask for a lawyer. All the same, they've released you to my custody. -What, no charges? -Nope. Well, what about the cop? The one that I kicked? He's found it in his heart to forgive you. I'm taking you out of here. Uh-huh. All right, you want it here or in the car? Come again? Payment in full. Just tell me how you want it. I don't. All I want you to do is talk to us. DEE DEE: Hollywood. The freaks just get weirder every day. We turn now to the Goldilocks murder case in Los Angeles. Most of the action was away from the courtroom as both sides... ...continue to prepare for jury selection. Defendant Neil Avedon's recent interview with Felicia Norell gives... ...the defense team. Led by attorney Ted Hoffman. some hope... ...that the film star's tattered public image is improving. The prosecution. meanwhile. continues to hammer away... ...at the gruesome details of the crime... ...determined to keep that image right where it is. ln a related matter. Julie Costello. older sister of the 15-year-old... ...murder victim. is scheduled to appear in court today... ...on charges of driving under the influence. I wouldn't mind driving under your influence, Dean. May I come in? Mr. Cross. You seemed engrossed. Didn't want to interrupt. That's okay. Please come in. Thank you. Do you know much about art? I was an art major in college. -Ah. I can't afford the paintings yet, so I buy the books. So I just came by to see where we are with Julie. Her Breathalyzer was under the legal limit. But the deputy DA wants to turn this into Chappaquiddick. I think her driving a Rolls had something to do with it. Tell that DA I'll buy her a Rolls. Just make this go away. We get this before a judge, I'm pretty sure I can. The pretrial is this afternoon. How about the civil case? The motorcyclist is making noise about calling... ...one of those lawyers with an 800 number. His compensatory damages barely top 5000. I think 7 will buy him. Greedy men are the most easily bought. Offer him 10. Consider it done. Excellent work, Justine. I can see why Teddy has such confidence in you. Let me ask you something. Does your boss ever let you out of the office for lunch? It's been known to happen. Good. Because I have something I'd like to discuss with you outside... ...your official duties with Hoffman and Associates. How about today at the Epicentre, 1 :OO? You care to give me some idea of the topic? Nope. Thank you, Louis. Ted, may I talk to you for a moment? -A problem? -It's somewhat of an urgent nature. A friend of mine, Stan Fletcher, we both belong to the same choral group... ...he was arrested yesterday afternoon at the library. Lewd conduct. What were the circumstances? I don't know all the details myself. He called me from jail in an absolute panic. Apparently, it involves another man in a bathroom stall. He has a wife and kids. They don't know. -Has he made bail? -Posted it this morning. He's afraid to go home. I brought him here. He's in the library as we speak. -Let me go talk to him. -I'm not asking for pro bono. -He can pay his way. -I'll bill him like any other client, Louis. Ted, do you have a second? What's up, Justine? I brought Richard Cross up to speed this morning on Julie Costello's DUl. We discussed a figure to put the civil case to bed, and he seemed pleased. -So, what's the problem? -I'm not sure there is a problem. But after we finished, he asked me to lunch. lt could be social, but I suspect an agenda. Richard Cross always has an agenda. Any insight into what it could be? l've known Richard 11 years, and I'm still guessing. A client wants to have lunch... ...have it. Mr. Fletcher. I'm Ted Hoffman. Let's go into my office. I'm a professor of literature at St. Benedict's. I was at the library putting some books... ...on reserve for some of my students. That's why I was there. I don't know what possessed me. I went to use the bathroom... ...and there he was, this striking young man. The kind you notice right away. God, this is very difficult. I don't want you to be uncomfortable, Mr. Fletcher, but I will need the facts. Yeah. lronic, isn't it? I can have sex with a stranger in a bathroom stall, but to talk about it... ...that's difficult. This young man, I knew why he was there. You see them in train stations and in bars. Always the same type. I asked him how much he wanted. He said $40. We went into the stall. I sat down on the seat. He stood up. You engaged in oral sex. I heard someone come in. There was banging at the door. Voices saying they were from security. After that, I really can't tell you what happened. My mind just went numb. Thank God Louis was able to get me out of jail. Have you ever been charged with this before? No. Never. I have never been arrested for anything. l've always been very discreet. Then worst case, you're guilty of a misdemeanor. With no criminal record, no judge will impose jail time. St. Benedict's is a Catholic college. My contract has a morals clause. If I appear in court on this, I could lose everything. Let me look into it, Mr. Fletcher. Why do we do the things that we do, Mr. Hoffman... ...when we know the consequences? I wish I knew, Mr. Fletcher. I'll have the sea bass, broiled, lemon, no oil. Tell Victor it's for Mr. Cross. Thank you. I'm on this Pritikin diet. Doctor's orders. Takes the fun out of everything. Somehow I can't picture Richard Cross living a life of denial. You're right. I cheat. So... ...I'm guessing you didn't invite me here to discuss your diet. I'll answer your question by asking you one. -What's your favorite fantasy? -Excuse me? ln your wildest dreams, where do you see yourself 10 years from now? Hoffman and Appleton, taking Antonio Banderas' call. -Really? -Wrong answer? No. It's just that I see you doing so much more... ...than being Ted Hoffman's junior partner. I mean, you're bright, you're very beautiful... ...and I think your dreams should be larger. How much larger? Justine, every lawyer that I know wants to be something else. Right now, being Ted Hoffman's partner might seem pretty big. But trust me, the day will come when you'll want more. Such as? Such as... ...a Hans Holbein is coming on the market in three months. Very rare. A European collector is liquidating... ...his entire collection of Renaissance masters. I'd like you to go to Amsterdam and negotiate the purchase. Me? -Why not? -For one thing, I have no experience. Wouldn't you be better off letting an art house handle this? No. I detest those people. Besides being snobs, they can't keep their mouths shut. Once people find out that I'm bidding, the price doubles. You know? I want a tough negotiator working for me and only me. I want you. Salary's negotiable. You'll have use of my private jet. Salary's negotiable. You'll have use of my private jet. And the Krasnapolsky hotel in Amsterdam is unbelievable. -I'll have to give this some thought. -Do. And I want Ted to be okay with this. I'll talk to him, make sure I'm not stepping out of bounds-- -Let me handle that. -Okay. Well, you think about it, and you get back to me with a figure, okay? Well, you think about it, and you get back to me with a figure, okay? -Have you ever been to Amsterdam? -No. It's a beautiful city, Justine. Beautiful. And Paris is just a jump away. Dan, I don't see why you have to file this case. This guy has a wife and kids. He's a first-time offender. He wandered into the wrong stall by mistake? The only mistake he made was giving in to his nature at an inappropriate time. Let me tell you about the nature of people who do this. They carry along a shopping bag. You know why? One of them stands in it... ...so when cops look under the door, they don't see two sets of feet. Was my client found with a bag? No. But the 15 year-old kid he was doing it with was. -Fifteen? -What's the matter, counsel? Didn't the good professor give you all the facts? His age notwithstanding, this was obviously a professional hustler. -His age makes it a felony. -Why are you doing this? Does ruining a man's life give you pleasure? Professor wants to get his jollies in the privacy of his home... ...l got no problem with it. But when he cruises the public library... ...where my son does his book report, I'm coming after him. Teddy! What brings you to enemy territory? Dan Morrison. He's playing hardball with a client of mine. I hope this doesn't come as a big surprise... ...but you're not man of the year here. Nice tie. Who's the client? Stan Fletcher. He's a professor at St. Benedict's. He was caught in a bathroom stall with a 15 year-old hustler. I could use some help. You know my policy. I don't overrule my deputies. Not without good cause. And you may have noticed... ...we take crimes against 15 year-olds pretty seriously around here. Could you at least look into it? There's a family situation. The things I do for you. Thanks, Miriam. I appreciate it. Toodles, Teddy! Your Honor, we request the court, on its own motion... ...dismiss this case due to insufficiency of the evidence. The law states that a person whose blood-alcohol is below the legal limit... ...can be considered under the influence if ability to operate a vehicle is affected. Given the defendant caused an accident and flunked her sobriety test... ...this is clearly the case here. J This is Ms. Costello's second DUl and she was driving without a license. Ms. Appleton? I can't help but think my client's involvement in a case featured... ...on every news program in this city is the reason these charges are being filed. Grandstanding should not be confused with sufficient cause. An accident occurred and nothing more. Ms. Costello's blood alcohol was .05, well below the legal limit. Her failure to renew her license was the result of grief... ...over the recent death of her sister. Ms. Dreyfuss' rush to celebrity may... ...blind her to these facts. I trust the court has clearer vision. How about it, Ms. Dreyfuss? Can we save some taxpayer money here? The people wish to proceed, Your Honor. This court is not inclined to reduce or dismiss this matter on its own motion. However, without more compelling evidence than you have right now... ...at trial I may grant a defense motion... ...under penal code section 11 18, throwing out your whole case. How will that play upstairs? Not well. Will the court give us time to work out a plea? The court will be delighted. Will Ms. Costello be testifying in the Neil Avedon case? -She's on an unrelated matter. -How does she feel about him? -Will Neil take the stand? Talk to Ted Hoffman about that. Justine, I caught your remarks to the press on television today. -I liked the way you handled yourself. -Thanks. How'd it go with Julie? The judge leaned on Dreyfuss. The case went away. Julie will get her license renewed, do a little traffic school. Good. And lunch with Richard Cross? A graduate course in hidden agendas. He wants me to fly to Amsterdam to buy some painting. He made a big show of wanting it to be all right with you. -It's not. Ted... ...l know this isn't about art, but I could be your inside guy. I continue to believe that Richard Cross had Dave Blalock killed. -I can't expose you to that risk. -I'm a big girl. And Davey Blalock was an experienced detective. Tell Richard you aren't interested. -Don't you think--? -I told you what I think. Good afternoon. Mr. Hoffman's office. Her Highness, line two. I'll take it in here. Miriam, thanks for getting back to me. That's ridiculous. The man gave in to momentary temptation. That makes him a human being, not a criminal. What I understand is that your politics are taking precedence... ...over Fletcher's family and career. Even assuming we win a trial, this will ruin him. Of course I appreciate the effort, Miriam. I just needed this one. -Ray Velacek's here. Send him in. And set something for Stan Fletcher. What I have to tell him shouldn't be over the phone. -Not good? No. I think I have someone you want to see. Diane "Dee Dee" Carson, a friend of Jessica's from the diary. How did you find her? Put the word out. Greg Bunt from Vice called. She was picked up by patrol on Sunset last night. Where is she? -Sitting in reception. Looking at the pictures in magazines. Ever go to Michigan in the winter? The snot freezes in your nose. I ran away from there when I was 14, came here. My parents didn't even file a missing persons. And then I started doing the clubs and crashing at friends. Party, party, party. -ls that how you met Jessica? -At a rave downtown. This guy I was with... ...he took one look at her and decided that we should do him together. We said no way. We said no way. He left with these two chicks from the Valley. Jerk. Yeah. lt was after that, that me and Jessica started hanging together. She was living with her sister... ...and they were fighting a lot. So she would come and crash at my place... ...a lot. -Where was this? -Some dump in Hollywood. I was turning tricks to pay the rent now and then... ...but Jessica liked to give it away. Actors, musicians, rock stars. Just as long as they were fine. That's how she met Neil. Did you ever meet Richard Cross? Yeah. That bald guy. I never did him, though. If I wanted to do a 40-year-old guy, I never would have left home. Dee Dee... ...we're trying to find the man who killed Jessica. I thought that Neil killed her. That's what they said on television. We don't think he killed her. We were hoping maybe... ...you could tell us if there was anyone else she was having problems with. There was a guy named Walter. Yeah, Walter London. He was this big record exec that Jessica knew. I met him at the Roxy. He got us in backstage. Tell me about him. -He's a psycho. How so? After the concert... ...we all got into his limo. There was supposed to be this big party in the hills. So we started driving. and he wants to see us do each other so he could get off. What is with the guys in this town? Anyway. we say no way. He starts to get kind of pushy. so Jessica goes. "You're a pig." And then he starts to grab at her. slapping her and all. So I'm screaming at the guy. and the limo driver's trying to pull over the car... ...when Walter tosses Jessica out of the car while it's still moving. Phew. We just took off. Jessica said that this wasn't the first time... ...that he'd gone off on her like that. Every time he got wasted, he'd go nuts. Anyone else come to mind? That might have killed Jessica? Uh-huh. No. No. I mean, her getting killed like that. That was so weird. I keep on thinking that I'm gonna run into her somewhere. You know. At some club. Thank you, Dee Dee. Do you have a place to stay? You need some money? You gonna give me money, I won't say no. That girl is eight years older than Lizzie. lt makes my skin crawl. What about this Walter London? Heard anything about him? Mentioned a couple times in the diary. Used to work for Envision Records. -Davey talked to him then moved on. -Find him. Rattle his cage good this time. Will Ms. Costello be testifying in the Avedon case? She's on an unrelated matter. How does she feel about him? Will Neil take the stand? ralk to red Hoffman-- Why would I wear that? -Look at my hair. -You look great. I look like I just walked through a wind tunnel. Well, from now on I wear a bag over my head. Ms. Appleton. just one more question. That was attorney Justine Appleton. of Hoffman and Associates... ...moments after the DA dismissed DUl charges against Julie Costello... ...a key figure in the Goldilocks murder case. -You really think he's cute? -Call me crazy. It's the red hair. --Meil Avedon. is charged with the murder of Costello's sister. Appleton. Dean. -Yes, of course I know who you are. -Dean Crowley? Well, that's very kind of you. Really? No, I've never.... Of course, I'd be interested. Today? No. No, no. That's no problem. I look forward to it too. See you then. He invited me to lunch to discuss becoming an analyst on LAW-TV. First Cross, now Crowley. What kind of scent are you putting out? -Um, Lisa, what am I going to wear? -You have it picked out, remember? The bag. Thank you for seeing me, Mr. London. What's this about? My name's Ray Velacek. I'm an investigator for Ted Hoffman. I already spoke to his office. I'm aware Dave Blalock spoke to you... ...but we've received new information... ...about your relationship with Jessica Costello. Like I told the other guy... ...l didn't have a relationship with her. Our sources say that you did. A girl by the name of Dee Dee Carson... ...said you tried to strangle Jessica after a concert. What the hell is this? You trying to pin this on someone? I'm not your dunkie! I'm trying to determine the truth of Ms. Carson's story. Listen to me! I knew those little bitches for about two seconds. I threw them out... ...because they tried to lift my wallet! Where were you the night she was killed? -Home. You? -Anyone who can confirm that? Ted Koppel. We had a very intimate discussion about Bosnia. You know what? I think you should get the hell out of here. We can compel your testimony by subpoena, Mr. London. If I didn't just have a heart attack, I'd compel your ass right out this window. Now walk. Morning, all. Morning. Morning. Morning, Your Honor. I understand both sides have had a chance... ...to look at the other's proposed jury questionnaire. -How close are we? -The people have some problems. As do we, judge. How did I know? All right. Let's thrash this out then go on the record with the reporter. Prosecution first. We have no problems with questions one through eight. Some of them... ...appear on our list too. However, we object to number nine. "ls it possible someone else could have committed the crime... ...with which Mr. Avedon is charged?" Loaded question, isn't it, counsel? This question is the heart of our case. A juror who answers no is, by definition, prejudging the facts. Try to convince them at trial. Don't present your argument during voir dire. I'm not. But a juror who already thinks Neil's the only one who could... ...do this isn't somebody we want. How about more neutral wording? Based on what you've seen and read, can you be impartial? That's like asking if they go to church. They say yes whether they do or not. Let me save time here by suggesting the following: Will you listen... ...to the arguments of both sides with an open mind before reaching a verdict? -That's fine, Your Honor. -See how easy this is? -Mr. Washington? -No problems with 1 O through 13. Fourteen gets sticky. "Have you, ever been to a psychotherapist?' Dr. Lester may testify in this case. We need to know preexisting attitudes. I'm concerned about issues of privacy here. Let me work on alternate wording. We'll come back to this. For now, let's push ahead. Jump down to 23, Your Honor. This one takes the prize. "Do you enjoy the films of Woody Allen?" We're looking for jurors who follow sophisticated argument. We think appreciation of Mr. Allen's films helps us to identify those people. Oh. Yeah. And the fact that Avedon had sex with a 15 year-old girl is a coincidence? -Mr. Allen was cleared in that case. Come on, Chris. The implication couldn't be clearer if you underlined it in marker. Gentlemen, I think this question not only crosses the line, it leaps over it. Let's continue. I enjoyed being a lawyer. lt was a big firm in New York City, but it got boring. I needed something more. This case I was working on, it got picked up by the networks. lt was a Wall Street guy who got mixed up in drugs... ...claimed the government entrapped him. Anyway, all of a sudden my face was all over television. lt was really incredible. The doorman in my building starts calling me "sir" all of a sudden. And I'm getting phone calls from guys I barely knew in college. That was when Fred lucker from LAW-TV called... ...said he wanted to audition me. -Must have been nerve-racking. -No. Surprisingly, it wasn't. It felt very natural. They hired me, made me an analyst. This case could do the same thing for you. I'm flattered, but the last time I saw myself on TV... ...l wanted to smash the screen in. My hair, my clothes, it was all wrong. Speaking personally, you look terrific. But hair and clothes, that's all externals. What's important is the ability to project beyond the camera. To establish a level of trust... -...in the audience. -Even if you're faking it? Every lawyer who's appeared in the courtroom is part actor. lt comes with the territory. But you've got exactly what we're looking for... lt comes with the territory. But you've got exactly what we're looking for... ...sexy intelligence. Really? Fred would make the final judgment, but assuming he's as sold on you as I am... ...you'd write and produce your own segments, do some field reporting... ...and continue working at Hoffman and Associates. I couldn't comment on the Avedon case. We wouldn't expect you to. I'll run it by Ted. When would you need to know? Whenever you're ready. What? How tall are you? Howard, good to see you again. Well, I wish it wasn't under these circumstances, Ted. Walter London is pretty upset. My associate, Chris Docknovich. -Pleased to meet you. Same. So, what's going on here, Ted? You send two investigators to see a client of mine, I start to worry. I didn't know he was represented. As you know, Howard, Avedon is my client in the Jessica Costello case. Walter had nothing to do with Jessica Costello's death. We determine that, we'll move on. Don't kid a kidder, Ted. You're casting around for reasonable doubt. Everyone knows Walter's reputation isn't exactly doily clean. The man lives a life, he has to face the consequences. I don't disagree. But let me explain something to you. Before Walter London's heart attack, he was a cold-blooded bastard. I mean, my own wife wouldn't entertain him in our home. He did coke. He screwed everything in a size six. Had a temper that went off like a Roman candle. It cost him his job at Envision. But since his heart attack, he's a changed man. If he's such a Boy Scout... ...why did he threaten to toss my investigator out a window? Hey, a journey of 1000 miles starts with a single step. I'm not saying he's Pope Walter. Would he be willing to come in and talk to us? I'll pass it by him. But what he wants is to be left alone. He gets anywhere near this Costello thing... ...and the Aries deal could blow up in our face. I'm not unsympathetic, Howard. But my client's life is on the line here. So's mine, Ted. You know the office he's in now? A kid he started in the business is letting him use it. That's how broke Walter is. This Aries deal's his last shot at the ring. Don't ruin my guy just to spray on the hydrant. There. I've said my piece. Ted, as always, a pleasure. -Nice to meet you. Good to meet you. You buy that? Best guess, Resnick's right. London had nothing to do with Jessica's death. But our job is to get Neil acquitted. Not find the killer. -I'll start the subpoena. Hold off. I don't want to tip Grasso to our strategy. Let's see if Resnick brings London in first. -He doesn't, we roll out the heavy artillery. -All right. Stan Fletcher's here. I have to take this. I swear on everything that I hold dear, I did not know the boy was 15 years old. I believe you. But unfortunately, none of that matters to the DA. So, what, now it's a felony? The age makes all the difference. I'm fairly confident we can keep you out of custody. But if you're convicted... ...you'll have to register as a sex offender. Oh, my God. -Do you need some water? No. No. This morning I was sitting... ...at my breakfast table Iooking at my wife and kids. I I I I kept thinking, What is this going to do to them?' My wife asked me why I wasn't finishing my eggs. How am I supposed to tell her, Mr. Hoffman? Your wife may be more understanding than you think. And we still have things we can do. Despite this boy's age, he's a known hustler. That can work in our favor. You make it sound like fixing a parking ticket. I'm not minimizing the consequences. Neither will St. Benedict's. I won't be able to get a job teaching night school. One step at a time, Mr. Fletcher. We have pretrial motions to make. Don't take all this on at once. But get prepared, right? That would be prudent. Stan? I understand what you're going through. But maybe in the light of day you'll see this was all for the best. God, Louis. Don't start singing Annie. I'm trying to say that this doesn't have to be the end of everything. lt can be a start too. My new life as an open gay? Is that where this is going? This doesn't have to be a choice between reading Popular Mechanics... ...and cruising Santa Monica Boulevard in black leather, Stan. You just have to decide who you are, then be that person. Louis, I started on my high school football team. I don't reach for a Kleenex every time I hear... ...Judy Garland sing "Over the Rainbow." I understand. I couldn't stay in the closet because I was never in it. But happy, sad or in-between, l've never had to live a lie. Why did I do this? If I'd only walked out of there. Then it would have happened next week, or next year. Stan, this isn't something you can run away from. Hoffman said there were motions we could make. I'm sure he'll do everything that he can. But I'm kidding myself, right? Sooner or later my secret will be out. -I have to tell Marsha. -I think she deserves that. Thank you, Louis, my good friend. Take care, Stan. -Ted? -Hi. I had lunch with Dean Crowley today. He wanted to talk about me becoming an analyst for LAW-TV. -I see. -This would only be part-time. So it wouldn't interfere with any of my responsibilities here. Well, you certainly have a lot to offer, Justine. You're bright, photogenic. If I were Mr. Crowley, I'd be after you too. But? I think you have to ask yourself, why is this offer coming now? Perhaps Dean Crowley sees the same qualities I saw when I first hired you. Or it could be because Richard Cross owns 20 percent... ...of LAW-TV's parent company. Richard's agendas are Machiavellian. I'm not sure I like someone in this firm... ...working for a company that's covering our biggest case. Even if you are assigned elsewhere. -Are you telling me I can't do this? -I'm asking you not to. Justine, I appreciate your frustration here. You wanted second chair, you're hitting your head against the ceiling. But you're a valued member of this firm. And you're gonna be a partner someday. Patience is difficult for ambitious people. But it pays richer rewards in the long run. I'll call Dean and let him know I can't do it. I won't forget that you did. Ted, come in. -I appreciate your taking another look. Any chance to do a favor for my favorite defense attorney. Sit down. I've asked Dan Morrison to join us. Hope you don't mind? Not at all. Counsel. So Miriam tells me you had quite a lively session in Judge Bornstein's chambers. -lt stopped short of bloodshed. Good. Anyway, uh, about this Fletcher case. Dan and I have talked it over... ...and while Dan felt very strongly about proceeding... ...we both think there's room for compromise. Professor Fletcher is a respected member of the community. He's expressed remorse over the incident. Neither one of us want to be overly punitive. What do you propose? We reduce it to contributing to the delinquency of a minor. A fine, probation, no jail time. No trial. Agreed? -Agreed. -There. Settled like men. Thanks, Dan. To what do I owe this turn of events? Nothing more than the respect and regard... Nothing more than the respect and regard... ...in which you are held by this office. Then I guess it's fair to say that I owe you one. I'm sure down the line there will be opportunities to balance the books. -Lila. -Afternoon, Mr. Hoffman. Mr. London is here for you. But you'd better find Louis first. l've been waiting for a half-hour. I apologize, Mr. London. You're gonna have to wait a moment more. What's wrong? Stan Fletcher killed himself. He said he was going home to tell his wife. Somewhere along the way, he must have lost his nerve. He jumped off an overpass on the 10 freeway. My God. Has the family been notified? All that's left is to tell them why. I ask myself what more I could have done. And all I can think is... ...what kind of world is it where it's more viable to kill yourself... ...than to be who you are? Would you like to take some time off, Louis? Thanks. I really don't think it would help. Whenever you get around to it, Mr. Hoffman. l've got nothing whatsoever to do today. l've got nothing but time. What can I do for you, Mr. London? Howard Resnick says you won't budge on this. Howard Resnick says you won't budge on this. You're intent on linking me to this, about to serve me a subpoena. I have an obligation to my client, explore avenues that may result in exoneration. This is not an avenue. This is nothing! This is a middle-aged putz who, until he had a heart attack... ...liked to pretend he was 19 years old. I made enough money to drive an expensive car... ...to always have that baggie full of cocaine on me at all times. I knew girls stupid enough to think it represented some kind of advantage... ...to have sex with me. No, I'm not putting myself up for a Nobel Peace Prize... ...but I swear on the graves of my parents I never killed anybody. Understand if I don't take your word for that. Then you tell me what I can do to convince you. l've talked to your Pls twice. Now I'm talking to you. I'll take a lie detector test. I'll do anything you ask me to do. Please do not do this to me. Okay. -"Okay," there won't be a subpoena? -There won't be a subpoena. -Mr. Hoffman, l-- -Go home before I change my mind. Here's the check for our motorcyclist. So? Have you given further thought to my offer? I dug out my Jansen's art History from college. -I'd forgotten how much I like Holbein. -Simply magnificent. The use of color, the balance of the composition. But I think the thing that draws you in most... ...is the darkness. Nobody handled darkness like Holbein. So do we have something to celebrate? I have some vacation days coming up. I could use them to make the Amsterdam run. -Excellent. Only, about Ted. He has a lot on his plate. I would like to choose the right time to tell him. -I understand completely. -I want to be aboveboard. Say no more. I'm sure you'll tell Ted when you're ready. So in honor of Holbein, how about a glass of Tokay Pinot Gris? The 89 is superb. Sure. Justine, I couldn't be more pleased. I hope this is a start of a long and productive relationship. Me too. The man sat in my office. I should have realized how desperate he was. Thanks. From what you're telling me, Fletcher's been on the edge for some time. Still, I could have gone to Garfield sooner. Miriam had already been to him once about this... ...and I was too proud to go myself, hat in hand. Which I ended up doing anyway, just too late to save this man's life. You can't blame yourself for not being able to see into the future, Ted. This was a situation that might've played itself out no matter what you did. Louis works 12-hour days for me, never asks for a thing. The one time he does, I let him down. I have a feeling he understands better than anyone what happened here. I hope so. You know what's almost as bad? After hearing about Fletcher... ...l let up on a witness who might have given Neil a reasonable doubt. ...l let up on a witness who might have given Neil a reasonable doubt. -How reasonable? -Honestly? lt was a fishing expedition. But it would have wrecked the guy, so I dropped it. Then you did the right thing. My job description reads "defense attorney. " Not "all-around good guy. " Don't beat yourself up. Even you're not infallible. I know. But some days I hate this job. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 