Murder One: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e7 - Chapter Seven - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 7 - Chapter Seven - full transcript 
 Hoffman questions a nurse about call from Neil Avedon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julie found her sister's diary today. My first thought was... ...you should see this. But we have to submit this to the other side. Reciprocal discovery. We only have to submit it if we use it as evidence. I don't want to let this thing out till we understand exactly what's going on. lnformed sources confirm... ...that a recent telephone survey conducted by Avedon's legal team... ...shows that 67 percent.... -We have a leak in the firm, Louis. -It would seem so. Find it and cap it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm reinstating bail in the amount of 10 million dollars. -Previous terms continue in effect. -Thanks. Let me tell you a story. So Davey's at the motel. Carello meets him there with the tape to prove his information's good. The tape shows Jake Nichols making love to his wife. Beverly. But for that tape to be worth 100 grand and two people's lives... ...the other guy had to have been Richard Cross. The Goldilocks murder case has sprung another leak. Hard on the heels of last week's news that defendant Neil Avedon... ...flunked a jury survey commissioned by his attorney. Ted Hoffman... ...comes another juicy rumor 8u iour. A mystery witness known only to the Los Angeles district attorney's office. According to sources. this witness can place the troubled film star... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...inside the apartment of 15-year-old murder victim Jessica Costello... ...hours later than he's admitted to police. This witness. say sources. is the real reason... ...the DA was willing to file against Avedon... ...so soon after dropping charges against philanthropist Richard Cross. This case has more leaks than the Nixon White House. What I want to know is who has an agenda in this firm. lt can't be the associates. Chris Docknovich is here every night till 10. He barely has time to take a leak, much less leak to the press. I've talked to everyone else. Lila, Sydney, the paralegals... I've talked to everyone else. Lila, Sydney, the paralegals... ...they all deny any knowledge. They understand our attorney-client privilege extends to them? -lf they didn't, they do now. -What about our attorney service? You couldn't stack the Bibles high enough to cover their denial. Someone is talking to Connie Dahlgren. She isn't getting this stuff out of thin air. I hope that it goes without saying... ...yours truly would sooner cut out his tongue with a rusty blade... -...than divulge a company secret. -Understood, Louis. But stay on this. There's a leak in this office, and I want to know who it is. I guess it was just a matter of time. I heard a Neil Avedon joke. Which you'll share with us. lt seems Neil's new girlfriend auditioned for a part in a movie. She would have gotten it, but she choked. Ooh. I had a rather unpleasant experience this morning, people. report on Deadline: America that the DA has a witness... ...who can place Neil at the scene Iater than he's told us. -Where'd they get that? That's what I'd like to know. There have been too many leaks in this, some coming from this firm. I'm going to assume that no one at this table... ...is leaking to the press... ...but we have to be more careful when discussing this case. Think before you speak. Loose lips sink ships. On to current business. If this so-called mystery witness is real, he or she had to have surfaced... ...between the time Richard Cross was released and Neil was arrested. -Grasso kept it from us at the prelim. -Apparently. Then let's slap a motion to compel discovery on her. Force her to disclose the name or deny she has such a witness. Let me talk to Miriam first. If she plays hardball, then we take off the gloves. We're at war. For every witness on the prosecution list... ...l wanna know who was their best friend... ...when they lost their virginity, to whom. I want to know every conceivable agenda their witnesses could have. I want to know every conceivable agenda their witnesses could have. Lisa, how's the case in juvenile court coming along? I'm trying to collar Matt Barkley to get the charges dropped. This is the gang kid? -Darrin Butler, a.k.a. Little Chill. Shot and killed a rival gang member at a funeral for his cousin. -Did he look us up in the yellow pages? -His brother's the rapper Smooth G. Based on his CD, he can more than afford the retainer. A million copies in the first six weeks alone. I listen to rap sometimes. Arnold, you have hidden depth. If Barkley won't deal, do we have a fallback? It's tough. Fifty eyewitnesses, including six CRASH cops. I'm trying to line up witnesses. The kid's own grandma doesn't want to testify. -She's pretty scared. -Of the kid or the other gang? Okay, folks, let's get to work. How about say me and you do a little something-something after this? Man, she ain't trying to hear that. Man, she ain't trying to hear that. I don't think so. Yo, she trying to hear me. Ain't you? Lisa, your 10:OO is here. -lf-- -Look it here. If you'll take your seat, Ms. Gillespie will be right with you. -You see? She playing you, man. -Yo, she ain't playing me, kid. -No, I can tell-- -All right, you heard the lady. Please take your seats. What up, kid? That's your boss? And you, feet off the table. And even if you were old enough, this is a smoke-free workplace. Now, mineral waters for everyone? You can set them in the conference room, Louis. Hi. I'm Lisa Gillespie. Which one of you is Mr. Butler? Man, who is this? I'm Smooth G. Who the hell are you? I'm your brother's attorney, Mr. Butler. -What? -Yo, you tripping. Yo, we came here to see the man, not some wack-ass gray. Word, kid. My man. Yo, you even know what we're talking about? No, and I won't pretend to... ...but when your little brother here walks into juvenile court... ...he's going to need more than street slang to walk out again. The petitioner makes a prima facie case... ...we can't argue attenuating circumstances... ...he's looking at a minimum disposition that will have his head spinning. You know what I'm talking about? Okay. Here's where we stand. I'll be talking to Deputy District Attorney Barkley this afternoon. I will argue self-defense, but I don't expect him to dismiss. Count on going to a jurisdictional hearing in Judge Leyland's court Wednesday. What are Little Chill's chances? Judge Leyland's not exactly a bleeding-heart liberal. Basically, he's white. Darrin, we need to arrange a time to go over your testimony. Darrin, we need to arrange a time to go over your testimony. Look, my Tech Nine did all the talking I'm gonna do. The judge is the sole finder of fact in juvenile court, Darrin. He needs to understand your state of mind at the time of the shooting. If you're convicted, you will be confined to a juvenile facility... ...until your 21st birthday, and they can add another four years to that. Look, if it's either that or be a punk... -...I'll do the time. SMOOTH G: No! You listen to your lawyer. You think I'm paying all this money so you can end up doing 13 in CYA? He'll testify. Maybe that won't be necessary. Let me talk to the deputy district attorney first. Anything else? Unless you have any questions. No, we're cool. Understand this, Miss Thing. You come correct... ...for my little brother... ...or it's on you. Hoffman or no Hoffman. You know what I'm saying? It's open. Teddy! What a nice surprise. The subject is surprise, Miriam, and there's nothing nice about it. We sound kind of grumpy. I don't like finding out qrom Deadline: America... ...that you're holding out a witness on us. You can't believe everything you hear on those shows. Are you telling me you don't have a witness... ...who claims to place Neil Avedon at the scene? -I didn't say that. -Then don't play games. We all knew you had more when you arrested Neil... ...and this witness was it. Take a deep breath and start over. I don't like where this is heading. I think you owe me an explanation. We arrested Neil off of the semen in Jessica Costello... ...and his inconsistent statements to the police. I don't believe that. You never would have charged him if that's all you had. If we're going to be pointing fingers... ...what about this phantom diary of Jessica's? Or hadn't you heard they voted for reciprocal discovery in this state? Come on, Miriam. Until I decide I'm going to use it as evidence... ...I'm under no obligation to hand it over. You come on, Ted. If you're not developing evidence off of that diary... ...I'll kiss your ass in Macy's window. And before you come in here accusing me of unethical behavior... -...you'd better get your facts straight. -Meaning? Meaning that the leak to Connie Dahlgren did not come from my office. Then where did it come from? I wish I knew myself. Bottom line, Miriam. Who's the witness? Third name from the bottom. Susan Dominick? She's a night nurse at lephyr House. She logged a call from Neil at 1 :45 a.m. the night of the murder... ...from Julie Costello's phone. That's two hours after he said he left. I'm to believe this nurse came forward out of concern for the public good? The police dumped the records from Julie's phone. The call to Lester's facility practically leapt off the page. And after a little arm-twisting, this nurse gave up Neil. I'm not going to give you any more. All this gratitude, I'm starting to get a little grumpy myself. Oh, and the next time you come by... ...just in the spirit of quid pro quo... ...you might like to bring that diary. I could use a good book. A detective came by to see me. I can't remember his name. -Polson. -Yeah, I think that's it. He told me the police had a record of Mr. Avedon calling the clinic... ...the night of that girl's murder. He made it seem like I'd just be confirming what he already knew. lt never occurred to me he might be bluffing. And that's all you did? Confirmed that the call came from Neil? Confirmed that the call came from Neil? That's all I knew. Dr. Lester took the call. Thank you, Miss Dominick. You've been very helpful. Whatever you're paying that girl, it's not enough. What's that supposed to mean? You're using her to undermine Neil. That's ridiculous. ls it? She functions under the same umbrella of privilege as you do. She didn't have to talk, and you didn't have to let her. I was out. I wasn't in the office. I resent your suggesting I would do anything... ...to undermine the well-being of one of my patients. If you're so anxious to help... ...why didn't I hear about the call from you a long time ago? Well, maybe I didn't think it was in Neil's best interest to tell you. Did that ever occur to you, counselor? W,, ould your definition of Neil's best interests"... ...include keeping him out of the gas chamber? I want this understood. I'm telling you this in strictest confidence... ...only because I know anything I say here... ...falls under Neil's attorney-client privilege. Get to the point. Neil confessed to killing Jessica. He called me that night. It was, I don't know, about 1 :45. He was frantic, out of his mind on something. Did he tell you he was at Julie Costello's apartment? I couldn't make any sense out of what he was saying. I told him to come to the clinic. He showed up here about a half an hour later. Sobbing, confused. He told me he'd just killed Julie's sister. If he was out of his mind on drugs, how did he get here? Cab, I guess. I'm not sure. I gave him a sedative, sent him to bed. I'll rot in jail before I'll testify to any of this, Mr. Hoffman. But my lips to God's ears... ...that's what happened. We're in full damage control, people. Either Lester's telling the truth about Neil's confession... ...or running an errand for Richard Cross. Do you really think Neil confessed? I'm not even sure he called. Either way, we have to shut down this nurse's testimony. I sense a motion to exclude. Arguably, her statements may fall under Lester's doctor-patient privilege. -When do you need it? -I could've used it before she talked... -...but I'll take it now. -I'm on it. Ray, any progress up in Sonoma? I ran down hookers who used to work for Carello. They weren't exactly in mourning. If they knew anything about the tape or Davey's murder, they weren't talking. -No family? -A sister who hadn't seen him in months. I asked if he had a safe. She didn't know. There's gotta be a second copy of that tape. If there is, I'll find it. Let it go for now. Get on Grasso's witness list. Start with this nurse. She's the weak link. If Cross got to her, it had to be soon after the murder. Lester wouldn't let you see her alone before. He'll have her tied with a ribbon by now. Check her financial records, any recent rise in her fortunes. A new car. Credit cards paid off. You know the drill. Neil Avedon. Teddy, what's the deal with the secret witness? -How bad can she burn me? -lf she's telling the truth? -Not good. -Oh, man. Maybe we ought to think about a deal. Who put that idea in your head? Richard said Grasso offered a deal weeks ago. I told you not to talk to Richard Cross. -Well, he's my friend. -He is not your friend. Teddy, he put up a million bucks so I could stay out of jail. I call that pretty friendly. I'll make this real simple, Neil. I am your only friend. Anything you say to anyone else can be used against you in court. For your own sake, you trust me, and me alone. Until we're past this, you consider everyone else an enemy. You should have told me about Grasso's deal. Richard said you're supposed to. Do you want to spend the next six years in prison? That was the deal. Given your condition at the time the offer was made... ...you weren't in a position to consider it. Well, does that mean it's off the table? Do you want me to find out? Well, I don't know. Then don't second-guess my judgment, because Richard is pissing in your ear. I'm sorry, Teddy. You're my guy. I'm not having a good day, Neil. I need the truth from you. Yes or no. The night of the murder, did you call Graham Lester from Julie's apartment? I don't remember. Did you or did you not confess to him that you killed Jessica? Teddy, I don't know. Then the answer to both questions is no. As far as you know, you didn't call Lester, you didn't confess. The only person in that apartment after midnight was Richard Cross. Teddy, I could have been there. -Look, I want to be straight about this. -Save some nails for the DA. Okay. Go home, Neil. Lock the door, don't talk to Richard Cross, don't talk to the press. If you get bored... ...read a book. Whatever you say. Officer Torrez... ...in your capacity as a member of the anti-gang CRASH unit... ...did you attend the funeral of William Moore... ...at Cypress Knoll Memorial Cemetery on September 23rd of this year? I did. Had you known the deceased to be a member of the One-Eights gang? Had you known the deceased to be a member of the One-Eights gang? Yes. What were the circumstances of his death? He was shot and killed in a drive-by three days earlier. Who were the Avalon Treys? A rival gang. Their territory abuts along Avalon Boulevard. Were members of the Treys questioned in the shooting of Mr. Moore? They were the logical suspects... ...but we were unable to develop any evidence linking them to the crime. So on the afternoon of Mr. Moore's funeral... ...you had reason to expect trouble? That's why we were there. Please describe what occurred. Most of the One-Eights were present, including Mr. Butler. The minister had finished the eulogy... ...when a late-model Oldsmobile '98 approached the site. Did you recognize the occupants? They were members of the Treys. Kevin Powell, who I'd dealt with previously, was in the rear seat. When Mr. Powell proceeded to lower the rear-door window... ...the minor Butler pulled a semiautomatic pistol from his jacket... ...fired four times, killing Mr. Powell. Were any of the occupants of this car armed? We stopped them two blocks from the cemetery. A search of the car failed to turn a weapon. Had Mr. Powell said anything, done anything to provoke such an attack? He never got the chance. Thank you, officer. Your witness. Are you familiar with a wall... ...at the corner of 11 6th Street and Avalon Boulevard, officer? Yes. Does the wall in this photograph accurately depict the wall I've described? It appears to. -We ask that this photo be marked... ...and entered into evidence as Exhibit C. So entered. Could you explain to the court what the graffiti on this wall means? The gangs will mark a wall like this to designate territory. Another gang will come and mark over the first gang's signs as a challenge. If you know how to read the signs... ...you can usually predict violence between the rival gangs. Had you been watching the wall in this photo? We kept our eye on it. The Treys had x'd out the names of One-Eights. They'd also written "187," penal code for homicide... ...alongside names, indicating their intention to kill those members. Prior to Moore's death... ...had "187" been written on the wall beside his name? Yes. Was Darrin Butler's name on the wall? "Little Chill," his gang name, was below Mr. Moore's. Anything written beside it? " 187. " So when Kevin Powell and his fellow Treys... ...pulled into Cypress Knolls Cemetery, Darrin had a reasonable expectation... -...that they were coming for him? - Objection. Calls for speculation. Overruled. I can't read his mind. I know he shot four times. Which is the reason he's still alive today, isn't it? -Objection. -Withdrawn. You found no weapons in the car, but isn't it a fact... ...that you recovered a 9 mm handgun in a dumpster... -...a half block from the cemetery? -Wiped clean. The entire neighborhood is gang territory. lsn't it possible, or even likely, that gang members fleeing a shooting... ...would want to dispose of an unregistered weapon? It's possible. Thank you. Nothing further. Leaks have only one purpose, Connie, to bias and inflame. There's a pool of potential jurors out there... ...twelve of whom will decide my client's fate. I want them walking into that courtroom with an open mind. With all this publicity, can Neil Avedon get a fair trial? These leaks are an attempt to poison the atmosphere of justice. The question is whether jurors can be open-minded. Could you? Rumor is, you had Miriam Grasso on the carpet over this. I respect Miriam, but I told her the same thing I'm telling you. Let's try this case in a court of law, not before the television cameras. One last question: How badly does this mystery witness hurt Neil's chances for acquittal? Connie, we don't even know what this so-called mystery witness has to say... ...or what motivated this person to come forward. The testimony may not even be relevant... ...to the question of whether my client is innocent or guilty. -That's great. That'll do it. Cut. The implacable fac. ade of Ted Hoffman. Next time, I'll bring a chisel. You tell me something. Who told you the results of our jury survey? You know I can't answer that. If I've got a traitor working for me, I'd like to know. And speaking hypothetically, just what do I get in return? I'd say the pleasure of knowing you did the right thing... ...but I know better. Sorry, Ted. I'm afraid I'm just a girl who can say no. -Ted? -How goes it, Chris? Just filed the Susan Dominick motion. And I just finished up with Connie Dahlgren. Know where Lila keeps the aspirin? No, but I got a rumor I bet even America doesn't have. No, but I got a rumor I bet even America doesn't have. -It's all over the courthouse. -Do I want to hear it? Grasso's quit the case. Hm.... Mm. -Whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What? Excuse me. Where you going? Come back here, man! Hey. Good morning. How's everybody doing? Okay. Look, I know you don't want to testify, but I need you up there today. What are you talking about? The way you dissed that cop, no way they'll convict me. I appreciate the vote of confidence, but I'm not so sure the judge bought it. And what am I supposed to do? Get up there and beg him? Now, he can kiss my black ass before I'll do that. What did I tell you? All right, then. Okay. Darrin, when was the last time you saw your father? I ain't never seen him. -Your mother? -Overdosed two years ago. I live with my grandmother. When was the last time you saw someone killed? Last month. Our cousin Willie. William Moore, whose funeral you were attending on September 23rd? Yeah. Can you describe how Willie died? Bunch of us was chilling on the corner... ...couple of Treys rolled up, popped him. How close were you standing? Far as I am from you. ls your cousin the only person you've seen killed? Man, you bugging me? I seen plenty of people killed. My cousin Maurice, my brother Danny... ...K-Dog, Sleepy. Look, I don't know how many. Maybe 12. Have you ever been shot at yourself? First time, I was 6. Bullet came through the wall while I was sleeping. Was that frightening? I'd sleep in the bathtub. Darrin, why did you bring a gun to your cousin Willie's funeral? Figured there might be some banging. Did you assume that there might be some trouble... ...if the Avalon Treys showed up? Soon as I saw that window roll down... ...l knew either me or one of my homies was gonna get it. How did you know they weren't arriving to pay their respects? Man, they came to bust a cap. -No other reason for them to be there. -That's right, kid. Man, you want me? Punk-ass! Come on with! -Yeah, Little Chill-- Clear the gallery! Come on with it. You smoked. You too, punk! ln Los Angeles. the Goldilocks murder case... ...continues to be beset by leaks and rumors. With me to discuss the latest is legal expert Dana Benson. The courthouse buzz is that Deputy District Attorney Miriam Grasso... ...has pulled out of the case in a dispute with DA Roger Garfield. Now. sources aren't saying how this dispute began... ...but it's yet another blockbuster... ...that's sure to rock this already-sensational case. If Grasso withdraws. will that hurt or help defendant Neil Avedon? Miriam Grasso is a topnotch prosecutor. The DA's office has others. yes. But if this rumor proves true... ...l think the defense will be sleeping a lot better in the nights to come. How about it? Getting any more sleep these days? I feel like I've been watching a production of Waiting for Godot. It's fascinating, but what does it mean? lt means that the leak about Lester's nurse came from Garfield. I cornered him in his office... ...said I didn't appreciate him going around me to the press. And then, after a brief stab at a denial, he admitted it. And one thing led to another, and I quit. -Do you think that's wise? I'm not getting rich in this job. All I have is my reputation. I think your client's guilty, but I don't like to feel like somebody's puppet... ...especially when it's Roger Garfield's hand that's up my dress. Excuse my language, young man. Who's replacing you? It's up to Roger. Well, speaking personally, Miriam, I'm going to miss you. With all due modesty... ...you've got a better chance without me. Maybe. But this case is turning into a circus. And if Garfield has his way, it's going to get worse. This case needs your honesty, Miriam. Blow any more smoke up my bustle, and you'll set the sprinklers off. It's not flattery. It's the truth. Stay on the case. Funny, you didn't seem this charitable Last night on Deadline: America. Funny, you didn't seem this charitable Last night on Deadline: America. New deck, new deal. We'll start over. I don't know, Ted, but I'll take it under advisement. Teddy... ...did I miss something in there? Getting Grasso off the case is the best thing that could happen to us. How much money you got in your pocket? Well, maybe 30 bucks. I'll put up my next week's draw against your $30... ...that before the week is out, Miriam Grasso will be back on the case... -...and Garfield will be licking her boot. -She just quit. She's paper-training that idiot. If you think Miriam will quit the biggest case in her life... ...you got another thing coming. We cannot allow the law of the streets... ...to become the laws of this land. Now, Darrin Butler committed a brutal act of revenge. He may learn nothing if incarcerated until his 25th birthday... ...but he will surely learn nothing if allowed to go free. We ask this court to sustain the petition. I grew up in a neighborhood where the only violence... ...you were likely to see was the occasional schoolyard bloody nose... ...where "lf I die before I wake" was an innocent bedtime prayer. Darrin grew up in a neighborhood... ...where he had to sleep in an iron bathtub to avoid being killed. He didn't start the cycle of violence. He was trying to survive. You saw an example of that in this courtroom. A gesture that we would not have noticed... ...was a symbol of the deadly rules by which gang members live. To Darrin, the "187" scrawled next to his name meant he was next. So when Kevin Powell rolled down that car window... ...Darrin believed he was about to be killed... ...and he reacted in the only way he knew how, in self-defense. Remember, the last time he saw someone roll down a car window... ...his cousin Willie was shot dead. Could he really afford to see what Kevin Powell's intentions were? Your Honor, these are children of war. And no purpose can be served by punishment. I ask that you find my client not guilty. Richard Cross. He doesn't have an appointment. Show him in. Richard. I'm not happy, Teddy. -How can I help? -I called Neil today. He told me you instructed him not to take my calls. That's true. I'm racking my brains here. Did I do something to offend you? All I've tried to do throughout this process... ...is to be the best friend to Neil that I can. I appreciate that, Richard. But you need to understand, Neil's in a fragile state of mind. You're telling me? That's why I put up the kid's bail. And Neil's grateful for that. But what you consider a helpful suggestion sends this kid into orbit. I mentioned that Grasso offered a plea. I thought he already knew. All the same, he came in here bouncing off the walls. And you think that's my fault? Look, Teddy, I have tolerated a certain level of innuendo here... ...because I realize that you have a job to do. But you cross a line when you tell him that he can't even talk to me. I mean, I think I deserve better than that. -Don't you? -It was certainly not my intention... -...to offend you, Richard. -Well.... But right now, I need Neil thinking straight. Which means listening to his lawyer, not his friends... ...however well-intentioned they may be. As usual, you're right. This is not about me. This is about that poor kid who's fighting for his life. I'm glad you see it that way. When this whole thing is over, we should get together, you, me and Annie. Get on the jet, go to my place in Breckenridge... ...put this whole case behind us. That sounds like a plan. Still friends? Always, Richard. Thank you for coming today. I have a brief statement to make regarding People versus Avedon. ln any case involving significant public interest... ...there are bound to be unsubstantiated leaks and rumors. While it is impossible to shut down these leaks... ...it has come to my attention that one of them... -...has emanated from this office. Shocking. -Gambling in Casablanca. I want to give assurance... ...to the press and to the public at large... ...that every effort has been made to see that this does not occur again. To the extent that this episode has embarrassed Miriam Grasso... ...she has my sincerest apology. Oh, he's not just down on one knee, he's in full grovel. This case is hers to win. ln other words, guess whose ass it is if Neil walks. I'll let Miriam say a few words. and then we'll take any questions. Thank you. Roger. Let me just say that I'm happy to be back on board... ...and I look forward to trying this case where it always belonged... ...in a court of law. Way to go, Miriam. What's that for? Don't ask. We're back in business. -Got a minute? -What's up, Louis? I think I found our leaker. I'm embarrassed to admit it, but I did a little amateur sleuthing... ...and you'll never guess who I saw... ...coming out of Connie Dahlgren's apartment at 7:OO this morning... ...with wet hair, no less. Come in. Sit down. Before I start, is there anything you'd like to tell me? I'm not sure I follow. I think you do. -You've been talking to Connie Dahlgren. -Oh, God. Violating the confidentiality of this firm. -Mr. Hoffman, l-- -Be quiet and listen. An attorney's fundamental duty is to his client. To violate that privilege is to violate a trust. Not only have you exposed this firm to possible civil liability... ...you've jeopardized your own career before it's even begun. Mr. Hoffman, I swear, l-- I never meant for this to happen. I was walking to my car, and she was... ...there. -All decked out and smelling like-- -I don't require the details, Sydney. She asked me if I wanted to have a drink. Well, I don't drink, but I thought, "Well, okay." Two Passion Bowls later, I was in her apartment. She was undoing my tie. Next thing I know, I'm not wearing pants. Mr. Hoffman, I didn't have a date until I was a freshman in college. And here was this incredible woman. I mean, her breasts-- You were seduced. Exactly. The real measure of a man is what he does when no one else is looking. When he's guided only by his own sense of right and wrong. By that measure... ...you failed. I understand. -I'll clear out my desk. -There's no need to do that. Finish your internship. Take this opportunity to grow. To become the kind of lawyer I can be proud of. That your parents can be proud of. If you do that... ...this matter will remain between the two of us. Thank you, sir. I'll never forget this. For your sake, I hope not. -Oh, and Sydney. -Yes, sir? Next time somebody offers you a Passion Bowl... ...stick to Shirley Temples. I see too many of these cases. A young man shot and killed and another accused of his murder. Usually, I must decide whether the defendant minor committed the crime. But in this case... ...l must consider why. By the standards of his young life, he could not afford to see... ...what might happen once that car window was rolled all the way down. I condemn the world that made him think like that. But I cannot fully condemn him. I find Darrin Butler... ...acted in self-defense. Therefore, it is my order... ...that he be released to the custody of his older brother. I order that he perform 300 hours of community service... ...at a facility for the elderly... ...and that he report to a probation officer of the juvenile court each week... ...until his 18th birthday. Young man, I'm giving you a second chance. Take it. You know they lay waiting for you, right? I'm on it. You know I'm hard, and I ain't even worried. -ls he going to be all right? -Hey. -ls he going to be all right? -Hey. He's back in the 'hood. -I'm glad you're free. Hey! What are you working on? Going over prior testimony from Miriam Grasso's expert witnesses. -It's a pretty impressive crew. -No doubt. Why don't you knock off, go home, get some rest. Another couple of hours, soon as I get through this. Dave Blalock lived for his work. In the end, how many people cared? Don't make the mistake he did. Get a girlfriend. Get a life outside this office. That's good advice, Teddy. Thanks. Night, Chris. Good night. ln other news. the younger brother of rap star Smooth G... ...was acquitted of murder charges... ...in the death of a South Central teenager. I want to feel good about this. I really do. But I keep thinking putting him in the streets... ...is like getting someone off a speeding ticket in Bosnia. Maybe the DDA was right. Chances of seeing his 13th birthday are better in prison... ...than they are in his own neighborhood. But a win is a win, right? Help me out here. -Seems to me you got two choices. -Mm-hm. You can either take comfort in the fact that you did a great job. Or you can agonize over this and drive us both crazy. Do I drive you crazy? Out of my mind. Hoffman says I should get myself a girlfriend. Oh. Who's the lucky babe? Come here. So Miriam Grasso's back on the case. And we found our leak. -Who? -Sydney Schneider. Sydney Schneider? You're kidding. Why would he do something like that? He was seduced by Connie Dahlgren. Actually, sexually seduced? Little Sydney? I remember when he was in diapers. He could have used one. He just about wet his pants relating the saga. Remember Lizzie's expression the first time we took her to Disneyland? The "l can't believe this is really happening... ...but don't pinch me in case it's a dream" look? That's the one. You should have seen his puss. What does someone like Sydney see in a harpy like Connie Dahlgren? I think breasts had something to do with it. -Are you going to tell his parents? -No. What are you thinking? Husband-wife privilege? Goes without saying. Graham Lester says Neil confessed to him. If it's true, you were right about him all along. What does Neil say? He was so coked and liquored up, he doesn't know what he remembers. What do you do now? Exactly what I have been doing. How will you be able to look your daughter in the eye... ...if Neil Avedon killed a 15-year-old girl and you get him off? That's the wrong question, Ann. The right question is, how can I look her in the eye... ...if I don't give Neil the presumption of innocence the Constitution does? -Daddy? Oh, honey, I'm sorry. I forgot. I promised you'd say good night when you got home. Come on, honey. Let's go upstairs. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 