Murder One: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e4 - Chapter Four - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 4 - Chapter Four - full transcript 
 Neil Avedon takes a polygraph test. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julie found her sister's diary. I couldn't believe the things that were in it. You should see this. Her experience with sex and drugs. These appear to be men of social prominence. Either of you notice the only two guys mentioned... ...with whom young Jessica didn't have sex? -Richard Cross. -And Graham Lester. I put up the million for his bond. My people are working on it. You know what's nice, Richard? The interest you take in these young people. Francesca, you have every reason to be hurt and upset. Would you give Richard a message for me? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Of course. Tell him this is going to be very expensive. I'd like to thank everyone for your support. Your client, Neil Avedon, he's pounding at my door at 2 a.m. Last night. The last time we were together. Neil Avedon strangling me. Stop! A hundred thousand puts this in your private collection. Twelve hours, then it goes on the block. CROWLEY ON TV: Charged with the slaying is film star Neil Avedon.... Melissa Griotte is here. Punctual to the second. People looking for money usually are. CROWLEY ON TV: --he killed Jessica Costello. Joining me now-- Do we have a deal, Mr. Hoffman? No. It wouldn't be in the best interests of my client. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So then the tape goes to the tabloids. I've already been in touch with Deadline: America. You'll do what you have to do. I will sell it. And I'm sure you'll donate the money to Mother Teresa. Don't you want Neil to have the best defense money can buy? He's already got that. Give this copy to Neil. A souvenir from my collection. Is today Thursday? -Yes. Is today Thursday? -Yes. Do you intend to answer all my questions truthfully? Yes. Did you kill Jessica Costello? No. Did you ever have sex with Jessica Costello? Yes. Did you enter the apartment Jessica shared with her sister... ...on the night of Jessica's murder? Early. -And I left while she was still alive. I need a yes or no response. Did you enter the apartment Jessica shared with her sister... ...on the night of Jessica's murder? Yes. Have you ever had sexual relations with a Melissa Griotte? Yeah. Did you ever heighten the experience by choking her? What does this have to do with anything? Answer the question, Neil. Did you ever heighten the sexual experience by choking Melissa Griotte? No. Is your birth name James Neil Rennick? Yes. Did you come here today by car? Yes. Did you murder Jessica Costello? On my mother's life... ...nO. May I get you a drink? What in God's name is going on here, Teddy? Thank you, Louis. I show up at the Polo Lounge Last night... I show up at the Polo Lounge Last night... ...and this guy, Blalock, starts in about some diary... ...and what is my connection to this dead girl. At the Polo Lounge! He said you refused to cooperate and got up and left. Is there a diary? -There is a diary. Well then, I would expect the courtesy of not hearing that in a public place... ...and from someone other than you personally. Am I in it? You're in it, Gary. I swear to God, Teddy. I never screwed this girl. Dave Blalock's handling the investigation. -Tell him the truth. -I'm telling you! Okay, I banged her once. Jessica and I partied together one night last year... ...at the film festival up in Park City. She came up with her sister, Julie, stayed at Richard Cross' place. lt was dumb, I know. But it only happened once, and it was out of town. And I certainly had no idea she was only 15. Dave's gonna need the names of anybody you might have set her up with. Dave's gonna need the names of anybody you might have set her up with. I made some calls on her behalf. You know, to help her out with her career. Some producers. Give Dave the names. Ted, I can't start betraying confidences. I'm jammed at home already. Don't louse up my career. No one's looking to hurt your marriage or your career. Dave won't abuse the information. Ted, these are powerful men. And I've got a kid on trial for murder, Gary. All right, all right. -No one's looking to hurt you. -Good. I apologize for becoming fearful... ...but I realize it's in everybody's best interest for me to cooperate. Everything will be all right, Gary. Give me a hug. What have we got? A draft order to put Neil Avedon in a new rehab facility. -It's gonna ruin Dr. Lester's day. -That's low on my worry list. What else? With reference to any prospective use of Jessica's diary... ...I've drafted a motion to seal. And Sydney did a very nice memo on submitting a redacted version. Good work. Arnold's tough to please. We may want an in-camera conference to sell our case to the judge. Will we want to go back to Harrigan? He sets bail at 10 million, that's not blowing our client a kiss. Keep shopping. Neil's been calling about his polygraph results. I should be back from court around 5. Get him in then. -How's it going with your guy? -Velacek? Board of Rights took away his badge. The DA wants him behind bars. Maybe he needs to be on the sidelines a while. My case, people. The deepest betrayal is committed by those we trust to protect us... ...when they are the very ones who do us harm. The people will show that the defendant committed grievous crimes... The people will show that the defendant committed grievous crimes... ...in and of themselves reprehensible... ...but compounded because they were committed under the color of authority. To protect and to serve. Not to assault. Not to brutalize. Not to act as vigilante, no matter what the imagined provocation. Betrayal. lmagine if you will... ...the sense of betrayal Detective Ray Velacek must be feeling... ...as he sits before this court, accused of assault with a deadly weapon. Accused by an individual to whose residence... ...he had been dispatched five times. Because the man who is now Mr. Velacek's accuser... ...was beating up his wife. And on the sixth occasion... ...when Detective Velacek answers an emergency call... ...and attempts to halt another beating of a defenseless woman... ...he's prosecuted for doing so. Betrayal? Yes. By a system that he has fought to protect for 19 years. All because Donald Ballard... ...a man under court order to stay away from his wife... ...a man who ignored that order... ...a violent man, lied about Detective Ray Velacek. Listen carefully as we proceed, Iadies and gentlemen. Because the only credible evidence you will hear... ...indicates that Detective Ray Velacek did what was necessary... ...to protect a citizen in need. At the very least, that evidence will raise reasonable doubt... ...that any criminal act was committed. Therefore, you should find Detective Ray Velacek innocent. Miss Gillespie's out of the office. Can I take a message? Yes, I'll put you through. -How's it going, Lila? Good, Mr. Hoffman. So, Teddy, did I pass the test? Let's go into my office. Tell Chris to join us. Hoffman and Associates, please hold. Guys? Guys, am I missing something here? When a client passes a lie detector test, your facial expression should be... ...happiness. There's some ambiguity in the results, Neil. What does that mean? What it means is you stated you didn't engage in certain acts... ...and the polygraph believed you. -And? And the fact is... ...you did engage in those acts. Oh, really? Which acts might that be? You said you didn't choke Melissa Griotte during sex. I didn't. Take a look at this. It's okay. -It's okay. No, Neir, don 't. Shh. Don 't. It's okay. Stop! -I don't believe it. That's not your stand-in. Where did you get this thing? Melissa offered it to us for 100 grand. Were you drinking when you were with Melissa, Neil? -A little. -How much? I don't know. A few J&B;'s. Maybe a tequila or two. -It's possible you could have blacked out. -No. -Why not? -Because I didn't. I don't have blackouts. You don't remember this. I don't know. I mean, how could I forget something like that? How much did you drink the night Jessica Costello was murdered? I don't know. I remember starting. I don't know. I remember starting. But I don't remember stopping. God help me. I don't remember any of it. Teddy... ...is it possible I could have killed that girl? Lieutenant, how long have you been Velacek's supervisor? Five years. -Do detectives carry pepper spray? Yes. And yet Detective Velacek skipped right to his baton, isn't that correct? I don't know about "skipped. " I'm sure he thought it was an appropriate use of force. Are you saying that a rock-hard nightstick is preferable to an aerosol spray? I'm saying that stuff doesn't always work. Are detectives trained to crush skulls if they think pepper spray may not work? If you're up against someone who loses it, they're out of control... -Thank you. -...sometimes you've gotta end it... -...while you're still in one piece. That will be all, detective. Has Detective Velacek received any complaints... ...for using excessive force on citizens? -Objection. Relevance? -Overruled. Not to my knowledge. ln fact, he's received major commendations for his service, right? Yes. -Your Honor... ...l want a running objection to this line of questioning. I'll allow it. Keep running, Mr. Ianucci. So how many times has Detective Velacek... ...received commendations for outstanding police work? Thirteen times. Lieutenant, in your experience... ...is pepper spray always effective in subduing suspects? -No. -Thank you, lieutenant. Your department statistics show that pepper spray is effective... ...86 percent of the time, is that correct? -Yes. -No further questions. Hungry? -No, I couldn't keep anything down. The jury doesn't want to look at me. Don't study the tea leaves, Ray. Diamond held his own. He was strong and sincere. A good witness. -Scrambled eggs. -Huh? At Lucia's, across the street. Have the scrambled eggs. They go down easy when your guts are jumping. -I've had the need before. -Thanks. -Gentlemen. -I'll see you back here at 2:OO. Not the buoyant gait of an innocent man. -I'll get him some new shoes. -Let me walk you to your car. Velacek's a bad cop, Ted. He'll benefit from a little time inside. A Board of Rights relieved him of his job, his pension, his honors. He doesn't need any more benefits. Even if you roll the dice and he slides out from under the criminal charges... ...still doesn't get him his job back. Why risk sending him away for a long time when we can work out something? That all, Roger? I'm running late. Miriam Grasso and I had a screening of a videotape this morning. On Ioan qrom Deadline: America. If I were you, I wouldn't get too hopeful about that tape. lt could bite you. Look, I'm aware you and Miriam chatted about pleading this thing out. Now, I know she can be obstinate, likes to dig in... ...especially when she feels she's got a slam-dunk. Just understand that I can bring an element of pragmatism... ...call it the big picture, to the discussion. Tape or no tape. How long till the election, Roger? What I'm saying is, I can minimize the blood splatters on both of us. -There's a deal to be struck here, Ted. -Not one that helps my client. -Deadline: America ready to go! -They're setting up in your office. -Arnold's memo on restraining orders. -Okay. I have to be in court when the interview's over. Sydney will drive. You can review in the car. Ted! Give us a hug. We're almost ready. My guy's inside getting establishing shots, and then we'll get started. We're going to run the Avedon tape over six nights. What a beast that boy is. I'm glad you're pleased. And Melissa Griotte, is she pleased? One hundred grand from the Deadline: America coqqers. I have to believe that she is. Thank you for putting us on to her. I owe you. Not at all. I appreciate the opportunity to comment. ln addition, we believe the tape is spurious at best... ...and may even be criminally fraudulent. What makes you think so? First, as you know, Connie, videotape is easy to manipulate. You're saying the tape may have been doctored? It's possible. And even if Mr. Avedon did engage in the acts portrayed... ...how do we know Miss Griotte didn't entice him into those acts? -For what reason? -So she could sell the tape to you. So you don't think a jury will believe it? Look, I'll grant that what's on this tape is not a pleasant viewing experience. But people who watch it carefully will recognize that at a minimum... ...everything was consensual. Thank you. Attorney Ted Hoffman. -That's it, Stan. -That's a cut. Ted, I just need five minutes in here to do my reverses and we are done. I love you. A moment? We just got served notice to revoke Neil's bail... ...based on the DA's viewing of the tape. Hearing's tomorrow afternoon. It's yours. I'm locked in on Velacek. Sydney, here's the keys. -I'll get it done. -Seventeen minutes to get to court. -Fasten your seatbelts. Mr. Ballard, did you resist the defendant... ...when he instructed you to leave? I did not. -And when you got outside? He poked me hard in the stomach, and I went down to my knees. Then he grabbed me by the hair and slammed me down on the driveway. And then he hit me with his stick across my shoulder and my face. I could hear the bones break. I tried to stop him, but he just kept saying: "I'm tired of coming over to the house. I'm tired of dealing with you." He wants it over permanently. "Here's the lesson you deserve, jerkwad. " That's what he said. lt was my lesson. He busted me up for a lesson. Your witness. Mr. Ballard, what were you doing at your wife's house? She called me to come over. But after the police had been called there five times... ...a judge issued a restraining order... ...which prohibits you from going near your wife. Marcie called me up. And she said she wanted to talk. Work things out. She was slurring her words. I could tell she was drunk, which is when she's really abusive. I could hear Stacy and Kim screaming in the background. Like they were scared. All I wanted was to get them away so that she couldn't hurt them. -ls that a yes? -Yes. If you had obeyed the law... ...and not violated the restraining order, nothing would have happened, right? Like I said, I was invited. If you had not violated the court order, nothing would have happened, right? Right. You knew you were breaking the law when you went there. -Yes, but I said-- -Nothing further, Your Honor. Did you lift a finger to resist the defendant? No, I did not. And by the time he was done with me, I could not. The people rest. Twice in '85, twice in '87 and once in '88... ...Detective Velacek had to stop your husband from beating you, didn't he? Yes. Why did he beat you? -Objection. Calls for speculation. Overruled. Because of the way his day went at work. Because of the food. The kids' behavior, their messy rooms, the cable went out. There was always a reason. Did he beat you in front of the children? Yes. My daughter Stacy told me that she's never getting married... ...because she doesn't want to get punched like Mommy. You'd characterize your husband as a violent man, wouldn't you? Yes, I would. And several times Detective Velacek saw the results of this violence, didn't he? Yes. Once he took me to the hospital when I needed stitches. He knew the situation. Did Detective Velacek ever say that he would "get" your husband... -...for the beatings he'd given you? -No, never. Thank you. On this occasion, you called 911 ... ...and instead of a uniform, Detective Velacek showed up, right? I guess he was in the neighborhood. I thank God he got there first. You were a participant in the Matrix House Dependency Program... -...from 1992 to 1994, were you not? -Yes. Am I correct in assuming that's because you have a problem with alcohol? -I had some problems. -Still do, don't you? -ln fact, you had a DUl last March? -Yes. ln his report, the arresting officer stated... ...that you shouted at your children. Did you do that? They were frightened. They needed to be calmed down. -By yelling at them? Your Honor... ...l fail to see the relevance of this line of questioning. Mrs. Ballard is not on trial for beating her husband. lt goes to our position that Ballard went to his house because... ...his wife's condition made him fear for his children. My husband is the one with the violence problem, not me. I'm the one who had to get a restraining order! I'll allow it in, counsel. Did you invite your husband over and say he could ignore the order? No, I did not. He said that he had a present for Kim... ...and he swore that he'd leave right away. But before that could happen, Detective Velacek was there to beat him senseless. lsn't that correct? Whatever he got, he deserved it 100 times over. Hey! I know what you said in there. Gonna celebrate? -Stay away from me. -Cutting my nuts off? -A good excuse for you to get loaded. -Excuse me. You poison my children against me, trash me... ...why don't you just get my ass fired, end it? -Why don't you just hit me here? -There are better places. Mr. Ballard, you're not in the courtroom now. That restraining order is still valid. You're too close. This is on you. You're intimidating a witness, and you violated a court order. Both can send you to jail. Am I making myself clear? Someone should keep an eye on her. She could get hurt. Someone should keep an eye on her. She could get hurt. Mrs. Ballard, her husband went ballistic today. I'm concerned for her safety. -Which involves me how? -Get the cops to put a car near her house. There's a worthwhile expenditure of tax dollars. Teddy, that's a tough one. If it gets out that we've got police protecting her from her husband... ...that undercuts our case, right? -This woman could be in danger, Roger. -I'll see what I can do. But as far as Velacek goes, I can't deal. It's just not doable. Hurt this guy, Roger, you're gonna look soft on crime... ...to all those constituents out in the Valley. On the other hand, maybe the voters are smart enough to recognize... ...who the real criminal is. Velacek just can't walk away on simple probation. Community service, a substantial fine. Why not get a nun to whack him on the knuckles with a ruler? Worked in Catechism. N.G., Teddy. Cops beating up on citizens. If you want to talk about sentencing, we can sit down and work it out. I'll argue for County time, I'll see if I can get him put on keep-away status. Best I can do. Teddy. How you been? -Good, Teddy. I think the institution's here to stay. Divorce. You know, when Rodney King said, "Why can't we all get along?" I sent him a note, told him to mind his own business. You want to know what's good, Teddy? What's that, Marvin? Tell the waiter that you want the duck the way Mr. Siegalstein has it. -I'm not really a duck guy. -Ah. -Anyway. -Anyway. Francesca Cross, presently spouse of Richard. You're representing her? You know, I've got a great therapist now, Teddy. He's sensitized me to where I identify the tone of surprise. I recognize the unspoken message, and none of that crap bothers me anymore. Now, you think I should restrict my practice... ...to clients with tit jobs and exposés in rhe Enquirer. Mrs. Cross apparently disagrees. Maybe that's her point, Teddy. Rub Richard's nose in his bad habits... ...let him know what she thinks by the lawyer she picks. How can I help you, Marvin? I don't have to tell you about a woman scorned. Let alone a woman scorned 15 times in public. Francesca's looking to run around the prenup, wants her pound of flesh. It's the information age, and she's got information. Which, you're guessing, Richard would prefer to keep between the two of them. Very much so. I'm not his lawyer anymore. Well, on the off chance that you still have Richard's ear... ...and knowing as I do your representation... ...of that bright talent Neil Avedon... ...l thought it might interest you to know that Francesca... ...under certain circumstances... ...might be prepared to disclose habits and dispositions of Richard's... ...which I'm certain it would dismay him to hear bandied about... ...and commented on in the public fora. And might conceivably get him jammed up in that branch of the legal system... ...with which you are far more familiar than l. lt is in that context that Mr. Cross should be made to understand... ...that 100 million dollars is cheap. And he can stick the prenup he shoved down his wife's throat... ...right back up his ass. Ready to order, gentlemen? You know what I'm having. No appetizer. And Mr. Siegalstein's duck. Thank you. Eat them both Marvin. And double up on your therapy. The probative value of the videotapes is devastating, Your Honor. Putting aside the fact that the acts shown are ghoulishly similar... ...to the manner in which Jessica Costello was murdered... ...a man who chokes women simply cannot be allowed to walk around free. What you see isn't always what it appears to be. You mean that wasn't Neil Avedon choking that girl? Aside from the authenticity of the tape being in serious doubt, Your Honor... ...Mr. Avedon has taken a polygraph which substantiates his assertion... ...he never consciously choked Miss Griotte. Now counsel really has me confused. Are you saying... ...that the man was unconscious who was doing all that throttling? Your Honor, Mr. Avedon's excessive drinking clouded his memory... ...concerning what the tape depicts. A drunken blackout is the reason he doesn't recall that night... ...and the reason he passed the polygraph. -He was not conscious of his actions. So what? If he concedes that he choked the girl, he needs to go back inside. No. He needs to be in a place where he can be treated for his alcohol abuse. As the court is aware, Mr. Avedon is already in a rehab facility. Dr. Lester's facility does not have the appropriate resources... ...to meet Mr. Avedon's present needs. Aside from having no lockdown... ...insufficient staff and medical resources... ...it cannot provide the battery of psychological testing... ...which we believe is absolutely necessary. Then let him be tested in custody. No prison hospital has the environment necessary... ...to treat Mr. Avedon and to evaluate him properly. He can only get that at the Hiltz Clinic. He could get that at Menninger. He could get that at Mass General. He can probably get some nice Austrian psychiatrist... ...to probe his delicate psyche on the Orient Express. But bail is not solely designed to serve the needs of the defendant. Agreed. The circumstances of bail, however, are not intended to be punitive. If the prosecution is interested in finding the truth... ...he should be allowed to continue on bond. Mr. Avedon is asking that you help him Iearn more about himself... ...so that he can better prepare his defense. He knows he did not kill anyone. All right, I'm going to deny the people's motion for revocation of bail. -Your Honor-- Thank you. I'm also gonna order the change of facility. -We're very grateful, Your Honor. -Uh, don't thank me yet. There will be a report to this court from that facility... ...each week during your stay, Mr. Avedon. Upon completion of your treatment, then I will revisit the issue of bail. Trip up once, you'll be sent through that door... ...and you will not come out. Do you understand? -Yes, sir. -Uh, court is adjourned. Thank you. Let me have him, Teddy. I could make a hell of a prosecutor out of him. Toodles. -Congratulations. -How can we help you, detective? I don't need any help, counselor. This is purely social. Personal greetings to lover boy, here. They're much appreciated. Now, if you'll excuse us. You're an equal-opportunity strangler, right, Neil? Huh? Swans, women, no difference to you? As long as it's got a neck, you'll wring it? Forget it, Neil. Detective Polson's a bad loser. I haven't lost a thing, counselor. Hey, I'm thrilled he's out in the world. Someone as stupid as him, he's a time bomb just waiting to go off. That's enough, detective. And when he blows, I'll be there to pick up the pieces. Stay away from him, or we go back into court right now and get you sanctioned. Tick, tick, tick, tick. Francesca, thanks for coming in. Shouldn't I be thanking you? Marvin said that you and he'd had lunch. Yes, we did. -Don't use this guy, Francesca. -Teddy, don't. I am not going to be dissuaded from getting this divorce. And Marvin is what I require to get it done. Can you hear him above his green suits, Teddy? He has a brilliant mind. And that's why you want to use him? I want to use him because he can deal with Richard. He knows those rules. -They're Richard's rules. -Evidently. Not that I've always realized that. And you're sure now that that's how Richard plays? How can you, of all people, ask me that question? Francesca, I'm not here as Richard's advocate. -Village gossip not withstanding. -Yes. Gossip not withstanding. There are legitimate ways to attack a prenuptial agreement. Legitimate ways to dissolve your marriage... ...with the assurance of financial security. lt can be done without blackmailing Richard. -ls that what Marvin is proposing? -It is. I didn't know that. When you hire a man like that, you get the whole package. Francesca, I've known you for a long time. And because I feel I'm your friend, I'm saying fine, make Richard pay. But don't destroy yourself in the process. Siegalstein, he'll turn you into a circus act. Turn me into one? That's what I am. -It's not what you are. -Right. And he's not what you deserve. And don't you hire him because you feel that way. Who would you use? I can give you a list with 20 names. Honorable people. Within limits. Honorable without limits. That's a shorter list. You're on it. Graham Lester awaits in reception. Shall I shepherd him in? No. And show Francesca out the side corridor. Thank you. I'll tell your driver you're on your way down. Right this way. Law offices. No, Ms. Appleton is out of the office right now. Your colleague libeled my care facility in that courtroom today. Pursue your legal remedies. Why do you insist on having an adversarial relationship, Mr. Hoffman? We have a confluence of interest here. -That being? -That being Neil Avedon's welfare. You're aware I'm still going to be giving Neil care even at the new facility. -I'll try to minimize your access. -Why? Why can't we work together? Why can't we cooperate? Even at this late date, try and work out a cooperative approach. You keep me acquainted with your therapeutic regimen... ...l apprise you of my legal strategy... ...and Richard Cross is privy to every move I make. lsn't this conversation better suited to your office? What's he got on you? Meeting me out here, talking to me in this tone. Your disrespect for me does not go unnoticed. There'd be something wrong with both of us if it did. Don't fight me for Neil's soul, Hoffman. You can't win. Donald Ballard ran his wife over with his car. The wife died an hour ago. Ballard's still at large. Looks like you're getting yourself a new defendant. -Nothing wrong with the old one. -Paul. What Ballard did does not exonerate Velacek. Your so-called victim did just what my client was afraid he'd do. Perhaps not. But in light of what's happened... ...l don't think this case should get to the jury. If we drop this, we'd be countenancing cops beating up on citizens. Relax, Paul. Given the givens, I agree with Judge Noyce. This case should be dismissed. Are we done here? I need a moment of your time. In private. What else is there to discuss, Teddy? I called off my dog. It's over. No, it isn't. I asked you to give her protection, you didn't. And it got her killed. That's a bit simplistic, isn't it? It's the way the press likes their bites. Simple, easy to comprehend. Simple, easy to comprehend. -You have a bottom line, I assume? -I want Ray Velacek back on the job. With full pay and benefits. You really amaze me, you know that? All this sweat and heavy breathing over Velacek, for what? Because he's Blalock's first partner? We gonna deal or not? You know the situation. DA's office has no leverage over a Board of Rights. Then get some. Lean on whoever you gotta lean on, but get it done. Things should be ready in a minute or two. You almost done? Here, take it. Doesn't look like a Rolex kind of place. The staff's been told to look out for people hassling you. I can handle other people. It's me I have a problem with. Staff's gonna also help you with that. I've always had help. You know that, Chris? Trainer, dialogue coach... ...friends. At least the friends on my payroll. The people here are gonna kick your butt to get you straight. You're not gonna like it. But when you leave here, you're gonna be clean and sober. Maybe find out who you are. Yeah? And what if I find out who I am... And what if I find out who I am... ...is the guy that killed Jessica Costello? We're ready, Mr. Avedon. You'll be okay. Yeah. What'd they say? They'll reinstate you. But only if you agree to retire. Pension? Benefits? The whole package. They caught him, you know. Ballard. Out in Lancaster. He's already lawyered up. Probably walk away just like the other times. Let it go, Ray. Being a cop, it's a habit. When you're in the life, you think that's the only air there is to breathe. It's a habit you can break. Davey did it. lt might take me a while to pay you what I owe. We can make the rent. Richard Cross. -On the phone? -ln the flesh. I'll see him. Go home, Louis. Mr. Cross? Thank you. Long night, huh, Teddy? I guess you're only about halfway through yours. Francesca and I have had our first civil talk since this whole mess started. She told me that you persuaded her to change attorneys... ...in our divorce proceedings. I suggested it. Has she decided to let Siegalstein go? Apparently so. So how's Neil holding up? I suspect you have adequate conduits for that information. And I need to see my family. About Francesca, I just want to thank you. lt will elevate the level of discourse. I'm very fond of her, Richard. I think she has a good soul. And I am evil incarnate? -Are you? -I think you think I am. Which is why I don't grasp why you interceded on my behalf with Francesca. What's in it for you? Nothing you're capable of comprehending. What would be the fee to illuminate me? There are some things even you can't buy. Oh, come on, Teddy. Everybody has their price. Good night, Richard. I need one more signature. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 