Murder One: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e2 - Chapter Two - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 2 - Chapter Two - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You've got your naked 15-year-old victim... ...your presence of drugs, your rumors of sexual depravity... ...and a gorgeous older sister and former alleged prostitute... ...linked romantically to Richard Cross. What kind of relationship did Richard Cross have with your sister? He was like a second father to her. I'm done cleaning up after you. Next time you push some girl out of your car, you call somebody else. Richard Cross has met with police investigators as a courtesy. This was taken in the parking garage of your building. She was dead when I walked in. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The hookers on Sunset got more scruples than you got. We treat people as innocent till they have their shot in court... ...because it makes us better people. Avedon was busted two hours ago. This kid could hurt me. I have a warrant for Mr. Cross' arrest. That client of yours is very photogenic in that garage film. I'm here tonight to be with my husband. I'm confident that he'll be home soon. -Tell him it's going to be very expensive. -Get me out! -Not tonight. -Damn it! It's gonna turn into a circus around here. -We're coming to you live from Los Angeles... ...where business tycoon-turned- murder suspect Richard Cross... ...is about to be arraigned for the brutal sex slaying... ...of 15-year-old Jessica Costello. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The victim's sister. Julie Costello... ...the alleged mistress of the man charged with the crime... ...is in the courtroom. Let's go there live as Judge Clifford May has just taken the bench. Be seated. People v. Richard Cross. Good morning. Miriam Grasso and Mark Washington for the People. Theodore Hoffman and Lisa Gillespie for Mr. Cross. Please read the charges, Ms. Grasso. "Richard Cross, you are charged with one count of murder in the first degree... ...a violation of California Penal Code Section 187... ...for the death of Je:sica Costello, a minor. ...for the death of Je:sica Costello, a minor. Do you wish to have the complaint read in full? We'll waive the reading and enter a plea of not guilty. Your Honor, I'd like to be heard on the issue of bail. This is a charge of first-degree murder. Are the People going to seek the death penalty? That decision hasn't been made yet. But the People would oppose the setting of any bail. Richard Cross owns a private jet. And with assets all over the world, he poses a significant flight risk. The defendant was seen in a videotape Ieaving the garage... ...of the Havenhurst address moments after the crime occurred. He then lied to police about having been at the building that evening... ...indicating a consciousness of guilt. Under the circumstances, the People ask that bail be denied. Mr. Cross did not commit this crime... ...and he has no intention of leaving this jurisdiction. He's anxious to answer these charges and clear his name. I'm sure the court is aware of Mr. Cross' deep roots in this community... ...which has benefited from his many charitable and philanthropic activities. We're asking for reasonable bail so that Mr. Cross' suffering in this matter... ...is not further compounded. Court finds that bail is not appropriate and is denied without prejudice. Preliminary hearing will be set within 10 court days... ...unless Mr. Cross waives his right. A moment, Your Honor. Understand, Richard, with bail denied... ...waiving your right might mean three months in custody. But it's a mistake to go for a quick prelim. We need to prepare. Teddy, if there's a lesson for me in all this... ...it's probably learning patience and trust. Do what you think is best. Your Honor, Mr. Cross waives his right... ...to have the hearing set within 10 court days. I'm calendaring the preliminary hearing then for January 30th, 1996... ...9 a.m., division 32. Bailiff. I feel this is all gonna work out. I believe in you, Teddy. I appreciate your confidence, Richard. -I'll see you in the morning. -Okay. -Cross thinks he's getting out of jail. Why do you say that? Because he's suddenly discovered Christian equanimity. Have Dave Blalock find out who paid a visit to Richard in his cell last night... ...besides the baby Jesus. Darryl, that is not what I said. I'm not taking his side. What I said was that maybe he would Iet you pay him the rest later. I've gotta put you on hold. -Morning, Lila. -Morning, Mr. Hoffman. Louis has your messages. And this just came in for you, Lisa. -I caught you on Law TV. -And? You were terrific. Cross looked guilty as hell. Arnold taped it for you. You were terrific. Cross looked guilty as hell. Arnold taped it for you. I need everybody in the conference room in 20 minutes. Law offices. I didn't hang up on you. Darryl, I'm at work. Then maybe we should think about selling my ring. We could probably get 1000 for it. Well, if that's what you really think, maybe I don't want the ring. Lila, come in here for a sec. I couldn't help overhearing. Are you okay? Everything's fine. I don't want to bring my personal stuff into the office. Lila, if you're in some kind of trouble, don't be afraid to ask for help. I'd just as soon not go out of my way to invoke stereotype... ...by talking about my boyfriend who's about to go to prison, okay? Let's you and I debate who's working off stereotype some other time. What kind of trouble is your boyfriend in? He's been charged with assault. Supposedly, he rammed his truck into some girl's car up on Mulholland. Which is ridiculous. It's not Darryl, one. Plus, he'd never do that to his truck. He treats that 4x4 twice as sweet as me. -Why was he arrested? -The girl gave the police his description... ...and license number. But she's lying. We've driven that road at night I don't know how many times since. Pitch-black, no street lights, no way she could have ID'd Darryl or anybody else. Does he have an attorney? His name is Myron Elkins. A friend of Darryl's recommended him. He says he can keep Darryl out of jail if he pleads guilty to some lesser charge. But Darryl doesn't want to say he did something he didn't do. Plus the lawyer wants more money now, which we don't have. -What court is this being tried in? -Downtown. Before you hock that rock, Iet me make a couple calls. -I don't want to drag you into this. -It's no biggie. Really. I'm working on Cross' visitors. -Good. I'm working on Cross' visitors. -Good. Also, I sent a copy of the videotape of Cross leaving the Havenhurst address... ...to John DeNardis' lab. But it's second generation. Any chance we can get the original? We'll make a motion to release it. Who's gonna handle that? I drafted something similar for the audio surveillance in the Campos trial. Gentlemen, ladies... ...copies of the murder book compliments of Miriam Grasso's office. -We gonna take another run at bail? -At this point it's a waste of energy. They're kicking up dust about Cross' fingerprints being in the apartment. Let them. He owns the place and acknowledges spending time there. Dave, how soon can I get the autopsy results? Spoke to the coroner's office. Expect something by the end of the week. Arnold, I want a motion to suppress Cross' statement to the police. -Grounds? -He wasn't Mirandized... -...prior to the interview. -He wasn't a suspect or in custody. Page seven in your hymnals. The police report logs in the videotape showing Cross in the parking garage... ...before Cross and l talked to Polson downtown. Meaning when Polson interviewed Cross... ...he already had the videotape and knew its contents. -So Cross was already a suspect. -And should have been read his rights. So they can't use the statement where he lies about being at the apartment. Now you know why I don't miss the job. You people take all the fun out of being a cop. I'll prepare the motion. We'll lose. They'll argue that the time the tape was logged in isn't proof... ...Polson had seen it yet. But at least we'll get Garfield's pulse going. Let's get to it, people. I need your okay on something. Lila's fiancé, Darryl Jackson, is in the system... ...on what sounds like a bogus charge. You want to get involved? I want to talk to the attorney. Hear his side. This has been really hard on Lila. There's a way I can help. Do it. Hi. My name is Beverly Nichols. I'd like to see Mr. Hoffman. I don't have an appointment. Will Mr. Hoffman know what this is regarding? Tell him it's regarding Richard Cross. I'm Ted Hoffman, Ms. Nichols. -Pleased to meet you. -Lisa Gillespie, my associate. -How do you do? -Fine. Have a seat. I have information Richard Cross is innocent. What sort of information? I was with him last Wednesday night when he went to that girl's apartment. She was dead when we got there. I know I have to go to the police, but I thought I should talk with you first. Mr. Cross hasn't said anyone was with him at the crime scene. I'm married, Mr. Hoffman. Richard was trying to protect me. Why weren't you on the security camera videotape, Mrs. Nichols? When we found the body, Richard told me to get out of there. I didn't argue. So I ran out the same way I came in. Through the front door of the building. I guess the camera was in the garage. Why did you go to the Havenhurst apartment to begin with? There was a message on Richard's answering machine from Jessica. When he called back, she was fighting with her boyfriend or something. He thought he should drop by and check on her. What did you do when you left? I called my husband from Richard's car and told him to come get me. I made up a story about being stranded by some girlfriend at the Bel Age Hotel. It's right up the street from the dead girl's apartment. I'm sure the records from Richard's cell phone will verify the call. lmagine Richard allowing himself to be charged with murder... ...just to protect your reputation. He must care about you very deeply. My husband's a very violent man, Mr. Hoffman. Once before when he found out I was seeing Richard, he beat me up. The police will want to talk with you, Beverly. I understand. I'll call and arrange the interview. How long you been seeing Richard Cross? On and off about three years. -You were aware that he's married? -Yes. -You were aware that he's married? -Yes. And that he was pretty intimately involved... ...with Julie Costello during that time? I never asked Richard for a list of his friends, if that's what you mean. When you found Jessica's body, why didn't you call 911 ? Well, that was really up to Richard. I guess he thought it was too late. I guess he thought it was too late. Did he check for a pulse? Detective... ...you could tell this girl didn't have a pulse. Her eyes were wide open, Iooking straight at us. -lnteresting. I didn't think so. No, I mean Mr. Cross used those words in describing the body... ...exactly. Well, we saw the same thing. If you were standing in the hallway... ...for you to be able to see the eyes... ...the body must have been lying on the bed so that it was... ...facing the door? Is that right? She wasn't on the bed. She was laying on the floor. My mistake. She was on the floor. That's right. One wrist was tied to a bedpost. It was the left one, I think. Do you happen to remember what color nightgown she was wearing? She wasn't wearing one. She was naked. You have a terrific memory, Mrs. Nichols. Believe me, I'd just as soon never have seen what I saw in that apartment. Well, I'm sure Mr. Cross is very glad you did. That's a beautiful ring. -Thank you. -You say your husband is an actor? -Yes. Jake Nichols. -I never heard of him. He's just making a name for himself. Not a diamond for an actor to be paying for... ...who's just making a name for himself. You can contact Mrs. Nichols through me, detective. Of course, maybe it's a gift... -...from a wealthy boyfriend. -Let's go. But then why would you be wearing it so your husband can see? I mean, him with his terrible jealous temper and all. They're asking about picking you up Last week and if I know Cross. -What's going on? -We'll talk about it later, Jake. Were you with him that night? Is that what this is about? -Jake, please. -I ought to break your neck! Knock it off! You'd better not be home when I get there, you understand? We're done! Let's go, Mrs. Nichols. Yeah, a lot of conviction. He kept good eye contact. You gotta appreciate a nifty piece of acting. You're gonna want to be rethinking Mr. Cross' incarceration. I am getting the distinct impression... ...you think I'm doing a Iess-than-adequate job for Darryl. I don't think you're doing any job for Darryl. You wanna plead it out when this so-called eyewitness comes after him... ...and has a financial motive to convict. Never mind the holes in the police report you could drive a truck through. Mm-hm. None of that's gonna matter to a jury, okay? They're gonna ask themselves one question: Why was this guy driving around Jack Nicholson's neighborhood... ...in the middle of the night? People in this city move up into the hills, out into the valleys for a reason. Okay? On top of which you got a judge here who's not progressive in his views. This prejudice you're describing is hypothetical or your own? Hey, if I was prejudiced, why would I represent Darryl? Ten-thousand-dollar retainer makes liberals out of a lot of folks. Okay. You think you can do a better job on this case, be my guest. I need Darryl's files right away. He's due in court this afternoon. Fine, fine. As soon as I'm paid for expenses. I'm out of pocket on word processing, copying, telephone. If I thought you were refusing to turn over files... ...I'd have to report you to the Bar for violating rules of professional conduct. It's 3-700D1 . All right. Hey. You're a real ball-buster, lady. Is he available? -Go on in. -Here's the motion to suppress. -Good. So I'm off. -To? -Oxnard. Big trial. Cousin with the pizza franchise, charged with embezzlement. Oh, right. Right. One last question, the witness sequence. We talked about finishing with the circuit manager. -But she's a hostile witness. -Uh-huh. So I'm thinking it would be a stronger conclusion to have the minister go last. The speech impediment notwithstanding, he's a solid witness. We end with a crescendo of good feeling for my cousin. Dealer's choice, Arnold. You'll have to take the temperature of the courtroom. So, what you're saying is I gotta remember to be spontaneous. -Duly noted. -Knock, knock. Wish me luck. Good morning, Dave. That Nichols woman, she models, mostly car shows. The actor husband's not in SAG. Been married three years, sublet a condominium. Thirteen payments left on a '92 Caprice. Fifteen hundred in joint checking. Owe 4800 on credit cards. No other assets. He has one DUl. She's clean. People who'd like a payday. If Cross is buying her alibi, he's smart enough to bury it. I'll bet he was thrilled with that rock she was wearing at Parker Center yesterday. On Cross' visitors, only one besides you and his wife. His shrink, Dr. Graham Lester. Who prepared the rehab affidavit for Neil Avedon, which now I wonder about. -Small world. -And ugly. See if you can put Dr. Lester between Cross and Mrs. Nichols. Somehow Beverly doesn't seem the type to be seeking psychiatric aid. Maybe they met in a mall. I take it slow on Mulholland. Especially at night. It's windy, and sometimes kids drag race up there. How fast would you estimate you were going when the truck you described... ...pulled up behind you and flashed its lights? ...pulled up behind you and flashed its lights? Twenty-five. Thirty, maybe. -Did you pull over to let him pass? -There wasn't room to pull over. I hit the brakes a few times to get him to back off. He was practically in my trunk. -Did the truck back off? It seemed to make him angrier. That's when he started ramming my car. How many times did the truck strike you? Three, I think. Then he swerved around in front of me... ...and ran me off the road. Were you able to get a good look at the driver? When he pulled up alongside before cutting me off. Do you see that individual in this courtroom? Yes. It's the man sitting right over there. Let the record show the witness has indicated the defendant. Your witness. Had you ever seen Mr. Jackson prior to the incident you described? -No. -Have you seen him in the area since? No. When you filed a police report that night... ...you didn't give them a description of your assailant, did you? -No. -Not until three and a half days later? -Yes, that's right. -You didn't come forward for days... ...because you never got a good look at the driver, right? No. I was very upset. You wouldn't be thinking clearly if someone tried to kill you. You filed a civil case against Mr. Jackson, didn't you? -Objection, irrelevant. Your Honor... ...there is only one supposed eyewitness in this case. If she stands to benefit financially... ...it goes to the issue of her credibility and reason for fabricating this story. I'll allow it. How much money are you asking for? A hundred thousand. That doesn't include punitive damages... ...which my lawyer said I was entitled to for what I've been through. Without a conviction, your lawyer told you it would be... ...more difficult to recover money in the civil case, correct? He was the man driving the truck. Did your lawyer say it would be harder to recover damages without a conviction? Yeah. Are any of your neighbors of African-American descent? -Objection! -Counselor, let's not drag race into this. We believe race has played a significant factor in this man's prosecution. I disagree. But we live in sensitive times. So I'll admonish the jury and assure Mr. Jackson... ...his status would be no different if he were green, blue or purple. -Or even black. -The objection's sustained. No further questions. Well, as I read this police report, it would seem that... ...Mrs. Nichols' story checks out. You mean it's got a beginning, middle and an end? Detective Polson's emotionally invested. Roger, Miriam, I think you're objective enough to recognize... ...that the sole evidence you have against Cross... ...is a statement Neil Avedon gave Detective Polson... ...to get out from under a drug bust. I won't pursue just now how much of that statement... ...he was spoon-fed by parties unnamed. Come on, Hoffman. Why would Cross have lied if he didn't have something to hide? Mr. Cross was trying to protect Beverly Nichols from an abusive husband. And make the world safe for democracy. Bottom line, you have no case against Richard Cross. Whose Armani suits I needn't remind you have very deep pockets... ...if he were to pursue the fact that his civil rights may have been violated. There's no need for threats, Teddy. ln light of Mrs. Nichols coming forward with this information-- Don't do this to me. And my personal knowledge of Richard Cross as a man of probity... ...we're gonna dismiss the charges. Detective Polson, you'll see to Mr. Cross' release. Son of a bitch. Will you be filing a lawsuit against the police for false arrest? I harbor no ill will. I was confident my innocence would be proven and my name cleared. I'm thankful to my wife, Francesca, for standing by me as well as the others... ...especially my attorney, Ted Hoffman. Thank you very much. It's been a long ordeal, folks. All Mr. Cross wants to do now is go home. You okay? More or less. I'm worried sick about Beverly, though, what her husband might do. Well, Richard, these things have a way of working themselves out. From your lips to God's ears, Teddy. I am going to go and take the longest shower in recorded history. Seventy-two hours. Hell of a stretch of jail time. Well, I wouldn't recommend it. You learn a lot about yourself, though. -ls that so? -Mm-hm. What did you learn, Richard? I'm glad you're my friend, Teddy. Sergeant Campagna, how would you characterize Miss Spirakis'... ...deportment when taking her statement? Distracted, agitated, like someone in shock. ln your experience, is that uncommon for a person who's just been assaulted? No, her reaction seemed typical. When you take statements from crime victims... ...is it unusual for them to leave out important pieces of information? -Not at all. -Connie Spirakis isn't the first victim... ...in your experience who's come back after her initial statement... -...with additional information? -Happens all the time. When you took the defendant into custody... ...did Mr. Jackson come along peacefully? Anything but. It took two officers to subdue him. Nothing further, Your Honor. When Miss Spirakis filed her first police report, you asked for a description... -...of the other driver, correct? -Yes, I did. -She could not give you a description? -No. You've said she might have been in shock. Did you request medical attention for her? No. She hadn't sustained any injuries. Other than being shook up, she seemed basically okay. Did you request a car to drive her home because she was in shock? lt was a busy night. There'd been a gang shooting in the area. And she said she was able to drive. So she wasn't so distracted, agitated or shook up that you were concerned... ...about her ability to drive. Well, like I said, she seemed okay to drive. But not okay enough to describe her alleged assailant that evening? I guess not. You described damage to Miss Spirakis' car. Did you also inspect Mr. Jackson's truck? Yes, at the time he was taken into custody. What damage did you find? There's a heavy-duty bumper on the front of his truck... ...that's designed to sustain high impact. Officer, I asked if you observed any damage. With that bumper, there might not have been any. Was there damage or not? There didn't appear to be any damage to his vehicle. You testified that a partial plate number and description of the assailant... ...given to you by Miss Spirakis several days after the incident... ...led you to conclude that Mr. Jackson was the primary suspect. -ls that correct? -Yes. Did you interview Mr. Jackson, either by phone or in person... ...prior to taking him into custody? -No. -Why not? I was afraid he would try to avoid arrest. -Did Mr. Jackson have a criminal record? -No. Did you conclude he was the assailant because he's black? Was it his race that led you to conclude he may try to avoid arrest? Objection, irrelevant. Arrest procedures aren't on trial here. Why not? That cop knew my name was Darryl, but he called me Leroy. -Restrict yourself to the questions asked. -He put handcuffs on me. Do you think they'd cuff me if I looked like you? Calling me Leroy?! -Sit down and be quiet. -That got me here! You will not carry on and jump up and down in my court. You understand me? -Yeah, boss. -I apologize on behalf of my client... ...and I'd like a brief recess. -I know how frustrating this is for you. -No, you don't. I'm the one who's going to get convicted for something I didn't do. ls he right? Are they gonna convict him no matter what? No, they're not. If I could have put him on the stand... ...this would have been a ground ball. But you can't put him on now? The prosecution will provoke him. Get the jury thinking he is some angry black guy with a short temper... ...who might run somebody off the road. Talking about Leroy? Darryl, stop it. Your job is to decide whether it was Darryl Jackson behind the wheel... ...of the truck that ran Connie Spirakis off the road last April 7th. Whether it was Darryl Jackson who fled the scene. Not knowing whether he had injured or even killed his victim. Now, we witnessed his angry outburst here in this courtroom earlier. We saw him lose his temper. Just as he did that night up on Mulholland Drive. And there is Connie Spirakis' description of her assailant. Giving a word picture of the man charged with this crime. I ask you to consider the evidence before you... ...and find Darryl Jackson guilty as charged. Darryl Jackson has no criminal record. No history of violent behavior. ln fact, the only thing linking him to this crime... ...is a description Miss Spirakis gave police... ...three and a half days after the incident. An interval during which she could have seen Mr. Jackson driving... ...to the tutorial he teaches in her neighborhood on at least two occasions. But why would Connie Spirakis accuse an innocent man? Without a conviction, Miss Spirakis won't make any money in her civil case. The facts are ambiguous and uncertain. But there were no dents or scratches on Mr. Jackson's vehicle. And there was no description for three and a half days. All of which should raise reasonable doubt. All of which should raise reasonable doubt. Use your common sense and good judgment... ...and return a verdict of not guilty. -Neil Avedon. -We don't take his calls. He says it's urgent. He says he's desperate. Line three. What is it, Neil? On what basis? There's five different reasons I can't help you. All right, don't say anything to anyone. I'll be there in a little while. Cancel my afternoon. Jury's back. They were only out an hour. Is that a good or a bad sign? Let's go find out. "We, the jury in the above entitled action... ...find the defendant, Darryl Jackson, not guilty." Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you for your time and attention... ...and the exercise of your good citizenship. You're dismissed. Jury, this way, please. Mr. Jackson, I hope this is a lesson for you. Despite your allegations of mistreatment, the systems work. If the system worked, I wouldn't be here for a crime I didn't commit. Your Honor, I think our-- I wouldn't have been humiliated in front of my neighbors. I wouldn't have to pay every cent I saved to keep myself out of jail. Don't expect me to bow with gratitude because I only got half-screwed! Mr. Jackson, I'll require an immediate apology from you for the disrespect... ...you have shown this court. Darryl. -No. -Your Honor, may I approach? I don't need to hear from you. Mr. Jackson, what's it gonna be? I said all I had to say. I find you in contempt of this court and sentence you to county jail. -May I see you in chambers? We have nothing to discuss. -Court's adjourned. -How long will you hold him? As long as I can, counselor. Darryl, you can't win this. -I already won. I said my piece. -Don't do this to yourself. I did not do this. I got done to. What I did was stand up. I'll talk to the chief. See-- -Counselor. -What's your approach on the case? Anyone who's a client of mine gets charged with this murder? Can Avedon afford you? Or is he just picking up someone's soap? I assume you arrested him off something other than your own dimwit obsession. He left a pretty sticky deposit on that girl. Semen which you matched to what? See you in court, counselor. Man, Teddy. Am I glad you're here. Tell me what happened. The cops came to my house, they put me in handcuffs... ...and they said I was under arrest for killing Jessica. -They gave you your Miranda rights? -Yeah. Have they drawn blood? -No. They matched your DNA with ejaculate in her body. -Oh, man! -They must have gotten the report... ...we submitted last year in that paternity suit. Teddy, I swear to God, I didn't kill her. You gotta believe me. My believing you isn't relevant. Teddy, I had sex with her. That doesn't make me a murderer. I was out of there by midnight. Richard Cross showed up, we smoked a blunt together... ...and I went home and I crashed. You told all this to Polson in the interview after the drug bust? Except for me and Jess getting it on. Look, I didn't know she was only 15. And when he told me that, I kind of freaked out. That lie's what's biting you in the ass now, Neil. With the semen match and your holding back on Polson earlier... ...it looks to him like you're hip-deep in a rape homicide. Help me, Teddy. I have been trying to tell you, Neil. I cannot represent you. Look, I am begging you. I know I've been a jerk in the past, I know I owe you money. But don't let them hang this on me, Teddy. It's not the money or the jerk you've been. Or even whether I believe you're innocent. -Come on. I represent Richard Cross. I can't defend you without creating a conflict of interest... ...between you and Richard. Don't go legal on me here, Ted! -These aren't nuisance technicalities. -Look... ...another lawyer takes this case and he biffs it because he's not as good? I'm the guy dead, Ted. I am the guy dead. Teddy, please. Please? I can't. I'm sorry. I'll get you the best representation I can. I am not a killer, man. Let me get rolling on this. I'll be in touch. Darryl, this is my boss, Ted Hoffman. We met last Christmas at the office party. The judge is adamant about not reviewing his ruling without an apology. Then I guess I'll be in here a while. I'm not backing down. -Your choice. But before you make it... ...think about Lila for a moment. She's been there for you this whole time. She's worried sick about you. Well, this isn't about Lila. All I did in that courtroom was tell the truth. But I guess that's a crime under our system of justice. Not exactly a revelation that people who are poor, non-white... ...not powerful, very often come out on the short end of the stick. But is your copping an attitude gonna change anything? -Not one bit. -What about his attitude? Maybe he won't call me a nigger to my face, but this judge is a racist. -You're a teacher, right? -Yeah. You like what you do? Feel you're accomplishing something teaching kids? -What's your point? -Whatever's wrong with the system... ...you've managed to carve out a world that makes sense... ...not only to you, but to a lot of other people. Yeah, and does any of that matter to the cops or the prosecution or this judge? lt matters to you and Lila and your students. Apparently it mattered to those jurors, as well. I'd urge you to do what you have to do in that courtroom... ...to get back to the world you can control. The one you've made through your own accomplishment and hard work. Ms. Appleton. -We appreciate you taking the time... ...to review this matter. With your permission, Mr. Jackson would like to address the court. Your Honor, I apologize for my behavior yesterday. The stress of the trial did cloud my better judgment. I say this not as an excuse, only to make my actions understandable. If race was a factor in the charges against me, as I believe it was... ...then I was vindicated by a fair-minded jury and an impartial judge. I came here seeking justice. I got it. But I couldn't take yes for an answer. I am sorry. The court accepts your apology, Mr. Jackson. Because you've shown remorse for your actions and deference to this bench... ...your sentence is hereby commuted to time served. Young man, I hope you realize that the tolerance you enjoyed in this courtroom... ...is what makes this great country and our system of justice... ...the envy of every nation on Earth. I hear what you're saying, Your Honor. I hope you'll put this episode behind you and get on with your life. Good luck. Hope nobody got any of that on their shoes. But let me say something I do mean. -Thank you. For everything. -Just doing my job. Listen, I know you've put in a lot of time on this. What do we owe you? Family discount. You've got a wedding to cover. Then you'd better promise to come. Wouldn't miss it. I talked to Leonard Greer, Teddy. The studio will pay his fee. -The fee is not the problem. -What's the problem, Gary? Well, the problem, Teddy, is Deadbolt. It's a $70-million picture, not counting the effects bill from ILM. Neil Avedon, as perhaps you've read in the periodicals... ...is the star of Deadbolt. -Greer is fine. -Greer is not Hoffman. Do you have any idea what will happen if this kid's convicted? Deadbolt can get in line behind lshtar, Hudson Hawk an8 Howard the Duck. Teddy. Richard. -Gary. -How are you? -Sit. I'm sorry I missed your premiere of rhree-rime Mary, but I was in jail. Yes, that's how I felt at two hours and forty-seven minutes for a comedy. You know what I daydreamed of the whole time I was locked up? The crab cakes here. Yes. Did he say why he's refusing to come to the set? Oh, please! If you'll excuse me a minute, I have to arbitrate a trailer problem. -Good to see you out and about, Richard. -Nice to be out and about, thank you. So, life getting back to normal? Francesca and I have a few things to sort out. -I hope that happens. -Thank you. So I understand Neil Avedon asked you to represent him. Richard, I'm not comfortable discussing this. And I understand you declined. And I understand you declined. Did you understand when I said I'm not comfortable discussing it? You turn him down because of me? I'm not representing Neil Avedon... ...and that's all the information I intend to disclose. Look, Teddy, I've known this kid for years, okay? He's a bad boy. There's no doubt about it. But he did not kill that girl. If he doesn't walk away clean from this, his career is over. And I don't want to see that happen. Now, if I have to sign off on any potential conflict... ...or waive my attorney-client privilege to get you to represent him, I will do that. Richard, if I represent Neil Avedon... ...my obligation as his attorney would require me to use... ...every bit of information I know to suggest you as the murderer. I know what it feels like to be falsely accused. I cannot deprive Neil Avedon of the best representation available. And that's you. Will you at least think it over? Can I count on you to do that? I'll think about it. All right. Thanks, Teddy. -Arnold, you're back. How'd it go? -Acquittal on all counts. -Congratulations. -It's small potatoes really. But they won't forget my name up there any time soon. I was awesome. And a lot more spontaneous than I had planned. Your calls. Dave Blalock's waiting in your office. Thanks, Louis. Cross said he'd waive any conflict. He wants me to represent Avedon. Complicated man. Davey... ...if I was making book... ...I'd make it 3-1 Avedon didn't kill that girl. If he was guilty, you wouldn't think he'd have said he was at the apartment... ...just to get out from under a drug bust. If Cross did it... ...why does he want me on the case? Because he likes playing with fire, and you're the hottest guy in town. If he didn't do it, then it makes more sense. Take a ride with me to Parker Center. We're gonna represent this kid. -The allegations against Avedon aren't worth commenting on... ...except to say that they're ludicrous as they are unfounded. Deadbolt has been Rerated for violence. Is life imitating art? This is a mistake. You have a police department out of control... ...trying to solve this like it's multiple choice. My client just happens to be the latest scapegoat. Is he despondent? Not at all. How was your day? How was my day? Well, Lizzie didn't have any cavities. Dr. Mestman said she'd probably need braces in a couple years. Then Hector called and said he couldn't trim the Eugenia this week either. He's run out of sick relatives, so we're back to... ..."my truck broke down" as the excuse. I think it's time to find another gardener. There's lamb stew in the oven. And the Robinsons invited us up to Ojai this weekend. And the Robinsons invited us up to Ojai this weekend. So is this how we're going to handle things, just not talk about it? This is how I want to handle it. I don't want this case and everything that comes with it in our home. Fine. I'm not naive, Teddy. But a case like this one, with all the theatrics and media hoopla... ...it's not about getting to the truth, it's show business. Crime as entertainment. Everybody's a celebrity. Lawyers, witnesses, jurors. And the whole idea of justice goes right out the window. I'd like to think the basics haven't changed. It's still about presenting your case in the courtroom... ...and letting the jury decide. Mommy, Jackie invited me to sleep over on Friday. Can l? I thought she was your archenemy. Not anymore. Because Daddy's Neil Avedon's lawyer. And Jackie wants his autograph. -Hi, Lizzie. -Hi. Hello? -How was school today? -Good. -Good. Are you hungry? -Just a minute. It's Ricky Philbrick? Ricky Philbrick is calling me? He's such a babe. I'll take this in my room. I'm gonna be the most popular kid in school. I rest my case, counselor. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 