Murder One: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e8 - Chapter Eight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 8 - Chapter Eight - full transcript 
 Julie meets another of Dr. Lester's female patients. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's a leak in this office, and I want to know who it is. Neil confessed to killing Jessica. I'll rot in jail before I'll testify to any of this, Mr. Hoffman. Did you or did you not confess to him that you killed Jessica? Teddy, I don't know. She's the night nurse at lephyr House. She logged a call from Neil at 1 :45 a.m. the night of the murder... ...from Julie Costello's apartment. That's two hours after he said he left. Who told you the results of our jury survey? You know I can't answer that. If I've got a traitor working for me, I'd like to know. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You'll never guess who I saw... ...coming out of Connie Dahlgren's apartment at 7:OO this morning... ...with wet hair, no less. An attorney's fundamental duty is to his client. You've jeopardized your own career before it's even begun. Who is it, Julie? Who is it in your dream? Graham... ...Lester. Couldn't we just let it ring? Hello? All right. All right. Calm down, Richard. Was she hurt? As soon as I can. Yes. Julie Costello was in a car accident. The police have her out in Van Nuys. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm told all she had was a couple of glasses of wine. -What was her blood alcohol level? -Point-o-five. It's a low blow for the Breathalyzer, but her pupils weren't dilating. The drug-recognition expert will be here in a minute. I'd like him to look. Be that as it may, we posted bail, so she's free to go, correct? Be that as it may, we posted bail, so she's free to go, correct? Not until we're done processing her. You may want to check with your watch commander. He told me a few minutes ago that she'd been cleared for release. Sir, we've got a Julie Costello in custody on a DUl. Her attorney's-- Yes, sir. I wasn't aware of that. Yes, sir, I understand. Let me check on her. I thought Graham Lester was dialing back her drugs. Yes, he has been. The alcohol must have amplified the effects of the medication. Mea culpa, Teddy. If I'd known she was gonna drive... ...l would have hidden the keys. Believe me. -How's the kid on the motorcycle? -Oh, he's fine, just a few scrapes. Fortunately, Julie just clipped him. So I should just be in civil court for the next five or 10 years. But what's money as long as everybody's okay? Richard, I am so sorry. Get her our of here, Richard. Fast. -Your poor car. -It's okay. Don't worry about it, honey. -It's okay. -And, Teddy, it's so late... ...and you came all the way to Van Nuys. Can you ever forgive me? Not to worry. Let's just get you home. Wait, I can't forget my personal effects. My rings and stuff. -Do I need to sign something? Here. Am I going to lose my license because of this? Don't worry about it, sweetheart. Teddy will take care of everything. Let's go. I don't know what I'd do without you, Teddy. I really don't. Good night. For the hell of it, I've been doing more digging... ...into that 1992 wrongful-death investigation... ...Rusty Arnold was involved in at lephyr House. Don't get too hopeful. We've been all over that. Graham Lester managed to disinfect himself pretty good. Yeah, well, check this out. A Stephanie Lambert... ...she was in rehab at the time for heroin addiction. She told one of the investigating officers she thought Lester had drugged... ...and raped her on numerous occasions while she was in treatment. The case never made. There was no evidence... ...and the girl couldn't be sure whether or not it was a dream. The same bad dream Julie's been having. That's why I thought you might be interested. -Where's this woman now? Silver Lake. I talked to her on the phone, but she wasn't forthcoming. I explained I wasn't a cop, but she didn't want to hear it. If she'd talk to Julie, it might drive a wedge... ...between her and her shrink. ...between her and her shrink. Do you want me to take a run at her? She might talk to a woman. Be my guest. I'll give you her name and number. Anything new on Lester's nurse? Only wrong thing about her is the building manager... ...thinks she's got a cat. There are no pets allowed. -I'm still working on her TRW. Thanks, Ray. Good work. This Graham Lester's got some weird lizards living in his head. Yeah. Morning. Morning. First order of business. Our jury consultant, Margaret Stratton, is leaving for medical reasons. Nothing serious, thankfully. Her partner Lorraine Vitale... ...will be coming on board this afternoon, so introduce yourselves. And Julie Costello's a client again. She wrecked Richard Cross' Rolls last night. -ls she all right? She wasn't hurt. She was charged with DUl, reckless driving, driving without a license. Justine, I want you to handle this. Arraignment's next week. I'll find out who the deputy DA is, see what I can work out. -It's one thing after another. -Don't get me started. Conformed copies of our motion in limine. One for the nurse. One for Dr. Lester and his medical records. If we win, won't Grasso file a motion to preserve the records? Great. We want to see those records too. Anything else? We're meeting with the judge today on George Lerman. All this over a dog. Surely this case could be plea-bargained. Sorry to interrupt. Breaking news on Neil Avedon. ln a sworn affidavit. the teenage girl says the man... ...seen in the poor-quality video is Hollywood's baddest bad boy... ...Meil Avedon. with whom she spent a nightmarish evening... ...of sex. drugs and videotape in the bungalow of a posh Beverly Hills hotel. The affidavit goes on to say that the girl. quote. "feared for her life"... ...when the film star tried to strangle her during their lovemaking. Meil Avedon is charged in the sex slaying of 15-year-old Jessica Costello. It's amazing this kid finds time between these performances to act. Assuming that's really Neil. Whether it is him or not, this is one more thing we have to explain away. -What makes people do that? Hormones could play a part. I'll give Connie a call. I'll give Connie a call. Have Ray Velacek find out whatever he can about the girl. After seeing that, there's not a whole lot we don't already know. You're kicking up a lot of dust over this, aren't you, Ms. Booth? Your Honor, this man pounded on Mr. Pine's front door... ...then punched him in the nose, breaking it and causing facial bruising. The defense would maintain there was more than ample provocation. Reducing the charge to a misdemeanor... ...and having my client pay a fine is appropriate... ...rather than consuming the court's time with a trial. -Talk to me, counsel. -I'm not willing to knock it down. This is a serious offense. -Lillian. Yes? Send in Mr. Lerman and Mr. Pine. This is a dispute between neighbors, counselors. A little communication, and we should be able to save ourselves a trial. Forget about it. I was assaulted. I'm not willing to pretend that didn't happen. Mr. Lerman, is there anything you could offer up by way of compensation... ...that might induce Mr. Pine to feel he has received redress... ...outside the criminal court system? You want me to pay him? Is that what you suggest? -Something akin to that. -Ah. Well, how can I put this. I'd rather be thrown out that window... ...and impaled on an iron fence than pay this guy one dime. Mr. Lerman, understand something. As of right now, you're charged with a felony. If convicted, there's a chance you will go to prison. What I'm trying to do is spare you that. -Why should he be spared? -Leonard. Why should you be spared? Thunder wasn't spared. Thunder lives every day of his life with the consequences of what you did. -Thunder is disabled because of you. -I did what I did with a clear conscience. lt was an act of self-preservation. I would do it again. Have you heard the expression "never again," my friend? Have you heard that expression? Well, hear it now. Never again. The next time, I'll be waiting for you with a gun. Stop. Ms. Booth, Ms. Gillespie, you're ready to proceed? -Yes, Your Honor. Two o'clock this afternoon. I'll see you in court. Don't-- I wasn't. -You were looking. guys. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw you looking at me. That video was totally bogus, Teddy. Believe me. And this isn't a case of me not remembering. I do believe you. This has felt like a scam from the jump. Trials like this bring the wackos out of the woodwork. Yeah, well, I'm getting eating alive, okay? I'm in the supermarket, and this woman scoops up her kid... ...when she sees me coming, like I'm some kind of fiend. I gotta do something, Ted. Don't go to the supermarket. You put yourself out in the public eye... ...people are gonna do things, say things. That's the reality. Maybe there's another way of coming at this than just laying low. -What would you suggest? Meet this head-on. Neil's publicist got a call from Felicia Norell. -No interviews. This is not an interview. This is Felicia Norell. This is a blue-chip opportunity for Neil to tell his side of the story. I'm sure the timing of this has nothing to do with the fact your picture's opening. The welfare of my friend is my only priority here. But let me say, we have been previewing Deadbolt in a few key markets. You should see what the audience cards are saying. Listen to me, Neil. There's a perception in your business that any ink is good ink. That's not the case in a murder trial. We're at war for the hearts and minds of the jury. You say the wrong thing in an interview... ...or the questions themselves seem suspicious... ...that jury could decide they don't like you... ...or they don't trust you. lt could cost you your life. I hear what you're saying, Teddy... ...and I know you're looking out for my best interest. Would you at lest talk to these people, explore the possibilities? You're my client. I'll talk to anyone you want. That a way, Ted. Before I'd consider signing off on such a thing... ...l would have to satisfy myself in a couple areas. One, that there's sufficient reason to warrant taking this kind of risk. And two, that the network agrees to terms and conditions I can live with. I don't like what I'm hearing, no interview. Which is why we are coming to you to be the rabbi here. Neil, I need your authority to say "no. " No end runs around me to your agent or any of your other representatives. No end runs around me to your agent or any of your other representatives. -You're the boss. This is why you're a star, Ted. You're tough, but you're not afraid to look past... ...your own point of view to see the bigger picture. If you ever decide you want to run a studio.... Put the bullet right here. Whatever Neil Avedon said to his psychiatrist the night in question... Whatever Neil Avedon said to his psychiatrist the night in question... ...falls under the doctor-patient privilege. The defendant relinquished that privilege, Your Honor. Mr. Docknovich argued for bail based upon the defendant's mental health... ...or, rather, lack thereof. It's well settled that once mental health is at issue... ...the privilege can no longer be used as a shield. The people have correctly stated the law, but applied it improperly. An argument at bail neither presents testimony nor introduces evidence. We can all argue Darcy's Hornbook, or even legislative intent... ...but the fact is that the defendant's mental health is on the record... ...and the defense put it there. Now they wanna pull it back to suit their needs. The people argue they shouldn't be able to have it both ways. I find the privilege too compelling to set aside. Mr. Hoffman, I'm granting your motion vis-à-vis Dr. Lester. I'm not sure about the nurse. It seems to me if Susan Dominick... ...has testimony that doesn't go to the defendant's medical records... ...or statements, it may be admissible. Ms. Dominick received a telephone call from the defendant... ...who was at the apartment of the victim... ...two hours after he told the police he'd left. We have the phone company records supporting it. Hearsay. A hundred different men could have placed that call... ...and said they were Neil Avedon. She'll testify that she knows and recognized his voice. Ms. Dominick also observed the arrival of the defendant... ...at lephyr House 30 minutes after that call. She's a percipient witness... ...to non-privileged communication and conduct. There's no proof such an event took place... ...but arguing hypothetically, if it did, Neil was visiting his psychiatrist... ...and the privilege extends to any employee... ...who might have signed him in, including Dominick. The defense is trying to use privilege as a smoke screen. Ms. Dominick saw Neil Avedon arrive at lephyr House... ...at approximately 2:15 a.m. She noted his affect. He was distraught. He asked to see Dr. Lester, and she escorted him to his office. These are the objective facts and should be admitted into evidence. I'm going to allow Ms. Dominick's testimony... ...as it relates to seeing the defendant at lephyr House. I'm also going to allow her to testify as to the identity... ...of the person she spoke with on the phone. With all due respect-- Whether she can identify Mr. Avedon from his voice, counsel... ...is what cross-examination is for. As for the people's motion for discovery, denied. Dr. Lester's notes and records on Mr. Avedon are protected... ...along with any testimony the doctor himself may make... ...going to the substance of his meeting with Mr. Avedon. Your Honor, the people move that Dr. Lester's records... ...be removed to this court to prevent any alteration or destruction. Does defense have a problem with that? Yes, Your Honor. These records belong to Mr. Avedon. Dr. Lester should be ordered to turn over these records... ...to my office for safekeeping. I think not, Mr. Hoffman. Dr. Lester, can you accommodate the court? Certainly, Your Honor. Counsel, you will accompany your client to his office, secure the records... ...and deposit them with this court tomorrow morning. We are adjourned. Mr. Hoffman, why was this a closed hearing? The judge closed the hearing for good reason. That's all I can say. There's a story that the film is a fake. This isn't a news bulletin. I said earlier the tape was a phony. Now maybe you'll believe me. This is just another example of rumor and innuendo being reported as fact. It's this climate of irresponsible journalism... ...that could make it difficult for my client to receive a fair trial. Thank you. All pretrial motions are being considered. Thank you very much. Artie Sneller. who produced the X-rated film Hose Monkeys... ...footage of which was used in the apparent hoax... ...held a press conference earlier today and had this to say: I got a late-breaking bulletin for whoever ripped off our footage. We're coming after you. pal. My attorneys. as we speak. are bringing suit against Deadline: America... ...and Connie Dahlgren for misrepresenting our work. Hey. you don't rip off Schindler's List... ...and you don't rip off Hose Monkeys. ln other news-- It's about time Neil got a win. Connie Dahlgren's credibility may be impeached... -...but don't count on it helping Neil. -Why not? Even though it's been refuted... ...the negative association's been made in people's minds. Our raw data says as much. Anything in your data that indicates there would be an upside... ...to Neil doing an interview with Felicia Norell tomorrow? A venue like that puts him in America's living room... ...with one of the most respected women alive. The visual association alone with Felicia Norell helps humanize him. He's charming, charismatic, knows how to play the camera. When he's acting. This is the real deal, live, no take two. What's the downside? Even if he says the right things, he'll be under a microscope. Everybody's going to be Iooking for guilt... ...in his body language, his eyes, his affect. People tend to believe their televisions tell them the truth. If he comes off badly.... Let's see how our meeting with the network goes. Describe for us, if you will, Mr. Pine, the events of June 10th, 1995. My wife and my son were out of town visiting my wife's parents. I was in the den assembling a model airplane. If memory serves me, I believe it was a B-52 Stratofortress. The doorbell rang, I answered the door, and the defendant, that guy over there... ...George Lerman, attacked me. What reason did he give for doing so? He was angry over what I had done to his dog. Was this the first time that his dog was a source of conflict between you? The first time? No. This wasn't the first time. His dog was a source of conflict from the day we moved into that house. What was the nature of the conflict? The dog barked... ...every hour of every day of every week for over a year. -Not true. It isn't true? -Mr. Lerman. -I'm at home all the time. He barks at squirrels. He barks at birds. -Oh, please. -Gentlemen, that's enough. He even barks at his own reflection. Did you ever speak to Mr. Lerman about it? Many times. His one concession to me was to buy the dog an electronic collar. lt turned out the dog liked the electronic collar. lt liked getting an electric charge every time it barked. It was fun for him. lt liked getting an electric charge every time it barked. It was fun for him. lnstead of simply hearing incessant barking... ...l now heard barking alternating with beeping. Bark, beep, bark, beep, bark, beep, bark, beep. But the defendant did take steps to try and remedy the situation. His steps were half-hearted, at best. The truth is he was sneering at me. The last straw was when his dog leapt the fence... ...and threw a hump into my schnauzer. I had to turn the hose on him. It was only then that I finally acted... ...reclaiming my little corner of the universe from that dog monster... ...that had come to torment my every moment. -Oh, you believe this jerk? Come on. -George. I have no further questions. Stephanie? I almost didn't come. -I don't like this place. -We can go somewhere else if you want. -Coffee? -Uh-uh. I appreciate your coming. I know it wasn't easy for you. Like I said, I'm not saying anything on the record. -You don't have to. Okay. Fine. What do you want? I have a friend. She's 25 years old. She's a patient of Graham Lester's. I'd like you to talk to her. No way. He's doing the same thing to her he did to you. Well, she has my sympathies. The only advice I can give her is run like hell. Because if she tries to do anything, no one will believe her. Just like nobody believed me. As of now, she doesn't believe it herself. ls he with you? -No. -Why is he looking over here? -I'm asking you for your help. -Where was help when I needed it, huh? I talked to detectives. I talked to rape crisis intervention officers. I talked to people from the DA's office. And nobody did a damn thing. Not to help me, not to stop him. If justice wasn't served, don't make other women pay the price for that. At the very least, you can deprive Graham Lester of another victim... ...and maybe somebody will believe her. And maybe he'll finally get what's coming to him. If there was any justice... ...Graham Lester's balls would be nailed to the front door of his clinic. Then give me a nail. I haven't seen the network this excited... ...since Felicia interviewed John Wayne Gacy. You understand this is by no means a fait accompli. That's why we're here, to make it happen. Let's talk about the rules. We want the segment taped in advance... ...with editorial control to reside with Neil and myself. -You're joking. -Do you hear a laugh track? It's never been the policy of the news division to cede editorial control. -Change your policy. First of all, Teddy... ...there's no editorial control. Felicia works live. Which means Neil can't get up and walk away if he's sandbagged. Teddy, this isn't gonna be adversarial. Felicia Norell didn't get where she is by throwing hanging curve balls. If this has to be live, we have to agree in advance to the questions she can ask. These interviews aren't scripted. Felicia lets conversations unfold as conversations do. Then we're done here. The receptionist will validate your parking. Hold it. The network wants to make this work. What can we do to make Neil comfortable? No questions about the crime. Period. That could have a pretty broad interpretation. The broadest possible. Felicia has to ask what's on everyone's mind. If the public senses there's some sort of conspiracy to avoid this issue... ...they'll tune out in droves. Your ratings aren't my concern. At the very least, people are gonna want to hear what it's like... ...to face these charges, what it does to someone's life. And if they're like me and they think Neil is innocent... ...that engenders a lot of sympathy. I don't have a problem with Neil talking about his feelings. But I don't want him being asked about... ...his whereabouts the day of the murder. -Fine. -No questions about his prior arrests. -His arrests are public record. But not admissible in court. So he doesn't need 20 million people... ...hearing a litany of every screwup he's ever made. All right. No specific questions about his criminal record. What else? All right. No specific questions about his criminal record. What else? No discussions about his relationship to the victim... ...his statements to police, his preparations for trial... ...whether or not he'll testify, what his testimony might be. And I want it in writing. I guess we can live with that. At the end of the day, what assurances do I really have... ...that any of these terms will be adhered to? I like to think my word, Felicia's good intentions... ...and the good faith of the entire network mean something, Ted. I like to think the meek will inherit the Earth. So how'd we do? You got me covered 16 ways till Sunday. I got you a piece of paper with some assurances written on it. That's all it is. Neil, I'm asking you not to do this interview. You're really looking out for me, Teddy. I can't tell you how much this means to me. But I'm doing this interview. It's my decision. I'll take the consequences. Describe for us the history of your dealings... ...with the plaintiff prior to June 5th, 1995. He bought the house next door to me a year and a half ago. I had been there 11 years at that point. One day he comes to me and says my dog's barking is irritating him. The dog is a little high-strung, I'll grant that. I tried to correct the situation as much as possible. I started keeping the dog inside. Did that serve to satisfy Mr. Pine? No. He complained that he could also hear barking when the dog was inside. Did you take further steps towards correcting the situation? -I bought an electronic collar. -Bark, beep, bark, beep-- That's enough of that, Mr. Pine. I paid for sessions with a dog trainer. Whatever I could do, I did. Where were you the week of June 5, 1995, Mr. Lerman? I was attending a trade show in Miami. Would you tell the court what you discovered... ...upon your return from that trip? That my dog was different. That he didn't come running to greet me. That he didn't jump up and put his paws around me. That he wouldn't face me. Suddenly he was self-conscious. Your Honor, we would like to introduce defense exhibit A. -ls this your dog, Mr. Lerman? -Yes, it is. -Can you cause your dog to bark? -I can cause my dog to attempt to bark. Would you please do so? Speak, Thunder. Come on, boy. Speak for Daddy. Come on. Come on. Come on. Thank you, Mr. Lerman. What did you do when you found your dog was unable to bark? I took him to the vet. I was informed that his vocal cords had been surgically altered. What did you do upon returning from the vet? I went to Mr. Pine. I asked him if he had done this. He told me that he had. He was proud of himself, this psychopath. -I'm the psychopath? Leonard. You force an entire community to endure the ceaseless barking of your dog... -...and I'm the psychopath? -Mr. Pine. Nobody complained but you, though. Why is that, I wonder? Both of you, stop this colloquy right now. Thunder, Thunder, Thunder... ...look at what this evil little turd has done to you. I have no further questions, Your Honor. A somewhat humbled Connie Dahlgren is here to see you. Show her in. Stephanie Lambert just called. She's agreed to come and meet with Julie. Thanks, Justine. Truce? -I didn't know we were at war. -Teddy, you gave as good as you got. -I don't quite follow. -Come on, I'm not wearing a wire. Search me if you'd like. You're incorrect if you think I had anything to do with that video. You have the most remarkable ability to be sincere... ...whether you mean it or not. Whatever the circumstances, when Sydney gave me that tape... ...l made the mistake of taking it at face value. Serves me right. -I should've been more thorough. -That's not like you, Connie. I know. But the dear boy was so eager to please, and so young. And so grateful. Now that the score's even, can we go back to the mutually beneficial... ...relationship we've always enjoyed? Nothing would please me more. -No hard feelings? -None. I'm glad we had this chance to clear the air. I'm glad we had this chance to clear the air. But answer me one question, Teddy. That film, Hose Monkeys... ...was that part of your private collection? If I told you, it wouldn't be private, would it? You pulled that stunt with Connie Dahlgren. Yep. After what she did to me and the damage I caused the Avedon case... ...l had to do something to discredit her. And to be honest, Mr. Hoffman, the revenge was pretty sweet. -How'd you dummy the video? -By bleeding the color... ...and re-recording it a bunch of times to degrade the quality. And I kept a copy of the phony affidavit for you. It's pretty convincing. -You're fired, effective immediately. -Why? You didn't learn from your last mistake. I don't understand. I thought you'd be grateful. Because you tried to settle accounts through trickery? Did you hear a word I said in our conversation last week? Yeah, you said, "With failure comes opportunity." And I saw an opportunity, and I went for it. You're smart, cunning and underhanded, Sydney. Qualities that, in all likelihood, will make you very successful. But not in this firm. -But all I did was-- -What you did was lie. There are too many people as it is bending and twisting legal ethics... ...to suit their own needs without you joining their ranks. When the dean of your law school gets my evaluation... ...of your performance during this internship... ...maybe he'll take a more lenient view... ...but I doubt it. You tell me what it is I did that's so wrong. That you have to ask makes my point. Louis will pack your things and send them along with your final check. Goodbye. When Sydney's the biggest agent in Hollywood... ...you can say you knew him when. Julie, say hello to Stephanie Lambert. -Hi. Have a seat. ls this about my car accident? Justine has that under control. This is about Graham Lester. Oh, he told me not to drink alcohol with that prescription. lt was printed on the bottle, but I didn't listen. lt was totally my fault. That's not why we asked you to come here. Do you remember telling me about dreams you'd been having... ...about Dr. Lester forcing you to have sex with him? Stephanie was a patient at Dr. Lester's too. Does Richard know you called me in here to talk about this? -Does it matter? -I don't wanna have this conversation. I think you should. I don't even know this person. You don't have to say anything. All we're asking you to do is listen. I know what you've been through... ...and I know what you're going through now. What are you talking about? I'm talking about when it's real shaky... ...and you're not sure if you're gonna make it. And he's there, asking you to trust him... ...because he's the doctor and he can make it okay. And he does make it okay. He shows you that he's not scared... ...and you don't have to be scared, either. Graham Lester was the one thing that I could hold on to. And I held on tight. So when he came into my bed... ...l tried to block it out. I couldn't... ...allow myself to think he'd do something like that to me. He was my lifeline. I couldn't cut him loose. I knew that if I did, I would die. That's how important I'd let him become. But I wasn't crazy... ...and that whole sick... ...little ceremony that went on every night... ...wasn't some bad dream that's a normal part of therapy... ...like he kept saying it was. The nurse coming in, giving me my shot... ...him there... ...watching me, touching me... ...pulling up my nightgown... ...forcing himself on me. And I'd try to say something... ...cover myself up, push him away... ...but I couldn't. I had to lie there for however long it took him. His sweat dripping all over me. And then he'd make his awful little noise... ...and go away. My body couldn't feel anything, but I knew exactly what was happening. Just like you knew. I was always afraid that in one of my dreams he'd want to kiss me. That would only make it worse. -He never did. No. At least he never did that. Ladies and gentlemen, before I render my decision... ...l want to make note of one essential fact. The only true victim in this case is the animal in question. lts owner didn't train or control it properly. ln response, Mr. Pine subjected it to needless surgery, damaging it. ln response to that, the defendant resorted to physical violence. Shame on the both of you. I find the defendant guilty on the charge of battery. As to sentencing, given the fact that I believe that there was provocation... ...and that the defendant's actions took place in the heat of the moment... ...I'm sentencing him to only five days in the county jail... ...and 500 hours of community service... ...to be performed at the West Los Angeles Animal Shelter. -We're done. -He plagues my life for a year... ...he physically brutalizes me in my home... ...you give him five lousy days in jail and say, "We're done"? Be careful, Mr. Pine, or you'll find out just how long five days can be. Yeah, in dog years it's three stinking hours. I'm warning both of you. Cease this outburst now. I love the idea that you put him to work in an animal shelter. I think that's most appropriate. Maybe you could put Charlie Manson... ...on early work release so he could be a Big Brother. -Just sit down. One more word... ...and I am holding you in contempt. If I may, Your Honor, I feel sufficiently aggrieved by the outcome of this case... ...to say that contempt for both you and the criminal justice system in general... ...is a pretty fair summation of the way I feel. All right, Mr. Pine, I find you in direct contempt of this court. Bailiffs, remand both these gentlemen into custody. They are both to serve five days in county jail. And if I had my wish, they would serve those five days in the same cell. Now we're done. You're due at the studio in half an hour. Neil will meet you there. There's a drive-on for you at the Madison gate. Richard Cross is outside. He needs a minute of your time. I'll bet. Show him in. Teddy. Richard. So Julie told me about these dreams she's been having... ...and this meeting with this Stephanie person. Can any of this be true, or...? The stories these two women tell are too similar to ignore. Well, then... ...l don't know what to think. I've known Graham Lester for years. He's a friend. Or was. But, I mean, I cannot allow Julie to continue treatment with this man... ...not under a cloud like this. lt probably would be ill-advised. I want you to know that whatever my past relationship with Graham Lester... ...I'm gonna jump into this thing with both feet. If any of this happened, or if he so much as laid a hand on Julie... ...l will see to it that his license is revoked and he is put behind bars. To that end, tell your investigator that my resources are at his disposal. This really is a police matter, Richard. This really is a police matter, Richard. If there's any information Julie can provide... ...she should talk to law enforcement. Graham Lester was Jessica's psychiatrist too. So I have to ask the question... ...if he did do these things... ...if he was involved in the girl's death at lephyr House... ...do you think it's possible that he... ...killed Jessica? Anything's possible. Wish Neil good luck for me tonight. I'll be watching. Let's talk about your new movie. Great. You should go see it. It's called Deadbolt. -It's my first feature. -Uh-huh. Coming to a theater near you. You've lived a charmed life, Neil. You've had your own series... ...become a star, now you're embarking upon a film career... ...and suddenly you're in the middle of a nightmare. -Yeah. -I think everyone understands... ...that with your trial coming up there's a lot you can't talk about. -That's true. -What do you say to the people... ...who have tuned into this show who want to know who Neil Avedon is? The worst thing that's happened isn't being accused of something I didn't do. lt was losing someone that I loved. I'd give my life right now if it would bring her back. For whatever reason, I have to live through being accused of killing her. What I have to do now is convince the world that I'm innocent. And I guess that's who Neil Avedon is right now. And I guess that's who Neil Avedon is right now. Why do you suppose this is happening? I thought God was punishing me. For? -All the bad things I have done in my life. You've acknowledged publicly that for the first time... ...since you were 14 years old, you're sober. Yeah. I just got my 30-day chip. ls that one of the lessons you needed to learn? -That there's life after drugs and alcohol? -Absolutely. And until you figure that out, you can't learn anything else. Talk about what it was like to be in jail. Well, it was terrifying. The smell, the noise. It's never quiet in jail. And suddenly all the fame and the money and the women... ...none of that stuff means anything. The truth is none of that means anything outside, either. -Another lesson? -Big lesson. One word to describe what a typical day is for you right now. Simpler, by a lot. I live in a guest house away from the city. I run every day, go to my meetings, read. I keep to myself mostly. -Are you lonely? -No. I mean, you'd think after all these years of never going anywhere... ...without at least six people coming along, I would be. But I've discovered this weird new experience. Peace and quiet. Anyone special in your life at the moment? Yeah. -Anyone we know? -No, she's not in the business. She's shy... ...and I'm in love with her. What's her name? Not telling. Are you worried about what this could do to your career? My career? Do I want to be able to continue working as an actor? You bet. I love what I do. But do I worry that all of this will keep me from becoming a movie star? That doesn't seem quite so important anymore. We did a telephone survey right before we went on the air... ...and the majority of the people we spoke to think you're guilty. Because they only heard one side. I've been on trial in the press for months... ...with people saying all kinds of things about me that aren't true. The reason why I wanted to do this interview... ...was so people could get to know me... ...and see that I don't have horns on my head. Let's talk for a moment about what is true. You've admitted you don't remember strangling Melissa Griotte in that video. -That's a matter of record, isn't it? Yeah. And the reason you don't remember is because you've been experiencing... ...blackouts from using drugs and alcohol, right? Felicia, we're getting into an area I really can't talk about. Okay. But you're saying that people are making up... ...all kinds of things about you. But there are a lot of disturbing things that aren't made up. You strangled a swan, you strangled Melissa Griotte. You admit to being with Jessica the night of the murder. You had sex with her. lsn't it possible you strangled her and you just don't remember? It's impossible for me not to remember something I couldn't have done... ...something it's inconceivable I would ever do to anyone... ...let alone a person I loved the way I loved Jessica. And wherever she is now... ...she knows the truth, and God knows the truth... ...that I didn't do this terrible thing. ...that I didn't do this terrible thing. Thank you, Neil Avedon, for being with us tonight. We'll be back in a moment. Well, what do you think? He's beautiful, boyish, sensitive, tragic. Now every woman in America wants to mother him. Do you? I don't know. He's an actor. So I can't tell if I'm being manipulated... ...or if I just watched an innocent man pour out his soul. I know that's a concept I've been allergic to up to this point... ...but for the first time I'm beginning to wonder... ...if Neil Avedon is really capable of murder. Give me 12 jurors who feel the same way you do... ...and I've got a shot at getting him off. And if they're wrong? Then as the old saying goes.... Better 10 guilty men go free than one innocent man be punished. I rest my case. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 