Murder One: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder One 
 s1e12 - Chapter Twelve - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder One (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 12 - Chapter Twelve - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jury selection is completed. Do each of you understand and agree... ...that you will accurately and truly try this case pending before this court... ...and a true verdict render according only... ...to the evidence presented to you and the instructions of the court? I do. The murder trial hits home. I don't want this case and everything that comes with it in our home. With all the theatrics and media hoopla. It's show business. Crime is entertainment. Everybody's a celebrity. Daddy, look, you're on TV. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 --over this senseless tragedy. Richard Cross makes Justine an offer she can't refuse. -What's your favorite fantasy? -Excuse me? I see you doing more than being Ted Hoffman's junior partner. He wants to fly to Amsterdam to buy some painting. He made a big show of wanting it to be all right with you. -It's not. -I know this isn't about art. -But I could be your inside guy on this. -Tell Richard you aren't interested. Do we have something to celebrate? Excellent. About Ted. I would just like to choose the right time to tell him. I'm sure you'll tell Ted when you're ready. -Ted, any chance for a plea bargain? Not interested. REPORTER 1 : Did you propose insanity? Yes, we have. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 REPORTER 2: Any truth to more counsel? None that I know of. Will we get opening statements? -Yes, I'm sure we will. REPORTER 4: How do you feel, Neil? It's okay. I don't have to. -You sure? -Yeah. -You sure? -Yeah. Stand outside and make sure no one comes in. Oh.... Look at me. When all is said and done, and that may mean a trial... ...and that may mean a trial and an appeal... ...you're gonna be all right. Why do I feel that that's what you're supposed to say to a terrified client? I don't say it unless I believe it. Teddy? I don't think I can get through this. You can get through it, Neil. Because you're stronger than you think you are... ...and because I'm gonna be by your side the whole time. This is what I do, Neil. This is what I'm good at. Now you're gonna depend on me, and you're gonna put your faith in me. And you will come out on the other side. I promise. Ms. Grasso? Thank you, Your Honor. The people do have a motion to offer. Proceed. Your Honor, the people at this time would like to move that... ...television cameras be banned from the courtroom for the duration of this trial. The defense does not oppose Ms. Grasso's motion, Your Honor. We support the elimination of cameras from the courtroom. -Reasons? I'll defer to my colleague... ...to state the reasons. Your Honor, we believe the presence of cameras... ...rather than accomplishing the stated purpose of illuminating a trial... ...has the effect of distorting it. We believe that attorneys as well as witnesses... ...either consciously or unconsciously play to the cameras. We believe that because this is an un-sequestered jury... ...they will be much more hard-pressed to avoid the ubiquitous commentary... ...they will be much more hard-pressed to avoid the ubiquitous commentary... ...and speculation that follows a televised trial. And given the magnitude of public interest in this case... ...we believe the presence of cameras transform this trial into a spectacle... ...which ultimately will betray, rather than serve, the interests of justice. May I be heard, Your Honor? State your name and who you represent for the record, please. Mona Feigenbaum. I'm an attorney for LAW-TV. I'd like to be heard in opposition to Ms. Grasso. Go ahead. The principle of open public trials is a basic right in this country... ...guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment. Yes, this is a trial in which there is a great deal of public interest, and yes... ...LAW-TV is a profit-making enterprise which stands to gain... ...from being permitted to televise it. What I would argue... ...is that we are fulfilling the same function... ...as the rest of the working press. Namely, the transmittal of information protected... Namely, the transmittal of information protected... ...by the people's right to free speech. Like it or not, television is the means by which the vast majority... ...of the citizens of this country receive their news. We don't believe that we distort the process. We believe we're part of it. We have full faith in this court to insure the appropriate... ...standards of behavior for attorneys and witnesses. And we have full faith in the court to assure proper administration of justice. What Ms. Grasso and Mr. Hoffman are asking for, in essence... ...is to be shielded from the public view. We ask the court not do that. We ask that the court not shoot the messenger... ...for how effective a messenger he is. All right, you're not testifying before a congressional committee. I get the point. The court denies the motion. Live television coverage will be permitted. Coverage will be restricted to when the jury is present. The jury will not be shown On CaMelaJ eVel. There will be one camera only... ...which will serve as camera for all television coverage. -May I be permitted to speak? -No. -May I submit additional points? -l've ruled, Ms. Grasso. I think, on balance, coverage is in the public interest. -Your Honor, may I say that-- -Nothing, Ms. Feigenbaum. You won. Take yes for an answer. We'll take a 15 minute recess. We'll begin opening statements at 1 O:30. Ted? What's up? What do you know about Roberto Portalegre? The hum at DEA is he's a broker for the Cali cartel. Money, drugs, arms, with a finger into Cuba, South Africa and the Middle East. Why are we interested? He paid me $50,OOO ostensibly to represent his son... ...only to buy off the complainant on his own. Something doesn't add up. He was also referred by Richard Cross, wasn't he? Right. All the reason you need to be suspicious. I'll see what else I can dig up. Jurors tend to pay close attention to the person in the courtroom... Jurors tend to pay close attention to the person in the courtroom... ...who commands the most respect. And Hoffman wants to be that person. You bet. If Ted Hoffman does take control. as he usually does... -...it will be-- Double latte. -Thanks. You bet. Is it as important for Miriam Grasso to get control of the courtroom... -...as it is for Ted Hoffman? The prosecution is identified-- -I hope I didn't keep you waiting. Just got here. Great. -So good news. The dollar is rebounding against all the European currencies. So if you were to close on the painting today... ...the price would be ridiculous instead of obscene. Good. If the dollar takes a wrong turn, I can live with obscene. The reason I wanted to see you has to do with a different matter. -Can I get a double espresso, please? -No, I've already had my morning jolt. Thank you. ls Teddy okay? As far as I know. Why? Well, I'm worried about him. Ted and I have been friends for a long time. Regrettably, the last few months have put a strain on our friendship... ...to put it mildly. My hope was that everything would work out. But recently he has... ...made some hurtful and even frightening-- You're getting into an area here, Richard, I really don't feel... -...comfortable talking about with you. -Understood. You don't want to violate Neil's privilege... ...and I don't want you to. I'm just trying to understand why Ted feels the need... ...to vent his spleen on me over anything that upsets him. You want to talk Flemish painting, fine. That relates to our business together. -This doesn't. -I'm sorry. I don't know who to talk to. Communication between Ted and me... ...has broken down completely, and I'm left to ponder... ...delusional rantings of someone I considered a friend. This is between you and Ted. If you want to know what's on his mind, you'll have to ask him yourself. I hope you're as discreet in your dealings with me... ...as you are with those of Hoffman and Associates. -Well, I should be getting to work. -I made you feel uncomfortable. Sorry. I didn't mean to. I guess I just needed to vent a little bit myself. You've been a good listener. Thank you. Morning, ladies and gentlemen. I work for the District Attorney's Office of the County of Los Angeles. And I represent the people of the state of California. I represent you. One thing I want to advise you of right from the start... ...l am not anywhere near as entertaining as Ted Hoffman is. I'm not entertaining. I'm not flamboyant... ...and I'm not famous like Neil Avedon. I think it's hard not to be blinded by celebrity, don't you? I don't know of anyone who's not impressed... ...at the sight of seeing famous people in person. You know what it's like in this town. You go to a restaurant or store... ...there's Clint Eastwood... ...or Mary Tyler Moore or someone like that. And it just makes the whole experience a little bit special. And I'll be honest with you... ...l would love to be meeting these people under different circumstances. I'd love to go to dinner with Ted Hoffman... ...hear his war stories. I'll admit it. I would love to sit at Spago's at a table with Neil Avedon... ...and have people ogle me just because I'm with him. But that's not our business here today, Iadies and gentlemen. Our business is much more serious. Much more sad. And it's also much more important. Your Honor, I have to object at this point. Approach the bench. This is an attempt on the part of the prosecutor... ...who has the majesty of the state behind her... ...to cast herself in the role of the underdog. It's irrelevant to the facts of this case, it's untrue... ...and I object to her use of it to pander to this jury. Your Honor, this is opening statement thetoric. Your Honor, this is opening statement thetoric. Mr. Hoffman knows that. Mr. Hoffman has registered his objection for no other reason than to interrupt me. Now that he's completed his task, I ask the court to permit me to resume. You keep to the facts of the case, Ms. Grasso. You, Mr. Hoffman, I remind not to keep jumping in with gratuitous objections. Proceed. My opening statement provides me... ...with the opportunity to give you a road map... ...of where the people are going with this case and how we intend to prove it. It's a simple case, ladies and gentlemen. There's nothing complicated about it at all. This man raped and strangled to death... ...a 15 year-old girl. The evidence places Neil Avedon at the scene of the crime... ...on the night in question. The evidence will prove beyond a reasonable doubt... ...that he committed the crimes he's charged with. We will provide scientific evidence that he vaginally penetrated her. And evidence that was found in the bedroom indicates there was a struggle. We will demonstrate to you... ...that this was a 15 year-old girl who was bound and beaten and raped... ...before she was killed. He did that to her. Jessica Costello's character... ...may be an issue in this trial raised by the defense. Defense counsel will try to make that what this trial is about. He will say that this was consensual sex. That this young girl, in fact, wasn't raped. She couldn't have been raped. After all, look at who she was. Someone who abused drugs. Someone who was promiscuous. My adversary will put her on trial. Don't let him do it. Nobody deserves to be raped and murdered. And nobody deserves to get away with raping and murdering them... ...no matter how famous they may be. During her opening statement. Miriam Grasso gave us a preview... ...of the prosecution's case against Neil Avedon... ...the physical evidence linking him to the murder and the timeline... ...which places him at the crime scene... ...when the murder is thought to have taken place. -Hey. -She also asked the jury-- Tell me you don't think he's a doll. There's definitely something there. Maybe it's just red hair and freckles doesn't work for me. Good, then he's all mine. --risk. therefore raising the possibility of other suspects. Justine, this is probably none of my business... ...so I apologize if I'm crossing a line... ...because I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation. What's the question? I saw you having coffee this morning with Richard Cross. We had to take care of something from Julie Costello's DUl. Wasn't that case dismissed? You know what, Lisa? You're right. This is none of your business. I just don't want to see you or the firm compromised in any way... ...by the appearance of impropriety. -What's your point? -For all we know... ...Grasso is going to call Cross as a witness. And it's not secret... ...that Ted doesn't trust him. And your fear is what? That I'm having an affair with him or something? I didn't say that. Even if it was, I don't care what you do with your private life. Apparently you care a great deal. I'm not trying to be a cop. I just think, given the given-- -You don't think it looks good. -Right. I understand. Appearances mean a lot to you, Lisa. Just because Chris Docknovich doesn't appear to put the wood to you... ...doesn't mean he isn't. My name is Ted Hoffman. I say that in the event I'm not as famous as my adversary accused me of being. I ask only one thing of you as we go into this trial. Please keep an open mind. Things are not always what they appear to be. Th,,e reason we have this thing called the presumption of innocence"... ...the reason we hold prosecutors... ...proving their case beyond a reasonable doubt... ...the reason we have this courtroom... ...and this trial and the 12 of you... ...is to provide checks and balances so the police don't arrest the wrong man. We try very hard to prevent innocent men from being sent to prison. The man you see before you, Neil Avedon, is innocent... ...until evidence is produced that convinces you... ...of his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Before you can convict him of first-degree murder... ...you must require Miriam Grasso to prove that he is guilty. And to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt. Excuse me, Mr. Hoffman, for interrupting. I'd like to see both sides in chambers, please. Your Honor, I trust this interruption isn't a retaliatory gesture on the part... -...of Ms. Grasso. -Your daughter's been abducted. My God. Court is in recess... ...for the day. You need to get home. -Teddy, if there's anything I can do-- Stay with Neil. Hoffman. Not now. There's a black-and-white to take you home. l've spoken with the chief. He's put SIS assets at our disposal... ...and Metro's standing by to field a SWAT call if necessary. A team of detectives from West L.A. is en route to your house now. Thank you. Whatever our differences, I'm a father too. I'll keep a good thought for your little girl. Annie. -What happened? -I went to pick up Lizzie after ballet. She never made it to class. One of her friends saw her get into a strange car and drive away. One of her friends saw her get into a strange car and drive away. Oh, Ted, if anything's happened.... Let's try and stay calm. Not get too far out in front of things. This has to do with the case, doesn't it? Annie, I don't know. Just tell them you'll walk away right now. Just give us our little girl back. I want her back, Ted. Mr. Hoffman? -Gretchen Jankow. -Detective. I know this is an upsetting time for you both. I'm sure you're doing all you can. We have an officer interviewing your daughter's friend right now. Also, we'll monitor your phone, put a trap on your line to locate incoming calls. Mr. Hoffman, do you think this could be related in any way to the Avedon case? I honestly don't know. Have you received any threatening phone calls, letters? Nothing out of the ordinary. Just the usual crackpots. Well, if you think of anything, that it could be helpful, l-- Hello? Lizzie. Are you all right? -Where are you, sweetheart? -Where is she? Is she okay? Holmby Park on Beverly Glen. Honey? Are you by yourself there? Okay. Stay right where you are. -Mommy and I are coming. -I want to talk to her. Here's Mommy. Lizzie, are you okay? -Thank God. -Don't let her hang up. Keep her on till we get there. I want you to listen to me very carefully, honey. Don't hang up. Daddy and l will be there in a few minutes. I'm gonna give the phone to a police detective. You tell her what happened. No, no, no. Don't be scared. You didn't do anything wrong. I love you. The lady said she was with the police and Daddy sent her to pick me up. Please don't be mad at me. She had a badge and everything. Nobody's mad at you, honey. We were just worried about you, that's all. Come on, let's go home. Shall I call you Elizabeth or shall I call you Lizzie? -Elizabeth. -Okay, Elizabeth. -I'd like you to call me Gretchen, okay? -Okay. I'd like you to tell me what happened. I came out of school and a lady called me over to her car. She told me she was a policewoman... ...and that she was going to take me to meet my dad. Can you tell us what she looked like? She wore a red jacket, and she was pretty. What color hair did she have? Kind of light brown. Did she say what her name was? Linda. Okay. That's great. You remember a lot. Okay, you got inside the car. Then what did you do? -She drove around. -Do you remember where she went? We went to Jack in the Box. Wow! Did you get out of the car and go inside? No. We stayed in the car. She ordered into the clown's mouth, and we ate in the car. Do you remember what kind of car it was she drove? lt was like what Sheila's mom has. -What kind of car is that? -Oh. It's, um.... -It's a wagon. -A station wagon? -Not the old kind of station wagon. -A sports-utility vehicle? -I don't know. -lf you could find out, that'd be great. Okay, Elizabeth... ...did Linda talk to you a lot? Yeah. She asked me about school. She asked me what movies I liked. And she talked on the phone a lot. Do you remember what she was talking about when she talked on the phone? lt sounded like business stuff. I really don't know. Well, that's okay. I remember that she wrote down numbers on a piece of paper... ...that was on the front seat. The piece of paper was yellow and black. -Was it a folded-over piece of paper? -Yeah. -Rental car folder. -Yellow and black is Hertz. She has a Ford Explorer. -Are we almost done? Yeah. But I want you to promise me something. If you remember anything, no matter how silly you think it is... ...l want you to call me, or I want you to get your mom and dad to call me, okay? I remember one thing. The car reached 1000. -What do you mean? -I watched it go... -What do you mean? -I watched it go... ...from 999 to 1000. That narrows it down some. You have been a lot of help, Elizabeth. A lot of help. You're very observant. May I talk to you for a minute? -Sure. Any theories? They weren't looking for money. Somebody's sending me a message. Who should we be looking at? It's a little premature for me to be naming names. We're gonna need your help if we're gonna crack this case. I appreciate you getting involved, detective. Just doing my job. It's a little bit more than that. So I thank you. -How's your little girl? She's back. She's home, and by all outward appearances, she's fine. Thank God for that. -Do you need some time? No. -You're sure? -Yes. Thank you for your concern. -I'm fully capable of proceeding. -Let me put the question to Ms. Grasso. This is not a sequestered jury. I'm sure they're all aware of the abduction. To the extent it makes Mr. Hoffman sympathetic in its immediate aftermath... ...do you want to stand in recess until next week? I don't think that'll be necessary. Now that the jury's impaneled, I'd sooner move ahead. Okay. Let's go. I'm sure all of you know... ...that yesterday was a difficult day. And I'd like to thank Ms. Grasso and Judge Bornstein for your understanding. You may be under the impression that a defense attorney is somehow... ...sympathetic to criminals. Let me disabuse you of that notion. I loathe crime no less than Ms. Grasso does. I loathe it... ...with every part of my being. The crime committed in this case was a ghastly, evil act... ...and the perpetrator of it deserves to be punished. Severely punished. What I'm here to tell you is that Neil Avedon is not that man. Neil Avedon loved Jessica Costello. And when he left her apartment that night, Jessica Costello was alive. Someone came to Jessica's apartment after Neil left. That person killed Jessica. That person is not on trial here. I'm not gonna represent to you that I know who that person is. Nor am I going to tell you that in this trial we will find out. Or that we will ever find out. lt is neither your job nor your responsibility to solve this crime. You cannot make Neil's guilt or innocence contingent... ...on finding an alternative. We all want closure. But closure can't come at the price of justice. I'll be expecting all of you to keep your promises to us... ...to listen to the evidence and to the questions asked by both sides... ...before you begin to form opinions regarding that evidence. This is a case based on circumstantial evidence... ...from which you will be asked to conclude that certain facts are present. No one but you determines what the facts are. lt doesn't matter what any of us thinks, not even Judge Bornstein. I'm sure you will all take your job and your oath seriously. And I thank you in advance for your willingness to do so. Be patient... ...be objective... ...and don't jump to any conclusions before you've heard all the evidence. The memory of Jessica Costello will not be served... ...by sending an innocent man to prison. Why was Grasso taking so many notes? To get the jury to ask the same question you just did. So they're not giving 100 percent attention to what I'm saying. So they're not giving 100 percent attention to what I'm saying. Can she do that? Isn't that dirty pool? When she does it to us, yes. When we do it to her, no. Mr. Hoffman, I need a word with you. We have a suspect in custody. We found the car and tracked down the woman who rented it. -You need Elizabeth to make the ID. -We do. Neil, I have to go down to Parker Center. They've got a suspect. You're going to be cross-examining DiGiacomo. Have Arnold back you up. Shouldn't we ask for a recess until tomorrow? Neil, Chris is every bit as competent to do this as I am. He wouldn't be second chair if he weren't. -Tear it up. -Done. Come on. The people call to the stand Richard DiGiacomo. This way. Raise your right hand. You swear to tell the truth, the whole truth... ...and nothing but the truth, so help you God? -I do. State your name. -Richard DiGiacomo. -Be seated. Afternoon, Mr. DiGiacomo. -Good afternoon. Are you familiar with an establishment here in Los Angeles... -...known as the House of Blues? -Yes, I am. -Have you ever been there? -Many times. Have you ever been present at a time when the defendant, Neil Avedon... -...was also present? -Yes. Was one such occasion the night of September 13th, 1994? -Yes, it was. -And were you in a position... -...to observe Mr. Avedon that night? -Yeah, I was sitting at the next table. -Was Mr. Avedon alone? -He was there with this young woman. Plus friends of his would stop by his table. Can you tell us what, if anything... ...you observed about Mr. Avedon's behavior that was unusual that night? He and this young woman made a little bit of a scene, you might say. Can you tell me what you mean by that? They were making out. He had his hands all over her. And from the way he was acting and the number of times he got up... ...to go to the bathroom, he was doing cocaine. Objection. Speculative and inflammatory. I move to strike. Sustained. The witness's last remark is stricken. The jury will disregard. Was there a point during the evening when he... -...lost his temper? Objection. -Leading the witness. I'll allow it. You may answer, sir. -Yes. -Would you describe what happened? Well, I don't know what led up to it... ...but all of a sudden, she threw a drink in his face. He grabbed her by the throat and pushed her head up against the wall... ...and he said if she ever did that again, he'd kill her. Have you made a positive identification of that young woman? -Yes, I have. -Would you please tell us who she was? lt was Jessica Costello. I have no further questions. They have live music at the House of Blues? Yeah. -ls it pretty loud? Yeah. Yet you were able to hear Neil Avedon make this threat against Jessica's life... ...over the sound of the live, loud music? First, I was sitting at the next table. And second, he didn't exactly whisper it. -You weren't the only one who heard it? Objection. -The witness is in no position to know. -Sustained. It's speculation. -What did you do after this threat? -What do you mean? Did you attempt to intervene? -lt wasn't my place. -Did you alert security... ...that this woman was in jeopardy? No, I didn't. I guess at the time I didn't take it serious enough. How is it that your observations of Mr. Avedon that night... ...came to the attention of the district attorney, Mr. DiGiacomo? I got in touch with her as soon as I saw the paper. -Why? -I thought the DA would want to know. -You were doing your duty as a citizen. -Right. -You have no vendetta against Avedon? -No, I do not. -Have you had any contact with Avedon? -No. -Anyone you know ever had any contact? -Objection. -Overruled. -What am l, his wife? -I don't know who he has contact with. -Do you know this woman? -Yeah, I know her. -Can you identify her by name? -Corrinne Wylie. -What was your relationship with her? -We used to live together. -Were you together in January of 1994? I'd have to think about that. -I don't know. -Let me phrase it another way. Were you living together at the time Corrinne went to work... ...as a wardrobe assistant on a movie called Deadbolt? -Yeah, we were living together then. -Were you aware that, on location... ...Ms. Wylie had an affair with Mr. Avedon? I became aware of it. -How did you? A grip who worked on that movie told me. -How is it that one of the grips told you? -Because I'm a grip. We were working on another movie, and he told me. How did you feel to know your girlfriend was cheating on you... ...with Avedon in front of the entire motion picture crew? -Objection. Argumentative. -Overruled. -How do you think it made me feel? -When you said you called the DA... ...solely out of civic duty... ...that wasn't quite true, was it? I heard what I said I heard! He said he'd kill her! Scumbag. I have no further questions. Right here. Elizabeth, can I get you a soda or anything? No, thanks. Okay. The reason we asked your mom and dad to bring you down here... ...is so that you can help us do our job. Now, what I'm gonna do is show you pictures of some people... ...and ask if you've ever seen them. And if you haven't, that's okay too. Are you comfortable? A little bit nervous? Good girl, because there's no reason to be. Just relax, see if you recognize anybody... ...and don't feel like you have to pick somebody out if you're not sure. Okay? Ready? Have you ever seen any of these women before? -No. Okay. I'm gonna ask you to take a second look. You know, just to be sure. None of these is the right lady. Does looking at these pictures... ...help you to remember anything about the lady that picked you up? -Not really. -That's okay. Sometimes the police get mad at my dad because of his job. But please don't get mad at him because I couldn't catch the lady. First of all... ...by helping us rule these people out, you've been a big, big help. And even though the police and your dad don't always agree... ...both of our jobs are very important. And we both know that. Richard. Teddy. -How's your little girl? -She's fine. Look, can I talk to you in private for a moment? Let's go into my office. When I heard, I wanted to call... ...but I thought your family might need some time together, undisturbed. Thank you for your concern. So, what kind of person would do such a thing, Teddy? And why? To send me a message. About? I haven't a clue. I cannot imagine what you and Annie must have gone through. She'll come down off the ceiling in a day or two. Some kind of world we live in, huh? I'm just glad everything turned out okay. The reason I came by is to let you know that... ...the resources of my security staff are at your disposal. l've already made arrangements. I don't need to tell you, this isn't an area you should cut corners on. My people are culled from the finest Iaw enforcement personnel in the world. You say the word, and they're yours. Thank you. You're very generous. If I feel I need to take any additional steps... ...I'll send up a flare. Please do. And please give my regards to your family. -Gentlemen. Mr. Cross. Arnold. I caught the last part of your cross-examination on television. -How did I do? -How do you think you did? I think I did fine. I think I did fine. Don't take Chris' reluctance to beat his chest... ...to mean he isn't completely convinced of his own brilliant performance... ...and intrinsic superiority. You kicked ass, Chris. -Attaboy. -Thanks. Thanks. -That suspect pan out? -No. ls this the handiwork of Richard Cross? -Maybe. -What could Cross possibly gain... -...out of doing something like this? -lt was a shot across the bow. He could be trying to discourage me from being too aggressive during trial... ...painting him as Jessica's real killer. Hard to say. But I do know this: Richard Cross is a dangerous man... ...who will stop at nothing if it advances his interests... ...whatever they are. I'm not gonna be intimidated by him. But I will be wary. All of us should be. For the record, I'm not sleeping with Richard Cross. It's way too creepy a concept even for me. And you were right. I was so wrapped up with my own agenda... ...l didn't consider the public perception of me dragging around with him... ...or how Ted might feel about it. I was the one who was out of line, not you. No big deal. So do you think Cross is behind this thing with Ted's daughter? I wouldn't put it past him. You wonder what makes a guy like that tick. I used to ask myself the same question. I used to ask myself the same question. Now I think I'd be afraid to find out the answer. -Justine? Huh. -How did you know about me and Chris? -Are you kidding? -Everyone knows about you two. -They do? Everyone except Ted. If you'll sign this signature card... ...I'll fax it to my bank in Liechtenstein... ...authorizing you to draw the funds for the Holbein. Yeah. And here's power of attorney binding me to the transaction. I had them set a table in the off-chance drinks might turn into dinner. lt sounds delightful. Good. To tell you the truth, I'm surprised you showed up at all. You asked me to meet you. Why wouldn't I come? When I was in the office, Ted made it clear he thinks... ...l have something to do with his daughter's kidnapping. He didn't come right out and say it. He didn't have to. I thought perhaps you might share his suspicion. -Do I have reason to? -No. No. None whatsoever. If I thought you were asking seriously... ...I'd have no other choice but to go out and kill myself immediately. That anyone could consider that I'd do anything so utterly vile... ...as to harm a child.... Why do you suppose Ted thinks you had a hand in this? I wish to hell I knew. But I hope you're not scared off by your employer's prejudices. l've always been an independent thinker. Good. To independent thought... ...the works of Hans Holbein, and what else shall we toast to? Mutual opportunity. lndeed. Teddy. Say hi to Eddie Roscoe. Pleased to meet you. Ray's been saying good things about you. Yeah, well, he has to. I carried him through the academy. Eddie will be sitting on your place from 8 till 3, then I take over. -And you sleep when? -After the verdict. -lf you need anything, I'm here. -Thanks. -He's a good man. -Seems so. Are we playing in a whole other league here, Ray? It's starting to look like it. And now my family's up for grabs. We can put Eddie Roscoe and 40 more like him out here... ...but if they want you bad enough, it won't stop them. Annie, this was a one-shot occurrence... ...that will never happen again... ...because we've taken precautions to make sure it won't. You just telling me that because you know I want to believe it's true? Whoever did this is probably some tourist... ...from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, or wherever... ...out here looking for her 15 minutes of fame. Trying to get as close as she can to one of the players in a bigtime murder trial. I'm not saying we shouldn't be vigilant. I'm not saying we shouldn't be vigilant. That's why we have round-the-clock protection. And we'll have it for as long as we need it. I have to admit, I will sleep better... ...knowing there's someone keeping an eye on things. Me too. That's why he's out there. Are you gonna come to bed and watch the news? ln a little while. I want to go over today's testimony. Don't stay up too late. Subtitles by SDl Media Group OCR extraction by D.Lauper 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 