The Bold Type: Season 4, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bold Type 
 s4e14 - The Truth Will Set You Free - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bold Type (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 14 - The Truth Will Set You Free - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "The Bold Type"... I saw that the Belle is hiring bartenders. You could work here. You could even do like a podcast. How about you record one episode? - And if I don't like it, then... - I won't bring it up again. Eva... I think you knew that since you got my father fired from his own company after 25 years. How am I gonna do this job and have a baby? There's no heartbeat. I think I feel relieved that I'm not having this baby. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whatever you're feeling right now, it's okay. I got a double mastectomy three months ago. When Kevin tried to touch me there, I just... I freaked out. I just... I'm not comfortable with them. I wrote a piece about it to see if maybe I could find people like me. We'll see if people show up. I think they will. No, no, no, I need you to go right now. Yes, I have a first date, but you gotta go. - Jane, this is huge. - Yeah. - This is really big. - Mm-hmm. I mean, two weeks ago, you said you weren't ready. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know, but my support group thinks it'll help, so... Yeah, and, seriously, I'm so proud of you. - Thank you. - What's he like? - What does he do? - He's the... geographically desirable and a twin. - That's all I know. So you have to go, - A twin. Can you go? I have to finish getting ready. Yes, no, no, no, I'm gonna get - out of your hair ASAP. - Okay. But, hey, I'm so proud of you. - Thank you. - I love you. - Call me if you need anything at all. - Nope, - you have fun with Marissa. Tell her I said hi. - Okay. ♪ You're a house on fire ♪ The match and the lighter This is nice... just sitting here with you, getting to know each other. I mean, i-it's a little weird staring at you on my computer, but, uh, maybe we should, uh, talk about our hobbies. I'll go first, um... I love to write, except I do that for a living, so I guess that doesn't really count as a hobby, um... uh, I-I love lists, and I like to check things off after I've completed them. Huh, I've always said that I was gonna run a marathon, but I haven't done that yet. I think I left it over here. Oh, my God. What's happening? Is that your... your date on the computer? Why are you naked? And why isn't he here? My date is here. I-I'm dating my boobs, Kat. "THE BOLD TYPE" Season 04 Episode 14 Title : "The Truth Will Set You Free" ♪ Make you my man, and I'll be your woman ♪ ♪ We can make it unless I make it one moment ♪ ♪ More champagne for us ♪ Let's get drunk and make loving ♪ - ♪ But I know you're in love... - Really? You look so handsome right now. And it's been two weeks. - I'm ready. - Mm. - Great. - Mm-hmm. Let's do this. God, I missed this. Mm, me too. Actually, I read somewhere that, if I'm on top, our chances are better. Um, chances better for what? Conceiving. Apparently position makes a difference. Oh, um, I... I-I was saying I'm ready for regular sex not... not baby sex. Right, of course. I'm sorry. No, it's... I should've been clearer. I read into it. I guess... I'm just ready to try again. Ever since we got pregnant, it's all I can think about... Starting a family with you, being a dad, having a little baby you or me. Okay, not right now, but when you're ready, I'm ready to try again. Okay. Hello. I see your date spent the night. Must have gone well, hey. Ah, funny. - Thank you. - Oh, okay. Hey, look, I know I don't really know much about this stuff, and maybe you don't want to talk about it, but if you do... My support group gave me a how to love your body post-mastectomy guide. First step is getting to know your boobs as if you're dating them. Hm. It was awkward and silly and weird, and if I could, I'd never ask 'em out again. Plus they're kind of clingy. Well, first dates are the worst, am I right? But you know what makes 'em better? Activities... you should take them out. Body painting, a seaweed spa wrap. It's a good idea. Hopefully not the only one I have today. Oh, right, tonight's the podcast trial with Penny, the woman who runs the domestic violence shelter. She actually had to bail for a conference in Boston, but it's all good. I got this woman who invented a device that cleans plastic out of the ocean, so hopefully it goes well, and once Darby gives me the green light, then Penny can be my next guest. - That's awesome. - Thank you. I just... I hope I can pull it off, you know? - Make a difference. - You will. - You always do. - Thanks. And, look, I know maybe it wasn't love at first sight, but I do think you're gonna have your happily ever after. All three of you. You're perfect for each other. Jacqueline, we have a pitch meeting. Oh. How does that look? - Good, good, very good. - Mm. Ian took it, and I've kind of forgotten how... talented he is. Well, he has, like, the perfect subject, so... Thank you, Andrew. I mean, of course, yeah, my p-pleas... There's a pitch meeting. Pitch meeting. Good morning, beautiful people. Morning. Who's feeling alive today? - Whoo! - Yes! Good! And who feels sexy and confident? - Me. - Good for you, Andrew. Thank you. We are all very powerful, sexual creatures, and we deserve to feel that way. Now, that all comes, of course, from the inside, but, clothes do help, which is why I want to celebrate the power of fashion. Pitches. Sexy lingerie... Does wearing it to the office make you feel more or less in charge? Love it. What else? I can do a piece for "The Failing Feminist"... Power dressing outside the office. My mom had this DVF wrap dress, and she didn't work or anything, but I could just tell from photos that she felt really powerful and important when wearing it. Well, I would love if you could find that photo - to include it in your piece. - Yeah, I think I can. Fashion people. - Okay, sorry, Jasper's here. - What? You got this, Red. Uh... Sutton? Okay. Well, we could do a photo spread of the female business uniform through the decades. What kind of clothing does make women feel powerful and sexual and independent? I feel like society would really like for us to believe that women dress to impress men, but the truth is iconic pieces like the Chanel tweed suit Diane von Furstenberg's wrap dress were created so that women could feel sexy for themselves. So maybe some female designers, you know? And how their fashion empowers women to own their sexuality. That is exactly the kind of thing I'm looking for. How would you like to run point - on that fashion spread? - I would really love that. Great. What else we got? I vaguely remember that picture. I'm wearing yellow rainboots, and Mom's in a brown, patterned dress? Oh, I remember that dress. She loved how easy it was to take on and off. Yeah, the photo is on the wall by the stairs - in a silver frame. - You okay? 'Cause you didn't say gross when I alluded to your mom and me, you know... doing it. Yeah, uh, gross, okay? Um... I'm fine. I just have a lot on my mind, but I'm good. Okay. Oh, um. I'll, uh, scan the photo and send it as soon as I can. Okay, thanks. Love you, Dad. - Bye. - Yeah. He wants to get pregnant, like, now. - No pressure. - I know. And he doesn't even know how relieved I felt when I found out I wasn't having a baby. Honestly, I didn't think I was gonna have to talk to him about it. Well, I mean, you have to tell him how you feel. And disappoint him? I can't do that. Yeah, but, Sutton, getting accidentally pregnant and planning for a baby are two very different things, and you're allowed to want to wait. Yeah, and Richard, he'll understand. I don't know. I just... Let's talk about something else. How's the podcast? It was kind of boring. For someone who's so interesting and impressive, she just didn't really, like, bring anything. I don't think it's exciting enough to impress Darby. Well, if you're looking for exciting, - take me for a cruise. - Really? Yeah, 'cause I am... styling a very exciting shoot about fashion and empowerment. But the podcast is members only, and, uh... You're still my guest, kid. I spend so much time at this bar, I keep forgetting that. You could do Jane's boobs. No, sorry, they're booked and busy... - Body plastering. - What? Kat took this class where you make a cast of a body part. Vagina. Bet no one's done boobs before. It's a pretty decent second date. But a better idea, though, would be for you to come and be a part of my shoot. Honestly, I'm not really ready to be photographed yet. Okay. Could I get a gin martini please? Yeah. - Straight? - Dirty. Interesting. You think I don't have taste? - Oh, you read minds now? - Sometimes. Hmm, really? Well, that is impressive. A telepathic NRA card-carrying Republican. Not as impressive as a feminist socialist activist who finally knows how to make a good drink. Enjoy. Thank you. You're welcome. I really don't like her. She is so lucky that she's on the board at Safford. I mean, did you see? She defended hardline immigration last night on ABC news. Yeah, like a heartless monster. Yeah, and I couldn't change the channel. Neither could I. - Oh, no. - What? I know who I need to get on the podcast. - Who? - Who? - Her. ♪ 'Cause we're boring people boring lives ♪ ♪ Dubba dub bom ♪ Dubba dubba dub bom Wow, what is going on? This smells amazing. Just a little celebratory breakfast for my wife who's been kicking so much ass at work lately. You want eggs. I can make eggs. - No, no, no, it's not that. - Okay, what is it? I have to... tell you something. Okay. Yesterday, when we were talking - about trying for a baby... - Right. Just... work is so great, and we just got married, and I just really want to enjoy this moment, you know? 26, newly married stylist. Okay. I-I didn't know how to tell you in the moment, but I... I'm not close to being ready. Are you mad? Mad? No, no, of course not. A little disappointed, maybe, but this is gonna happen when we are both ready. Yeah. - I love you. - Love you. Thank you for being understanding. Now, grab some syrup and some cakes. Let's eat. Oh... Do you need something? Uh, me? I, um, was actually just wondering if I could get your help with something. What's up? So I have this idea for a podcast, and the Belle has agreed to listen to an episode, and if it's good, then they'll let me do it here. Okay. It's conversations across the bar kind of thing where I interview members about their passions and projects. Okay. And I think that you would be a great guest. You want me to do your podcast? Yes, I think you would be interesting. - Really? - Yes, really. We could debate the issues. That... is unexpected on so many levels. I'm going to politely decline. Why? Because you don't strike me as someone who can fairly engage with conservatives, Kat. Okay, I can rein it in for a podcast. Well, I look forward to seeing that, but not with me. Good luck though. That's a really good idea. It is a great idea. - Okay, this guy. - Yep. - And this guy too... straight... - To the studio, got it, yep. - You're the best. - Yep. - Mm-hmm, how's it going? - So great. Do you ever get that feeling that you're just doing exactly what you're meant to do? The first day I walked into "Scarlet." You know, my mom never had a Chanel tweed suit or a DVF wrap dress, and I always wanted her to be the kind of woman that did, but she was a waitress. Well, I guess her waitress uniform was her own version of powerful. She must be so proud of you. She is. She knows how much I love styling. There was a minute there where I didn't know if it was gonna happen. You know? Watching Kat and Jane rise the ranks, and I just felt like I was idling. You were an assistant longer than you wanted to be. Mm-hmm. But you were never idling. You were preparing for your moment so that when the time was right, you would soar. Everyone has their own timeline. Yeah, we do, don't we? Unbelievable. Wow, that "honey I'm home" greeting was very short-lived. Yeah, well... Eva doesn't think I can talk to Republicans and have a productive conversation, so she said no to being in my podcast. Mm, ta-da. Nice boobs. Thanks. Great job. How was your plastering class? Oh, it was a nightmare. I hated every minute of it. Oh. But thank you for trying. These sunflower nipples are making me very happy. - They're beautiful. - Thanks. Have you given any more thought to being in Sutton's shoot? It might help. It just kind of feels like a lot, but, I mean, maybe. Wait, so you really think that Eva can help you - get that podcast? - Yeah, I know she can. Well, then show her that she's wrong. Go to one of her Republican mixers. I have an idea, and I think it's gonna make both of us happy. Okay, just because we're not on the same timeline doesn't mean that we shouldn't be prepared for when we're both ready, so I did some research. A sperm bank. I didn't know that older sperm can have an effect on children. Same way older eggs can. I gotta be honest. This is a little weird. I know. But I do love that you're thinking about us, - about our future. - Mm-hmm. So... does this mean... We're gonna put our future children on ice? Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. So we swing by the sperm bank, and then I drop you off at work. How modern are we? Oh, wow, listen to this. With sperm freezing, 58-year-old Hank Tier "was able to get his wife pregnant 15 years after he froze his sperm." 15 years? 15 years. - That's crazy. - Yeah, it is. I mean, I knew that it was "forever." I just wasn't thinking about what that means practically, you know? Buys us so much time. I'm so happy you agreed to be in the shoot. Can I come see? Jane, you look so pretty. Thanks. It's a little big here though. Oh, let me just take it in a little bit. Ooh, I'm so sorry! Are you okay? What? Uh, I just pricked you with a pin. You didn't feel it? No, no, I didn't feel anything. Um... okay, I'm gonna go grab the first-aid kit. Okay. I didn't order anything. Go next door. Dad? What? How? Miles and an empty seat. Uh, but why? Oh, I don't know. 'Cause I wanted to give you the photo of your mom, and when I found the dress, I thought you might like that too. Also I didn't feel great about how you sounded on the phone, thought maybe you could use a hug. - Hey. - Hey! Hey. What do you want for lunch? I could do salad or Thai if you have time. Mm, maybe we should do the salad place. Okay, great. I love salad, big fan. Big... salad fan. Hey, are you okay, baby? I mean, I don't really have that much time... not 15 years anyway. We're not talking about lunch anymore are we? I'm sorry, it's just... That thing you said this morning about freezing sperm for 15 years... You seemed really happy about that. I don't wanna be an old dad. I wanna be there for our kids' graduations, for their weddings, and for their kids. I can't wait 15 years. Hey... I don't need to wait 15 years. How long do you think you need? Okay, how about this? We promise that within five years, we try for a baby again. You'll be in your early 30s. I'll be mid-40s. What do you say? - Pinkie promise? - Yeah, pinkie promise. And then I took this plastering class. It was supposed to make me feel "one" with my body, but instead it just made me feel fake... Like I'm trying to convince my brain to be over something that it's not. - Did you try writing about it? - Yeah. - That didn't help? - Not really. I mean, nothing's really helped. My friends have been amazing, but they don't really understand how this feels, and the support group, they help a little, but you know what? Maybe this is just the way it is now. Maybe I'm just supposed to muddle through. Come on, let's get out of here. Hm? Come on, maybe a little fresh air will help. Okay. But, let's face it, the infighting amongst the Democratic Party makes them vulnerable to criticism. I mean, I still know people who are arguing - about Bernie and Hillary. - I know. The myopic attitude consistently holds the party back as a whole. You know, I actually agree. Both parties could use a better direction. I think mission statements would be helpful. Yes, but Dems are famous for being aimless and wandering. Well, they're also passionate. And emotional, which makes their message confusing, Yes, yes, you know, I actually think that that's true. Emotion does get in the way sometimes. As long as they stick to the plan and have a clear goal... I thought we were going to eat. I just wanted to stop here for old time's sake. You remember when you used to spend hours searching for that perfect planner before a school year? Yeah, well, it wasn't just the planner. It was the pens and the tabs. It was kind of a whole thing. I actually didn't get a planner for next year. Oh, well, you should. Here, pick one, my treat. Wow, there are seven colors. Do you think they did that for every day of the week? - Maybe. - Hm. Why do I love this so much? Because you like to plan things - in an organized manner. - Yeah, I do. What do you think of this one? Plenty of room for lists and a special place for goals. Goals are good. Come on, grab those pens you've been eyeing, and let's check out. Hey. He's paying. Yep, I'm Dad. She's a writer. I didn't expect to see you here. Yeah, well, I didn't expect to be here, but I wanted to prove to you that I can have a healthy debate with the other side, and the only way to do that is to show you, so... That's impressive. Hm. It's gonna take more than one conversation. I know. Identity politics is so touchy. Shall we? Everything is politically incorrect these days. I know. I am terrified of saying the wrong thing. Yeah, I mean, I think that that's a fear a lot of people share, especially in the age of social media. What am I supposed to say to my 13-year-old daughter when she thinks it's fashionable to be gay? Uh, I don't know about fashionable. No, she's right. Just look at these queer celebrities... Kristen Stewart, and what's the other one? Oh, Cara Delevingne. It's like kids are being bullied if they're straight. Bullied, really? I know it's hard to believe, but it is happening, and it is a problem. I actually think that the real problem is what's happening right here. I think what Kat means to say is that there's no way... Eva, maybe let someone from the queer community field this one. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize that you were... - Oh, queer? - Yeah... I am, yeah, and I can assure you, there is no liberal agenda to turn straight people gay, promise. We just want equal rights and opportunities... The same ones you have. And I just want my daughter to grow up happy and normal. Normal... uh, as in straight? As in the way God intended. That is how I feel. Okay, I think coming here was a really bad idea. Kat, Kat, wait. You were right. I can't do it. Talking to people like that... It was a mistake. No, it wasn't. I'll do your podcast. Why? I just proved that I couldn't engage in a healthy debate. Kat, do you want me to do your podcast? Yes. Okay. Well, then I would shut up and accept the offer. Okay. Okay, so when the issue of identity politics comes up in your circles, how do you combat the stigma that the conservative party is overall homophobic? I don't combat it at all because it's none of my business. I don't think that it should be brought up nor should that fire be fanned because sexuality whether homo, hetero, pan, A, or other, it doesn't define a person. Okay, sure, it doesn't define a person, but it certainly adds to why they might be put into the category of other, and therefore oppressed under the system we're all in. The system being... Capitalism and patriarchy. Right. Okay, I see you laughing, and I mean, you can go ahead and laugh if you want, but you are also a victim of the system. You're a woman living in the world, and you can't be immune to the effects of that. Well, in the LGBTQ community, it just feels like... Okay, Eva, you have to stop speaking for a community that you're not involved in. It's not your place. I can speak for that community... My community... Because I'm a lesbian. I am a Republican woman who is not defined by my sexuality because sexuality is not a personality trait. Just because I don't wear it on my sleeve doesn't mean that I don't get to claim my space. Absolutely, yes. I mean, you should be able to claim your space. And identity politics are... very tricky. I always knew you'd be a writer. You were constantly jotting things down in your notebook, coming up with stories, setting your own deadlines. I did do that, didn't I? You never gave yourself much time. Yeah, well, I kind of liked the rush of not knowing if I could finish. But you always did. It's not always a race. I know. Some things take time, but you have that now. You get to fill all those days. Every one of them, Jane. You know why? Because you did something brave. Not just for you but for me and your brothers and your friends. Dad. When you told me that you tested positive for the same gene that took your mom, I... I thought, "I can't lose you too." But I couldn't tell you what to do. It was your body, your decision. And I don't regret making that decision, I just... I don't know. I didn't think it would be this hard. I get that. But that part of your body, it's not the enemy. It's the part that saved your life. It's not about muddling through. It's about embracing and enjoying your life as much as you can... Every moment of it. Huh? You got a second chance at life. Your mother never had that. I know. ♪ Fade in the morning waking up with a big head ♪ ♪ I live down the block do it up for me she said ♪ ♪ I hear 'em whisper ♪ I hear 'em whispering ♪ People taking notice ♪ Can't help but focus on this ♪ ♪ I am the people that you meet... ♪ - Hey. - Hi! - Thought you might need this. - Oh, thanks T. - You're the best. - No problem. - And do you need anything else? - Yeah, I do actually. Next time, can I get your creative input? - Seriously? - Yeah. I know you have some. It's not that long ago that I was you, and I wouldn't be here if somebody wasn't asking me what my opinion is, so I can count on you? - You bet. - Thank you. Jane. You look so beautiful. Thanks. Does this mean... That I am participating in your shoot if you will have me. Duh. And this dress. It's my mom's. My dad brought it for me along with some much needed advice and perspective. I'm gonna stop feeling sorry for myself and start living my life. You know, that's why I got the surgery... To give me more time to live, so I'm gonna do that. - I'm gonna run a marathon. - Oh. I am going to do all of the things that I've always wanted to do but have been putting off. Jane, that is amazing. You deserve everything that you've ever wanted. - So do you. - Thanks. Honestly, I kind of feel like I have it. Like, right here, right now, nothing is missing, you know? I-I'm living my life exactly the way that I want to. Isn't that a good thing? Not if the person you're living it with feels differently. Jane, I'm asking Richard to wait... for me, but... He's waiting for something that I can't give him. What do you mean? I love my life the way it is. I don't want kids. But you might change your mind in, like, five years, you know? I don't think I'm going to. I don't want kids, Jane. I just don't. How am I gonna tell Richard? It's gonna break his heart. ♪ I said I'd be there ♪ Forgot to remember ♪ I said I would call ♪ But I wrote you a letter ♪ It's inside my head ♪ Return to sender ♪ I said I would change ♪ This is my year ♪ So worth the wait ♪ Everything starts going my way ♪ ♪ This is my year ♪ That's what they say ♪ Till we wake up on New Year's Day ♪ ♪ This is my year Congratulations. The way that you handled that woman was hot. Mm, well, you know, I could handle you the same way. Mm, oh, yeah? Only if you use your podcast voice. ♪ I'll cherish my mom, I'll get motivation ♪ ♪ I'll learn to forgive ♪ I'll try to be patient What would you say are the biggest issues facing our country today? - Gun violence. - Mm-hmm. Divisive language. Also climate change? Do you agree? - Yes. - Yes, what? Yes, Eva. Are you serious? Good-bye. ♪ I said I'd be there ♪ Forgot to remember ♪ I said I would call... Hey, babe. In here. ♪ It sits in my head ♪ Return to sender ♪ I said I would change, but now it's December ♪ ♪ I keep my hopes ♪ On the shelf Hey, how was the shoot? I love you so much. What's wrong? More than I thought possible. You're starting to scare me. You have to let me get through this because this is really hard, and I have to tell you before a month becomes six months becomes a year and then we're five years in, and I... I... And I can't give you what you want. ♪ So worth the wait, everything starts ♪ ♪ Going my way So... the same way that the miscarriage... made you realize how much you want a baby... ♪ I'll be so strong It made me realize that I don't. ♪ I'll get some sleep, look after myself ♪ I love our life. I love us. I don't want anything else. You're enough for me. And I don't want that to change. ♪ This is my year ♪ So worth the wait ♪ Everything starts going my way ♪ ♪ This is my year I don't want children... and I can't promise you I ever will. ♪ I'll be so strong, I'll eat so well ♪ ♪ I'll get some sleep, look after myself ♪ ♪ Yeah, that's what they say ♪ - ♪ Till we wake up on New Year's Day ♪ - I love you. ♪ This is my year ♪ This is my year Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 