The Bold Type: Season 4, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bold Type 
 s4e5 - Tearing Down the Donut Wall - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bold Type (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 5 - Tearing Down the Donut Wall - full transcript 
 Jane's story on millennial weddings comes to a halt when she uncovers a secret about Jacqueline, Sutton helps Carly take on her school uniform policy without running it by Oliver, and Kat ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "The Bold Type"... I just wanna make sure that you are taking some time for yourself. You can make a difference and have a personal life, if you want one. Make yourself a brand. Influence a little. Get a bunch of Instagram followers. Safford, they love that. - They eat it up. - Yes. We're working through some stuff. It might take a while, but this is a marathon. Verticals are a huge commitment of resources. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You'd virtually be your own editor. I understand. Let's see how your next piece does. How unhappy are you with our marriage? I think about as unhappy as you, Jacqueline. Sutton Brady, will you marry me? Yes. Yeah. See, now, this is my kind of wedding cake tasting. Richard does love frosting. Maybe we should do a make-your-own-donut bar. - Mm. - That's the spirit! You guys, we're getting married! Well, Sutton is getting married. I'm fixing my life with free donuts. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I still love weddings, you know? You and Ryan must be doing great. Yes, but this is not about me. - This is about you. - Mm. And your marriage! Man, weddings have everything. They have style, they have flowers, they have age-old traditions like wedding cake, or, for our generation, donuts. Or like the tradition where you know, the bride feeds the groom the cake. I know, it's so intimate and sweet. - Mm. - Here. What are you doing? Uh, she's sweetly feeding you. - Try it. - You are not being sweet. Oh, my God, you got frosting in my ear! So as we were standing there having our donut wall food fight, it hit me. We should do a wedding roundup. Weddings tap into every angle of our magazine; fashion, food, mixology, romance... Oh, my God. Are we doing a wedding roundup? Yes. No, we... we are not. I admire your passion, Jane, and I appreciate your strategic thinking, but weddings are not exactly new "Scarlet" material, so. But millennial weddings are. We could take a look at what's old and what's new, china or charity registries, heels or sneakers, seating charts or free-for-all. Jane's right. I mean, weddings do trend really well on social. Not to mention the dresses. There are so many dresses. And we have our very own model. Please say yes to letting me help you find the dress. All right, Oliver, have at it with the dresses, - Sage, wedding night sex. - Mm-hmm. Kat, social media tie-ins and celeb couples, and Jane, you better have a pitch. Remember how you were saying you want digital to have more POVs to drive attention to our verticals? Yes. I know that our fans care about our personal lives. Mine, not so much. So I was thinking we could use us. "Scarlet" employees and their relationship to millennial weddings. Sounds like a plan. Knock-knock. Okay, we have to include Zoe Kravitz's biker bride shorts, and I put in a call to Vera Wang. Oh, and that young designer who was in the running for Meghan Markle's ceremony dress would be perfect. She's doing a new line of tuxedos for women. I'm talking silk couture and you're looking at me like I'm talking Mervyns. Are you okay? I have to be. I have a magazine to run. I'm fine, really. Okay. But if you need to talk... I'll keep that in mind. All right. - Can I help you? - You're interviewing your coworkers on their takes on weddings, right? Uh... Uh, fine. Okay, here we go. I don't understand why gay men need to get matching tuxedos when they get married. Like, was there, like, a two-for-one sale? One big patriarchal nightmare. An old man gives a young woman away to another man while she covers herself in a veil of purity. Or are they twins? Did you know the original bouquet was made of garlic to ward off evil spirits and protect the bride? When I get married, I'm gonna walk myself down the aisle. Or do you just, like, lose any sort of identity you have once you get married? Well, I think that maybe they're just trying to be cute. Oh, no. No, Jane. It's embarrassing and infantilizing. And then tossing the bouquet prevented rabid, desperate single women from scratching at the bride trying to get a piece of her good luck. Yay! Marriage equality. Can I get one person who likes weddings? _ Wow. Doesn't get any better than this, Red. Getting paid to plan your own wedding? Trying on dresses with the help of hair and makeup and professional photographers? Oh, yeah, it's great. I do wish Richard was here, though. It is our wedding. Yeah, but the dress is all you, and if you stick to tradition, he shouldn't see it until the big day anyway. Am I gonna stick to tradition? I'm not exactly traditional. Toosh. So many white dresses. Oliver Grayson's office. Carly's principal? I'll put him right on. This is Oliver Grayson. Is she okay? She ripped her uniform and she needs a new one. Okay, you could have led with that. Okay, I'll have a new one sent over right away. Thank you. So sorry to do this to you, Red. Oh, that's okay. I could use a break from this anyway. I'm assuming Carly's uniforms are down at your apartment? Yep, and Carly's school is all the way uptown, so... Happy to do it, Oliver. Thanks, Red. And I'll take over the mood board. Great. Come on. You don't like the first dance? Mm. Lame. Unless it's one of those fun, choreographed ones. I like those. You know what else I like? Check her out. She lists Josh Groban as one of her favorite musicians. - Yeah. - You hate him. I despise him. Did you see that French ped? - Oh, no. - Keep it. - No, no. - Work it. Why would anybody want their toenails to look longer? I don't know, it's so weird. Oh. She's perfect. I'm confused. Well, she's wrong for me in every possible way, which means she's exactly right. - I'm still confused. - Okay, look. I am not looking for anything serious right now, and the one thing I can say about my experience dating women is that they get serious. Fast. You know? What does a lesbian bring to a second date? - Oh, a moving van. - Right. See, it's a lame stereotype, but, unfortunately, I think it might be kind of true. And I am DTF, not DTN. What is DTN? Down to nest. I just made it up. - Cute. - Thank you. - I could see it catching on. - As long as I pick someone that I have no emotional connection to, then everything's gonna be fine. - It's just sex. No feelings. - Mm-hmm. I'm not gonna hurt anyone, so I'm swiping right, baby. Jacqueline, do you have a minute? Oh, Jane. Yeah, come in. Sit. So how's your wedding piece coming? Um, it's great. I've been doing interviews all day. Um... but it did occur to me that I haven't talked to anyone who is married. I see. I really wanna dig deep in the emotion of the actual day, so I was wondering if maybe I could interview you about your wedding day? Oh. Um... If you don't have time, I could... No, no. I mean, I am waiting for a call, but... But yeah, no, before that, we can... sure. Okay. Hi! Hey, Carly, found you. I brought your uniform... Oh, wow. - That's quite the rip. - It's called individuality. I was just trying to explain to Carly that we support individuality through learning and ideas, and not by destroying our school uniform. I've been trying to explain that I don't want to be a clone. - I want to be myself. - Well, this isn't a debate. And I'm hoping Miss... Brady. Miss Brady here can help you make the right choice to put on your uniform and get back to class. I mean, technically, she's wearing the uniform. She just changed it a little bit, right? That's not that big of a deal. I love the glovelettes, by the way. Very preppy post-apocalyptic. This is a big deal, because at this school, we wear a uniform, and in order for a uniform to be uniform, everyone has to look the same. - Yeah. - Great. So my home is basically a museum, and I come here, and I have to look like everyone else. I don't understand why she can't just be herself. Miss Brady, I fear you're not helping. But you have to admit, uniforms are a little bit oppressive and antiquated. Well, if that's how you feel, we've got nothing further to discuss. Carly, I'm sending you home. Don't come back until you're properly dressed. Miss Brady, please leave the school grounds, now. Tell me what you remember about your wedding day. Well, I remember, um, the morning of my wedding, uh, waking up and feeling very... very excited. Very nervous. Yeah, I felt like a... like a teenager. In the very best way. What was your dress like? It was an open-back gown with tulle and lace. I remember my mother giving me a banana, which I did not want, and insisting that I eat it immediately so that I wouldn't faint at the altar like my Aunt Abby did. Which was a good thing, because when I saw Ian at the altar, I, um... I could have fainted. Just from the adrenaline. So when your day comes, eat a banana. I am gonna write that down. Oh, this is international, so I need to take it. Oh, yep, I got it. - Thank you. - Yeah. Ian. Hi. Why are you here? Why is she here? 'Cause Sutton got in a fight with Principal Kay and she won. She's my hero. Y-you know, since you're here, can you, uh, go to the front desk for me - and ask to borrow a highlighter? - Sure. Okay, so get this. She didn't rip her uniform. She redesigned it. - Did you see the glovelettes? - I did. So she didn't need a new uniform at all. They just wanted her to have one. Okay, so you brought her one, but she's not wearing it, and as a result, she's not in school? Right, because she liked the way she looked, and really, why should she be punished for being creative and having a great sense of style and wanting to look like herself? - I see. - I knew you would. So you, Sutton, and my 12-year-old child, took on the school principal, and you both got sent home? Well, when you put it... In what universe did you think that that was a good idea? Carly, come on, let's, uh, get you home. He called me Sutton. Not Red. Sutton. Well, maybe he just feels like you overstepped. Well, I did, but when Carly told me that she didn't want to walk around looking like some clone, it triggered something in me, you know, like... I don't know. Those brides and the big white dresses, it just kind of feels like a... like a uniform. Well, yours doesn't have to be big or white if you don't want it to be. Yeah, I know, it's just... I mean, there is an expectation. Even my mom wants me to wear her wedding dress. - Oh. - That's kind of sweet. No, it's not. She used to get drunk and try it on to see that it still fit and talk about how her ex made a mistake. - Ooh, dark. - Yeah. I mean, growing up, watching my mother depend on men for her own happiness didn't really make me excited to think about my own wedding. Oh, my God. The last thing Oliver probably wants to do right now is dress me. Oh, come on, no. Oliver loves you, all right? You just have to wait till things simmer down, and then you can talk to him. - That sounds like a good plan. - Yep. Oh. Hey, guess what? What? French Ped just messaged me back. - Oh, no. - And we're going out tonight. - No. - Wait a minute. - French Ped as in pedicure? - Yeah. - Oh, no. - Mm-hmm. - I... - What did I miss? It's a whole thing. I'll explain later. You guys, where is my phone? Okay, I must have left it in Jacqueline's office, so have we solved all of our problems? Oh, yeah, baby. Hot and cheesy, here we come. - It's a cool spot. - Yeah. It just opened, so I've never been, but it's definitely got a good vibe. Smells like pancakes, for some reason. - Do you smell pancakes? - Oh, that's probably me. Vanilla moisturizer. Oh. Okay. Uh... Mm-hmm. It's very vanilla-y, and wow. Didn't know that was still a thing. For me it is. I'm pretty much ride-or-die for my vanilla moisturizer. - I get it. - Okay, boilermaker. - Thanks. - Gin gimlet. Thank you... ooh. Sometimes they get wild. Yeah, that's a strong choice. ? That's why you can never be mine ? ? Now I can see through it ? Yeah, I stick with what I'm used to. I'm pretty loyal, you know? Sure. I've never given gin a chance. - Mind if I try? - Uh, sure. ? But barely even knows you ? ? She moved on to somebody new ? Mm. I could get used to that. Can I get another taste? Sure. Like, was there, like, a two-for-one sale? Or are they twins? Or do you just, like... Maybe you should stay longer, Ian. Well, you said you were unhappy. Right, as unhappy as I was, I-I know. I know. I saw a photo of you on the "States & Nations" Instagram and you were laughing and smiling. You looked happier than I've seen you look in a while. And honestly, I wanna be happy too. We owe that to ourselves. I don't know what that means for us. I guess we just take some time while you're away. Oh, hey. Morning. I did not mean to stay the night. Oh, it's all good. I just gotta be at work soon. Yeah, me too. The best thing about waking up on this side of town is there's that awesome egg sandwich place on the corner. Ugh, yes, I love that place. Now that you say it, I'm actually kind of starving. Is it weird if I go with you? No, whatever. It's just an egg sandwich. Right. It's so close and convenient. Hey, I've got this birthday party thing for a friend tonight. Not a big deal, but it should be fun. You wanna go to that? - Uh, sure. - Cool. Good morning, Oliver. Coffee? Caf? Angelina? I feel terrible for the way that I behaved at Carly's school. I overstepped, and I know it. You went completely rogue, Red, even for you. Ah, you called me Red. Hand over that coffee, and sit, and talk to me. What the hell got into you yesterday? Just... making that mood board, and everyone else getting so excited about what I'm gonna wear, it freaked me out. I know that it's supposed to be this incredible feeling, but to me, it just kind of feels like a uniform. And so watching Carly fight for her individuality... It made we want to fight for my own. I didn't know that you were feeling pressure. I guess it just brings up some things. You know, my mom and her failed marriages. You are not your mother. Thank you. Do you really believe in school uniforms? I do. I know it might seem strange since you know I adore clothing, but school uniforms encourages kids to focus on their classes and not each other. For 12-year-old girls, fashion can easily turn into a weapon. With school uniforms, there are no labels, so there's less bullying, less worrying about what to wear to impress friends. I never thought of it that way. I know it might seem anti-intuitive, but having to wear a uniform actually encourages kids to become free, independent thinkers, and if you're still not convinced, you should know that Coco Chanel wore a school uniform. - No. - Yes. How am I supposed to include Jacqueline in my article now? Well, I feel like maybe, and I know this sounds obvious, but maybe you could talk to her. And say what? Um, "I accidentally recorded a very private phone call "between you and your husband and then I listened to it? Twice." - I'd leave out the twice part. - Yeah. You know what? Maybe I'll just give "Scarlet" readers something fun. Easy-breezy, like, I'll turn the whole thing into a listicle. - Are you kidding me? - People do love listicles. Jane's a feature writer. It could be like "Top Ten Wedding I Dos and Don'ts." - Hmm. - How's that sound? Like it would trend well. Mm-mm. No, Jane. This is not you. Look, even if I was okay with the lie of it all, I can't do that to Jacqueline. I mean, writing about her wedding day and how in love they were. I think right now, this is my best option, so I'm gonna do a listicle. Now that that's settled, I would just like to announce that I had great sex last night. - Hmm! - Yeah. - Are we cool to move on? - Mm-hmm. Please tell us. Uh, well, you know, it was uncomplicated. Just good old, fun, old-fashioned sex. And it was great. - Hmm. - Will we be having it again? Uh, yeah. Maybe. Although, I hope it's at her place, because my pillows might forever smell like vanilla-scented moisturizer. And, um, she invited me to this birthday party thing tonight, so I don't know, I think I might swing by that. What happened to not being DTN? Well, I would say there is no N. Mm. Someone was born. People are celebrating. You know what? You know what birds are born into? A nest. Nice. I'm ready. I'm going for all three, and the word is... basement. Okay, basements. Mouse, right? 'Cause mice are in basements. - Yeah, I can see that. - Okay. - Yes! - Nice. Oh look, washer. Okay, so laundry stuff's always in basements. It seems like a stretch, but... I'm going with washer. - Yes! - Nice! Okay, so that means there is one word left. Oh, obviously ghost. Okay, it's my birthday, and I wanna know why. Uh, because ghosts are scary whether you believe in them or not, and basements are scary, and everybody gets murdered in horror movies in the basement, so I think Kat obviously wants me to pick ghost. Yes! - We won? - We won! How did you two do that? - Mind meld. - Hey. Wow. You totally get me. I mean, it was kind of obvious. Not to them. To me. So, uh, I'm gonna get a refill. You want another gimlet? Yeah, yeah. I... I'm just gonna run to the bathroom. - I'll be right back. - Okay. Okay, I'll be right back. So you just ran out? Like, no good-bye, nothing? I panicked. That's a savage ghost. Look, it wasn't the plan, okay? But there I was, you know? Winning "Codenames," smelling her vanilla-scented moisturizer, holding her hand... I had to get out. But if you like her, isn't that a sign that you're ready for something new? But I'm not ready for something new. I just want casual sex. So why did I reach for her hand, and why did I even go to that birthday party? Oh, no. Oh, God. What? What happened? I'm the stereotype. What stereotype? I'm the lesbian that brings the moving van to the second date, that's me! Look, Kat, you are not a stereotypical anything. Remember the "I like it rough" girl? You didn't try to make it work with her. Yes, and the girl from my hometown that stuck her tongue down your throat? - That did not last long. - Right, right, right, right. You should just talk to her. Let her know what's going on. Tell her you really don't want a relationship. All right. I'm gonna break up with a girl I barely know. - Oh, my God, cheers! - Cheers! Okay, so that looks really good right there. Oh, my God. Oh, Sutton! Ooh. Wow. I knew it would be perfect. Oh. Oh, I might cry. Yep, like happy tears. Ooh, what is happening? You like weddings. Yeah, I feel it too. But in a good way. It's not about the uniform or Babs. I'm making my own path. It's about me and Richard. So what do you think? I like it. The photographer's ready. Are you? It's a big shoot. Yeah, it is. It turned out better than I could have expected. It's like a dream. More like a fantasy. It was supposed to be a complement to a thoughtful and provocative piece you were going to write about traditional weddings and millennial trends. Yes, and there's nothing more millennial than a listicle, - so I just thought... - You'd just phone it in. Well, I know it's not my best work... I would say it's your worst work. Certainly not worthy of somebody who wants her own vertical. I mean, a lot of money went into your wedding idea, Jane. We have budgets, numbers to hit, people to answer to. This is not a hobby. I'm sorry. You should be. I mean, what happened? This is truly unacceptable. What happened is... personal. We all have personal problems, Jane. We come in, and we still do the work. Yes, well, this was personal about you. I accidentally recorded your phone call with Ian. And I didn't want to write an in-depth piece about weddings and how great yours was when I know that your marriage is in trouble. Hey. Thank you for today. The room, and... the dress. It was so special. I'm really lucky to have you in my life. I'm lucky to have you too. And listen, what I said earlier about Carly and uniforms... She's a kid, and kids need rules, as I've learned, but you are a grown woman. And you don't need the bridal uniform if you don't want it. I liked it more than I was expecting. Hmm, I kind of thought you would. I sent a picture to my mom too. She loved it. So I think when it's time to really look, I'm not gonna limit myself, because this dress surprised me. Hey, speaking of surprises, I think I have an idea for Carly. A way to support her need for individuality without stepping on the uniform rules. I'm all ears. - Oh, hi. - Hey. Thanks for meeting me. Especially after I bailed on you last night. That was so shady, and you really didn't deserve it. Well, we agree on that point. Right. I just... I wanted to see you, you know, in person to tell you I'm sorry, and I know it's kind of a clich?, everyone says this, but it's not you, it's me. Really, I'm not in a place in my life right now where I can be emotionally available, and I'm realizing... No, I believe you. I know I'm great. It's definitely you. I do wish you the best, Kat. Thanks. You too. Bye. - Oh, I didn't order that. - No, I know. I heard the breakup, and I remember that one of you ordered it before, so. Oh. Well... Ah! Women, am I right? Is that a photo of your parents? Yeah. They had a summer wedding. They promised not to see each other before, but they couldn't stand to be apart, so they asked my aunt to deliver love notes back and forth. I know every detail of their wedding day. Weddings are magical. They seem outside and... protected from normal life. I've been looking at photos of my own a bit lately. Jane, you said that you stopped writing your article because my marriage was rocky, but I think that you are protecting something way more personal than that. I think you're protecting your fantasy of "happily ever after." Yeah. Can I ask what happened with you and Ian? Um... I stopped making time for him. And eventually, he stopped making time for me, and... it took us both a long time to admit that. Wow, you're the one who's going through it, and I'm... I'm the one who took the easy way out. If I could go back and do it again, I would... I would do things differently. Can I do it over again? You have two hours. Okay. Ready? Okay, open your eyes. What's going on? Sutton wisely brought it to my attention that you've been living in a tasteful yet boring guestroom, otherwise known as a museum. It is a museum. And that you should have a space all your own that honors your personality and individuality. - For real? - For real. We're gonna redecorate your room, and you're the boss. Whatever you want. New furniture, accessories, I'm gonna make it happen. Even post-apocalyptic preppy. I want you to have a room where you can feel exactly like yourself, especially since I know that you don't love wearing the school uniform. I don't love it, but if wearing it will help me be as amazing as Sutton, I'll do it, I promise. Thank you. Of course. Thank you, Ollie. _ Honey? You okay? Yeah. Hey, Dad. I-I'm great. You okay? Ah, sure, just dealing with the damn coffee machine. The one that's been mostly broken for three years? Yep. But you know me, why buy a new one when the old one could be fixed? 'Cause a new one might be even better. Yeah, your brother keeps telling me the same thing. What's going on? I am writing a piece about weddings for work, and so, I have been looking through Mom's wedding album. You are always looking for the personal angle, aren't you? Yeah. I am. Um... I know every detail of your wedding day, but I realized I don't really know anything about your actual marriage. You know, day-to-day stuff, like... I mean, did you two brush your teeth together at the same time each night, or... I know we don't really... we don't really talk about this stuff, but I'd like to, if you can. Your mother and I, we had the most wonderful marriage. And things got really hard toward the end, of course, but even then, she used to... she'd leave me these little cute Post-it Notes for me to find in the car or in my shoe. Always just little reminders of how much she loved me. Um... She liked brushing her teeth watching the evening news, and I needed the sink, 'cause I always seem to make a mess, but we got into bed together, and she'd read, and I'd snore. Um... Do you... Do you think that if Mom was still alive, that you two would still be together? You know, after all this time? Oh, Janey. Your mom used to say that a good marriage, it's a constant dance of commitment, compromise, and communication. All I can tell you is that we had all three. - I love you, Dad. - I love you too. So while we're on the subject, is there a... Do you have a guy in your life? Someone I should know about? Um... Yeah. Yeah, I do. His name is Ryan, and it's... it's pretty serious. I think you'd really like him. Hmm, I don't like the sound of this guy. Burning the midnight oil? Always, it seems. So, uh, what brings you to my humble photo shoot? You were right, earlier. I wasn't okay. Ian and I are hitting some bumps, and... While he's away, we're separating. Damn. I'm sorry to hear that. Now that I'm moving into new territory, I just... I need some help finding myself again. I got you. "The truth is, weddings, "regardless of old traditions and new trends, "have lasted the test of time "because humans keep falling in love. "And for better or worse, "people in love continue to take "a very worthwhile leap of faith towards their happily ever after." - It's so good. - Thanks! Oh, my God. What? 15,000 followers? I think it's 'cause I got tagged in the "Scarlet" bridal shoot. Oh, my gosh! Sutton! You're an influencer now. Don't leave me hanging! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 