The Family Chantel: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Family Chantel 
 s2e2 - A New Family Feud - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Family Chantel (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - A New Family Feud - full transcript 
 Chantel's suspicions about Royal's relationship with Angenette grow after talking to Winter and River. As Pedro plans a trip to NYC, Chantel gets big news about her graduation. Sibling ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My focus right now is school and passing my exams. Graduation is a few weeks away, and I am so done. Jah, I know you have a son. After finding out that Jah has another child, my life kind of was turned upside down. Don't be in there messing up my restroom. So I decided to come home to my parents' house. Our family has expanded, with royal, our oldest son, coming back with his beautiful bride, Angenette. Every time when I'm around her, she's shut off a little bit. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sounds like she was fishing for an American. A toast to girls' night. Just a little. I am excited and nervous as well because royal's not around. Royal just did not want her to be out. There's just some things that are not adding up. I still don't really understand what happened at club night. I don't... We were at the club... Like the royal or Angenette, I don't understand that situation. Before we even got to the club, royal texted her and asked her if she was ready to come home. We get in, we just start having some drinks, and then royal shows up. It does not sound like that night went well. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You know Chantel likes going to the club and she likes to party and go out and do stuff like that. I really don't like doing that, but I did want to go along and, like, you know, show Angenette a good time. But when royal came to pick Angenette up at the club, it makes me think that he doesn't trust her and, like, he doesn't trust us. Mm. You know, I just think that she's putting on this sweet-girl act, but I feel like there's something that's lying beneath the surface. But he knows it. Royal told me, clearly at the beginning of their relationship, that Angenette had been talking to four or five or six American guys before they started dating and that they have each other's social media passwords. Well, I mean, that's odd. That's very strange. Well, he doesn't trust her. She casted her net of messages and dms to see who was gonna bite. Okay. Does royal seem happy? No. And why do you say that? Because he can't trust her. I don't like it. Yeah. I don't want to see that either. So you haven't told mom anything about Angenette? No, I haven't. Mommy and daddy are trying to be really accepting of Angenette, and I didn't want to be the one to bring up these concerns to them. Yeah. So I don't know what to do. Yeah. It's nice to be able to tell my siblings my feelings about Angenette. At this point, I think that my mom and dad are definitely more trusting of Angenette and royal and they are accepting of the relationship. I don't know. Mm. I think you guys should just, uh, keep this on the low because royal just came back. You know, he was gone for a while. So, I mean, you don't want to hit him with a curve ball as soon as he came back. Like, that'd be kind of suckish. Yeah. But at the same time, I don't want anybody to take advantage of him. Right now it's all "he say/she say." Like, nobody... Royal hasn't told me anything. I rarely see royal make a bad decision. Rarely. What? Rarely seen him make a bad decision. Well, I really don't know who Angenette is, and I can't really say that her intentions are true. Mm. Welcome to the varsity, what'll you have? Hi. I would like one cheeseburger. I'm gonna have a grilled chicken sandwich, a fry, and a water. Ooh. Grilled today. We're going lean. And I would like one coke with the first order. What do you want, river? Let me get that triple stack burger, no bacon. And let me get cheese fries. And let me get two naked dogs and some water. Oh, my gosh. I had a good night yesterday. I don't like calling it a hangover. I got a little bit buzzed. Yeah! Is this everything? Oh, this looks great. Oh mmm. River, are you happy? Hell yeah. The roommates don't let me eat like this. Yeah, it's different with the parents. Yeah, but, winter, I don't want to be mean, but you gonna get out, like, the house? Oh, whenever I feel like it. I think you shouldn't move out any time soon. I think you should stay at home with mom and dad. No. No. Because, I mean, what's the alternative? You don't have anything else to do. I mean, I could go back with Jah. She could live with you. Oh, yeah. No, no, no. I think it's too soon. I mean, he's been lying to you for years. Since the D.R., winter hasn't taken many steps that I can see to deal with her situation with Jah. But every time that I try to talk to my sister about Jah, she gets really defensive and she thinks that someone's trying to attack her. What's the deal, winter? Have you talked to that lying guy? We're still, like, talking about things and trying to work things out. Like, I just don't understand. How could you hide a human from your girlfriend? Like, how could you hide your own son? Look, I hear what you guys are saying, and I agree that it really was, like, a pretty situation, but... Yeah. Very ...I feel like you guys are just judging a lot. Chantel definitely is stressing me out. Ever since that whole bomb went off in my life, she's just been stressing me out. But for, like, the last, I'd say month and a half, he's been, like, inviting me out and coming to my job and bringing flowers and things like that. And... It's complicated. He said that he's sorry, but I don't know. Eventually I feel like I could forgive him for lying to me. So, have you thought more about weight-loss surgery or... Yeah, I have. I've been doing some research online, and I decided to go to a doctor to learn more about all these different tools that you can use to lose weight. Like, they have balloons, they have the gastric-sleeve, bypass, like, just so many different things. But it's a really big decision, and my insurance doesn't cover it. So I'd have to pay for it out of pocket. Chantel will help pay. You will? You're like, "what? No." I will help you in any way that I can. We can go to the gym. We can start dieting together. You just let me know what you need, and I'll be there. You let her know how much it costs. Well, thank you. 'Cause she'll help. I started considering taking more drastic steps after me and Jah's drama, because I lost 50 pounds last year, but I feel like right now I'm not living up to my fullest potential. But I'm really not sure if my sister is really on board because she wants me to get healthy or that she's just tired of having a fat sister. What are you gonna do when you have your brand-new body? I really don't know. Are you gonna wear a little, little bikini? I don't know about that one. Hello. Hello. I've gone on several interviews, but this is my dream job. You seem nervous. Are... are you nervous? So, what is Pedro planning for your graduation gift? Nicole is dating a guy in New York, and Pedro really wants to go and meet this guy. How is that your graduation gift? That's like bringing your wife, on Christmas, a dust mop. My graduation ceremony is days away. I still have one exam left to take. I cannot wait to just finish school, get out there, and start working as a nurse. And today I have an interview with a plastic surgeon. I'm wearing my suit and my glass slippers, just so that she knows that I'm a girly girl... And I know what looks good. Hello. I have an interview with Dr. Myla. What's your name? Chantel. Okay. Go ahead and take a seat and I'll let her know that you're here. Thank you. No problem. I've gone on several interviews, many of which were like job fairs for future RNs. Go in. She's ready for you. Thank you. But this is totally different. This is my dream job in my profession. This is exactly the sort of thing that I want to do as a nurse. Dr. Myla? Chantel. Hello. Hello. It's nice to meet you. I'm Chantel. Dr. Myla. Welcome. Have a seat. Is that your resume? Yes, ma'am. And how'd you hear about my office? Um, I just did some research online, and I saw that you have a reputable practice here. And... I've always been interested in aesthetic nursing. You seem nervous. Are... are you nervous? Yes, I am nervous. It's not... I'm not... I don't bite. You know, just relax. I just want to get to know you. So, do you have any questions for me? Um... So, what is, like, your... Most common patient coming in? From a surgical standpoint, I do a lot of liposuction. Okay. And then I do Botox and filler. Is that something that you would be interested in doing? Yeah. I'm definitely interested in learning how to do the injection. Have you had any things done before yourself? A little bit of Botox right here. I just got it. I feel like the injections that I have have reversed some of the signs of stress that Pedro and his family have inflicted upon me. I don't want to say things that don't matter. Let me see you grimace. Oh, its working. It worked. Can we do some role play? Sure. Act like you answered the phone. Okay. Hello. Ederra plastic surgery. Chantel speaking. I'm calling because I just got some Botox from Dr. Myla last week and one of my eyebrows is drooping. Okay. Well, we need to get you an appointment right away. I don't have time to come back up there. I already came up there once. Can I get some money back or something? Like, what's the deal? Yes, you can. Um, we just need to really see about your health because we don't know what kind of reaction this is. My health? It's just Botox. Are you kidding me? Can I talk to somebody else? Where's Amanda? Um, would you like to speak to Amanda? Yes, I would. Okay. One moment. Good job. We're gonna let it be Amanda's problem next. Right. I thought she was very endearing and she seemed to be very focused on trying to set up a career for herself that's in alignment with her passion. We are a doctor's office, but we are very much a part of the beauty industry. So she's like a natural for it. You know, I was very intrigued and interested in her as an applicant. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. It was so nice meeting you. Nice to meet you. I really hope that I get the job. I'm not sure if I did a good job in my interview, but this is something that I really want to be a part of. I want to help people look better and feel better about themselves. Hi. Hey. It's good to see you. Good to see you. What you got there? Well, I'm looking at some jewelry. Don't you just love this place? It's so you. It's been a long time since my family did a family photo... I mean a really long time. And now royal's back along with his wife, Angenette. So I decided it would be a good idea to do a holiday photo with our entire family, which is definitely going to be bigger and better. Boot heaven. Aw. Oh, here some sweaters are. What is exactly the theme of the photo shoot? The theme is... Ugly sweaters! Yeah. That is the ugliest sweater. Is it not? But I don't want to wear something that ugly. Yes, you do... for the ugly-sweater photo shoot. I have a wonderful vision for the family photo. My vision is that all of the family would come together, wear one of the ugly sweaters, and we'll have all kinds of fun memories about it. I got married on the first day of winter. I named my second child winter. That's your third. You sure about that? Third. Third. Third child, second girl. But wintertime is my favorite season of the year. And, uh, anyway, it'll be awesome. Are you still on point for graduation? So, I actually have had a job interview. You did? Yes. Ma'am. It's at a plastic surgeon's office. Okay. And I really want to work there. What tests do you have left? My final exam. I really need to make a good grade. So, what is Pedro planning for your graduation gift? He told me that he's gonna take me to New York. Why New York? Nicole is dating a guy in New York, and Pedro really wants to go and meet this guy. How is that your graduation gift? Um, right. I've thought the same thing, but it is a gift. This trip is supposed to be my gift for graduation. But then Pedro admitted to me that his mom wants him to go to New York, all because Nicole's meeting her boyfriend there and that he wants me to come. This is another example of Pedro putting his mom and sister first and then trying to include me at the last minute. It's up. So your gift upon your graduation is to put you on a plane and fly you across this country to see a girl that does not like you... And I don't like her. ...And you don't like her. But for you as a gift, your husband's taking you up there to see her. That's like bringing your wife, on Christmas, a dust mop. So, you know we went out the other night... I do... Me winter, the girls... And we brought Angenette with us. Yeah, I know. How was that? The fact is that royal came and spoiled everything. I mean, he's very protective of Angenette. But, you see, I don't think she's as innocent as she is trying to portray herself. We're there having a good time, and he doesn't even trust her enough to let her have it. He came there, swooped her up, told us all that we were drunk, and then... and then left, and I'm mad at him. Well, he's mad at you too. What did he say? He said at his birthday, you and Pedro were asking a lot of questions about Angenette and he was implying that Angenette is a mail-order bride. That is so not cool. It bothered royal to the power. And I mean the power. Yeah. He was not happy. Well, I mean... Not happy. Pedro's just asking questions. Why? Because he didn't see anybody named Angenette registered on his immigration scandal website? He needs to learn everybody is not a crook. I can't believe you just said that. Everybody is not scandalous and sneaky and tricking people and using them. She's a regular girl. She's not a user. How do you know? I think she is. I get that vibe. But you don't know. You've never been to her country. You only known her for what? A few weeks. My son's a grown man, and I'm sure he is fully capable of determining... What's a good situation for him and what is not. So I don't really have any concrete reason to mistrust Angenette's intentions with my son. If I found out that her intentions were not sincere, I would definitely change my opinion of her. I know you're not proud of me right now. You're not, but... Yeah. ...don't judge me. You, out of anybody, should know how much this hurts now! But you're not giving me what I need. Hey. I have bad news. Well, I have good and bad news. The good news is I passed all my classes. The bad news is... I can't graduate. My test average is three points off. No, it's the truth. This is what happened. I took my exam immediately after... I practiced walking across the stage. They gave me this. And then they posted the grade, and they told me that, um, I have to reapply to the next semester. I can't graduate. And... Did you see me studying for my exam? Did you see how hard I was working? I studied with that same strength the entire time. It just happens. You think that nursing school is like undergrad classes? It's not. It's not. It's so hard. If I was in any other degree program, I'd be walking. Yeah, I chose it. This is what I want to do. Yes, I am ready. Like, I just have been having these thoughts, like when I graduate, it was supposed to be now. It was supposed to be now... Like, not next semester. You know, I want it to be with my friends and I wanted us to, like, start our careers together, and, um... I don't know. I don't want to talk about it. I want to talk about it anymore, really. I know you're not proud of me right now. You're not, but... Yeah. ...I do need for you to be proud of me no matter what... No matter what, Pedro. My friends, there's still proud of me! They are supporting me! And they know how much this means! And you, out of anybody... You, out of anybody, should know how much this hurts me right now! But you're not giving me what I need. You're not! You're not! You're not! Yes, I understand. I understand that you feel like you can't start your life. Fresh New York air. I have the worst headache. I feel like you're going down the wrong path. I'm not going down the wrong path. And don't let me get started with Jah, winter. I really am tired of you treating me like I'm a doormat. Tired of you! I treat you like a doormat? 'Cause what about Jah treating you like a doormat? Everybody calm down. You do. Hey! What's going on, Mr. Pedro? Hi! All right. All right. It's a good day to drive. Let me lock the door, 'cause I don't want to fall out. Okay. Okay. So here we go. Hold on for a second. We just don't want to use the horn. Oh. Okay. Pedro, are you with me? Yeah, I'm with you. Let's put it in drive. Now I go onto the road? Yes. To the road. Yes! You'll be fine. Oh, ai-y-yi. Here we go. No, we don't honk at people just because they're... Okay. Good. At the stop, we're gonna make a right turn. That's a little fast. Okay. Okay. All right. So now we're gonna keep straight in this Lane. Okay. So we don't... We don't want to do that. And then you jerked the wheel. Did you feel? That was a little sharp. Yeah. Okay. So we're just gonna kind of tap on the gas a little bit. There we go. Okay. Is your foot on the brake? This is a green light. This is a green light. This is a green light. This is a green light. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. No. This is a green light. Okay. So let's just go ahead and give it some gas. Okay. There we go. Yeah, it's a green light. Okay. Thank you. There we go. Okay. If I had to rate Pedro on a scale from 0 to 10, he's a 3. Uh, but with proper instruction and with proper practice, he can be a 10 in no time. Okay. I'll see you next time. Okay. Uh-huh. Jah has changed my sister so much. Jah treats you that way. You do! Calm down, guys. All because of Christmas. All because your dumb ass! Bitch! Perfect. Now my hair is gonna get even worse. Today my family is taking a Christmas picture. But I told my mom what happened with school, and I know that she told everyone, but I'm really disappointed, and they all agreed not to talk about it. Well, this is something that my mom planned, and we went out and we bought... All of these sweaters so that... ...we can take a family photo, make this Christmas card for all of our family to see. Yeah, a Christmas card. This is supposed to be a happy family photo shoot, but I haven't seen royal since the night of the club, and now royal is angry at Pedro for all of the questions he asked about Angenette at royal's birthday party. I mean, it's just gonna be completely awkward. Oh, this is so nice. Uh, my mom. Yeah. Good... good judgment, right? Sometimes. Hey, you guys. Hey, winter! Hey, river. Oh, everybody's here now. - We got the goods. - Some surprises. We have something for you, you, you, and you. We got the good stuff. See? Look here. Look at that. We have some things like that. Wait for it. Ah! There we go. The gorilla? Hopefully royal and Angenette will show up, because... Pedro, you can wear the little gnomes. See? Little leprechaun. You guys did not say that it was gonna be an ugly Christmas sweater. What's wrong with Christmas? I don't celebrate Christmas. You celebrated Christmas your whole life. This is a family portrait. We made Christmas cookies. We had Christmas stockings. And we sat on Santa. Yeah, when I was little. Sat on his knee. But moving forward, I don't celebrate Christmas. I don't understand Christmas anymore. I think it's just about commercials. Like, you know, everyone, they just want you to buy so much stuff and spend all your money. And it's like, for what? Why? I know how you feel about Christmas. What's wrong with it? We won't have a Christmas tree in here. We're just gonna take pictures in these sweaters. Full of surprises. Look. Okay. I choose not to be in this conversation anymore. Why? I was aware that winter had decided that she no longer celebrates Christmas. She celebrated every year before, so I didn't think that would have anything to do with us coming together as a family to take a picture. Also, I do believe that Jah did introduce winter to the new belief system. Winter, I don't want to say what I want to say... Every time I start talking, someone else starts cutting me off because... But I feel like you're a hypocrite. ...'cause she's very rude. Hypocrite. Very rude. I am rude. Every time I start talking... I am being rude, because... ...She starts cutting me off. ...I need to get this through your head. I feel like you're going down the wrong path. I'm not going down the wrong path. And don't let me get started with Jah, winter. When my sister didn't want to wear the holiday sweater, I did make it about Jah, because even though she's not even with him, he has changed my sister so much, and he's been keeping her from celebrating holidays with us and seeing her extended family. Why are you trying to tear down winter? See, it's because she... Because we're talking about Christmas. Chantel, secretly, I don't want to say what she really feels. If she doesn't want to do it... What do I feel? Winter, tell me how I secretly feel. And I really am tired of you... Tell me how I secretly feel. ...dragging me around, treating me like I'm a doormat. Oh, I treat you like a doormat? Tired. Tired of you! I treat you like a doormat? 'Cause what about Jah treating you like a doormat? Everybody calm down. You do. Jah treats you that way. You do. Calm down, guys. All because of Christmas. Where are they going? All because your dumb ass! Bitch! When I walked in, you were twerking. I like to twerk. Getting attacked by my own family is the last thing that I expected. Is that the type of situation that married women should be... Should submit themselves to? I have tried to diet before, but it never worked. All right, winter. We're gonna get your weight. The reality is, your chance of dying early is much higher. Baby. This is what I'm gonna be wearing for you in New York. It will be nice to get away after everything that's happened, but it seems like it's really just a trip to go meet Nicole's boyfriend. You seem a little nervous, baby. Relax. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 