The Family Chantel: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Family Chantel 
 s2e5 - A Thrilla in Manila - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Family Chantel (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - A Thrilla in Manila - full transcript 
 A shocking secret about Royal and Angenette's relationship surfaces just as the family heads to the Philippines for their wedding. Meanwhile, in the Dominican Republic, Nicole braces ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I feel like maybe royal doesn't trust you enough. He needs to trust me because I'm not doing anything bad. Now, listen, we will be going to Asia real soon. I still don't trust Angenette's intentions, but mom just isn't seeing it. I am looking forward to meeting Angenette's parents. Hopefully, they're nice people and they're not pathetic users. We're leaving tomorrow for my brother's wedding in the Philippines, and I'm feeling pretty much the same about Angenette. She lied to me at the dress shop straight to my face 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 saying that she wasn't fishing for American men before she met my brother. - Mom. - Chantel, is that you? Yes. Look what I've got. Great. I couldn't find these anywhere. Mm-hmm. We're getting ready to leave the country, and go to the Philippines, but all of a sudden, there's this outbreak called coronavirus, and the outbreak is happening in China. China is in very close proximity to the Philippines. We've packed everything. Got my soap, my water, my Lysol and, thanks to you, my masks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is a little unnerving for me that we are traveling from the safety of where we are all the way to the other side of the world where the coronavirus is. I really do not prefer to go on the plane for that long, but since it's royal's wedding, I really want to be there. Yeah, I wouldn't miss it for the world. So, I talked to your brother. You remember what happened to royal and Angenette last month? I remember. He explained to me that when they found out they were expecting, he made a comment, "what if it's not mine?" Why do you think he even said that? Do you think he thought something strange was going on in the Philippines while he wasn't there? Maybe he saw something that looked a little sketchy to him. I just don't know. No, not really. These things are things that royal's told me before, and I'm not shocked to hear them. I just didn't know that he was gonna tell my mom. Royal and I are really close. He always calls or texts whenever he has a problem with Angenette or if they're ever arguing, and he tells me things about her that make me feel like she's not treating him well. That's why I've been so suspicious of her and worried for my brother, honestly. He tells me not to tell anyone, so now that my mom knows this information, it's kind of, like, a weight off of me. Before royal gets married to Angenette legally in the Philippines, we need to have conversations and figure out what Angenette's true intentions are with him because I don't trust her. Yes. Well... I do not trust her intentions with my brother from the beginning. Well, I know they've been having their problems, but... I hear everything. Every time when they argue, I get a phone call, and I know what's going on, and I don't like the way she treats him. I just don't know. I just really don't know. Because honestly, royal told me that she was talking to four and five guys, five and six... Wow... Before they decided to have a relationship, and they were all American. They also share each other's social-media passwords, so you know there's a lot of mistrust there. Yes. I want to meet Angenette's parents. I'd like to have a conversation with them. Well, we still don't even know her that well. Royal chalks it up to the fact that she's very shy. The things that royal has told me about their arguments and conversations does not sound like a shy girl. Yet when she comes around and she doesn't open her mouth to anybody, royal says that she's shy. Behind closed doors, she's being everything but shy. Is that what you're saying? Well, yes. Shy girls don't get out of their comfort zone and talk to four or five American guys. That's a fishing girl. That's a sneaky girl. I know that it's a sensitive situation. My family sort of walks on eggshells around royal because we don't want to push him away, and when he feels uncomfortable, he distances hisself from the family. I'm really glad that all of this is out in the air, but I'm going to keep an open mind. Keep an open mind, but you have to have some kind of guard up, because we don't know this girl. I always keep my guard up, trust me. Know that. We don't know her intentions upon this family. I hope that the Philippines will be a chance for the entire family to get to the bottom of who Angenette really is and going forward we can find out more and more about her motives. Okay. Alright. See you at the airport. Ay! Oh, wow. Bye. It's going to be a thrillah in Manila. What the hell... A pig on a table? Ah I'm gonna be so cute. Ugh. I don't know. We don't know anything about Angenette's family. We don't know anything about the Philippines, really, at all. When we went dress-shopping, I asked her about how she met royal and if she messaged any other guys before she met royal that were in America. And it seemed like she was about to cry. I guess I was the only fish you could catch, as well. Thanks, hon. My main goal is to protect royal. And I would love for Angenette to prove me wrong on this trip. Let's just see what happens. Everybody's on the same plane. We're meeting my family at the airport. For the plane. Yeah. Ayyyyyy! I hope that this trip that we will get an opportunity to actually get to know the real Angenette. Well, I'm... you can hope that, but I'm just going to see my brother get married and I'm leaving. Nothing more, nothing less. But they're already married. Well, he wants to get married again. I mean, I'm going to see my brother get married again. Shoot, when I get married, I'm having two wedding... Three weddings. Everyone has two now. I'm getting three. Hmm. So, we got winter right here. Winter's styling, profiling. Look at them. Okay. Wow, you guys. The flight is a 13-hour flight. We're in for a long journey. Are you up for it? Up for the journey. After learning more about my son and my daughter-in-law's relationship, I just don't know what to think anymore. Angenettte, what you doing?! Yeah! There are a lot of things that really bother me now. A lot of information that I didn't have before, but I have now. So I guess we'll see what happens once we get to the Philippines. - Karen, we made it. We're here. - Yes, we did. - Oh, my gosh. - Oh, my gosh. This is amazing. - Oh, yes. - I'm so excited. It's been a few months since I moved from the Philippines to United States, and I feel so very happy to be back home, and I feel very excited to see my family. - That flight was too long. - It was, definitely too long. That flight was way too long. Since this is my home country, I set up some transportation for the whole family. - Where we going to stay at? - Okay, yeah. You in first. Whoo-hoo! Oh, my gosh! In you get. Spray Lysol. Spray some Lysol after the door closes. We have boots on the ground right now. Yes, boots on the ground. It's going down. This is great, guys. I can't wait to meet Angenette's family. Hopefully they're nice, and we're all of one accord. Right, guys? - Yes. And if anything does go awry, it's all for one and one for all. If things don't go well in the Philippines, it's going to be a thrillah in Manila. Are you with me? Are you down? - Yes. - Who's not with me? If you're not with me, get out... get out the Van. Just get out of the Van. Right now, as a family, we're gonna stay in Manila for a few days before we arrive at Angenette's village. Oh, we're here already. We're definitely gonna take in some of the sights and kinda learn Angenette's culture a little bit. Yeah. I'm so tired. Oh, my gosh. What? Your feet smell. I smell them now that I lean down here. Did you wear socks? That's the first problem. The moment that you took your shoes off, the room filled with nacho cheese dorito smell. The fumes. Don't blame it on the Philippines. You gonna unpack your... I'm going to unpack my pot. You'd better be glad I brought the pot. I'm glad you brought it because you think of everything. You glad I brought the pot? You think of everything. I sure do. This will be my pot spot. I have a slow cooker. I brought a slow cooker. I brought soup. I brought oatmeal. Handle all your culinary needs right here. I brought shrimp noodles. I brought Asian noodles. When else did I bring? Beef noodles. Mmm. If I go to a restaurant and, you know, they don't have things that I can actually eat, I do intend to ask them if they don't mind if I hook up my pot. I'm not allowed to see your wedding dress, baby. Alright. Yeah, the closet's good. How do you feel about being here? I'm excited. Well, I just hope that they don't embarrass us. Mm-hmm. And act a fool. I know what happened in the D.R., and there's no need for any kind of drama or any speculations or any kind of mischief here in the Philippines. Uh... There's a river and there's alligators in there, so... Somebody's getting tossed. - Just chew, just chew. - It's a bird. Ew! You bit its head off! Ay! Aah! Ay! Aah! Mnh. Mm-hmm. Mmm. Mmm. Oh, wow. Aww. Ah? Mmm. Mm-hmm. Sí. I'm concerned because I feel as though Angenette, she might very well be using my son. Yeah, I'll eat one. Oh, yeah! Come on. Let's go, let's go. What's a jeepney? A jeepney is like this right here. Yeah, that's so cool. It's like a bus. Oh, - Whoa! - Royal told me about one. I can't believe I'm actually in one now. - Whoa! - Whoo! - This is pretty cool. - This is cool. The street is so crowded. What the hell... A pig on a table? - Wow. - What the...? I'm not eating this. Oh, my god. - Did they just kill a chicken? - Oh, I bet Pedro can't wait to get one of them. Pedro, does this remind you of the D.R.? I don't want it. I'm not having it. I'm not gonna eat it. I'm learning Tagalog, which is... Is Angenette's native tongue, and I know that some of her relatives do not speak English. So I'm learning Tagalog, and when I say, "no, thank you," it will be in Tagalog. What is that? Alright. Somebody let me out. I wish that sometimes my family would... ...be a little more adventurous. Oh, lord. And embrace, like, the culture here totally. They shouldn't make a big deal about it. If they would just zip it and open their eyes They'd be able to see something new that might even change their views on a lot of things. Come on. Let's go, let's go. Try and stay close. Alright, try to stay close here, though. Oh, my goodness. What is that? - It's just a wet market? - Yeah. So, it's kind of like a farmer's market, but outside? - Okay. - Hey, guys, we're gonna... We're gonna go this way and eat some street food. Let me see it. Let me see it. Maybe I'll taste it. Is it like a boiled egg? - Duck embryo? - Yeah. - Oh, no, I'm good. - Unh-unh. - Nah, I can't do that. - No, I can't do a balut. Yeah, I'll eat one. Put a little sauce on it, royal. - Oh, yeah! - Oh, my gosh. - Whoo! - Who's next? Who's next? Wait, it has feathers! Turn it around. It has feathers. You're a brave man, royal. Pedro, for you. Pedro, are you gonna eat that? Let me see, okay? I mean, I have an adventurous taste in food. I mean, come on. I eat Sushi, but... You can't blame me for not wanting to eat a fully-formed duck egg. Like, a duck. Pedro, are you going to eat it, man? - Let me see, okay? - That's a duck in there. - Let me see this. - You're going to see his head. If this is the only thing to eat, I guarantee you that by the time I return to America, I should be 20 pounds lighter. Don't look, man. Just eat it. - That's a fully formed bird. - Om, Nom, Nom. - Just chew it. Just chew it. - That's a bird. Ew, you bit his head off. Pedro. It had feathers on it and everything. Especially the one that royal ate. It's not bad, it's not bad, it's not bad. - Yeah. - Let's go. - Look at something else. - Hey, yeah. Oh. - Disgusting, man. - Gracias. I mean... Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. - We have hot dogs on a stick? - Yeah. Who wants a hot dog on stick? Angenette is definitely more comfortable back home in the Philippines. She is more confident, more talkative, and definitely more aggressive. Maybe this is the real her. I'm concerned because I feel as though Angenette, she might very well be using my son. I hope that's not the case, but if it is, there is a thing called Karma, and the last time I checked, Karma is a mother. I'm a mother. Karma is a mother. So if her intention is to use my son, then she can look forward to the mother and the mother. Karma. I'm ready to go back to the hotel. Lidia. Bueno. Okay. Why? Um... Really? I don't remember saying anything like that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 