The Family Chantel: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Family Chantel 
 s2e6 - Loose Lips Sink Ships - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Family Chantel (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Loose Lips Sink Ships - full transcript 
 As the family Chantel prepares for the Philippines wedding, Chantel and Pedro try to get to the bottom of Royal and Angenette's trust issues, and it leads to an explosive confrontation. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Spray Lysol. I don't want it. I'm not having it. I'm not going to eat it. Royal explained to me that when they found out they were expecting, he made a comment, "what if it's not mine?" Karma is a mother. If her intention is to use my son, then she can look forward to the mother... And the mother. [ Crashes, she screams ] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪♪ [ Singing in Spanish ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Oh, I'm okay. The food here is bothering me a lot. Yeah, duck egg, I know. How do you feel about being a groomsman? Do you feel honored? Groomsmen. Actually, he told me that you're all his best men. I hope so. I'm going to be going dress shopping and then after that meet Angenette's friends. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 While we go dress shopping, Pedro's going to pick out his traditional Filipino outfits, and later on, me and winter are going to meet up with Angenette and her some friends for some drinks. I'm hoping that when Angenette is with her friends, she'll be more outgoing. Maybe it'll shed some light on how royal and Angenette met in the first place. One of the best man. You said "man." And now you said "ma'am." Say "men" and then say "man." [ Laughs ] No. It's okay. Don't worry about it. Bye. Okay. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Laughing, squealing ] What bouquet? Catch, catch! [ Laughter ] ♪♪ ♪♪ I don't know. I think she's delusional. I think she's had a little too much alcohol tonight. ♪♪ ♪♪ Woman: I can't believe we're in the Philippines. This is so awesome. Chantel, did you get the information from Angenette? I have it right here. This is going to be interesting. We're not going to be with Angenette. That's right. Angenette is letting us be out on our own. We can make it. We're American. We can make it. Let's do the cheer... We can make it if we try, v-i-c-t-o-r-y. Do it. Angenette's kind of shady. I don't know why she didn't come with us to go dress shopping. She just sent us an address and was, like, alright. I feel like she's so guarded with us still. I feel like she's hiding a lot. I was really hoping in the Philippines that we would get to know a little bit more about who she really is. ♪♪ So, this is one of the store front shops that we're going to. This is kind of like a street market. What's the name of the shirt again? It's called a barong. Barong? Yeah. Today, I'm taking my dad, Pedro, and river to buy barong Tagalogs for my wedding. It really meant a lot to me that Pedro traveled so far, so regardless of any kind of issues in the past, I asked Pedro to be a part of the wedding because, you know, he is a part of our family. It's only right that he is a part of my wedding. Like this? Yeah, let me try it on. Yeah. No, I need a 3x. [ Laughs ] A 3x. Ugh, get it off of me. - I've got you, man. Try it on, Pedro. Yeah, because you should be able to wear the XL. It's kind of stylish, you know what I mean? I mean, maybe a little smaller. Maybe. Maybe a little smaller. Feel like a dress, man! Like a dress. What size? 3x also. 3x? Okay. Keep bring some 3x. [ Groans ] That looks good. Appreciate it, Pedro. We have to get three of the same. Yeah, same design, three. How long? Royal asking Pedro to be a part of his wedding party is like a slap in the face, man. It's like a... See, I don't get jealous, but, you know, there's like... Oh, no, he's going to be your best man at your wedding. [Bleep] No. When I marry somebody I'm going to have one best man, you know? Because that's like a big thing to me, like. Oh, it's important. Yeah, it's important to me, probably not that important to royal. Alright, let's keep looking around. But we'll be back. We'll be definitely right back. Yeah. You know what? I think it would be easier if we go grab a beer and come back. ♪♪ ♪♪ - These are so extravagant. - Yes. Very extravagant. ♪♪ These look... Pretty. These are beautiful. Yeah, I like this, this is so cute for a little girl. I like that one. Well, just look around. What about you winter? I'm not sure that they will have my size. In the Philippines everyone seems to be small. The men, the women, they're all just really tiny. Yes, I would like to try this one on, please. When I'm there, I'm browsing around and I see a lot of beautiful dresses, but they all look like they... The cup sizes fit one size. Like, not a lot of variety when it comes to, like, sizing. What do you think guys? Oh, I think this is pretty. I think you look great. I think this is a good dress. I like it. Do you like it? Do you want it? I think it is fabulous. Mmm. I like it. So, is this for the dinner? I don't know, because I think that they have several different events leading up to the wedding, so I think I'll look around some more to see if I find some other dresses. Chantel: We came all this way to the Philippines and it's just difficult for me to get into the mood, because I don't trust Angenette, and I think that my brother's relationship with her is not solid. - Let's go. - Okay. Let's go, let's go. ♪♪ All right, let's get it! This here? Yeah, right here. Well, I'm going to see you all in a little bit. 'Cause certain things a married man can't handle. Well, you know, I have other things I have to take care of right quick. [ Throaty ] To royal! All: To royal! Oh, no, I'm not doing that. Oh, no, no. Let's not get too crazy, boys, because we're meeting up with Angenette and her friends, so. Damn! We share similar likes and dislikes and she thinks that I'm handsome, I think she's beautiful. Okay. Simple as that, man. Yes. I'm very happy with Angenette. Oh, [bleep]... Yes, she did at one time. I don't know. You know, she got here, she doesn't have any friends here. You know, she's sitting in our apartment, you know, just thinking of things to do. Oh, I mean, there's no... Nothing is normal. You know, everybody's relationship is unique. No, we fight as much as you guys do. Probably a little bit less. ♪♪ You know, every relationship has their ups and downs, so we're just going through that. I mean, there are definitely more ups than downs. But everything is just really stressful on her right now. Yeah, yeah. And that's why, you know, I don't talk to them that much, you know? Yeah, we talk sometimes, you know, but it was one thing that I got advice for and Angenette found out, and ever since then she's, you know... That's another thing that she's, like, you know, "you're going to just go and tell your family everything" you know, and I'm like, "no, I'm not telling them anything at all. I don't ever really ever talk to them." Mainly, I mean, whenever I talk to Chantel about my relationships, it's just more of early concerns that I've had about Angenette. It hasn't happened in a while, because I know that Angenette doesn't feel comfortable when I seek advice from Chantel or any of my family members, really. I can't remember, actually, what happened with... That. Well, I appreciate that. Chantel: Initially, I wanted to give Angenette the benefit of a doubt, because I knew, at the end of the day, that royal wanted to be with Angenette. I want to support him as a person, but she just needs to be honest and tell the truth. ♪♪ [ Sobs ] Angenette. ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Knock at door ] Hello! Okay! ♪♪ [Bleep] Winter: Stop! ♪♪ ♪♪ Tonight, we're going to a bar to meet Angenette and her friends, and, later, the boys are going to arrive. Hi. I would like a long island, and then, like, some shots. Sure. We have friends coming. How many? Six shots? Yeah. - Thank you. - Thank you. Chantel: I have a lot of questions to ask Angenette's friends. I want to know what her friends think about royal, what her friends think about their relationship, what they think about Angenette. I just want to know everything. - Hi! - Angenette! - Angenette, how are you? Hi. Nice to meet you Aireen. Hello. Hello, Maurice. Eva. Nice to meet you. Chantel and winter. Aireen, Maurice and... - Eva. - ...Eva. Well, we're toasting. We're taking a shot. Do you guys need a chaser? - Uh, no. - No chaser? Are you strong? Girl power! Cheers to our new friends, right? - To new friends. - Cheers. ♪♪ So... did you meet royal when he came here? - Yes. - Everybody met royal? What was your first impression of him? How is he compared to her other boyfriends? Different, like why? Umm... [ Laughter ] Did you have, like, serious relationships or not really? So, like... My brother told me that you had talked to, like, some other American guys. Yeah. And then it didn't work out with them, and then, like, he started talking to you. Oh. No? Oh. ♪♪ My brother would not have made this up. It was when their relationship was still new that he told me. He had no reason to make anything like this up. Why would I tell my family that the person who I'm pursuing a relationship with is talking to other people at the same time as me? Why would I do that? You don't make something like that up. Hey, how's it going ladies? - Hey. - We ordered a round. River, pass this. Pedro, winter, pass that. Very good. Hey, trust me. It's good, guys. It's sweet. Go. Chug! Chug! Chug! So, are you guys doing okay? I never told Chantel that. I think she's imagining it. I think she's had a little too much alcohol tonight. Was Angenette talking to other guys when you met her? Like, before you started dating her, was she talking to other guys from America? No. No, she wasn't. So, is it that you told me that a different girl was talking to other guys? I didn't tell you anything, because I wasn't even around. [ Chuckles ] Okay. My brother is lying to our faces about things that he's told me and said, but I think that the reason royal is doing this right now is because he doesn't want his wife to know that he's repeated these things to me. I don't know any of what you're talking about. I'm not lying all the time. Yeah, I'm sure. ♪♪ [ Sobs ] River: The only thing that I knew is that Angenette was pregnant, and I never heard anything else about doubts. And for Angenette's friends to be blurting out stuff that I didn't know, and I'm his brother, it's kind of odd. Right. That was, like... That was very abrasive. It was kind of like as if it was just like a game. ♪♪ Angenette doesn't... Doesn't... we're... ♪♪ I don't want to talk about this right here. ♪♪ Angenette. ♪♪ I don't want to talk about this right here. Angenette. No, that's not what happened. Come on, Angenette. Come on. Let's go. I don't know what you guys are been talking about. ♪♪ When Angenette's friends bring up our personal matters, I felt kind of... Not necessarily attacked, but I was totally unprepared for that. I trust you, Angenette. I trust you. I don't remember saying anything like that. Well, I really... I don't know what to say right now, Angenette. Winter: I think that you guys need to talk more honestly with each other. Well, I've tried to talk about it, but you don't want to. You don't ever want to. Well, I thought you didn't want to discuss this in front of everybody. That's why I didn't. I think she's saying she feels comfortable talking about it with her friends here, and you should feel comfortable, too, because you've got some family here. If I said that, I might have been drunk. Well, I don't remember saying that. ♪♪ Chantel: They're so used to not talking in the house. Like, he's been trying to talk to her about this for months, and she'll tell him that she does not want to talk about it, and I know these things. I know all the ins and outs. Are you scared that I'm going to yell at you? Am I scared that you're going to yell at me? No, we yell at each other. People yell at each other sometimes. You just have to be able to tell the person either calm down or yell back. I mean, what? You're going to have conflict in every relationship. If you're scared of them, don't be with them. At least talk us and tell us what you're thinking. At least talk to us and tell us what you're thinking and what are you thinking about. Are you going to talk to your wife? He doesn't want to talk to anyone, okay? So, what are you doing here? What do you guys want me to do? What do you want to do? You have options. You can leave, you can talk to your wife, or you can have a discussion with all of us. ♪♪ Let's just go get some air. Okay? Bro, come on. Let's go, please. Yeah, let's go. Come on. ♪♪ ♪♪ Listen. Bro, listen. Come on. He's having, like, anxiety. Here, come on. This way. Come this way. Let's go. ♪♪ [Bleep] Stop! Karen: Royal, do you know that Angenette's mother, she's been trying to talk to Ronson on Facebook? Karen: Why does Angenette's mother keep trying to reach out to my brother? Well, you know what? It's all a big miscommunication, so, you guys can go home now. ♪♪ I asked my family for this meeting because some crazy things have happened. Everybody has their own opinions. Ohh! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 