The Glades: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Glades 
 s1e5 - The Girlfriend Experience - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Glades (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Girlfriend Experience - full transcript 
 A man was murdered in an apartment, rented in unsuspecting Carlos Sanchez's name from Dr. Kattleman. It was used as a love-nest for sexual anthropology professor Landers's student Monica Gentry, whose 'study objects' included mafioso Gordon Ganza, who paid for it. Jeff's loyalty to father in jail is partly based on his always having paid the bills, but slick tax official Richard Slayton comes claim three years arrears, expecting to ease Callie into 'friendship'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, Twizzle. Hey, Twizzle. Twiz, what is it, girl? Huh? Twizzle. Come on! Twizzle! Get back here. Twizzle. Hello? Hello? I'm so sorry. My cat seems to have wandered into your condo. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Anybody home? Hello? Anybody home? Twizzler. Twizzle. Oh... I'm so sorry, sir. My cat -- she just leapt out of my arms and took off. Hello? You could've put on some decent clothes. You didn't think so when I busted the guy. Yeah, in a biker guy, where you're trying not to look like an upstanding police officer. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In court, that's pretty much what they're going for. Hey, we got a conviction, right? You're right. We should celebrate. What'd you have in mind? There is an amazing raw bar on the water just up the street. Wow. A raw bar on the water. That, I gotta see. Yeah. Uh, you know what? I'll give you a call. A call? Yeah. Sure. Okay. Hey. If you had unpaid parking tickets, you should have just called me. When Ray gets out of prison, I'm gonna kill him. She said to the Homicide Detective. He did our taxes and paid them -- or so I thought. I just got notice that we're three years behind on our property taxes. Well, he would be the first armed robber to not be in arrears. This is serious. We could lose our house. You wanna... Yeah, I'll... Yeah. Sorry. Longworth. I, uh... I don't know how to say this. Your partner, Carlos, has been killed. His body was found in a condo on the beach. Responding officers identified Carlos from his driver's license and credit cards. He's in there. What? Those aren't the spindly little calves of someone who walks golf courses as much as we do. What's the big emergency? What? I was at an A.M.A. luncheon. Thank God you're all right. Don't. We got a call you were dead. What? Flip him. Who's this guy, and what's with the fish? Well, that explains the cat. Know anyone in the mob? Officially? Why? 'Cause someone killed Carlos Sanchez and left him sleeping with the fishes. Some say I don't play well with others. I was a damn good Detective in Chicago until a disagreement with my boss encouraged me to pack it up and make a change. So I put the Windy City in my rearview and headed to the Sunshine State to kick back, play some golf, work on my tan, maybe write the occasional speeding ticket. Yeah, well... That didn't work out. The Glades 1x05 The Girlfriend Experience Original Air Date on August 9, 2010 -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Candles, scented oils. I had no idea you were so romantic. That's not funny. This prick leased a condo and God knows what else using my identity. He's lucky he's dead, or I'd have killed him. If this guy used your name to lease the place, don't you think that would have come to your attention before now? Have you ever tried getting information from the credit bureaus? I'm gonna be up half the night canceling shit and setting up fraud alerts. You recognize these kids? No. Should I? Well, apart from the plastic having your name on it, this is the only other personal item I could find. What's the deal with this guy? He's dead for about two hours. I'm giving that bullet in the back of his skull a better-than-average chance that's what killed him. And the fish? They're mackerel. They're hard to come by? You can get them at any fish market or grocery store. Checked on the mailbox down in the lobby. A flier from the homeowners association was sticking out. So I called the president. She told me the unit belongs to a Dr. Arthur Kattleman, but she's never actually met him. Why would a doctor steal another doctor's identity? Yeah. You've never had to carry medical malpractice insurance. Do you? Of course. You deal with dead people. Right. And when some grieving loved one gets their nose out of joint, 'cause I've "desecrated" their beloved Uncle Jimmy, guess what. I get sued. Here we go. "Dr. Arthur Kattleman." Yeah. He's got an office just over the causeway. Okay. Which particular property are you referring to? The condominium on Ocean Boulevard. Which unit? How many do you have? Nine. No. 10. No. Nine. All in the same building? Mm-hmm. Well, this might help. It's the one with the dead guy in it. Never seen him before. He was shot at close range and left on a pile of fish in one of your investments. Like the mob thing? I thought that was a stereotype. Uh, you ever lease it to a guy named Carlos Sanchez? Name doesn't sound familiar. Well, can you give us one that does? You know, because of the whole "dead guy in the apartment" thing. Unit 16-A, was it? Yes. That particular unit is being rented out by a woman by the name of Ashley Carter. Maybe she's somebody's goomar. "Goomar"? Yeah. Mob guys like to have girls on the side. So, this Ashley live there? I don't know. I ju know she pays the rent on time. You got a contact number for Ashley Carter? I don't have a contact number. I just have a credit score and a social. That works. I'll have Manus give this to records and identity. Whoever killed our victim could also be involved in a stolen credit card ring. At least we got an I.D. on the victim from his prints. His name's Jack Grayson. Oh, great. He's a county building inspector. A county building inspector? Not all building inspectors are in bed with the mob. Yeah, but some of them are, and obviously, one of them was mistaken for Carlos Sanchez. Seems like a long shot to me. Yeah, say that when the shot's aimed at you. All right. It's probably not a bad idea to look into it. Wonder where Gordon Ganza's hanging his hat these days. Who's he? Uh, he ran the linen business out of Chicago. Retired down here. "Linen business." The mob with their euphemisms. No. He actually ran a linen business. And based on your interest and penalties, the total arrears amount comes to -- $16,000. $15,873. Close enough, actually. I really appreciate you coming in here to work this stuff out. I-I'm working a double shift, and I couldn't find a babysitter last-minute. Oh. I understand. Um, I've come up with a payment plan that I think will work well for everybody. As you can see, the payment schedule is twofold. I'll be increasing my hours at the hospital by 30%, while reducing my course curriculum by 5 hours -- what? Do you always talk like this? No. Listen, I appreciate all the work you've done, Mrs. Cargill. It's Callie. Callie. But, uh, it's not... Your property taxes I'm concerned with. There's a lot of stated income without any verification. Specifically that of your husband. I thought stated income was allowed under certain circumstances. How did your husband come by this income? Um, he did a lot of things. Uh, auto brokerage? He had a steam-cleaning company. He sold that. Mrs. Cargill. Callie. I know about your husband. And I understand the situation that you're in. But if you sign tax returns that include false statements, you could be criminally liable. Criminally liable? But I didn't do anything. And I can't go to jail. My son -- all right. All right. Wait. Wait. L-let's calm down. Here's what I'll do. I will present this schedule of payments to my, uh, supervisor, but, eventually, I'm gonna have to make a decision whether or not to refer this for prosecution. So it's up to you? Ultimately, yes. Is there anything i can do? Let's just see how it goes. Charlie bread trucks is running an ice cream parlor in Indian Wells, which is funny considering he's lactose-intolerant. What happened to Freddy Z? Ziffo? Prostate. Saw that one coming. Passed quietly in his sleep, the lucky bastard. Yeah. So much for karma, huh? What about Jack Grayson? I take it you think I'm familiar with that name. Well, we think that's entirely possible. He's a building inspector... Who unfortunately was shot dead this morning. On a bed of mackerel... So he'd "sleep with the fishes." Which begs the question -- why does the mob want Carlos Sanchez dead? Who's Carlos Sanchez? Me. I'm lost. Grayson had Carlos' I.D. and plastic, so, 'cause of the fish thing, Carlos thinks that he was iced by the syndicate. The "sleeping with the fishes" was a cliché even before "iced." Went out of style, and that was 40 years ago. So, no one you know wants Carlos dead, right? Right. What about Grayson? I'm assuming you know him. Nice enough guy. Kind of small-time. He helped me out on an office park I was building in the Glades. Jack was willing to turn a blind eye to minor building-code violations if you gave him a few bucks. What, did he get greedy with that, maybe pissed off the wrong people? Doesn't sound like Jack. He was actually in good spirits. Owing to a new lady friend. Her name wasn't Ashley Carter by any chance? Nah. Bella something. You ever met this Bella something? Excuse me. Who are you again? You know what? Been good to see you again, Gordy. You too, Jimmy. Swing by anytime. All right. All right. Come on. Look at the view. It's beautiful. Oh. You having one of those days? What kind of day would that be? When you just can't decide who you want to be when you grow up. A Bella, Tanya. Ashley, maybe. I'm sorry. Do I know you? That would be really weird if you did. You know a guy by the name of Jack Grayson? Why? You did...See this, right? Look, if you want to talk to Jack, I'm sure that he's upstairs, plopped in front of the television set, so... Actually, I really doubt that. He was found murdered in your apartment this morning. When I left the condo Jack was still in bed. He asked if he could stay and... Promised me a surprise when I got back. Well, I'm guessing lying face down in a bed full of fish wasn't what he had in mind. Where do you work? I'm a Phd candidate at the University of Central Florida. Was Jack paying the tuition? He was helping. And what did Jack receive in return for... Furthering your education? We had an arrangement. Ah. Maybe the arrangement was getting old. I mean, that would suck. Having to get a new job, new apartment, right in the middle of your Phd. No, he wasn't threatening to end it. He was quite happy. Did he have a wife? Family? Divorced years ago. No children. Oh, so, these aren't his, then. That's my niece and nephew. In the drawer? I gotta be honest. An arrangement like this doesn't look good for anybody, especially when one of you turns up dead. What's your Phd in? Social anthropology, and I resent the suggestion that I'm some kind of whore. Even with the whole "walks like a duck, quacks like a duck" kind of thing going on here? Sex is... An important part of any relationship, but it is only one part. Some people need to look outside traditional relationships to find what they're looking for in a partner. That's what I provide. I get it. You're a girlfriend experience. Yeah. I've heard of this. "Girlfriend experience," "companions in life" -- it...Goes by different names. Yeah, yeah. A buddy of mine back in the Chicago precinct's in one. He sends me updates all the time. He's having a blast, by the way. It's not just about sex. It's about being in a relationship with someone that you enjoy, without all the emotions and complications that come with a commitment. The purpose of my dissertation is to understand how traditional relationships are evolving in a society where public space is being replaced by cyberspace. Oh, you know what's really traditional? Shooting a guy you find sleeping with your girl. I am not in a long-term or committed relationship with anyone, and these men were just test subjects. Do they know that? No. That would skew my study. Oh, well, we wouldn't want to skew your study. How many test subjects are we talking about? Two. Is that all? I'm not in it to make a living. It's research. Well, what about Jack Grayson? Did he talk about his work? Maybe a rival? Someone out to get him? We honestly never talked about it. Well, what did you talk about? We didn't. Not talking was part of the experience for Jack. Well, then, maybe for my buddy, too. I mean, after three divorces, having not to talk about his day is probably very enticing. How much did you say you got for these services? It varies. Jack was paying $3,500 a month. Does that pay for the rent? No. Well, who paid for that? What the hell are you doing here? I'm here 'cause you lied to me. Why's your partner hitting on my wife? Oh, I asked him to chat her up so we could talk about one of the things you lied about -- your arrangement with Ashley Carter. But if you'd rather your wife be over here... No, no, no, no. Fine, fine. But I wasn't lying about that dead guy you found. I've never laid eyes on him. Yeah, I found that easier to believe before I found out Ashley was using your condo to have sex with another man. I had my three nights. What Ashley did on her own time was her own business. Oh. She was a Phd candidate. She has the I.Q. of a walnut. 'Cause that's what you wanted her to have. What are you talking about? Her research. You were a case study for her doctoral dissertation. What? I was a guinea pig? Thought you didn't care what she did outside of your arrangement. Yeah, but I feel so used. Well, what about Ashley? You know if she's involved with anyone for real? We didn't talk much. Oh. The arrangement. She did text a lot, though. Especially with this one guy, um, Professor... Landers or something? That's all I know. I want to consolidate both mortgages into one and take out a $20,000 equity line. Yeah. I'm -- I'm aware that... Interest rates have gone up since my last refund, but it's worth it to me just to have all of my debt at one bank. What are you doing? I'm getting an apple. Come on, I'm gonna be late for school. Well, how can equity be negative? You're never ready. Yeah, well, you told me to stop dragging my ass around because you had better things to do than be my chauffeur, so... And you picked today to listen to me? That's not debt. Those are student loans. That's an investment in my future. Right. Yeah. No, I understand, I guess. Thank you, though. Bye. How bad is it? Nothing I can't handle. Go get your things. You know, we never had problems like this when dad paid the bills. Yes, Ashley and I communicated by text quite a bit. She came to me with her methodology, and I signed off on it. When her study's done, I'll read and evaluate her findings. That's the totality of my role in her work. She give you regular updates? Occasionally she gives me her notes, but that's just a formality to show me that she's making progress. And what about her subjects? Know anything about them? Who they are? No, it's a blind study. There's subject "A" and subject "B". She interviewed 40 candidates, of which she chose two men to be the subjects of her case study. Given the intimate nature of their contact, don't you think someone should have advised her against it? U-unless you're getting off on it. The pursuit of a higher understanding is not something that a serious mind "gets off" on. The idea that one of her subjects was murdered is disturbing, but I'm sure that it had nothing to do with her work. "Disassociation in the online sexual revolution." Phew. Heady stuff. It's not for everyone. "With the skill of a surgeon, "Professor Landers diagnoses the ills "of modern relationships like no one working in our field today." Ooh! Must have been a bit of a turn-on for Ashley that you asked for her quote, huh? You ever get to finish that deal? Tenured professors tend to do pretty well, Detective. If I wanted to bed one of my students, it wouldn't be a Phd candidate on the wrong side of 30. All mackerel are members of the scombridae family. But the term actually applies to hundreds of oceanic fish. This particular species is called Atlantic chub mackerel and is quite common. And you can buy 'em anywhere? In fish markets and grocery stores all over the state. Good. But you have to eat it the day it comes out of the ocean, or it spoils. So, I'm checking to see what venues in Palm County were carrying Atlantic chub mackerel the day of the murder. And how many places is that? Wow. Like 468 places. Yeah. Good luck with that. Here. What's this? It's a list of things your daughter bought from dealcarnival.com with your credit card. What's dealcarnival.com? Yeah, it's a site our fraud division uncovered that harvests credit card numbers, which they then use to turn out fake plastic and I.D. -- that's how Grayson got your identity. Digital cameras, iPod, l-- lingerie?! She's 14, for crying out loud! Oof. Ouch. I also learned that two days before Grayson was murdered, he received a cash deposit for $10,000. Cash. I knew it. What? If it was a payoff to ignore a code violation on a construction project... Mm-hmm. ...And Grayson suddenly got greedy and threatened to talk, unless they made -- yeah, I'm not seeing you, Corleone. Uh, just the same, I'll get a list of construction projects Grayson was scheduled to inspect before he was killed. And, uh, where the hell is your partner? Hmm. He's off having a... "Girlfriend experience." Uh, oh. Really? Nice. Yeah. Ashley sounds like a friend of mine. She put herself through dental school working a pole over by the airport. So, a woman objectifying herself like that -- does that ever come back as out-of-character rage? So, you think that a woman choosing a specific career option is objectifying herself. Well, I did, until you said it like that. Women are just as capable as men at separating love from sex. So is your friend any good? At dentistry. 'Cause flying back to Chicago to get my teeth checked is costing me a fortune. She married one of her customers. Mm. She has three kids, all with bad teeth. She's very happy. So, ultimately, she followed her heart and took the plunge. How's your, uh, how's your tax problem? I gave them a payment schedule to review, so, um, we'll see, I guess. Anything I can do to help? Nope. All good. But you'd ask if you needed my help, right? 'Cause I'm not shy about asking for yours. Lay it on me. Excellent. So, you've been involved in a lot of blind studies for school, right? More than I care to count. Would it be safe to say that you need more than two test subjects to get an accurate measure of anything? Yeah, I'd say that falls under the category of being at least one short. Hmm. Sorry. Heard you were evicted. Oh, we made a copy of this, so I thought I'd return it. Jack is dead. Kattleman knows the truth, and six months of research is down the drain. Is there anything else I can do to help your investigation? Hey, don't blame me. I didn't kill Jack Grayson. I'm sorry. Is my life's work some kind of joke to you? It is kind of when it rubs up against mine. Do you know how many people are in lifeless, empty relationships and how often that gets passed on as anger, resentment, even violence? Now you're getting back to my line of work. Are you in a relationship, Detective? Not at the moment. Would you like to be? The relationship between sex and love has always been a mystery. Finding both in one person is not easy, but... It's what makes us whole. It's my goal to demystify the sexual experience so...More people can get a shot at love. Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to belittle your life's work. You gotta understand -- too many healthy relationships out there, and I'm out of work. And you know what I'm thinking? Who else had motive to kill the guy sleeping in your bed? Professor Landers? Dr. Kattleman? And, you know, I'm not totally convinced you're that girl. You know, the girl that just has unencumbered sex with these guys, your test subjects, and doesn't feel anything. Well... That's what I was doing. Yeah, well, I didn't believe you, so I made a few calls. You don't have a niece or a nephew. And as anyone who's ever done a test case study knows, you need more than two subjects to get it right. You need to tell me who you're protecting. Don't you worry about it, honey. I wouldn't miss your game for the world. Give your brother a kiss. I'll see you guys later. Richard Slayton? Colonel Slayton. Yeah. Congratulations. Oh. Yeah, I heard you nabbed the mission specialist slot on the last shuttle flight. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty psyched. Better late than never, right? Right. Yeah. Must have been a bit touch-and-go there for a while, huh? What, with your messy personal life. I'm sure you're mistaken, friend. Actually, I'm not. Now, we can find a private place to talk about it, or I can arrest you here and now for the murder of Jack Grayson. I had nothing to do with his death. Oh. So what are you lying about? Nothing. My relationship with Ashley is a private matter between me and my wife. So, she knows? With hundreds of mission specialists ready to bump me off the last flight, I couldn't risk a scandal. Yes or no. She knows? No. Look. I adore my children. I would die for them. But Debra and I haven't been on the same page in years. And don't get me wrong. She's a hell of a mom to Paige and Tyler. But I need more than that. So, it was just sex for you. Just sex. Nothing about the girlfriend experience was filling any voids in your marriage? Not at all. I gotta tell you -- that is really creepy. You have a picture of your children at her apartment. So, either you've fallen in love with Ashley, or you are one sick bastard. I knew what I was getting into. I know about her research, the other men. And you're okay with that? Absolutely. Her work is important to her. I admire her for that. You admire her for letting total strangers just pound away at her. Hey, jackass, that's my -- girlfriend? Love of your life? Someone that you'd kill for if you found her with another man? Yeah. Oh, and for the record? She tried to protect you as much as she could. But I am pretty good at this. I just... I needed to feel something again. I didn't want to leave my wife or lose my family. It seemed like a perfect solution. Until you fell in love. Debra's a project manager. That's how we met. But that's how she treats me -- like a project. Houston wants my atmospheric stats tomorrow instead of Thursday, so we need to reschedule dinner. Are you good with that? I guess I'll have to be. I'll shoot you an e-mail with some dates. You could have been arresting me, and she wouldn't have noticed. Yeah. Sorry, buzz. But she may still get that chance. Where's Daniel on the mackerel search? Counting down the markets. 252 down, 216 to go. So you don't like the astronaut on this. When was an astronaut ever lonely? Women throw themselves at these guys. Thought they threw themselves at us. Whole different strata, my friend. Hey. You Mike Grogan? Project manager. Yeah. What can I do for ya? You can tell me why you want Carlos Sanchez dead. Who? Maybe you know him better as "Jack Grayson." The building inspector. Yeah, where the hell has he been? He was supposed to run my site yesterday. He never showed up. He sort of turned up murdered in his girlfriend's apartment. He was using my identity with a stolen credit card for his own activities, till your hit man found him. Hit man? There was $10,000 in Grayson's account that we think was given to him to look the other way on code violations. What'd you do? Reach out to your mob partners 'cause you thought Grayson would talk? My "partner" is a national chain of active senior living centers. And, for 10 grand, I can bring everything up to code and still have money left over. So I guess you'd rather do that than rub somebody out? Yeah. I didn't have any beef with Jack. But there was someone who did. When Jack was leaving here the other day, some guy comes up off the street, starts yelling at him. Got the impression they knew each other. What, you hear what they say? No. But I can show you. We got cameras set up all over the site, running 24/7, to discourage crime. Here, I can zoom in. Hmm. Professor Landers. So much for the pursuit of higher understanding. She's a very talented girl. Yeah. If I read about some guy doing this to my girl, I'd run out and find a fishmonger, too. I barely glanced at those notes. I think you did a little bit more than glance. What you read in there drove you to stalk Jack Grayson and try and beat the shit out of him for "experiencing" Ashley Carter. I don't make value judgments on her work, and I certainly don't take a prurient interest in it. "Prurient"? Really? You can't just say "getting off" like I did before? No? And the truth is, she fell for one of her subjects. Took him out of the research so she could be with him, which left no room for you, so you killed subject "C"... Or thought you did. As I tell my undergraduates, it's not enough to have a clever theory. You have to back it up with facts. And you don't have any. Oh, wait. You can look. And...I have your doctoral thesis -- "bonding rituals and behavior in organized crime culture." Now, that's a bit kitsch. Uh... A full mob hit might just throw a murder investigation off you. Yes. Yes, I did peruse Ashley's notes. But my only intention was to impress upon him that his feelings for Ashley could jeopardize the integrity of her study. As her advisor, I thought that I should step in before months of research went totally awry. So you read some really hot stuff, got your panties in a twist, and went out to kill him. I was lecturing in front of 200 undergraduates at the time of his murder. At least a couple of them must have looked up from their laptops long enough to notice that I was there. Which is exactly what you wanted Ashley to do. Even though she is on the wrong side of 30. Hi. Hello. I-I'm sorry. I just got a text saying to meet someone here, a Jason Elkins? Yes. Right this way. Hi. I didn't know if you were a pinot girl or a cabernet, so I split the difference with a... A nice pinot noir. Oh. Please. Uh, Mr. Elkins? Jason. This is a really nice restaurant. Shouldn't we be meeting in your office? I may have a solution to your problem. Please. Okay. Sit down. But it's predicated on you having the ability to make restitution for your principal and penalties in a timely fashion. Okay. Well, I think I was pretty honest about my expenses and what it was that I could commit to. Great. It'll be so much easier to keep the matter off the grid if you're meeting your obligations. Well, that wasn't so hard. Shall we order? Um...Well, just so I understand, you're saying that any potential criminal proceedings could just go away. I don't see why not. Um, the salads here are huge, by the way. We could easily split one. Um, but could you see a reason why they wouldn't? Well, they wouldn't go away if I pushed the matter. But fortunately, at this moment, no one else is aware of your situation. I'm gonna do tilapia. You? Why am I here... At this restaurant with you? You don't like this restaurant? No, the restaurant's fine. I know your finances are stretched. I thought you might like a nice night out. I can take my own self out. To be perfectly honest... If we're gonna work together to make this go away, I wanted to get to know you better. Um, well, I think... I'll...Make an appointment to come to see you in your office. Your call. What the hell? Drop it. Jesus you scared the hell out of me! What are you doing in my apartment? What are you doing in my crime scene? I need to make a punch list for my handyman so I can lease the place out as soon as possible. With a gun? The gun is to show some of my deadbeat tenants that I'm not some Palm Glade pushover. Right. Well, I'm gonna need that gun to give to my ballistics team to see if it's the same .38 that killed Jack Grayson. Fine. Knock yourself out. No DVDs. Uh, well...Most of the time when I'm here, I watch pay-per-view. The DVDs were Ashley's thing. Oh. You gonna be long? Yeah. You're gonna have to wait until I release the crime scene before you finish that punch list. You can go now. Fine. Daniel. Yeah. You like movies, right? I need you to do some digging for me. They're doing a striation test on the doctor's gun to see if it's a match, but, um, I doubt it will. Well, what about the mob angle? That's all it is -- an angle to throw us off the investigation. I've got Daniel running around trying to find where the killer might have bought the mackerel the day of the murder. And, uh, I got him working on something else. We found out the $10,000 that's sitting in Grayson's bank account -- well, on the same day that Grayson made his deposit, Colonel Slayton made a $10,000 withdrawal. What does that tell us? Detective? You were right. Colonel Slayton's Netflix queue is loaded with mob movies. "White Heat," "Goodfellas," "The Godfather" trilogy. Even stuff as far back as "Little Caesar." It means Jack Grayson was blackmailing Colonel Slayton, which is a pretty good reason to kill someone. I spent my whole life working for the agency. If I don't get on that last mission, my entire career has been for nothing. And that's why you paid $10,000 to Jack Grayson -- you know, to shut him up. Yeah. But that was weeks ago. And you flew into a jealous rage when you found him with Ashley. I wasn't jealous. I mean, I was, but I never caught them together. Why would I do that to myself? It wasn't gonna last forever. Another six months, and she would have had everything she needed to complete her studies. Yeah, and then what would you have? Married to a woman who'd never love you the way Ashley did. Staring at the ceiling, wondering where Ashley was... And with whom. No. Well, your Netflix queue says otherwise. What in the hell are you talking about? Mob movies. "Sleeping with the Fishes"? I never rented movies like that. Ashley and I loved date night, but we couldt risk being seen out in public. So we'd order takeout. Watch date movies -- "The Back-Up Plan," "The Wedding Planner anything with Sandra Bullock. Sure you're an Astronaut? Look, I'm telling you, Detective, as soon as I got back down to earth, I was gonna make an appointment with my wife and tell her it was over. That I was leaving her for Ashley. Daniel. Think I found it -- a gourmet shop a couple blocks away from the condo where Grayson was killed. Someone came in right when they first opened and bought the only mackerel they had. I'm going there now to see if they have security footage of the suspect. Actually, that won't be necessary. It was you. Wasn't it? You went over there to confront Ashley because your husband had fallen in love with her. A threat that you hadn't factored into your picture-perfect little family. And, hey, who could blame you? I mean, having that part of your life all buttoned up allowed you to really throw yourself into your work. So you went over there to confront this threat to your perfect family. Something weird came over you -- passion, I think it's called. Rage. Anger... Jealousy. I just wanted to scare her. I showed up at the condo, and there was a note on the door to come in. I followed a trail of rose petals through the living room. Past all these candles. And I saw the pictures of our two children... I mean, who does this woman think she is, anyway?! Richard is my husband! Yeah, but he hasn't felt like your husband for a long time. Felt more like one of your projects. We talked. A-and then this man came out of the bathroom and... And threw me on the bed a-and scared me. Yeah, he thought you were Ashley. And I panicked. I didn't mean to shoot him. But once I did... You had to finish the project. According to Netflix, someone in your household is a big fan of mob movies. Which came in handy 20 minutes later when you needed a plan. And you remembered that gourmet shop down on the corner. Hey, it wasn't perfect, but it would do in a pinch. I...Don't understand. We have the perfect life. A beautiful home. Two great kids. Careers we both love. Why did he need this woman? Did you ever think to ask? Ask? Yeah. You know, talk? Communicate? Forget I brought it up. Mrs. Slayton voluntarily gave up the murder weapon. That should make Lemchen happy. Save the taxpayers a few bucks. Yeah, Slayton gets to keep his seat, Ashley gets to finish her research. You know, it might be a little narcissistic on my part, but I like to think I had a hand in giving Colonel Slayton and Ashley a chance to make it work. I know you didn't talk like that in Chicago, or you'd never have made it out alive. Aw, come on, Colleen, surely there's a man out there somewhere, making your nights a little sweeter. Uh, my man and my nights are none of your damn business. You should worry about your own love life. I'm really glad you came. I wanted to apologize for the way I acted in the restaurant. I-I shouldn't be alienating the one person who could help me out of this mess. Well, apology accepted. And here's what I think we should do. As far as the, uh, the restitution is concerned, that's out of my control. You'll still have to make timely, scheduled payments. I will. I promise. Uh, on the other matter, I don't see any reason why I need to make trouble for someone who's just trying to make the best of a bad situation. I mean, you're a beautiful woman. And why would I do that? I'm not a bad-looking guy, right? So... What I'm thinking is, maybe we could have some fun together. We could meet here sometimes, meet at my place. Get a suite on the state's dime from time to time. That way, no one has to know about your legal problem. So you mean sex. Yes. Sex. And if we have sex, then you won't turn my case over to the prosecution? Cross my heart and hope to die. Okay. Got it. Good. No. I mean, I... Got it. ...Get a suite on the state's dime from time to time. That way, no one has to know about your legal problems. You bitch. Ohh! Now, get your fat ass out of my house. Say hello to my little friend. Oh! Al Pacino, eat your heart out. Best gangster ever. Ever. Clearly, I did something wrong if my 13-year-old son's favorite movie is "Scarface." This is Florida. Everyone's favorite movie is "Scarface." Uh, how'd the meeting go? Uh, they accepted my payment schedule. So the matter's completely closed. It must have been some proposal you put on the table. You have no idea. Why don't you go and, uh, get dressed, get your things... Okay. ...And get out of here? All right. Thanks for keeping an eye on him. Sure. God. Anytime. How's your girlfriend experience? Also completely over. Which, by the way, thank you. I... No. It was really good to know that a detached woman is capable of love. Which I assume means a woman in love is capable of being detached. Oh, yeah. When we need to be. Okay! Say goodbye to your little friend. All right. Later. Later. Be good. All right. You too. Hey! Callie? -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Sweet dreams. Sure. Sweet dreams. Yeah. "Sweet dreams"? Idiot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 