The Glades: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Glades 
 s1e11 - Booty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Glades (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 11 - Booty - full transcript 
 In the marina floats the corpse of the most brilliant of the three Hasker family salvage associates. They found Florida's richest Spanish galleon yet, but lost most proceeds to a Spanish claim, handled by Dulce Mendez, and their own lawyers, after which he left the business to work in Mark Ellison's restaurant. His boat's GPS coordinates being wiped and the antique dagger he was stabbed to death with suggest he was on the trail of the ultimate prize, so who knew and claimed what? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -- sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Again? Can't you guys keep your hands off each other for like one minute? The least you can do is ask me to join you! Fine by me. In your dreams! We weren't doing anything. But then, what's that sound coming from? Oh. You're here. Yep. I'm here. No, it's just normally you drop by my office to say hi. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Carlos is tutoring me for a big test I've got coming up. You're more than welcome to join us, assuming you know anything about leiomyosarcomas. I do. Or, I did. But that and trigonometry both left my head after I graduated, so... Okay. I've got an LMS on the retroperitoneum. Mm. This one is a benign leiomyo. I concur. And this one looks like it started in the uterus, and it spread. Are you sure the second one isn't just a fibroid? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. Positive. I mean, I was, until Carlos put words in my mouth. How'd they get past your foot? You know, I've been wondering the same thing myself. Who are you again? Hi, I'm -- Callie. Callie. Oh. Callie. O-kay. So, I just got a call from Marine Patrol Services. We've got a floater. Body's been I.D.'d as Johnny Hasker. So it's high-profile. Johnny Hasker? You know this guy? Yeah, I-I mean, I-I've heard of him. Everybody in Florida's heard of Johnny Hasker. Nephew of big Jack Hasker. Somebody else in Florida everyone's heard about. Look, 10 years ago, Jack Hasker, his son Hal, and his nephew Johnny -- the dead guy. Yeah. They found a shipwreck of a Spanish galleon called the Granada, and they pulled up the biggest sunken treasure ever recovered in the U.S. -- $400 million... Hmm. ...Of gems, gold, and silver. Well, there's my first clue. Well, that's one good reason someone will be dead, right? Right? Mm-hmm. Well, it's just she normally comes by and says hi. You think you're the only thing she thinks about? Trust me -- with a test on leiomyosarcomas coming up, she has other things on her mind. So I shouldn't take it personally? No, of course you should take it personally. All right, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say this weird-ass knife is the cause of death. That is a weird-ass knife. That the victim's yacht? Yep. And our crime scene. Based on the bloating and the tide cycle which carried him from his boat to here, I'd say he's been in the water about 10 to 12 hours, which puts the time of death at 3:00 A.M. Well, it's big, but it's not much for a guy who found $400 million worth of sunken treasure. They didn't get to keep it all. The Haskers fought the Spanish government in court for years over ownership. The Haskers got a third, Spain got a third, and lawyers from both governments divvied up the rest. Well, as long as the lawyers got paid. Looks like Johnny was stabbed down in the cabin, staggered up here, and then went over the side into the water. Someone's idea of a romantic evening? A little wine, stabbing by candlelight, and ransack the place. Maybe Johnny walked in on a burglary -- somebody after his doubloons -- and, uh, things got out of hand. Doubloons? Gold and silver coins. Yeah, I know what they are. All right, so, answer me this. If the killer was after his gold, why did he erase all the coordinates from Johnny's GPS? Maybe somebody didn't want anybody to know where Johnny had been. Or where he had been suggests he was onto something worth killing a treasure hunter for and stealing all his gold. I was a damn good Detective in Chicago. Until a disagreement with my boss encouraged me to pack it up and make a change. So I put the Windy City in my rearview and headed to the Sunshine State to kick back, play some golf, work on my tan, maybe write the occasional speeding ticket. Yeah, well... That didn't work out. The Glades 1x11 Booty Original Air Date on September 19, 2010 So the Haskers pour their life savings into finding the Granada, only to have to give two-thirds of it over to the Spanish government and cutthroat lawyers? That had to suck. Yeah. He left Florida with wannabe treasure hunters searching our coasts for any of the hundreds of shipwrecks rumored to be out there. But they didn't find anything even close to the Granada. Big Jack and Hal -- they put their share into searching for a, uh, wreck called the Magdalena, an even bigger sunken treasure. The Magdalena? Yeah. Johnny took his cut, left the industry, opened up a seafood restaurant. The restaurant business? There's a risky venture. Oh, I'm sorry for the loss of your business partner, Mr. Ellison. Did he ever regret giving up the treasure-hunting business for the restaurant business? No. Johnny always said treasure hunters die old and broke. Not like with a restaurant, where you go broke young and alive, huh? I'm not gonna lie to you. This place is circling the drain. And took your investment with it? Which is why I killed my partner, right? It's not unheard of. Thank you. Look, Johnny's name was the one asset this place has -- it certainly wasn't the food -- and my one chance at a return. So, I'm sorry, but I had no reason to kill him. Well, someone did. Did you talk to his Uncle? Big Jack Hasker? Yeah. Nice guy, larger than life. Loved Johnny like a son. His real son, however -- there was some pretty bad blood between Hal and Johnny, as far as I knew. Huh. It wasn't bad blood. I just didn't like him trading on the family name for that cheesy restaurant. The name "Hasker" means something in this part of the world. Well, it was his name, too, and a name he helped build in the treasure-hunting world, from what I hear. Johnny was a Hasker... Through and through. You'll have to forgive my father. He gets a little sentimental when he talks about Johnny. I'm sure the drinking's not helping. I'm sorry for your loss, Mr. Hasker. I know it was just this morning. I let my sister down. I promised her, before she died helping us salvage the Granada I'd keep an eye on Johnny. Okay, dad, I'll take this. Let's go. Johnny could read the ocean floor like a book. He's the one who realized the debris field we were working came from the Granada. Without him, we never would have found that treasure. Debris field? Yeah, ships -- they break apart and drift as they sink, spreading debris over a wide area before the wreckage settles on the ocean floor. And then centuries of currents and hurricanes scatter the stuff for miles around. We worked that field 10 years before we knew it was the Granada. And for the past three years, trying to find the Magdalena. Magdalena? Said to be worth twice the Granada. Every time I go down on a dive, I think how much easier it would be if Johnny was diving with me. So it was kind of like a personal betrayal when he left you high and dry? Speaking of which, where were you two at 3:00 this morning? Hal was with me all last night, trying to get the boat ready to go out on another run. Can anyone else confirm that? I'll take that as a "no." You seen this before? That's the kind of Spanish artifact you might find in the debris field of a hundred shipwrecks. Johnny took a bunch of that stuff with him when he left, as mementos. For decor of that restaurant of his to capitalize off the family name. He was family. And he was like a son to me. Except he's not your son, dad! You only wish he was. And you know what? While you're getting all "revisionist history" on us, why don't you tell the Detective here how you've nearly spent us into the poorhouse trying to find the Magdalena so that you can reclaim your good name from -- and I quote -- "that arrogant little bastard" O-kay. Well, I'm gonna leave you two to mourn in peace. But if you can think of anyone with an even stronger motive for killing Johnny than you two, maybe you should give me a call. I'm studying. Actually, I was wondering. Am I missing something? Are you "missing something"? Yeah, what is it about pirates and sunken treasure that makes ordinary people risk their lives, everything they've got for something they're never gonna find? Five minutes. And it's not just about the money. What else is there? I don't know. It's romance and adventure. What romance? Seriously? Countless Spanish galleons sank off of the Florida coast in storms and pirate raids. I mean, there's literally hundreds of million of dollars in treasure all up and down the coast. Really? Yeah, really. People find doubloons and artifacts in their backyard and on beaches and the Glades. It's exciting. So, how exciting would it be if Johnny Hasker actually found the treasure from the Magdalena? Johnny Hasker found the Magdalena? Are you saying that would excite you enough to help me? No, seriously. He actually found it? Yeah, I'm thinking he did. Why? Well, because that's what everyone's fighting about. His business partner and his family thought the only way to turn Johnny's business around and the Haskers' fortune around was to find the Magdalena. And Johnny was the only one with the smarts to actually do it. Not that you needed that to get excited about. Yeah, okay, whatever. Do you want to know about the Magdalena or not? I'm all ears. Okay. "Benito Francisco, a rich colonial official, "and his young bride were heading back to Spain "with his fortune on the ship he'd named after her, "when they were attacked on August 7, 1753, in the Florida Keys by Black Jack Bellamy." Black Jack Bellamy? Really? "The pirate took off with the Magdalena, "the bride, and all the riches, leaving Francisco and his crew adrift at Sea in a lifeboat." That's the romance you're talking about? Okay. I'm listening. "Francisco survived and went after the Magdalena. "There was a battle, and both ships sank, "dragging Black Jack Bellamy, Francisco and his bride, and all the treasure to the bottom of the Sea." So, this guy -- and your five minutes are up, so... Really? Yeah, really. Good night. It's just, with all of the wrecks and all the debris fields... ...How would you know definitively if you've found the actual shipwreck? You'd have to have something that was on the ship's manifest, something that was actually on the ship when it sank, to serve as a definitive artifact. Thanks. Yeah. Carlos, I've got a hunch about the murder weapon I need you to check out. Cause of death was the stab wound. But what stands out are the bites he got from the ceratopogonidae. It's a bloodthirsty midge, commonly referred to as no-see-ums. These bites are swollen. Was he allergic? If he was, they'd all look like that. This is probably nothing, but I can't file the profile on the autopsy until I figure this all out. You asked about the knife, right? Yeah, like ages ago. I'd have to carbon test it for a specific date, but it's your typical mid-18th-century Spanish dagger. Brass-mounted hilt, a crown pommel, steel blade. What about these markings on the hilt? It's an engraved symbol. To identify it, I contacted a historian at the university who happens -- it's the Benito Francisco family crest. I've done the work, okay? The least you can do is just let me have my moment. Sorry. It's the Benito Francisco family crest. Right? Which means the knife may have come from -- yeah, the wreckage of the Magdalena. You couldn't even let me have that, you self-centered prick! Oh, come on. You get the rest. The rest of what? You know, the part about the knife coming from the Magdalena, suggesting Johnny was close to finding it, which means... Which means Johnny Hasker was killed by a greedy bastard who knew that... And who wouldn't hesitate in killing anyone else in his way. This knife was used to kill your cousin. Years of looking tor the Magdalena,. And you can't even identify the Francisco family crest? I guess I didn't look at the picture very closely. Or maybe you didn't want to identify it. Hal, please, shut up. Sorry about yesterday. I was drunk and in no position to answer to a police grilling. Oh, trust me -- that was no grilling. And of course we recognize the Francisco seal. Well, then, why'd you lie about it? Because if word got out that someone had a line on the Magdalena, every amateur salvager in the world would be out there destroying that debris field. So, if Johnny, who bailed on you two, had the GPS coordinates and was salvaging the treasure behind your back, boy, I bet you two would really be pissed off about that. Johnny was a Hasker. If he found that treasure, it would be the same as if I found it. Oh, and I'm sure he'd share all his good fortune with you. The gold, the money, the fame? Johnny's restaurant was circling the drain. Why not throw his hat back in the ring, see if he can make some real money for a change? And lo and behold, Johnny comes bobbing back up to the surface with a knife from the Magdalena stuck in his chest, and his GPS coordinates wiped completely clean. What is your point, son? My point is that you and your son pissed all your money from the Granada away trying to find the Magdalena, and Johnny's the one that found it. Or was going to. And Hal going to Johnny for the coordinates is kind of like Hal "finding" it. Kind of a hell of a way to try and get his daddy's approval. So, if I killed my cousin and found those coordinates, then where the hell's the treasure? I'm thinking sitting on the bottom of the ocean, waiting for this murder to blow away so you can, uh, "find" it. Well, who'd believe that? Hal's never found anything in his life. Just every dime that's kept this company afloat while you pissed away the one fortune we did have. Well, I'm glad you two have worked out your differences. Yeah? Got it. Has had another hat thrown back into it. Or, sombrero. Dulce Mendez. She represents the government of Spain. Wasn't she the lawyer that took the Haskers to court over the Granada treasure? Mm-hmm, and got Spain 30% of it. I bet she got a bonus for that. She say why she's here? Yep, she heard about the dagger from the Magdalena and has come here to claim it for Spain. Wow. No flies on her, huh? Yeah, uh, before you go in, check this out. Johnny Hasker's phone records. They show that he called her three times in the last two weeks. You know, if I was a homicide Detective, I could do a lot with that information. That's cute. Hi, sorry to keep you waiting. So, where is it? The knife? It's in evidence. What's it doing there? Awaiting trial. For the murder of Johnny Hasker. The guy who called you three times last week. Look, I don't know anything about Johnny's murder. I'm here to inform the FDLE that Spain is the rightful owner of any and all artifacts recovered from the Magdalena. I'm sorry. Do you need a minute? To react to what I just said about Johnny being dead? I'm guessing it had something to do with his finding the Magdalena. I'm guessing you're right. You want to have a guess what I'm thinking now? Just because we talked on the phone, that makes me some kind of suspect? Some kind. Okay, well, thanks for stopping by. That's it? I've been officially informed. That's why you came around, isn't it? Look... There's a simple explanation for why we talked. He called to say he'd located the treasure. Huh. He even showed me the knife. He wanted to discuss a deal with my government ahead of recovering the treasure to avoid the years of legal wrangling that followed the discovery of the Granada. I'm sorry. That's really bothering me. There we go. You were saying? What I'm saying is... I expect full cooperation from your government... And full-disclosure updates on anything regarding the Magdalena. Fair enough. And I will let you know if we trip over any treasure chests. How much you want to bet she knows more than she's saying? You think? By the way, there's a bar called the Rusty Crab Pot -- do you know it? I look like I drink at a place called the Rusty Crab Pot? No Johnny's financials -- that is something I can help you with. It turns out that Johnny was so in debt that he signed over his boat and his half of the restaurant to Mark Ellison. And yet Ellison gave Johnny 100 grand last month. Now, why would you throw good money after bad? So, either Ellison's a terrible businessman... Or a terrible liar. I wasn't lying. I didn't think it was important. It was a personal loan. I felt bad for the guy. $100,000 is pretty personal. You sure you weren't staking him a claim in the Magdalena? I told you, Johnny gave up treasure hunting. Yeah, but not if he'd found the Magdalena... And he churned you for proof, as in a knife we found in the dead man's chest. In that case, $100,000 at a chance at half a billion -- That's a pretty good investment. And once he showed you this, you knew he was onto something. A born treasure hunter like Johnny Hasker? Or, if you like, we can dig even deeper into your finances. Okay, fine. He said he'd found the debris field. But he needed money to work the find, so I agreed to stake him 100 grand. Pardon me for trying to protect my investment by keeping my mouth shut. So, where's the debris field? He didn't say. And I wouldn't know where to begin to look. Well, somebody does, 'cause they took the GPS coordinates off the boat. It wasn't me. I'm a businessman. I'm not a treasure hunter. I wouldn't know what to do with them. Now, his family on the other hand.... Oh, yeah, nice try. You already pointed that finger. It's a Captain's log. It lists everything that was on board, from the silver and gold coins to the salt and pepper shakers in the galley. But get this -- the knife that killed Johnny Hasker isn't in it. So Johnny Hasker didn't find the debris field of the Magdalena. Or it was smuggled on by a sailor. A lot of the men who sailed at that time were in between jail sentences. So there is no shortage of concealed weapons on board. So, what does it mean? I don't know. You're the cop. You tell me. Well, it means there's more to this story than meets the eye. Yeah. A lot more. But you're the cop... And a man. Oh, a man? Women weren't allowed on pirate ships. We were considered bad luck. So we have to start thinking like a man. Who's a cop. I thought you had to study for your finals. I know. Yes. I am. But I saw this book, and I just -- I couldn't stop thinking about it. Johnny Hasker couldn't let it go, either. So, how did he find it? Well, if I were a man, or a cop... Mm-hmm. ...I'd try and tackle it like a murder investigation. By irritating as many people as possible until someone finally confesses? How about going back to the people behind the mystery, finding out their relationship to one another, then how they all ended up at the wrong place at the right time? Really? It's that easy? Oh, yeah. Once you work out a person's profile, it's really easy to predict how they're gonna react. Like, for instance, you're gonna realize you're still annoyed with me and leave in a huff. Right. I'm that predictable. But I do have to go. And not in a huff. Just, like, a regular "go." This is out all week, so don't lose it... Or get anything on it. And thank you so much for lunch. I'm paying for lunch? Mm. And you're welcome for the book. Hey. Thanks for the book. Yeah. Carbon test of the dagger dates it from the mid-18th century. It's the real deal, no question. It wasn't on the ship's manifest, so a pirate must have brought it on board. Again with not letting me finish. Sorry. Okay. Here's the interesting part. While the knife is old, the Benito Francisco family crest engraved on it, is new. What do you mean, new? I found traces of polymethyl methacrylate. It's a compound used in photo engraving. Someone coated the handle with the compound and blasted light right through the photographic negative of the Francisco crest, leaving the perfect etching of the crest in the brass. Which means... The knife that killed Johnny Hasker is a forgery. Exactly. Sam down. Sammy sorry about that. Oh! No, it's all right. Here, Sam, go get the ball! Sammy! I'm sorry to disappoint you, Detective, but I didn't kill Johnny. I mean, of course I'm upset that my partner was killed. Come here. But when you think about it, I'm the real victim here. Oh, no, I think Johnny's still the real victim. I invested 100 grand in finding the treasure of the Magdalena. And now Johnny's dead, and someone's made off with the GPS coordinates. That means someone's out there right now stealing what's rightfully mine. Yeah, or maybe that person's you. Or maybe the true treasure is finding out how this guy swindled you out of 100 grand. What are you talking about? Well, you know, the -- the knife, the one he used to get you to pony up the money? Hey, you, come here. It's fake. What? Which I think someone found out about and, in a fit of rage -- uh, you know, like someone who was swindled out of 100 grand -- used the knife to kill the swindler. Hey, you know anyone like that? Go, boy! I didn't even know that the knife was a fake until you told me right now. Yeah, maybe. Or maybe -- my theory, you did, and then you killed him. Come on, come on. You're unbelievable. You know, it's a real shame. A guy like Johnny falling from grace that much he has to resort to swindling his own friends and family to get respect. Go, Sammy! Of course he's dead now. And, I guess, without those coordinates, we'll never know just how close he came to, uh, finding the Magdalena, or if at all. Certainly went to a lot of trouble to con me with that knife. What do you -- what do you think, that the GPS coordinates are a fake, too? You know, that's a very interesting question coming from you. I don't know if Ellison's motive was the 100 grand he lost or whether he stole the coordinates to find the treasure himself. I just know I don't want to let him off the hook yet. Then keep Ellison in play. Oh, and I found the address to that bar you asked me about. The Rusty Crab Pot. I sent you an e-mail. Great. Thanks. You know, I hate to say it, but Daniel picked a hell of a week for finals. Really? What, another menial task to do? I need you to run a plate number for me. All right. Done. You lied to me. You don't hate your son half as much as you pretend to. Oh, I don't hate my son at all. I just wish he'd grow a pair. Well, maybe he did. You weren't with your son the night of the murder, were you? You were drinking at the Rusty Crab Pot till 2:00 in the morning, fell asleep by the bar. The owner called you a cab, tried to get on to your son to come pick you up, but he couldn't find him. Why'd you lie about his alibi? Because my son asked me to. Because you think he killed your nephew. Hal did not kill Johnny. You know how I know? Because he doesn't have any balls? Yeah, well, even so, I'm gonna take him in for questioning. Okay, I was there that night, but not to kill my cousin. I went over there to find those coordinates. He caught you ransacking the place. You two fought. You argued, and then you killed him with the knife. That's not true. Johnny wasn't even there. Your cousin Johnny has been a source of aggravation and humiliation for you your whole life, a shadow you've never been able to get yourself out from under. Why not knock him off the pedestal that you believe you deserved? I just thought that if I went over there and I found some coordinates or a map or something that my dad and I could salvage the wreckage together. We could dig ourselves out of the financial hole that we're in. We could take back our name and our reputation. And now Johnny's out of the picture. Hey, win-win, right? But there were no maps! His GPS memory was wiped completely clean. It was like Johnny had turn into some kind of hoarder or something. All he had was a bunch of worthless artifacts that meant nothing. "A bunch of worthless artifacts that meant nothing." In my experience, anything that means nothing usually means something. Yeah, well, good luck figuring out what "nothing" means, huh? And while you're, uh, digging through that stuff, I got something that actually might help. The swelling on Johnny's bites was a vibrio infection. If it had gotten any worse, it could have killed him and saved somebody the trouble. Really? From bug bites? Mm-hmm. Yeah, the bites itched, Johnny scratched them, broke the skin, and then came into contact with a nasty strain of vibrio vulnificus, which got into the body through the open wounds. Where do we find this bacteria? Only found in brackish water, where the no-see-um insect population is extremely dense. Brackish water. Where salt water and freshwater mix. Yeah, no, that's great, and there's only like a million miles of mangroves like that in Florida. Well, at least we've got a line on where Johnny's been. We just don't know where or why. What do you got? Uh, I have a portrait of Benito Francisco that he had commissioned, of him and his wife. Looks like true love. Yeah, it was an arranged marriage. Not uncommon for the time. And that's Black Jack Bellamy. Pirate? Right. Got it. That's all I've got. And all these books are... They're all Captain's logs and maritime accounts of the night the Magdalena was attacked. The thing that's weird is that they all describe Black Jack Bellamy as being this person who knew the exact location of the Magdalena the night he attacked it. They describe him as some ghost who appeared out of nowhere. Well, not so much a ghost. An inside man? Who knew the charted course of the Magdalena and slipped it to someone. Yeah, and then left the ropes conveniently over the side of the boat. So, if we could find out who that person was and why they did it, we can be one step closer to Johnny Hasker's search for the treasure. Not bad for a civilian. And although this is very exciting and romantic, I'm searching for a killer, not buried treasure. You don't think that following Johnny Hasker's trail will lead you to his killer? Well, of course. Or maybe the person or persons who checked out these books lately? Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy? Sam, get out of there. Yeah? Hey, sorry to bother you. Wanted to talk to you about Dulce Mendez. Uh, the lawyer that screwed Johnny and his family out of the proceeds from the Granada. Yeah. That Dulce Mendez. I've never met the woman. Why? Really? See, 'cause, uh, both you and Dulce both had the same book from the same library in the last six weeks. Gave me this crazy idea you two knew each other. Oh, that and the dog hair. Dog hair? Yeah. Oh, and the car parked up the street with the consulate plates. I checked the book out of the library 'cause I was curious about my investment. In terms of what's going on in that parasitic bitch's mind, you'll have to ask her. As far as I'm concerned, she's the one that should be dead, not Johnny. Oh. Sorry to hear you feel that way. What are you talking about? No, I'm -- I'm sorry. I'm confused. Why are you sleeping with her? Sleeping with her? Are you out of your mind? Ma'am, come here. You're under arrest. This way. Look, Detective, I don't know where you're going with this, but I think I've heard enough, so, if you don't mind... Actually, I do. And it's not about where I'm going. It's where you're going. Uh... How did you know about us? Next time you have an affair with a guy who owns a dog, you might want to run a lint brush over your jacket. There is nothing illicit about my feelings for Mark. Then why were you sneaking out of the back door of his house? Who I'm in love with is nobody's business. However, if the Spanish government learned I was sleeping with an investor in the Magdalena salvage efforts, there are some that might perceive that as a conflict of interest. Because it is. Johnny know you were canoodling with his business partner? Yeah, he knew. How'd Johnny feel about you sleeping with the enemy? I told him it was improving our negotiating position. You got some bites? You've been traipsing through the mangroves. This is Florida. I got them traipsing through the mall. Looks itchy. So, how are those negotiations with Dulce working out for you? Well, there's no treasure, so we've given up negotiating. But our positions are coming along nicely. The Spanish government got $120 million from the Granada treasure. How much did you get? Nothing. I was doing my job. You saw the opportunity, didn't you? You seduce Johnny Hasker's business partner into helping you find the debris field, then you and Ellison -- you kill Johnny, you steal his coordinates, and you wait for the murder to go to the cold-case file before you dig it up. That's absurd! I wouldn't begin to know how to haul artifacts off the ocean floor. Do you have any idea how dangerous that kind of work is? Maybe just as dangerous as killing a local hero like Johnny Hasker on his own boat. And when the world found out about the discovery of the Magdalena, how are we supposed to profit from 400-year-old artifacts we can't sell? Well, you wouldn't sell the artifacts. You'd melt it down, sell the gold. It's not all gold. Besides, most of the value is intrinsic. If we melted it down, it'd be worth $20 million. It wouldn't be worth half a billion. Oh, for $20 million, I'd still risk the bends. And Dulce has all those connections in the rare-artifact black market. You guys could sell the artifacts to collectors for years. No one would ever know. Awful big assumption with no basis in fact. Yeah, well... Making assumptions is how I catch murderers. Congratulations. Dulce Mendez is threatening to sue the department for malicious prosecution. She doesn't like being a person of interest? And I've been trying to figure out what Johnny spent the 100 grand on, because it sure as hell wasn't on salvaging equipment. Or boat fuel. No. How did you know that? I didn't. I'm guessing. All right, well, good guess. There was no charges for fuel at the marina. Which means he hasn't been out to Sea. And maybe that's why his GPS memory card was clean. It wasn't wiped. He hasn't been out. Which begs the question... What did he spend 100 grand on? Land. Or marsh, to be exact. Marsh, as in mangroves? Yeah, the sale just went though the county assessor's office on Monday. Monday -- the day before he was killed. 20 acres of worthless swamp. Only worthless if Johnny's guess was wrong. The no-see-um bites that almost killed him, not spending money on boat fuel -- you know what? He was onto something that suggested the treasure is not at the bottom of the ocean. It's buried in the mangroves. But without a map or specific coordinates, he'd have to dig a million holes just to find it. Mm. So either Johnny bought a worthless piece of swamp on a whim, or he had an idea where the treasure was. Gasps ] There was no inside man. No, come in. It was an inside job, but there was no inside man, because it was an inside woman. A woman? Yeah. What, that woman? Yes. Magdalena. No, you said that was Magdalena. That is Magdalena. They're both Magdalena. I mean, look. It's the same hair, the same eyes. Only in this one, they're smiling and bright because she was totally in love with him. With a bloodthirsty pirate? The bad boy, yeah. And he was totally in love with her. That's why he had this etching made, so that he could take it with him out to Sea and have her with him always. Okay, so, she's trapped in a loveless marriage. They plan the kidnapping and theft together? Right, and probably bury the treasure in a place where only they know about. But they were killed before they could go back, get it, and run off together. The etching tells us they were in love with each other. Unfortunately, it doesn't tell us where the treasure is. Actually... I think it does. Come on. The evidence room! This is where you think that there's buried treasure? Hey, this was your idea. How is this my idea? You found the etching. To prove they were lovers. Yeah, which you did, with the etching. Notice anything else? No. No, wait, yeah. No, she's holding a helmet in her lap. Spanish Conquistador helmet. Now, Black Jack Bellamy wasn't Spanish, and Magdalena renounced her marriage to Francisco. So why put it in an etching of themselves if it didn't mean anything? I'm sorry. Even for you, that is a stretch. Is it? Now, Johnny found this as an artifact from one of the many debris Fields that he was salvaging while trying to find evidence of the Magdalena, and he must have thought it was just a keepsake, thought nothing of it, put it on the shelf, forgot about it. But then he went broke, and he went after the Magdalena again. By using the helmet? Yeah, he didn't have money to launch another expedition, so he searched for the treasure the same way we did -- with research books and websites. And he came to the same conclusion. We've come to some conclusion? He actually had the key to the entire mystery in his hands all along. But he was killed before he could prove it. Hit the lights. Okay, Jim. Now, I'm no expert at this, but... Unless I'm mistaken... ...That... Is the exact position of the stars on August 7, 1753. The night black Jack bellamy attacked the Magdalena. Black Jack poked those constellations into this helmet so he could remember where he buried the treasure. It's a treasure map. Oh, my God. Have I lost my mind coming out here with you? No one dragged you. Uh, yeah, you did. You drove, remember? I offered to drop you off. No, you didn't. Didn't I? Well, I meant to. Are you sure these coordinates are right? Yeah -- got them from the sextant, put them into that GPS thingy. "GPS thingy"? Oh, my God. I'm gonna die. You're not gonna die. I'm in a swamp with a guy from Chicago who says "GPS thingy"! I'm definitely gonna die! Are you finished? Brilliant. This thing is leading us out of the swamp. Now we're lost? We're not lost. Yeah. We're lost. I'm being eaten alive by bugs! And we're gonna die! We're not gonna die. I'm going back to the car. Shit! Why do I listen to you?! Oh! Me?! It was you that wanted to find friggin' treasure! Oh, yeah! I want to find the friggin' treasure! Not be lost in the swamp with you! What is that? What is that? Is that it? I don't know. Whatever it is, it's really big. And it's exactly where the coordinates say it is. I think I found something. Open it. Jim. I know. That's like millions of dollars in there. Hundreds of millions. What do you want to do with it? What do you mean? I mean, what do we do with it? Well... We could do anything we want. No more chasing bad guys. No more double shifts. No more alarm clock. Wait. You wake up to an alarm clock? Oh, you know, when I'm trying to get up early for a tee time. Of course, uh... If we don't give this to the proper authorities, we will actually be the bad guys. Could you live with that? Too bad you're never gonna find out. Friends of yours? Suspects, actually. That's Johnny's partner. That's his Spanish lawyer. They killed Johnny for the treasure. Only we didn't know where it was till you found it for us. Thanks for that. Now dig out the other chests and bring them up. You let them follow you? Well, no, I didn't let them follow me. You know what? I probably would've realized they were following me if it wasn't for your incessant bitching. Oh, my God. That is such a guy thing. You know, it's everybody else's fault. Everyone else's fault? Oh, so, maybe it's my fault that your husband's in prison and you have to raise your child alone -- boo-hoo! Oh, my God! You know what? Maybe it's my fault that you don't get the hint that this is never gonna happen, okay?! Guys, come on! Really? I hate you! I hate you! I hate you more! Thanks. Yeah. Like I had a choice. For now, the treasure from the shipwreck of the Magdalena is evidence in a murder trial. Now, where it goes after that is up to the courts. In the meantime, the FDLE will be working with additional state security to ensure the safety of these priceless items as we close... You should be up there. Let the world know who the real treasure hunter is. I am no treasure hunter. I'm just a cop solving a crime. Oh, please. Mr. Humble, all of a sudden? But tell me... Weren't you just the slightest bit tempted to keep the gold for yourself? Never even crossed my mind. You liar. I had to get one last look before it disappears into the legal system. Yeah, I hear that. We could've died out there, Jim. But we didn't. We got out of there. Yeah, but we could've. And it made me realize that life is too short. Look, Callie... I'm gonna talk with Ray. I don't want to be with someone who lets his family down. I want to be with someone who I can count on... Who loves my son and waits for me... And listens... And is my friend, even when that is not easy. And I don't want to stop myself from the way I feel when I see you. Or feel like I'm doing something wrong. And even though I have no idea where I'm going with this, I know I have to be honest with my husband and with myself. So I'm gonna ask Ray for a divorce. Okay. Okay. -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.Addic7ed.Com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 