The Glades: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Glades 
 s1e9 - Honey - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Glades (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 9 - Honey - full transcript 
 In the Seminole casino, tribal elder Sally was fatally thrown trough the sky-roof. As it's part of the reservation, Jim has an ongoing conflict over jurisdiction with tribal police officer Josie Tigertail, yet the become friends, partially thanks to Jeff inviting both. Sally's role in reservation politics and bad relationship with son Bily, a crafty gambler with a record, provide potential motives. Jim is however more intrigued by the concurrent theft of musical memorabilia from the barely protected casino museum hall, including the guitar of blues legend Gregory Richmond, whose son Michael is part of the casino's band. Manager Peter Lang's own secret prove relevant. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on, baby. Let's go! Wow... I'm getting married! I'm getting married! I'm getting married! Ladies and gents, give it up for Blues Rock Boogie. They'll be back in 30 minutes. 21. There you go. 19. Ladies, let's win some money. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All right, all right. Okay, what are we gonna do it for? What number? What number? 27. No, no, no, no. 15, 15. Hey! What's the deal? No more bets. Come on, come on. 27. Come on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go! 27! So, this is the famous Blues Rock Casino. Pretty big. Hotel, pool, concert venues, restaurants. And, until this morning, a glass skylight. You were the first officer on scene? Investigating officer. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh. Sorry. The uniform put me off. FDLE doesn't make you wear one? Yeah, they try. Detective Josie Tigertail. Wow. Really? That's a name you don't hear every day. Unless you're a Seminole Indian. Welcome to the res, Longworth. Victim was 58. Female. Seminole. Name's Sally Bird. She was a casino executive. Vice President of Operations. It says here she was a tribal elder? A very important tribal elder. She fell from the 12th floor of the hotel, overlooking the casino skylight. Jumped, tripped, or pushed? Good question. That's why I'm here. Actually, you're here because I wanted you here. Not you, per se. FDLE. Tribal police don't have the forensic resources you have. I need your help. But let me be clear -- this is still my investigation. Yet you want and need me. You don't do uniforms. I don't do partners. It's nothing personal, just easier. You mind? Me? I have no mind. So, where's the victim? Yeah. About that. They moved the body? The casino workers were upset. They were trying to help. Before the coroner could see it? Don't get your panties in a twist. We're in a casino. There'll be plenty of surveillance footage. Called it yet? No. Can you believe this? Whoa! Did you see that? What? She just moved. She what? She has a pulse. Her breathing is weak. She's bradycardic. She's alive! What? No. Watch out, Detective. We have to get this woman to a hospital. We have to get her there right now! Now?! Now! Some say I don't play well with others. I was a damn good Detective in Chicago until a disagreement with my boss encouraged me to pack it up and make a change. So I put the Windy City in my rearview and headed to the Sunshine State to kick back, play some golf, work on my tan, maybe write the occasional speeding ticket. Yeah, well... That didn't work out. The Glades 1x09 Honey Original Air Date on September 5, 2010 -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- Thought you'd be in an ambulance. Yeah, we couldn't wait. Had to get her out of there. What do we have? We've got... A dead woman. Time of death -- 11:07 A.M. Don't make me lie for you like that again. Wait. You knew she was dead? It was an emergency. Yeah, for his ego. If I'd called time of death at the casino on tribal land... Tribal police would be in charge of the case instead of him. Okay, sorry I asked. You'd be sorry you didn't. Ask, I mean. It's a really interesting case. Very interesting. Hey, look what I found... In the victim's pocket. I keep making your life easier. Only if it's a signed confession from the killer. It's close. It's a suicide note. Yeah, signed confession. Huh? No. Uh, you're welcome. You know, people don't realize, but a lot of homicides are actually solved by the coroner. Autopsies are the most important part of a case. You know, I've never seen one. Are you serious? Yeah. Come by later. I'll show you. Really? Thanks. Excuse me. I'm looking for Detective Longworth. Brown hair, blue eyes, kind of a pretty boy. And you would want him for...? He messed with my body. You are talking about a case, right? Of course. The man's a grade-a pain in my ass. Yeah. That's how it starts. Uh, you just missed him. Damn. You know where he went? Hey, fancy meeting you here. You didn't signal when you changed lanes back there. Would it have mattered if I had? License and registration. Really? You're that mad? Step out of the car, sir. Is that your gun in there? No, I'm just happy to see you. But, um, this is my badge. I'm on duty. Not on the reservation, you're not. You're not authorized. In fact, you can't do anything without tribal police with you. You can't make arrests. You can't conduct interviews. Okay, listen, Josie -- "Detective Tigertail" to you. Do you think you could let me off this once? Sure. I'm warning you that for the duration of this investigation, you're gonna share information with me and keep me in the loop. Or else...? Hey, you want to play bad cop, got to back it up. Or else you won't get very far. Clapton's guitar, Bonham's drumsticks. What happened here? In the chaos after the body fell, some pieces were stolen off the wall. Blues Rock has the most valuable collection of music memorabilia in the world -- everything from Buddy Holly's jacket to Madonna's lingerie. We're gonna need surveillance for this whole area and a list of the items that were stolen. What? You said I needed to go through you. Sorry. Tribal police. We've got to check that guitar. No way, man. This guitar belongs to me, not the casino. I'm in the house band -- Blues Rock Boogie? See the poster? That's me. That's an electric guitar. The one's acoustic. Mind your own business. This is our business. Hey, hey, ladies, gents. There's no need to tussle. We're all a little frazzled, but let's be cool. It's the guitar. They won't let me leave. This? Couldn't be stolen. It's not even vintage. Check the sound-hole label. "Made in 2008." And look at this. Her name is on the strap. Angie Sweet. She's good, but Sweet Angie's sax ain't being displayed at no Blues Rock Casino just yet. We cool? Yeah, we're cool. He's FDLE. So make sure to grab his badge and I.D. Go ahead. Someone must have been pretty angry with Sally to do this. I know people were upset when she pushed tribal council to buy the casino. She was also on the committee that verifies tribal membership. What, she keep people out of the tribe? No, tribal constitution determines who gets in. Yeah. She just enforced those laws. No, you're right. Probably a lot of people who wanted to kill Sally. Yeah. Including Sally. It's a suicide note we found in her pocket. When were you going to tell me about this? I'm telling you now. So she owned a hotel suite in the penthouse? 12th floor. All of the casino executives had one. I can't believe she jumped. She didn't. Is this her suicide note or not? The suicide note's right here on her computer. The num lock's on. "I've done things I'm not proud of. I've hurt a lot of people." She seemed so strong, so together. But her manicure was a mess. The nail polish on both hands was all smudged, like she'd just done it. See the nail-polish bottle on the table? Cap's not on properly. So, she did her nails. But when I came in, I saw nail polish on the doorknob. Well, maybe she opened the door to let someone in. Yeah, exactly -- two things you don't do when you're about to commit suicide -- get gussied up, let people into your room. The suicide note is a fake. Wonder what Sally was watching when she did her nails. Um... Poker, Blackjack, and craps. This guy's winning. Oh, you mean cheating. Casinos don't keep surveillance on honest players. Yeah, no reason to. The honest ones are losing. You know what? Take those DVDs into evidence. Give them to Daniel at the lab. I am a Detective. I'm not your assistant. Well, it's about time you people show up. Are you tribal police? She is. I'm FDLE. Okay, good. I'm the one that saw the suicide note on Sally's computer. I still can't believe Sally killed herself. Maybe she didn't. Let me guess -- casino workers let him in. Yeah, that's right. I'm sorry. I'm Peter Lang. I'm Vice President of Acquisitions at Blues Rock. I curate all the memorabilia. I'm also Sally's transition man. He was helping Sally for the past -- I helped Sally learn the casino business. It was my job to make sure she was okay until she could run things on her own. She didn't look like the kind of woman that needed help. Well, you're right. She wasn't. But operating a casino is kind of a tricky business, especially if it's run by the tribe. Every tribal member gets a div-- every tribal member gets a dividend of almost $7,000, and Sally was responsible for that. That could be a motive for some. Well, listen, Sally was tough, okay? But she was -- she was always fair. She always had the tribe's best interest at heart, even if that meant alienating some of her own flesh and blood sometimes. He's talking about her son Billy. Her son Billy was a real troublemaker, all right? She had to have him banned from the whole casino. That must have been difficult for her. Oh, it was. I mean, he was a -- a real thorn in her side. Probably her one failure. And lately, things have been getting even worse between them. So you said not suicide? I don't know -- I got to tell you, I mean, that could've been something to make her want to kill herself. Some people will do that to you. Method of death is definitely not suicide. Ultraviolet photography shows the bruising on her face is consistent with blunt force from an irregular object, like a fist. She was beat up. Right before she died. Defensive wounds? No, but she grabbed onto something before she fell. There was evidence under her fingernails. Skin tissue from the killer? Uh, definitely not skin. Um, it's inorganic. I'm having it tested. Come closer so you can see. I'm good. Leave her alone. I don't want her vomiting on my corpse. Got to toughen up. Like you? The lone wolf. Work alone. Go home alone. Have one lone friend who puts up with you because he has to. This coming from the cop who doesn't like partners? Face it, Longworth, you're just a man without a tribe. Wow. Not even a day together. Already, she's got your number. Don't start. Hey. Hey. I was just calling you. Yeah. Uh...Mm-hmm. Want to grab some dinner? Uh, I can't. Carlos said I can come and watch an autopsy. Over dinner, you want to hang with a stiff and a dead guy? Yeah. We'll talk later. Hey, Callie. Callie. Um...Are you -- um, are we... I don't know, I just feel like something's... Yeah. Actually... Uh-oh. I don't want to do this anymore. Okay. What are we doing? Exactly. I can't handle whatever it is that we're doing right now. Look, I never meant to complicate your life or anything. Then you know what? Let's keep it really simple. We have a professional relationship. Why are you looking at me like that? Seriously. I feel like you're not hearing me. I want to be just friends -- just friends -- without waiting for something else to happen, okay? Okay. Uh, but friends can still grab -- no, friends can't. Or at le-- we can't. I feel like you're not hearing me. No, I am. I am. I'm hearing you. I guess, um... Well, your corpse awaits. The technology you have for analyzing fingerprints, body fluids, and DNA is amazing. Tribal police can't compete with that. Good morning. Looks like it. I was waiting for you outside. Oh, sorry. Detective Tigertail found me. Oh, please, call me "Josie." I've been grilling Dr. Sanchez about all the resources you have here at FDLE. Please, call me "Carlos." Shouldn't you be chopping up corpses or something? They're not going anywhere. I just wanted to see these DVDs Josie took from Sally's hotel room. Of course, I don't condone this kind of behavior, but, uh, this is pretty amazing. The casino cameras captured what looks like three different con men working scams. It's hard to tell, but they're all sleight-of-hand cons -- past-posting, drop-box fishing, the hold-out. Blues Rock always sends us a list of banned players with their photos. I haven't seen any of these men. Man -- one man, not three -- wearing disguises. That's right. How'd you see that? Of course. You can change hair color, cheeks, lips. But the one thing a disguise can't change is the distance between your eyes. Hmm. I had one of our artists come up with a sketch of what the con man probably looks like. You said there was inorganic material underneath the victim's fingernails? That's the same kind of material they use in wigs and prosthetic disguises. This could be our killer. Techs ran his face through a facial-recognition program. He's not in the system. Doesn't matter. I know who he is. How pathetic. I don't know. Getting that close to alligator breath's got to be brave, at least. Alligators are only aggressive in their own territory. You bring it out here, you can push it around. Hey. FDLE. Tribal police. I'd like to ask you a few -- I'd like to ask you some questions. This is my investigation. You're on tribal land. Can we not do this now, please? What's this about? We have a search warrant to search your house, place of premises. Why? Billy Bird, you're wanted for questioning in the murder of your mother, Sally Bird. The police called. They said it was suicide. Not according to the coroner. I can't believe someone would do this to her. Stick to swamp tours and gator wrestling, Billy. The grieving-son act isn't really your best routine. You two weren't exactly close. Sally hated all this crap. A proud Indian putting himself on display for tourists. I am proud. Thanks to the Chikee craft booths and Indian villages, people all over the world know about Seminole indians. It's embarrassing, disgraceful. I'll tell you what's disgraceful -- taking money away from poor people who really can't afford to gamble. Actually, he makes a good point there. Oh, I was really impressed with your whole "kissing the alligator" thing, too. So, you were conning the casino to make a point? Sally has footage of you gambling at the casino. Of course, you were wearing disguises to hide your identity from security. We checked your phone records. You two hadn't talked in months. But two nights ago, Sally called you, talked for 25 minutes. We were catching up. I'm sure. About the $50,000 you stole from Blues Rock by cheating at the tables? It's not possible to steal from a casino. You know they call slot machines one-armed bandits? It does seem like a victimless crime. What? Sally didn't think so. You were stealing money from the tribe. We kind of think she called you, threatened to go to the cops if you didn't pay the money back. She didn't want to turn you in. That's why she didn't tell anyone about your scams. She kept giving you another chance to turn your life around. You threw it back in her face. You killed her. I didn't kill her! All right? I couldn't have. I was here all morning. Too bad you can't make the alligators talk. Your co-workers can't verify you were here. They can't verify he wasn't, either. I don't have enough to get him on murder. But I do -- for casino fraud. We're executing a search warrant of Billy's residence for the disguises. And he's in your holding cell, no thanks to you. I was playing good cop to your bad cop. You're a very good bad cop. So, tech processed Sally's computer. There was no traces or DNA evidence from Billy, but we did find a fingerprint on the keyboard from Peter Lang. On the number lock key, I bet. Only a number-cruncher like Peter would use the num lock key, right? Well, that and he found the suicide note. Maybe he wrote it. Maybe. A file was deleted from Sally's computer after she hit the roulette table. Of course, just because it's deleted doesn't mean it's gone. Bingo. Thank you. This is a memo from Sally. She just wanted to have me re-appraise some of the casino's memorabilia. Why? Did she think some of the piece were inaccurately valued? Uh, yeah. Yeah, something like that. Listen, there's no point in really getting into all that right now, is there? The point is you erased the document. I was upset, okay? I wasn't thinking. I certainly wasn't thinking how it might look, okay? I just did it. Trying to protect yourself? No. All right, listen. I was protecting Sally. She was scamming the casino. What?! No way. Scamming how? Well, the easiest way to explain it is that she was lying to the casino about some of the items of memorabilia. What, claiming pieces were worth less? Yeah. Then she would find some private collectors to buy those undervalued items for the true price then pay the casino the lower value and pocket the rest for herself. He's lying. Sally would never do anything to harm the tribe. Well, I agree, and that's why this is so surprising. And, of course, we can't ask Sally. You know, you're only pretending to protect her because it makes you look less guilty. Look, I didn't even have to say anything, okay? You know what? I'm done. If you need anything else, Detective Longworth, just contact my lawyer. Please don't sit on the car. Actually, I do need something else. You gonna get that list of the items that were stolen? Sure. Right away. It's a nice car. Hey, Jeff. Hey. Oh, hey. What are you doing here? I'm waiting for my mom to take me home. She's watching some autopsy. Two in a row. They must be good. Look, cutting up dead people's gross. Hey, Longworth. You are a pain in the ass. Why didn't you tell me the evidence report was ready? I'm sorry. Is this...Your son? No, uh, this is my good friend Jeff. Jeff, this is Detective Tigertail. That's a cool name. You a Seminole Indian? 100 percent. Smart kid. Ah, we read about it all the time in school. I didn't know you had a case on the res. How do you like working with tribal police? Oh, I...Like it. I'm learning to be a good cop. Yeah, Detective Tigertail has a lot of passion, as you can see. So do you. He just doesn't want anyone to know how much he cares. Yeah. I'm known as a lone wolf. Ha! Yeah, there's no such thing. Wolves are led by a male and female couple. Oh, what, you read that in school? No, everybody knows that wolves travel in packs. Oh, crud. I gotta go. Uh, it's great meeting you, Detective Tigertail. Bye, Jeff. Call me "Josie." Hey, Josie, can -- not you. I had to get Daniel to give me a copy of the evidence report. I didn't give you the report because the findings were inconclusive. The disguises found in Billy's house were made of latex and nylon. Turns out that's the same inorganic material Carlos found under Sally's fingernails. Turns out those are similar, not the same. I think Billy did it. There's been bad blood between him and Sally for years. Of course, turns out Peter has a motive, too. We know he can get into her room easily -- is that more surveillance video? Yeah. Just after Sally hit the table. It's the guest reactions. Take a look. You'll notice they go through the five stages of death -- denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and looting. Five stages -- casino-style. Turns out some people deal with the tragedy of death by stealing. Is that a tambourine and a leather jacket they're taking? Don't know. Somebody hasn't got us the list yet. What's going on there? Judging by the time code, this is the first incidence of looting. It's blocked by a scissor lift. Yeah, the casino has a regularly scheduled maintenance stop right there. What does any of this have to do with Sally's murder? I don't know. That's what we're going back to the casino to find out. Hey, Blues Rock Boogie. Come to hear us play? No, ask you some questions. Did you see anything when that woman came through the skylight? Nah. Band was on break. I guess you didn't see who got the leather jacket and tambourine off the walls, either, huh? No. Why? Are you looking for those, too? Yeah, it's just part of the murder investigation. Hey, you know, there was something else taken, as well. Yeah. Honey. Stovepipe's guitar. Stovepipe Richmond? Famous blues guitar player? You're a fan? Could say that. I'm his grandson. Michael Richmond. Did you take it? You know, I knew someone was gonna ask me that. Why would I do that? When Honey was on the wall, at least everybody knew who old Stovepipe was. Put him up there with Hendrix, Clapton, and Page. Could I ask you where you were during the murder? On break with the band. Ask them. You really think I'm a suspect? This is a murder investigation. Should've known tribal police was behind this. Seminoles always got to treat everybody else like they're second-class citizens, when you all are nothing but a bunch of drunk injuns collecting casino checks like it's welfare while everybody else works for a living. We close? Where's the bad cop when you need her? Sally probably had to deal with people like that all the time. None of the items are set up to a security system. The glass cases don't look like they were there for security, just to keep the items from damage. Casino figures no one would be bold enough to steal something off the wall. Yeah, especially not with the cameras. Good, old-fashioned smash and grab. But here, where Honey was on display, the lock's broken, but the glass case is intact. You said Honey was the first item to be looted. Yeah. Maybe stealing Honey wasn't a crime of opportunity like the others. Whoever stole Honey knew when the scissor lift was gonna block the camera. And that there would be a big enough commotion to divert attention away from breaking the lock and stealing the guitar. It was planned. Sally's death was a diversion for stealing Honey. Jim? Knock-knock. Hello? Hey. Jim. Hello? Hi. Hey. Josie, right? Right. Callie? Yeah. I didn't realize that you guys were busy working on the case. You know, he was gonna tell me about it, but I was too busy to talk. And then Carlos filled me in, so I thought I'd just drop by some old Stovepipe CDs I found. Great. Thanks. Okay. Well, I'm gonna get going. I don't want to interrupt that. Hey. Hey, Callie. What are you doing here? Leaving. Josie, it was nice to see you again. Yeah, you too. Yeah, we're just, uh, working on the case. I can see that. Yeah, Detective Tigertail and I were -- please, call me "Josie." She brought over a list of memorabilia that was stolen from the casino. Well, you should get back to that. Night. Night. You did tell her we were just working on the case, right? Is there some reason why she should care about what we're doing? So, the leather jacket and tambourine turned up on eBay and a local pawnshop. Sellers are both in custody. But neither one have ties to Peter or Billy. Or Sally, for that matter. And Honey's still missing? Yeah. But compared to the others, Honey isn't worth much. The leather jacket was appraised at $35,000. The tambourine was going for $10,000. Yeah, Honey was only appraised as $4,300. That's because nobody cares about Gregory "Stovepipe" Richmond. Not true. You see, uh Sally Bird wasn't no friend of mine. Had my guitar up there in that hotel. Wouldn't even complimentarize me a room. And I'm part Seminole. But she didn't want to hear that. Yeah, wasn't about to let no "blues man" into her tribe. You keep talking like that, he's liable to think that you killed her. Oh, here, here, here. Here. Take your pills. Thank you, little tiny. Your last name is "Smalls." Is that why they call you "little tiny"? No. Well, now, if what he said is true, then I am truly sorry that anyone would lose their life over a guitar. Even "ole misery guts" Sally Bird. But I understand. Honey was the sweetest guitar you ever want to hear. Why did you sell her? He didn't. My father always said that guitar was who I was. Even if I had nothing, a little bit of Honey would get me something. So, how did Honey end up at the Blues Rock? They bought her from my record company. Record company took it from me. Said I owed an advance of my royalties. 'Fore that, my -- my father won it in a poker game from a Pullman Porter took it from Robert Johnson himself. Yeah, Robert Johnson was the greatest blues guitarist ever lived. You ever heard of him? Yes, sir. Made a deal with the devil at the crossroads for his talent. Lot of people made that deal. You want Honey's full provenance, you talk to Mr. Lang -- he's got it. Peter Lang? He worked with Sally. What is a provenance? Oh, it's a document. Collectors use it to verify history, you know, ownership. It's the only way to establish the real value of a thing. And why would Peter lang have Honey's provenance? I don't know. But he asked me to sign some papers talking about, uh, Honey's pedigree. And you got paid, too. $500. Me and the wife gave it to our youngest for her kids. But can you imagine that? $500 just to sign a piece of paper. Yes, sir. That does seem hard to believe. I want to go to the mall. I mean, a bunch of new video games -- I said no talking until we finish our homework. Can we have Jim over for dinner? Jeff! Yeah, sure, we can do that. And his girlfriend? How do you know he has a girlfriend? I met her at the station. Josie, right? They work together. Well, looks like more than work to me. You're 13. What do you know about it? Okay, mom. So, can we have them over? Uh, I don't know, Sweetie. It'll be fun. Me, you... Jim... Josie. I'll think about it. Okay. I can't get that song from last night out of my head. What's that? Casino's files regarding the memorabilia. You want to talk to Stovepipe today? Already did. You went without me? He doesn't live on the reservation, even though he says he's Seminole. Him and everyone else in Florida. How do you know if someone is Seminole? They have to meet the requirements. Which are? For one, a current tribe member has to sponsor you. Then you have to be directly related to a Seminole listed on the 1957 tribal roll. And you have to have the birth certificate to prove one of your grandparents was a full-blooded Seminole. Sounds like a lot. It's a lot of money. What, $7,000 a year, right? A year? You mean close to $7,000 a month -- for each family member. Roughly $330,000 for a family of four. Per year? Wait a minute. Does that mean you get that kind of money? I'm in the tribe. And still on the job. Yeah, just like you. How much did Chicago P.D. pay out for the bullet you took in your...Cheek? With that kind of money, Gregory could have bought Honey back from the Blues Rock. Not quite. I went through the casino's files regarding the memorabilia. Oh, did you find something called a provenance? Yeah. Based on the history, Honey's true worth is $1.2 million. Did you know Honey was once owned by Robert Johnson? Peter Lang knew that, too. I checked online, pawnshops, auction houses -- Honey still hasn't turned up. I know where she is. Get in. Looks like your rear brake light is out. Want me to check it? Uh, no, actually, that's okay, 'cause I'm kind of -- excuse me. Why? Hello, Honey. I guess we'll be taking you in for questioning. The top is Sitka Spruce -- strong but complex, rich. The neck is mahogany. The fingerboard and bridge is ebony -- classic -- used on violins. The body is dreadnought. The bass response on this is full-body. It's magnificent. See? Even the sound-hole label is hand-drawn. It's one-of-a-kind. I'm impressed. So am I. The plywood on this guitar case is so strong. It's durable. You make it sound so beautiful. You must be a fan. Of catching murderers. If that means understanding how a guitar works or delving into the mind of a somewhat deranged, maladjusted FDLE Detective, then so be it. What about collecting evidence? Can you do that? Done -- there were several short and thin threads in the case, about the length of a fingernail and the thickness of a strand of hair. Inorganic material like under Sally's nails? Great minds. Chemical composition was the same. It's nylon. Diameter and texture from the strands in the case were identical to the material found under Sally's nails. Guitar's case is the killer's. Good cop or bad cop? Definitely bad cop. Is it not obvious to you that I'm being framed here? Only thing that's obvious is you had Honey in the back seat of your car. Somebody left it on my doorstep, okay? The killer, the real killer -- he obviously got scared. He realized he couldn't sell it -- that's a good story, like the one you told about Sally scamming the casino when really it was you. I didn't do anything wrong here. You deleted an e-mail. And you told Sally Honey was worth $4,300. But you were the only one who knew it was really worth $1.2 million. Appraisals are subjective. It's not an exact science. Not when you're off by more than $1.1 million. You couldn't just walk out of the casino with a guitar. Even if no one noticed, the cameras would see you. Wasn't hard for you to figure out when the scissor lift would block the camera. But Sally was on to you. I didn't do anything. If Honey went missing, Sally would know it was you. You had to get her out of the way. You went up to her room, beat her up... Ruined a good manicure. ...And threw her off her balcony. Sally smashing into a roulette table was a great distraction for stealing a guitar. Question is, who helped you? You couldn't kill Sally and steal Honey at the same time. So which part did you do? I didn't kill Sally. Then you stole the guitar. No, I didn't. Okay, look, I admit it. I appraised some of the memorabilia for less than it was worth. That's it. I did not kill Sally, and I did not steal the guitar. We got him dead to rights. I don't know. You heard him confess. Yeah, to a crime he hasn't actually committed yet. You're just disagreeing to disagree with me. No, I'm disagreeing because I disagree. Are you gonna arrest him or not? I'm thinking not. Peter's house is still being processed. This is just the evidence from Peter's office. What's this? Oh, this black band around the poster is sometimes manufactured out of nylon. I like the poster. Yeah? I bet Bon Jovi and Poison are your favorite bands, right? Can I take this? I don't know. Can you? You got hands. Go ahead. Does that warrant cover the casino or just Peter's office? Office. Why? Please don't tell me you want to search the casino. Okay. I won't. Where are you going? You told me not to tell you. You're getting a warrant. The casino -- tell Josie I'll meet her there. What do you think? Nylon fibers from the guitar case and from under Sally's nails could have come from that. Is that wig Michael's or Angie's? Michael's. But she has one, too. They were in it together. How do you want to play this? Straight...Like partners. Let them play the games. See which one cracks first. That a new guitar case, Angie? What, that? No, I've had that. Still got the UPC sticker on it. I must have forgotten to take it off. I guess you forgot to bring it to work the other day, too. Holding your guitar by the neck -- thought that was odd. Professional musician doesn't have a case for her instrument. What happened to your old guitar case? She used it to steal Honey from the casino. And once you realized we were investigating the stolen objects as part of the murder, you knew you couldn't get away with it. You wanted to return Honey, but you couldn't risk bringing it back into the casino. Giving it back to Peter was the next best thing. Didn't hurt that it made him look guilty. Not as guilty as Michael here, though. I have an alibi. You mean accomplice. Yeah, the rest of the band said that you and Angie were together during the break. I looked through your apartment, found the suicide note that you forged for Sally on your computer. It was created two days before she was killed. What? Two days? No, Angie, don't -- no, you said it was an accident. Yeah. I mean no. Look, I said it was an accident. I meant that Sally killed herself. No. No, that's not what you said. That's not what he said. Michael, I never would've done this. Shut up, Angie! Whoa. We're gonna sit down. What did you drag me into? Two days? Never would've done what, Angie? Nobody was supposed to get hurt, okay. He said it was an accident, that he didn't mean to kill Sally. But you planned this? That's not true. Why? What was supposed to happen? A diversion. He was just supposed to create a diversion. What kind of diversion? Pyrotechnics. A pre-loaded flash pot. We use them in the show. I heard the commotion in the casino, but I didn't know it was because Sally was killed. So Michael killed Sally, and you stole the guitar. No. No, Angie, don't do this. Yeah. I stole Honey. But I did it for Stovepipe. The man was a freakin' legend. He never got the recognition or the respect. And now it's too late. What do you mean, too late? He's dying. Michael took him to the doctor last week. Cancer. And -- and Honey was who he was, you know? We just wanted to give the man his guitar back before he passed. And I shouldn't have done it. It was stupid. And I -- I didn't know Michael was gonna kill Sally, I swear. Bitch! Deserved it! Sally Bird took everything from my grandfather -- his guitar, his identity! She wouldn't let him into the tribe. We tried to prove it, but she said he didn't have authentic papers. She broke his heart. No. No, that was all you. Never thought I'd see her again. Be honored if you'd play something. No, no. Probably sound terrible after all this time. Really sorry how things turned out. Your father always said Honey was a part of you. What did he mean by that? Just his way of letting me know that I was meant to be a blues man. Wanted me to feel good about myself. A blues man. And part Seminole Indian. That's right. But you could never prove the Seminole Indian part... Until now. Found that under the sound-hole label. Guessing your father put it there for safekeeping. Probably thought that Honey will be there with you for the rest of your life. What is it? It's a birth certificate for Daryl Bobbie. It's, uh, an authentic birth certificate. That's my grandfather. He was born Ezariah Panther, of the Panther clan. Full-blooded Seminole. Name's on the tribal roll. Your father was right. Honey is a part of you. You are part of the tribe. Now that you have your grandfather's certificate, you qualify. Josie's gonna sponsor you to get in. It'll be an honor. At least I'll have something to leave the grandkids. What about Honey? Honey still belongs to the Blues Rock. But for now... Take your time. Thanks for sponsoring him. Sure. But now I want something from you. A recommendation. FDLE is holding a nine-week training academy for new recruits in Tallahassee. You're gonna leave tribal police? Only so I can come back as the chief someday. After working this case -- and with you -- I realize I need more experience. Oh, you seem pretty experienced to me. A recommendation from an FDLE Agent guarantees me an automatic interview for the Academy. Wait. Does this mean you'll be working for the FDLE? Is that okay with you? You can come by later and pick it up. Grab a beer. I'm fine, thanks. Hey. You busy? Very. As you can see. Alone? Yeah. Jeff wants to invite you and Josie over for dinner. He seems to think that she's your new girlfriend. I think it's a terrible idea. What, inviting us over for dinner or Josie being my new girlfriend? Both. I'm confused. Are we just friends? I mean, I -- I know what you said, so... What do you want? I don't know. Okay, that's a lie. I-I do know. Okay. Let's hear it. That. That -- that's what I want. -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 