The Glades: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Glades 
 s1e4 - Mucked Up - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Glades (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 4 - Mucked Up - full transcript 
 A Texan businessman is murdered in the cane fields but the corpse wasn't burned because of a wind shift during harvest. He came to scout the local sugar workers slum-recruited American football team during the annual Mud Cup, especially star player De'Andre Matthews. While stepping is an father figure for birthday boy Jeff, who greatly appreciates shooting lessons from a real man, Jim investigates the impending sale of the sugar company. he eventually works out the Texan scout's personal interest in De'Andre and the hornets nest thats stirred among his family, personal - and team friends. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gotcha! Got it! [ Laughs ] The rabbit prince. [ Flies buzzing ] [ Police radio chatter, camera shutter clicking ] [ Siren wailing ] Thank you. I love the smell of sugarcane in the morning. Yeah controlled burn, my ass. Hey, make sure that red stuff doesn't touch my dead stuff. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (Officer) Yes, ma'am. Yep. He's dead. You Declan? You found the body? Cryin' shame. Oh, you know who that is? Talking about the burn. Letting a good fire go to waste. Yeah, why do they do that, anyway? You're not from around here? Uh, Chi-town. Windy City? Chicago? Before they can harvest the sugarcane, you got to clear up this here. Fire brings out the rabbits. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Rabbits bring out the muck boys. You caught all these rabbits? You must be fast. Got to be. Coach Ward say you got to catch 50, you want to play in the Mud Bowl. Oh man don't tell me you aint never heard of no Mud Bowl. Only the biggest football game all year! What, bigger than the Super Bowl? Around these parts, yeah. Palm Grove King Snakes gonna put the smack-down on the Panthers. Let me guess. You're going for the King Snake DeAndre Matthews -- that's my boy. Palm Grove wide receiver. Say he got a shot in the NFL someday -- just like me. Oh, yeah? How many rabbits you got in there? Seven. Would have been more, too, hadn't found that dumb old body. You want to buy one? What, a rabbit? Yeah. Sure you don't know who that body is? No, sir, but I'll give you this cottontail just for $2. Make good pets. If you don't want no pet, just cook it. Tastes good, too. All right. Well... Here. Keep the change. [ Indistinct conversations ] (Jim) Some say I don't play well with others. I was a damn good Detective in Chicago until a disagreement with my boss encouraged me to pack it up and make a change. So I put the Windy City in my rearview and headed to the Sunshine State to kick back, play some golf, work on my tan, maybe write the occasional speeding ticket. Yeah, well... That didn't work out. The Glades 1x04 Mucked Up Original Air Date on August 1, 2010 -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Police radio chatter ] I didn't realize this was a kosher crime scene. Otherwise, I would have brought my tchotchkes. What? Daniel! "Happy Bat Mitzvah, Esther"? Don't start. I hauled ass all the way from North Dade County. Marisol said she's having cr?me brul?e. Esther? Ben Feldman's daughter. It's an important rite of passage. Feels like blunt-force trauma. There's also a distinctive ligature mark around his neck. Made by...? A ligature, something distinctive. Daniel. I'm on it. His suit's almost as nice as yours. He was dragged. Postmortem abrasions on his back and torso. Killed elsewhere, dumped here? One of the muckety mucks from Okeechobee Sugar is on their way. Oh, so that's why FDLE is investigating and not Pahokee P.D. They don't call it "big sugar" for nothing. Slightly tanned and an indentation around the right middle finger. He's missing a ring. Yeah, but he's got everything else. Daniel! Cellphone, car-rental keys, motel-room keys, wallet. His name's Curtis Taylor, age 38, from Dallas, Texas. Business card says he's a real-estate developer. So, someone buries Curtis here, hoping no one else will find him. No, but the killer underestimated the muck. What is it about this muck? Muck boys, muck city, muck muck. No, it's the soil. It's so rich and fertile, anything will grow in it. But nothing stays buried in it for long. So we're looking for someone who wouldn't know that. Mm-hmm. So, an outsider? Yeah, and there's been plenty of them around lately. The family that owns O.K. Sugar is looking for a buyer. They've owned this land for generations, and now it seems that they want to sell. Heard it's worth about $1.3 billion. Ooh. Competition must be stiff. [ Laughs ] [ Cellphone beeps ] I can't take him anywhere. Uh, wait. Wait a second. They're here. You want to meet big sugar? Shannon Simpson, V.P. of P.R. for O.K. Sugar. This is a terrible tragedy, and the company's prayers are with the victim's family. You know who Curtis Taylor is? No. I checked. He's not a potential buyer. But since the body was dumped on company land, we'd like to do whatever we can to help you with your investigation. All we ask for is your discretion. "Diligence," "thoroughness," I get. Not sure what you mean by "discretion." Every outlet from ESPN to Joe Sports Blogger is in town for the game. Half of them would run over their own grandmothers to get a story about a dead body in the cane field. And you're worried it might affect the sale. My job is to protect the company's interests. So is mine. Unless your company is interested in hiding a murder. No, we're not hiding anything. In fact, we're giving you everything. This is a list of employees with reprimands and complaints on their file. Big sugar, Big Brother. Locker theft, vending-machine abuse -- wow. I realize it's all pretty small-time stuff. Except for Ron Anderson. Ron, yeah. Uh, vandalized the cars of three executives, threatened to take a baseball bat to the C.E.O.'s head if he sold the company, and about two weeks ago, he got into a screaming match with a junior exec. Turned into a bar brawl. And you didn't fire him? He's pretending to be an activist. We...Don't want to make him a martyr. Where does this boy scout work? In the Fields. He's an ignition specialist. Is that political-correctness corporate-ESE for "he starts fires"? He was supposed to start a fire in the field where the body was found. Wind shifted. Division of Forestry pulled the permit. Lucky for Ron. Otherwise, his fire would've destroyed our evidence. You want to talk to him? [ Horn honking ] Yeah, I dumped some trash on an executive's Mercedes. So what? Everybody in Pahokee hates big sugar. Can't live with them, can't live without them, huh? Like a bad marriage. Name "Curtis Taylor" ring a bell? No. What about this guy? Unh-unh. "Unh-unh"? Take another look. I don't know him. I didn't say you knew him. But you have seen him before, haven't you, Ron? Last week, he was hanging around the field, the football field. High School? Yeah, he was watching us practice every night. "Us"? Yeah, "us." I'm the King Snakes' assistant to the coaching assistant. Impressive. Damn straight. We won the Mud Bowl the last two years, and come Friday, it's gonna be three, baby. Never heard of the assistant to the coach's assistant. It's a volunteer position. Look, I could stand here and talk football with you all day, but I got to set this fire 'fore these winds shift again. [ Door closes ] Damn it, Ray. Uh... Overdue orange, repo red, poorhouse purple. Oh, my God, girl, don't you wish there were a pot of gold at the end of this rainbow? Are you trying to cheer me up? Oh, Callie, you're not the first person to get a little behind on your bills. I'm more than a little behind. Well, have you talked to Ray about this? Because -- [ Thud ] I don't know. Maybe he could do something. How? I don't know, but -- hey, honey. Did you eat yet? I'm not hungry. In about four days, someone's having a birthday, I think. Pretty big one, too. Yeah, whatever. Uh, Ray promised to take him shooting when he turned 13. Well, hell. I can do that. Used to take your daddy all the time. Yeah. Sure. Thanks...Grandma. [ Laughing ] Hey. Listen, buddy, I'm a good shot. It's gonna be fun. Yeah. It...Will be. Thank you, Jody, but I can take him shooting. [ Sighs ] No way. There's as many different types of rope as there are material. Rope is one of man's earliest inventions. Well, let's hope you don't have to go back that far to find a match. Daughters are a mitzvah, and I should know -- I have three of my own. Did Esther like her gifts? Great. Great, great. Mazel tov, Ben. Bye-bye. Since when do you speak Hebrew? It's called having respect for other people's traditions. You should try it. You ever heard of an assistant to the coaching assistant? Come again? Sounds like an intern. Turns out Curtis was hanging out around football practice. Curtis might have been a football player back in the day, but he's had two arthroscopic meniscectomies and an A.C.L. reconstruction, both common injuries for a defensive lineman. Hard to believe a guy like that wouldn't go down without a fight. He's got defensive wounds but not many. And I found sodium hydroxide on his hands and in his abrasions on his torso. It's lye. Why would the killer put lye on the body? Lye is an accelerant. Have you identified what made those ligature marks yet? An accelerant like lye would have helped the fire destroy the body. That's not how he died. Thought you said there was blunt-force trauma? There was, but that's not what killed him. You'll never guess. He drowned. Or maybe you will. How did you -- the question is now, what kind of water did he drown in -- fresh or salty? Try soapy. Now, that I would never have guessed. Hut! [ players grunting ] [ Whistle blowing ] You know who that is? (Carlos) Everybody knows who that is. That's Bobby Bowden. I'm gonna introduce myself. You think Bobby Bowden wants to meet you? I doubt it, but I want to meet him. But... And, by gosh, we've had a lot of great players at Florida state from Belle Mar and also from Palm Grove. Right. There's as much speed out here as anywhere in the country. Excuse me. Hi. Hey. How you doing? I'm Jim Longworth. Jim, how you doing, boy? Look, I'm not from around here, but I'm a huge fan. Well, that's good. It's good to see you. If you'll excuse me, I've got to go. Yeah, anyway, I was just wondering, could you, uh... Maybe just, you know... Say it for me once? Say what? You know. "Dadgumit." No. Dadgumit. You finished processing Curtis' motel room? Define "finished." There's too many fingerprints to count and enough bodily fluids to shut down the CDC, but no blood. And no missing ring. I'll send someone to the cane fields to look for it. And, by "someone," I do mean Daniel. What about the bathtub? Too small for a 260-pound man. Someone could have held his head underwater, but housekeeping said the stopper in the bath had been broken for months. Daniel, I'm gonna need you to pull the records on Curtis'...Motel phone, home phone, cellphone. Saxophone, Dictaphone, xylophone. What? I'm sorry, Dr. Sanchez. Were you talking to me? You're not gonna find the killer looking over there, Daniel. Hmm? These players are amazing. Muck City has sent 48 players to the NFL -- more than anywhere else in the country. Anquan Boldin, Santonio Holmes, Edgerrin James. DeAndre Matthews. Find that film crew. See if there's any "B" roll on the victim from last week. (Rita) Listen to me. (Coach Ward) I am listening. Why didn't you tell me? I didn't know. Trust me. Don't worry. Okay? Hey, coach. Looked like you were getting an earful back there. What was that about? Ever since that damn "Blind Side," all the players' mothers think they're Leigh Anne Tuohy. Gonna tell me how to play the game. Yeah? Whose mother was that? DeAndre Matthews' mom, Rita. Well, I'm not gonna tell you how to do anything. I just want to ask you something. Okay. What channel you with? Oh, FDLE. You know this guy? Yeah. Saw him on the news. It's the guy they found in the sugarcane field. Last week, was he hanging around practice? Man, when I'm coaching, my head's in the game. I don't have time to be messing around, looking at who's in the stands. This isn't just a game. It's a religion. There's Curtis, in the background. Sitting with DeAndre Matthews. What's a murdered real-estate developer from Texas want with a Palm Grove football phenom? Play that bit again. [ Rewinding ] Maybe Curtis is a booster, recruiting for a college team. [ Young woman speaking indistinctly on monitor ] What do you think? Shh! What, "shh"? You can't hear them. I'm listening to their body language. They're both extremely... Tense. They both have something to hide. I want a copy of this footage. [ Knock on door ] Hey, Chicago. Hey. How's the cottontail? Delicious. Figure out who killed that man yet? I'm working on it. Got any tips? Yeah. Try this. It's for good luck. Thanks. [ Laughter, indistinct conversations ] [ Indistinct conversations continue ] Afternoon, ladies. Oh, afternoon! Afternoon. Afternoon. Can you tell me where Rita Matthews is? You found her. That's where she stays. What do you want with her? I wanted to ask her some questions about her son, DeAndre, mainly. That young man is quick-fast. [ chuckles ] Got the best hands of anyone here in Pahokee. Was voted Mr. Football three years in a row ever since he been here. How many rabbits does that translate into? [ Laughter ] Rabbits. Them recruiters always want to know about them rabbits, don't they? How many recruiters DeAndre been talking to? Oh, Florida State, Oklahoma, Austin. Austin, huh? Vivian, don't be telling all of DeAndre's business. You from Big Ten country? I like Michigan for DeAndre. He'd be better off at Ohio state. Oh, no. No, no, no, Vivian. DeAndre needs to go off somewhere where the offense is fast-passing and heavy-passing and high-scoring. Yeah. Only way he gonna get them stats for the NFL. Everything that you want to know about DeAndre, you'll find out on Friday at the big game. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah, 'cause coach Ward is gonna take them King Snakes straight to the promised land. Sometimes you need to take matters into your own hands. That's why I've been praying on it. She been making everybody in the salon pray on it, too. Uh, dear lord, don't make those nasty... Mm-hmm. ...No-good... Mm-hmm. ...Do-nothing Panthers win. Amen. Amen! [ laughter ] Amen. What salon is that? Mine -- Minnie's House of Beauty, right there on Lake Avenue. What can you tell me about Rita and Coach Ward? Who told you about them? Vivian. Nothing to tell. What school you say you from? He didn't. Oh, I'm investigating a murder. You know, the guy in the sugarcane Fields? Hand me that bowl. [ Gunshot ] [ Bird screeches ] [ Gunshots ] That was awesome! I want to try. All right, now, remember what I told you? Yeah, goggles and glasses. Okay, barrel always down and away. This is the safety. Safety always remains on. Finger remains outside the trigger guard till you're ready to shoot, all right? All right. Have a feel. Whoa. It's heavy. Have you ever shot anyone before? I try not to. I've been shot. Where? Chicago. Oh, you mean where where. Yeah. Oh. On my ass. Your mom's seen it. At the hospital, when she was treating me. Yeah. So... The guy who shot you -- was he a bad guy? Not so much a bad guy. He's a guy having a really bad day. All right, ears on. All right, knees bent, shoulders back, eyes open. Now slowly squeeze the trigger. [ Chuckles ] Whoa. So to speak. I hit it! Yeah. You did. [ Laughs ] Beginner's luck. Ears back on. Let's go again. Tell me something, Dr. Sanchez. Do you think I'm stupid? What makes you think the FDLE should pay for your wife's transportation home from an Esther Feldman's Bat Mitzvah? I was called to a crime scene, and I couldn't drive her home. I hired a car. You hired a limo. Town Car wouldn't do? You don't know my wife. Really? Yeah. Fox Sports sent that footage over. Was Curtis missing a wedding ring? No. A half-inch band, size 12. Sent Daniel into the Fields to look for it. Why? Curtis was married. Called a ranger buddy of mine in Texas to facilitate a death notification for his wife. He can't locate her. But he promised to send us copies of anything he digs up on Curtis and his missing wife. Well, hope he gets more than I can. I'm shut out. Oh, I'm not surprised. Muck city doesn't take kindly to strangers. Oh, maybe I'll do a little muckraking on Coach Ward. Careful -- daring's what I'm thinking of. A bold move is the only way to move forward in this investigation. The game is a big deal. So is murder. So is making it out. The people of Pahokee have managed to make a way out of no way, and they're proud of it, and they should be. And we aren't going to do anything to ruin it for them. I'm not saying, "don't investigate." I'm just saying, "don't cause a disruption." (Coach Ward) Off the break. Off the break, get down there! Sorry. Just doing my job. Sorry, kid. (DeAndre) What? Come on, now. Come on. Hold up. What's going on? Hold up! Hey, what's going on?! [ Indistinct talking ] Get these off of me. I didn't do nothing! Thank you. Sorry about the drama. Wanted to talk to you. Couldn't do it on the 50-yard line. When'd you last see your father, DeAndre? It's just me and my moms. I don't have a father. Everybody's got a father. Seems like every time I look in the mirror, I notice one more thing that reminds me of my dad. Way he stands, way he frowns even when he's smiling. It's really starting to piss me off. Apple doesn't fall far. That man is not my father. I don't know what you're talking about. Three years ago, a woman named Rita Taylor, she filed this -- protection from abuse -- against her husband, Curtis. Two weeks later, she, uh, showed up in Pahokee with her son. Only this time, they were using her maiden name -- Matthews. How'd he find you? Saw me in a Youtube video, playing in our last game. You weren't happy that he tracked you down. I don't care what he does. I need to get back to practice. So the ring was a peace offering. He wanted to take you and your mother back to Texas. No, over my dead body! Supposed to be Mr. upstanding businessman, Mr. great Austin University defensive end, supposed to be someone I look up to! Meanwhile, he's beating the hell out of her, and I didn't do nothing! You wanted to kill him. Hell, yeah, I wanted to kill him! But I didn't. Look, I didn't do it. How'd you get those bruises on your neck? What, you went after Curtis, he fought back? I got these in practice. [ Cellphone beeps ] You're off the hook, DeAndre. Someone confessed to the murder. Your mom. "Curtis started beating me the year DeAndre was born. "When I found out he was in Pahokee, I couldn't stop thinking about the hell he put us through well, this tells me why. I want to know how. You already know how. The confession has to be in your own words. I smashed him in the head with a tire iron from my car. Seeing him made me so angry. I couldn't control myself. So it was his fault? He just made you so mad, you had to kill him. How'd you get the body out into the field? In my car. You moved a 260-pound man from his motel room into the trunk of his car. Yeah. No, I -- what'd you do with the ring? Curtis wore a ring on his right hand. A championship ring from Austin University. He was so proud of that. I threw it in Lake Okeechobee. Are you seeing coach Ward? I only ask 'cause you two looked pretty familiar on the field the other day. He's my son's coach. He's a good and decent man. Good and decent enough to help you with a dead body? No, I did it all by myself! Okay, Ms. Matthews, I think I have everything I need. You're free to go. That's it? That's it. Unless you want to confess to something else. Mom, what are you doing? You need to call a lawyer. Sure. She can call a lawyer if she likes. She's not under arrest. She didn't kill Curtis. Your mom is a terrible liar -- worst I've ever seen. But her instinct to protect her child is impressive... And troublesome. Makes me think you do actually have something to do with this murder after all. And this time, I really do have to arrest you. No! Wait! Please! Please! [ Bell dings ] Afternoon, ladies. Nice security system. That's the alarm system. That's for security. (Vivian) We got nothing to say to you. Should take my friend over there and go upside your head. Careful, or he'll have you arrested like he did DeAndre. Mm-hmm. Okay, then. I'll take a trim. You want DeAndre back in the game, out of custody, you're gonna have to help me understand a few things. You want me to cut your hair... And do your job, too? Well, I'm doing my job. In fact, where were you three ladies the night Curtis Taylor was killed? Here. I did Vivian's hair, and then we all went to football practice. And your husbands? [ Scoffs ] Please. What husbands? Oh, I read you. Yeah, marriage is hard. Well, so I've been told. 'Course, you never know when you're gonna meet the right person. Just when you do... Timing kind of sucks. You find one, you put a ring on it. She already has one. She's married. Does her husband know how you feel? I doubt it. He's in prison. So what you waiting for? Man gets himself locked up, she doesn't owe him. Could be she's scared to live her own life. Probably doesn't know exactly what she wants to do. You know, sometimes it's better when somebody better starts stepping up and stepping in. You need to start stepping up. Is that what happened with Rita and Coach Ward? He stepped up? Rita confessed to the murder. He's messing with us. No, I took her confession myself. I mean, I'm pretty sure she wasn't alone in it, but, you know, if she wants to go down for it, I'll let her. Unless someone tells me if someone else might have been involved, or -- oh, really? Yeah. We're...Done? O-okay. Uh... Looks kind of uneven, don't you think? At the -- right. There you go. Have a nice day. [ Bell dings ] Well, if it isn't the rabbit prince. Declan, I got to ask, man, what's with the bike? You arrested DeAndre. Give me my rabbit's foot back. [ Wheels clicking ] We get a lot of abused women here. How do you love someone who treats you like that? I know. It makes no sense. But it's just sometimes not that easy. Okay, well, tell me. How do you wake a woman like that up? Everyone's different. Different factors are involved. So, can't choose who you fall in love with? That kind of thing? I mean, you'd never stay with someone who hit you, right? If any man ever abused me, he'd be one of your cold cases. So, for some women, murder's the only way out. Well, at least they think so. But that only applies to women who lost their support system or never had one to begin with. Everyone needs a support system, especially with kids. No one can make you leave, but if you don't have anyone to help you get out, then you could stay in a bad relationship forever. Support system, huh? So, Jeff have a good time shooting unarmed, innocent milk jugs? He did. Thanks for asking me. He any good at it? Yeah, he's a natural. [ Sarcastically ] Great. [ Both chuckle ] Anyway, I should, um... Yeah, I should get back at it. Thanks for the...Abuse. Yeah, no problem. (Manus) Hey, you arrested their star player. So they t-peed your car. I told you not to mess with the big game in Muck City. (Jim) Pahokee's revenge. Mm-hmm. Game's tomorrow. When are you going to release DeAndre? I'm raking the muck. Muckraking's my new calling. Speaking of which, I got some more dirt from my friend in Texas. Look, either charge DeAndre or kick him. I will... Just not yet. Really? What about Saturday night for a round? Of course, it's shabbat. How could I forget? Yeah, Sunday afternoon it is. And I'll see about those tee times. All right, Feldman. Talk soon. Bye-bye. I can get us tee times anytime we want. This isn't about you, all right? You and I can play anytime. Yeah. Busy solving a murder anyway. Any luck investigating those ligature marks? Not yet. All right, any luck finding the ring? No, I was gonna try pawnshops. No, it's too personal an item to sell. Whoever took it must have known how much it meant to Curtis. Whoever took it was probably the killer. I understand why DeAndre and his mother would want to kill Curtis, but why now? Why not three years ago when the coward was still using her as a punching bag? Curtis was gonna take DeAndre back to Texas. How? Asking for another chance. If that didn't work, the law was on his side. Curtis filed papers with the Texas court. He was gonna take action against Rita for kidnapping. Why bother trying to bribe him with his A.U. ring? Like most abusers, he was delusional. Wanted DeAndre to come willingly. Yeah, but DeAndre said no. And Rita sure as hell wasn't gonna help Curtis. I mean, who would he turn to? Who's gonna help him? If only we had DeAndre's phone. Oh, wait! We do. [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Whistle blowing ] "'Sup, baby?" Mnh-mnh. "Baby girl?" Mm, mnh-mnh. "Bo." No. "Hey, girl." "Hey, girl"? Mm. "Hey, girl." "Cops planning to check lockers." [ Cellphone beeps ] Oh, uh... I'll be right back. I believe you have a ring for me. I'm not talking to you. Hey, if I killed someone, I wouldn't talk to me, either. You're not gonna trick me into saying something. I'm waiting for my lawyer. Okay. Let's wait. [ sighs ] But before your lawyer comes, Crystal, you should know, you're in a world of trouble. Curtis was wearing this ring the day he died. Only way you could've got it is if the killer gave it to you. Then you're an accessory. Or you took it off the body yourself. Then you're the killer. Either way -- whew! -- Not looking good for you. I was at practice, and then I was with DeAndre. I wouldn't link my alibi to a guy who's already sitting in jail. I didn't kill Mr. Taylor. He gave me the ring to give to DeAndre. He wanted me to convince DeAndre to move back to Texas with him. Said he'd make sure that DeAndre got to play football at A.U. You didn't want DeAndre to move back to Texas with his dad. That's why you killed Curtis. No. Yeah, it makes perfect sense. Colleges were recruiting DeAndre. He's got a shot at the NFL. That's your meal ticket out of here, right? I only want what's best for him. And for you. He goes back to Texas with his dad, it's all over. You're wrong. DeAndre loves me. And besides, he doesn't need his daddy to go to A.U. If he really wanted to go, he'd ask Coach Ward, just like he does with everything. Coach Ward is the one that helped him get away from Texas and come here in the first place. Excuse me. Can I leave? No, you can't. Thank you very much. Curtis Taylor wasn't the only person that played at Austin University. You checked with their Department of Athletics? Guess who else was listed on exactly the same squad. Coach Ward. He conveniently forgot to mention that earlier. Yeah. [ knock on door ] We're in the middle of a strategy session. We lost one of our best players, as you know. Rabbit stew. We make it every year before the game. Well, you'll be happy to know DeAndre Matthews has been unarrested. Oh, you hear that, guys? DeAndre can play. That's great news. What's not so great is you lying about not knowing Curtis Taylor. Hey, fellas, uh, give us a minute here. All right, let's go outside. A.U. football, 1993. Same team, same year. Different experience. Curtis was a star. Your ass was warming the bench. Should've tried out for the cheerleading team with Rita. You might have had a chance. I played. In practice, maybe. What, two games? No wonder you don't wear your ring. You didn't earn it the way Curtis did. I may not have played as good as Curtis, but I know the game better than anyone. And look who's winning now. Yeah, but not back then. Two months after graduation, Rita's Curtis' wife. We pulled Curtis' phone records from four years ago. You called his house at least, what, twice a month? Yeah, but not to talk to Curtis. You rang to talk to Rita. You knew he was no good for her. You were hoping one day she'd dump the loser husband. You were trying to get her out of a bad marriage. You came a father figure to her son. You were trying to steal another man's family away from them. [ Clears throat ] Not that there's anything wrong with that. We have a warrant to search your premises. What? [ Police radio chatter ] (Jim) After you. Detectives. How you doing, man? What? Let's go. Why does the coach have an O.K. Sugar employee parking pass on his windshield? Ooh. Haul a lot of dead weight with that. I don't know about Chicago, but in this part of the world, you need a winch to haul all sorts of stuff out of the muck. Or bury it. Hey! What you doing to my truck? What are you doing to that trash? I'm helping the coach out. Well, you're not helping him out inside. That job looks like something for the assistant to the assistant of the assistant coaches. Just don't touch my truck. No problem. Small problem. Our warrant doesn't cover his truck, only evidence recovered inside of the residence. Oh, yeah? [ Sighs ] Good enough for me. (Carlos) The ligature marking on Curtis' neck matched the patterns on the winch. Daniel looked at ropes and chains, not cables. Hmm. Can't wait to tell him. If Curtis' body was in the back of Ron's truck, his DNA's gonna be all over it. If? I found skin and blood on the winch and in the flatbed. Also on the skin were traces of lye. Just like on the body. That's weird. It's not weird. It's evidence. It's hard to believe Ron would be so desperate to be part of the team that he'd kill someone. Not if Coach Ward put him up to it. Some people will do anything to get ahead. What? Esther Feldman's Bat Mitzvah. Yeah? Esther Feldman, as in daughter to Ben Feldman. Judge Ben Feldman. Oh, yeah, that's right. Ben is a judge. Judge Ben Feldman. He's on the FDLE advancement committee. Is he? Hmm. I didn't know that. You're Chief Medical Examiner. What's next? President of death? Keeper of corpses? What? You can't be promoted anymore. I like meeting new people. No, you don't. You're like me. No, I'm not. And that's why you're alone. It's Marisol, isn't it? You're networking to please your wife. That's what happens when the Coast Guard rescues you with just your clothes on your back. You want crazy things, like success. And all off the back of little Esther Feldman. You ought to be ashamed of yourself, using a 12-year-old kid to win points with a woman. Back at you, big daddy. For the record? Mm-hmm. Jeff turned 13 today. Really? Mm-hmm. And, yeah, I would do anything for him, even kill if I had to, but I got no reason to kill Curtis Taylor. But Coach Ward does. Hey, that's a good man you're talking about. So I keep hearing. You know what Coach Ward said about you. Night of the murder, you left practice early. Where'd you go? Had some personal business to attend to. Personal business, Ron? Sounds like a bit of an oxymoron. [ Sighs ] She told me not to tell. My ex-wife. We were having sex. Really? Yeah, surprised me, too. So, sex with the ex isn't a regular occurrence. No. She came on to me over at the practice field. Damn good-looking, too. She had her hair done and everything. I mean, I wasn't gonna pass up a chance to hit that again. So you see why I can't tell you who it is, don't you? Oh, being a gentleman, you wouldn't want to besmirch a lady's reputation in case you wanted to hit that again -- I get it. [ Chuckles ] [ Bell dings ] We're closed. This'll only take a minute. Hey, no, the game's about to start. And DeAndre's playing tonight. Ooh! Thank the lord. We gonna kick some ass tonight. [ Telephone ringing ] Found out from a clerk that Curtis had filed papers to bring DeAndre back to Texas. Well, you couldn't let that happen. Come on, I don't want to miss the kickoff. If we got to go, you got to go. I didn't think a woman was strong enough to kill Curtis, but three women? I did not see that. You guys are Rita's support network. You each bring something different to the party. Crystal's your granddaughter, right? You keep Crystal out of this. It's okay, Remelle. Don't let him get to you. You told Curtis that Crystal wanted to talk to him about DeAndre, so he came here. Probably sat in this chair... Where you whacked him over the head with your little friend here. Then... You wheeled him over to the sink, where you drowned him in soapy water, with traces of lye. "C.J.'s hair relaxer." Main ingredient [Chuckles] Lye. But you needed a way to move the body, which is why Vivian's been having sex with her ex-husband, Ron, 'cause you needed his truck with a winch. Don't worry. He's been a complete gentleman. Left your name out of it till the end. But he did tell you when the next controlled burn was scheduled. Only...You guys didn't plan on the wind changing. You can't prove any of this. Do all your customers bleed so much? [ Bell dings ] Whoop-whoop. [ Train whistle blows ] [ Indistinct shouting ] Going to the game? Can't. Late for a party. Declan, you do know that's a girl's bike, right? What can I say? Ladies love the rabbit prince. You knew who that dead body was, didn't you? Yeah, he bought one of my rabbits, asked if I knew DeAndre. He even gave me his card. Why didn't you tell me? I didn't want DeAndre to get in trouble. Besides, I knew you'd figure it out. You the Five-O, man. Didn't even need it. No way. No way! It's an Xbox 360! Oh, my gosh, mom! Thank you so much. Yeah, yeah, that's, um, not from me, kiddo. Who's it from? I have no idea. [ Knock on door ] Excuse me. (Jim) Ah. I see I came at the right time. That was too expensive. Well, I can't justify buying it for myself. This way, I get to come over here and play it. Uh, can I call you later? 'Cause we're kind of in the middle of something. Jeff didn't tell you? Tell me...? He invited me to his party. He said you're okay with it. But you know what? If it's a problem... No, I mean, his grandma's here. Ah. Oh, my gosh. Dude, thank you so much. I take it you like it, huh? Oh, my gosh. It's awesome. Drinks are in the kitchen, so I'll go set up a game. All right? I'm sorry to interrupt, but, uh, your daddy's on the phone. And he'd like to wish you a Happy Birthday. All right, great. But why don't you take it in the other room? That way, y'all will have more privacy. Okay, um, you set the game up. I'm player number one. Oh, hey, Jeff, you know what? Uh, next time, man. I just came by to say Happy Birthday. You know. Yeah, see? Office never sleeps. Okay, well, thank you. All right. Happy Birthday. Thanks. Thanks. (Callie) Hey, Ray. Oh, yeah, birthday boy's right here. -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 