Coach: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s2e1 - I Don't Know Much About Art, But I Know What Makes Me Mad - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 2, Episode 1 - I Don't Know Much About Art, But I Know What Makes Me Mad - full transcript 
 When Hayden turns down an opportunity to attend an art exhibit with Christine, she takes Luther instead. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. Hey, Luth, how's it going? So, so. What are you doing? I'm charting my bio-rhythms. You know anything about these? Well, I know it's important, especially at my age. That's why I make it a point to eat a bowl of prunes every morning. No, see, Luth, the basic theory is we've got these three cycles going on inside of us. There's the physical, emotional and intellectual. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Most of the time, they're all at different levels. But when they're all up at the same time, like here, that's when I'm at my physical, emotional and intellectual peak. This day right here was the day I did the 400 push-ups, had unusually high self-esteem and nailed that C- in Spanish. I did one for you. Want to see it? Yeah. That's me? For a whole calendar year. I don't seem to move around as much as you do. I know. Of course, you are kind of down most of the time. I thought I hid that. There is one little bump over here at the end of the year. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, yeah. Well, I always did love Christmas. Hayden? Oh, good you're still here. Yeah, yeah. Daub here has been telling me about this thing called bio-rhythms. You ever heard of those? Mmm-hmm. Boy, I'll tell you, I think he's really on to something. He thinks if we chart the bio-rhythms of the whole team, then we'd know who's up and who's down and who to play. And maybe it could really help us win. What do you think? I think it's bunk. Okay, I'll see you later. Oh, hi, Kelly. Hey, there. Hey, Kelly. Good afternoon, Coach Fox. Yeah. Dad, would it be okay if we used the photocopy machine to run off some flyers? Flyers, what kind of flyers? This isn't going to be one of those deals where you're pestering people about clean air, is it? No, Dad. I've been given the opportunity to perform a one-man mime show tomorrow night at the Little Theater, and we were hoping to advertise it around campus. Chow Chow the Mime? No, Dad, it's pronounced Shoo Shoo. It's Stuart's mime name. It means, "Little Cabbage." Anyway, the show's tomorrow night if any of you want to come. Well, you know, we'd really love to, Kelly, but we... We got the game tomorrow. (STAMMERING) Game. We got the game and... Of course tomorrow after that we'll just probably Shoo Shoo on home. Well, I'm very disappointed, but I'll get over it. Little Cabbage, huh? I'd like to make a little coleslaw. I thought that was kind of neat. Well, I'm sorry to say I have to go. Oh, hi, Dauber. I'm not really sad, Christine. This is just my mime face. What's he talking about? He doesn't know. Here, give me a kiss. Yeah. Did you have your heart set on doing anything special tonight? Well, just, you know, one thing particularly, I... (CHUCKLING) I meant before that. I was just wondering... Now, I know you're not going to like this, but if on the way to dinner we could just very briefly pop into the Langston Art Gallery. It will only take, like, two seconds. Well, you know, honey, I'm not a real big fan of stuff like that. But tell you what, if it's just for a couple of seconds, and you really want to, sure I'll go. Well, obviously it will take a little longer than two seconds. I was thinking more like an hour. An hour? Oh, Christine, there goes my whole weekend! Look, I don't ask you to do this kind of thing very often. They're having a show of an artist I love. I want you to go. 1 go to your football games all the time. Well, people like football. Well, I like art. Christine, I mean, gee, it's Friday night, I was in a great mood. I was looking forward to dinner. Hey, I'll tell you what, maybe you can get somebody else to go with you, you know? That's okay with me. I'll just drive around the block and I'll go get a corn dog or something. Fine, Hayden. I thought you might be willing to think about me for once, but if that's too big a sacrifice for you to make, I'll go by myself. Great. (SOFTLY) I'll go with you if you really want someone to go. What? If you really want someone to go with you, I'll go. You'll go? Well, not if you don't want me to. I just thought I might put a bump in my bio-rhythm. I would love you to go with me, Luther. Do you mind? No, no, go ahead, go, go, go. Okay, why don't you pick me up in about an hour? Sure, you know, hour, hour and a half. I'll just drift around in there sometime, you know. If it'll make you mad, I won't go. Mad? It's not gonna make me mad. If you and Christine want to go to some boring art gallery to look at a bunch of stupid paintings, be my guest. Mad? (CHUCKLING) It's not gonna make me mad. That's good enough for me. Oh. Oh, Luther, Luther, come here and look at this one for me. Oh, yeah, I like that. See how she's used bold strokes through here? It gives the painting a real feeling of power and life. I see. You sure you don't want a cracker? You make them look real good, but no thanks. Boy, I'm gonna tell you, lam really enjoying this. Well, it's nice of you to say that, Luther. No, I mean it. Nobody's ever explained art to me before. So basically what you're saying is everything here has been done on purpose. With your better artists, yes. Well, sure has opened my eyes. All right, now, Christine, just out of curiosity, like, what would a painting like this cost? Well, now, that's an original, so it would be very expensive. But the nice thing is they have prints of these for $25, $30. Really? Mmm-hmm. Excuse me. I'm sorry, we're all out of crackers. No, I just wanted to know if you had a print of this painting. Mmm-hmm. Yes, we do. I'll take one. Fine. You're going to get a print? Luther, that's great. It's for you. For me? I just wanted to thank you for showing me around. Oh, you don't have to do that. I wanted to. I would never come here if it hadn't been for you. That's very sweet of you, thank you. It's all right. Would you like to have some more wine? Oh, no, thank you. In fact, you can have this one. Really? Here. Thanks, you're a pal. Hey, there they are, the two art buffs. Ready to go? Well, it hasn't been quite an hour, but I guess it's close enough. Bet it seems like two hours to you, huh, Luth? For your information, Luther has had a very good time. Yeah? Gee, I don't hear Luther saying that. Actually, I have had a good time. Yeah, I can tell from the cracker crumbs. I'm parked in a yellow zone. You ready to go? No, we have to wait for just one more minute. They're bringing us a print. You bought a painting? Actually, Luther bought it. You bought a painting? It's not for me. I bought it for Christine. Christine? Why did you buy a painting for Christine? It was a thank you for showing him around the gallery. I think Luther was surprised at how much he learned, and he wanted to show his appreciation. That's it. Yeah. well if she took you to the races, would you buy her a horse? What is your problem? I don't have a problem. I just don't like being shown up, that's all. I'm not trying to show you up. This may come as a surprise to you, but some people like having their horizons broadened. Yeah, who? (SCOFFS) All the people who aren't as close-minded as you. Oh, here we go again. Hayden Fox is close-minded. I refuse to listen to this. Here you go. With tax, that will be $26.50. Luther, I appreciate this so much. It's nice to see someone who's open-minded. Hey, Christine, you know if buying a painting is open-minded, you know, I can be as open-minded as the next guy. I can be twice as open-minded. Hey, when you get done here, I'd like to take that big baby right over here. Hayden, don't be silly. I'm not being silly. I'm being open-minded. We're in a hurry. Could you wrap that up? You want Impressions of Jan On a Brittle Winter's Day? I want the big brown one over here, to go. Wait, wait, he is not buying that painting. He has no idea what he's doing. Actually, it's an excellent choice. Don't know what I'm doing, huh? You have no idea what a painting by McLeary costs. Christine, I do not care if it costs $500. I am being open-minded and I'm going to prove it. The only thing you're proving is that you're a child. A child with a checkbook! Well, how come I'm a child and he's not? Because he came in here, he spent 45 minutes with me, looking and learning. And I can't explain this to you anymore. Well, what are you getting in such a lather about? Doggone it, Christine, I really think I've been quite a sport here. You are not being a sport, you're being a jerk. And part of the reason you're a jerk is because you don't even know why you're a jerk. Luther, thank you for the evening. Hayden, goodbye. Where are you going? Home to Minneapolis. What about dinner? Eat it! Whoa! What is she getting so mad about? I mean, all I wanted to do is just buy her a little present. Here you are, sir. With tax, that will be $3,180. Want me to help you carry that to the car? Is there any sign of coach yet? Nope. It's almost game time. If he doesn't get here soon, there won't be time for the pep talk. Don't worry. If he's not here in a few minutes, I'll give the pep talk. You? Yeah. I've given pep talks before. Remember that one I gave before the Colorado game? Yeah, I remember. Bloody Saturday. We didn't lose that badly. Oh, no. That was what we called your pep talk. The team ready? There you are. Where have you been? Oh, I've been home all morning trying to call Christine. She didn't call here, did she? No. Man, I can't believe that she won't even pick up her phone. You know, she's been mad at me before, but I tell you, never like this. And over what? She wanted to go to the art gallery, so I let her go to the art gallery. She didn't want to go alone, so I fixed her up with my best bud. Then, to top it all off, I buy her a really good-sized painting here. Now I'm in the dog house. Jeez. Is that the painting? Huh? Yeah. What did you bring it here for? Well, it costs $3,000. I'm not gonna leave it in the cabin. Somebody could take it. Stupid painting. Wow. That's $3,000? You know, I didn't pay that much to have my whole cabin painted. If you don't like it, why don't you take it back? Because I'm the head football coach, Dauber. I didn't want them to think I didn't know what I was doing. God, what was I doing? I could've put $3,000 down on a bass boat. I mean, I could've invested in something that would last a lifetime. I feel like this is all my fault. Oh, come on. Take it easy, bud. Don't beat yourself up about this. Just go clean out your desk. Just kidding. I'm not mad at you, Luther. I'm mad at art. You know something? I know why Christine's doing this. She's trying to make me squirm. I'll tell you something. Hayden Fox does not squirm. Think I ought to try calling her one more time maybe? Yeah, then you should talk to the team. They're all waiting. If you don't feel like talking to the team, I'll give the pep talk. You mean the Bloody Saturday speech? No, I don't think so. Oh, here we go. It's the answering machine again. "Hi. This is Christine Armstrong. "I can't come to the phone right now." 'Cause I'm too busy sitting on my couch driving Hayden Fox crazy! You know something, Coach? I wouldn't worry about it. I bet you'll go out on the field, you'll look up in the bleachers, she'll be sitting right where she usually is. Everything will be okay. You think so? Sure. I don't know that much about Christine, but I do know she's nuts about you. That, and she's for stricter arms control. Come on, you guys, let's go. We got a game to play. Hey, Coach, Coach, one thing about today. Now, I know you think this is bunk, but I charted Danny's bio-rhythms and he's down physically, so you may hot get much from him today. Yeah, well, I better get something from him or I'm going to chew his butt. I wouldn't yell at him either, 'cause he's down emotionally, too. Dauber, if he's playing lousy and I don't yell at him, don't you think he's going to wonder why? He'll know why. He's up intellectually. ANNOUNCER: Once again, the final score. Minnesota State 35, Kansas 20. Please drive home safely. (ALL CHEERING) (CHEERING) Minnesota State! What's the matter? Stuart, why are you dressed like that? He's not Stuart, Dad. He's Chou Chou now. He can't talk when he's in character. Did Chou Chou go to the game like that? We were passing out flyers for tonight's performance. Dad, how come you're so depressed? We thought you'd be thrilled after today's game. You were supposed to get creamed. I'm having a little personal problem here, Kelly. You know what I mean? Is it you and Christine? Yeah. Did you two have a fight? Yeah. Was it your fault? Yeah. This has really gotten to you, hasn't it? I've never seen you like this before. You're so upset you can't even enjoy winning today. That is great. What do you mean, that's great? Because winning used to be your whole life, Dad. Or at least it was up until Christine. I don't know what you did, but if she has this kind of effect on you, I think I'd do something to fix things. Shut up, Stuart. How come I'm the one that always has to fix things, huh? Well, I'll tell you something, Kelly. If it wasn't for me always apologizing, this relationship wouldn't have a prayer. (PHONE RINGING) (ON ANSWERING MACHINE) Hi. This is Christine Armstrong. I can't come to the phone right now, but leave a message and I'll call you back. Hi. This is Barbara... Barb, hi, hi, I'm here. I just wanted to make sure who it was before I picked up. I was just wondering if you were free tonight. Things are fine with Hayden. Just because I want to spend some time with my best friend for a change doesn't mean there's a problem with Hayden. (DOORBELL RINGING) Just a second. Who is it? HAYDEN: The man you love and adore. I'm sorry, it's nobody. So how about tonight? Oh, great. (POUNDING ON DOOR) HAYDEN: Christine? Barb, look, I'm going to have to call you back. Why don't you pick out a movie or a restaurant or a late mass, I don't care. I just want to have some fun. Thanks. (POUNDING ON DOOR) Hey, Christine? What is it, Hayden? I'm sorry. For what? I don't know. I do know. Open up, let me tell you. I'm sorry I don't like art. Christine! Hey, Christine, I know I'm close. It's in there somewhere. Now just let me come on in and talk to you about it, please. What do you say? Come on. I don't have a lot of time here, Hayden. I am meeting Barbara later. What is that? It's a brittle impression of Jan and she's cold, I don't know. It cost me 3,000 bucks, and it's getting heavy. Forget about the painting. I just wanted to talk about, you know, why you're mad at me. Okay. Why are you mad at me? You really don't know? Well, I know I didn't go to the art gallery with you and I was being close-minded. You said I was being childish, but, hey, I'm like that all the time. Why are you so mad tonight? Because I am fed up, Hayden. We have been going through this since we met, and I have had it. You hate everything I love. No, I don't. You hate art, you hate music, you hate dance, you hate theater, you hate fish. Well, I hate those things. What is it you like about me? My wardrobe, my hair, my nails? Yes, I like all those things. This is just not good enough anymore, Hayden. That was fine in the beginning, but we have known each other for almost three years now. And if we don't have anything more in common after all this time than just physical attraction, I don't know what we're doing together. Christine, you're saying you want to end a two and a half year relationship just because I don't like stupid art! This isn't about art, this is about us! Christine, stop screaming. I mean, people will think we're fighting. We are fighting, you jerk! Hey, that's the second time in two days you called me a jerk! I'm just pointing that out to you, Christine. Oh. Oh, Hayden, let's just face it. We have nothing in common. Yeah, well, I mean, that's okay. I mean, I don't want to break up, do you? No, I don't want to break up. Well, great. There, see, we do have something in common. Now, you add that with your nails, your hair, your wardrobe, hey, that's something, huh? What do you think? I think maybe I hurt your head when I slammed the door. Ah, gee, Christine. Come on, just tell me what you want me to do. I mean, I don't want to fight anymore. Just tell me, and I'll do it. I don't know if you're capable of doing what I want you to do. Well, try me. Give me a shot. (SIGHS) I want you to do for me what I do for you. You want me to clean your bathroom? Hayden. Why do you think 1 go to your football games every Saturday? Do you think it's because I love football? Well, I thought you liked it. It ranks right up there with changing a tire at midnight. But I go, because you love it. And I enjoy seeing you get excited about things you love. And that's why I wanted you to go to the gallery with me. So you want me to get excited for you about the things that you love? Yes. Even though for me, that's like getting my ankle crushed. That's what you want? That is a mature relationship. But is that what you want? Heck, Christine, I can take it if you can. It's not going to be all misery and suffering, Hayden. There's a lot of pleasure in giving. Well, I'm open to pleasure. Oh, boy. Oh, Christine, I don't want to sound like a jerk, but are we okay now? I'm okay. Are you okay? Yeah, yeah, as long as I have you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, God. Oh, man. Now, what are we going to do about that painting? I bought it for you. Yes, I know. But it's too expensive. Well, you know, heck, Christine, we've been together long enough. It's about time I got you something expensive. Besides, you know, if it's something you love, then it would give me great pleasure for you to have it. Thank you, Hayden. Unless it would give you more pleasure to see me have a bass boat. I didn't mean to tell you. You goaded me into it. Hayden is never going to forgive me. Hayden's a big boy. He knows how it is. I'm not saying he's going to be thrilled by it, but what else can he do? HAYDEN: (SHOUTING) Christine! That him? Oh, God! Yeah, right. Well, look, I've got people waiting for me, so I'll see you, okay? You say hi to the big guy for me, okay? Good. Where's Clifton? At dinner. Why? I want to pull his tongue out and tuck it in his pants. Hayden, I know you're upset, and you have every right to be. I don't know how it happened. It just slipped out. I told you it was a secret, Christine. I know you did. I trusted you. Why would you do it? I was trying to defend you. From what? Success? Bob was saying all these terrible things about you, like he always does. You know how he likes to get me going. He was talking about how your whole season was based on luck and not skill, and how you were going to have an even worse season next year, and how you weren't good at recruiting and... I just couldn't stand to hear him berate you like that. He berates me and you destroy me. Where do I come out ahead in that, Christine? I was just trying to explain what the circumstances were. I don't care what the circumstances were. I told you a secret. I expected you to keep it. Hayden, what can I say? 1 did a terrible thing and I know it. I knew it the second I said it. And if I could have taken it back, I would have. But I couldn't. And I'm sorry. I'm sorrier than I've ever been in my life. What I did is going to wreck everything with Bo, isn't it? Oh, yeah. (GROANS) Would it do any good if I called him and explained things to him? What are you going to say? "It's not the coach's fault, don't blame him. "He can't trust the people closest to him"? I don't know what else to say. What I did was unforgivable. Yeah. You think so, too? Well, Hayden, if you can't forgive me, what do we do? I don't know, Christine. Oh, Kelly! Stuart! Christine, what are you doing here? Cooking. What are you doing here? We needed a fish for a one-act play we were doing and Kelly's father graciously lent us his prized rainbow trout with the stipulation that if anything happened to it, he would stuff and mount me. Did something happen to it? Kind of. We sent it down on a chair and somebody sat on it. We tried to glue it back together. Can you tell? It looks okay from here. Great. Then if we hang it back over the fireplace, he'll never notice. Did you and Dad make up? Not yet. My being here is kind of a surprise. I thought I'd try one more time. What are you cooking? Just about everything that's in the refrigerator. I was nervous. The longer I sat, the more nervous I got. And when I get nervous, I cook. I am the same way. How does that look? Fine. He'll never know it was broken. (SIGHING) Now maybe those nightmares will stop. You know, if you and Dad are going to talk, we shouldn't be here. I don't know if we're going to talk. So far, your father hasn't been very responsive. I know what you did was bad, but it sounds to me like you were just trying to be supportive. And I think Dad's a jerk for staying mad at you this long. He acts as if he'd be happier if I just dropped off the face of the earth. Boy, I know how that feels. What's going on? Nothing. Nothing. We just returned your fish. See, looks good, doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Just no need to give that fish another thought. (DOOR CLOSING) Hi. What are you doing here? Making chicken. I don't get it. Well, Hayden, it's been 10 days and I thought I'd try to talk to you. I don't really think there's anything to talk about. Look, I could understand why you didn't feel like talking at first, and I didn't try to press it, but a lot of time has gone by now and... I mean, you are planning on forgiving me someday, right? Sure. I forgive you. But you still don't trust me. Obviously, you can't get past this. I'm going to go. I don't know what more I can do. I made a mistake. I can't correct it. I can only be sorry, but that doesn't seem to be good enough for you. I'm just not ready yet, Christine. Fine. When you get ready, you give me a call. Let's just hope when you do that I'm still ready. The chicken will be ready in 12 minutes! Hey, Coach. Hey, Daub. What you doing? Altering my destiny. Hearing about Danny graduating has kind of inspired me. I found out he's an English major. So from now on, I'm an English major, too. I figured if he can do it in four years, I can do it in four years. Daub, you've been here eight years. And you spent the last two as a Math major. Now, if you go for another four-year degree now, won't that set you back two years? I don't know. Let me see. Eight plus four plus two minus two... What am I trying to figure out here, Coach? Nothing, Daub. Just stick to English. How's it going, guys? Hey, Luth. What are you reading, Daub? The Catcher In The Rye. I thought I was getting a baseball book, but so far it's just about some whiney kid in prep school. I hate those kids. Anything new from Bo? I talked to him this morning. He's not as upset as he was last week. Anything new with you and you-know-who? Christine? Well, I didn't want to come right out and say her name. Are you two going to be talking for awhile? Because if you are, I'm going to go someplace else and study. Dauber, this is my office. (GRUNTING) As we say in English, I'll see you anon. (DOOR CLOSES) So, how are you and you-know-who? Christine. You can say her name. Okay, Christine. There, I said it. You happy? No. Hayden, when are you going to get over this? You've been on the warpath for two weeks now. Slamming doors, barking your head off, yelling at everybody you see. Not that anybody'd notice anything unusual, but I'm closer to you. I pick up on these things. What do you want me to do, Luther? Make up with her. She forgives you all the time. I don't know anybody else who'd do that. She's practically a priest. Hayden, I haven't said anything up till now, but I've got to tell you, I think this is as much your fault as it is hers. How is it my fault? If you didn't want anybody to know, you shouldn't have told anybody. But I didn't tell just anybody, I told Christine. If ll can't trust her, who can I trust? Luther, what's the point of having a relationship with somebody if you can't share a secret with them? I mean, sharing does not come easy for me. In all the time I was married to Beth, I was never able to share. Of course, the courts put an end to that. But the thing is, I changed with Christine. You know, I opened up, and look what happened. But she didn't mean to do it, Hayden. She slipped. People slip. But not Christine! I mean, I thought of her as being perfect, and she's not. She's just like everybody else. And I can't help it. I'm disappointed. Well, I understand that. I know Christine's not perfect. But, boy, Hayden, she's close. Yeah, I know. Closer than you. I know. A lot closer. Luther... All right, but she is. Well, it's your life. I'm not trying to tell you how to live it. But I'll tell you one thing. You can bet Christine's never going to make this mistake again. She is close, Hayden. Real... Closer than you-know-who. Well, I guess I've made my point. She knows I was mad. She knows she was wrong. She's sorry. Attaboy! I knew you couldn't stay mad forever. Well, I like to think I can, but I can't. When are you going to tell her you forgive her? I'm gonna go over there right now. I just hope when I tell her the wonderful news that I'm taking her back, she doesn't throw something at me. What are you talking about? Luther, I've held her over the fire for a couple of weeks. Chances are, she's probably a little fried by now. If she's mad, just tell her you're sorry. Right. I'll tell her I'm sorry. I don't believe this, Luther. It doesn't matter who does what to who. The last chapter is always me saying I'm sorry. I had it. I had her apology and I wouldn't take it. I mean, I had it. The fish was in the boat. The Governor is expected to sign that bill sometime tomorrow. In Duluth today, talks broke down between striking sanitation workers and city officials. Union spokesman George Walton said that he saw no immediate end in sight, and no new talks have been scheduled. That garbage strike is now in its fourth day, and Duluth residents are hopeful that the temperatures remain cool. When we return, Andrea Hart will have a report from Bloomington on anew fleet of city school buses, and Bob Clifton will have all the sports. MAN: And we're clear. Two minutes. BILL: Who's the idiot behind the set? What? Christine! Hi. BILL: Excuse me, Coach, is that you? Yeah. Get the hell off the set! Just give us a second here, Bill, would you? Hayden, what are you doing here? I need to talk to you. In the middle of a broadcast? Yeah, well, I know it's a stupid place to do it, but you know, I just realized what a jerk I've been. I could hardly wait to tell you, Christine. Anyway, this whole thing, I learnt something from it... Well... "To err is human, and to forgive is divine." And you're human and you made an error. And I'm forgiving you, so it makes me divine... I don't know! This isn't coming out right! What I'm trying to say is, lam forgiving you and, well, you're back in my life. What do you say? (GROANS) What did you do that for? How dare you! You think you can come waltzing in here after treating me like I had the bubonic plague for the past two weeks, and then tell me I'm back in your life? (GROANS) Cut that out! What did you expect me to do? Fall into your arms and thank you? What would have been wrong with that? A hug would have been good. MAN: 30 seconds. You put me through hell these past two weeks! I thought I had ruined your team, I thought I'd hurt your career, I was terrified you were never going to forgive me. (SOBBING) I haven't been able to sleep, I can't stop crying. And you expect me to hug you? MAN: Ten seconds. Why didn't you hug me? Is that all you wanted, was a hug? A hug would've been good. I'll hug you if you won't hit me. I won't hit you. MAN: In five, four, three, two... A happy day for local school children as a new fleet of bright, yellow school buses comes to town. Andrea Hart has the report. Are we clear? Yes. Yes. Are we okay? Are you really capable of forgiving me? BILL: I hope so, because we're coming back in about 40 seconds. Yeah, I can forgive you. I mean, God knows you've forgiven me and all those mistakes I've made. I really am sorry, Hayden. So am I. I still feel so bad about Bo. Hey, losing Bo Whitley isn't that bad. Not as bad as losing each other. Besides, can you keep a secret? No! Oh, come on. I want to show you I can trust you. Nothing's definite yet, okay? But I've talked to Bo a few times, and he says that if we're willing to wait until the end of the season there's a chance he may play for Minnesota State. Hayden, that's wonderful! MAN: In 10, Christine. I can't tell you how much better I feel. Yeah, me, too. MAN: Four, three, two... Thank you, Andrea. And with scores and highlights from the world of sports, here's our own Bob Clifton. Bob? Thank you, Christine. Well, sports fans, that on-again, off-again transfer of super-talent Bo Whitley to Minnesota State just might be on again! This reporter has just learned... HAYDEN: Tell me when we're clear! Uh-oh. What? Did you know that one of your arms is longer than the other one? You're kidding. No, no. Your right arm is about a quarter of an inch longer than your left one. Is that a problem? Not for me. It's not my arm. For making the suit. Oh, no problem at all. But if I were you, I'd always carry something heavy in your left hand. I'm kidding. Well, stop it. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Dad? Hey, guys. Come on in. How are you doing? Fine. Are you being measured for a suit? No, I'm getting an artificial leg, Stu. You wouldn't be getting a new suit for the sports banquet, would you? Why? Because we kind of wanted to talk to you about that. We know you're going to win the Curley O'Brien Award, and I know you were counting on Stuart and me being there for it, but we got this chance to go with a bunch of kids to Chicago, Saturday, to see the Royal Shakespeare Company. They're wonderful. For you, it would be... It would be like taking your team to a Fruit Bowl! And we were just thinking that since Christine and Luther and Dauber and all those guys on the team are all going to be there, would it really matter if two theater majors, who don't really know anything about sports to begin with, begged off and instead experienced what would burn brightly as the most memorable night of their lives? Banquet's at 7:30, right? Right. We'll see you there. Uh-huh. Ladies and gentlemen, fellow coaches, alumni, I don't know what to say. This is going to be some party, Coach. Yeah, well, it will if I win the Curley O'Brien Award, boy. ATHLETE: Oh, don't worry, you'll win. Huh? Oh, come on, let's not be too overconfident here. But you're giving a victory party. Hi. Oh, is this all for tonight? I thought it was just going to be a few friends and family. Well, it was, but you know how these things go. I mean, after you win an award like this, there's usually an impromptu dinner afterward. I just thought I'd plan for it. I mean, if I win the award. Hayden, you know you're going to win the award. That's why you're throwing this party. Oh, I wish everybody would quit saying that. The only reason I'm throwing the party, is because I happen to love the spirit of the Curley O'Brien Award and everything it represents. Last year you said it was a "bogus award handed out by a jury of feeble-minded geezers "who wouldn't recognize a coaching achievement "if it bit them on their sagging bottoms." How do you remember those things? (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Hey, Howard. Hi, Christine. Hello, Howard. I'm going to go put these things away, Hayden. All right. There he is. King of the hill. Top of the heap. Man of the hour. All ready for the big night? Well, I'm anxious to honor whoever might happen to win the Curley O'Brien Award. Oh, come on. Everybody knows who's going to win. I know, you know, Curley knows. Is that him? Fresh from the trophy maker. You want to see? Oh, no! No. I don't want to see him before tonight. I mean, it might be bad luck. You don't need luck tonight, you're a shoo-in. Look, who does the award traditionally go to? Either a coach that's had a great success or a terrible illness. Everyone's been healthy, so there's no pity vote. And who's had a better year than you? You were 7-and-4. That is the best coaching record for Minnesota State football since Curley O'Brien himself. (WHISPERING) Okay, I'll take a peek. Yeah. Curley... Do you really think he's mine? I think he winked at you, Hayden. Where are you going to put him? I don't know. I'll probably have something built. Like a shelf? Or a room. Hey, Christine, look who's here. Oh, my. Is that the award? Yeah, that's Curley. Don't touch him. Sorry. I just don't want you to put a curse on it or anything. I've never seen you this anxious about an award before. Christine, this is the highest award the university gives out. Come on, I've been there eight years and all the years I've had to go to that stupid banquet and see somebody else get all that applause. I mean, I want the applause to be for me. And tonight you'll have it. Well, listen, I've got to go back and get Curley buffed before the banquet. See you tonight. Hey, see you tonight. Luther. Dauber. Close your eyes. Huh? Close your eyes. Okay, come on over here. Come on, I got you. Okay. Okay. Turn around, turn around, turn around. All right. You ready? Uh-huh. Okay, open your eyes. Okay, I still can't see. What is that? A little surprise from the coaching staff, except for Mackenzie, who wouldn't kick in. It's a trophy case. We had it made. It's got lights in the top and an electric turntable on the bottom so the award can revolve for eternity. I don't know what to say, you guys. That's beautiful. It ought to be. It's simulated oak veneer. We thought you could put it in your bedroom so the last thing you see at night before you go to sleep and the first thing you see in the morning when you wake up will be Curley. Except, of course, when Christine is over. Excuse me, chicken or beef? Chicken or beef? Chicken or beef? This is table 16, right? NUN: Uh-huh. And you're here with the Fox party? Yes. Okay... Hey. Oh, there they are. Hi, guys. Hey, how you doing? (ALL CHATTERING) Dad. Hi, sweetheart. Hi, everybody. Wow, you look great! A tuxedo, huh? Yeah, I guess it is. Who are the nuns? Oh, hey, everybody, I'd like you to meet a couple of friends of mine. This is Sister Mary Katherine, Sister Mary Grace. Sisters, this is my girlfriend, Christine Armstrong. My assistant coach, Luther Van Dam. (GREETING IN LATIN) My secretary, Mrs. Thorkelson. How do you do? Another one of my assistants, Dauber Dybinski. And, of course, Judy Watkins, our girls' basketball coach. Women's basketball coach. What did I say? You said, "girls." Oh, well, I gave them the gender, I thought that was being generous. And, of course, I guess you met my daughter, Kelly, and her friend, Stuart. Husband. Whatever. The Sisters are my guests tonight. I thought if I were blessed enough to win the award, I thought I'd donate my honorarium to their convent. Well, I don't know if he told you, but he's donating a lot more than his honorarium. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 