Coach: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s1e1 - Kelly and the Professor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 1, Episode 1 - Kelly and the Professor - full transcript 
 Football coach Hayden Fox is having trouble dealing with the fact that his daughter Kelly is dating a professor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. One more question, Coach Fox, before we end "A private look at a public figure." What would you say is the hardest thing about your job? Well, probably the hardest part of being head football coach here at Minnesota State, is what you alluded to earlier, Miss Armstrong. If I want to have a private life, I kinda have to, like, sneak around, you know. I mean, in a town like this, I see how many... I can't even go on the street without someone saying, "Hey, Coach, how you doing?" Or, "Hey, Coach, how's recruiting coming?" 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Or, "Hey, Coach, my son thinks you're the greatest.” Hey, Coach, someone just let the air out of your tires. What? Cut, cut. Dauber! I'm sorry. I didn't know you were busy. I'm doing an interview. How many times have I told you to knock before you come in? Lots. That's all right. I really think we have all we need. Thank you for your time. I know these things are difficult, but you were very candid. Oh, thanks. You're easy to talk to. Oh, thank you. I'll see you guys in the truck in just a second. God, I missed you! Oh, jeez! When can you come down again? Oh, gosh, I don't know. My schedule is so busy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm just going to have to call you. Well, call me tomorrow. I'll call you tonight. Call me from the truck. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. Well, thank you again, Coach Fox. It's always a pleasure to talk to the press, Miss Armstrong. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) I'm on a phone interview here, pal. You want to wait a minute? So, we're looking at east Texas... Hey, Coach, I'm sorry to interrupt, but it's important. Could you hold on a second, please? Yeah. Lewis, how many times have I told the team that I do not have an open door policy? You don't come barging in here like that. Now, what do you want? We're gonna have to run Fred Webb over to see the Doc. He might have a slight concussion. I told you guys, no contact today. We weren't practicing. We were just horsing around, and Fred got hit in the head with a tub of Gatorade. I thought you should know. See ya. Yeah, sorry. Where were we here? Well, you can kiss the next four years goodbye. Okay, it's getting a little hectic around here. Tell you what, can I call you back? Guess where Tommy Jordan just announced he's going to school. Miami. Do you believe it? Best high school quarterback in the country, and he's going to Miami. And you know the only reason he is going is 'cause of the weather. The kid goes down there and sees all that sunshine and beaches. They fix him up with a girl in 3 bikini and pow, he's as good as signed. What do we do? We bring him here to the tundra, and take him ice fishing with a girl in a parka. I'm telling you, Hayden. This is a... (STAMMERING) We're never going to win here. Excuse me, Coach. Mail just came. Yeah, just put it on the desk, will you? It's all divided. Ticket requests. Speaking requests. Questions from alumni, and one marked personal. I didn't open this one 'cause I thought it might be... Personal. Yeah. Oh, I am going to miss you when you graduate, Dybinski. This could be the year, Coach. Well, let's hope so, huh. Hey, it's from Kelly. Your daughter Kelly? No. Gene Kelly. Yeah, she's going to be a freshman at college this year. I told her to write me when she found out where she was going. You ought to have her come here. Doesn't seem possible that Kelly's old enough to go to college. First time I saw her was when Beth brought her to the locker room at half time of that Louisville game. She couldn't have been more than a few weeks old. God, we played lousy that day. DYBINSKI: What's the matter? Dybinski... are you sure you didn't read this letter? No. Why? This is exactly where Kelly wants to come to school. You're kidding. No, she's already been accepted. She just wants to find out how I feel about it before she gets here. And how do you feel about it? I don't know. I mean, I haven't been a father to Kelly since Beth and I split up. That's been 16 years ago. Coach, I doubt if she wants you to be responsible. Well, she wants something from me. Otherwise, why is she coming here? What did she say in the letter? Well, she said some cockamamie thing about us having a great dance and music department. Maybe we do. So do a lot of other schools. I mean, she could go anywhere. She is obviously coming here because I am here. He's right. Otherwise, she could go to Miami. So what are you going to tell her? I don't know. You don't think she would want to live with you, do you? Actually, I think all freshmen girls have to live at "the market". The what? Oh, Shaeffer Hall. They call it "the market" 'cause it's this big tradition every year. All the jocks go down and they check out the... I know why they call it "the market". I don't want to be responsible for this. See, I don't even want to know about this stuff. So, what are you going to tell her? She's my daughter. I've got to tell her the truth. And the truth is... You know, if she's coming here expecting to get an education, that's fine. She's coming here to find a father... You guys, would you excuse me? I'm going to have to make a phone call here. Sure. See, that means that you guys leave. Oh! Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Listen, Hayden, I... I know this isn't going to be an easy conversation for you. I just want you to know that... (CLEARING THROAT) Well, I, ah... I don't know what exactly I want you to know, it's that, ah... I know that, I guess. Thanks, Luther. Hello? Kelly? Oh, Beth. Oh, boy, it's you. Boy, you two sound more alike everyday. No, it's Hayden. Yeah, how are you? Oh? What's wrong? Well, that's why I'm calling. Yeah, I just got it a few minutes ago. Boy, was I surprised. Thrilled, though. Yeah. HAYDEN: So, how do you think the place looks? I thought it looked okay before we spent six hours cleaning it. Well, I just want to make 3 good impression, you know. You're going to make such a good impression, she's going to end up wanting to live here. You just watch and see. No. No. See, that's out of the question. This is going be enough of an adjustment without complicating matters by living together. (CAR HORN HONKING) That her? White Mustang... Oh, that's her. Gosh. You know, I got her that car for her 16th birthday. Guess she must have liked it, huh? Oh, Luther, would you look at her? Look how grown up she is. Hey, you don't need me. I'll just duck out the back way. No, come on. I want you to meet her. Fine, 'cause I just realized there isn't a back way. Well, well, well. Look who's here. Hello, Dad. Hey. Hi, sweetheart. Boy. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, welcome to Minnesota, huh. That's my friend, Luther Van Dam. Hi, Kelly. Actually, we met along time ago at a game in Louisville. You probably don't remember. You were only about 10 weeks old. Oh! No. Don't remember. You two have a lot to talk about, I'll just... Kelly, sure nice meeting you. Hope I'll meet you again real... Sometime. I'll catch you at practice tomorrow, Hayden. Sure. Okay. Hey, thanks, Luther. Yeah, well, I asked Luther to come on over and help me kinda get the place in order. I mean, it's such a mess, with the season starting and everything. Oh, no, it looks fine. I like it. Wow, Kelly. You look wonderful. You must have left some broken hearts back there in Ohio, huh? Just Mom's. Right. Hey, you want something to drink? Uh... No. Thanks, I'm fine. Well, so where you going to be staying? Here, I hope. Here? Yeah! We got plenty of room. Well, actually, I wasn't sure that would be such a good idea. This is going to be enough of an adjustment without complicating matters by us living together. Huh! Yeah, I hadn't thought about that. To tell you the truth, I wasn't all that sure you'd really want me here. Wouldn't want you here? Now wait a minute. Didn't your mom tell you how excited I was about your coming? Yeah. She also told me you sometimes say whatever you think people want to hear. Dad, I just didn't want to come out and mess up your life. Look... I may not have always shown it... but the happiest day of my life, was the day you came into it. And now I'm back. Right. (TELEPHONE RINGING) Oh, oh! Phone. Oh, excuse me. Probably a reporter. Coach here. Christine. Oh, what a surprise. It's Christine. She's a sportscaster in Minneapolis. We're friends. Huh? Well, I was just talking to my daughter Kelly. She just arrived just a little while ago. Ah, four years. Yeah. She's going to be going to school here. Yeah. Oh, really? I would have loved to have done that. Tell you what. It's her first night and everything, though. Can I take a rain check? You know, I mean, if anything changes, let me call you. Really. Okay, yeah. You, too. Bye-bye. Dad, if you want to go out tonight, you should go. No. I don't want to go anywhere. No, I mean, I don't expect you to change your whole life just because I'm here. Hey, changing my life is no big deal. I was not expecting to do anything anyway. Do you and Christine see each other a lot? Well, you know, I mean, whenever schedules permit we kinda... Well, tonight they permit. So, I really think you should go out, and I'll just go back to the dorm. Look, no, wait a minute, Kelly. Hey, hey. I was counting on being with you tonight. No, now you want to be with Christine, and I understand that. It's okay. I'll see you tomorrow. No, come on, Kelly... I'm not going to be an intruder. Well, you're not! Well, I feel like it tonight, so please let me go. I'll call you tomorrow, okay? We'll catch up then. Come on, Kelly, wait! (DOOR SLAMMING) Okay, but tomorrow for sure, huh? Excuse me, could you tell Christine Armstrong that Hayden Fox is downstairs waiting for her? Sure. Knock 'em dead on Saturday, Coach. Who do you play for? Excuse me? Who do you play football for? I don't play football. A big, strong guy like you doesn't play football? No. How come? Too busy running track, I guess. You're a track man? Yeah. What do you run the 100 in? 9.8,9.9. Big, strong guy like you runs the 100 in under 10 seconds? Yeah. Huh. What size thighs do you have? Oh, no, hey, come on. Hi. Hey, hi. Hi, hello. Hi, how are you? I'm fine. I hope I didn't keep you waiting. No, no. I was just having a great conversation with, you know... It doesn't matter. Well, I'm glad you had a change in plans. What are we doing? Well, it's your call. Now, we could go out to dinner, or we could go back to my place and make it. I'd like to go back to your place and make it. Lots of luck, lady. Didn't you like it, or were you just not hungry? No, no, it's very good. Really, I just... l didn't want to get too full. Uh-huh. It's always so attractive when the man you're with picks at his food while you eat yours and his both. It's the pressure... You know, the game coming up. You know how I am this time of year. Do you want to talk about it? Oh, man, I don't want to spoil this evening. I was actually thinking it might save the evening. Right, right. Yeah. Well... I was thinking about my daughter. I thought you said you were thinking about the game. I lied. Jeez. You want to hear the rest of it? This is really personal, isn't it? Yes, yes, of course. Go ahead. Well, I was just wondering what kind of guy lam sometimes, that's all. I mean, see, I could've made Kelly stay this afternoon if I'd wanted to, but I got to tell you, the truth is there's a part of me that wanted to be here with you tonight and not with her. I'm having a hard time telling you that was a terrible thing. Well, it's not terrible, but it's selfish. I mean, my whole life I figured I was doing the right thing by not, you know, being a part of Kelly's life and everything. But tell you, the truth is I just didn't want to take the time. And I don't know why time scares me, but it does. And then I got to thinking, well, then, why did I get into coaching? Because I really like it, or because four years is about all the time I'm able to commit to any one human being? Okay, it's going deep enough. Yeah, but I wasn't talking about you! Can I say something really honest? Yes. If you really have to. Well, I wish I had made Kelly stay this afternoon. Boy, I know that is a lousy thing to say to you, but... Oh, no, Hayden... you don't have to feel sorry for feeling something for your daughter. I'm not jealous. No? No. In fact... Well, how's this for being honest? You know, all those times I've told you I found you really sexy? Stalking the sideline during the game, or off in the den coming up with some brilliant new strategy? (CHUCKLES) Yeah. You're not nearly as sexy as you are right now. Yeah? Yeah. And now I have to leave you. Huh? Well, you have to call your daughter. The wrong person is hearing all of this. Oh, Christine, come on. Wait, huh? Listen, I'll call my daughter, you just clean up the kitchen. Okay, I'll clean up the kitchen. You just sit here and drink some wine. Not tonight, Hayden. Oh, come on. Now wait a minute, Christine. Now wait a second. Wait. See, I don't think you realize how much better you have made me feel. Oh, yeah. I will see you next time I'm in town. What? Yes, I'm taking your car. 1 will leave it parked discreetly by the side street of the hotel. No one will see it. And you can ride your bike in tomorrow. My bike? Yes, it will be good for you. I have a feeling you're going to have a lot of pent up energy to burn. Christine! Call your daughter, Hayden... Don't do this to me. and clean your kitchen. God, I want you. Well, then, take me! Practice just let out, so you can wait here. Thanks. HAYDEN: They call that effort? Well, I didn't see any effort out there! You tell them I want to see "em in the study room in two minutes! No showers! Two minutes! I mean, that is the most pathetic excuse for a practice I've ever seen! Hi. Kelly! I called ahead to find out when practice was over. Just ended. So I heard. Gee, you know, I was trying to get a hold of you earlier. Did your roommate tell you I called you last night? Oh, yeah, yeah. I didn't get back till late. Yeah, well, see, I was thinking maybe we could have lunch or something before classes start, 'cause there won't be much time, you know, tomorrow. Well, I don't think I'm going to be going to classes tomorrow. What do you mean? Well, I... I realized last night when I thought about it... that I wasn't being honest about any of this. Oh, great. That's the one trait you got from me. It's just that... You know, ... I've been trying to tell myself all along that I was coming here to study my dance and my music, and it was just kind of a neat coincidence that you happened to be here, too. That's a lie. I did come here because of you. And... I think I was expecting something from you that I had no right to expect. You mean that I'd be a father and be interested in you, and think more about you than about myself? Yeah, that's a lot to ask. Kelly... Boy... I don't want you to leave. I want you to stay. And I'm not saying that because I think it's what you want to hear, but I'm saying it because it's what I want. Now, I know that's selfish, but that's the kind of guy I am. And I know I don't have any right to ask you this at all... but would you give me another chance? (DOORKNOB RATTLING) Hayden... Hi, Kelly, I didn't know you... The team is... (MUMBLING) Be right there, Luther. Look here, sweetheart. Don't make a decision yet, huh? Come on. Just come on over here, sit down. You know, take a second. Just think about it. I got to do this, but I'll be right back. All right? You guys think you're ready to play football Saturday? You're not ready to play volleyball! If you're not going to practice any harder than that, then let's not practice at all. Hell, I don't need to practice. I know what I'm doing. If you don't have any more pride than you showed out there today, then fine! Let's just go out there on Saturday, and let's just see how humiliated we all can be, huh? Well, you're dismissed! You don't want to be here anyways, so just get the hell out! (DOOR RATTLING) (HAYDEN EXCLAIMING) So, what did you decide? What, that was all for effect? I mean... How does anybody take you seriously, huh? I mean, how am I supposed to? I am serious about wanting you to stay. And I'm serious about wanting to change. I'm not saying I can, but I'm serious about wanting to. Well, if I stay, I stay at the dorm. No daughter of mine is going to stay at "the market". Then I'm not staying. So, stay at the dorm. God, lam just terrible at this. But, I know I can get better. You'll see, huh? A guy can change, Kelly. Even a son of a bitch like me. Hey, Coach... I'm having a hug here, pal. You want to wait a minute? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 