Coach: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s1e6 - Gambling for Meat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 1, Episode 6 - Gambling for Meat - full transcript 
 Luth has predicted the right score of the humiliating loss which leads to his suspension. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. Great speech, Coach. Hey, thanks, Daub. Of course, you think they're all great. Thanks, Coach. What'd you think, Luther? I thought it was a good speech. No, I mean, what do you think about the game? Oh, I don't think there's any way we can win the game. Come on, come on, you got to be positive, Luther. I mean, what are we? 14-point underdogs? 16. As of this morning. All right. Two touchdowns and a field goal. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Come on, that's nothing. Especially when we're playing at home in front of a sold-out crowd. Well, actually it's about two-thirds full. As of this morning. All right, so that's 20,000 people instead of 30,000. And about 10,000 of them are Iowa fans that drove up. All right. Great. Okay. I mean, there's still... We can beat these guys. Come on, they're not super-men, they're not Titans. I mean, they're young kids, just like our kids. Okay, those black and gold jerseys make them look a little bigger, that's just psychology. There is no reason here to be intimidated. (BANGING ON DOOR) Pal, I'm turned around. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where's the visitors' locker room? Iowa's down the hall. But you only got three minutes, you'll never make the game. That's all right. I'm not a starter. Gee, I hope the guys didn't see that. MALE ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, please drive home safely. Once again the final score of today's game was Iowa, 44, Minnesota State, 3. I'll get your coat off. Yeah, all right. I'm really sorry, Coach. Thanks. Here, why don't you sit down over here? Sure. There you go. All right. Can I get you something to drink, Coach? I'm not thirsty, Nick. Just bring him an iced tea. You want me to leave the menu? No, I'm not eating, Nick. Bring him a steak. You want a salad or anything to start? No. I'll fix him a small one. I just can't believe it. It wasn't that bad, Coach. 44 to 37 I mean, I thought we had it inside us to beat those guys today. We did, Coach. It was just, every time it started to come out, they pounded it back in. I think we can take comfort in one thing. I bet you a lot of people would've bet that we'd lose to Iowa by a lot more than 44 to 3. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a winner tonight in our "Guess The Score, Win A Steak Contest.” Correctly predicting today's score of Iowa, 44, and Minnesota State, 3, was Luther Van Dam! (PEOPLE CHEERING) How about that? NICK: Congratulations, Luther. I've never won anything in my life. Talk about lucky. Hi. Hey, Luth. You still mad at me? No, I'm not mad. Yes, you are. You're still mad. I can tell. Luth, I just said I wasn't mad. Yes, you are. If you weren't mad, you'd ask me how my weekend was. How was your weekend? Not so good. I spent the whole time worrying you were still mad. Luther, listen, we had all this out on Saturday night. Yes, I was mad and I had a right to be. You bet against the team. Now, it's one thing to be negative around here, but it's another thing to go public with it. I wasn't trying to be negative. Wait a minute. You don't think predicting that we'd lose 44 to 3 wasn't being negative? I thought we'd lose 44 to nothing. I just threw in the three to be positive. I can't talk about this anymore. Just don't do it again, okay, Luther? Okay. (STAMMERING) You're sure you're not mad? I'm not mad. Come on, it's over with. It's finished. I'm never gonna bring it up again and I don't want you bringing it up again either. Okay, fair enough? Fair enough. I'm positive about one thing. You're still mad. I don't mean to start off Monday morning oh a sour note, but we've got a gigantic scandal brewing. Where's Luther? He's in the team room. Hayden, are you aware that that steak he won Saturday night is a National Collegiate Athletic Association violation? What? It's gambling, Hayden. It was gambling for meat. Meat or money, it was ill-gotten gains. I'm telling you, if this leads to a major investigation, the whole program could be disciplined. And I'm not talking just football. I'm talking basketball, baseball, hockey, water polo, intramural sports... Gee, all the things I really care about. That's not funny, Hayden. I know. Well, how is the NCAA gonna find out anyway? Mr. Lucky has his picture in the paper this morning. Now, we have to show the NCAA that we are taking action, or they'll never get off our tails. lam telling you, Hayden, they're bloodsuckers. Well, what do you want me to do, Howard? I want you to suspend Luther for 30 days. What? Oh, no, Howard, I can't do that. I mean, I just told him that all this stuff was behind us. I mean, you know how he reacts to bad news. I mean, if you wanna punish him, let me break his nose, or cut out his liver, 'cause this is gonna kill him. I'm sorry that this is going to upset him, but it's him or the school. Well, I can't suspend Luther! I mean, why can't we suspend somebody who doesn't actually contribute anything? You know, somebody who's not gonna be missed. Somebody like you, Howie. Are you gonna take care of this or am I gonna do it? No, no, no, I'll do it, I'll do it. I know it won't be easy, but it's better coming from a friend. Morning, Luther. Have a good week. (CLEARING THROAT) I didn't know Howard was here. I was just loading up the game tapes from Saturday. You wanna look at them? In a minute. In a minute. What's the matter? Nothing. Nothing. There's just something I got to tell you. That's all. This is something good or something bad? Well, it depends on how you look at it. Oh, God! Oh, Luther. Come on, I don't want you getting all upset here, now. I don't want you jumping to any conclusions. Just let me explain this to you. Something's happened. Nothing has happened. Something's happened. You wouldn't be talking to me if something hadn't happened. Luther, nothing has happened! Now just get a grip on yourself, and come on now, don't interrupt me, and just let me explain to you in as calm a way as I can what has happened. Something's happened? Look, I was just talking to Howard. Now, as it turns out, your winning that steak at the Touchdown Club Saturday night was an extremely minor NCAA rules violation. Okay? And the reason it was a violation, 'cause you bet against the team and you won something for it. Uh-huh. Now, I'm gonna have to suspend you for 30 days, huh? That's it. That's all there is to it, there's nothing more than that. No big deal. Okay? Now, you and I have been together 20 years, huh, bud? Now look at it this way, I mean, I want you to look at this suspension as something positive, you know, not something discouraging or disappointing. I mean, look at all the things you can do in 30 days, Luther. You can travel, you can read a book, you can do all sorts of things you never done before. (STAMMERING) When does this officially begin? Well. Now. (EXCLAIMS) The sooner we get it started, the sooner it's gonna be over with. Okay. I guess I'll just go on home now. Are you sure you're all right with this? (STAMMERING) Yeah. I'm fine. I... You explained it to me. I'm fine. I mean, it's only a suspension. There's nothing more to it than that. Right. I'll see you in 30 days, right? Okay. Hey, Luth, how you doing? I'm fired! (KNOCKING ON DOOR) What the hell? CHRISTINE: Who is it? It's Luther. Luther, it's 4:00 in the morning. What are you doing here? I saw your light was on. I need to talk to you, Hayden. Can't it wait? Actually, I don't need to talk to you. I wanted to use your typewriter. What is going on? Oh, hi, Christine. I didn't know you were here. She got to spend the night. You know, it was kind of special, Luther. Oh, that's nice. You two go on back to bed. You won't even know I'm here. He's going to type? I don't know. Luther, what are you doing? Typing my résumé. Why? Hayden fired me. I didn't fire you, I suspended you. You know that. I know what you said today, and I've been thinking about it, Hayden. I know what's gonna happen. You'll go 30 days without me and find out you don't need me and I'll be out of a job. Oh, Luther, Hayden isn't going to find out that he doesn't need you. Oh, I know he thinks he isn't gonna find out he doesn't need me. But I know what I do. And I know he doesn't need it. He does too. Hayden, tell Luther you need him. He knows I need him. But he needs to hear it. I need you, Luther. Come on, Luther, you know I need you. Who's gonna run the defense if ll don't have you? Yeah, but where are you gonna find another guy to hold a team to 44 points? Look, I've been at this game longer than either one of you. I know what's gonna happen. I predicted we'd lose the game today and I predicted I'll lose my job. Should I put on some coffee? Okay. No, no, 'cause I'm predicting he's not staying that long. Luther, I don't know how to tell you this. You're not fired. You're not gonna be fired. You're gonna be with me until you die, which could be tonight unless you get out of here. Maybe I should make some breakfast. Hey, can I type while I eat? You don't need to type! The resume's not gonna look very professional written on the back of a program. Am I talking at a frequency he can't hear? You know, Luther, you know what your problem is? You don't think you're a good coach. You think the only reason you got this job is because we're friends. Well, that's where you're wrong, Luther. We're not friends? Yes, of course, we're friends. But that's not why you got the job. You got the job because you know what you're doing. I mean, you must. You certainly don't have it because of your personality. Well, Hayden. I mean, look at him. He's got a terrible attitude. You got no self-confidence. And you're annoying. Hayden! Well, he is annoying. My God, it's 4:00 in the morning. Aren't you annoyed? Well... Well, of course, you're annoyed. She's annoyed. We're both annoyed. You're annoying! God, you got a negative thing going all the time, you're always predicting the team's gonna lose. I don't know who'd wanna be around a man like that unless he were a good coach. And that's all the proof I can give you, Luther. I don't know what else I can say that's gonna make you feel any better. Would you be willing to say all that in a letter of recommendation? (EXCLAIMING) Morning, Coach. Daub. I brought you fresh coffee. (COUGHING) Thanks. How you feeling? Terrible. My back's all twisted up half the night, my neck is stiff from sleeping on this football. Maybe tonight you can sleep at your place again. Oh, no, I can't. Luther's gonna be there. I mean, he's there every night. I can't take any more of this, Dauber. Have you seen the paper yet this morning? Why? I don't wanna make you feel any worse, but there's this kind of weird ad I think you should see. "Job wanted. "Ex-defensive coordinator from large state university in Minnesota "seeks work of any kind. “Call LN.D. at KL5-2884 any time, day or night." You think that could be Luther? I think that there's a good chance it's Luther. These are his initials and that's his phone number, Daub. That's what I was thinking. Ah. Well, I don't understand it. I mean, I just don't believe it. He actually thinks he's not coming back. I mean, what makes a person think that the worst is always gonna happen? I think they call it general anxiety disorder. Huh? Yeah. We've been studying this in my Psychology class. See, chronic negative thinking is actually just a defense mechanism. The subject believes that if they always think that everything is gonna turn out bad, then they'll never be hurt or disappointed. Wow, that's interesting, Daub. What do you do for a person like that? I'll know next week. Dad? Hey, Kelly. Hi, Daub. Hi, look, I'm sorry to bother you so early... Are you all right? You look terrible. Yeah, thanks. See, I was afraid I was hiding it. Did you spend the night here? Yeah, I did. It's a real long story, honey. I don't want to go into it. What do you want? Something with you and Christine? No. Hey, Kelly, don't make me be rude, babe, all right? I've just had a hard couple of days. That's all. What do you need? I just wanted to know what was going on with Luther. You saw the ad, didn't you? No, I saw Luther. How come you fired him? I didn't fire him. Well, he told me you did. See? Now he's telling my daughter I fired him. He's going around telling everybody I fired him. Why would I fire him when it's just so much easier to run him over with a car? Coach, Coach. No, I mean it. I've had it. I'm gonna put a stop to this once and for all! What are you going to do? I don't know. I don't know, but I got to do something. I'm telling you, he is making himself nuts, and he is making me nuts! No, Coach, actually Luther is not making you nuts. You're allowing him to make you nuts by playing the role of the victim. See, you've got to realize that you have the power to protect your own space and your own personal boundaries. You are in control. But not for long, if I have to listen to that cow flop. Okay, where was he when you saw him when he told you all this? At the Touchdown Club. Shari and I went there for coffee this morning. Oh, okay. Maybe he's still there. Yeah, he's still there. He was our waiter. I'm glad to see your dad's no longer suppressing his rage. Yeah. Taking Psych this semester, Daub? Yeah. I was thinking about majoring in it, but it's clear on the other side of campus. Good morning. How you doing, Nick? How about that table right there? Great. Thanks. NICK: Luther. LUTHER: Right. How are you folks this morning? Good, how are you? Well, I'm a little nervous. This is my first day as a waiter. I used to be an assistant football coach, but I got fired Monday. Oh, really? Yeah. 34 years of coaching and now I'm starting my life over again. Gee, we're sorry to hear that. (HESITATING) They just up and fired you, huh? Yeah. They're calling it a suspension, but I know what it really is. It's the Wally Pipp story. The what? Wally Pipp. Wally Pipp played first base for the New York Yankees. He got the flu one day and they brought in Lou Gehrig to replace him. Told Wally he'd be back in the line-up as soon as he got better. Two thousand games later, Lou Gehrig was in the Hall of Fame, Wally Pipp was in Cincinnati. They can call it what they want to call it, but I've been Pipped. What do you want to eat? Why don't we just have coffee? Nobody seems to be very hungry this morning. Just coffee? Yeah. Better go get some more. Hey, Coach. Hey, Nick. Luther around? Yeah. He's in the kitchen. Boy, I feel terrible you had to fire him over that contest. Nick, I didn't fire him. I suspended him. Can I just talk to him for a minute, please? Oh, sure. I'll go get him. Excuse me. Aren't you Hayden Fox? Yeah. Well, I hope when you've been coaching 34 years, somebody cans you. Hi, Hayden. Would you like to try to explain what it is you are doing here? You're mad, aren't you? No, I'm thrilled. I mean, now I can get a good table. You just can't believe that you're coming back, can you? Yeah, I believe it. No, you don't. I mean, if you did, then you'd be fishing, or you'd be home reading that book we talked about. If this is going to make you mad, I'll quit. No, 'cause quitting isn't going to do any good. 'Cause three hours from now, you'll be back here or you'll be working at some car wash. Luther, when are you gonna stop taking every little problem and turning it into a major disaster? 'Cause I gotta tell you, there's gonna be worse stuff than this gonna happen to you in your life. Why? What have you heard? Luther, get in the car. Where are we going? We're gonna go see Howard Burleigh. I'm gonna see about getting you reinstated. Obviously you're not gonna be happy until I do. What about the NCAA? To hell with the NCAA! You sure this is gonna work? 'Cause if you are, I'll just tell Nick I'm quitting. Tell Nick you're quitting. All right. Nick? Yeah, Luther? I'm taking my break. Mrs. Thorkelson, if Howard Burleigh is in his office, tell him to get his butt down here! I want to see him right away! Boy, is Howard going to be surprised to see me. (PHONE BUZZING) Coach here. No, Mrs. Thorkelson, you don't have to use the word "butt." Get Howard down here, will you? What are you gonna say to him? Whatever it takes. I know you. You're the Fox. Boy, I sure did miss this place. You know, they say you can't go home again, but... Oh, Luther, shut up. Right. Mrs. Thorkelson said you wanted to... What's he doing here? I want Luther back and I want him back now. We've been through all this. Howard, it's not working. I can't take it anymore. I mean, you're afraid of a little NCAA investigation? Well, I'm not afraid. Let them investigate. Let them do all the investigating they want to do. They want to take a look at my files. Let them take a look at my files. I got nothing to hide. Now what do you say, Howard? I say this is my decision. Not yours. And I forbid it. Yeah, I'm sorry, I didn't hear that last part. It sounded to me like you said you forbid it. That is what I said. You challenging me, Howard? Are you challenging me? I'm the Head Football Coach, damn it! Well, I'm the Athletic Director! Well, I'm 6'4"! Well, I'm the Athletic Director! Fine. You're the Athletic Director? All right. You coach the team on Saturday. I quit. What? You were a coach, weren't you, Howard? I was the golf coach. You know that. You're bluffing, Hayden. Am [? You hired me to run this program. Now, either I get to decide who's suspended and who's not or I don't want the damn job! Is this working out like you had wanted? Luther, you stay out of this. This doesn't concern you. I'm out of here, Howard. I am history. HOWARD: You're not serious. He's not serious. Oh, I've never been more serious about anything in my life. Are you guys interested in a little lake-front property? 'Cause my cabin is on the market as of today. You're actually gonna quit over a thing like this? Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Now for the last time, do I get Luther back or don't I? There's nothing I can do. Fine. I'll leave my keys with Mrs. Thorkelson. I'm sorry, Luther. I didn't expect that. Well, you're not gonna let him do this, are you? I'm trying to do what is best for the school. If all he can think about is himself, that's his problem. He wasn't thinking about himself, he was thinking about me. Well, he did real well for you. Now you're both out. Wait a minute, Howard. Before you start throwing around words like "both" and "out," could we talk about this? What is there to talk about? Well, this whole thing started because I bet against the team. I was being negative. I get like that sometimes. And, see, that was the whole problem. And then you suspended me. Which was the right thing to do, but then I panicked and that... (STAMMERING) You see, I was negative again. And see, I got all upset, and I got Hayden upset. He got you all upset. Now, you're the only one left who still has a job. Well, I don't know what I can do about that. Well, you can get him back. But he won't come back unless I lift your suspension, and I can't do that. I'm not asking you to. All we have to do is convince Hayden I'm okay with it. But it's not okay with you. Oh, yeah. It's okay with me now. See. Hayden got mad because all the time I was upsetting him and everything, about being negative, but I'm over all that now. I'll never be negative again. I'll never bet against the team again. I'll probably never win another steak, but I'll never bet against the team again. (SIGHING) Well, I guess it's worth a try. And I can tell him that you're okay with the suspension? Hey, he wanted me to go on a vacation. I'm out the door right now. Tell him I'm taking a book. I just hope you're right about this. Hope I'm right? I know I'm right. Howard, you have to think positive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 