Coach: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s2e7 - A Man and a Woman (and Two Theater Majors) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 2, Episode 7 - A Man and a Woman (and Two Theater Majors) - full transcript 
 Hayden and Christine plan a romantic celebration for their 3rd anniversary, but the plans are ruined by Kelly announcing that her marriage is over. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. (MEN CHATTERING) Hey, Fred, what are you doing? Seeing if I'm down to weight for Saturday's game. Are you? No. Hey, wait a minute, hold this. Bingo! Well, thanks. I'll see you guys later. So what's this secret play you wanted to show us, Daub? Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We line up heavy on the right side. So everyone's expecting us to go right. But we don't. We go left. Right. Well, here's the part of the play that I like to think of as revolutionary. We pass to Fred who flies down the field for the touchdown. Wait a minute, Daub, Fred weighs over 300 pounds. He's not going to fly anywhere unless he's strapped to a booster rocket. But once he's got the ball, nobody can pull him down. How do you know? You've never seen Fred run with a ball. No, but I have seen him run with a ham. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Couple of days ago we had this big ham in the cafeteria. All of a sudden Fred grabs the ham and he heads for the door. The team goes after him. It was incredible. Sixty guys trying to haul down Fred and his ham. They couldn't do it, Coach. I was there, Hayden. He's right. He showed no mercy. He must have dragged me 30 feet. So what do you think, Coach? Well, I think you've got a motivational problem, you know, Daub. Fred commandeering a ham is one thing. See, he's motivated. But running for the winning touchdown in front of 40,000 screaming fans doesn't mean as much to Fred as, say, a nice ham. Yeah, you're right. It looked so good on paper. Welcome to coaching, bud. (STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT PLAYING ON STEREO) (DOOR OPENS) Oh, no. No, no, no! Oh! My, oh my! Happy anniversary, Christine. Happy anniversary, Hayden. That's for the first year. That's for the second year. And that's for the third year. And that's for throwing your sock in the fire. You saw? Yeah. I just wanted to be perfect. Hey, you know something, Christine, you are gonna be in for one unforgettable anniversary weekend. The only reason we'll have to leave this cabin is to go to the game tomorrow. And I'm not even sure about that. I think they'd miss you. Yeah? Not half as much as I'd miss you. I'd be right there in the stands. Yeah. You and 40,000 other people. But I'd be the only one there with nothing on under her stadium jacket. (LAUGHS NERVOUSLY) Okay. We'll go to the game. Christine, can we talk like this all the time? This reminds me so much of the night we met. I've got something else that'll remind you of that night. Oh, Hayden! Yeah. It's to make up for that old robe of mine you had to wear that first weekend we spent here. Oh! Oh, it's gorgeous! Yeah. You know something, Christine, when I walked into that charity dinner or whatever that thing was and I saw you standing across the room in that black dress, I don't think I have ever seen anything sexier in my life. Until the next morning when you were standing by my window in my bathrobe. That robe was horrible. It was so thin you could practically see through it. Especially when you were standing by the window. Did I ever tell you that I almost didn't go to that dinner? I remember I was in a terrible mood. I was tired. But it was for charity, and I knew I was gonna be sitting next to the Governor, so I thought I would do the upstanding, moral thing. Little did I know that two hours later I would end up in the backseat of a truck making out with a football coach. To charity. Shall I go put this on? It would be the upstanding, moral thing to do. (HUMMING STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT) (EXCLAIMS) Dad? You said if I ever had a problem I could always come to you. 1 did? Well, here I am. My marriage is over. What? Oh, Dad! Stuart and I had a horrible fight. I walked out on him. (SOBBING) Oh, Daddy, it was awful! We were yelling and screaming. I saw a side of Stuart I'd never seen before. It's okay, sweetheart. Come on. What did you fight about? The theater. Stuart says it's dead and I say it's alive. You're kidding. Dad, the life or death of the theater is a very big issue for us. It's our whole future. Yeah, but it's not something you end a marriage over. I mean, I know what you end a marriage over and believe me, this isn't it. (SCATTING) (EXCLAIMS) Kelly! What a nice surprise. Hayden, isn't this a surprise? Yeah! I'm sure surprised. (STAMMERING) I'll be right back. Did I come at a bad time? It's not a bad time, sweetheart. It's a tricky time. It's just that I have nowhere else to go and I really need you. Oh, well... No, honey. You know, what you need is some open communication with Stuart. In your own home. Just as soon as possible. Dad, how can I communicate with a man who thinks that the very thing we live for is dead? Kelly, does it really matter if the theater is dead? I mean, there's no future in that anyway. Now if you told me that computer programming or nursing were dead... Dad! I can't believe I come here for support and you're trivializing my life! Oh, honey, I'm not trivializing your little life. I'm just trying to get you lovebirds back together again. But how can I go home when it's become painfully obvious that Stuart and I see the world in completely different ways? I mean, we no longer share our raison d'etre. Kelly, you know, there comes a time in every couple's life when you don't share each other's raisins. But, I mean, no problem is ever solved by running away. You do it all the time. Yeah, well, that's how I know it doesn't work. Now listen, if you and Stuart really had a problem, I would put my whole life on hold to help you. I mean it. But I don't think you do, honey. Besides, this is a big weekend for me. So... (SOBBING) What is going on? Kelly and Stuart had a little spat. Why'd you take the robe off? It was more than just a spat. We have discovered we're completely incompatible. Oh, give me a break! Kelly, is there anything I can do to help? No, the only one that can help is stupid Stuart. He's too pigheaded to admit he's wrong. But thank you. At least somebody cares. Hey, I care! No, you don't. You just want to get rid of me. But I care. Did you want to stay here tonight? (SOBBING) Christine, Kelly and Stuart are giving up on their marriage because they can't agree on whether or not the theater's dead! But it's more than just that! He doesn't understand. He couldn't possibly understand. You never understand anything I say. What the hell does that mean? (SOBBING) Oh, great! Well, she's locked herself in the bathroom. This is going to ruin the whole night. Hayden, what is the matter with you? We'll pick up where we left off tomorrow. I knew this was going to happen when they got married. They have a silly little argument and I've got champagne going flat. Why don't you just make us some coffee? I have a feeling it's going to be a long night. Kelly? Coffee? (SNIFFING) Oh, man! (GROANS) Geez! Great. I burned up a good sock for nothing! What do we love to do? ALL: Kill! (SLEEPILY) Who we gonna kill? ALL: The Wildcats! How're we gonna kill "em? Quickly and painfully! Who we gonna kill? Hayden, you already said that. Oh, good, we're done then. God bless you guys. (ALL EXCLAIMING) Hayden, you all right? You seem a little out of it. I'm beat. I mean, I didn't get to sleep till 4:00 this morning. Oh, that's right. You're celebrating the old anniversary, huh? No, I was talking to my insane daughter. She and Stuart had this fight and it ruined the whole night. What were they fighting about? "Is the theater alive or dead?" Which theater? The Crown or the Majestic? Coach, I think I've worked out the kinks in my play. You thought that winning wouldn't be as important to Fred as the ham, right? Well, I've figured out a way for everybody to get what they want. You've got ten seconds, Daub. Okay, we get a ham, we give it to a cheerleader. We put them both in the end zone. That's the motivation! When Fred sees her with that ham, he'll deliver the ball for a touchdown. What do you think, Coach? Should we try it? I'm not making any promises, but have a ham standing by. They're putting the pineapple on now. I'll see you guys out on the field later. Right. Hey, Daub, did you hear about them closing down all the theaters in town? Ready to go? In a second. Dad, I don't know why you dragged me to this game. I'm really not in the mood for football. Actually, sweetheart, you're not here to see the game. You're here to save your marriage. What are you talking about, Hayden? Well, if she won't talk to Stuart in her own apartment, she can talk to him here. Stuart's coming here? You know, Stuart's a lot more sensible than one might think. He knows that the only way to solve a problem is through open communication. What did you do? I didn't have time for negotiation. Park him on the couch, fellas. Thanks, 9. Now you guys go on up there and you tell Luther I said you two get to sit next to the heater. All right, Coach! Yes, Coach! Hayden, you kidnapped him? Listen, lam just trying to get the two of them together. I'm calling the police. No, you're not. You're going to sit here and you're gonna talk to your wife. Now you two want to be together, so you're going to be together. This is barbaric. Dad, you have no right to interfere. I have every right! I couldn't get into my bathroom for six hours last night. Hi, everybody. Sorry to interrupt. You want to kickoff or to receive? We won the toss. Well, I want to receive, Luther. That's what I figured. I just didn't want you to think I was trying to take the team away from you. Oh, by the way, I don't know whether it'll help or not, but I just found out it's the Crown that's closed. The Majestic's just undergoing some renovation. Now, look, I'm gonna try to go up there, and I'm gonna try to win that football game, all right. And then I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna start celebrating this great anniversary weekend I should have started celebrating yesterday. And you, young lady, are gonna be happily married and gone by the time I get there. Do you read me? Good. Let's go, Christine. Somebody order a ham? Yeah, follow me. Great. Her bag's gone. She's gone. We won the game. If I can just stay awake, we can still have that great weekend. Happy anniversary, Christine. This is so awkward. Stuart? What are you doing here? Kelly threw me out! HAYDEN: She threw you out? I put you two together so you could patch things up. What happened? We agreed that the whole subject of the theater being dead was simply too volatile. So we decided never to discuss it again. After all, there are myriad other subjects we enjoy discussing. Hey, fast forward, would you, Stu? Just fast forward! We got a weekend to get to here! Well, we were on our way home chatting about the depletion of the rainforests, happy as a couple of snowy egrets, when we passed the Little Theater and everything erupted all over again! Kelly ran home and locked me out. Which was fine with me because as far as I'm concerned, this marriage is dead! Along with the theater. God, why do acting students have to be so dramatic? Your marriage isn't dead. And even if it was, what the heck are you doing here? I just felt I needed to be with family. Your family is in Wisconsin, aren't they? Well, that's just great. Another door gets slammed in my face. Oh, Stuart, wait! Did he go in the bathroom? Yes. I can't believe this. Okay, first thing tomorrow morning I'm taking that door off and hanging a beaded curtain. I'm beginning to think this weekend just wasn't meant to be. It wasn't meant to be for four people, I'll tell you that! I'm calling Kelly and getting her over here and putting an end to this stupid fight once and for all. Those two aren't mature enough to be dating, let alone mating. Kelly, this is your father. Now, don't hang up. Well, that's my fault. I gave her the idea. Now who are you calling? Calling 9 and 46. You know, the two guys from this morning. I don't know their names. Hi, this is Coach, who's this? Hey, 9, what's happening? Listen, I got another job for you. I don't know what's taking them so long. While we're waiting for Kelly, why don't you put the bathroom door back on? No one's going in that bathroom until this is all settled. (CAR DOOR CLOSES) Is that them? Yeah. That's 9's car. I'd like to know what makes you think you can force us into making up. Nobody is forcing anybody to do anything, Stuart. I can't believe you would do this to your own daughter! I am never speaking to you again! Do you know how many times you've said that to me? Thanks a lot, 9, 46. I want you to know something. From now on, you're number one in my book. Al right! Thanks, Coach! You're despicable! See, you're speaking to me already. Now, why don't you have a seat there on the couch and we'll get started. Now what we've got here is a marriage in the toilet. Unfortunately, it keeps winding up in my toilet so I guess it's gonna be up to me to fix this. I know you two don't think I know what I'm talking about when it comes to marriage. Granted I may not know what makes a marriage work, but I practically invented what doesn't work. And topping the list is not talking to one another because you had some stupid fight. I mean, everybody fights. Every couple fights. Christine and I have known each other for three years. Three years tonight, if anybody here cares. And we fight all the time. But we don't lock each other out of our houses or lock ourselves in the bathroom. Well, we do that sometimes. Yeah, but we always come out. The point is, we don't give up on the relationship just because we don't agree on everything. See? What makes a relationship strong is realizing that the other person is going to be there for you to slog through the times when you don't agree. I mean, look at Christine. Look at the stuff she's had to put up with with me. Talk about slogging. Well, you know how I am. I'm moody, I get mad, I'm obsessive, you know, I can be a little controlling. I don't know anybody that would put up with that. I wouldn't put up with that. But she puts up with it. And I don't know why. But I know how it makes me feel. For the first time in my life I feel safe. I've got someone in this world that knows exactly who I am, and she loves me anyway. And that makes me want to make things safe for her. That's love, you guys. It ain't pretty, but it's something you can count on. Now I don't know if anything I've said here makes any sense to you two, but if it does, then I would like to see some making up starting here, right about now, because my anniversary weekend is turning into an anniversary minute. I want to make things safe for you, Kelly. I want to make things safe for you, too. I'm sorry I threw your tap shoes at you. I'm sorry I called you bourgeois. Sounds like there was blood on the walls, doesn't it? Hayden... What? What? What? What are we doing out here? We're giving them some privacy. We're giving them our privacy. It's just for a few minutes. It's cold out here. Well, we'll get in the car and drive around the lake. I've seen the stupid lake a thousand times. Then we'll get in the car and neck. Okay. Okay. Let's start our romantic weekend. I think we've already had it. Where was 1? I meant what you said in there about us. That was the nicest, most romantic anniversary present you could have given me. It was? Geez, I just said it without even thinking. That's what I liked about it. I wish we were inside. I don't know. I think this is kind of appropriate, actually. The first time I ever kissed you was in this truck. I think it's kind of a nice way to celebrate three years together. I guess you're right. You know, it's funny, Christine, but when we first got together it was nothing but sex, sex, sex and more sex, I thought, "Great. Boy, here's a relationship that's finally gonna work." But I never thought we'd get to all that stuff I was talking about in there. I mean, this whole thing with you is just so much better than I ever imagined. I'm just one lucky guy. You're about to get luckier. Oh, boy, wait for me. Christine! Damn it! My seat's stuck! Every time this weekend starts to get going... Oh, yes, yes! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 