Coach: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s2e2 - Dauber's Got a Girl - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 2, Episode 2 - Dauber's Got a Girl - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. Hayden, you been outside yet this morning? Just got the paper. You notice anything special? No. Can't say 1 did, Luth. You didn't notice the frozen field mouse on your front stoop? This is the third day in a row the temperature's below freezing. You know what they say. Frozen mice means frozen ice. Oh, you mean the lake's frozen? I wouldn't have these with me if it wasn't. Hot dog! We're going skating! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I love the first skate of the season! I'll get my stuff. LUTHER: Okay, I'll see you out there. (SINGING) We're going skating We're going skating Ding dong, the mouse is dead We're gonna hit the ice We're going skating We're going skating (HAYDEN HUMMING) Not frozen yet, huh? Nope. STACEY: All I'm saying, Hayden, is that this is the way that injuries occur. It's too cold to practice outside today. Oh, man, I hate like hell to practice in the gym. Well, you saw the field. It's like an ice rink. Yeah, well, don't let Luther hear that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tell you what. Just go down, tell the guys I'll meet them in the gym. I'll be there in just a minute, all right? You're not coming now? No. I've got a little problem to handle with my scatterbrain daughter. Don't talk to me about daughters. Did I tell you what my daughter did this weekend? No, and there really isn't time right now, Stacey. Right. Hey, if you see Dauber, would you tell him to get these boxes out of here? They've been in here since yesterday, all right? Gotcha. Jeez, it's like a maze getting through here. So, Mrs. Thorkelson called and said you wanted to see me. Close the door, will you? Kelly, what do you do when you get a parking ticket? What do you mean? When you get a parking ticket on campus, what do you do with it? What everybody else does. I donate them to the homecoming committee. See, and then once a year, they make this big float out of them. It's really funny. Whoever donates the most gets to ride as queen. Golly, well, Your Highness, I just got a call this morning from the registrar's office. Do you have any idea how many tickets you have? I don't count them, Dad. Yeah, well, the university does. And right now they're up to 35. You're kidding. I'm going to be queen. Kelly, you know they can suspend you if you don't pay these tickets. What, for parking on campus? Dad, the only reason I get all those tickets is because I go to class all the time. Kelly, these amount to more then $700. That's ridiculous. If I were you, I wouldn't pay it. Well, I'm not going to pay it. You're not? Dad, they can suspend me. You should've thought about that when you were going to all those classes. I can't believe you're not going to help me. Well, Kelly, giving you $700 is not going to help you because you're not going to learn anything from it. You just turn around and you do it again. Dad you're talking to me like I'm some irresponsible kid. Now, look, how about if I borrow the money from you and I'll pay you back when I'm a famous dancer? I got a better idea. What about you get a job and then you can pay me back now? Where am I going to find a job? There's no work for a dancer in Minnesota. Then you can get a job on campus. Now according to the registrar, there's all kinds of job opportunities for convicted felons like yourself. I want you to go see Mrs. Catalan, Room 406. You're serious. Yeah, and I'm really proud of you for doing this. Well, I'm only doing it because you're making me. Well, then I'm proud of me. Hey, Kelly. Would you move these damn boxes, please? What's her problem? Well, forget her. What's your problem? Look, I told you about these supplies, and you haven't done anything about it. Now come on, get going, bud. Right. Sorry, Coach. Yeah. Dauber? Yeah, Coach? Where you going? I was going to get a haircut. What about the supplies? I mean, what's the matter with you? I mean, you act like you're in a fog or something. I do? You still having that exhaust problem with your van? No, I mean it. You've been falling down on the job here, bud. It's been going on for a while now. Come on. Are you sick or something? I'm not sick. I'm in love. With what? With a girl. And it's messing up my mind. I got it bad, Coach. I can't sleep, I can't breathe, I can't eat as much. Come on. That's great, Daub. No, it isn't. She doesn't even know I'm alive. I'm not in her league. She's a goddess. Whoa, a goddess. Who is she? I'd rather not tell you. I don't want everybody to tease me. Come on, nobody's going to tease you. Well, maybe some of the guys on the team. I mean, they're kids. But none of the coaches are going to tease you. Hey, guys, what's going on? Dauber's got a girl. Dauber's got a girl, Dauber's got a girl. Dauber who is she? Come on. I don't want to tell you. You won't like her. Yeah, we will. We'll like her. We like everybody you like. We're not hard on people. Are we Luther? No. Who is it? Hey, wait a minute. Is it a cheerleader? BOTH: Give me a D, give me an A, give me an give me a B. Hey, Dauber! Hey, come on, guys, I really don't want to tell you. Hey, melon head! I got a bone to pick with you. Have you ever heard of knocking, Watkins? You know, it's where you use your knuckles. That's those things that scrape along the ground when you walk? This isn't a social call, Bigfoot. Those players that you call a team have come into my gym to practice while my women are still using it. Let me explain the pecking order around here, Coach Watkins. Top priority is the football team, okay? After that comes men's basketball, hockey, men's gymnastics, baseball, kayaking, men's golf, men's volleyball, men's table tennis, all men's intramural sports. And then anything men want to play, okay? And then after that comes girl's basketball. It's freezing outside and my guys need to practice. Your guys need a lot of practice, but not on my time. Well, if you don't like it then you can go to the administration. Well, I don't need the administration to fight my battles for me. I'm taking you on, Hayden Fox. This is war! Ooh. I am shaking. You're too dumb to know how much trouble you're in. Oh, yeah? Well, you're dumb and tall. Slashed again by the rapier wit of Coach Hayden Fox. Ouch. God, I hate that woman. What the hell does rapier mean? Sharp. Pointed. To the heart. What? Oh, no, Dauber, not her. Oh. That's who you're in love with? Judy Watkins? Paula Bunyan? Jeez, Daub. God! I knew you guys wouldn't like her. HAYDEN: Gentlemen, as a coaching staff, I thought we did a lousy job yesterday. Now when we go back in the gym this afternoon, I want to see some organization. And I don't want to see anybody climbing ropes or shooting hoops or jumping on the trampoline. And I don't want to see any of the players doing it either, you know? Hayden. Hayden, we got a problem. The girls have padlocked the gym. We can't get in. But I sent Dauber down there to clear them out. Look, they left this on the door. "We are women, hear us roar." What the hell does this mean? It's from a Helen Reddy song, Hayden. It means... Oh, Luther, shut up. Damn that woman. God darn that woman. I mean, I explained the whole pecking order to her yesterday. It's like it doesn't mean anything to her. Maybe you should go to administration. I'm not going to go, if she isn't. I'm a bigger man than she is. Not by much I'll tell you that. COACH: You want us to take the team out on the field? Yeah, yeah, I guess so. Go ahead. Let's just hope we can get something done without anybody getting hurt. Wait a minute, now, let's just hold our heads up and try to look sharp out there, all right? I mean, if she wants to play her little girl games, let her go ahead and play them alone. We're the football team, right? We don't play games. Come on, we're men. That's right. We can rise above this. Yeah, let's go, come on, let's go. Hang back a second, will you? We're going to get this little girlie right where she lives. Great, I knew we wouldn't rise above this. What are we going to do? I say we get even, all right? If she can ruin one of our practices, we can ruin one of hers. I say we sneak into the equipment room tonight and we let the air out of the basketballs. We can't do that. She'll see us. She hardly ever leaves the building. We'll find a way to do that. Don't you think this is a great idea? Yeah. I think it's real funny. Funny? Yeah. We're talking rapier wit here, Luth. Coach. Huh? Where the hell have you been? I thought you were going to run those Amazons out of the gym. I tried. I went up to Coach Watkins and I told her you wanted her out of there. She just said, "Forget it." What did you say? I told her she had a nice smile. Oh, jeez, Dauber. She does, Coach, she just lights up. Come on, Hayden. It's not Dauber's fault. You sticking up for him? No. Coach, I know how you feel about Judy and I'm sorry if... It's all right, Daub. It's not your fault. I'm not done yet. While I was helping her padlock the doors, I did something I don't think you're going to like very much. You didn't write the note did you, Daub? No. I asked her out on a date. She said yes. I think I'm about the happiest man alive. Well, you got me beat, I know that. Dauber, I don't know how you could you do this to me? You know, of all the women in this school, why did you have to pick... Wait a minute. When you going on the date? Tonight. Tonight. You're going out tonight? I was going to take her out to dinner. And then, if it goes really well and it seems like she's in the mood, I'm going take her to a movie. I know you guys think I'm worse than the worst scum in all the 10,000 lakes in Minnesota, but I got to follow my heart. You know, I admire you for that, compadre. You do? You two just go out there tonight and you have yourself one heck of a swell time. You're a hard man to read, Coach. Thanks. You're welcome. Oh, I'm sorry. That's okay. My knees are never where I think they are. Hey, Daub, how you doing? Doing pretty good, Nick. Would you and the lovely lady like to start with a drink before dinner? I'll have a glass of white wine. Great. I'll just have my usual. You must come here a lot. Yeah. We have a coaches' dinner here every Wednesday, and then we usually eat here after the games. Have you ever been here? No, this is Hayden's hangout. And I enjoy a meal so much more when it stays down. I wish you could know Hayden the way I know him. Everybody thinks he's this loudmouth, obnoxious, kind of self-centered guy, but he's also a guy who always thinks he's right, and that's what makes him a wonderful friend. You want to run that around the track one more time? Once you're his friend, no matter what you do, he'll stick with you just to prove he's not wrong. That kind of loyalty is rare. So is that kind of logic. Thanks. Well, now that we're getting to know each other better, I need to know if you're okay with a couple of things. First there's the age thing. I'm 26 and I know you're 28. And I wondered if you have a problem with that? I don't think so. Good, okay. Also, I'm the lowest coach on the football team, and you're the highest coach on the basketball team, and I wondered if you had a problem with that? Even though coach says since I'm the lowest coach on a man's team, and you're the highest coach on awoman's team, then we're about equal. What do you think? I think Coach Fox is an idiot. I know. I meant, what do you think about what I just said? I think all that doesn't matter. All that matters is that we have similar interests and that you stay five inches taller than me. So far so good. Now the big one. I don't think I could live overseas for an extended period of time. I don't have a problem with that either. Great! Well, now you know me. So how about you? Well, let's see. I'm from Atlanta. I've heard nothing but good things about Atlanta. I'm sorry they burned it during the Civil War. Well, it's all fixed up now. Good. Here you go. Ready to order? I think we'll just enjoy our drinks for a minute. Just let me know when you're ready. You know, I'm used to working every night, and it's real nice to be here with you. (CLEARS THROAT) Here's to the first of what I hope will be thousands and thousands of dates. Coach Watkins, I'm sorry to bother you, but this is sort of an emergency. See, someone just broke into the equipment room and deflated all the balls. What? Well, I went to lock up and they were all just laying there flat. Oh, and they left this on the door. "We are men, hear us laugh.” What does that mean? It's a takeoff on a Helen Reddy song. Oh, shut up, Ann. He knows exactly what it means. You set me up. What are you talking about? You asked me out just so Hayden Fox and his goons could pull this little prank. No, I didn't know. I didn't know anything about this. I swear. Oh, don't give me that. And I was naive enough to think you were different. No, I am different. Everybody says so. I don't ever want to see your lying face again. Judy, wait. All right, go ahead. LUTHER: I loved the look on that girl's face tonight when she walked into the equipment room. I wish we could've stuck around to see Watkins' face. You want to see Watkins' face? You look up "camel” in the dictionary. Tell you something, we're going to have to be on our guard though. She's so childish, she's going to want to get back at us. Yeah, she won't know how to let this thing go. I'd better go and put a couple of extra padlocks on our equipment room door just to be on the safe side. Good idea. Hey, Luth, bounce pass. Hey, Kelly, what you doing? Paying my debt to society. You doing what? I'm working to pay off some parking tickets. My father wants to see me suffer. That's nice. Good night. Kelly, you want to come in here a second? Yeah? This the only job you could get, being a night janitor? Well, it's the one that paid the most. And as good a lesson as I'm learning, I didn't want to have to learn it any longer than necessary. And I suppose this is the only building that you had to choose from? Or is this just a plan to make your dad feel guilty? What, just because you're making your daughter work as a night janitor when her dream is to dance? Why would that make you feel guilty? Hey, make sure you get the one out in the hall, too, will you? Oh, jeez, Daub! I just mopped there. Hey, Dauber, what are you doing here? I thought you had a date tonight. 1 did. I've got to talk to you, Coach. I heard what you guys did tonight to the girl's basketballs. It's real funny and everything, but Judy thinks I was in on it. What? She thinks the only reason I asked her out was to get her away from here so you guys could get into the equipment room. She threw milk in my face, Coach. That hasn't happened since I was a sophomore. Ah, jeez, talk about paranoia. Hey, she should know you wouldn't have anything to do with something like that. I know. I tried to tell her it was just a coincidence, but she wouldn't believe me. It was either a coincidence or you used me and I know you wouldn't do that. Right. Sol need you to do me a favor, Coach. I need you to go talk to her. Me? Well, you're the only one that knows the truth. Oh, gee, Daub, I don't want to talk to that kangaroo. She's always calling me names. I'd talk to her if ll thought it would do any good, but she doesn't believe me. She hates me. I know, but right now she hates me even more. She thinks I betrayed her. She just thinks you're an idiot. Her words. What do you say, Coach? Will you do it? Oh, jeez, Daub, I'd rather swim after a heavy meal than talk to that... Hey, why don't you send her some flowers or a nice pair of low-heel shoes, huh? I think the only thing right now that's going to make a difference is you talking to her. You know, Coach, there's only so many girls that come along in your lifetime who are special and who you can relate to and who are 6" 1". I know this is a hard thing for you, Coach, but I know you can do it because you're the best. Oh, gee, Daub, all right. I'll get her back for you. I think she's in the equipment room. You want me to talk to her tonight? Ah, jeez. Hey, high pockets! Listen, we have to talk. 1 will not listen to anything that comes out of your mouth unless it's preceded by an apology. Yeah, well, it's about... Not unless it's an apology. Hey, look, it's about... Apologize. Hey, look, come on. Sorry. That's better. I'm sorry you're such a moron. (BLOWING) Cut it out! Then apologize like a human being! Or as close as you can get. Sorry. That was beautiful. Now can I say what I came to say? You're dog spit. Yeah, well, you're a loon neck so enough chit chat. I want to tell you something, you know, Dauber had nothing to do with this. It was all my idea. He's completely innocent. Oh, I really believe that. Yeah, well would I be down here sharing oxygen with you if I didn't have to? Now, look, if you don't believe me, just go down to the team room, he's down there. He's like a pool of mush. I mean, the guy is crazy about you. Hey, don't get too flattered, you know. He's also been in college for eight years. He really didn't know anything? Yeah, I swear. Now would you stop blaming him and just date him again? Hey, I'd like to do that very much, but I think it's going to be awfully hard for Michael and me to date when you and I are at war. Michael? That's his real name, bonehead. Oh, yeah? Well, his friends call him Dauber. And can we stop the name calling here, Judy? I'd like us to stop all of this. Fine. So, how would we do that? You could move to another school. Or you could have another season like you did last year, and then you could move. I can't talk to you. I don't even know why I try. Look, I'm willing to try to put an end to this petty fighting and handle our differences like two mature adults. Do you think you could do that? I can if you can. Good. We'll figure out a schedule so that we can both use the gym when we have to, and we'll try to avoid each other as much as possible. Well, I like that part of it. Then I say we call a truce. All right, truce. I'll just go tell Daub the good news. Jerk! (HAYDEN LAUGHING) Well? It's all settled. Yeah? Yeah, she wants to go out with you again. All right, Coach, I knew you could do it. Well, the way's clear for you to ruin your life, Daub. Great! Is she still in the equipment room? Yeah, yeah. If you catch her, you can still have dinner. I owe you one, Coach. Hey, Daub. Daub. You should also know that the war is over. It is? Yeah. I had a talk with her and I convinced her that for the good of the school and benefit of young people, that we should forget these little childish pranks and start behaving like human beings. I think that's great. Way to go, Coach. Thanks, man. (BELL TINKLING) Dauber! (MOOING) but he's donating a lot more than his honorarium. What's he giving you? A mini-van! A what? Well, I read in the paper where the Sisters' car had been stolen, so I figured if the Lord smiled on me, I'd smile on them. That is so incredibly generous. That's what I was trying to be. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 34th Annual Minnesota State Sports Awards Banquet. I think you're in for a dandy time tonight. We have a delicious dinner planned, followed by the presentation of the awards. But right now, I see our waiters are bringing out the Polynesian fruit cups, and as they do, I want you all to sit back, relax and enjoy, as you do every year, the musical magic of our own Riley Pringle and his band, The Life of Riley. Maestro! One, two... You know, Gordon, you really epitomize the spirit of the Inspirational Player of the Year Award. I think we were all deeply concerned this spring when you were struck by lightning during the NCAA Golf Championship. It was a near tragic incident, and it was amazing enough that you survived. But to come back and rejoin the team and play as you have this past year has been nothing short of a miracle. Congratulations, Gordon, and thank you for being an inspiration to all of us. Thank you, Mr. Burleigh. The next award is the Spirit Award. This is given to the person who most exemplifies the spirit of the Screaming Eagle, both on and off the field. Traditionally, this award is given to a student athlete. But this year, the committee has seen fit to bestow this honor on a non-athlete. They felt that no one better exemplified the fighting spirit and the soaring pride of the Minnesota State Screaming Eagle, than our own band director, Mr. Riley Pringle! Oh, my. Oh, my God. Um... Uh... (STUTTERING) I don't know what to say. I'm completely unprepared. Uh... You know what this award means? It means you like me. You really like me. What a muldoon. And now, for the award we've all been waiting for. The Curley O'Brien Award is the highest athletic honor Minnesota State University can bestow. Each year, this special award goes to the coach who sets the highest standards of leadership, of courage, of dedication and of success for his team and the entire university. This year's recipient, whose name I hold in this sealed envelope, has been chosen by the selection committee because he best represented the spirit of sportsmanship, inspired by Curley O'Brien. We are proud to present this year's award to a man so deserving. Ladies and gentlemen, this year's Curley O'Brien Award winner is... Judy Watkins, coach of the women's basketball team. (FORCED LAUGHTER) Yes! Yes! Uh-huh! Yes! Okay! Congratulations, Judy. You had an outstanding season. Thank you, Mr. Burleigh. You're the first woman ever to receive the Curley O'Brien Award. In fact, I didn't even know that was possible. 1, too, am unprepared for this. I've only been at Minnesota State a year, so I'm not all that familiar with Curley O'Brien. In fact, I didn't even know this award existed until a couple of days ago when Coach Fox invited me to sit at his table for tonight's banquet. My lack of familiarity should in no way be interpreted as a lack of appreciation. I understand the huge significance of this award, and I just... l hope I can continue to live up to the high set of standards that Mr. O'Brien set. Thank you. Everybody! Are you all right? Oh, I'm fine. Fine. You know, the best man won. That's what this award is all about. I'm happy for her. I really feel terrible about this, Hayden. Why? I wasn't counting on winning. You know me, I just take life as it comes, Luther. Here it comes. Hey, congratulations, Judy. Thank you, Hayden. I'm sorry. Sorry? What is everybody so sorry about? Come on, this is a celebration, let's celebrate. Hey, everybody... Everybody at the banquet, could you just please shut up for a minute? I just want to tell you how proud I am of Judy, and the fine, strong women that she leads. I mean, I think it's great. Riley, just play a celebration song for Judy, would you? And champagne for everybody. Come on, now. Come on. (BAND PLAYING) There she is. Huh? This is really big of you, Hayden. And don't you worry, Sisters, I'm gonna get you that mini-van, plus. Christine, would you just make sure everybody gets champagne, 'cause I'm going to just go to the men's room. I'll be right back. Be right back, everybody. Go ahead. Right back. Right back for you, too, okay? Congratulations, honey. Thank you. God, what a surprise. Especially for Hayden. I can't believe the way he's taking this. Neither can ll. I thought he'd blow right through the rafters. How do you think he's taking it? Well, I think he's trying to be magnanimous, be a good sport. He's not coming back, is he? I don't think so. Hayden? Hayden? Hi. Hi. I would have come sooner, but I thought you might need some time alone. Yeah, that's probably smart. Actually, I've cheered up considerably. I, uh, I saw you took down the party. Yeah, well, it seemed kind of silly to have the decorations up now. What did you do with them? I folded everything up and threw it in the lake. You threw all the decorations in the lake? Um-hmm. What about the champagne and all the food? In the lake. The sterling silver punch bowl? The lake. The cake? Lake. Oh, Hayden, I'm sorry. Why? It was the logical thing to do. I've thrown my life away. Might as well throw the party away. What do you mean, you've thrown your life away? I mean, I've thrown away everything in my life for coaching. I threw away a marriage for coaching. I threw away being a father for coaching. I threw away having family and friends and a home for coaching. Nothing left. You have me. How long can that last? You know, everything in my life that matters to me, I've put on the line for this job. And the only thing that I've ever asked, is that I get some recognition. You know, winning the Curley O'Brien Award would have said, "Hey, man, the sacrifices were worth it." When Judy got the award, it was just like saying, "Well, my whole life was just this great waste of time." Oh, Hayden. Now I gotta buy a van for a bunch of nuns. I'm not even Catholic. Hayden, your life is not a waste of time. It's expensive, because you throw so much of it in the lake, but it's not a waste. You... You can't measure your life by how many awards you win. You measure your life by the impact you have on people around you. Christine, I annoy the people around me. Sometimes. But you also motivate them, you teach them, you inspire them. Do you really think so? I really do. Then why couldn't they have given me an award for that? I think you've ended up with a lot more in your life than you think you have. Your friends are proof of that. Oh, Christine, ... I don't think I have any friends. Then who are all the people outside? What? I didn't come here by myself, Hayden. Who's out there? Everybody. Kelly, Stuart, Luther, Dauber, Judy, Howard, Mrs. Thorkelson, Riley Pringle, the nuns. You mean they drove all the way out here just to make me feel better? Yes. Huh. If 1 won the Curley O'Brien Award, I might never have known that, huh? That's true. I still wish I had it. I know you do. Oh, gosh. Well, come on now. They drove all the way out here just to make me feel better. I think I better go out there and give them what they came for. Better get your shoes. Shoes are in the lake. Well, thanks, everybody. I'd offer you some champagne, but I seem to be out at the moment. Hayden, we all just wanted to say that... (STAMMERING) Well, I don't know exactly what we wanted to say, except, well, you're a great guy and if there's ever a Hayden Fox award, we think it should go to you. Dad, I am so glad we didn't go to Chicago tonight. Yeah, me, too, sweetheart. Does that include me? Sure, what the hell. Hayden, this probably doesn't mean very much to you, nothing I say ever does, but I feel that the band would be nothing without the team. And without the good-natured competition between us, I might never have won the Spirit Award. So this is for both of us. Well, then, can I have it? Uh, well, uh... It's a joke, Riley. Oh, you... He got me again. I know it's been a rough night, but I've got to tell you, if there's one person who feels worse than you do, it's Howard Burleigh. Why is that? He was the one telling everyone how you were a shoo-in. He feels responsible. Gee, I never even thought of that. Poor Mr. Burleigh. He's standing down on the dock right now, just staring at the water. Oh, maybe I ought to go down and see him. Hey, well, thanks for coming, everybody. That was really sweet of you. Christine, would you see if anybody would like anything? I think I've got some soda and corn left. I'm just going to go down and... I just... I'll take care of Howard. I've got to hand it to Coach. He's taken this like a champ. That's one thing people don't understand about Dad. I know he acts like a maniac sometimes, but underneath it all, he's really a kind, caring person. (HOWARD SCREAMING) (SPLASHING) What was that? That's Howard. Hayden just threw him in the lake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 