Coach: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s1e9 - I'm Sorry I Told You My Wife Was Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 1, Episode 9 - I'm Sorry I Told You My Wife Was Dead - full transcript 
 Hayden lies to a widow about his ex-wife being dead just so she can fund the new athletic center. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WOMAN: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. This is not about football. This is about right and wrong. No, I'm not gonna yell and scream at you guys, because I am not angry. No. I am disappointed. Disappointed that some of you have been accepting free food and beer at the pub. And I'm disappointed that some of you have been getting passes to the campus movie theater. And disappointed that some of you think it's your God-given right to steal towels from the locker room. There is only one word to describe the way I am feeling. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am just plain... Disillusioned? Disappointed. Hey, Dad? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were in a meeting. Yeah. Just give me a second here, will you, Kelly? Yeah. Now, let's get one thing straight. Just because you are members of this football team does not give you special privileges. Everybody at this university, every student, every faculty member, (KNOCKING ON DOOR) is treated exactly the same. What is it, sweetheart? I'm sorry, Dad. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was just thinking about giving Mom a call. Do you think I could use the WATS line? Well, sure, sweetheart. Go ahead, talk as long as you want to. Thanks. Dismissed. Mom, that sounds great. (DOOR OPENING) Yeah. Oh, well, I'd better go. Dad just walked in, and I should give him his office back. Yeah, he's standing right here. You want to say hi? Oh, yeah, I understand. Sure. Okay. Bye-bye. She had to run. Well, you know, Kelly, your mom and I have been divorced 16 years. I don't take that stuff personally. I didn't want to talk to her, either. Yeah. Well, I gotta run, too. Thanks for letting me use your phone. (GRUNTS) Hey, Coach! Hi, Dauber. Hi, Kelly. Coach, that speech you gave to the players about not stealing stuff really worked. Yeah? Yeah. So far, the guys have turned in a bunch of towels, some tape, a soap dispenser, and the keys to my van. All right, Daub. That means you start driving again. As soon as they give me my tires back. Have you heard the news yet? What news? Oh, you haven't heard, then. God, I'm gonna have to tell you. I thought you'd be the first person they called. Called about what? Earl Rizendough died this morning. What? I just heard about it 10 minutes ago myself. Holy smokes. How? Heart attack. Went just like that. Sudden death. Of course, being the great football fan he was, that's probably the way he wanted to go. Geez! I just can't believe it. I just saw Earl at last weekend's game. I mean, he was cheering and carrying on like he always does. His face was beet red, and the veins were sticking out on his neck. Man, he looked great. I know the team is gonna miss him. Yeah, and what he's given financially. LUTHER: Oh, he'd donated millions. You'd think someone would have called. You know, you pick up a phone. You dial it. It's simple. Oh, Luther, I don't care nobody called me. I mean, what's important is that Minnesota State has lost a great man and a great friend. Hey, Coach, I know this is really sad and everything, and I know this is a really big loss for the school, but with Mr. Rizendough dead, doesn't this mean... Doesn't mean what, Dauber? Mean what? You mean, now we're gonna get all the money that Earl promised he'd leave to the football program? And now, just because our richest alumni is dead, we're entitled to a new athletic center? Is that what you were thinking? Actually that's more than I was thinking. I tell you, I can't think about that stuff right now. No amount of money is gonna make up for the loss I'm feeling. Not even $10.2 million for an athletic facility and covered parking. Gentlemen, I'd like to have a moment of silence, if I may. Here it is. The Earl J. Rizendough Athletic Center. (WHISTLING) Oh, boy. You are looking at what may be the finest training facility in the country. State-of-the-art weight and conditioning rooms, first-class player lounges, coaches' suites. Gentlemen, welcome to the big time! ALL: Yeah! Hayden. Luther. Dauber. Howard, come on in, babe! Look, we just got a sketch of the new athletic facility. Wait till you see it, Howard. 58,000 square feet of the finest architecture money can buy, and 96 square feet of it is yours, Howard. Look! Right up here in the corner. Howard J Burleigh, Athletic Director. What do you think? I think we shouldn't get too attached to it. What do you mean? Oh, man. What happened? Why, I just got off the phone with Earl's widow. There isn't going to be any $10.2 million athletic center. Why not? Earl never put his wishes in writing. He left everything to his wife, and she says there are more important things to do with the money. Like what? She's putting the whole $10 million into medical research. Oh, for crying out loud! I knew this was gonna happen. Every time something starts going our way, it just keeps right on going. God damn it! I'm not going to let it happen. Now, Earl promised us that money. I think, morally, it's ours, isn't it? Isn't there something we can do? We can go into medical research. Count me out. Hey, look, wait a minute. What if I was to go over there and try to talk her out of it? Oh, you're not going anywhere. If anybody is going to talk to her, it's going to be me. Luth, Daub, can I have a word alone with the Coach? Sure. I'm gonna be stuck in this basement for the rest of my life, just trying to coach people in a bomb shelter. You talk to her. You said you wanted to. I just said that in front of the guys. I want them to know who's boss around here. Howard, I think they know who's boss around here. Hayden, we have got to get this money, and you can do it. You're a great salesman, you can think on your feet. Yeah, I know, that's why I want to do it. Oh. (SIGHING) Good. Well, it's against my better judgment, but if you insist on talking to her, you've got my permission. Luther, Dauber. So he's scared to go talk to her, huh? Yeah. Mrs. Rizendough? Come in, Coach Fox. Thank you, Martha. Well, I wanna thank you for seeing me. I know this is still a difficult time for you. Well, I haven't been seeing very many people these past few weeks, it's true. But I know how fond Earl was of you. I thought the least I could do was hear what you had to say. Well... Well, I sure never met a football fan like your husband. Yes, he loved the game. Yeah. Wow! Look at this. Ticket stubs to the 1946 homecoming game. Hey! And the first Screaming Eagles pennant. Boy, this is great stuff. There's a lifetime of football right here in this room. What are you going to do with it all? Throw it out. I beg your pardon? Coach Fox, let me be honest. I never really liked football. It was Earl's passion, but it never held any interest for me. Ah. Well, you're talking about football, the game. I never liked that, either. I'm talking about football, the dream. See, I'm here to talk about my kind of football. More importantly, I'm here to talk about Earl's kind of football. Will this take long? Just a couple of minutes, I think. Well, it's just that I'm meeting the head of the medical center at 3:00. Oh, geez, I'm glad I didn't hit any traffic, then. Um, I'll cut this short. Uh, you know, Earl used to say to me, "Coach, you're not just creating winners in the game of football, "but you're creating winners in the game of life." And I think he was right. I'm turning boys into men. And frankly, that's a contribution that I'm very, very proud of. I'm no expert, Coach Fox, but from what I know of football, all it does is take innocent boys and systematically turn them into mindless barbarians. And you say you're no expert? But let's look at the important side of football, that side that creates healthy minds and healthy bodies. Let's take the ideal football player. He's got a heart like a locomotive, pumping drug-free blood through arteries that run as clean and clear as mountain streams. And then he strides downfield on legs of steel, and all that time he maintains a "C" average. Hey, come on. These guys are fit for life. And the Earl J. Rizendough Athletic Center is gonna make them stronger, faster and fitter. Yes, provided it doesn't cripple them first. Look, you know, Mrs. Rizendough, I have to be honest. I hate football. But it does create heroes. And heroes are what made this country great. I'm just trying to save America. Coach Fox, I admire your passion, but my mind is made up. I'm sorry. No, I guess I should be the one apologizing, Mrs. Rizendough. I think it was a mistake to come at you with all this stuff, with Earl's passing still so recent and everything. I know you've got other things on your mind. I'm fine, Coach Fox, really. Well, whatever. Uh, well, if I could make a suggestion, if I may. Maybe I could come back a little later, when you've had some time to recover. I know you're still feeling, you know... Don't tell me how I'm feeling. You have no idea how I feel. Well, I think I may have some idea of how you feel. I mean, I don't want to diminish your loss or anything, but I know, I've lost people close to me. Someone as close as a spouse? Well, in all honesty, yes. You've lost your wife? Yes. I'm sorry. I had no idea. Yeah, well, it wasn't something I really intended to talk about, you know. You'll have to forgive me for lashing out at you. I guess I'm not coping with this as well as I thought I was. No, no, no. I think you're doing wonderfully. Well, losing her must have been a shock. No, we pretty much saw it coming. Do you have time for me to just share one small story with you? Please. Well, you know, Beth, that was my wife. Beth and I had a daughter while we were still together. Beth had a wish. Well, it was a lot like Earl's. It wasn't down in writing or anything, it was just a simple request. And that was that Kelly, that's my daughter, be raised with a lot of love and get a great education. And I've done what I could to honor that wish. And Kelly is here with me at Minnesota State. And I can guarantee you, Mrs. Rizendough, that Beth knows that Kelly is right here with her dad. And I can assure you of something else, Mrs. Rizendough, that if you go ahead and build this athletic center, Earl is gonna know that you honored his wish. And every time you pass it, you know, maybe, you'll feel that just a little part of Earl is right here with us. Coach Fox, you disarm me. I think I'm beginning to see why Earl was so fond of you. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to think over what you said, and perhaps we can reach some compromise. Why don't you join me for dinner tomorrow night, and we'll discuss it further. Thank you. That would mean a lot to me. I'll see you at 7:00. All right. Oh. Don't forget your sketch. Well, why don't I leave that with you? Is it a good sign or a bad sign that he's not back yet? It's a good sign. Bad sign. It's a good sign. It means there's hope. If he got the money he'd be back by now. It's a bad sign. Did you ever hear of positive thinking? Yeah. I don't think it works. You look happy. Are you happy? I think so. All right! Really? Well, we're not there yet, but she's talking about some sort of compromise. Way to go, Coach. I knew if anybody could do it, you could. What's the next step? We're having dinner tomorrow night. Al right! I'll tell you, I really didn't think you could pull it off. Luther, you were pessimistic? Oh, really, ask them. I was a real doubting Thomas. From now on, I'm a believer. I'll tell you that. Well, there is just one little wrinkle I'm gonna have to iron out. Something's wrong. No, no, no. No, nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong. Just... Let me ask you a question. If someone came up to you and said, "I lost my wife", what would that mean to you? That means she's dead. What else could it mean? Nothing. Think. You mean like you lost her in a mall or something like that? Maybe. I mean, what about "I lost her" like "I divorced her"? I never heard of anything like that. Huh. Luther, Dauber, could you excuse the Coach and me for a minute? We'll be out in the hall. LUTHER: I've been through this kind of thing before. I'll tell you there's something wrong. You can count on it. What did you do? I didn't do anything. Mrs. Rizendough and I were talking about feelings and about grief and about losing people close to us, and I just mentioned to her how I lost Beth. You told Mrs. Rizendough Beth died? I didn't say she died. Mrs. Rizendough just assumed, and when she did, she seemed to like me a lot better, Howie. In other words, you played on her sympathy. Well, kind of. Hayden, do you know what you are? What? A genius! I never would have had the nerve to do what you did. To lie like that right off the top of your head. Well, technically, it wasn't a lie. Oh, come on. It was a great lie. It was vintage Hayden Fox. You're the best. Well, it was just a reflex thing, you know. (PHONE RINGING) Coach here. Mrs. Rizendough. Hi. Kelly? Well, gee. Well, that's awfully nice of you to include her but, um, Mrs. Rizendough, could you hold on for just one second, please? She wants me to bring Kelly to dinner. Great. But I can't ask Kelly to pretend her mother's dead. I mean, I think that's wrong somehow. You have to. You don't have any choice. If you try to turn back now, we'll lose everything. Hi, Mrs. Rizendough? Yeah, I had... l just had to go to the bathroom for a second there. Look, yeah. I think Kelly would love to come, and I'd be looking forward to it, too. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye. We're in now. Oh, man. What am I going to say to Kelly? Kelly'll understand. How do you know that? She's the Fox's daughter. Dad? Hey, sweetheart. Thanks for coming early. So, what did you want to talk to me about? Well, just something about tonight. Boy. Look at that dress. Now, I like that dress. Thank you. Mom bought it for me. Did she? Well, your mom always had great taste. Has great taste. Well, Dad, I am really looking forward to this. You know, I've never had dinner in a mansion before. Yeah, well, see, now that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. I don't want you to get the wrong idea about tonight. You know. I mean, it's not exactly what you thought it was going to be. I just thought it was going to be fun. Right. It's not going to be that. It's not? No. You see, tonight's dinner is 3 fund-raising dinner. Oh, I know that. Yeah. Well, okay. The thing about fund raising is, it's not always pretty, Kelly. You know, sometimes you gotta tell people what you think they want to hear, and you can't always do that in complete honesty. Dad, you don't have to explain all this stuff to me. I mean, I understand about fund raising and salesmanship and all that stuff. You know, you're not gonna shock me, okay? I trust you. You do? Yeah. Why? Well, because I know you'd never do anything terrible. How do you know that? Well, because for all your faults, Mom always said that you had a line that you wouldn't cross. You know, she said that deep down, somewhere in there you had a conscience. Your Mom said that? Did she ever say anything else nice about me? Yeah. Can't think of anything right off-hand. Was there something that you wanted me to do tonight? Yeah. What I think I want you to do, sweetheart, is not go with me. You mean you want to take two cars? (LAUGHING) I love you. Oh, sweetheart, no. This is not a carpool problem. See, I want you to stay here tonight. Why? Trust me. Okay, I will. Hmm? But, Dad? Next time you're gonna ask me to trust you, will you do it before I get all dressed up? Hey, if I'm thinking that far ahead, you can count on it. Mrs. Rizendough should be in shortly. Thank you. Would you like anything to drink? Did you have a beer? Just before you got here. Why? Can you smell it? No, I meant, can I have one? Oh. Coach Fox. Ah, Mrs. Rizendough. Isn't your daughter with you? No, ma'am, I'm sorry. She couldn't make it. You see, right at the last minute she came down with a horrible case of the flu. Boy, I tell you. It was just awful. I mean, I don't want to go into details, but, boy, it would have spoiled dinner, believe you me. I hope you understand. Well, I'm disappointed, of course, but I understand. Do give her my best. I sure will. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) It's for him. Thank you. Well, I realize we haven't eaten yet, but I don't see any reason to prolong the suspense. Oh, what's this? Open it. Wow. That's just the down payment, of course. You'll get another $9.2 million when you're ready to start building. You mean, we beat out medical research? Man, I can't believe this. I've never held a check for a million dollars. I don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. Why don't we go in to dinner? Mrs. Rizendough, wait. There is something I want to say. There's something that's been bugging me since yesterday, and before I really accept this check, you know, I kind of like to put all my cards on the table. What do you mean? Well, it's probably nothing. I'm just a guy with an overactive conscience, I guess. Yesterday, when we were talking and having such a good time and everything, what did you think I actually meant when I said that I'd lost my wife? That she'd died. (LAUGHING NERVOUSLY) Oh, golly. Well... See, I was afraid of that. I beg your pardon? Well, you know, I got to be honest with you, Mrs. Rizendough. You see, my wife is not technically dead. What do you mean "not technically"? Well, you know, I think of it like a death. Technically, we're divorced. You lied to me. Not technically. I swear to you, when I was saying that I lost my wife, ll in no way meant to imply... Oh, come off it, Mr. Fox! Okay, okay. That's a lie. But I'm sorrier about it than anything I've ever done in my whole life, and that's the truth. What kind of man are you? I don't know. I don't know. A desperate one, I guess. I just wanted that athletic center so much, that I was willing to go to any length to get it. You know, even on my worst day I thought there was a line I wouldn't cross over, but I crossed over it with you, and I'm terribly sorry. Just out of curiosity, do you even have a daughter? Of course I do. I would never lie about that. And she has the flu? No. I just didn't want her to see this. You know, I mean, Mrs. Rizendough, when I said that I lost my wife, I was just trying to show you that in my own small way, that I understand what it's like to suffer a great loss. But you don't understand what it's like to suffer a great loss, do you? No, ma'am, I don't. Now I do. I'll have Martha show you out. Oh. Before I go, now, I just want you to think about one thing. Now, look. I could've walked out that door just now with a check for a million dollars, but I didn't. And I didn't have to tell you the truth about my wife, but I did. What is your point, Mr. Fox? I just hope that's worth something. I think it is. You've saved some shred of your self-respect. Well, I was hoping for something more. I mean, come on... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 