Coach: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s1e7 - 19 Candles - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 1, Episode 7 - 19 Candles - full transcript 
 Kelly's boyfriend shows up at her 19th birthday celebration. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: Coach is filmed before a studio audience. Hey, Daub, how's it going? Pretty good. Luth. Yeah. You've been in this game along time. How come they call it football? What? I was just wondering why it was called football. You only use your foot 3 little bit of the time. Aren't you supposed to be studying for that science exam? I was studying, but... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But then I started thinking. They should have called soccer football. They use their feet all the time. What would you do with the name soccer? Soccer could be the name for boxing 'cause you're always socking people. Well, then, what would boxing be? Boxing could be the name for hockey 'cause you are always in the penalty box for fighting. Then what would you do with the name hockey? You're right. Why don't we just leave everything the way it is. (SIGHING) Wait a minute. Let's not go past this so fast. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Luther! Dauber! Yeah, we're in here, Hayden. Well, I'm in here! Oh, yeah. Come on. Come on, I want to show you something. Hey, what's that? Okay, it's Kelly's birthday present. Wait till you see it. Oh, yeah. Tonight's Kelly's big birthday dinner. Yeah, yeah. Can you believe my little girl's 19 years old? I think I got her the perfect gift. (DAUBER WHISTLES) LUTHER: Hey. (BOTH EXCLAIMING) Those have Kelly written all over them. Yeah. What are they? Well, they're toe shoe bookends. You see, they're toe shoes 'cause of Kelly's interest in ballet, and they are bookends 'cause she's a student, you know. I mean, she's got books. And because they're bronze, well, it's like an investment in her future. Must be a pretty special birthday, Coach. Hey, they're all special for my little girl. Yeah, but bronze. Yeah, it is pretty special, isn't it? Yeah, I even told Christine she couldn't be at our dinner, you know, 'cause it's just gonna be dinner for two. That's the way it's always been and that's the way it's always gonna be. I'd say Kelly is pretty lucky having a dad like you. Why, thank you, Dauber. Yeah. Well, hey, guys, listen, I got to get going, all right. Got to get these babies wrapped up. Why didn't you just have the store do it? Come on, it's my daughter's birthday. You know, I want the present to look kind of personal. Hey, I'll see you guys on Monday. Right-o. Have a good time tonight. Thanks. Hey, Ms. Thorkelson! I want you to wrap something for me! You know, you and I should do something for Kelly's birthday. Sure. I mean, we could go out for a nice dinner or something. No, I mean get her something, like a birthday present. Great. Like what? I don't know. Let's see, it's... She's 19. What'd you want when you were 19? I just wanted to pass Earth Science. Still do. Excuse me. I couldn't help noticing. That is a magnificent package. Yeah, thanks, it's my daughter's birthday present and I want it to be special. Oh, the store did a beautiful job wrapping it. I didn't have a store do this. You wrapped that package? Well, I think it takes a very special man to go to so much trouble for his daughter. Well... See, actually, ... Thank you very much. Hey, Coach. Hey, Nick. Where's Kelly? She's gonna be here in a minute. She's meeting me. Oh. Everything's set for dinner. We got spaghetti and the chocolate chocolate cake with 19 candles. Oh, gee, you know, that's perfect, Nick. You know, ever since Kelly was a little girl, she's always had the same birthday dinner. Yeah, I used make her a happy face, you know. (CHUCKLES) Meatballs for the eyes and then noodles for the hair. Used to tell her she couldn't have cake till she ate her nose. (BOTH LAUGHING) Probably too old for that now, though. Yeah. But it's a nice thought, Coach. Yeah. Can I get you something while you're waiting? Oh, no, Nick. I'm fine, fine. Okay. Hey, Kelly. Hi. Happy birthday. Thanks, Nick. Hey, there's the birthday girl! (PEOPLE WHISTLING) Thanks! Okay, okay. So I had to tell a few people. I'm sorry. (LAUGHING) Okay. Kelly, hey, happy birthday, honey. Thanks, Dad. (GIGGLING) Oh, wow. Is this for me? Well, now, I don't know. Let's see... Might be a name here somewhere. Yup. Uh-oh! Yeah, it is for you. No, no, no, come on, come on. You know our tradition. Oh, right. No present till after dinner. Right. Well, now, look at you, Kelly. 19 years old. Hmm? Did you ever think you'd get this big? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, me, too. I tell you, though, it just seems like yesterday you needed a booster chair. You comfortable? Yeah, I'm fine. Listen, Kelly, you know, I look forward to this night all year. So do l. Speaking of tonight, there's something that I've been meaning to tell you. See, Stuart really wanted to be with us tonight. Stuart. Stuart who? Stuart my boyfriend. The mute? He's not a mute. He's a mime. He really, really wanted to be with us, and... (STAMMERING) You invited him here tonight? Yes. Well, this is a private dinner. I mean, you'd invite a stranger? Dad, he's not a stranger. Well, he's not part of the family. Well, I couldn't offend him. I mean, you know how sensitive Stuart is. Well, Kelly, come on, this is supposed to be our night. But it's my birthday. All right, so now it's your birthday. I mean, jeez, Kelly. I mean, come on. I mean... I don't want Stuart here. We had kind of a birthday tradition going. This is a father-daughter dinner. It's not a father-daughter-mime dinner. Oh, God, there he is. Look, Dad, I'd really appreciate it if you'd just be nice to him. I mean... And it won't be all that hard. I've never met anyone who's as easy to be with as Stuart. (SPEAKING FRENCH) What did he say? Happy birthday in French. STUART: Coach Fox. (SPEAKING FRENCH) He said he's very happy to be here. Well, that's great. Hey, Stu, can I talk to you in English over here for just a second? (CLEARING THROAT) You seem to have made a little faux pas. Dad, what is going on? Wait a minute. Is there a problem with my being here? Dad, I can't believe you're embarrassing me like this. You're ruining my birthday. I am ruining your birthday? Kelly, I'm just trying to uphold a tradition. You know, a father-daughter dinner with no intrusions. Hi, there, birthday girl! I'm the birthday clown with a special song from your birthday buddies, Luther and Dauber. (BLOWING KAZOO) Don't. Dad, if you don't want Stuart here, you don't want me here, either. Kelly, listen, no offense. Even if I liked Stuart, I wouldn't want him here. That's it. Come on. Okay, Kelly. Wait a... Hold it. That came out wrong. There is a song... Hey, take a break, Ronald. Don't let me be a problem here. You're not the problem, he is. Kelly, come on. I mean, this is not my idea of your birthday. Well, fine. Then let's just forget my birthday. In fact, let's just forget I was ever born. What the hell does that mean? Does anybody know what that means? Kids. "Hold the rod in the 12:00 position. "Pull the rod back "to the 10:00 position. "And cast forward "to the 2:00 position, releasing the line with the thumb lever." Hey, all right. (STAMMERING) Hayden, what are you doing back so early? Hell, that's it. Kelly's birthday is canceled. She brought Stuart to the dinner. What are you doing? Fishing. Oh, great. Then I'm glad I got the couch stocked. Oh, look, come on, I'm not upset with you. I mean, this was supposed to be our night, you know, mine and Kelly's. I mean, I thought it meant something to her. And you think because she invited Stuart that it doesn't? It sure didn't seem like it. So you got mad and left? No, I was being perfectly reasonable, Christine. It was my pigheaded daughter and that doofus that she's in love with that got up and left. And you were as calm as you are now? Absolutely. Hayden, Stuart is her boyfriend, and it was her night. Well, God, Christine, that's what Kelly said. Am I the only one that understands this birthday? Look, I know how much this night has always meant to you, but Kelly has other people in her life now. It's not a crime to want to include them. I mean, to be honest, I didn't completely understand why I couldn't be there. Because no one is supposed to be there, Christine. It's a family tradition! Jeez. (SIGHING) I think you have to accept the fact that families change, Hayden. Yeah, but who invites someone into a family after they've only known them a couple of months? I mean, it's like bringing a friend home for Christmas. Well, people do that all the time. Yeah, and families hate that, and the ones that say they don't are lying. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Hey, great. Now my night is complete. I've got the Prince of Pantomime at my door. Hi, Stuart. What do you want? Understanding, sensitivity. Most of all, your acceptance. What, were you raised by a pack of therapists? Hayden... No, where do people learn how to talk like this, Christine? Hello, Stuart. Hello, Ms. Armstrong. May I come in? Yeah, all right, all right, all right. Where's Kelly? She's in the car. Actually, she didn't want to come up here, but I insisted. Not that I was trying to exert some sort of male dominance. How could you? I just didn't think we should let the evening pass without dealing with the situation. Should I... No. Don't make anything, no. Coach Fox, the thing is... Don't sit, please. The thing is, I think I know what your problem is. You see me as the outsider. What I don't think you realize is how much a part of Kelly's life I am now. And, hey, that makes me a part of your life, too. We're practically two boughs of the same tree. Now, that doesn't mean you have to love me. Although you might grow to. All it means is, I think you'd really like yourself a lot more if you just learn to accept me. It just... It just seems that every time we're in the same room together, we end up embroiled in conflict. And emotionally... Emotionally, I find that extremely taxing. Oh, God, Stuart, don't start crying. It's all right to cry. Yeah, I mean, if you get caught in a bear trap. I mean it, Christine. Don't give him any sympathy. He does this all the time. Stuart... What did you do to him? I don't know, I taxed his emotions and broiled him in something. I don't know, I'm just lost. Are you okay? I'm fine, Kelly. I'm fine. You know, Dad, I'm so mad at you, I was going to go home and never speak to you again. And I mean that. But Stuart convinced me to come and talk to you because he faces things head on with strength and conviction and courage. (BLOWING NOSE) But this isn't Stuart's fight. This is between you and me. So we might as well just have this out right now. Fine! Fine! Apologize. What? Why should I apologize? All I was trying to do was just have the same birthday dinner we've been having for the past 19 years. But without any regard for what I wanted or what Stuart wanted. Well, why should I care what Stuart wants? (CRYING) I just explained it to you. Jeez! Hey, look, Stuart, if it wasn't for her mom and me, you would have been having dinner alone tonight. (SOBBING) (TELEPHONE RINGING) Oh, jeez, who the hell could that be? Hello? Hi, Beth. It's your mom. Beth, why are you crying? Hang on, hang on just... She says, you know, it's your first birthday away from home and she misses you. Here, here, talk to her. Hi, Mom. Thanks. Yeah, I miss you, too. (SNIFFLING) (CRYING) Nothing's wrong. It's just the worst birthday of my whole life. Oh, jeez. Well, Hayden, you don't have anybody but yourself to blame for all of this. If you'd been a little more sensitive to Kelly's feelings... Christine, don't start giving me a lecture on being sensitive. I don't want to hear it. I just meant, if you'd been a little less possessive and let Stuart come to dinner... Well, I didn't want him there! If I'd wanted to clutter up dinner, I would've invited you! Oh, God! Jeez! Christine, come on, I didn't mean it. Coach Fox, HAYDEN: Okay. I don't know why we can't just be one, big family. I don't want to be a family with a bunch of weepers! There's not enough Kleenex in the whole wide world! Where are you going? I'm going to go be a family all by myself! Jeez. Man, Hayden, you are a jerk. KELLY: Dad, you down there? Dad? Kelly, is that you? Yeah. I had a hunch you might be here. (SIGHING) Could I talk to you for a second? Yeah, I guess so. (KELLY SIGHING) Can I turn on the light? Yeah. Thought you never wanted to see me again. Yeah, I guess today didn't really turn out the way that either of us planned. I just wanted to say that after you left, Christine and Stuart and I had this really good talk. Jeez, I'm sorry I missed that. Anyway, I realized that I was asking you to apologize, but I have an apology to make, too. I should have told you in advance that Stuart was coming. It was wrong not to, and I'm sorry. Yeah, that was wrong, wasn't it? We should have talked about it beforehand. Right, 'cause if we'd talked about it beforehand, I wouldn't have gotten mad tonight. You would have gotten mad beforehand. Right. Right. (SIGHING) Well, anyway, that's all I came to say. I made my apology. Well, you must have lots of things to do, so I won't take up any more of your time. Hey, Kelly, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait. Before you go... Hey, you want to open up your present? I guess so. Yeah, yeah, because before you got here, see, I was gonna bring it over to you. You were? Yeah, I mean, come on, Kelly, I didn't want your birthday to go by without you opening up your present. I wanted to say some things to you, too. You wanted to apologize? Well, I didn't want to, but that's what I was gonna do. What'd you want to apologize for? Well, now, I'm getting to that, Kelly. Just, you know... See, apologies are hard, sweetheart, especially when you've been wrong. I guess... (COUGHS) What I'm trying to say is, Kelly, you know, if I wrecked your birthday... I mean, I didn't mean to. You know, I'm always the one that's going out of my way to make these birthdays special, you know. And the last thing I want to do is ruin one. I mean, I've always been there for you on your birthday, haven't I? Yeah. And no matter where I was, no matter what I was doing, I was always there, huh? I mean, I flew through a blizzard, I mean, I slept on a bus. And there was that one time I even hitchhiked all the way from Akron. All the way from Akron. Right. Never made a big deal about it at all, huh? 'Cause all I wanted to do is just show how much I care about you. Is that the apology? Well, it's like the beginning of it, see. Now, I've been sitting here and I've been thinking about all those trips, and I realized you know, how good they made me feel. You know, in fact, it seems like the harder they were the better I felt, and... Okay, like the time I was in the little Cessna, right, and the wings started icing up, and then... I don't want to worry you now, because, I mean, we landed. But the thing is, Kelly, all those years, see, I mean, I... I wasn't with you, you know, and I've just been feeling guilty about all that time that I wasn't spending with you when you were growing up. Well, I know you always said that. I guess I was never sure if you really meant it. Oh, honey, I meant it. All right, I may not do all the feelings well, Kelly, but I've got a lock on guilt, baby. I mean, that's why I've always made such a big deal out of your birthday, honey. I mean, it always made me feel less guilty. (SIGHING) Is that the apology? Not exactly. See, I guess what I'm trying to say is, Kelly, you know, it's like when Stuart... Well, when he, you know, came to that dinner, I mean, it felt like he was... He was taking away my chance to... To be the one that makes your birthday special. And it felt like... It felt like he was... He was taking you. Hey, it's selfish on my part, all right. Okay, okay. And that's why I got upset. Is that the apology? No. The apology is, I'm sorry. Oh. Well, apology accepted. Phew! All right, well, that wasn't too hard, was it? You know, Dad... It's not over, is it, honey? No. I was just going to say that we're together all the time now, and you don't have to feel guilty anymore. And maybe... Maybe my birthday can start becoming just my birthday. All right. Happy birthday, Kelly! Thank you! (GIGGLING) Oh, Dad, this is really wrapped beautifully. Yeah, thanks. Tell Ms. Thorkelson I appreciate it. 1 will. All right. Wow! A bronzed toe shoe that stands on its own. Yeah, yeah. Look, Kelly, there's two of them, see. Oh, yeah, I see. They're bookends. Oh, yeah. Wow. I had them made special. You like them? Yeah, I love them. And I know just where I'm gonna put them. See, now, maybe your birthday wasn't such a disaster after all, huh? Yeah, I think we managed to salvage most of it. Oh, as a matter of fact, there's a couple hours of my birthday left. You want to go back to the Touchdown Club? Just the two of us? Well, as nice as that would be, why don't we call Stuart and Christine and have them join us? That's what you really want, huh? It's your birthday. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 