Coach: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coach 
 s2e6 - I'm in the Mood for Luther - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coach (1989–1997): Season 2, Episode 6 - I'm in the Mood for Luther - full transcript 
 Christine sets Luther up on a date with her next door neighbor, but Luther takes things way too fast. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 First of all, you guys should realize that everybody on campus wants to live in my house. Yeah, we kind of figured that from the line outside. (PEOPLE YELLING) Hey, back of the line! No cutting in! I'm not cutting in! What do you think, I have no manners? What the heck is going on in here? There's a room for rent in my house and I'm interviewing prospective tenants. You two want to live in Dauber's house? Dad, you know we need more space, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and Dauber's house is a lot bigger than that attic room of Stuart's that we've been living in. It is so cramped in there we can hardly meditate. It's not just the size. If we were to live any place else, we'd just have to ask you for more money. Oh. Well, good luck. Another thing you guys should know is that everybody who qualifies to live in my house has to be able to contribute something. Some of the guys can cook. Fred's real mechanical. I manage the house because of my seniority and my extensive education. Gee, Daub, we're theater majors. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We don't have any skills. Hey, we'd be willing to clean. Clean? Huh. I've been living there for seven years and I don't think we've ever had anybody do that. (PEOPLE YELLING) Hey, lady! What do you think you're doing? No cutting in. I'm not cutting in, I'm seeing the Coach. Yeah, who appointed you hall monitor? What's that all about? Well, there's a room for rent at Dauber's place. Gee, I didn't realize Dauber was that popular. You know, he's got three stories full of football players, there's a party every night. Really? How much is he asking? That's cute, Christine, let's roll. You ready to go to lunch? Yeah. Listen, Hayden, driving down here this morning, I had sort of a crazy little notion that I wanted to run by you. Not Greek food? No, this has nothing to do with you or your four taste buds. I would like to talk about my neighbor. Marion. She lives right across the hall from me. Mmm-hmm. Well, her husband died about a year ago. She's just such a dear, dear person and so I was thinking maybe we could introduce her to Luther. Oh, gee, Christine, come on, I'd rather eat Greek again. Why? Because it's matchmaking and it never works. I thought Luther was supposed to be your best friend. He is my best friend. That's why I don't want to mess him up, you know? I mean... You don't realize what he's like when he gets involved with a woman. You did not have to live through Doris Steckler, Naomi Farnsworth, Rowena Sapp. Who are they? The three great loves of Luther's life. All three relationships fell apart and I had to be there to pick up the pieces. I got to tell you, ll don't wanna go through it again, okay? But, if you think life has been too easy on Hayden lately, then go ahead, you just invite Luther and your friend to dinner. So you're saying we shouldn't do anything nice for Marion and Luther because it might be inconvenient for you? Hallelujah! Let's eat. (PEOPLE YELLING) Hey, I'm not trying to cut in! Jeez. You think I'm crazy enough to live at Dauber's house? Again? Oh, hi, Christine. I didn't know you were here. Yeah, is this private? I'm sorry. I don't know. Hayden, is this private? Yeah, I mean, I'd like to go to lunch, come on. I think we should ask him. You'll ask me to go to lunch? It's not Greek food, is it? Luther, we wanted to ask you if you were doing anything after the game Saturday night. I don't know, I haven't gotten this week's TV Guide yet. The reason we were asking is because I have this friend in Minneapolis, her name is Marion... Yes. Yes, what? Yes, I want to go out with her. Don't you even want to know anything about her? She's a friend of Christine's. That's good enough for me. Oh, jeez... Terrific. I... I thought the four of us could have dinner together. Yeah, what time do you want me there? Well, I don't know. 7:00? 7:00's good by me. Well, good. Then we'll have hors d'oeuvres at my place at 7:00 and make a dinner reservation for 8:00. Yeah. Is that okay with you, Hayden? Oh, yeah, absolutely. Whole thing was practically my idea. Really? Thanks, Hayden. So, where are the three of us going to lunch? I can't believe this is the way we're going to spend our Saturday night. We are not doing this for us, remember? We're doing this for Luther and Marion. Like that's supposed to make me feel better? I'm telling you, Christine, this evening is going to turn into a disaster. And when it does, you are gonna owe me an apology. This evening is not going to be a disaster, but if it is, I'll be happy to apologize to you. Now, why don't you put on your tie? Why don't I just tie it to the ceiling and jump off a chair? (DOORBELL RINGS) That'd be lovely. Oh! Luther. Please come in. Hi, Christine. (MUTTERS) Hey, Hayden. Boy, talk about a swanky apartment. Oh, thank you. Did you have any trouble finding it? No, I left early just to be on the safe side. I actually got here an hour ago. Oh, you should have come up. Well, I didn't want to seem anxious. Besides, I can entertain myself. You know you got over $42 in change in that fountain downstairs? By the way, I brought you something. Oh, Luther, thank you. How sweet. I'll go put these in water. Hayden, how do I get Christine to give me back those flowers? What? Well, they were supposed to be for Marion. I brought Christine a cheese log. A cheese log? It's a cheese log, it's... It's cheddar and walnuts. You're supposed to serve it at room temperature. It's been in my pocket for over an hour. It should be ready. These are just beautiful. Those aren't for you. They're for Marion. Luther brought you a cheese log. A what? Cheese log. I'm sorry, I should have spoken up earlier. (STAMMERS) No, Luther. It was my mistake. Here. Marion just lives across the hall. She can have the vase. Oh, great. Here's your log. I'll just grab a platter. I'm telling you, Hayden, I am really looking forward to this. This is gonna be fun, isn't it? Yeah. This should go perfect with the salmon en croute. Actually, a cheese log goes with just about anything. Oh. Oh. So, what did you tell Marion about me? I told her that you were very nice, and that you were looking forward to this evening. Did you tell her I've never been married before? I think so. Did she think that was strange? No. Did you tell her I lived with a bird? ...I think I mentioned it. Did she think that was strange? No. Luther, you are strange. Shut up. Well, I just want this to go well. Yeah, well, I want it to go fast. Come on here, eat something. (DOORBELL RINGS) That's Marion. Wait, stay here, let me swallow this first. Wait. (DOORBELL RINGS) (ANXIOUSLY) Mmm. Just open the damn door! Marion. Hi. Oh, Christine. Marion, I would like you to meet Hayden Fox. Hi, Marion. Hello, Hayden. I've heard so much about you. All good, I hope. And this is Luther Van Dam. Luther, it's so nice to meet you. It's nice meeting you, Marion. You're as lovely as Christine said you were. Oh, thank you. And thank you. Here. These are for you. How thoughtful. Thank you. So, would anybody like a drink? Oh, yeah. Marion, what would you like? Oh, I don't know. Luther, what are you gonna have? Do you have a beer? Sure. Beer sounds like fun. I'll have one, too. So you like beer, huh? Occasionally. Do you like it in the bottle or the can? Hayden, would you like to help me? Oh, yeah. What would you like? A revolver. Would you like to sit down? Thank you. Do you think.. Christine... I'm sorry, go ahead. Christine tells me you have a very interesting job. Yeah, well, I guess. If you like football. Oh, I do, my husband got me interested. He was a big football fan. I'm sorry. Not that he was a fan, that he... no longer can enjoy the game the way he used to. Would you like to have some cheese log? No, thanks. I'm sorry if ]ll seem nervous. I guess I'm a little rusty at dating. So am I. Yeah, but you've got a really good excuse. (CHUCKLES) I think you're doing very well. I'm lucky to be getting back into dating with someone like you. You seem very easy to talk to. Yeah, well, talking is something... (GIBBERING) Football... (STAMMERS) You know, you talk a lot with young... It comes easy for me. How are we doing? Oh, great. I think we're getting along very well. So where are we gonna go to dinner? Well, I let Marion choose and her favorite restaurant is a little place on Hennepin Avenue called Zorba's. I hope everybody likes Greek. Love it. Oh, yeah! (CHRISTINE SINGING) Hey, Christine, do you have a glass that doesn't have flowers on it? You know, I need an Alka-Seltzer. Is your stomach still upset? I told you I hate Greek food. You didn't even try any last night. All you had were olives. Yeah, well, I must have had 60 of them. I feel like I have Telly Savalas in my stomach. I have no sympathy for you, Hayden. And by the way, where is that apology you owe me? You said that last night was going to be a disaster. It was a big success. What big success? All we did was sit and stare at each other for three hours. That's all you did. The rest of us talked and had a very good time. Well, my idea of a good time is not sitting there listening to Marion tell us about her trip to Athens while some guy in adress plays Never on Sunday over, over and over again. Out in the hall. Right. Boy, Hayden, even when you're obviously wrong, you won't admit it. Well, I don't think I'm wrong. I know a great date when I see one. And Luther did not have a great date. (SINGING) Hi. What? Wow! Luther. What about Luther? Marion had a sleepover and Luther was invited. What? Yeah. Yeah, I just saw Luther coming out of Marion's apartment to get her paper. He wasn't wearing anything but slacks and a smile. Wow, that didn't take long. Well, I can't believe it. I mean, they have one dinner and then spend the night together? Who does that? We did that. Okay, Christine, nitpick. The point is, now Luther's going to be goo-goo all over the merry widow and I'm gonna have to suffer for it. Thank you very much, Christine. I don't have anything to feel guilty about, Hayden. I said they were going to hit it off and they did. I'm happy, and you should be happy. Well, I'm not happy. I'm having the worst weekend of my life. What the hell have I got in my mouth? Baklava. Well, that's just great. That should go well with the cheese log and all the olives. No wonder Socrates poisoned himself. He probably couldn't stand the food anymore! Ah. Here you go, Coach. Thank you, Daub. God, it's great to eat real American food again. Oh, and there's something I wanted to run by you, Coach. You know how Kelly and Stuart are trying to get the room that's available at my house? Yeah. Last night was the vote by the selection committee, and we got a little problem. They turned them down? Not exactly. They're split. They all seem to like Kelly a lot, but they didn't really take to Stuart. Really, Daub? Nine football players don't like a mime? Yeah. Well, anyway, they decided to leave it up to me. So I just wanted to know how you felt about it. I'm on the fellows' side, I like Kelly, I can't stand Stuart. No, I meant about what I should do. Well, you know, I know that Stuart and Kelly need a lot more space. It sounds like to me if they do move in, they're gonna be giving Stuart a pretty rough time. I think so. Well, then, let's do it. Oh, there you are, we've been looking everywhere for you. Hi, Dad. Hi, hon. So tell us, please, We are dying to hear. Are we in or out? You're in. BOTH: All right! Yay! (EXCLAIMS) Oh, thank you, Dauber! Oh, boy, nine new friends! This is great. Thanks, roomie. All right, come on, let's get our stuff together. Oh! Hope we're doing the right thing. Oh, I think we did, Daub. I'll see you later. Yeah. (PHONE RINGING) Coach here. It's me. I'm just calling to tell you I don't think you have anything to worry about. What do you mean? I don't know if you've talked to Luther yet. But Marion just told me that even though the two of them had a wonderful weekend, that's all there was to it. Are you sure? Positive. They both just needed a little companionship. Trust me, there's no way a relationship is going to come out of this. Well, that is a relief. I thought you'd be pleased. Well, I mean, you're the one who should be pleased. You were right. It was no big deal. I owe you an apology. Then let's hear it. That was it. I'll see you this weekend. Boy, Hayden, I want to thank you and Christine again for fixing me up with Marion this weekend. I don't know when I've felt more comfortable with somebody. Oh, man, you sure looked comfortable Sunday morning. Tell me, what do you think of this? You're not gonna believe this, Luther, but I hope that's for me. Nope. Marion. If you don't need me this morning, I'm gonna run up to Minneapolis and give it to her. No, wait a minute! Are you crazy? I knew you'd say that. Of course I'd say that. You just met her. But you weren't with us all weekend, Hayden. I never thought I'd meet anybody in my life I felt so right with. Oh, yeah? What about Doris, Naomi, Rowena? Oh, come on, Hayden. Back then I was still trying to find myself. When I was with Rowena I was what? 43? I'm at the age now where I can't dilly-dally. My mind's made up. I'm marrying Marion. No wait, wait, wait, Luther. I mean... What if she hasn't made up her mind? I mean, what if she says no? I know you, you're gonna be devastated. Hayden, I won't be devastated. I may mope around here for three or four years, but I'll bounce back. Bye. Hayden, what are you doing? I have to get to the studio. You're not leaving, Christine. We have a problem. What are you talking about? Luther is on his way here to propose to Marion. Oh, my God, no! Oh, yeah, he's gone crazy. He's gone nuts. I mean, he's bought a ring and everything. How could this happen? 'Cause you meddled. See, now you're gonna have to fix it. How can I fix it? You get Marion on the blower there and get over here pronto. Luther is right behind me. Come on, I passed him on the highway. It's a good thing he hasn't got his transmission fixed or I never would've beaten him. Oh. Marion? Christine. Could you come over for a second? Great. Oh, she's going to be so upset. How do you think Luther's gonna feel? He's gonna have his head in the oven. Hayden... Yeah, come on, quick, quick, quick. What is going on? Tell her. There's a problem with Luther. It seems he had an even better time this weekend than you did. Yeah, he's on his way here to propose to you. Oh, no. He had a much better time than I did. Now listen, Luther is my best friend, okay? A very sensitive guy. I just don't want to see him hurt. Neither do ll. What do you want me to do? You wouldn't consider marrying him, would you? Hayden! What? She could do worse! Oh, Hayden! This is insanity. Well, it's all we've got! If I misled Luther, I'm genuinely, sorry. I'm glad that you told me this so I have a few minutes to get my thoughts together before... (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Oh, God. Is that him? Yeah, that's him. Okay, what are we gonna do? Well, Marion is going to talk to him. And you and I are going to go into the kitchen and wait in the hall. Right. Hey, one minute. Listen, just let him down easy, huh? If you gotta let him down easy, just make it quick. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) There you are. What are you doing in there? I was watering Christine's plants. Do you wanna to come in? Yeah. This is a nice surprise. ...It's so ironic that you would drop by, because I was going to call you today. You were? Yes. I just wanted to tell you again what a wonderful, wonderful time I had this weekend. I'm glad to hear you say that, because... In fact, it was so wonderful, it was scary. Yeah, I know what you mean. Well, what do you mean? Well, wonderful as it was, I was thinking this morning how it's just been a year since Bill died, and it scared me a little how fast we seemed to be going. And not that I didn't help that along, I did. But I just wanted to make sure that we were both clear about how each of us was feeling. Well, I know I'm clear on how I'm feeling. I think I'm clear on how I'm feeling, too. I have a feeling we're not feeling the same thing. How do you think it's going? Well, I think Luther's having his guts handed to him on a platter. Well, I have a lot of faith in Marion. I'm sure she'll find a gentle way to handle this. You know, Christine, I just hope you're satisfied, because everything I said would happen has happened. You now owe me the biggest apology in the history of apologies. I know I do. I'm sorry. Oh, dig deeper, cookie. I hope you understand it's not you. Sure, I understand. I can't say I'm not crushed beyond belief, but at least you kept me from making a fool out of myself. I guess this whole dating thing is just not a good idea for me. Oh, Luther, I don't think you realize what a valuable commodity you are. A man your age, single, attractive, healthy, earning a good living. Do you know how many women my age are dying to meet a man like you? How many? Six in my bridge club alone. Seriously? Probably another dozen at my church. That's 18. Probably another four or five in this building. 18 and 4... And I don't know how many more at my ballroom dancing class. Could you find out? I am more sorry than any human being has ever been or ever will be from now until the end of time. I am more sorry than any human being has... Hayden, what are you doing here? I'm painting the hall. What do you think? How did it go in there? Well, it didn't go the way I wanted, but it worked out okay. I was just explaining to Luther what a hot property he is. Yeah. Marion's going to have a party next weekend and introduce me to a whole room full of women. Well, isn't that nice? I thought we were going fishing next weekend. I am, but not with you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 