The Storyteller: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Storyteller 
 s1e5 - The Soldier and Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Storyteller (1987–1989): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Soldier and Death - full transcript 
 An honest soldier receives a ruby whistle, a comparable dance, an unbeatable deck of cards and a magic sack for being kind to three beggars. He defeats a bunch of devils by playing cards and catches them in his sack when they refuse to pay up. Years later, the last devil pays his debt by showing the Soldier a way to tell if sick people have a chance of recovering or not. After a successful career as a miracle doctor, the soldier manages to trick Death itself and trap it in his sack. From then on nobody died. But people were not meant to live forever and soon tired old men and women beg the soldier to set Death free and put things right. However, Death refused to take the soldier, dooming him to roam the Earth forever. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Cawing] [Storyteller] When people told themselves their past with stories, explained their present with stories, foretold the future with stories, the best place by the fire was kept for... [Clinks] The storyteller. Hmm. [Sniffing] What's in your bag? I can smell biscuits. Imagination. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let me see. Certainly not. There are important things in this bag. And besides, I need those biscuits for my story. [Growling] Well, tell your story, then we can eat them. Is it an old story? Ancient. Antique. Oh, stale biscuits then, ugh. It begins a 1000 miles from anywhere, after 20 years of war, with a soldier, an honest soul, with nothing but a shilling in his pocket and 3 dry biscuits for the long trudge home. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This was his regiment: The royal hussars. Oh, yes, a 1000 miles the soldier marched, whistling his tuneless whistle. And he spent his shilling and was down to the 3 dry biscuits, when one day, he comes across an old beggar. Âª[whistling tunelessly] And the soldier stopped and joined in with the beggar's fiddle. The one couldn't fiddle, the other couldn't whistle, and quite happy they both were. Ha, ha, a merry tune. Is it worth a farthing? More, though I can give you nothing. I do have a biscuit you can have. Then you're a good man, father, and I'll thank you. Go on, eat. Hmm, you're a good man who deserves a better whistle. And off the soldier went and took up with his tuneless tune, but funny peculiar and strange indeedie, he had a whistle like... Âª[storyteller whistles] Well, imagine what rubies would sound like if they whistled. He kept it up all the way down the road, until he met another old boy, down on his luck and worn at the edges. And this old man, he played one, he played knick-knack on his drum. And the soldier stood and whistled his Ruby whistle, and did a little jig in his weary boots, a stumble and a-hopping. And then he swaps a 2nd biscuit, and now look at his dance! Âª[whistling] Oh, yes, a fine terpsichore, good as new, a skip and a hop down the road. At length he comes to a 3rd old soak, worn to a whisper and playing a game of cards by the road. And the soldier looks as the fellow shuffled the pack, and dealt out the cards one after the other, a perfect hand, and gave him a huge clap. A splendid game. Worth a farthing? More, though I have nothing to give you. Now, the soldier had but a single biscuit in his bag, and he was hungry as heck, so he thought on it. But I have a biscuit you can share with me. And the soldier held out his last dry biscuit and broke it in 2, but it didn't feel good, did it, dearies, to give the old boy less than the others, so he gave him both halves. You're a good man, and deserve more luck than to be on your last biscuit. Here, take my cards, your honor, and may they never lose for you. Take this sack also, an ugly thing, but remarkable. Order a bird in or a beast, or anything you like, and it will be there in a twinkle. And off he went, a skip and a whistle and a light heart, and an empty sack, and walked a warm night and a bright day, and came to a river. [Soldier] Geese! Hoy! Get in my sack. [Honking] Âª[soldier whistling] That's a nice whistle. I got it off a poor soul down on his luck. Home from the war, are you? Aye. With a sack full of spoils. No. Ha. This is 3 geese I trapped yesterday. I want one for my supper. If you'll cook it for me and give me a bed, you can have the other 2 for your trouble. I like a nice bird. Be sure to bring back the sack. And the landlord roasted him the goose in clove and honey, and brought it back with a bottle of best wine, and the soldier ate it all and sucked the bones, and drank the wine, and danced until the morning, when he sank, swam, flopped into bed. 3 days later, he woke up and looked out of the window. And there on the hill, he saw a palace. I thought I heard you. Slept well, soldier? Not bad. Not bad. Whose palace is that? And why are the windows all smashed? That's the tsar's palace. Was once a place of waltzes and chandeliers and fabulous parties. Now the devils have it for their card games. Devils?devils. Every night they tumble in and scream and shout and play at cards. No decent folk go near, they are so devilish. That's a nice palace. Someone should deal with those devils. An army tried. In the morning, there was nothing left but shadows. And that's the truth. These are devilish devils and gamblers too. I think I'll take a closer look. That's folly. Folly or not, the soldier goes, sack on his shoulder, whistle on his lips, into the palace. Âª[soldier whistling] And inside it's very quiet, as if the walls were holding their breath... And waiting. [Rattling] [Chiming] [Fluttering] [Wind howling] [Hissing] [Devil Richard] We have a visitor. [Devil John] A guest. [Devil Marcus] And he's whistling. [Devil Mike] That's a nice whistle. I want to have it. Hello. [All] Hello! [All laughing] I hear you like a game of cards. [Devils cackling] So... What shall we play for? His soul? His whistle. His teeth. I collect teeth. Fair enough. And what will you stake? We've got 40 barrels of gold. Any good? Very good. [Devils laughing] Fetch the coffers. [Devils chattering] Good. Let's play then. And with that they settled down to business. The soldier dealt the cards, and won. [Laughing] My round, I think. [Grunting] And won again. [Devils groaning] Is he cheating? Well, I am. And I'm still losing. Me, too. Deal again. Certainly. And he did, and he won, and the devils got into the kind of fume only devils can get in. Fume. Fume. Fume. He won game after game, while the devils cheated to high heaven and low hell, to no avail. By the first bells of morning, the 40 barrels of gold were stacked behind the chair of the soldier who whistled as he won. [Bell chiming] Well, my friends, I suppose we'd better call it a day. No, we will not. We will call it a breakfast and you the meal! First make sure who eats whom. [Devils exclaim] What do you call this? [Devils] It's a sack. It's a sack. Just a sack. Is it? Then by the grace of god, get in it! [Devils roaring] [Devils chattering] [Devils groaning] [Devils screaming] More? [Devils] No, no, no! Have mercy! Let us out and we promise never to come back. Will that be the end of your mischief in these parts? Let us out, please. We're bashed to bits. [Devils shouting] Hey! Let me go! Let me go! I won't let you go, my boy, until you swear to serve me faithfully. I swear, I swear. I'll hold you to your promise. [Devil grunts] Hey! My foot's come off! That's right. Now off you go and remember where you left it. The devils rushed to hell and slammed shut the doors for fear of being followed by the soldier and his sack. And they trembled and quivered and fumed, fumed, fumed. But the soldier had no time for devils, he was the toast of the town and the star of the tsar. Howsoever life smiles on us, the last laugh is reserved for death. Oh, yes, everything is dandy with our friend, the good soldier and his magic sack. Rewarded by the tsar, he's a rich gentleman now, a husband and a father. Lives in the castle. Blessed, caressed and couldn't be better, until one day, because fate is fickle, one day, because fortune is cruel, his son falls into a terrible fever. He's worse. And they calls for quacks and apothecaries and healers, and soon the boy's room is full with grey beards and shaking of heads. But still the fever rages and the boy passes into a swoon. And, oh, dear, the grey beards are replaced by priests, mumbling and praying. And a man in black comes to measure a coffin. Oh, what shall we do? My lips are sore with praying and my knees are weary of kneeling. And I have lost my whistle from worrying. It's the very devil, I say. The very devil. Now where the devil's that devil of mine? I'm here, your excellency. Where've you sprung from? Not so much sprung, as hopped, sir. You have my foot. Cure my son and you can have it back. This is my good wife, by the way, and this is my devil. Mmm, how do you do? How do you do? Yes, I saw your son was ill. Let me have a look at him. [Mumbling] Look in here, your excellency. [Soldier] I see a small creature. [Devil] That's death, excellency. Where does he stand? At my son's feet. Ah, good. He will recover. It's when he comes to the head you must worry. Now, sprinkle some of the water from the glass on your child. [Gasps] [Wife laughing] You're a marvel. Well, we do our best. Could I have my foot back then? Most certainly. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. Uh, will there be anything else, sir? Give me that glass and I will release you from your promise. Really? Oh, thank you. Hmm, quite nice, black flowers. And so the soldier set up in his new trade as miracle man, and traveled the world on a camel with his magic glass. Show him a sick man and he would hold up the glass. If death sat at the foot of the bed, a quick splish-splash and up the invalid would sit pouring out blessings. If death stood staring, at the other end, the soldier would shake his head solemnly and depart. And the relatives would mutter "what a pity he came too late" and pay him all the same. But as often as not he left with all happy and amazed and praising him. And it went well for the soldier until one day, far from anywhere, he gets a message from home to say the old tsar has fallen ill and sends for him. I've come too late. You save beggars and thieves and cats and dogs. Yet you won't save your master. If death needs a new friend... I cannot fight him. Then let me go in his place. No. The tsar has been my friend and father. If anyone should go, it should be me. Sir, take me and spare the tsar, I beg you. Praise be! [Attendants] Praise be, praise be. [Bell chiming] Oh, husband, is it all up with you? [Soldier] Do you know what this is? A sack. Well, if this is a sack, then get in it! [Screaming] I caught death in my sack! Wife! Do you see? I've caught death in my sack! What about that, eh? Good, eh? Death, a prisoner. The news, whispered from one of the tsar's 50 wives to the other, spread through the town as fast as gossip, which is what it was and nothing spreads faster, and within 4 and a half minutes the whole town knew, and within 17 minutes the whole country knew, and by the following morning, it was the talking point of a 1,000 languages. Death, a prisoner. Morte UN prigionero. Tod ein gefanger! Smird ooznitzen! I forgot the Greek. Ekhmalotisame ton thanato! Exactly. And the soldier, to be on the safe side, set off with death in his sack and found the thickest forest and the highest tree, and clambered up it and hung death from the longest branch and promptly fell off. But there's nothing like death off-duty to cushion a fall. So nothing died? Nothing. The oddest battles! There were wars going on in most places and they were very strange. At the end of a day's carnage, flashing swords and explosions, the air thick with arrows and the savage swoosh of axes, nobody had died. The armies would look at each other, exhausted and intact. Duels at dawn went on till midnight when the rivals would go home confused. Crossed lovers would throw themselves off cliffs and have a long climb back. And my friend the soldier was the most famous man in the world because suddenly, everyone could live for ever. He sat in his palace and whistled his Ruby whistle. Âª[soldier whistling] And then, one day, looking down from his window, he sees his courtyard full of poor souls wandering, old scrags of folk barely held together. They were waiting, waiting for death, for death's release and it would not come. And the soldier could not bear their sorrow. Back he went to the forest. [Birds chirping] Death? I've led you a merry dance, but now you must have me and set the world to rights. [Wind howling] Death, come back. But death had fear of the soldier and his sack and would not come back. He was condemned to watch while others aged and died, but death would not come for him. No, the soldier, old kipper, dried beef, lived on and on and on, until he could stand it no longer, and dragged his dust and fragments across to the edge of the earth and slowly down to hell. [Knocking on door] Yes? A sinful soul comes to surrender his life. Yes. What's that you're carrying? Nothing, an old sack. A sack? [Screams] Let me in. I beg you. Go away! Go on! And take that horrible sack with you! But where can I go? We don't care, just jigger off. I won't go unless you give me a map to heaven and a way in. And 200 souls you have no further use for. [Devil muttering] 150. Do you know what this is? Don't wave that sack around! All right, 200. Yuck! Follow the map until you can go no further and then go directly up until you get the sensation of standing on your head. That's the edge of heaven. After that, follow the church music. Âª[organ playing] Who approaches the gates of heaven? I am the soldier who took death prisoner, and I have brought 200 souls from hell in the hope that god will forgive me, and let me in with them. The souls may enter, but alone. Go then and be blessed. Take this, friend, and once inside, call me into the sack. Remember, I delivered you from the furnace. But you see, there is no memory in heaven. Souls forget. The soldier waited and waited, an inch from paradise. Until after a long time, forgotten, he turned and walked slowly back to earth. And for all I know, he wanders still. So sad. No, he is a rare boy, my friend the soldier. He's somewhere, about his business. You sure? Come on, you can have your biscuit. [Sighs] [Sniffing] Do you know what this is? A sack. Well, if it's a sack, then get in it! Just checking. [Mumbling] Hmm? [Grunts] [Sighs] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 