Dolly Parton's Heartstrings: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dolly Parton's Heartstrings 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dolly Parton's Heartstrings (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Well, here I am at the Showstreet Palace Theater at Dollywood. Thus, the Hollywood glam. The showgirl glam I should say. Hollywood, Dollywood. Well, that's all the same to me. You know, when I was growing up here in the Great Smoky Mountains my family couldn't afford to go to the theater, and it was years before we even owned a television. So, when I was just a little bitty thing, I started writing songs that told stories about people that I would have liked to see up there on the big screen. Now, for me, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 writing songs is like making my own little movies with my guitar. Now, one of the characters I wrote about was a real mountain woman named Bones. And many years ago, I wrote a song about her called "These Old Bones." Now, she lived alone up in the mountains and she carried around a pouch filled with animal and bird bones. Now, they'd tell her things, kind of like reading tea leaves. And she could see things that regular people couldn't see. Well, she had the gift of clairvoyance. Why, she even told me once that I was anointed. I didn't know what that word meant, but she said it meant that I was going to do big things someday, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and that I had a special gift that I needed to share with the world. And I took that serious. And I'm humbled that she was right. And now, bringing things full circle, I get to share her emotional journey with you. So, gather around with your family and enjoy my story of "These Old Bones." ♪ These old bones will tell your story ♪ ♪ These old bones will never lie ♪ ♪ These old bones will tell you surely ♪ ♪ What you can't see with your eye ♪ ♪ These old bones, I shake and rattle ♪ ♪ These old bones, I toss and roll ♪ - ♪ And it's all in where they scatter ♪ - Move. ♪ Tells you what the future holds ♪ - Keep up, new boy. - Sorry. Come on. This ain't no sightseeing trip. We got work to do. ♪ Oh, she lived upon the mountain ♪ ♪ Eleven miles or so from town ♪ ♪ With a one-eyed cat named Wink ♪ ♪ A billy goat and a bluetick hound ♪ Hmm. Hmm. Huh. Those buckshot holes came from her side. She really means business. You fixing to turn back? Just pointing it out. She don't need a shotgun anyways, she's a witch. Bluetick hound, a couple of goats and a one-eyed cat that always watch kids like us 'til she cast a spell on 'em. I'd be more afeared of her magic if'n I was you. Come on. ♪ Some called her witchy woman ♪ ♪ Some said she was insane ♪ ♪ Some said she was a prophet ♪ ♪ Still everybody came ♪ Wow, you weren't kidding. I've never seen one that big before. Sorry. It's gonna make some jack-o'-lantern. Yeah. Me and Buddy will do the dirty work. You stay and guard the shack. Well? Should I sell to that big timber outfit or not? Well, these here bones are telling me there's hard times ahead for those who sell. Look, I don't make no future happen. I just tries to help everybody. What is it, Blue? Run! Run! Off my land, you little pecker woods! Or I'll catch you, and I'll eat you for Halloween! Ha! May be a little unusual, Henry, but I think we have the perfect associate for this matter. She was actually born and raised in that region. - She? - Hear me out. UVA law school. Top third of her class, ambitious, hard worker, smart. Holds our own here. I don't know, Noah. That's why I want you to meet her. You asked to see me, Mr. Heatherly. Genevieve, I'd like you to meet Henry Sullivan, President of Mountainside Land & Timber Company. Pleasure, sir. Longtime clients are very special. - How do you do? - Please. I'd like to be... very direct, Miss... Carson. Practicing law is not like riveting B-52s on some factory floor. God willing, all our boys will be home soon. - Perhaps if we wait a while... - Respectfully, sir, I'd suggest not. Oh? And why would that be? Mountainside is trying to buy property in Rockdale County to expand, correct? I've studied your paperwork, and waiting will only make it more difficult to acquire the land you want. So, you would also be aware then that this mountain lady, who fancies herself some kind of a fortune-teller, has become an obstacle to our business interests. Bones. And she will continue to talk more neighbors out of selling their land the longer you wait. - You know her? - By reputation. She's an east-sider in my hometown. Hmm. We'd prefer to settle this out of court, but we are considering a civil lawsuit. Understood. But there is also the matter of fraud. Fraud? - Talking about the fortune-telling thing. - Exactly. Winning our lawsuit on those additional grounds would make her vulnerable to criminal charges of witchcraft. The county still has statutes on the books. Pretty good leverage for settling out of court, I'd say. So, you have no apprehension about returning to your hometown to settle this matter? I know these people, Mr. Sullivan. They do not trust outsiders. But I am ready, willing, and uniquely able to take care of this matter promptly on your behalf. Just say the word. Oh. Hey, save some of that sugar for me. Oh. Oh, baby, we've missed you so. I like what you've done with your hair. Has it been that long? Yeah. Wish you'd come around more often. Well, with the war and work, I have to be twice the man just to hold my ground, you know. Mmm. We're just glad your home. Even if it took a meeting to get you here. Now, what's that all about, anyhow? Well... you know that old woman who lives on the mountain out past the eastside, Bones? - Are you talking about Miss Mary? - Oh, that's her. I remember they used to tell stories about her in school, called her a witch. - Oh. - What about her? Well, it seems she's been advising her neighbors not to sell their land to our client. No harm in that, is there? Free country. Well, it's holding up Mountainside's expansion plans. I intend to settle it with her. You know, it could be a big boost to Danville's economy. Maybe folks like it as it is. I don't wanna argue about it. They just want me to talk to her. There's no reason why we can't come to a reasonable accord. Oh, there's my suitcase. One with the blue ribbon. Thanks, Daddy. I'm glad you're here. Come on, son, let's go. What if she shoots at us? We duck. She's really scary, maybe even a witch, and I'm not lying, Daddy. I don't care if she's a six-headed monster, you're still gonna go in there, apologize and make amends. A man takes responsibility for his actions. Now, get it moving, son. Howdy, ma'am. My name is Landon Rayfield and this is my bo... This is my boy Jonah. Sorry to bother you, but he's got something he'd like to say. S... Sorry. I don't think she heard you, son. I... I'm sorry, ma'am. For being the lookout. 'Cause it wasn't me trying... trying to steal your pumpkin. You boys like pumpkin pie? Come on in, sit yourself down. Let's see what I have left. Had enough pumpkin to make a pie and then some. Make yourself comfortable. Here we go. Now. This toad sticker... was given me by Lester Sell. Yeah, when I warned him about a crop killing frost. Yeah. Comes in mighty handy at times. You a hunter? Oh, Lord, no. I'd rather starve than kill one of God's creatures. What about chickens? They's chickens. You ever shoot a chicken? Well, me neither. No, as long as you bless them before you wring their neck, it's all right with the Lord. Mind the buckshot. We do appreciate your hospitality, ma'am, but the real reason we're here is because, well, Jonah would like to try to make things right. Well, let me think on that a bit. I suppose, I've got about a... weeks' worth of chores around the place. I need me a new "no trespassing" sign. Mine got a might shot up. Can you print good? Well, if... if I have to. You have to. It's a good thing you done, bringing your boy up here. Now, do I look like a witch to you? Uh... N... No, ma'am. Well, then I appreciate it, I'd be obliged if you would pass it along to the other little weevils. Alls I ever try and do is help people. Well, I assure you he will. You know, ever since old Shelby passed, folks in town been saying we need a new lawyer. I reckon you'll do. Now, how'd you know? Shouldn't we have to be going now, Daddy? - Hold on, Jasper. - Jonah. Come this Saturday, I'll have a list of chores ready and waiting for you. He'll be here. Thank you, ma'am. And, uh, since I'm relatively new in town, I'm wondering if you might have some advice for me. Well, tend to your car. I'll be danged if that front right tire of yours will hold up for more than three days. Looks fine to me. Be glad when they start making cars again instead of tanks. It's like returning to high school. I can't believe you haven't turned this into a home office yet. Your mama still won't let me touch it. You know, this Bones thing... - I hope you can settle it quick, is all. - Look. I get it. Don't be the big-city girl who returns to her little hometown to stir up trouble. - No... - Trust me. I'm not going to rock the boat. I'll handle it. Hmm. Hmm. ♪ These old bones will tell your story ♪ ♪ These old bones will never lie ♪ ♪ These old bones will tell you surely ♪ ♪ What you can't see with your eye ♪ Hmm. ♪ These old bones, I shake and rattle ♪ ♪ These old bones, I toss and roll ♪ ♪ And it's all in where they scatter ♪ ♪ Tells you what the future holds ♪ Hey, Abby. Ooh. Ooh. Mmm. Genny, honey, supper's almost ready. I need a few minutes, Mama, I'll be down soon. We have just learned that the German 7th Army assigned to hold the Allied troops at the beach head has suffered a major setback in this latest attack. Alka-Seltzer... Howdy. I wondered if you might have a car jack I could borrow? I got a flat tire and mine's gone who knows where. I must've picked up a nail or something. Look, this isn't my car. There isn't even a trunk to put a jack in. I don't... Hop in. I'll drop you. So, uh, what brings you out this way? - Business. - Oh, great. Can always use more of that on this side of the tracks. Just moved here, a month back. What does your wife think of it here? Well, we lost her to polio, 14 months ago. I'm sorry. Harder on my boy, I think. Caught him harassing an old mountain lady he took to be a witch. Well, are you talking about Bones? You know her? Know of her? I'm on the way to meet her now, as a matter of fact. Oh, is that right? Well, my boy and I just paid her a visit. Have your fortune told? No, not by design. You know exactly how I can find her place? Yeah, it, uh... Take the left fork on the cutout just past town, then up the mountain. You're fixing to have your fortune told? Not by design. You can just drop me off up there at the left at the feed store. I'll get someone from work to take me back to my car later. Well, thank you kindly. I'll be seeing you. Well, maybe. Oh, forget the shoes. Just come on in. I'm Genevieve Carson. I know. The letter writer. Genevieve. It's such a lovely name. It suits you. Good of you to see me, Miss Shaw. Oh, call me Bones. Most folk do. Well, I apologize, I'm a little late. I don't keep no clocks. That, uh, rocking chair there is just aching for company. Hmm. Uh, would you like somemugwort tea? It's good for whatever ails you. I... I plant it myself. That would be nice, thank you. Oh, now, Blue! Blue! Blue! Out. Out. Get. I'm sorry about that. I've got it all ready for you. - Yum. - That's quite a tea pot. It was given me by this New York dandy, who came all the way down here to find out what my bones had to say about his business. They come from all over. Well, as I said in my letter, we would like to buy your property. But it's your immediate neighbors that Mountainside Land & Timber Company is concerned about. That's why they retained our law firm. How about that. A lady lawyer. - Hmm. - Isn't that something? Isn't that something, Wink? Seems to me... we both outsiders. Ah, careful not to burn yourself. Would you like some honey? Mmm. Please. Now... about your property. Well, you just don't waste any breath, do you? Mountainside is prepared to buy your land for twice what we're offering your neighbors for their property. That don't seem fair. Well, it's something of a bonus for your cooperation. On the condition that you desist. In other words, stop with your readings. Do you... Do you understand? You is a beauty. Hmm. Oh, I suppose you're told that all the time, but I tell you, those eyes be enough to turn a man to salt. Uh, thank you. But is it... is it clear what I'm proposing, Miss Shaw? And that hair, just enough blonde to... to tease ya. Oh, my, my, my. And Mountainside would like you to stop advising your neighbors not to sell their properties to them. Oh, it's not me saying. No, I just... I just read the bones. It's the bones that are talking. Well, whether it's the bones or you or old Wink over there, ...you have to stop or else Mountainside... When I tell you that Mountainside is prepared to file a civil lawsuit against you that could have grave consequences. You get them headaches? - You know the ones where the light... - Miss Shaw, please. Well, that tea's right good for it. So, you do get them. Miss Shaw, I know what you're doing. But everybody gets headaches, and... right now you are setting yourself up for a big one. Oh, how'd that be? If this suit goes to court and you lose, your property will be sold to pay damages. Not to mention, you could be convicted in criminal court for witchcraft, because of the fraud you're perpetrating as a so-called clairvoyant. I ain't no fraud. We don't want to go to court. We would much prefer to settle this matter here and now. I brought the paperwork with me. Miss Shaw... please don't force my client to do something we will both regret. I ain't worried. I know you'll do right by me. Is there nothing I can say or do to make you stop this activity? Well, I can't turn my back on people who need help. That wouldn't be right, would it? I'm sorry to hear that. I truly am. Look, why don't I leave this paperwork here with you. Just in case you choose to reconsider. Oh, well, that's mighty kind, but my mind's made up. Very well. Thank you for the tea. Lord... help me find the right path. I know you will. Thanks, again. Mmm. Oh, the light. Are you all right, Genny? We could hear you from our room. It's another migraine, that's all. It'll be fine now. - Have you been to the doctor like I wrote? - Hmm, I did. I'll be fine. I know how to treat it now. Mmm, I don't know, sugar. It's this career way of life you chose. I think you're working too hard. Good night, Mama. You can close the door. Okay. Good night, baby. Mmm. Scared a smile might bust your face open? No, ma'am. You need to loosen up, boy. You ever sing? Church. I'll bet you mumble more than sing. It might help you get rid of some of this anger you're toting around. You don't know what's inside me. You saying I'm wrong? Hmm. Anyway, I'm no good at singing. The Lord loves music. Doesn't matter how bad you sound. It's good for the soul. Mmm. My mama used to sing in the church choir. That so? Didn't help her none. Let's see that sign of yours. All right. Well, now, if I recall correctly, um, "trespassing" has two S's on its haunches. Dang it all. But you were distracting me. So, you gonna make me do it over now? Nah, leave it be. Scarier that way. Might scare off more of the witch hunters. Look, I know you ain't know witch, but what would you call yourself? Well... you know your Bible, boy? These prophets running all through it, some that tell of what's to come, what will be, some of what was. I is like a prophet. Hmm. Well, can you teach me how to be a prophet? I could, but it wouldn't do any good. Seeing is a gift of God. Only a few of us have it. Why? Got to be perfect or something to get a gift like that? Lord, no. We's all flawed. Some of us more badly than others. Come on. Let's go hang that sign of yours. Well, now that you've done that, I'll just add a little buckshot. Juice it up a little more, huh? Hey, Sheriff. Wh... You ain't supposed to be out here 'til, what, Monday week. Fear this is business, Miss Mary. Don't trespassing have two S's on its end? Oh, we won't let on. What business? This here is a summons and complaint that I'm supposed to serve you with. Huh? - You is being sued, Miss Mary. - Sued? What for? That Mountainside Land & Timber bunch has filed a civil lawsuit against you with the court. Well, you just turn yourself back around. Tell 'em, I ain't interested. Don't work like that. Well, here. You've been officially served. Well, what in the dadgum world is a person supposed to do with this? I'd get yourself a lawyer. Well, my daddy's mighty good at lawyering. I don't need your daddy or anyone else. They want a fight, they're gonna get one, but good. I'd listen to the boy if I was you, Bones. - Try to settle it before it gets to court. - Are you deaf, Billy Wade? I ain't settling nothing. And they gonna be sorry they stirred up this old rattler's nest. Now, I know better than to wrassle you over something like this. See you come Monday. Yeah. That's better. You were smart to get out of here while you could. Oh, we miss you though. - I miss you. - Oh. D'you hear? Grace married your old boyfriend, Lyman. They got twins. He took some shrapnel in France, and now he works for Forest Service. Really? Well, what happened to the family farm? Well, your dad had to foreclose on his papa's place during the Depression. Belle, more coffee. You want it poured on your lap, Curtis? Can't you see I'm reminiscing? Just drink your water. How is your daddy? Still trying to control your every move? Uh, even now, he can't help himself. Another good reason I had to get out of here. Honey, it is a man's world, and you gotta do what you gotta do to stand on it. Their game, their rules. Belle, I done finished my water. Put a cork in it, Curtis, I'm coming. As you lawyers say, I rest my case. That was one for the boys returning home from the front. Here's one I think you'll all enjoy. I know we certainly do. What in the world are you doing here, Alex? Mr. Sullivan sent me to help. To dig up dirt? I don't need your kind of help. This is a small matter. Not to Mr. Sullivan, it isn't. Mountainside has big plans here, and this old Bones character stands out like a dead tooth in the middle of a company smile. If you truly want to help... go back to Washington and inform your boss that I've already filed against Bones for intentional interference and fraud. - Mmm. - She doesn't even have a lawyer, which is likely to lead to a default judgment in our favor. And even if she gets a lawyer, the fear of a suit this size against a small-town attorney will force a settlement in our favor. Regardless, I believe in our system. And I believe in due process. So, when I win this case, it will be based on the law. It will not be based on wallowing in the mud with someone like you. Just wanna start everybody off on the right foot. Thank you, Belle. Belle. Beautiful name. Don't even think about it. You don't know what I'm thinking. I do know this. You're not wanted here. You're not needed here. I got this. So, you enjoy your biscuits. And go back to Washington, tell Mr. Sullivan I won't work with you. Mama made you some sweet tea. No kidding? How'd she get the sugar? Saved her stamps like a miser. Mmm. I love these old Smokies. Couldn't pry me out of here with a crowbar. Don't start on me. I sometimes wonder where you might be now if you hadn't worked that summer job in Charlottesville with that lawyer fella. Hoping I'd come back after college and marry Lyman? I don't think so. Not with your grit and spirit. Huh. Chester was more your type. Heard about Lyman today. What happened with his daddy's farm? Ah, sad story, Genny. We did our best to keep folks' lives intact during the Depression. But his daddy drank away every lick of grease we gave him. Sometimes in business you just have to make those rock-hard decisions. Don't I know it. Uh, take this Bones case for instance. Now, she's not a bad soul. Long time back, she went through some real hard times. And I saw to it that she could hang on to her family's place. And now my client is trying to get it. We were able to work things out. Maybe you can too. Anyway... ...I sure hope you can keep it out of court. Best for everyone. Now, I don't know what your son told you, but I don't need your help. I'm fine by myself. Well, the law can be tricky. Not like milking a goat. Oh, you think milking a goat's easy? Here. Wipe her teats. Look, if it's a cost that's bothering you, I was planning on doing this pro bono. Now, don't you get uppity with me. It just means that I work for free. Oh, I... I don't take charity from nobody, sonny. Well, then we can figure out a deal of some kind. Goat's milk for legal work. Oh, is that all your advice is worth? That, and maybe some eggs. There's that. And then, uh... Oh, Lord mercy. No, no, no, no. She's not a cow. She's a goat. One hand! And you don't tug neither. No,...you pinch and squeeze. Pinch and squeeze and roll on down. There you go. You're getting the hang of it. - Good. - Well, thank you. You helped me, now let me help you. What? No, no, no, my mind's made up. Those polecats are gonna wish they was roadkill when I finish with them. It is not up to you. What do you mean? Well... while I'm out here doing your chores, why don't you go on inside and ask those old bones of yours what they have to say about me representing you. Sounds fair enough? Keep milking. - Oh. - Whoa, whoa, whoa. You all right? These old bones are just... kind of taking more out of me than I'd like lately. I'll be fine soon enough. All right. So... what'd they tell you? You's my lawyer. Glad to hear it. I'll arrange a meeting with their attorney in the next day or so. How'd that be? Suits me. Tote in my milk. Oh. Dang it all. Morning, ma'am. You. I thought you worked out of town. Well, who knows? I may wind up there. Landon Rayfield, Miss Carson. Nice to officially meet you. Yes, well, an unexpected surprise. Hey there, gal. My, another surprise. Nice to see you again, Miss Shaw. Right back at you, hon. - She, uh, insisted on joining us. - Hmm. I gotta keep an eye on my shyster, don't you know? Make yourself at home. You know the, uh, floorboards are a little warped. - I can shove a matchbook under there. - Uh, no, it's okay. What are you working on? Oh, just something to keep myself out of trouble, yeah? - Can I offer you a Nehi soda? - I'm fine. Shall we get to it? You bet. I assume you brought me here to negotiate the settlement? I ain't selling. Nothing personal. But I wanna give your client an opportunity to withdraw the lawsuit. I beg your pardon? To take it all back, hon. And why would my clientagree to that? To avoid a countersuit. A countersuit? You are joking? On what grounds? Harassment and defamation of character. Well, I have a reputation to protect. And this thing is doing me no good, no how. There's a similar circumstance, a case which upheld defamation damages. I believe... - Owles v. Pittsburgh... - Pittsburgh Times. Pennsylvania. Irrelevant. Look, I appreciate your spunk, but... Oh, me too. That's why he got the job. Do you seriously expect to defend Miss Shaw by proving she's clairvoyant? What I'm hoping is that your client will have the good sense to withdraw the lawsuit so we can all shake hands. Then maybe you and I can have a friendly cup of coffee down the road. How is that? You do understand the stakes? No, does your client? I have a feeling those are pretty deep pockets. You go back to your bigshot boss, and you tell him if he don't pull back, he going to find himself hip-deep in cow dung. Miss Shaw, I think you are making an enormous mistake. Talk to your client. Let 'em think it over. But unless you reconsider, I reckon we'll see you in court. Well, she's awful pretty. Mmm. All right, now put one finger there and t'other just south of them frets, yeah. Now, press hard like you were squishing a bug. Now, strum. All right, good. Now, switch back to that first one I showed you and then practice going back and forth for a mite. Mmm. Hey, uh... you ever do readings for kids, Miss Mary? Never had a young'un ask me. Why? Well, uh, there's some stuff I'd like to know about the future. Like what? Well... Like if my daddy's ever gonna get married again? There... there are some things it's just better not knowing about ahead of time. Why? It just is. Take my word for it. Better that a tadpole not know he's gonna grow up into a frog until he gets there and he's ready for it. Oh, those will turn to shoe leather in no time. Now, let me teach me you one more chord. And then, uh, between 'em, we can pretty much play anything. Give it here. Oh! Oh. Oh, you all right? It's just a... a little spell, that's all. I better... I better just lie down. Lie down a while. Okay. Now, thank you. Help yourself to a lick of corn bread. I just need a... pinch of shut-eye. You look right nice, Miss Mary. Well, it don't hurt to polish up the old stewpot now and again. All rise. Rockdale County court is now in session. Judge Thaddeus Buckner presiding. You may be seated. Morning, y'all. Morning, judge. We're here to deal with the petition by the plaintiff and the counterclaim by the defendant. Both y'all ready? - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir. Alrighty, let's get to it. Miss Carson, you have an opening statement? Oh, do you mind if I can get in a word here, judge? I do mind, Miss Mary, now sit yourself back down. Well... Your attorney will have his chance when the time comes. Well, but I got something I want to say. I don't need him to say it for me. Well, I do need to say it for you. Counselor, you may resume. I ain't no fraud! If you don't behave, Miss Mary, I'm gonna have to remove you from the court. You understand? Yes, sir, judge. Counselor, you may resume. Your Honor. Gentlemen of the jury. We believe the evidence will show that Miss Mary Shaw has willfully and intentionally interfered with the business dealings between several Danville landowners on the eastside and my client, Mountainside Land & Timber, which has been trying legally and honorably to purchase the Danville property to expand Mountainside's legitimate business interests. Furthermore... Miss Shaw's influence and interference has been achieved through the fraudulent claims that she is a clairvoyant who can predict the future. I believe the evidence we will present in this court, through the testimony of those with whom she has dealt, will more than satisfy the burden of proof to find in our favor. Thank you. Mr. Rayfield. Gentleman. Thank you for your service. Well, here's all I have to say. Uh... There was no intentional interference. And what's more, she ain't no fraud. Period. Order. Order, please. You may call your next witness. Were you prepared to sell to Mountainside? - They's offering a lot of money. - Mm-hmm. Would it be fair to say you were more likely to sell than not? I suppose I was, yes. And after your meeting with Miss Shaw, did you make your decision? I... I figured to hold on to my place. Thank you, Mr. Wilkes. Hold on there, Milo. Questions, Mr. Rayfield? Yes, Your Honor. Morning to you, Mr. Wilkes. Now, can you tell the jury, did my client, Miss Mary... sitting over there crocheting something or other, did she invite you up to her place for this so-called meeting? No. I asked her if she'd do a reading for me. Brung her purple turnips to thank her. So, it was your idea not hers? That's right. One more thing, Mr. Wilkes. Do you believe that Miss Shaw can predict the future by reading her bones? Well, she done it for me. And for others before. She told old Jess Campbell about some green bugs... Objection, Your Honor. This is hearsay. - Right you are. - Well, I'll do the sustaining around here, counselor. Sustained. Just tell us an instance from your own experience. Well, there's the time she said there's a storm a-coming, I should get my crops in before it hit. That storm happen? It did. Got my crops harvested in time to beat it, too. Thank you, Mr. Wilkes. You're dismissed. You may call your next witness, Miss Carson. I wanted him to sell the land. We's dirt-poor and it didn't make sense to hang on. We'd have enough money, move into town and maybe he could even start up his garage. Ben was real good at mechanicals. Did you discuss this with him? We did and he agreed with me. I already made plans to move. Then what happened, Mrs. Jenkins? He come from seeing Bones, talking about it weren't no good idea. And did he tell you what Miss Shaw had said? Objection, Your Honor. He said there will be more hard times a-coming, - if we ain't hang on to what we got. - Hold on. When someone objects, you zip it till make my ruling. Clear enough? Objection sustained. And, jury, you are ordered to unring that bell. All right, you may resume, counselor. Mrs. Jenkins. Can you please tell the court why your husband is not here to testify today? He done run off with Mayella Lowell. Leaving me with two young'uns on a chunk of hard scrabble land that he still own, wherever in tarnation he is. And you bet I'm gonna find him. And when I do... Seems like you're already dealing with hard times. Oh, that's a fact. And I blame it all on her. Your witness. So, you don't believe in Miss Shaw's ability to read her bones, right, Mrs. Jenkins? That's right. Then can you tell the court why you yourself requested a reading from her before your second child was born? Well, I... I... I was having an awful time with sickness, and I was worried something was wrong with my baby. I thought she could tell me what was in store for me. I see. Because she could look into the future? Mrs. Jenkins? Everything turned out fine. Is that what she said the bones told her? She must have guessed right, is all I could say. Thank you, Mrs. Jenkins. What are you doing here? Saving your case. Everything you need is right in here. It's still early, Mr. Sullivan. We don't need this. It's your call. For now. But if there's even a shred of doubt, I don't want you to pull any punches tomorrow. I wanna be rid of her once and for all. Am I clear? Come in. I don't mean to disturb you. Oh, no, it's okay. I'm not... I'm not sleeping. Oh, bless your heart. Another one? I don't know what's going on. It got a little bit better when I left home, but lately the aura's more intense. The images are more vivid. All right. Here, lie down. Oh, how I've missed this. - Oh. - Mmm. Mmm. I'm worried about you, honey. For some reason, I don't feel good about this trial. - I'm prepared, but... - Do you have to go through with it? There's too much riding on it. My boss told me this is one case I cannot afford to lose. Women don't get cases like this. I have to win this for them. I have to win this for me. Well, I believe in you, baby. And I also put in a word with my prayer group. Mmm. ♪ This is my story ♪ ♪ This is my song ♪ ♪ Praising my savior ♪ ♪ All my life long ♪ ♪ This is my story ♪ ♪ This is my song ♪ ♪ Praising my savior ♪ ♪ All my life long ♪ Mmm. ♪ Just because a body's different ♪ ♪ Well, that don't make 'em mad ♪ ♪ They've crucified a many ♪ ♪ For the special gifts they've had ♪ Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth in this case under penalty of perjury, so help you, God? You betcha, bud. I wouldn't lie to a lizard on a hot rock. Let alone to you boys. Now, Miss Mary... yesterday the jury heard a lot of testimony from folks you've done readings for. Some believe, others don't. What are we to make of that? Well, I suppose I like a good yarn as much as anybody. We all do, but some things are true and others aren't. Can... can you help us sort this out? There's an old saying about a rooster who took credit for the sun coming up, but I don't take credit for anything. But you do know things ahead of time? Oh, Lord, yes. I know more secrets than there are mites on a coyote. But, uh... Well, I keep 'em to myself. Unless someone plain-out asks me. And why is that? I just figured, you know, there's no point in going around acting like you know stuff just because you might. So you don't offer any comments on the future unless a specific question is put to you? - That's right. - But people do come to you from all over the county and the state, and this country sometimes, am I right? They just show up at my door. I never turned anybody away. I just tries to help 'em best I can. Judging by their actions, would you say that they appreciate what you tell them? Well, not always. See, I can't lie. So, if the bones is saying something bad is happening... I mean, but... but they have to ask first. Would you say... Would you say that you had a gift? Truly. And why you in particular? I can't say. I suppose it, uh, runs in some families. My granddaddy on my mama's side, he done give me this old bag of bones and learned me how to read them when I was a young'un. I took to it right off. I suppose he knew that somehow I had the gift. And through the years, have you use this gift to tell people what to do or how to act? Oh, no, siree. I just tells 'em what the bones says. Well, what they decide to do with it is up to them. Can you understand why some people wouldn't believe that you have this gift? Makes no never mind. Some people don't believe in the Lord neither. I'm sure it don't bother Him none. Thank you. Your witness. Bring her down. If you lose this case, I'll see to it that no law firm in this country will ever hire you again. You must make your mama so proud. Nice of you to say, Miss Shaw. However, I am afraid I do have a few questions. Well, shoot, hon. But... But before we do, - can... can I just wet my whistle? - Of course. Ah, thank you. Now, go ahead, hon. Very well. Miss Shaw, you claim that you're able to tell the future, is that right? No, I don't make any claims, I just read what the bones tell me. Now, if you were to... to read a book out loud, you wouldn't make any claims about it, would you? We'll get back to that. Now, you told the court that you don't advise people one way or another, correct? That's right. You know this color would be just right for you. Don't you think? Sure. May we continue? Oh, yeah, go ahead. Now, you've said that you don't offer advice, but we've heard a number of witnesses testify that you told them that you were not gonna sell your own property. Well, that's right. Well, wouldn't it mean that they should follow your example? Why would it? If I was to climb the old chestnut tree, wouldn't mean you'd have to follow just 'cause I did. Let me put it this way. How many of the people who asked you for readings went ahead and decided to sell their land to my client after meeting with you? I don't keep track. Zero. None. Well, objection, Your Honor. The counselor is testifying. Let's not pick the gnat dung out of the pepper, counselor. Overruled. How many of those same people, before meeting with you, had agreed to sell their land in discussions with my client? You tell me. Eight. Wouldn't that suggest to you that your readings influenced or interfered with their decisions? Uh, nobody told me that. I see. May I ask you if you charge for your services? For reading the bones? No. Not a lick. Now, of course sometimes folks'll leave something behind. Little money or baked goods. Old clothes. Yarn, huh. You know, that sort of thing. But I never asks for nothing. But you do often receive something in return? Yeah. Well, like I said... Oh, one time, this old boy left me a poke of worms. Well, now, I caught myself a sweet trout off that. Very well. Let's get back to this gift you say you have. You told the jury you know things. Uh-huh, I'm listening. Miss Shaw... some of the questions I'm about to ask you may be difficult, but... under the circumstances I still must ask them. All right, go ahead. Your parents died in a house fire when you were young woman, true? Yes. They's buried up on the rise just north of town. Did the bones not tell you beforehand so that you might save them? - No, it don't work like that. - Well, how does it work? Nobody can explain. But you were unable to save them, right? What? Let me ask you about an incident that occurred in 1914. Were you attacked by a stranger in April of that year? Well... Why would you... Did your bones not warn you of that event, Miss Shaw? Genevieve, don't talk to me about things you know nothing about. Your Honor, I object. This is totally irrelevant and out of bounds. It goes to the very issue of credibility, Your Honor. Miss Shaw claims to be a clairvoyant, but when it comes to matters of her own life or welfare, well, apparently she has no idea what the future holds. I'm gonna overrule. You tread lightly, Miss Carson. Miss Shaw, the sheriff told our investigator that the man who attacked you was never found. I couldn't... He wore a hood. Did you or did you not consult your bones to determine the identity of this man, if not for you, then for possible future victims? Your Honor, I strongly object to this line of questioning! No. No. I wanna tell. He must have been watching me from the woods for a spell when... 'Cause it was right after Miss Olivia, over there, left after I... I read the bones for her. Uh, I was closing the fence gate when he come at me from behind. He grabbed me, and he wrestled me to the ground. His hands were so big. I tried to claw the hood off him. His eyes were bloodshot, angry. But when... when he grabbed the hood to stop me from yanking it off, and I was able to buck him off, and I made for the shack. He tore the door right off its hinges. I couldn't get to the shotgun in time before he got me and threw me down again. He beat me bloody. I... I thought he was gonna kill me, but I bit him and I cracked a chair over him. And I broke for the woods. He chased me up the trail 'til I tripped and fell. And he... he plum knocked me out. When I came to, he was gone. He left the hood behind like a curse. And I burned that damn thing as if I was sending it back to hell itself. In January of 1915... In January of 1915, it was reported there was a ch... there was a child... - as a result of... - That's enough! - Your Honor, please! - I quite agree. This is totally irrelevant to the matter at hand, counselor. I suggest we all take a deep breath and come to our senses. We stand in recess and will resume in an hours' time. There was a child. There was a child. The counsel must be really desperate to win this case to sink so low. I can't believe she's that ruthless. We gotta find out where this pressure to win at all costs comes from. I got an idea how we may get at that. But I'mma need your help. Rockdale County court is now back in session. Your Honor. We would respectfully request that the court allow Miss Mary to demonstrate a reading of the bones. I beg your pardon? I would like this court to see exactly what it is we're talking about here. Oh, well, I believe that's something I'd like to take a gander at. Miss Mary. Miss Mary... I'd like to plain-out ask you something. Why is it so important for Mountainside Land & Timber to buy up the Danville properties on the eastside of town? Aren't you going to object? No. What is she saying? No. No. It ain't the timber you're after. It's the coal! You wanna strip our land of the coal. Is that true? - You don't know what you're talking about. - Oh, don't I? You're joining up with some mining company, wants to strip our mountain clean off the face of the earth. There's no way you could know about our plan. No. They's not just gonna cheat you out of your property, they ain't even gonna tunnel. They's just planning to claw the coal from the top down. Leave nothing but a scar on the land. - No way. - They can't do that. Order! Clearly, she ain't no fraud. What are you doing? I'm done. You can't just walk out of here like that. - Get back! - Order! You should've told me about this from the get-go. - Well, you've gotta do something. - Let it go, Henry. - Do something. - Let it go. You have to know when to fold 'em. Order! Counselor, how would you like to proceed? Your Honor, we withdraw our petition. Good enough for me. Case dismissed. [cheering Ah. Miss Mary! Miss Mary! Please, back off, please. Is there a doctor here? No, no. No. No doctor. No, no. Just get me home. - Pardon. - Thank you, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you, Bones. Thank you. Pardon us. Thank you. Genny, remember... sometimes in life you just have to make those rock-hard decisions. Okay. So, tell me. Why do I feel so connected to that woman? How am I seeing her memories? My headache visions, they are the stories she just told in court. There's things you don't know, baby, but, well, it's... it's time you learned. Tell me. Tell me. Not here. I'm her daughter, aren't I? From the assault. You... You adopted me, didn't you? As much as we love you, baby, we promised Miss Mary long ago not to ever tell anyone, even you. I mean, we swore it to our own God's holy Bible. - I know it's a lot... - How could you? She lost herself after you were born. Unstable, unpredictable. The county was going to take you away from her. She knew I couldn't have a child. So, we agreed to take you in as a family, and yes, honey, we... we adopted you. And you let me go on with this... with this... with this trial. And we are so sorry for that. But we promised Miss Mary we wouldn't tell you the truth, because she was so worried it would be too hard on you. But now that you know, - you should go to her. - Oh, my God, don't tell me what to do. Just... leave me alone right now. I want you two to leave me be. Come. I want to thank you again. Oh, don't look so worried. Everything's going to be fine. You'll see. Now, you two run along. She and I have some fences to be mended. Oh. He's a good'un, all right. You are, too, Miss Mary. Now scoot. Why don't you come near where I can see you right? Is she gonna be all right, Daddy? She'll be fine, son. She's been through a lot today. - I want to say... - No, no. No, don't say nothing. Come... Come sit down. Oh, my goodness! I ain't touched you since you was an infant. I was afeared you'd know. Well, I guess now you do know. I used to think... how my life would be different if... But then I wouldn't have had you, would I? You have the gift. There's a... a scrapbook in... in the truck there. Fetch it for me. Now, I don't want anything you learned today to change your feelings for the Carsons. They's loving parents. And they've been so good to me. Come, sit down. See, they... they always told me what you was up to and... Well, they sent me all these things. Here. Homecoming queen. Ah! Oh, my dress. - And my hair. - Oh. My beautiful sweet girl is... growing into a... a woman that'd make her mama proud. Oh. So proud. You know, I was... I was named Mary 'cause my mama loved the Bible, but I wanted to name you after her. Genevieve. It's such a lovely name. I... I made you a ragdoll to watch over you. Abby? You made my Abby? I... I still have her. You'll... You will never know how much comfort she's given me. Can you ever forgive me for lettin' you go? Forgive you? How could you ever forgive me? - Today, I was a... - No. Shh, shh. Shush. I prayed to the Lord to see you again. And he made it happen. I... Are you okay? Yeah, um... Yes, yes. I just, uh... a mite tuckered out. That's all. Oh. I ain't goin' nowhere, uh-uh. Leastwise not 'til I finish that scarf I worked on for you. Thank you. Uh... You can't hurry yourself back to health, so, what do I... How... How can I help? Ah. Next week, is Wendell at the mercantile's birthday. I... I... I wanna make sure he gets the two dollars that I saved up for him. He's been so good to me. Oh, and... Darby Jenkins, you got to keep an eye on her. She's pregnant again, but she don't know it yet. I promise. And try and get to know that lawyer fella out on the porch. He has a good heart. And his boy needs a mama. Now, that's all I'm gonna say. One more thing... I got to tell you about. These bones... is just for show. The gift is inside you. I know this to be true. And... And when you learn how to use 'em proper, well, then the pain goes away. and then all the things you see just float easy and clear like spring water. Will you show me? Now, some things can't be undone. And some things can't be foretold. But I'll do what I can to help you. Yes. 'Cause we outsiders... we have to stick together. Oh. You's always in my heart. We're family. - Will you pray with me? - Hmm. Dear Lord, thank you again for bringing my daughter back to me. And bless her, as you have blessed me. And give her all the help she needs to find all the joy in this old world. - Amen. - Amen. Oh. You is my treasure, Genevieve. - I can't ask you to stay. - Shh. Come on now. You need to rest. All right. Oh. ♪ These old bones will tell your story ♪ ♪ These old bones will never lie ♪ ♪ These old bones will tell you surely ♪ ♪ What you can't see with your eye ♪ ♪ These old bones, I shake and rattle ♪ ♪ These old bones, I toss and roll ♪ ♪ And it's all in where they scatter ♪ ♪ Tells you what the future holds ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 