Just Shoot Me!: Season 4, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Shoot Me! 
 s4e5 - Jack Vents - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Shoot Me! (1997–2003): Season 4, Episode 5 - Jack Vents - full transcript 
 As Nina eavesdrops on Jack's therapy session, a misunderstanding leaves Maya owing $5,000 to Finch's bookie. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (upbeat instrumental theme song) - Oh, I found the problem. This was stuck in a vent. Looks like it's been in there for years. - Oh, uh, my laundry. I must've misplaced it on the way to the laundromat. You know, where laundry is cleaned. - How much laundry did you stuff in here? - About 12 kilos. (audience laughs) - Finch, can I borrow the Yellow Pages? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Uh, I haven't seen 'em. - Finch. (Finch groans) (audience laughs) I'm working on this edgy piece about women in gambling and I need some hot leads. - Ooh, in the phone book? Way to go, Matlock. (audience laughs) - I'm looking up Gamblers Anonymous. Did you know that women are the largest growth demographic of gamblers in the U.S.? - Wow, did you know that you write for a fashion magazine? (audience laughs) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Elliot, do you know anyone involved in illegal gambling? - What? Oh, I get it, Elliot DiMauro. Italian. I must be connected. I must have cousins in waste management. (audience laughs) - It's not that, it's just I remember you betting on the Super Bowl last year. - (gasps) What? Hey, my grandma's Irish so I must've been drunk when I did it. (audience laughs) - Not all Irish are drunks. (audience laughs) - But some Norwiegians have bookies. (audience laughs) - You do? - I like to lay a little cabbage on the line. (audience laughs) - Well, maybe you could get me in touch with him? - Hmmm, I don't know, I'd have to vouch for you. You gonna throw up? (audience laughs) - No, this is my adorable face. - Oh, all right, stop doing it and I'll call him. - [Maya] Oh, thanks. - [Nina] Jack, we need to talk. - Shh, shh, shh. I'm trying to relax. And we're about to hear the foghorn. (foghorn blows) (audience laughs) It's all crap from here. (audience laughs) - All right, I'll be brief. I want access to the company limo and here are 26 reasons why. - What's with the cards? - Well, you tend to make me nervous and when I get nervous, I get flustered, and when I get flustered, I lose my train of thought. Now what do you want? I'm busy. (audience laughs) - Jack, your sounds of the jungle tape came in. - Any good? - You like monkeys? - Leave it on my desk. (audience laughs) - Okay, here I am. Why I need a limo, number one. As an editor of this magazine, I need to be seen in a position of power. - As opposed to her usual position, passed out under a table. (audience laughs) It's that easy. - Enjoy it while it lasts, Finch. Puberty changes everything. (audience laughs) Number two. - Nina, there's no need for this. I see your point. Dennis, put it through the process. - Really? I'm in the process. I've never felt so alive. (audience laughs) - Sorry about that, Jack. I tried to stop her. - That's all right, Dennis. It's monkey time. (audience laughs) (jazzy music) - Elliot, could you give me a hand? I could use a little muscle. - Oh, I see. Because my name ends in a vowel, I'm the office tough guy? - Never mind, I got it. Ah, ventilation. Vent, elation. Hey, now I get it. (audience laughs) - Hey, what about this swimwear shoot? - Shh. I hear voices. - Ooh, let me hear. - [Woman] I never amount to anything. - [Man] Is that what made you come to therapy? - Oh my God, it's a shrink's office. - Hey, Nina, Jack wants you to look at this. - Shh, shh, shh. - Muzzle it, boy. We're eavesdropping on a therapy session. - [Therapist] We'll pick up right here next week. - Angle the vent to 45 degrees. It'll maximize the sound integrity. (audience laughs) - [Therapist] So, Jack, how's your week been? - [Jack] Pretty stressful. (audience laughs) - Oh my God, it's Jack. - How long has he been going to therapy? - Oh, well, it's a secret. - He didn't tell you, did he? - I don't tell him stuff. - Shhh, shhh. (audience laughs) - [Jack] Everyone wants a piece of me. Like this morning, my mother calls to kvetch. - Kvetch? - Yeah, his mom's half Jewish. I'm surprised he told me that much. - [Jack] Then Nina tells me she wants the company limo so I gotta take care of that. - Love you, Jack. - [Therapist] Then what did you do? - [Jack] I told Dennis to put it through the process. - [Therapist] Oh, so you gave her what she wanted? - [Jack] Oh, no, that's our little code for the runaround. He pretends to write something down and I avoid Nina until the whole thing goes away. (audience laughs) - Uhh, I think you two need to talk. (audience laughs) - Well, it seems you want to be alone. (audience laughs) - [Therapist] So let's get back to that thing you told me about your mother. - [Jack] You mean how I used to walk around in her heels? It's like I had wings on. (audience laughs) - [Therapist] About how you always seem to disappoint her. - [Jack] It's non-stop. She worships my brother Eddie, but me? I'm a bum. - (whispers) Yeah, well, you are a bum. - [Jack] And yet she has this way of getting me to do anything she wants, anything. She's the only one who has this control over me. - [Therapist] And how exactly does she control you? - [Jack] How many times do I have to go over this? - Just enough so that I can hurt you. (audience laughs) (jazzy music) - Oy vey, what a morning I've had. (audience laughs) Here, Jack, I made rugelach. - Oh, I love rugelach. How'd you know? - Uh, uh, uh! Not 'til after lunch, and don't slouch. It makes your clothes get all shlump-a-dick. (audience laughs) What are you working on? - Um, this month's letter from the publisher. - Oh, Mr. Big Shot with the writing. (audience laughs) Let me have a look. - Uh, sure. - Uh-huh, uh-huh, don't fidget, mm-hmm. (audience laughs) Hmmm. - Well, you like it? - It's fine, it's good, it's done. (audience laughs) - What, you think something's wrong with it? - Oh, don't get all vish-mished. (audience laughs) What do I know about writing? I didn't get the big fancy education so my opinion is just bupkis. (audience laughs) - Nina, that's not what I meant at all. - But it's what's been said. (audience laughs) Well, I'm late for lunch. God forbid I should get run over while I'm flagging down a cab. - Nina, wait. Take the limo. Keep it as long as you want. - Will it make you happy? - Yes. - Well, that's all I care about. (audience laughs) - Maya. Check it out. I hit the exacta at Belmont, $17, tax free, all mine. (audience laughs) - Look up my bets. Race 23, Rags to Riches. - Ooh, you bet on Jamaican dog racing? - Of course. I love dogs, I went to Jamaica on spring break, and I'm always racing from one thing to another. (audience laughs) - Sometimes I wish you were a guy so I could punch you. (audience laughs) All right, here it is, Rags to Riches. Oh, came in second. - Yeah, Rags to Riches! What does that pay me? - Well, did you pick him to win? - Yeah. - Nothing. - Rats! (audience laughs) I can't believe I just lost $50. 50, gone. Just like that. Now I know how addicts feel. I disgust myself. - Why'd you bet so much? - Well, I don't know. First I said five, and then the guy on the phone said, "Five dimes?" and I figured what the heck. If I bet 50 bucks, I could win 400. So I said, "Five dimes it is." Ohhh, 50 bucks. I truly have hit rock bottom. (audience laughs) - Ah, heh heh. Sit down, it gets a little rockier. Maya, dimes are thousands. Five dimes is 5,000. You lost $5,000. (audience laughs) - What? No, that doesn't make any sense. Dimes are 10, like $10. Five dimes, $50. That makes sense. - Sorry, dude. 5,000 bucks. (audience laughs) - But that can't be. - Huh huh. Well, this just in, it is. (audience laughs) - No, no, no, no. This isn't happening. This isn't real. - It's gonna seem very real when the bookie comes to collect. - The bookie's coming here? (audience laughs) - In the $5,000 range, they tend to swing by. - Oh, Rags to Riches, you slow hairy bitch! (audience laughs) (jazzy music) - (gasps) Oh! - What are you doing? - Trying to get out of here before the bookie comes. I just don't know how I got mixed up with these people. - These people, hmmm? - Elliot, I don't have time for this. - An Italian made time to discover this country. (audience laughs) - Fine. I'm sorry I offended you. You're not connected to the mob or the wise guys or anybody. Thank you and goodbye. - What, you don't think I can make a call? I know people. (audience laughs) - But you just... - You assumed I knew people and that I resented. - Okay, fine, do you know anybody? - I must. I mean, I am Italian. (audience laughs) (knocking) - Hi, I'm looking for Maya Gallo. - I'm Maya. - Oh, good, I'm Bunny. You placed a bet with me earlier and I'm here to collect. (audience laughs) - You're the bookie? - Mm-hmm. - But I talked to a guy on the phone. - Oh, yeah, that was my son Jeff. He works for me part-time to earn some money for college. (audience laughs) - He sounded a lot older. - Well, he's 26. Yikes. (audience laughs) Oh, here, I brought you this. - Oh, you shouldn't have. Please. - Oh, I like to do something special for my high rollers. - Oh, no, no, I'm not a high roller. I'm just a journalist. - Jeff's thinking of majoring in that. - Oh, he should, it's very rewarding. Actually, I'm doing a piece on women and gambling and, um, I've never gambled before so I'm not that familiar with the lingo, and (laughs) here's the kicker. I only meant to bet $50, not $5,000. - Oh, no. - (laughs) I know, huh? See I thought that dimes meant $10, not a thousand. - Oh, you poor thing. Oh my gosh, you must've been absolutely horrified. - I so was. So, um, anyway what I'd like to do is give you this check for $50 and we'll call it even. - Here's the thing, though. We're not even. You owe me $5,000. (audience laughs) - Maybe my story was a little confusing. But the most important thing is that I only meant to bet $50. - (laughs) Oh, God, you must have been mortified. - I was, I was. - Should I wait here while you go to the bank? - Okay, you're still not getting it. - Look, see, here's the thing. I run my business on the honor system. Now I can't force you to do anything, but you do owe me money. So I'll let you think about it. I know you'll do the right thing. I'll be back. I've gotta buy Jeff some socks and (whispers) underwear. (audience laughs) - Wait a minute, wait a minute. Hey, I will not do the right thing. You can't make me feel guilty. Thank you for the plant. (audience laughs) - [Patient] You don't know what I'm going through, Dr. Kramer. You're smug and judgmental and I hate you. - [Therapist] Who are you really angry at, Gary? Could it be your boss? - Well played, Dr. Kramer. (audience laughs) - Nina. - Jack. - I bought you that espresso machine you wanted. - Oh, Jack, you shouldn't have. - Why are you shouting? - Oh, I just love my gift, Jack. I wanna thank you for my coffee machine. - Shh, shh, shh, shh. I think I hear voices. - Pfft, who doesn't? (audience laughs) - They're coming from the vent. - [Patient] I'm sorry I yelled at you, Dr. Kramer. - [Therapist] That's okay, Gary. I'm from Chicago. I can take it. - Ha! See, just pigeons. - That's Dr. Kramer. - Jack, I, I can explain. - You listened to my private therapy sessions. - Oy. Schleppa-doozle. (audience laughs) - Nina, what you've done is unforgivable. - Jack, I wouldn't have had to do it if you hadn't lied to me about that limo. All right, okay, okay, but ask yourself who are you really angry at? Could it be your boss? (audience laughs) - You, Nina. I'm angry at you. You're the one who pretended to be my mother. - Well, it's not fair. I did it for one day. Your mother did it for 60 years. Go yell at her. - Please, yell at her. I can't yell at her. Why can't I yell at her? - Because you're weak? (audience laughs) - Maybe this all comes down to me confronting my mother. Why didn't that quack upstairs tell me that months ago? - [Therapist] Quack? Well, at least I didn't wet the bed 'til I was 12. (audience laughs) (jazzy music) (jazzy music) - Listen, you owe Bunny five grand. And so there's no misunderstanding, grand means thousand. - No way. You know, Bunny talks about honor, but who's to say what honor is? Is honor driving the speed limit on a deserted highway? I say yes. Is honor making only one trip to the salad bar when it's not an all-you-can-eat? Oh, sure, I pile it high, but I never go back. (audience laughs) - Let's cut to the chase. I talk, you listen. (groans) (audience laughs) Okay. God, here's the deal. Until you pay, Bunny's freezing my account. - She can't do that. - She already has. We bet by a code, Maya, and I vouched for you, and I don't do that for anybody. And I never thought I'd say this, but I'm disappointed in you. (gasps) Anyway, I've got some work to do so I'll see you around. (audience laughs) I'm gonna need an ice pack and some privacy. (audience laughs) - I'm looking for Elliot DiMauro. - I'm Elliot. - Hey, I'm Paulie. Your cousin called me about your problem. - My cousin, no, no. I just wanted to know if I was connected. Oh my God, I am connected. I've got juice, how cool is this? Where's Maya? - Hey, yo, shiny. What, you call me down here for nothing? - No, I was just trying to prove to a friend that I knew somebody. (both laugh) - So I guess the joke's on me. - Yeah, I guess so. No, not at all, sir. - Whatever. Look, just give me cab fare. We'll call it even. - Ah, you got it, pal. How much, how much? - $1200. (audience laughs) - Come on. - I'll wait here while you run to the bank. (audience laughs) - Okay. (audience laughs) (knocking) - Oh, sorry I'm late. Gosh, traffic, arrrr. So have you thought any more about our situation? - You know what? Yes. But I'm gonna tell you something, Bunny. You may talk about honor, but you're nothing more than a common street thug and I'm gonna give you this money, but you should know that now I can't go to Club Med Oaxaca. And this was the year I was gonna work up the nerve to jet ski. (audience laughs) - You're pretty upset about this, huh? - I think the frowny faces in the zeroes speak for themselves. (audience laughs) - You know, maybe I'm a bad bookie, or just a big softie, but I can't stand seeing my clients this unhappy. (sighs) Now I'm thinking maybe just give the $50 you thought you were betting, we'll call it even. - Really? You're serious? Oh, thank you so much. You're doing the right thing. - You know what? This feels right to me, too. - I knew you had heart. I'm gonna put that in my article. Oh, so I guess that's $50 I owe you. - Actually, I've got more good news. - What? - That race you bet on? Well, the winning dog died this morning. - Awww. - Oh, I know, ohhh. (audience laughs) And a preliminary blood test showed illegal steroids in its system, which means Rags to Riches won, so at, let's see, eight to one odds, that means I owe you $400. - 400? That's eight rides on the jet ski. - Enjoy Club Med. - Oh, I will and thank you again for the plant. Finch, guess what? It seems that Rags to Riches was a winner after all. I just won $400. Not bad on a $5,000 bet, huh? Wait a minute. - Oh, I hear the gears cranking. (audience laughs) - That's $40,000. You owe me 40 dimes, you bitch. (audience laughs) (upbeat music) - And I don't mean to hurt your feelings, but I just needed you to hear that. - I see. I didn't realize what a bad mother I was. - No, that's not what I meant at all. - No, I'm a difficult person. That's a nice pen. (audience laughs) - It's yours. - Oh, thank you. Oh, wait. This is exactly what you were talking about. I just manipulated you. - No, no, it was only a present from Arnold Palmer. You should have it. - How long have I been this way? - I don't know. All my life or so. - (gasps) Oy vey. Son, I want you to listen to me like you've never listened before. Of all my kids, you were the special one. If I pushed you harder, it was because I knew how much you had to offer the world, and look at you now. I'm proud to be your mother. - Really? - Of course. - Oh, Ma, I'm so happy. I love you, too. (knocking) - Hi, hi. Sorry to interrupt, but there's a problem with the limo. It's out of brandy. Hello, Mrs. Gallo. - That's a nice purse. - Oh, it's yours. Wow, she's good. (audience laughs) - Oh, all right, Ma. I better go and thank you for letting me get this off my chest. - I'm just sorry you ever had to feel that bad. - It's worth it to feel this good. - Thank you, Mrs. Gallo. Whatever you said meant the world to Jack. - Jack? I thought that was Eddie. (audience laughs) Jack's a bum. Get back here, bum, and I want that pen. - Meet my friend Paulie. He's in the mob. Psst, psst, meet my friend Paulie. (whispers) He's in the mob. (audience laughs) - When am I gonna meet Cindy Crawford? (audience laughs) - Psst, huh? Meet my friend Paulie. He's in the mob. (audience laughs) (Elliot laughs)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 