Just Shoot Me!: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Just Shoot Me! 
 s4e1 - A Divorce to Remember - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Just Shoot Me! (1997–2003): Season 4, Episode 1 - A Divorce to Remember - full transcript 
 As Dennis tries to hide his true passions from his new supermodel wife, Maya and Elliott seek to have their accidental marriage annulled. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously on Just Shoot Me - Marry me. - What? - Every third Tuesday his holiness the Revered Singh Chop Chop Cho holds a mass wedding at the church of the Rising Star. - Finch, don't do it. - Maya, be quiet. - Ah. - See now isn't this better than a silly mass wedding. - What is that? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I think we just got married. - I now pronounce you husband and wife. - It's like a dream come true. Adrienne, nom nom nom nom, Adrienne. (audience laughs) Adri..., Adrienne? Oh no. It was all a dream? No! (audience laughs) No! (audience laughs) - You don't want corn flakes? - No corn flakes is good. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (audience laughs) (rock music) - Look at this, another credit card offer for Mrs. Maya Demoro. That colt must've sold our names to a junk mail company. - So what? - So what if someone sees this and thinks we're married? - Isn't the bigger question why you get the Kenny Loggins newsletter? (audience laughs) - Someone gave it to me as a joke, ooh, he's gonna be in West Orange. Nina would you please go back to your cult and tell someone that Elliot and I are not married? - First of all, it's a church, not a cult, so open your mind and second, as a deserter, I'd be tied up and caned. (audience laughs) - Look, look, obviously we didn't mean to get married so it's not legally binding, doesn't count. - Except in the eyes of eight million crazy fanatics. - Crazy fanatics, crazy fanatics? Okay, that's fair. (audience laughs) - Wow guess who's back in an all-new adventure, woo hoo. - So how was it, how was it? - Amazing, Tahiti was great. This guy treated me like a queen, what an animal in bed. - Louder. (audience laughs) - And we, we brought presents. Here, it's a Puka necklace, a symbol of love. - Oh, how sweet. - It's a Puke necklace, a symbol of love. - Thank you. - Here, you like books. (audience laughs) - How to get over a lost love? Adrienne I swear to you I'm not in love with Finch. - See she won't even help herself? Here, it's a... - Yeah, yeah, symbol of love. (audience laughs) - So excited, tell me everything. - Wooh, I don't know where to begin. - Well I'll be around. - Hey buddy, you were in the tabloids. - Yeah, really? - Is supermodel Adrienne Barker more wild than we thought? The leggy beauty was spotted frolicking in the Tahiti surf with a topless blonde gal pal. (audience laughs) - I knew that Speedo was a mistake. (audience laughs) - Hey, look who's back. - Hey, hey. - Hello doll. - Hello, how are you? - Hey. - So did you bring me back a starfish? - Yeah, and a can of sunshine. (audience laughs) You're not kidding? - Remember I waved goodbye and I said "Bring me back a starfish!" - Yeah, I thought you were joking. - Oh well, not to worry, welcome back. I could not have been more clear. (audience laughs) - Dennis, are these your dolls? - What? First of all, they're not dolls, they're action figures. Second of all, who left these here, come on children. Hey take these to the incinerator, or better yet my cubby in the coatroom, I'll deal with them later. (audience laughs) - Ooh that's my agent I'll be right back. - Not mine. (audience laughs) - So when are you gonna come clean to her about your action figure collection? - The day you officially turn 40. (audience laughs) - Seven years is a long time my friend. (audience laughs) - Adrienne has to keep thinking I'm cool. That means no more sci-fi conventions, no more internet chess tournaments, and I can all but forget about playing the lute at the Renaissance Faire. (audience laughs) - Now dear, you know that I'm the last one to give out advice, or take it, or pay for a round of drinks. But you can't just wake up one morning and decide to be a different person. - Oh says the New York socialite who grew up on a hog farm. (audience laughs) - You think I'm a socialite? (audience laughs) - You know instead of throwing these out why don't we give 'em to needy children. - Honey, give a kid a toy, he'll play for a day. Teach a kid to fish, and that kid, just give me those. (bass riff) (rock music) (knock) - Hey would you... (woman mumbles) What are you writing? - A letter to the church of the Rising Star warning them to stop telling people I'm your wife. - Come on you're not serious? - Imprisoned in an emotional Gulag? - Hey, it's a first draft, now just go. - No way, no way, I'm not giving up on us. (audience laughs) We're gonna make this thing work, dammit. (audience laughs) - Elliot, you're not funny. - Oh no, don't tell me the laughter's gone too. (audience laughs) - Look this is really bothering me. We went through a wedding ceremony. That reverend proclaimed us married. - Maya he was wearing genie pants and curly-toed shoes. - No you may think that this is a joke but I haven't been able to go out on a date in two weeks. - Have you been asked? - Obviously I'm giving out some sort of vibe. (audience laughs) (slams) - Finch, who has the key to petty cash? - Everyone here but you. I can't believe how much mail piled up while I was gone. - Mmm, anything important? - Planet of the Apes convention, old Finch. (audience laughs) Ooh appearance at Macy's by Spiderman. (groans) Old Finch. - New York Invitational Cat Show, Old Finch. - Woah woah, woah, woah, it's marked urgent. (audience laughs) Oh my God Spartacus made the finals. - Who's Spartacus? - My cat, he's been accepted to the top show in the tri-state area. - Oh it's just a dumb animal, tell him he didn't make it. - Woah, woah. (audience laughs) Need to fill out the registration. - Finch, you can't go to this thing. - Why not? - Well no offense, but don't you think cat shows are just a tad on the geeky side? (audience laughs) - Geeky? Yeah, let me drop a little history on you. Egyptian Pharaohs worshiped cats, they were cool. Macgyver had cats, he was cool. And need I remind you of the longest running show on Broadway? - Chippendales? (audience laughs) - Yeah, right. (audience laughs) Listen, for years I've dreamed about making the finals, okay? And I'm gonna get that trophy this year with Adrienne right by my side. - Sweetie I got our honeymoon pictures back. Ooh, here's some weird ones of me sleeping. (audience laughs) - Adrienne, honey, how would you like to accompany me to a cat show tomorrow? - Yeah sure that sounds great. - Really? - Well you heard the lady. (audience laughs) - It'll be fun to see you goofing on all those pathetic cat freaks. What lonely planet do those losers come from? - Apparently Egypt. (audience laughs) (funky rock music) - Hey, you leavin' early? - Yeah I'm running to the store. I'm cooking dinner for someone. - Like a date? (audience laughs) - Right, like a date. - Oh, that's nice, I mean, have fun. I mean, don't do anything I wouldn't do, ha ha ha ha ha ha. (audience laughs) - Okay. - You're just going like nothing happened? - Nothing did happen. For the last time, we're not married. You think I'd go on a date if I thought I was cheating, no! Do I look racked with guilt, no! - Has this ever happened before? - No. (audience laughs) (guitar riff) (rock music) - Okay here's your monthly report and I updated your palm pilot and picked up your dry cleaning. - I didn't have any dry cleaning. - Oh no wonder that Korean lady fought like a tiger. (audience laughs) - Just go, I hope your cat does the thing and and and wins the what's its - Ah thanks Jack I know that comes from the heart, buddy. - So what's your alibi in case Adrienne stops in? - Alibi? For your information I talked to Adrienne about the cat show and she's totally into it. (phone rings) Finch here, oh hey baby. Yeah, no I'm takin' off right now. Oh no no, you shouldn't come down. Ah, because, because when I play rugby I get violent honey. All right, okay, love you too. - Rugby? - Yeah I think it's like football. (audience laughs) - Hard night? - Not really. - Oh morning Elliot, what you looking for? - Well uh back issue. - Which one? - I had um, health article I wanted. - Oh, what health article? - Nevermind, I found it. - Oh July, wasn't that the piece on treating impotence? Maya didn't you write this piece on impotence? (audience laughs) What's that, line two? (audience laughs) - I'm not a machine. - Well well well. - It's your fault. All your stupid obsessing about being married planted something in my head. - Oh sure, blame it on the wife. - Get your coat, we have to get a divorce, come on. - Oh well, that's a fine attitude coming from the man that I expect to father my children. Although it seems we might have to adopt. (audience laughs) - Look, I was wrong, you were right, please help me. - Once more, with feeling, and your underpants on your head. - I'm not wearing any. - Oh gross, you win. - Knock knock. - Nina, I need your help. - I heard, there's no reason to be embarrassed. Here, apply this to Elliot Jr. three times day. (audience laughs) - No no, that's not what I'm talking about. We need to go back to the cult and get a divorce. - I see. My advice, be very careful. - What do you mean? - The Church of the Rising Star is a dark and powerful religion with beliefs that stretch back to the mid '80s. (audience laughs) Watch your back, refuse all refreshments. And don't say "Hi Priest" to the high priest. It's not as funny as you think. (audience laughs) (guitar riff) - Adrienne, what are you doing here? - Looking for the cat show tickets. - But Dennis is playing rugball. - I know but I told my hairdresser about the cat show and now he wants to go, so. - He does? - Well it'll still be funny, he has the same wicked sense of humor as Dennis. Actually everyone at the salon does. - Oh. - Oh well, we'll get tickets there, see ya. - No no no, you can't go. - Why not? - Because I'm terribly depressed and I shouldn't be alone right now. - I'm sorry, I didn't know. Listen, you know, I studied psychology maybe I can help. - Or maybe we can just hit some bars. - Oh let's see, maybe you're sad because your best days are behind you. - Or maybe... (audience laughs) You think my best days are behind me? - Oh no no no no no no, no it's just that your life is more than half over and I don't know some women would start to panic. (audience laughs) - Maybe you should be getting to that cat show, huh? - Nina running away from your problems is how you got into this mess. - Mess? Let me just tell you something missy, I am not a mess, I am a legend. I am Nina Van Horne, my face has been on every magazine from here to Hong Kong. In 1974 I was model of the year while you were still running around in pigtails. - Actually I wasn't born yet. (audience laughs) - Oh god, don't leave me. (audience laughs) (guitar riff) - Looks totally normal. - Of course it does, that's how they suck you in. You say to yourself "Look, a totally normal office." Next thing you know you're assembling automatic weapons in your sleep. - What do we do if they ask us for all our worldly possessions? - We say no? - Right, no. - Hi, sorry to keep you waiting, I'm Larry Fenwick, I'm an attorney for the Church of the Rising Star. Can I get you something to drink? - Oh yeah, I'm so thirsty, I mean no. (audience laughs) - Well please, take a seat. So I understand you two participated in one of our mass weddings and now you want a divorce. - See the thing is, and with all due respect to your religion. - Oh it's not my religion, I'm just a hired gun. You, you can speak freely. Keep in mind though, that the office may be bugged. - What? - I'm kidding, I'm using humor to put you at your ease. - So um, can we do it, you know, get a divorce? - Well that depends, have you brought the gods a sacrifice? Once again, I'm lightening the mood. (audience laughs) But to answer your question, yes, getting a divorce is actually a very simple matter. - Oh, so great, can we take care of it now? - Absolutely. Now I don't want you folks to be uncomfortable but the church is big on ceremony so I'm gonna have to ask you to put on the turbans of eternal light. (laughs) - You almost got us again. - I'm so sorry. (rock music) (clicks) (audience laughs) (chimes) (audience laughs) - That's us, don't be nervous, just have fun out there. That goes for you too Spartacus. (whimsical orchestral music) (audience laughs) - Hey, just a little longer, and again my apologies. (audience laughs) Time, time's up. You two are very limber and may I say as a personal note, you sing beautifully. - Um, are we almost done? - Yes, all you have to do is sign this form and we are finito. You might wanna keep these pens, they're tracking devices. Ha ha ha, it's a joke, but they do make those. (audience laughs) - Um what sort of form. - Nothing complicated, just says you want a divorce and that the two of you didn't have physical relations as a result of the marriage. (audience laughs) Well, congratulations, you are divorced. - Hoo, what a relief. - Yeah, free at last. - Yes, we'll send the bill to that address you wrote on the sacred scroll. Hi folks, come on in. Ooh, I almost forgot, it also says that you will not have physical relations with each other in the future. - Huh, huh, that guy and his nutty jokes. It was a joke right? - Of course, should we ask? - Well, not that it matters to me anyway. - What, what do you think it matters to me? Besides, it was clearly a joke. - Hey, I'm the one who said it was nutty. - You know I don't mean to be rude, but I am trying to perform an exorcism. (audience laughs) - It was a joke. (bass riff) (clanks) - Dennis. (claps) So, how was rugby. - Oh, wooh, very rough, very manly today. Scored three tabernacles and a walkabout. Yeah, now honey, those are good, they're like touchdowns. - Dennis you lied to me, I know you went to the cat show. First I get stuck with your friend Nina, who broke down, smeared lipstick all over her face and started screaming "I'm still pretty." (audience laughs) - Hey if you wanna swap Nina stories. - No I don't, then finally, when I finally get home I turn on the news and what do I see? A little upbeat story on you winning the cat show. - You didn't by any chance tape it? - How could you lie to me Dennis? - Didn't they teach you the honor system during your four years at Oxford? (audience laughs) - You know what, I was just about to make up some big crazy story but it's simpler just to tell you the truth. The truth about a promise made to a dying captain in the Persian gulf. - What, who? - My CO, Captain Pickardemonger. (audience laughs) My last week there we were stationed outside of KC, Kuwait City. (audience laughs) Cleanin' our guns, just blabbin', lookin' forward to goin' home. Suddenly out of nowhere AK 47s, rat a tat, tat a tat tat. (audience laughs) - What the hell are you talking about? - Give me a minute, this is hard for me. Okay, um, as my captain was screaming and collapsing into my arms, dammit if I was there two sec... (audience laughs) His dying wish was that I continue to show his cat in cat shows. And that I never tell anybody about it. - Dennis, this all sounds a little crazy. - You know what's crazy Adrienne, war? (audience laughs) - I don't know, it just seems way too convenient. - So you still think I'm lying? Well let me tell you something Adrienne Louise Barker. If you think I'm so low, so disgusting, look at me, that I would lie to my own wife then I guess this marriage is over, and I'll walk out of here forever. - Dennis wait. Dennis I'm sorry. If you say you made a promise to a friend, then, then that's good enough for me. - He may also have asked me to keep an eye on his vintage porno collection. (audience laughs) (funky rock music) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 