John from Cincinnati: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 John from Cincinnati 
 s1e5 - His Visit: Day Four - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 John from Cincinnati (2007): Season 1, Episode 5 - His Visit: Day Four - full transcript 
 Bill is "conveyed" a strange mission from Zippy; Shaun's mother Tina lets the Yost family know she has returned to town. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 John From Cincinnati Season 1 Episode 5 His Visit: Day four Capture: Swsub. com Synch: Gaillots. www. Team-NCIS.com www. All-about-Subs. fr You know, I'd want to tell you some things if you'd want to listen. Stop. Shut up. Whatever you want, you're not getting it. Wherever you are, fucking stay there and leave us alone! Oh, come on, Cissy, don't. Come on! Is she here? Is she here? What's going on? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - 14 years late. - Who just peeled out of here? Shaun, get dressed. You're going to work with me today. I'm supposed to surf with Sammy. Come on! get dressed. Just do what your grandmother says, Shaun. You want to tell me what the hell is happening? What's happening... Is the b-side bombshell has decided she could make more off of Shaun than in porn. - That was tina on the phone? - Yeah, and in the guinea-red mustang outside. If she thinks she is getting him away from me... She's taken one too many money shots. Put those shoes on, Shaun. we're getting out of here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I want to have some cereal. - Come on! Let's go. See, John, that freaks me out... You standing there, just staring. Do you listen to me when I'm in there? I listen to you. Work here, Cass. Here, in my hotel room that I have no money to pay for? I will happily work, John, if you explain to me what you mean. - Work here. - Here... In my work area? With your towels on my barrier? Huh? How's this, John? You like this look? Fuckin' towelheads are gonna get themselves eradicated. I'm broke, John. Okay? I am not averse to work, I believe in it. I believe in paying my debts. I'll be paying on my student loans when I'm on social security. Also, like everyone else, I have issues around money. It's probably a holdover from my childhood when my pop, he'd leave for work and then three days later we'd get a call asking to wire him bus fare home... From las vegas. In summary, John, I am no longer able to trade on my sex and I need to make some money. You need your camera, Cass. It's safe. It's in the trunk of my car. Unless linc's had it repossessed. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me! Do not confuse... My admitting a mistake... like a gentleman... With a check made out to you to subsequently go berserk. Yes. I got along with the hawaiian, Zippy. 26 years in law enforcement, I am able to coexist with shitheels. The subject you raise now concerns a different kettle of fish. And for all we know, he may be a fish, this John. "I've got my fisheye on you. " So this isn't an evenhanded back and forth. This is me on the receiving end of you delivering unalterable instructions. Then we can save time and argumentation. Excuse me while I take a piss. If you have an objection, I'm sure you can convey it silently once I get my stream going... ...And thereby shut that down too! Jesus Christ! This'll pass in a heartbeat. You don't want to go bandying that shit about. What do you mean? Just ask the girl... Marie... On bandying about my... Sleep talk. - Sleep talk? - Yeah. She's got five or six resting places on the big island. Dig her up and ask. The other night, I heard you talking in your sleep, right? "Is two days off a crime? Do I never get to fuckin' relax?" When are you gonna take the pictures of your wrist? You know, I'm hesitant. You know? Physicians, they... They toss it off. "Get yourself an x-ray," like "next light go left," 'cause they never hit no bumps on life's highway, right, boss? Fellas like us, information ball gets rolling, next thing you know we're dead in an avalanche... Wants, warrants, failures to appear. Just remember what I said... That other thing. Believe me, it's recorded... In here. "You want to wind up like Marie? Five pieces. " I'm not pulling out this time. It ends today, Ernie... In this place. I can give you a soda or a clamato, Joe, but I can't serve you liquor at all, not as long as you're holding that gun. Why would you want to make my story the punch line of your practical joke? Why, ernie? I didn't, Joe. He knew I was behind with my boot off squeezing puss out of where that punji stick went through my foot. - Who did? - This guy you put out there to make me think he was wounded so bad and pretend I brought him back. I never repeated your story to anyone, Joe. I don't believe you ever told us. You... I told you. I don't believe so. Go fuck yourself! - Shit for brains! - Would you take that outside? This isn't funny? Ass licker! Yeah well, make it funny over at the no name. Fuckin' idiot! I always cared more about my feet than I should have. An infantry man's feet are as important as his weapon. I couldn't help... Charlie c or... Pencilhead, slowdump. None of 'em. I'll bet my daughter's eyes you did everything you could. Oh god, forgive me. You want me to hold that? I'm not gonna use it. I guess... However him I found knew, you didn't tell him. No. I should've told you. - Where is fucking Kal? - I don't know. Jesus Christ! All right. You stay in the store. You keep the doors locked. - Who was it outside the house? - You do not open the door for anybody. Reporters? Just don't open the goddamned door unless it's Kal. What if they try to get in? Did you hear what I said, Shaun? Do you understand me? I'm never gonna get to surf anymore. Well, that should be the worst of our problems. Have I ever hit you? If I hit you, you'll know it. He stopped to check the time. Gangbangers messed up his briefcase. Do you like your new clothes from the gift shop? I like my new clothes. Do you think they bought themselves? Oh, fuck. So, did you get your end near the lady, my brother? I got my end near the lady, my brother. I boned her and broke her jaw. Damn, I'll have to give her a combat bonus. Does she work for you? Are you working? Linc's gonna have to give you a combat bonus, Cass. Oh, yeah? Well, linc can take his combat bonus and shove it up his ass. Kal! Get to the shop! I'm sorry about yesterday! Me and butchie went looking for John. Shut up and get down there and keep an eye on Shaun! - where should I pick him up? - he's there now! Lock the door behind you! Don't let anybody in! That porno slut who made Shaun with my scumbag son and left him on my doorstep for me to raise is back in I.B.! Don't let anybody in! She might have hired a lawyer to serve papers! I'm going home so that if she comes back. I will be there to put a bullet in her heart! - I'll see you later. - unbelievable. Fucking tina, that loser bitch. Hey, butchie, the less you say now, the less you have to take back. You work here a lot? Every 15 years. I'll tell you something fucked up. It'll cost you an extra $500. I'm having a little trouble breathing. Having pain in my chest. Have you got heart problems? Not that I know about. Fuck. I put frat boy into my truck... He took my hand to his belly... And said I could help. And if I wasn't wasted, or it wasn't a joke... I did. He took my hand to his belly... And he healed. What do you think about that? What happened? - he only hit the papers yesterday. There was no way she was keeping track of him before that till there was something in it for her. So she does not know we have a shop... The porn queen... So that is where I left him. With Kal? I got her out of the trailer to go to the shop to keep Shaun company. Now let that bitch come back here. Do not smoke in here, Cissy. Jesus Christ! - I levitated. - What? Listen, it wasn't a hallucination like we... Like we thought when we talked before... Me being up in the air. So what about the fascinating infected-sinus theory? Cissy, the levitation was witnessed. And what did the witness say, Mitch, "whatever"? - Forget it. - Thanks for the okay on that. Let's see how long it takes me. There. Done. You know, if... if you'd let me finish, I was gonna suggest that maybe there's some connection... You're a jerk. Instead of floating, I wish you could fly 500 miles an hour into a fucking brick wall! You know what? not in here. Give me fucking cigarettes! That whore... is coming for Shaun! That doesn't give you the right to poison me. Get out then. Get the fuck out or I will poison you. Okay, go smoke in the house. You'll see me walking down the driveway. You get out. Cissy, I'm just gonna be a minute. I'm gonna pray for you. Jeez, I wonder who's smoking reefer. Shaun, are you trying to get the place shut down? Who's gonna catch me? Gram said don't let anyone in. Can we get out of here? Go to black's or something? I can hide in the back of the car until we get out of town. No, not right now. Why? I'm no good at putting shit into words, shaunie. Sometimes it takes sticking around to give things a chance to work out. We're gonna open for business. And you're gonna hang here and not give me any grief. Better? Yeah. Yeah, a little better, but... Oh, fuck me... Feel how wet my forehead is. What are you doing? I'm wetting a washcloth. How do you feel? Better, definitely better. Breaks my heart, but... Gonna have to pass on the sex. We don't give refunds. You want me to leave you a midol? No, I'm good. What's your name? Tina blake. Really? I'm supposed to believe you didn't know? Honest to god... I never let myself watch porn, otherwise I'd never do anything else. I feel like I'm meeting babe ruth. Did he fuck a lot of people at once? I'm linc stark. I feel like I'm meeting babe ruth. Yeah, just to let you know, wherever you're being useless at the moment, that piece of trash your son came out of is back in I.B. I hope you're fuckin' happy. Did he rag on me all the time? Turn me into a dartboard? I never heard him say your name. 'Cause he loved me so much. Knowing butchie... That probably would be why. - Bullshit. - Bullshit? 10 people in a room, butchie talks to nine of 'em. Who does he want to meet? When we were knowing each other, he would less ignore you than knock you into the wall by accident four or five times. Did you want to call him Shaun? We'd come off tour and butchie would go to mitch and Cissy's house threatening to burn that place down because they wouldn't call him that. And those first couple of years, he didn't care about anything. I mean, I think that's why he started going aerial... he just didn't. And when he saw they were taking points away, of course... he just made it his fucking thing. I thought "Shaun" sounded like the waves when they were going back out. And you come back to see how your boy grew up. Being that his dad and I don't talk anymore, it's probably best you don't tell butchie we saw each other. I don't know yet if butchie's talking to me. Anything else I can do to help? Focus. What do you want? Not bad, how have you been? Oh, you wanna play nice? You left our baby on my parents' doorstep. We didn't have a doorstep, remember, butchie? He was two hours old! Or a bed or food in the refrigerator, and of course no one knew where you were. I had... passport problems. - I want to see Shaun. - Yeah. He's in all the papers and you remember you're his mother? I never forgot I was his mother. Turn off the fuckin' faucet, Tina. Give me a fuckin' break. So you know what I do? Everybody... at the same time while every dipshit on the internet whips his skippy watchin'. And you're president of the I.B. Morality brigade? Yeah, I know what you do. I'd like to stop. I'd like to be his mom. Ain't gonna happen, Tina. Cissy's a pretty good hater. I suppose you putting a good word in is out of the question? Me coming out against you would probably improve your chances. I don't know what I'm doing. Well, I never let that slow me up. I don't know what I thought was gonna happen. Tell her I'm gonna see him... Once, anyway. Tell her not to stop me. Or what, you're gonna set yourself on fire? All right, okay. You know my mom. I'll suggest it. Thank you. Get back up! John... John, don't do that. Look, a new eco-warrior. Is shaunie still in lockdown? Who wants to know? - She wants to meet her son. - Her son? And you come to me? She's quitting... the business. It's "the business" now? Smilin' at the camera while six guys come in your face? Look, you can supervise or have her sign something, but just one visit and she's gone. It's not your fucking business. It's not your business. And if it were your business, tell me what good could possibly come out of letting him meet her? Hey, I am the president for life of the tina-blake-can- go-fuck-herself club, okay? I think she might do something stupid. 'Cause everything up to now's been high math. No, I mean she might off herself. That gives her a right to my grandson? Because she's thinking about killing herself? Who doesn't think about killing herself? Who doesn't think about it every day of her fuckin' life? Just drop it. I thought you were an idiot before you started shooting dope, but you were a 12-year-old genius compared to the stupid fuck you are now. As much acid as I took, I was never as stupid as you. I'm outta here. Tell her she comes anywhere near Shaun, she won't have to kill herself, I'll do it for her! Well, there's another day of sensational business. Is it my mom gram's all pissed about? I won't say you told. Will you give me a break? Was it her this morning outside the house? I'm not saying it wasn't, all right? You keep that to yourself and don't ask me anything else. Why'd my mom come back? Was it to see me? Probably see you... Probably see your dad. Come on, get in. I'll stick around and give things a chance to work out. Tell your cunt mother if it's 'cause I'm no good, that's one thing. But if it's 'cause I left shaunie at the door, I didn't leave him 'cause I didn't care. I stopped an hour before and I didn't leave him 'cause when I rang the bell and waited across the street, nobody answered. And I came back and got him and sat with him in the cab. And when she came home, I came and rang again. And I didn't walk back to the cab till I saw she'd got him. I waited across the street. I waited till she came out and picked him up in his blanket. - Okay, Tina. - You tell her I cared about him. If shaunie'd been with me, I'd have had to stay high to fuck. I'd have been used up in six months, I'd have been tricking for nickels outside the bus station. he'd have wound up dead or in an orphanage. Ask her who I was supposed to leave him with. Was I supposed to mail him to your dumpster in cabo? - Sorry. - You tell her that's fucked if it's 'cause she thinks I didn't care. All the problems you had with her, as a big a ballbuster as you talk about her being, I knew with her he'd have someone paying attention to him. Yeah, mom was never shy with the attention. Problem was just getting her out of your fuckin' face. Would you tell him he grew up handsome? I was proud he won his event. Come on, tell him yourself. What a day. What a great day, huh, John? Got to meet some hare krishnas, hang out with some eco-warriors. You got to dance in your first little drum circle. Work here, Cass. So what I'm thinking in terms of getting this wonderful work seen by as many eyes as we can, is you know, maybe... Maybe I should get back in touch with linc stark. I mean, if I had to eat a little crow and go back to work on some other project, to access, you know, linc's experience and the structure of his organization, it'd be for the sake of this great work we're doing. You know what I mean? I know what you mean. Or, as an alternative, John, you could take your hand off my cheek and go up in the air like I saw Mitch Yost do in this very room. I know that there's something going on. And I don't doubt that you're in the middle of it, John. But the thing... You know what the thing is, is that I am still a girl... From hibbing, minnesota. I still grew up hungry, and I still want to have a say what part I play in the christmas pageant. Show me that I have a little pull. Go up in the air for Cass-Kal. The camera's up in the air. Get your hands off me. It's in the camera? It's in the camera. Work here, Cass. Okay. Here we go. Abracadabra. Transforming my work area... Into your sleep area. I'm gonna find it in the camera tomorrow. Look, John, a leap of faith, huh? Abracadabra. Let's hang out all night and steal their morning paper. You saved their life, Tina... Giving her Shaunie. Man, things were so fucked up back then. Dad was hurt. They weren't that long back from the islands. I know a lot of shit went down over there, I think. Maybe stepping out on each other. A lot of acid. Even after you were done stealing from their stash? That was a nature project for school. It was coming apart at the seams for my mom, what I'm trying to say. Sure wasn't doing you any good. The second she'd lay eyes on you, she'd start screaming. Well, maybe it's because she laid eyes on you. It wasn't a burden you put on her. You know, getting shaunie to hold was a gift. She held on real tight a long fuckin' time. Get inside. Tonight is the wrong night to be creeping around. She's outside. What? Like every other thing you can't hide him from. Now let's go ask real nice if you can go peek on how good he turned out. How do you know she's out there? She's with butchie. I saw them. They send you in here? I saw them, Cissy. I went around back so they wouldn't see me. To tell me to let her in? And him? So they can fuck up shaunie like everything else? Oh my god. Oh my god. Shoot me then. Take that gun and shoot me if you want her to see him. You sit down, Cissy. you sit down at that table. Light yourself a cigarette. She only wants to look at him, mom... Then she'll go. He's sleeping. Do not wake him up. Thank you. Hey, where are you going with my gun? Out of your fuckin' house. What do you see? The stars. Clouds Of course lower down. Partial moon. Plane going who knows where. A bloodbath. Destination bloodbath, plane going who knows where. All aboard! Prepare for war, my brother. Prepare for war! all aboard! Plane going who knows where! All aboard! I'm giving hawaii to moana. He's gonna think I mean to kill him. Come try to kill me. - He don't look dope sick. - Ain't dope sick. He ain't using, what I overheard under the half-pipe. Think maybe he's coppin' somewheres else? I put it out there... no harm, no foul. You've got a special history with him... We just want to be notified. Fuck you. We know each other. I was wondering what you wanted to drink. A cosmopolitan. Did you get to see Shaun? Any casualties? How do you feel? Like now I've gotta leave town. It's nighttime, for Christ's sake. It's bad luck to leave town at night. - For the drink. - I pay. I pay. - You speak spanish? - No. I... Am mucho hombre and we'll do our drinking in the room. Thanks. Keep me in the game. www. Team-NCIS.com www. All-about-Subs. fr 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 