The Last Leg: Season 15, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Last Leg 
 s15e4 - Episode #15.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Last Leg (2012–…): Season 15, Episode 4 - Episode #15.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 # What goes on, thank you for letting us be ourselves # So don't mind me if I repeat myself # These simple lines be good for your health # To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf # Live, love life like you just don't care # 5,000 leaders never scared # Bring the noise, it's the moment they fear # Get up, still a beautiful idea # Get up, throw your hands in the air # Get up and show no fear... # APPLAUSE 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Close the blinds, settle down in front of the TV and ask - who the hell is still setting off fireworks? It's Friday, we're live, and it's time for The Last Leg. APPLAUSE Tonight on the show, we study up on American politics, refresh our European geography, and warm up for a bit of sport. - Plus we'll be joined on the couch by comedian Russell Howard and actor Tamsin Greig.. - . ..on the show that sometimes disarms the news. Good day. Hello. I'm Adam Hills. Welcome to The Last Leg, the show that looks at the news the way this unsuspecting rugby fan was caught lovingly looking at his pint. # Gwlad, gwlad... # With me on the couch as always are the pride of Dartmoor, Josh Widdicombe... Ah! .. and a man who sweats more than a CNN journalist at a House 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 press conference, Alex Brooker. APPLAUSE I'm not sure if it's worth that one joke being Alex drunk now for an hour. Look, we will cover the big news of the week in a sec, but after thinking we'd talked all we could about disability, we discovered something new last week. None of us are disabled.  LAUGHTER Normally, Alex is the sweatiest man on the planet. We actually have fights in our office because Alex insists on having the temperature so low. Yeah. But last week, when Alex's leg was taken off during the show, he actually stopped sweating - which begs the question, does the prosthetic foot make him hot? According to some people, sliding into my DMs, it does. LAUGHTER Sliding into your DMs? Isn't that what your prosthetic leg does, slide into your DMs? LAUGHTER Yeah, but, honestly, as soon as the leg went, it was like, I just cooled right down. It was amazing. So, now, do you take it off inside, so that when you put it on outside, you feel the benefit? LAUGHTER Is what we've discovered is that Alex just finally understands what clothes do? We had a big discussion about this in the office, because I wear two socks under my prosthetic. One is a normal everyday sock, and one is kind of, it's made of some cooling fibre that actually keeps your stump cool, and so, we were sitting in the office talking about... Oh, it was a great day. Fascinating! Alex and I, as often happens, sitting in a corner of the office, stumps off, legs off, you had your pants... OK, this is... I took this photo. This is what it looked like. I took this photo, and what I love the most about it is that Alex - the way it's shot, Alex's hand looks like a tiny little dick. LAUGHTER What I want to know is, why did you tell me I had to be in my pants just to look at my foot? It was all part of the thing. Look, what's weird is, cos I'm older than Alex, and clearly, I've spent longer without a foot, I consider myself to be like your disabled Mr Miyagi. What, like, wax on, leg off?  LAUGHTER And so, what I'm going to do tonight, because Alex is now wearing the sock that I told him to wear, to see if it lowers your body temperature, I've got a thermal imaging camera, to try and check out... Can we, John, can you come in and film this? There we go. So I now have... This is Alex. You can see, he's about 30... Whoa! What's going on there? LAUGHTER That's not right! LAUGHTER DROWNS SPEECH Whoa, Josh! Oh, it's paused. It's paused. LAUGHTER It was so hot, I've broken a thermal imager? Predator would have found my nut...  Whoa! Josh, pull your legs apart. LAUGHTER Whoa! It's dangerous down there. You could genuinely, you could cook an egg on that! Well, we'll get back to... Winter is coming. All gather round my cock! LAUGHTER Sorry. Thank you, Josh. LAUGHTER Wow! Oh, dear. APPLAUSE Could I just apologise? I didn't really think I was going to say that. LAUGHTER As always, we will do our best to answer your big questions this week. And tweet your questions to us at The Last Leg and use the hashtag #IsItOk. For example... Ah! What?  I've got an example this week. Have you? Yeah. Go for it.  You always do these jokes. I've watched them. OK. Yeah? Mhm. OK. Is it OK, for example... Yeah. ..is it OK that Prince Charles said if he becomes king, he won't meddle? Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Is it OK, that means he'd just be like an Australian Olympian, cos they don't meddle either! LAUGHTER LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I tell you what. Tell you what...  The temperature just rose in here. Sssss! LAUGHTER All right, the news now. Rin asked, "Is it OK, I'm waiting for Friday and The Last Leg "to explain what happened with the US vote." Now, the US mid-term elections were this week, and much like the Super Bowl, we know it's important, but we're not quite sure why. So for Rin and all the people who tweeted us this week, let me explain. - American Congress is made up of two parts, the House of Representatives and the Senate - . Between them, they were intended to provide a system of checks and balances to ensure that a power-hungry madman doesn't take over the country. Let me put it to you this way - OK, I'm the host of the show. The boss, if you like. LAUGHTER The world's worst boss. But I shouldn't be allowed to do whatever I want, right? No, you shouldn't. Which is why I didn't want to be in my pants in the office. LAUGHTER So, to make sure that I don't just do whatever the hell I want, Josh and Alex are here to keep me in check. So imagine Josh is the House of Representatives, and every two years, you, the viewers, decide if you still want him here. Alex is like the Senate and every six years, you decide if you want HIM here. Now, between...  How long have we been on? Six years? Oh ho ho ho! I'm up for re-election! So between them both, they stop me enacting my ultimate will on the show, which is a good thing.  It is a good thing. Yeah, cos if they weren't there, our opening titles would look like this. # So finally, I've got the show to myself # Those other two losers are back on the shelf # Less smutty talk and more from Australia # Less genitalia, more cricketing failure # I'll tamper with the news like a new delivery # From Donald to Theresa, right back to Hillary # Like Crocodile Dundee with political views # I'm saying that's not the news - this is the news. # APPLAUSE Do you know what? I'm going to be honest with you. When I was a kid, I was in and out of hospital a lot. I had countless operations. I had a foot amputated. And genuinely, that then just made me sadder. LAUGHTER Biggie and Pac didn't die for that. Whereas I enjoyed that clip so much, I think I've got a mid-term erection! LAUGHTER  I don't think I'll get one again! My point is, this is what the US system is designed for. It was designed to give the President a couple of years, then rebalance if necessary. So, how did it play out this week? Well, Donald Trump lost control of the House of Representatives, but increased his power in the Senate. Now, this means he can appoint judges and justices, but some of his legislation may be blocked and the Democrats could speed up investigations into him. So to use our analogy, I've now fallen out with Josh, but Alex really likes me. A very wild analogy. LAUGHTER So how did the leader of the free world deal with the result of these elections? He gave a press conference, during which he ran the gamut of emotions from sulky toddler to defiant toddler, to toddler who's been awake too long and really needs changing. The most remarkable part of this press conference came when he turned on CNN reporter Jim Acosta in this confrontational exchange. They're hundreds and hundreds of miles away. That's not an invasion... You know what, I think you should, honestly, I think you should let me run the country, you run CNN. All right. And if you did it well, your ratings would be much better. If I may ask one question. Mr President, if I may ask one as a question. Are you worried...? That's enough. That's enough. That's enough. Can I ask one other...? The other folks... That's enough. Pardon me, ma'am, I'm... Mr President... That's enough. Put down the mic. Mr President, are you worried about indictments coming down in this investigation? Mr President... I tell you what, CNN should be ashamed of itself, having you working for them. You are a rude, terrible person. Go ahead, Peter. In Jim's defence, I've travelled with him in Washington. He's a diligent reporter... Well, I'm not a big fan of yours, either. LAUGHTER So, let me ask you a question, if I can. You repeatedly...  You aren't the best. When you report fake news, which CNN does a lot, you are the enemy of the people. AUDIENCE BOOS He's like a substitute teacher who's lost control of the class. "I am going to call your mum and she's going to come down here." "You never did this for Mr Obama." LAUGHTER Also, he's got some front calling someone a rude, terrible person! It's remarkable to watch that, and just remember, that's the President of the United States! - Do you know what, you keep forgetting. You just go, oh, that's Donald Trump, that's the dic - khead. And then every now and then, you go - no, that's the President. It's the President. The House has now revoked Acosta's credentials, saying - and I quote - "We will never tolerate a reporter placing his hands on a young woman." Which is kind of confusing, cos I'm pretty sure, if you're famous, you're allowed to grab them wherever you want, aren't you? Who was it that said that? I can't remember. I can't remember. Someone. I can't remember. The highlight of the press conference for me was when Trump said he was happy to work together with the Democrats now and when asked how he thought that bipartisanship would go, he replied, "I'm better at it than they are." This photo of the President for election day, though, suggests that he doesn't even trust his wife to vote for him. LAUGHTER I actually don't think she's even voting there. I think she's just writing "help" in big letters! He's looking across at her like I used to look at... You know, the kids that would ask for more paper half an hour into an exam? Well, he looks like he's at a urinal, and he's worried about who how big his is! LAUGHTER I mean, he might just be angry because there's an immigrant voting. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Mark Jones tweeted, "Is it OK for this to happen in more than one US location?" and attached this video of a somewhat unreliable voting machine in Indiana. That's not right. It's mad. It's, like, you know, those cashpoints where the buttons don't quite line up with the screen. Yeah. Like a quiz machine in a pub.  Yes. It's unbelievable, isn't it? There were also massive queues in in tied states like Georgia after voting machines mysteriously broke down when a whole bunch of men in white hoods accidentally set fire to them all. One machine was out of action... One machine went out of action cos the batteries run out. What? So just go, "I'm not taking them out of the TV remote. No way!" LAUGHTER DROWNS SPEECH Someone just going, "Just take them out and roll them in your hands!" The people in Georgia have less of a say over the American election than people in Moscow. - In fact, both Florida and Georgia are so close, they may face recounts at the moment - . Is that right? It's nuts what's going on at the moment, because not Donald Trump is saying, "Well, it's fraudulent. There's fraud going on down there," and they're going, "No, we just haven't finished counting yet." And look, despite talk of voter suppression, there were a number of progressive victories across the country, as expressed by this enthusiastic commentator. It is the end of one-party rule in the United States, thank God, and the beginning of a new Democratic party - younger, browner, cooler, more women - more veterans can win in Michigan, can win in Pennsylvania, can win in Ohio. We have the first Muslim women, first Native American women, the first black woman from Massachusetts, first Latina from Texas. It may not be a blue wave - it's a rainbow wave. It's something happening out there and I'm happy about it. I mean, that sounds like pretty much what happened in America. To be fair, though, Donald Trump did go to great lengths to show how much support he has from some enthusiastic Native American representatives behind him at his rallies. I mean... In fairness, they probably do want to make America great again, like it was in 1492. "Yeah, I wish we'd built a wall 600 years ago!" Also, I really like the little boy scout on the left-hand side. He's there getting his racism badge. Christi tweeted us from Albuquerque, New Mexico to say... Which I really hope is not the sequel to Sharknado. Oh, I really hope it is, I'd go to that! There are now some new faces to look out for over the next two years. For example, there's Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who became the youngest woman elected to Congress and who, just a year ago, was genuinely working as a waitress in a cocktail bar. Not sure what happened next, but according to reports they picked her out, shook her up, turned her around, turned her into someone new. And if we weren't on the show, you'd have sung that in a video. According to bookmakers, the most likely candidates now to take on Donald Trump at the next election include Bernie Sanders, Kamala Harris, and the new guy, who only just lost the historically safe Republican race in Texas, but only just. A guy called Beto O'Rourke. Now, he's a former bass player in a punk band who's been arrested for burglary and driving under the influence, and whose father-in-law is worth around $20 billion. But he's being seen as the new, cool face of the Democrats, and you can see why from this passionate concession speech. I am as inspired, I'm as hopeful as I have ever been in my life, and tonight's loss does nothing to diminish the way that I feel about Texas or this country. All of you showing the country how you do this... ..I'm so fucking proud of you guys! Wow. He doesn't look like a politician, he looks like he's about to bring on Pearl Jam! Or like he's about to launch the new iPhone. Now, in the past, we've predicted political races with pig racing, a gunge slide and Hungry Hippos, and not one of them have been correct. So, at the end of tonight's show, we're gonna predict Donald Trump's next challenger in our biggest and dumbest way yet. But, look, while some progressive candidates had victories, Giles asked... All right. Let me tell you the story of Dennis Hof. He's an adult reality star and brothel owner who once wrote a book called Art Of The Pimp. Oh, fuck, I was gonna call mine that! Weren't you gonna call yours Art Of The Limp? Very nice. Very good. Lovely bit of work, lovely bit of work. Hof was confirmed as a candidate, but died two weeks before the election - this is the truth! - after spending four days celebrating his 72nd birthday. None of this is made up, by the way. He was found dead at his Love Ranch brothel by the porn star Ron Jeremy, and some reports said that rapper Flava Flav was "distraught." Flava Flav was just there, checking his pulse using his big clock. "Time of death!" In fairness to Hof, I think we're being unfair to him, because according to his voters he had charisma, he had integrity and he had dignity, and that was just three of the girls that were working for him. Lovely bit of business. When the coroner was asked about the cause of death, he said, "Don't blame it on the sunshine, don't blame it on the moonlight, definitely blame it on the good times." How do you give a concession speech when you've lost to a dead guy?! What do you do? Get up on stage and go, "Well, he was stiff competition"? And also, how do you console the person who lost? What do you say to someone? "Hey, you ran a good race, honey." And they go, "No, I didn't! I was beaten by a pimp corpse!" There must have been people in the Democrats thinking, "Well, maybe we can bring back Kennedy!" Although, to be fair, he may struggle with the whole Me Too movement. GASPS What, too soon?! To give his side of the story, though, it is only fair that we try and contact Dennis Hof. So I've got a map of Nevada, I'm gonna move this glass around until I can actually contact... Dennis, are you there, Dennis? What's happening, baby? Dennis, is that you?  You bet yo ass. Dennis, it's Adam Hills from The Last Leg here. Sup, baby. Where exactly are you?  I'm in heaven, baby. How did you get into heaven? Even Saint Peter thinks I'm a legend. So what have you been doing up in heaven? This and that. Put it this way, she's not a Virgin Mary any more. Oh! Oh, do you know what, I think... Whoa. I think we might have to leave it there. I said, "If the clouds are rocking, don't bother knocking." That's what I say. Well, Dennis, can you put God on? WOMAN: Hello? God, it's Adam Hills here. Yes, I know. Of course you do. Of course you do?! You arrogant bastard! Don't ask why she took your foot away. You've done very well out of it. God, if you don't mind me asking, how did Dennis Hof get into heaven? Erm, yep, that was a clerical error. I thought it was The Hoff. I see. So what are you going to do...? Sorry, sorry, Adam, I have to go. He's harassing the angels! Oh, for me's sake! LINE GOES DEAD All right, let's welcome tonight's guest. That is both my favourite... That's just my favourite thing we've ever done. Every week, can we contact the dead please, Adam? She's an actor who's appeared in Green Wing episodes and Black Books, he's a comedian who holds the record for the biggest ever stand-up show in China. Would you please welcome Tamsin Greig and Russell Howard! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE All right? How you doing? You all right?  Yeah, good, thank you. Tamsin, Russell, welcome to the show. Wow, this is really hot! Wow! Isn't it amazing? Who knew that Alex's dick was causing global warming? It's really effective, I'm really cold! Thanks. Don't touch! It's my fire. Forget it. What are your... What are your reactions to what went on in America this week? It was fascinating. Yeah. I was really nervited. Nervited? You know, nervous and excited at the same time. I thought, "Isn't that amazing that I'm really excited and nervous "about another country?" I think that's really interesting. And then I woke up and then all these women were suddenly changing the landscape. Really fantastic. And then I heard that Trump was calling it "a tremendous success." Yeah. But I knew that the House of Representatives had gone to the Democrats, so then I wondered whether he had forgotten that he was a Republican, and then I remembered that he was a Democrat. Yes. He used to be a Democrat. He was a Democrat, then an independent, then a Republican, and then now he's a Republican. What I found fascinating was he said, "Now it's actually gonna be "easier for me to get stuff done, because before we couldn't "win over all the Republicans" - even though he's the head of the party. He is, of course, fond of bullshit. I keep forgetting that. Yes. What I found most baffling about it is the fact that Acosta's had his pass revoked. Yeah. He didn't touch her. Like, if I'd have been him, I would have just gone, straightaway, "VAR." I've seen more contact in a Christian porno. And I've seen a lot. Maybe Trump got a little bit confused by his name. What, his own name? No, yeah, he thought he was an accoster. Pretty amazing, though, we've got all these... Over 100 women have been elected.  Yes. I think it's the time for women. That makes sense, doesn't it? OK, a few people are like... My thinking about it is kindness. An example of this - I was on the Tube recently and a girl got stuck in the Tube door, and her friends helped her... AUDIENCE GIGGLES  Why are they laughing?! Why? They didn't laugh. "Sarah!" They rescued her. Sarah? They were stroking her hair. If that was a man, he'd still be on the Circle line. "Lads, seriously!" "Say hello to Facebook, you fat fuck." Time for kindness. So, Tamsin, you've spent a lot of time in American, how does American politics compare to British politics, do you think? Well, I've never met any American politicians, but I do imagine that the people who work in the television industry in LA are similar creatures. I think that they're better dressed, probably, than the Brits, the American politicians, and also have a finer way with spin. Right. I think it's all... But we do have to remember the context. Even Steve Bannon said of Trump, "He knows nothing and doesn't give a shit." That sounds like a deodorant ad. I reckon he could get elected next term with that slogan. "Trump - I know nothing and I don't give a shit." "Yeah, I'll vote for you!" Now, look, last week we had help from this wrestler to demonstrate what could've happened to Trump in the midterm elections. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Go on, you know you need to. Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! Ah! Oh! So this week we're gonna use the same wrestler to demonstrate what actually did happen. Would you please welcome our wrestler back again! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Now, rather than being body-slammed by the Democrats, Trump went head-to-head with them during the week, and in the House of Representatives was given a slap in the face. Oh, Jesus! However, in the Senate, the Democrats got burned. Yeah! How do you like that? Come on, you wuss. Now, that wasn't in the script and I regret saying it. Now... Now Trump's agreed to sit down with the Democrats and try to get along. AUDIENCE: Aww! CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS Oh, allow me. There you go. See? It's all friendly now, isn't it? Oh, go on. But in doing all this, Donald Trump's now afraid he's going to look weak, plus he still needs someone to fight against. So now, once again, he's decided to turn on... ..the media. GLASS SMASHES And that is pretty much the state of American politics right now. We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break, as the Brexit Secretary rubs people the wrong way. We'll see you in a little bit. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE - Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're joined by Russell Howard and Tamsin Greig. Amy G said, "Is - it OK that Russell is sat looking like he has forgotten to put his prostatic leg on? LAUGHTER And Craig said, "Is it OK my visually impaired wife just saw Russell Howard and Tamsin Greig "appear on the show and asked, 'Is that Jedward?'" Yeah. LAUGHTER Excellent. We do look like we could be sisters. We do. Russell, you are on tour next year, with a show called Respite. - Respite, yes. And the rumour is that Josh kind of weird, makes a little, weird cameo in yo - ur... No, I did a gig in Southampton and I was kind of ad-libbing. I was talking about the damaging effect of pornography on children. Yeah. And, because that's how kids... Wait. LAUGHTER But that's how kids learn. I saw a kid the other day on the tube, watching porn. He wasn't even touching himself, he was just watching it, and you're like, "Who watches porn for the stories?" But... "I knew they'd get together."  LAUGHTER But... I was thinking that we need a wholesome role model in porn. - We need a boy next-door, we need a man who looks like he'd be a tender, gentle, giving lov - er... LAUGHTER ..and I believe it's Josh. I... if I had a son, I would genuinely make him watch you make love. I think that would be...  LAUGHTER Like, when he's of an age, but I just think, I think you'd be tender... - That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. Well, what's really funny about I - t - is, cos I did it in a gig in Southampton, and the next day Josh rang me up and was lik - e, "Hello, I understand you've been doing stuff about me." I really went for it at this gig, doing lots of... What did it sound like? RUSSELL GROANS LAUGHTER - But it was like... After the creepy door had opened, then what happened? But it was sort o - f... IMPERSONATING JOSH: "We're making mutual love." "Really, and you're coming, I'm coming, we're all coming!" And I think, of all...  Is he from East Asia?  LAUGHTER But I think, of all comedians, you would be the best, like, you can't have Jimmy. Imagine Jimmy Carter just... "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"  LAUGHTER Andy Parsons, "Far too erratic!"  Could you stop, could you stop making it jiggle? It's really disconcerting. I don't like it when... - But I think, I genuinely think that you should do that, I think you should stop being a com - edian... Do you have children? I don't have children. Great. Yeah.  LAUGHTER But don't you think? - So there is, but there is a new series of the Russell Howard Hour coming out as well. Yes - . - It's already out, isn't it? It started yesterday, sorry, on Sky One, did it not? It did, yes - . Yes. And we have a clip of it.  Lovely. Here's Russell in action. Theresa May doesn't have the skills to get a good deal. Do you know who we need? Ant and Dec. Likeable, charismatic. I'm serious. Think of all the people they've convinced to eat crocodile balls. They could get a deal! Ant would be amazing in Europe! A, he's not busy, and B, he's used to driving on the wrong side of the road. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I'm just saying. All right, well, we're talking Brexit. James asked... Now, in the last few hours, the Transport Minister and Boris Johnson's brother Jo has resigned while calling for a second referendum. He basically said our two current choices are to either be a servant of the EU or to descend into chaos. Either way, he said, the Government have made a mess of it and he is out. I mean, regardless of which way you voted, this is now turning into an enormous... what's the word I'm looking for? Clusterfuck. There have been 13 Tory resignations over Brexit, and 19 ministerial losses overall since the referendum. That's in two years! Since 2016, the Cabinet has lost more members than the Louis CK Fan Club. I mean, is this... Are you, are you losing all hope?  I'll be brutally honest, I only found out today that Boris Johnson had a brother.  LAUGHTER And I work in topical comedy. I was like, "Oh, my God! Yeah. He's got a brother." I heard that. It said Jo Johnson resigned. I looked at it, I was like, "Oh, tell you who he looks like, Boris Johnson." It's awkward when you disagree and your siblings are, like, in the Government, cos when Ann Widdecombe was Shadow Home Secretary, it was a fucking nightmare. - And while Theresa May's convoy was involved in an accident in Belgium today, Dominic Raab was - involved in his own European car crash. Paddy asked... - On Thursday, Dominic Raab gave this worryingly inept speech to a tech conference in Lon - don. We make clear that we want a bespoke arrangement on goods which recognises the peculiar, frankly, geographical economic entity that is the United Kingdom. We are, and I hadn't quite understood the full extent of this, but if you look at the UK, and you look at how we trade in goods, we are particularly reliant on the Dover-Calais crossing. No shit?! LAUGHTER Who would've thought that our closest port to mainland Europe would be that busy? How else did you imagine goods got here? On a fucking unicorn?! Do you think Santa brings them? Where do you think the Eurostar ends up?! I imagine, like, Dominic Raab going to the White Cliffs of Dover on a clear day and someone going, "Never guess what that is over there. "France." He's like, "Fuck off!" Wait till he finds out where Ireland is, it's going to blow his fucking mind! - Do you reckon he'll be like that with the sea? "Oh, I didn't think it was this wet. - " He knows, though, that, that...  SHE GULPS - ..that he does, the swallow after he said that, because it is a sub-clause, he didn't need - to say - it. Yeah. He didn't need to say, "I didn't really understand that bit." He didn't, and the - n he goes... SHE GULPS That's the giveaway, isn't it? And also, if you don't know, just lie. You know what I mean? Just go, "Yeah, it's going to be fine." Even if it's not, just bullshit your way through it. Don't go... "I don't know what I'm doing."  And that's why, that's why you shouldn't be a parent. OK. LAUGHTER I want to know, what else has Dominic Raab just realised? - Do you know what I mean? I'll lay money right now he's sitting at home watching The Sixth Se - nse, going, "Hang on, something's not right about that Bruce Willis character." In fact, that's our poll for tonight - what else has Dominic Raab just realised? Tweet us @thelastleg, use the hashtag... We'll check on it later in the show. And before we go to the break, though, a lot of people tweeted us this week about the English amputee football team. In particular they highlighted this tweet from the BBC, that said... To which one Twitter user responded... I mean, that is the Paralympic legacy right there, people. And here's the weird thing, Alex actually played amputee football. Yeah. For a little while. Yeah, for a little while, yeah. OK. I don't think I'm quite welcome much, playing it any more. Yeah, you were a little rough, weren't you? We've got video of how rough... This is Alex in action. Ball goes in to... look, I've got too close to my man, and... O-o-o-o-oh! - And then just walk away! Horrible. You just walk away as if nothing's happened! It's that g - esture - afterwards. Yeah. I thought, I got... I did a two-footed challenge and I've only got one - foot. - But the best thing about that, one of the, one of the rules of amputee football is, no slide - tackles. - And there was a guy with a prosthetic as well. There was a guy with a prosthetic, yeah - . Well, only afterwards. He made a noise like two atoms colliding. It was horrible. Look, of all the sports we've tried on this show, we realised we've never had a crack at amputee football. So I reckon it's time to do it. - And to show us how it's done, would you please welcome England amputee footballer Helder S - ilva. APPLAUSE Helder, pleasure to meet you. Thank you for coming. Now, couple of fascinating things about Helder. Helder is from, you were born in Portugal. Yes, I was born in Portugal. - But Portugal don't have an amputee football team. They don't have an amputee nor either a na - tional league, so UEFA allowed me to play here for England. Which is amazing. Yes. So the last game you played was in front of 42,000 people. Yes, last year in Turkey we played at Besiktas Stadium against 42,000 people in the stands, booing the national anthem. Wow! OK. And what, you have actually also played against Alex. Yes, we are team-mates at Arsenal. What's he like to play with?  Well, put it this way, how do you think I lost my leg? LAUGHTER All right. So, what we're going to have is a bit of a football shoot-out, but we are going to put Alex in goal.  Of course you are, why wouldn't you? - But here's the thing, because the rules of amputee football are that the people in goal have t - o have... - Have you given him a big hand? Well, you have to have an arm deficiency if you're in goal, - so I - am going to help you with this, but I'm going to tape this one up. What the fuck?! Yeah, y - eah, - so just there... You have to be an arm amputee, as it turns out. My nickname, "Unsafe Han - ds". Right, there we go. Just... Hang on, hang on. I need, there we go. Yeah, I'm good. You are right? OK. Well, kind of, I'm being... Yeah. Oh, man that... This is swiftly turning into torture. - What the... So, Helder, if you could come up and have a first shot. I've got a degre - e! Yeah. "I've got a degree!"  LAUGHTER OK, you ready? You ready? Yeah. O-o-o-oh! APPLAUSE OK. All right. So, one by one, we are going to...  Don't pelt it. You ready? - Josh, you've got to kick it with your foot you're standing on, by the way. Yeah, I'm aware - of that. He cannot put the foot on the floor. And good goal! APPLAUSE OK. Tamsin, would you like to have a go? OK, Tamsin, it is your turn.  Which one do I kick it with? The one that's on the ground now. O-o-o-o-oh! APPLAUSE I mean, this is... this is terrible.  I mean, this is humiliating. All right. And one for you, Russell Howard, and I know you are very - competitive, so you've got to kick with the foot that's on the ground. Oh, really? Yea - h. So I go like that with that one?  Yeah. Yeah. Who-o-o-o-oa! Oh! LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE We'll be back with more of The Last Leg, and we'll continue this - to find a winner during the ad break. This is never going to end! And we'll put it on Inst - agram. But we do want to know, what else has Dominic Raab just realised? Tweet us @thelastleg. Use the hashtag.... We'll continue this. Check us out on Instagram. We'll see you back in a little bit. APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're still joined by Russell Howard and Tamsin Greig. During the ad break, we kept going with the amputee football shoot-out, and I'm very proud to say that Russell Howard was the winner. Aw. You get the official... ..amputee trophy, it's all yours. Oh, that's lovely!  Was somebody take this off me? No! Well, what I don't like about this is, I think it's going to give people an idea to catch and hunt disabled people. AUDIENCE LAUGH THEY ALL SPEAK OVER EACH OTHER Let's take it off. Stand up. Crucially, as well. I look like I could be like a trophy on an American dentist's wall. Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye. HE CRIES OUT And crucially, Alex asked for Jaffa cakes. Fuck! Ah! That looks brutal, man. That's genuinely the most painful thing you've ever had happened to your arm, isn't it? AUDIENCE LAUGH Before we go on, I want to give a quick shout out to a woman who was in the audience of a Channel 4 show this week. She was sat behind Nigel Farage as he was speaking. She's on the right of your screen, she's in the stripy top, have a look at her reaction over his shoulder. What we're getting here is it a Remainer's Brexit, Theresa May never believed in it. She's watered it down. AUDIENCE LAUGH She was a viral hero! She is here tonight! Well done. OK, back to the news. Alistair McMurray asked, "Is it OK to feel ever slowed slightly "scared after what's happened in California and Melbourne this week?" Now, it has been a bit of a bleak week, a bleak week in some ways. There was another mass shooting in America, and to give you an idea of how depressingly used to it we are, we haven't mentioned it until this part of the show. It wasn't our biggest story. Overnight, a man in Melbourne conducted a one-man terror attack, and to top it off all here in England this week, a group of absolute cockspanks burnt an effigy of Grenfell Tower on a bonfire, and footage of it was posted on Facebook, and many people pointed out, those cockspanks have been dealt with more harshly than those that actually caused the Grenfell fire. There's nothing we can say about these events, - there's nothing funny we can say about it, and there's nothing that we really want to say at - all, except that our hearts go out to anyone affected by them. And while there are some terrible things happening in the world right now, there are some lovely moments, as well. So, for Alistair who tweeted in, and everyone who is currently in need of a feel-good story, we found this clip this week. It's of a bear and its mother. It went viral this week, as they did their best to overcome a very slippery slope. This will warm your heart. Now, there's the mother, almost at the top. The bear is... Oh! Do you know what, I look at that, and I think my daughter's spoiled. LAUGHTER This is a moment where he nearly gets to the top, now the mother was trying to help, as it turns out, but the fall from this bear just keeps going... And going... And going... What you can't hear, is the bear is actually going, "Weee!" AUDIENCE LAUGH And the mummy Bear was like going, not here, no, not here! It took another 30 seconds, and then eventually the bear made it to the top! THEY CHEER Very quickly, Stephen Hawford said, "I is it OK that..." Oh, sorry, were you going to say something then? No. OK. "Is it OK that Bill Gates was holding up a jar of faeces in a "recent toilet expo? "At least the smell wouldn't have been too bad as he knows how "to use Windows." AUDIENCE GROAN I'd bring a jar of shit into the office, you all have a go at me! Bill Gates does it, and he's a genius! It's weird, because he brought the shit out to demonstrate, human shit to demonstrate... We don't know... Yeah. No, he said it was... But was it his or...? Whose was it? He's got a bit on his lip, there. THEY GROAN But, with the shit in the jar, has someone gone, like direct into it? Cos I wouldn't, if it was me, I wouldn't trust myself with that. Or, have you scooped it?  No, I think we can move on. AUDIENCE LAUGH The bear clip was good, though, wasn't it? Apparently he is... But the whole point of this is that Bill Gates has invented a new toilet that doesn't use sewers, and it doesn't use water, and it's supposedly amazing for the environment. We're inventing new toilets? Yes. Fantastic! I say, instead of... We just have big, like, just Piers Morgan's mouth. AUDIENCE GROAN Imagine that. The joy you'd take having a movement! Having a movement! Tamsin, what would you change about a toilet if you could? Well, what I'd do is, you know when you go into a toilet, public or your own, and you go there, and there is just poo down the back of the loo, because they flushed, but they haven't checked that it's all gone away. What I would do is that if they walked out of the bathroom, there would be a sprinkler system over them... Yeah. And also then they would be locked in the toilet, and they would be bleached, and everything in the room would be bleached. Wow, yeah. Just make sure that people remember, you look and check down the back. You really do have children, don't you? Briefly, Rebecca asked, "Is it OK that a statue that is "supposed to be Mo Salah actually looks nothing like him?" This is what the footballer Mo Salah looks like. This is what a statue unveiled this week looked like. AUDIENCE LAUGH Do you know what, when my agent came to me and said, we've got a job for you doing a hand model for a Mo Salah statue, I said it wouldn't work, but Jesus! It looks like Art Garfunkel! It genuinely looks like you and Alex have had a kid. We are trying.  And it's been frozen in carbonite. And finally, in other football news, this clip went around today. This is an amazing clip. It features an overenthusiastic dad trying to encourage his goalkeeping son to stay on the ball. The match was tight, this gave them momentum. PLAYERS SHOUT Where's the goalkeeper going? Get back in your goal! Oh! THEY LAUGH We'll be back with more on The Last Leg in a minute, as Josh wraps up the last seven days, and we predict Donald Trump's next challenger in a unique and ill-advised way that has already made our health and safety officers nervous. To give you an idea, I've got to put this on. We'll see you in a little bit. APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're still joined by Russell Howard and Tamsin Greig. We will explain these costumes in a second. First, Josh... It would be so good if they played no role in the rest of the show. - We were just about to, we actually wanted to put these on to talk about the serious new - s. Josh has been canvassing the last seven days. What have you got? - So, this is my favourite ever clever from University Challenge, and there's a lot of contend - ers.Yeah. - So this is amazing. Watch the guy, Tsang, in the bottom left corner as the buzzer goes o - ff. Watch his reaction. ..describe which beverage in a cantata with music by JS Bach? BUZZER Coffee. - Can we watch him one more time? I love it. Yeah, go on, we need to watch him again. One more - time. Go on. Just watch Tsang. ..in a cantata with music by JS Bach? BUZZER Coffee. Briefly, we asked you what else you thought Dominic Raab had just realised. Let's see, AJ said, "that Dr Dre is not a real doctor." Alan, "You aren't actually inside his telly." Sam, "He's just realised why this show is called The Last Leg." LAUGHTER And Bully, "Raab just realised that bears shit in the woods." Now, being the way we're dressed, that's probably inappropriate. Very quickly, Mark H asked... Yes. Professor Hawking's wheelchair and a copy of a thesis he wrote fetched almost £1 million at auction. He was literally sitting on a goldmine. That's exciting. Yeah. Which bit of Alex am I going to... I'm going to buy his leg when he dies. Really? Yeah. - Do you know, I hope, I hope there's someone watching this show on recreational drugs - . LAUGHTER Just sort of sat there...  By the way, just a personal note, I reckon the person that bought Stephen Hawking's wheelchair must be rolling in it. Yay.  GROANS AND LAUGHTER That's all we've got time for tonight. Would you please thank our guests, Tamsin Greig... APPLAUSE ..and Russell Howard. And my co-hosts, Josh Widdicombe... ..and Alex Brooker. Next week we'll be joined by comedian Jimmy Carr, but tonight - we want to try to predict who will go head-to-head with Donald Trump at the next US presidentia - l election. Now, in the past, we've used Hungry Hippos and racing pigs, but tonight it's pretty obvious we are going to use climbing bears. Josh, Alex and I will each take a paw that represents a different possible candidate. I'm Bernie Sanders. We will try and make it up the slippery slope and place the paw as high as we can. The highest paw will be our prediction. Oh, my God! I'm nervous. But I can't reach as far as you lot. You'll have a bigger run-up. Josh, who have you got? Bernie Sanders. OK,. BEAR-nie Sanders. Bearnie Sanders. Go. Am I going? Yeah. Go for it. As high as you can get. CHEERING Who-o-o-oa! APPLAUSE I'm not sure I can beat that. That was good. All right, I'll go next. I've got Kamala Harris. CHEERING APPLAUSE Go on, Alex! Come on, Alex! CHEERING LAUGHTER Did I win? Go on, have one more go, have one more go. Go on. Come on, you've got Beto O'Rourke. Here, Alex, one more, take this, take this, Beto O'Rourke. Go with Beto. CHEERING LAUGHTER Go, Russell! Come on, Russell! Go on! CHEERING Yes!  APPLAUSE That is our official prediction. Beto O'Rourke will be the next Democratic candidate. Thanks for watching The Last Leg. Come around, everyone. - My name is Adam Hills. See you next week for the next leg. Goodnight. Come on, up, the - n. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Subtitles by Red Bee Media 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 