The Last Leg: Season 20, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Last Leg 
 s20e1 - Episode #20.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Last Leg (2012–…): Season 20, Episode 1 - Episode #20.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 # What goes on # Thank you for letting us be ourselves # So don't mind me if I repeat myself These simple lines be good for your health # To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf # Live, love life like you just don't care # 5,000 leaders never scared # Bring the noise, it's the moment they fear # Get up, still a beautiful idea # Get up, throw your hands in the air # Get up and show no fear... # 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Get rid of your chocolate, buy a pair of trainers, then decide to start your New Year's resolution next week. It's Friday, we're live, and it's time for The Last Leg. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Tonight on the show, we look at a right Royal Rumble... ..see who's got the Labour leadership licked... and discuss the Big Ben bongs. Plus we'll be joined on the couch by MP Jess Phillips and comedian John Bishop. On the show that always retains its dignity. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE G'day! Hello. I'm Adam Hills. Welcome to The Last Leg, the show that thinks if Donald Trump gets impeached, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 they're going to have to buy his handcuffs in the children's department. With me on the couch, as always, are the pride of Dartmoor, Josh Widdicombe, and the man who thought a teetotaller was the person that adds up your golf score, Alex Brooker! {\an1}CHEERING Now, we're not entirely sure what happened over the break for Alex, but you have made a quite momentous life decision. Yeah, I'm not doing Dry January. I'm doing Dry Series. So I'm not going to touch alcohol... For this entire series? For this whole series. Just during the episodes? No. As in, like, full-on. Oh, advert breaks as well? Advert breaks. Even the time out of it. I just basically... I've got a bit plump. It's a big problem. But I haven't told you the real reason why I want to be healthier. I think there was a bit of a miracle that happened over Christmas and, like, I've not told you this until now... Yeah? ..but I think there's... Some of my limbs are starting to grow back. Hear me out. Just over Christmas, I looked down at my leg and I saw, like, a little lump growing. Yeah? And I think it's a toe. I've been to the doctor. He says it's a verruca. But I think he's just trying to, like, play down my expectations. So I'm figuring, if I don't drink... Yeah? Like, you're not meant to drink while you're pregnant, are you? And you're growing then. So if I don't drink, by March the 20th... Yeah. ..I will have fully grown back. Then I'm going to do Able April. Yeah? And then just be back disabled again for the next series. I'm genuinely... But you have given up drinking, genuinely. Yeah, fully given up drinking. No messing about. No loopholes - not like you'll have a spaghetti bolognese with a full bottle of wine in it. No, I'm off it, mate. I... I genuinely think it's a reason to celebrate. I think so too. I think let's celebrate. Let's... {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you. Hold my glass. Thank you, thank you. No, genuinely, I'm very proud of you. I'm not sure which is the worst of these to hold, this or the bottle. I'm very scared of corks, genuinely. Oh, God. Argh... I once saw a groom get himself in the eye. So... CORK POPS Whoa! There we go. There we go. So well done. Congratulations on giving up drinking, Alex. APPLAUSE Genuinely. Get off! Josh also had quite a memorable event happen during the break. I'll put down the champagne, because I've had... I had the most humiliating experience of my life happen over Christmas. Right? Yeah? So obviously, I know you two have got your, like, medical problems yourself. "Medical problems"?! It's not... It's not called the "Medical Problems Olympics". Well, if it was, I'd be allowed in cos I have one now. Imagine if you parked at Tesco in a medical problem bay. So... But you've furthered the, you know, the disabled cause. And I've got my own medical problem. So I thought I had haemorrhoids. I don't know if that allows... I'm just being honest here. right? You guys are honest about what's happened to you. I thought I had haemorrhoids. It was awful, cos I've never had, like, an embarrassing illness before. Yeah? And I had to phone up the doctor and I had to talk... And I was like, "Can I come in?" And they were like, "Can you describe all the things "down the phone, everything in detail?" I had to describe, like, where it was and what it was and what I was doing. And... ..got to the end of the most humiliating conversation of my life and there was a pause and she went... .."Are you the comedian Josh Widdicombe?" I reckon she said that because she's seen you on this show for five years, sat with your leg underneath one and she's gone, "Fucking knew it. "I called it!" Have you had haemorrhoids? No, I haven't. It's a good job I haven't either, cos I probably wouldn't be able to apply the cream myself. I'd have to get you to do it. I have got you a little gift, though. Yeah? Cos I heard about your haemorrhoid problem. I didn't have haemorrhoids in the end. Oh, did you not? You didn't? No, I just had another problem that was sorted with cream. Which actually sounds worse, I've just realised. I got you a little present. Yeah? Bring on present for Josh, his little cushion. There you go, mate. Oh, thanks! Oh, thank you! Got a little bum ring. There you go. APPLAUSE Genuinely... You know what happened? She said... Because I had to apply the cream, but it's quite a precise thing, and she said... It can't be that precise! No, she said... She looked at me and she said, "Your hand's too big. "Have you got a friend with a smaller hand that can do it?" It was the best Boxing Day Alex has ever had. It was wonderful. As always, we will do our best to answer any questions this week. {\an5}You can tweet them to using the hashtag. {\an5}For example, is OK that Gwyneth Paltrow's company, Goop, released a candle this week called - and I'm not making this up - This Smells Like My Vagina. {\an1}AUDIENCE GASPS Is it OK that you have to tickle the wick for half an hour before you can get it to light up? I'm not making... We haven't made this up just for the show. This is what the candle looks like. {\an8}It's bold, it's in your face, {\an8}it does exactly what it says on the tin. {\an8}It's called This Smells Like My Vagina. {\an8}The thing is, though, if I saw those in a shop, I'd just want to rip the labels off and put them on something else. The candles cost £58, they have apparently already sold out. You know why that is? Why? You're 50 this year. Yeah? Get ready for the best birthday cake of all time. Your birthday is going to fucking stink, my friend. Oh, God. Somewhere, Chris Martin is writing a song called Well, I Dodged That Bullet. All right, let's get onto the big news. And Sarah said... Now, if you don't know, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle said they want to step away from the Royal family and go out on their own, in what's been called a Megxit. They've said they will now spend more time in Canada, in what they're calling a Mentrance. By the way, well played to the ad exec who pulled this off. This was yesterday's Metro. Featured an article about Meghan and her dad. "If dad's called to court, he will come..." There it is. Underneath, though, there's an ad for Canada. An Expedia ad that says, "Canada - escape the family." {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Excellent piece. Excellent piece of business. All right, open it up. What do you think? Um... It's weird, isn't it? They're dropping like flies, the Royals. Andrew - gone. Harry - gone. Yeah. Two years, you're going to go to be knighted and it's going to be Jamie Laing. I... I... I'm genuinely... I understand why Prince Harry and Meghan have done it. I think you can see, like, Prince Harry obviously, it's... The press were involved in maybe the death of his mum, and his wife is just getting kind of hounded by the press, often in kind of racially dodgy ways. And you go, "Of course he doesn't want any part of it." I can completely understand that. I think the sad thing is probably that it's going to mean that the press double down on them, so it's... You know. I don't know. Let's put it this way - I don't know, if he's got 30 million in the bank, why he would carry on wanting to be a Royal anyway. If I had 30 million, I wouldn't be sat here, mate. He doesn't need.... What job does he need? He doesn't need a job, he's got £30 million. He's not going to get back on the circuit. You're not next year going to go, "Have you heard Harry is the hedgehog in The Masked Singer?" My... Alex? My first thought when I saw the news that Harry wanted to leave the Royal family was, "How shit was his Christmas present that he got off the Queen?" Yeah. Cos I that year when my brother got a Game Boy and I got Mr Frosty and, if I'd have had the choice, I'd have left the family then. But my other thought is, I think, fair play to them. And, like, they should be allowed to leave and stuff like that and he's probably right, you know, to do what's best for them. I don't see any hassle with it. My big thing with it is, it just made me... Like, it's been straightforward - the Queen's kind of said... They had a meeting and then they're going to transition out. Yeah. Just made me think that, like, the Royal family, like, it's become a bit like... It's boring now, how it all works. Like, medieval times, he'd have gone to the Queen and said that, she'd have said, "Yeah, you can leave... "..if you beat my champion." And we'd have had a scenario where Prince Harry maybe had to, like, fight Ant Middleton in Trafalgar Square. And loads of people would watch that. Then it got me thinking that the Queen had a tough year kind of last year. You know, Philip doing the car in. Yeah. Andrew... I mean... ANDREW! Yeah. And then obviously, you know, this with Harry wanting to leave. And I think that she... I worried that she might just go, "Fuck it, I am going back old school..." Yeah. ..and if anyone messes with her, like, bring back beheading. And then it got me thinking, if she did bring it back... ..do you reckon it would be on telly, and how many people would watch it? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, what channel? I don't know. Would it be, like...? You know, like, sometimes it's like England World Cup games are - ITV get one... It's on ITV, but you all watch it on BBC. Yeah. Or, like... I don't know, though. Just... I'll be honest with you, I've not been drinking, so I've had a lot of time to think about this! I'd imagine that would be the most watched TV show of all time. Yeah. Like, Right Royal Beheading. And then followed up with, like, Jo Brand then talks about what happened... ..in a show called Extra Slice. For me, do you know what? Ever since I've come to Britain, people have complained about the Royals. Yeah. I always found it amazing people would say, "They don't do anything, they leech off the public, "they should go out and get a real job." Now two of them have said, "Right, we're going to go out and get a real job "and not leech off the public," and people are going, "Oh, but what about all the things you do!" So... And I don't understand what more Harry has to do to prove himself. He's served his country in Afghanistan, he lost his mum, he virtually invented the Invictus Games. Yeah. You know what I mean? And you know things must be bad for him here when he wants to move to Canada in January. It's -22 in Calgary today. And, Alex, you saw this coming, though. Yeah, I did. Well, I thought that it didn't look good when... You remember when during the Queen's Speech and all the photos {\an8}were on the table? Yeah? And that's, like... {\an8}I mean, you've got William with his whole family {\an8}and Harry's, like, nowhere to be seen. Yeah. {\an8}That was quite pointed. The only way I think the Queen could have got out of upsetting him was if she said to him, "Nah, it's one of those digital photo frames. "Like, if you'd have waited five minutes... "..you'd pop up." I think she should have all her family on and then, as they leave the Royal family, she should just pop them down like Guess Who? So she'd go, "Is he friends with a paedo?" So here's the... Here's the weird thing about this week's news. I was invited to Buckingham Palace yesterday for the draw of the Rugby League World Cup. That was being drawn by Prince Harry. Yeah. So Prince Harry had the draw for the Rugby League World Cup? Yeah. That sounds like something the Queen's made him do as a punishment. Well, fair play to him, because that was locked in before all of this happened and then they make the announcement, but he still said, "No, no, no, I'm going to do it." And it's entirely possible this is the last thing he will do. Are you sure he didn't say, "That is the last thing I want to do." So here's the thing, I wasn't going to go. No. Cos I thought, we need to prepare the show. We need Thursday to prepare the show. Which is hilarious when you consider how fucking ramshackle it is. And then people were going, "No, no, you've got to go, you've got to go. You might meet him." I was like, "I'm not going to meet Prince Harry. "I mean, what's going to happen?" So I went yesterday... This is the best thing that's ever happened, by the way. I was introduced to Prince Harry, and this was his reaction. Adam. Adam will play in the physical disability league. {\an1}APPLAUSE So... Adam! I... I mean, I thought his reaction was going to be, "Where's the other Hairy Biker?" if I'm honest with you. It's unbelievable. Well, so he then introduced himself to everybody else and then said, "Right, who are the players here?" And then looked at me and went, "Well, I know you don't play." And I went, "Well, actually I do," and I started to tell him about how I play disability rugby league. I can now - I've got a medical condition. Yeah, I'm not entirely sure what position you play when you've got haemorrhoids. I think dodgy left back. I don't want to go in the scrum, I'll tell you that. The thing is, I tried to talk about rugby league but he then got distracted by the beard, and then this happened... I love that! There's two people who've never seen Byker Grove, discussing Byker Grove. I just imagine Prince Harry walking away from it going, to Meghan, "We have made the right decision. "This country...!" Just what blows my mind is we're doing a topical show... Yeah. ..he is the main person in the biggest story of the year, right? You've met him and you've talked about your fucking beard! You couldn't have missed the story more! Well... Emily Maitlis if, when she'd sat down with Prince Andrew, she'd gone, "Shall we talk about my hair for an hour?" The weird thing was, later yesterday afternoon, I got a text from one of the guys in our rugby league team, who'd been watching it, and his name's Harry. So I looked at my phone and there's a message and it says, "From Harry, great to see you at the Palace today." I got really excited. I thought he was texting me! But then... What?! There's more?! There's more, cos I thought, "This is going to... "This might even make the news in Australia," and I was really excited to, like, have friends and family in Australia go, "Oh, my God, we just saw the news, and you met Prince Harry." And it did make the news, but a guy called James tweeted me and said... He attached this photo. Have a look. {\an1}LAUGHTER AND GROANS Can I just point out - clearly that is Prince Andrew on the right - that's not me on the left! I have never met Prince Andrew in my life. And, if I have, I don't recall meeting Prince Andrew. In fact, the day... The day that photo was taken, I was at Grant Place Pizza in Bacchus Marsh. I was having a diamond cut, I remember it specifically. Darren Goodhind said... {\an5}Yeah, I mean, technically it is. Prince Harry described it as, "one of the best manicured and styled beards I've ever seen." Fucking hell. I know! But here's the weird thing. We've then had... I've had tweets from people, and we've had tweets here overnight, from people saying, "Now it has to stay." The plan was this beard was going to come off on the 31st of January. Like, as we left the EU. But now I'm wondering, if it's had the Royal decree, should the beard stay? Oh, no. Oof! Look, I'm going to open it up as a poll. That's our poll tonight. {\an5}Should I keep the beard? Please, no! Oh, no! {\an5}Tweet us with the hashtags. {\an5}No! But, look, it is quite a big deal {\an5}when a member of the Royal family endorses your beard. You know? My beard is now... It's very rare that that happens! My beard is now up there with Weetabix, Twinings and Waitrose. And I think we should market properly. I think we should market like this. {\an1}HE PLAYS A FANFARE Hear ye, hear ye. It is hereby announced, by a decree from his Highness, the Duke of Sussex, that the facial growth known as Adam's beard, styled in the manner of Geoff from Byker Grove, has the official Royal Seal of Approval. {\an1}TRUMPETER PLAYS A FANFARE I now pronounce you the Hair to the Throne. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Right, let's welcome tonight's guests. She wants to take on the Prime Minister, he's got a show on Amazon Prime. Please welcome MP Jess Phillips and comedian John Bishop! {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE You look like the worst stripper in the world! Do you want to see a little bit more? Oh! Look out! Oh! I mean, all right, how do you guys feel about what's happened with...? I'm going to keep this on, for this part at least. Um... OK. I can't believe you talked about Geoff from Byker Grove with Prince Harry. That's literally the best thing I've ever heard in my life. And I can't believe that Prince Harry hadn't watched Byker Grove ever. He clearly hadn't seen it. I mean... I've had tweets from people over the last couple of days going, "I was upset about them leaving the country, "but now I've heard that he doesn't know Byker Grove, he can fuck off." Yeah. I mean, what are you...? I have to take this off now. What are your thoughts about what's gone on with them? This has all got caught up. Go on. I mean, I think you summed it up. Everybody generally looks at them as... People go, "Well, if that's what you want to do, that's fine." We have love for the monarchy in this country which no-one can deny, cos we do. If you were to start a country now and go, "We're going to start a new country. We'll all contribute. "We'll starting a new country, we'll pay taxes, "we'll vote for who runs us." There's no way someone's going to go, "Er, can we have a Royal family? I think that would be a good idea. "Let's have one family separate to everyone else." So you'd never... If you created a country, you wouldn't have a monarchy. But we've got one here, and I think... I think, for them, it makes absolute sense for them to go away. Of course it does. Why wouldn't they? Yeah, I agree. I think that... My husband has always said, "If you don't like it..." When the Royals moan about anything, my husband... I have to say, when you said, "the whole country loves the Royals," not entirely sure he's necessarily with you. But I think he thinks, "If you don't like it, go away." And he, last week, was like, "Fair play to them that, you know, they don't like it, "they're go to stand down from it." Not everyone likes them. But, as a country... Oh, yeah, we don't want to get rid... We could have had a revolution loads of times and we couldn't be arsed. So there's... There's got to be a balance. Well, that's what you've ended up with, isn't it? I think it's fair enough that they want to go. Absolutely. I do like the idea, though, that they might be leaving Britain because of possibly a little bit of racism in the press. And they're going to Canada. Have you seen how Trudeau dresses at parties? We've got heaps more to chat to you guys about after the break. But Alex does want to be the People's Prince. I've realised I got my beard caught up in my earpiece, and it's really awkward now. But... And there's going to be a bit of a... I can't get it. Are you stuck? It's all right, he'll be fine. Leave it on for a bit. I'll leave it, thank you. There is a vacancy. We do need a new Prince. Alex has always said that he feels like he's the People's Prince. Yeah, big time, mate. I'll do princing. You'll do some? You'll do some princing? Yeah. I've got an A-level in English. We're going to put... We are going to create something tonight called Britain's Next Top Prince. Alex, we have got a bit of an assault... Turn round, Adam. {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE You look like... Can someone help me? Can you please...? You look like you're doing some sort of walk of shame. I've got my beard caught in my earpiece, I've made an... SHOUTING: Alex, what I'm going to do for you is set you a challenge. OK then, mate. I've not gone deaf, it's fine. Thank you so much. Sorry? It's all right. OK. Here's what you're going to have to do. You're going to have to come over here really quickly and affect an effective Royal wave. Easy. OK. Then, back over here, you're going to have to Dame Jess and Knight Josh. Cool. Then back over here, you watch the Royal Variety Performance and pretend you're interested as John does a joke. Cool. OK? Then we've got a golf cart after here, over here, you have to drive more safely than Prince Philip down the side. We've got obstacles set up. You have to make it back unscathed. Can you do this? Absolutely. All right. Start the music! Ready, Steady, Prince! OK, over here. Wave, wave, wave. {\an1}CHEERING Royal wave, Royal wave. Give us a Royal wave. A little bit more regal! More regal! All right, come back over here. Over here. Quickly. Jess, can you come forward? Alex is going to Dame... Pin the damehood badge on Jess. Perfect. And you're now going to Knight Josh. Josh, down. Go. Perfect. Other ear, other ear. Ow! Fuck! Ow! Argh! Oh, God! Right. OK, back over here. You know have to watch the Royal Variety Performance. John is going to do a joke. Pretend you're interested. Hello, hello, hello! Let me tell about my new pet hate. Not a great name for a dog, I know. No. Alex, Alex, focus! Focus! Right, quick! Over to the car. You've got to go and drive the car. The car is over here. You've got to go down the side. There are obstacles, you've got to try and avoid them all. Get in. Off you go. You'll see them as you go down the side. Go, Alex, go! {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE OK, careful of the... Watch the.. Careful of Piers Morgan! All right, quick, quick! Back into the studio, Alex. Back into the studio. Come on! You can do it! You can do it, big guy! {\an1}CHEERING All right, Alex. {\an1}KLAXON BLARES OK, you've had your go. How do you think it went? Think I nailed the wave. Yeah? And I thought... I think I just got it all right, if I'm honest. I think it just felt natural. OK. You were very stiff when you waved, you cut Josh's ear off when you tried to Knight him, you couldn't even focus on John's act, and you knocked everything down when you were driving. Congratulations, you are officially a prince. You are now the Prince of Croydon! CHEERING Oh, lovely! We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break. Kneel! Yeah, what? If I'm a Prince... Ah, shit. If I'm a Prince, you've got to kneel for me, bitch. LAUGHING: "Kneel for me, bitch"? I've wanted to say that to you for the last eight years. And I've wanted to hear it! We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break as we talk about the Labour leadership with a Labour leadership candidate. {\an8}Plus we want to know, should I keep the beard? {\an8}Tweet us with the hashtags. {\an8}See you in a little bit. {\an7}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're joined by Jess Phillips and John Bishop. A lot of people... A lot of people concerned over the ad break that it looked like you had actually cut Josh's ear off. Josh's ear is fine, it wasn't cut off - it was fake blood. No, they weren't! Apparently! Bas said, "If the did Queen bring back beheadings on TV, "we would now be watching The Last Head." All right, let's talk about the Labour leadership battle now. Jess, of course, is in the running to be the new Labour leader. The other candidates are Lisa Nandy, Emily Thornberry, Rebecca Long-Bailey and... # Keir Starmer # He wants to lead the Labour Party now # A licky boom boom down! # I just can't do it without saying that. Brilliant. We've all got questions for you, Jess. Mm-hm. So one by one, we're going to go through in this political grilling. Alex first. So... election night... Yeah. ..when the exit polls came out, who was it that broke the silence on the Labour WhatsApp group? Oh, if I had my phone, I could genuinely check. Can you remember, like, what the first person said? Was it like...? Please tell me it was Jeremy Corbyn just with the little monkey with its hands over its eyes. Uh... I'm not on a WhatsApp group with Jeremy Corbyn, I'm afraid to say. So... Was there another one that you were part of where, like, you were booted off? Yeah, I'm part of one where there were loads of Labour MPs that had lost their seats. Did you just delete them off the group? Well... Yeah. To be honest, that did happen afterwards. Like... Yeah. In fact, Caroline Flint wrote a thing in The Times today, there was an interview and it said, oh, you know, she got booted off all the WhatsApp groups. Oh! It's just brutal, isn't it? It's absolutely brutal. But there was a lot of just, like, "Well, I'm gone, then." "Well, I'm gone," sort of thing coming across on the WhatsApp groups. You know, imagine having a job interview in front of... You know... With a viewing audience. So Jeremy Corbyn wasn't in that group, so he wasn't seeing it all? Cos I can imagine you all just that, just waiting for "Jeremy is typing..." and thinking, "Here we go." Josh, you have a question? So, your slogan - "Speak truth. Win power." Which I like. Thanks. But if speaking truth wins you power, how come the liar Boris Johnson is our Prime Minister? Well, the trouble is, with Boris Johnson, is that everybody accepts that he's a liar, it's sort of baked in. The public know that he's basically a bit of a scoundrel and they sort of can just get over that with him. It's a bit like Trump, that people... Regardless of that fact. But the only way that you can challenge that is not just by calling him a liar and trying to insult him all the time, is by actually being honest and authentic and having a genuine comparison of actual honesty side-by-side with him. Because eventually people will start to see his shtick and that that funny thing he does when he talks about buses is... You know, we shouldn't underestimate, actually, that Boris Johnson is brilliant at the art of misdirection. We've all... And we'll talk about it tonight. ..been talking about a bell and whether it will ring when we are all asleep on a day when most of us won't even notice that it passes. So, you know, we should be careful when we just laugh at him. He's actually quite dangerous. John, your question. Well, I've got a serious question, actually. The unions and the control of the unions, or the perceived control of the unions within their selection of the Labour leaders, do you think that's something that needs to be understood more by the wider public? Well, I mean, for the first time ever in this contest... This is like a really serious... I'm sorry, this is meant to be like a... A really serious answer. No, I've got a cock joke at the end. OK! About a bell and a...! The punch line is "bellend". That's the punch line. Put it "on the way"! Just wondering which union that would be. The truth is that, for the first time in this leadership election, the unions have a role in who gets onto the ballot, so they have a direct role in who the candidates can be. And so do CLPs, so constituency Labour parties at grassroots levels, and that's before members even get a say in the ballot. But I think that... I don't think that there's anything particularly to be worried about, because the union movement is the backbone of the Labour movement. I think that people think that the union barons... There's loads of nefarious things that go on... That's the reason I asked it, cos people who are not Labour supporters... Like, I am, so I kind of have an understanding about it. As soon as they talk to me, they go, "Yeah, but the union's done everything..." I know! "Len McCluskey runs everything." You think, "No, that's not really the case." Well... no... Yeah, I think that, you know, the unions, for some reason people... I think it's based on, basically, sort of Liverpool in the 1980s. Everyone thinks that the unions are... We get blamed for everything! I always... Just that, just that! I think that people think that they're really, like... And we call them "union barons" as well, as if there's some sort of weird hierarchy and they're well all having a big meeting with, like, little sort of wooden men on tables, moving them round. They're just people who defend workers' rights. And, like, take the government to court when they do bad things. Don't be too worried about the unions. In fact, join one. Join the Labour Party. All right, I've got one question for you. So, this leadership... whole contest will be done by, what, April 4th, April 5th? Yeah, that's right. So, the next day, there'll be a new Labour leader. It could be you, Keir Starmer, Rebecca Long-Bailey, Emily Thornberry... Whoever it is. OK, the following day, will Labour get its shit together and stop fighting amongst itself and actually become a great opposition, or are you going to just keep, like, fighting, and the rest...? I mean, I can't speak for the entire Labour Party, and no matter who wins, some idiot on Twitter will be really upset about it. I have literally no control over the Twitter accounts of every single member of the Labour Party. As a party, can you make me this promise, that, regardless of who becomes leader, you'll all get your shit together? Oh, absolutely, because, you know, do you know what? If the Labour Party doesn't get its shit together, it doesn't... deserve to exist any more. And... It's sort of existential for the Labour Party, this contest and the last election. We have basically got a chance to get our act together, take on the WORST government in so, so long. You know, what the last Tory government has done is worse than what Thatcher did in lots of cases. She wouldn't have dreamed of doing some of the things that David Cameron and George Osborne... But what you said before is Boris Johnson is a very good communicator and he won the election by having a single message. He did. "Get Brexit done". So now you can go into the next election and say "Getting our shit together". I can see it! Absolutely! Right, let's move on to... I mean, we're going to move on to news that's been covered, but Paul said... If you don't know, there has been a big push this week for Big Ben to ring out on January 31st as we leave the EU. The problem is, it's being renovated. So this guy, Tory MP Mark Francois, has backed a crowdfunding campaign to raise the £500,000 needed to make Big Ben bong. Boris Johnson said, "We should," and I quote, "bung in a bob for a Big Ben bong." I'm going to be honest... I mean, I got back... I was in Australia for Christmas, I got back on Monday. And I saw an interview in which they were talking about "Big Ben bong". I honestly thought they were referring to something like this. I mean, is this a ridiculous idea? Is this a great idea? Ridiculous! I mean, I'll be honest, anything that Mark Francois says, I think is ridiculous. But this... You know, we're talking about doing a crowdfunding thing for someone to ring a bell at a certain time. It makes no diff... £500,000! You know, we've got food banks in this country that have give out over a million bags of food, and we've put money together from someone to go "ding-ding". I think it's ridiculous. We... We are doing a Brexit show on January 31st. We will be on air until 11:30, bearing in mind we leave the EU at 11 o'clock. Oof! The show will end at five past! We're going to unveil at the end of our show tonight our alternative to the Big Ben bongs. But, Jess, we want to put you on the spot right now. Rebecca Long-Bailey was asked during the week about how she rated Jeremy Corbyn out of 10. She said 10 out of 10. Now, I know you don't want to rate other people in the Labour Party... No, I'm not going to... Yeah, cos we've got to get our shit together, as you said. I really love that slogan now! But there are a lot of other things that you can rate out of 10. Josh has got a list. Yeah. He's going to quiz you on it. If you'd like to come front and centre. We're going to play a game called Jess Out of 10. {\an1}SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC We're surprisingly far back. Neither of us thought they were on wheels, and we both went backwards then, Jess. Right... OK. 0 to 10, simple, on the following things. OK. Ready? Mm-hm. Number one - Boris Johnson. Zero. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE {\an8}Number two - Adam Hill's beard. I'm quite a fan, actually, so I'm going to go... I don't like the middle gap, so eight. Eight. Come on! Look at his beard! Why are you giving it eight? Look at it! It's awful! I literally loved Geoff from Byker Grove. So... Eight? Eight. Unbelievable! {\an8}Chances of Alex staying sober for a whole 10 weeks. {\an8}Two. While we're here, Jeremy Corbyn. I'm going to get my shit together on this and not do that. {\an8}How about Jeremy Corbyn with Adam's beard? It's a vast improvement, actually. The "Geoff from Byker Grove" look gets it at least a nine. A nine, OK. Chance of Jess Phillips being PM? Uh... CHEERING Ooh, yeah! Let's go... Let's go... eight. Eight! Chance of Jess Phillips being the new host of Bake Off. Ooh! Five? I've not been offered yet, but, you know... Ready for the final one? This is the big one. What are you making out of 10... ..Mike the cameraman? Oh, 10 out of 10 every time. All right, we'll be back with more of The Last Leg in a minute {\an5}as we find a ray of light amongst the Australian bushfires, {\an5}plus we want to know, should I keep the beard? Tweet us @TheLastLeg. {\an5}Use the hashtag #AdamsBeardStays or #AdamsBeardGoes. We'll see you very soon. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Ha-ha-ha, welcome back to Last Leg. We're joined by Jess Phillips and John Bishop. Sarah said... Now, look, I could go through the news and the statistics of what happened in Australia over the last month, but I was there, I was home for Christmas. Luckily, I wasn't anywhere near the fires, but I know people who had to evacuate their houses. Two of the towns that I used to holiday at when I was a kid, both absolutely destroyed. My grandad's house is fine, but it was close. It was a really eerie time to be in Australia. Especially when the smoke hit, because, for a few days, you felt like, "Oh, we're fine, we are not anywhere near it. "We just at the beach, we are having a lovely time." And then this haze came in and it smelt like bushfires and you couldn't see more than 200 metres. What made things worse in Australia was that the Prime Minister was on holidays when it all happened and refused to come back because he said, "What can I do? I can't hold a hose." I mean, I could say that, he couldn't. How hard is it to hold a hose? I'll say, yeah! What's wrong with him? When he did come back, though... Yeah, he came back and then he visited people who were affected and visibly enraged the locals in a really, really beautifully Australian moment. {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Oh... I recognise your voice, Adam! I tell you what, you've got to look on the bright side because there is no other story that would allow you to get a "fuckwit" on the telly. Look, I want to point out a few facts and I don't know whether they've made it over here, but arson was not the major cause of the fires, or that environmentalists wouldn't allow undergrowth to be cleared. The major cause of the fires was lightning strikes, added to the hottest year on record in Australia and the driest. And that's why the bushfires were generating their own lightning storms, thus making more bushfires. Now, the problem for Australia, it's 57th out of 57 countries on climate change policy right now, the UK is seventh. I mean, how is Australia viewed right now? Like, how is the Australian government viewed around the world, especially when it comes to climate policy, Jess? Well, I think that everybody recognises and has recognised for a long time that, actually, the people in Australia have always been the people who suffered. When we used to talking about the ozone layer, it was always Australians that were suffering. But at the moment, it just feels like it hasn't been handled at all well. Yeah. And that Australia has got to... It's not just Australia, is it? It's everybody in the world, we have all got to tackle this. We have got to stop saying, "Next week we will do something about this." We have got to start actually living our lives in a way that cares for our world in the future, and it seems that the Australian government, in the way that they handled it from the very, very beginning is as if it didn't matter. It's just appalling. APPLAUSE The crazy thing is, yeah... The crazy thing is, Australia have said, and you would know, you're an Australian, but like, it's roasting. So, you'd think, surely, you'd be the leaders in solar power, you'd be the leaders in alternative heat. And yet, they're going to have the biggest coal mine on Earth in Australia which is burning while they are digging it out. We very rarely, actually... The countries that get taught about... It's always China, everybody looks to blaming China. And everybody always uses China and countries like China as an excuse for why we can't do anything because, "What's the point in doing anything when China is still burning coal?" But we just have to draw a line in the sand where everybody in the world starts to feel that this is their responsibility and Australia... I think that it will make people wake up, what has been happening in Australia because it looked so... There is a Twitter debate going on, as well. And, listen, I need to find a lighter side of all this and there is one. Because Miss Swan said... {\an5}So, everyone has been going to Australia and reporting on it. We have a prank in Australia that we play on tourists where we pretend that there is a strain of koala bear that's deadly and if it falls out of the tree, it will bite you and it will really hurt you. It doesn't, it doesn't exist. But one Scottish reporter was convinced they do exist and they filmed her looking really distressed in this embarrassing moment. I'm not quite sure what it's doing right now. Shit! Shit! Oh, it is looking at... What? OK. It looked like it was going to get you. Right. I think insurance might not cover it. Do you want to take it off? If you say, "Shit, shit, shit!" I'm really not happy... Now, take it off her, take it off her. Please take it off me. Thank you. All right, it's all right. STUDIO AUDIENCE: Awww... Good one, that's great. You were pranking me? You were pranking me! Fucking Aussies! So, there are a lot of myths about Australia and a lot of things that people don't know. I know you've been to Australia. I have been to Australia. I'm going to very quickly throw a few things at you. A bit of an Aussie quiz. JOHN: Humpty Doo. {\an8}I think Wangaratta. You're both wrong, they are all Australian places. True or false. Australia lost a sitting Prime Minister in 1967 when he went for a swim in the surf and never came back. True. True. Absolutely true. Harold Holt. True or false... Harold Bishop! Oh, yeah! He swam to Tasmania. True or false, Harold Holt is now remembered by the Memorial Harold Holt swimming pool? No! No... True or false? True. Absolutely true! Final question. I think they're all Aussie sayings. No, "When your barramundi doesn't float" isn't, but "We're not here to fuck spiders" absolutely is! We'll be back with more of The Last Leg in a minute as we unveil our alternative to the Big Ben Bongs and Josh wraps up the last seven days. We'll see you very soon. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE {\an1}APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We are still joined by Jess Phillips and John Bishop. I've been asked to explain to the viewers at home the Australian phrase "we're not here to fuck spiders." As I said to the audience in the ad break, it basically means "we're not here to mess around." You go to the pub with your mates and then someone goes, "Shall we get some drinks in?" You go, "Well, we're not here to fuck spiders." I love that. "We are not here to mess around," like that's what you do when you're messing around... {\an1}LAUGHTER Legs everywhere! The size of the spiders over there, you probably could. Also it would level up the amount of legs with you, wouldn't it, Alex? Josh... LAUGHTER Sorry. Josh has been chiming in in the last seven days. What have you found? Would you like to see an... Oh, this is good. This is good. Would you like to see an absent-minded father deploy some questionable parenting skills? Yes, please. Here it is. {\an7}VOICEOVER IN OWN LANGUAGE It's a bit of fun. A bit of fun. Had the child taken away from them. Would you like to see a straight-faced child with expert comic timing? Yes. You're so stupid. {\an1}DRUM STING All right. We asked you whether or not I should keep the beard. The results are in. 78% of you say the beard has to go. {\an1}CHEERING So on January 31, at 11pm, as we leave the EU, I am going to shave the beard off, I am going to put it on eBay, and any funds raised will go to Australian bushfire relief. That's what I've just decided. And here's the thing, though... Australia, you have £10 coming your way! ..Darren said, "Is it OK to get Geoff from Byker Grove "to shave Adam's beard off on January 31?" GASPS OF ADMIRATION Oh! That would be amazing! Yeah, that's absolutely what we need to do! {\an5}We are about to unveil our alternative to the Big Ben... GUESTS LAUGHING What's that? {\an1}Nothing, I don't want to say it. We were just discussing if he was alive. If he was... If he's still with us. He is still with us, he's still with us. We are about to unveil our alternative to the Big Ben bongs, but before we do, would you please thank our guests, Jess Phillips... ..John Bishop... ..and my co-hosts Josh Widdicombe... ..and Alex Brooker. Next week will be joined by actor David Tennant, but right now we'd like to unveil how we intend to ring in our departure from the EU on 31 January. In honour of Mark Francois, Boris Johnson and Jacob Rees-Mogg, we'd like to unveil the three massive bells of Brexit. {\an1}WESTMINSTER QUARTERS PLAY At 11pm on January 31, those bells will ring for Britain. But to give you a taste of what's in store, would you please welcome Gay and Alan from Britain's Got Talent to play us out tonight with The Final Countdown. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE {\an7}MUSIC: The Final Countdown by Europe {\an8}# The final countdown {\an8}# Oh... {\an8}# It's the final countdown {\an8}# The final countdown {\an8}# The final countdown, final countdown {\an8}# Oh... {\an8}# It's the final countdown. # {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thanks for watching The Last Leg. My name is Adam Hills. Aargh! See you next week for the next leg. Goodnight! {\an5}You're not welcome, you fuckwit. {\an5}Subtitles by Red Bee Media. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 