The Last Leg: Season 15, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Last Leg 
 s15e9 - Episode #15.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Last Leg (2012–…): Season 15, Episode 9 - Episode #15.9 - full transcript 
 In the final show before summer break, Lily Allen and Caitlyn Jenner join the boys to discuss bad public behavior of Boris Johnson, Jeremy Corbyn and Trump. Inspired by Skyscraper (2018), the boys test how tough prosthetic legs really are. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This programme contains strong language and adult humour # These simple lines be good for your health # To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf # Live, love life like you just don't care # 5,000 leaders never scared # Bring the noise, it's the moment they feared # Get up Still a beautiful idea... # CHEERING Dress up nice, look in the mirror and give yourself a vote of confidence - it's Friday, we're live, and it's time for The Last Leg. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Tonight on the show, we'll tell you how the Maybot became the staybot, have ourselves a stand-off over Brexit, and we'll reveal your nominations for 2018's Dick of the Year. Plus we'll be joined on the couch by comedian Sue Perkins and director Kathy Burke... ..on the show that always goes above and beyond. G'day! Hello! Happy Christmas Jumper Day, everyone! Welcome to The Last Leg, the show that was impressed that Virgin Galactic took a rocket ship to the edge of space this week, but assumes the passengers had to go the rest of the way on a replacement bus service. With me on the couch as always are the man who was depicted like 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 this in the Radio Times this week, Alex Brooker, and the man who looked like this, Josh Widdicombe. If you're wondering, we all looked like this. That was the three of us together. I've spent my whole life wanting to be in the Christmas edition of the Radio Times... Yup. And now, it looks like Ed Sheeran, Anton du Beke and Bluto from Popeye. You look like you're being sick in your mouth, which is actually what you do when you're drunk. I've got a big issue with it. Yeah? If you look at the hands, they've managed to give me less fingers. I've gone down to one! It's very impressive that you're holding the glass, though. And my nose looks like just one long penis. The irony! To be fair, though, there was also a lovely photo of Josh on the front cover. It's good. That's the first time I met Alex. Thank you, by the way...  He's lost weight since. Thank you, by the way, to everyone who tweeted me about my fractured ankle during the week. Special thanks to one lady who tweeted me a text conversation she had with her sister that looked like this. LAUGHTER A few issues with that, looking at it. Number one, 26% at 12.55 in the afternoon. You're in serious trouble. Number two, this seems to be the first text messages she's ever exchanged with her sister. She may have just scrolled up to that text message. She may have. I've had a very interesting week. We've had discussions about this in the office. It's weird when you've got, you've fractured your good foot, but you've also got a prosthetic, and the main thing... I can't really get on board with either of these. It's not weird for me. The weirdest thing for me is if I get up in the middle of the night and need to go to the bathroom, it's such a faff to then put the boot on my fractured foot and then put the prosthetic on the other that I've been sliding to the toilet on my arse. But you told us the other week that you only wear a T-shirt to bed. LAUGHTER So are you, like, are you, like, dragging your little Harold Bishop along? I've got an image of you, like, you know when a dog's got worms? It's kind of like that! At four in the morning in my house, it's kind of like that. Just wear a wet suit! It'll look like a scene from Saving Private Ryan! My wife bought me, like, a plastic bottle to keep under the bed that I could wee in and I was, like, "No, there's more dignity in dragging my arse across the carpet." What were you worried, that you'd piss in the bottle, forget, wake up and go, "Ooh, Victorian lemonade!"? Can I ask a genuine question?  Yes. Like, if I was in that position, I would, like, crawl, like a normal person would crawl to get... Like a baby would. Right. It's never the option. That is never the option, is it?! It is when one of your ankles is fractured! Really? Yeah. I quite like it down here. As always, we will do our best to answer your questions this week. You can tweet 'em to us, @TheLastLeg, use the hashtag #isitok. For example, is it OK this brazen protester at the Brexit Betrayal march last weekend tried to set fire to an EU flag? No. Is it OK that due to EU regulations, the flag was actually fire-resistant and therefore didn't catch alight? All right, let's get into the big story, which, to be fair, has changed about five times this week. In fact, the news has been so erratic, Johnroy asked... It has been a huge week in news. Theresa May cancelled the vote on Monday, went to Brussels on Tuesday, and survived a no-confidence vote on Wednesday. I mean, it's not as good as Craig David's 7 Days, is it? Then she carried on fucking up the country on Thursday, Friday, Saturday. She's not chilling on Sunday! Here's the thing, this time last week, we thought the big news was going to be the meaningful vote on Theresa May's EU deal. We had scarves made! We had scarves! Sorry. There you go. We had scarves made. Is it your throwing arm you've fractured as well? We'd made popcorn, we'd cleared Tuesday in the diary, we were going to watch the meaningful vote, but on Monday, Theresa May called off the vote when she realised she definitely wasn't going to win it. It turns out it wasn't as meaningful as we thought it was going to be. In fact, I'm pretty sure the meaningful vote ghosted us. Luke Cheetham said... Now... AUDIENCE: Oooh! That's not how bets work. Also, I love that that's his main concern. LAUGHTER We're edging towards a no deal, which would be disastrous for the economy, he's, like, "Can't believe I'm not going to see Adam or Josh dressed up as Theresa May." But on Tuesday, that was the biggest concern of the week! I mean, we did consider it. By we, I mean I, but... You could do it at the weekends in your own private time, Adam, I'm not going to stop you. It's just hard to get to the bathroom when you... That will carry over to whenever the vote is held, which, at the moment, looks like being January 14. Timothy asked... OK, so when Theresa May arrived to meet Angela Merkel in Berlin on Tuesday, this happened. Is she getting out of it? She's in the... Oh... Can't get... What? No. Come on, you can do it, Theresa. No... No, still not... Just hit unlock. Come on. Awkward. THEY CHEER Angela Merkel must have been thinking, "Fuckin' hell." It would have been so good if she'd had to climb out the sunroof. Or they just opened it and she's snogging Jean-Chau... I can't say Jean-Claude Juncker! Turns out there was a camera inside the car at that moment. We have exclusive access to the footage. Here's what was going on. No! No! No! I don't want to! No! No! No! Can I just say that earlier, you worried about saying we had exclusive footage in case people thought it was actually real. As if Theresa May's Tuesday wasn't bad enough, that night, a vote of no confidence in her was triggered when the chair of the 1922 Committee Graham Brady received the required 48 letters from Tory MPs. Theresa May got the call from Brady at 9.30pm Tuesday and the vote was scheduled for the next day. I would love to have seen her face when his name came up on her phone. Cos if you know... He's not calling about something else, he's not going to call up and go, "I'm just checking, is Philip having a vegan meal at Christmas?" And why did she answer? She knows what it's going to be, just don't answer, just send a text back going, "New phone, who dis?" I reckon he definitely called off a withheld number because Theresa May strikes me as the sort of person who always answers withheld numbers because to her, I think ten minutes talking to someone about PPI is a relief from the calls that she normally gets. So on Wednesday, every news network jumped into action. Some were more prepared than others. Sky's Adam Boulton was caught on camera talking about his breakfast at an unfortunate moment. I'm fine for now, thanks. I did buy some porridge, but it's... Well, welcome back, this is the Prime Minister... LAUGHTER later on Wednesday morning, Ed Miliband tweeted Theresa May to say... The vote was held Wednesday night and May won by 200 to 117, which means she can't be challenged for another 12 months now. The thing is, the Tories, basically, what they've kind of got themselves into is like a shit phone contract for a year, cos they can't upgrade, they can't change it, so basically their best hope is that they lose Theresa May in the back of an Uber and can claim on the insurance. It's hard to know how happy she was to win that vote, as Spay Flagerhausen - that can't be a real name, but I still like saying it - Spay Flagerhausen said... Piss off, Spay. Who's definitely Adam.  I love Spay Flagerhausen. The question is, what now for Theresa May? She's said that she won't contest the next scheduled election in 2022, but she didn't rule out leading the party in a snap election before then. She wants to stay four more years? What's happening in 2022 that's going to make her go that's worse than what she's going through at the moment? Has she got tickets to the 2022 World Cup? Like... I don't know why she wouldn't... Oh, God... I want to know, is she now going to extract revenge on those who wronged her? Is she going to find out who voted against her and just tick 'em off one by one? She's going to have a list like Arya Stark on Game Of Thrones, isn't she? The obvious loser of the week was Jacob Rees-Mogg, whose European Research Group were instrumental in instigating the vote. The man every American thinks every English person looks like... ..then went on to publicly disparage May in a variety of interviews, including this one. The message today to Theresa May is that she has lost her moral and political authority, even if she's got a slightly bigger number. Let's cut to the chase - will the ERG, will you support her Brexit deal now? Of course I won't. Her Brexit deal is dreadful. Will you resign the whip? No, I'm not going to resign the whip. I'm a full-blown Tory and have been for a very long time. There was a moment there where I honestly thought that Jacob Rees-Mogg had had a moment of clarity and was going to admit that he's a full-blown twat. Isn't Full-Blown Tory your favourite porn film, Adam? He's only been an MP for eight years. That's hardly full-blown. If anything, he's a type-1 Tory. By the way, I think all politicians should describe themselves in medical terms. I want to hear Jeremy Corbyn saying, "I am so far in Labour I'm crowning." A lot of people pointed out Rees-Mogg's double standards, though, as Terry Jones asked... AUDIENCE MOAN AND MUTTER Oh, the rules! People around here went, "Ohhh!" Oh, finally, a maths joke! Kirsty asked... Ah. Look, with everyone snapping at Theresa May's kitten heels, Boris Johnson seemed to spruce himself up as his hair went from this... ..to this smart crop... AUDIENCE: Oooh! ..which brought the Tory MP James Cleverly to say, "That's £7.50 he'll never get back." It might have cost £7.50, but he'll claim for 100. I was disappointed when someone said Boris Johnson's got a new haircut. Yeah. It's just a short... I was... We were all hoping corn rows, weren't we? Erm, how do you think Theresa May handled this week? I don't think it's been a great one.  No. LAUGHTER The thing with Theresa May is, what I find incredible is that, you when you have, like, a bad week at work and you always think yourself, "Next week will be better"? Every week for her seems to get worse than the previous one. She, basically, every day for her is Monday morning. Also, I don't think Jeremy Corbyn had a particularly great one, if we're being fair. I don't think he challenged her enough... Mm-hm. ..which is probably going to prompt a load of tweets of abuse to me now, but... fuck it, I don't read 'em. Definitely not, that's why you've brought 'em up! Once again, though, let's highlight what we're ignoring due to Brexit. This week, a parliamentary committee report found that support for victims of sexual violence is at crisis point, but, hey, let's just brush that aside and get on with the rest of the shenanigans. Meanwhile, a Tory MP who had his right to vote removed for allegedly sending sexually explicit text messages to constituents had it reinstated this week so he was able to vote. Yesterday, the Prime Minister got back to what she was doing on Monday, which was trudging around Brussels holding an outstretched bowl saying, "Please, sir, can I have some more?" Things got a little tense, as this clip of May and Jean-Claude Juncker having a mummy-daddy argument illustrates. NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE Er, not entirely sure what's going on, but it doesn't look good. I think she's... It's like they're arguing and she's going, "Die Hard IS a Christmas film." It's amazingly shot. Why is Martin Scorsese directing? Well, I have a theory watching that, cos the way the camera kind of zooms in and then zooms... I don't think it was done on purpose, I think someone went, "Oh, I wonder what they're talking... "Oh, shit! I might back away!" It looks like they've both booked the same table at a pub and they're having an argument about it. According to lip reading experts, Theresa May said, "You called me nebulous." He said, "I called you fabulous." I tell you, if somebody had gone to me, "You're nebulous," I would have just been, like, "Cheers." I didn't know that nebulous was, like, a bad... I didn't know the word. LAUGHTER It's just, like, "I'm not sure about this nebulous on my left nut." But you know what it means now, right? Nope. You still don't know what nebulous means? I assume it ain't good, judging by Theresa May's reaction to it. That's what's made her crack, so it's got to be right. Do you know what it means, Hills? Yes, I do. It means, erm... It's the name of Jacob Rees-Mogg's fourth child. It means hazy, like a cloud, like vague, like kind of wafty and not really... And what he said was that her deal was nebulous, and that the UK, what they're asking for is nebulous, that they don't really know what they're asking for. That's why he said that. One of the problems with you explaining this is cos you've got the scarf over it, it looks like you're at a beauty pageant. I would have loved it if... And I would vote for you, Adam, I think you're beautiful. And nebulous. I think it would have been great if she said, "What does nebulous mean?" and he just shot back, "Nebulous means nebulous." Erm, both the Prime Minister of Luxembourg and Donald Tusk today blamed Tory MPs for holding up the Brexit process while Brexiteers claimed that the EU was trying to trap us into staying and Theresa May is in the middle, trying to keep everyone happy, which means it's time for Another Brexit Analogy. CHEERING All righty... OK, so imagine I'm Theresa May. Right now, I'm in a stand-off with the EU and my own MPs, And I need you guys to come over. Josh, you can go over there, Alex, you can go over there. Who am I, am I the EU or your own MPs? Erm, you can be the EU, you can be the MPs. Oh, thank you. I'm going to start with these, so it's a bit of a stand-off cos Theresa May is looking at the MPs, which is you, and going, "Right..." Whoa! What the f...?  If you don't vote for this... If you don't vote for this, there's a good chance... Put your hands in the air. No, all of them. If you don't vote for this, there's a good chance we're going to crash out without a deal and you don't want that. She's also looking at the EU saying, "If you don't help me, "we're going to crash out without a deal and YOU don't want that." Now, MPs, who are you, are saying that May needs to change the deal, so they're pointing one at her, and telling the EU they need to... I'm not May! Oh, right. Yeah, one at each. And the EU, who are over here, are telling MPs, who are over there, they have to accept the deal while telling Theresa May there won't be any changes. Now the whole thing has become what we call a Brexican stand-off... MUSIC: The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Theme ..as everyone waits to see who's going to pull the trigger first. Can I just say, Alex is really struggling to hold both guns. No. No... No! No! Who's going to go first? Oh! SHOUTING CHEERING Take 'em down! He can't move! He can't move! Aaaaargh! Can I just say... Yep. No, you f... Argh! This is normally what I look like at the end of a Friday! This is... Can I just say... You've heard this from me before, but I think I've swallowed some. Yes, Josh? It's in my eyes! Have we... Shall we just admit we've run out of ways to explain Brexit? Yes, we have, but join me next week when I'll do it using some nipple clamps, a donkey and an iPad. All right, let's welcome tonight's guests. They're two of the funniest, smartest and most loved people in the British entertainment industry. Please welcome comedian and presenter Sue Perkins and director Kathy Burke! CHEERING INDISTINCT GREETINGS Oh, you're a gent. I've lost a contact lens! Do you want me to look for it?  LAUGHTER Oh, where's it gone? We've been backstage watching Full-Blown Tory. Oh, have you? How is Full-Blown Tory? Tag line, "Blue by name, blue by nature." Oh, man, that's slippy as... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's dangerous. I'm an old lady. I might break something. There's a claim there, Kathy.  There is. I can sue Channel 4. Now, you both tweeted about... I mean, I've got a fractured ankle, no-one thought whether that was safe on that! You both tweeted about the goings-on in politics this week in slightly different ways. Sue, you wrote... Whereas, Kathy, you tweeted... LAUGHTER AND CHEERING I love it. Yeah. I could have saved myself a lot of syllables, Kath. What do you both make of this week in politics? Oh, jeez. God. Go on, Kathy first. Well, I don't know, I mean, it's been absolutely ludicrous and I do call them self-serving wankers because I'm fed up of people like Rees-Mogg coming out and saying, "Oh, well, now we have to have a leadership contest." It's like, fuck off. We've got... There's so much trouble going on, it's just unbelievable what's happening, and the whole thing is happening because there wasn't a plan in the first place. I don't think you should call a referendum unless you've got some idea as to what you might do, you know, if people did decide to vote Leave, which they did, but they just went ahead and the arrogance of David Cameron, "Oh, well, I'm going to call a referendum, "cos I said I would in the election." It's, like, nobody listens to you. You just pretended that you didn't say it. Get the plan sorted out first and then call a referendum. Sue? I think you're absolutely right, it's just, the whole thing, I'm fed up with all of them. You know, May just fired slogans from the word go. It was, like, Brexit means Brexit, strong and stable Brexit, red, white and blue Brexit, unicorn Brexit, have-your-cake-and-eat-it Brexit, I Can't Believe It's Not Brexit. What the fuck is Brexit?! What is Brexit?! And then you've got the Labour Party that I love, going, "Shh, don't say anything. Keep quiet. "Brexit can sense movement. Let's just..." It's like that old Natrel advert, where you just melt into the wall and hope no-one was looking, and someone... There's a deadlock now. There is no majority for this deal in Parliament, and something... There needs to be... The one thing I would say about May is the biggest mistake she made, when that referendum result came, she didn't reach across the House and go, "52, 48, let's work together. "It was a close call. Yes, we're leaving, but let's all, "across the party divides, "try and do something that works for everybody in this country." And instead, it's red lines and division and we're in this mess and it's so bloody sad. Look at where we're at, fighting each other. And the one thing we do know is, this is going to go on for a while. This is going to go on for a while. The meaningful vote is now possibly scheduled for January 14. People are so over this. One fatigued caller to 5 Live over the weekend sums up the nation's attitude to Brexit right now. LAUGHTER I mean, how do you think Theresa May has handled this whole week? Do you admire her? Well, in the same way that I admire shit on a shoe. In that it endures and no amount of using a twig on it or power-hosing it will remove it. So, her ability to cling on is the stuff of legend. And I don't wanted near me. It's a weird one because depending on who you talk to, Theresa May is either stronger or weaker because of this week's vote. To her supporters, the Maybot has morphed into the Ter-May-nator and is now stronger, angrier and definitely back. However, to her detractors, she's more like the Black Knight from Monty Python And The Holy Grail - virtually limbless with blood spurting from her wounds shouting, "It's just a scratch!" Another way of saying it is this - her supporters see her this way... HARD ROCK MUSIC ..but Jacob Rees-Mogg sees her like this... FANFARE LAUGHTER Oh, by the way... By the way, by the way, a few weeks ago we said goodbye to our Theresa May lookalike Anne here, not knowing if we'd ever see her again. Not only is she back, there's now a good chance she may be employed for the next 12 months. A round of applause for Anne! CHEERING Here you go. Lovely to see you back, Anne. This may, however, be the last time we see our Jacob Rees-Mogg impersonator, though, so James? James, can you come out, please? This is James, who has been playing Jacob Rees-Mogg for us. BOOING Jacob Rees-Mogg's...  Boo! It's panto season! Oh, it is panto season! Where's Jacob Rees-Mogg? AUDIENCE: He's behind you! Well done. Jacob Rees-Mogg said this week he'd eat humble pie if less than 100 votes were cast against Theresa May. Even though he got 117, pretty sure most people think he should still be eating humble pie, so, Serjeant-in-Arms, do your duty, please. CHEERING We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break as we start nominating our Dicks of the Year. We'll see you very soon. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I mean... You're a fighter. I'm going to be honest. We didn't realise how long it was going to take to get changed. Hi, welcome back to The Last Leg. We are joined by Sue Perkins and Kathy Burke. That wasn't a dramatic walk on. Literally almost didn't make it back for the show. It would have been so much more dramatic if you'd pulled yourself in on your arse, Oh! I so should have. What was I thinking? I've still got... I've still got shaving cream on my... All right. It is time now to kick off our annual search for The Dick Of The Year. We've already asked some of your nominations earlier in the week. Jason Pearson said... Yes, Rees "Moggy" Mogg has made a late charge and I can tell you he is currently in the lead. In the past our winners have been Vladimir Putin, Nigel Farage, Jeremy Hunt, the year 2016 itself, and last year it was Donald Trump. This will be our sixth Dick. I just want them to keep that bit for the highlights package. Someone call The Fluffy Armadillo asked... Look, here's the thing. Any year that Donald Trump is president, he's probably going to be voted Dick Of The Year so next week we're going to present him with his own special award, thus taking him out of the running and giving some other wangers a chance. This year we will present six nominees, three chosen by Josh, Alex and I, three chosen by you, the viewer. Do you have any suggestions as to who you would put up as Dick Of The Year? Who do you reckon? Well, I did think, what's his chops, what was he called? Phoenix Buchanan. You know, the bad guy from Paddington 2. Oh, right. OK. He was a dick. He was a total dick.  Right. OK. Yeah. Sue?  I'm going to go for double Dick. I'm going to go for Christopher Chope and Philip Davies who both filibustered in the House of Commons important legislation. Chope, famously the upskirting bill. And Philip Davies I think blocked Caroline Lucas's bill about sex education in schools and also a gold standard bill about protecting women against sexual violence. Good suggestions. An absolute pair of plums. You can tweet us your nominees... CHEEING AND APPLAUSE Use the hash tag... First we are going to give you ours. I would like to start by nominating Boris Johnson for being shit at pretty much everything this year. He was such a bad Foreign Secretary that Jeremy Hunt looked good in comparison. He bungled the case of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, the British woman held in Iran. He compared Muslim women in burqas to letterboxes. He resigned the day after toasting Tory unity at Chequers and since then has stirred the Brexit pot from the sidelines while trying to weasel his way to the top job. He is a worse Johnson than Johnson & Johnson, and they have just been accused of knowing there was asbestos in baby powder. That's why Boris Johnson is my nominee for Dick Of The Year. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Joshua? Joshua, who's yours? Well, I would say the saddest moment of the year was when we realised that 100 years of Australian success in sport has been built on cheating. AUDIENCE: Ooh! And the reason it was sad was when they were caught cheating it was the day after our series had finished. So I wasn't going to talk to you about it on the TV the following Friday. So I would like to nominate Australian cricket captain Steve Smith. There he is. And the reason I'd like to nominate him is not just that he was the head of the team that cheated, but also that I know he's going to captain Australia to beat us in the Ashes next year. And I'm already pissed off about it. If you want to get a taste of Steve Smith's apology, he did a kind of press conference where he cried, some would say, unconvincingly. Any time you think about making a questionable decision, think about who you are affecting. You are affecting your parents and to see the way my old man has been... HE SOBS And my mum. It hurts. LAUGHTER I'm not laughing. I'm not laughing.  He's crying but there's no tears. I watched that and I just thought, is it so hot in Australia that your tears evaporate? Who are you nominative for Dick Of The Year, Alex? My Dick Of The Year normally is very consistent and it has been since 2003. And that's the woman that tries to get on Alan Rickman's character in Love Actually. Right. OK. She's... LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Out of order. But... Popular choice. Yeah, but... Popular choice. Astonishingly, that's the most popular one we've had so far. But apparently I've got to choose one that's been a dick this year, so my choice is Thanos from Avengers: Infinity War.  Oh, dick, yeah. And can I just say, before you see that picture there, it's not a glove thing. And for those who've seen the film, it's not a clicking fingers thing. It's a genocide thing. He's a bad knobhead. The full list of nominees will be announced at the end of the show. The winner will be revealed next week. From one award ceremony to another, though. Kathy Burke tweeted this week to say... "Why am I never asked to host the..." I'm not going to repeat that word. "..oscars?" I think the clue is in the question. Exactly. And I got so many replies saying, "Maybe it's because of your language." I was like, "Oh, my goodness." Sometimes I just give up on the old Twitter, you know. I would... more than anything, would like to see you host the Oscars. Oh, yeah, I'd be great. But I'd only want to do the first ten minutes and the last ten minutes. Yeah. Right. Because the rest of it is a bit boring. We don't really give a shit about sound and... LAUGHTER SHE MOUTHS The organisers of the Academy Awards said this week they may go without a host next year after comedian Kevin Hart pulled out over homophobic jokes he had made in the past. Should he have stepped down, do you think? Stuff he said was terrible. It was awful. He said he was basically going to beat his own son over the head with a toy if he showed gay tendencies. But I think they've got to be careful about scrutinising everybody's Instagram or Twitter feed. That would discount everybody apart from probably Prince George and Sally Gunnell. Either of whom would make amazing hosts of the Oscars. Claire asked... - Yes, the New York Times yesterday were preparing an article about the rise in crime in Lon - don. They sent out a speculative tweet asking... Congratulations to every single English person that responded and took the piss immediately. Answers included... LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE And before we go to the break we've had an ongoing interactive discussion with a shopping centre on the Isle of Man over the last few weeks. That's a great sentence. Who knew there'd be beef there? It started with this accidentally lewd polar bear arrangement that they set up a few weeks ago. We said, "Maybe do something a bit more appropriate." So they then hemmed them in. Like this. Like a bunch of, do you know what, people escaping over the border into America. We then said, "You've got to do something more creative." Which led them to do this. Last week then we said, we upped the ante and said, "This week we want a polar bear pyramid." They tweeted back. They have obliged but they seem to have returned to the original theme again. It looks like... It looks like the kids have walked in on Mum and Dad. And the one on the right-hand side is going, "just look at the angel. "Just focus on the angel." All right, Isle of Man, we have one week left. We have our Christmas show next week. We have one more challenge. We want a polar bear in the studio next week. A model of a polar bear. Sorry? A model of a polar bear. Well, a real one if you've got one. But one of those ones will be fine. Let's end our series next week with one of the Isle of Man polar bears in the studio. Have you got the guts, Isle of Man? Have you got the guts to do it? If you see it on the way tweet us. I don't know why I'm getting so angry about this. Come on, Isle of Man. I'll take you on. Take you on, Isle of Man. Have you inhaled some of that shaving foam? I think I might have. We'll be back with more of The Last Leg in a minute as we inch closer to announcing your Dick Of The Year nominees. Tweet us... Use the hash tag... We'll see you in a little bit. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Welcome back to the Last Leg. We're still joined by Sue Perkins and Kathy Burke. All right, let's briefly talk about Donald Trump. As his former lawyer was jailed for... KATHY: Oh, do we have to? LAUGHTER Fucking Trump. Fucking arsehole. Orange buffoon. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE No, no, no. This is much better than what we had planned. I'm more than happy for this to go for another five minutes. Trump's former lawyer was jailed this week for lying to Congress and for arranging illegal payments to two women who claimed to have had affairs with the President. John asked... Yes, Google's chief executive was quizzed by Congress this week and was asked why images of Trump appear when you search the word "Idiot" on Google. And he basically said, "Well, if enough people associate "the word with the image, it's going to come up on your computer." OK. I don't need to ask how you feel about Donald Trump. By the way, if you google "Sex hobbit" - Josh's face. Every time. Just a quick question, Sue - why did you google sex hobbit? I was trying to get your number. It is hard to say that Donald Trump isn't an idiot when he sent a tweet this week in which he claimed "Democrats couldn't find "a smocking gun..." Yeah. Twice he mentioned a "Smocking gun." Yeah. There's nothing really more to say, is there? He's snorted a load of smoke, I think. PsychoSooz said... This buff kangaroo named Roger passed away this week, and the world mourned his loss. Hello. Ooh, hello. Oh, look out. That's blown some wind up my skirt! I would. I would! Would you? We just, on air, said we would have sex with a dead, buff kangaroo... ..and it's still not the worst thing I've done. No, yeah. Can I just say, Adam, I'm very sorry that your Prime Minister has died. I think that Roger the Kangaroo sounds like something that lonely Australians do. Roger had 1.3 million Facebook and Instagram followers. And Hugh Jackman has already signed on to play him in the movie of his life. It's called Skippy Balboa. David Pierce asked... This is the best story ever.  It's great, this story. Yeah, a Russian TV channel showed footage of a technologically advanced AI robot this week that could sing and dance. It was later found to be a human man in a robot suit. KATHY: No? SUE: Yeah. Here's the clip. Have a look at this. You tell me if it looks like a robot or a man. ROBOT SPEAKS RUSSIAN SUE: Yeah. DANCE MUSIC PLAYS Oh, they know how to get their beat on. Turns out it was a bloke. It was just a bloke in a robot suit. Apparently, they found out it was a bloke when someone walked in on him taking a shit. It's just one up from those blokes who dress as Yoda outside the Tube, isn't it? Funny you say that. During the ad break, someone tweeted saying, "Is it OK that Russia's robot excused himself twice to take a piss, and still no-one sussed?" ..fuck it up for you. It's kind of a tricky story, because for me, either Russia has the technology to interfere in US elections, or they put a human in a robot suit. It's possibly not both. Look, now, normally we would show you Josh's favourite clips at the end of the show, but tonight we're going to devote the last segment of the show to our Dick of the Year nominee, so right now, here are Josh's best of the last seven days. What have you got? Right, so Santa coming in on a boat... Yep. ..to deliver some presents on a lovely South African beach. Yep. What could possibly go wrong? Everything, as it turns out. Just a bit of Christmas fun. Why not? Would you like to see a moody dog who's just been to the vets. Yes. SUE AND KATHY: Yes! Well, you can't, I haven't got a clip. Is you big mad or little mad? Big mad or little mad? I'm so, so sorry, baby. I'm so sorry! Would you like to see a man grappling unsuccessfully with a pressure washer? Yes, please. Yes. We'll be back with more of The Last Leg in a minute as we unveil your nominees for Dick of the Year. We'll see you soon. Welcome back to Last Leg. We're still joined by Sue Perkins and Kathy Burke. Steve Briggs simply said, "Don't Google sex hobbit." A lot of people during the ad break have done the same thing and instantly regretted it. I'm going to do it when I get home. It is time now to reveal - and this is what they are all playing for. This is the trophy with the ball bags for second and third. It is time to reveal your nominees for 2018's Dick of the Year. Live from the paragon of entertainment that is Television Centre, it's the 2018 Dick of the Year nominations. All day long the crowds have been gathering to find out who will be in the running for the world's biggest dick. SCREAMING  The stars are out tonight. Look, there's celebrity couple Jalex. SCREAMING CONTINUES And here comes Sue Perkins and Kathy Burke. But where's Adam? Ah, here he is. Now, let's start the show. TO TUNE OF It's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year: # It's the most memorable dicks of the year # We've come to the year's end # So let's name the bellends that filled us with cheer! # They're the most memorable dicks of the year. # And now would you please welcome your hosts, Kathy Burke and Sue Perkins? APPLAUSE Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, it's such a pleasure to be one of the first woman to ever host the Dick of the Year Awards. Or as I like to call them, the Dickies. Ah, it is, Kathy. And appropriately they'll probably be a lot shorter than we hoped they would be. I like to treat my dicks like I treat my awards. I keep them in a table beside my bed. LAUGHTER Now...  LAUGHTER Good to know where to find them. Good to know. Just a reminder, Donald Trump will be receiving his own lifetime achievement award next week which clears the way for a whole new list of dicks. So, the nominees for... There is fucking chewing gum on here. The nominees... That is filth! ..for 2018 Dick of the Year are... Adam's choice - Boris Johnson. For being both a dick and a Johnson. And we have Josh's choice, Australian cricket captain and ball fiddler Steve Smith. For being a dick while allowing someone to play with them balls. And Alex's choice - Thanos, from the Avengers film for as Alex puts it... Just being a bad knobhead. And now we have the top three audience choices. They are... SHE CLEARS THROAT Piers Morgan.  APPLAUSE Theresa May.  APPLAUSE STOPS MIX OF BOOING AND APPLAUSE And... ..Jacob Rees-Mogg. You can tweet us now at the Last Leg. You can use the following hash tags... The voting is now officially... ..open! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That's all we've got time for this week. Would you please thank our guests? Sue Perkins! Kathy Burke! And my co-hosts, Josh Widdicombe... APPLAUSE ..and Alex Brooker. We'll be back next week as Rob Delaney, Sharon Horgan and Roy Wood join us for a Last Leg Christmas special. Thanks for watching The Last Leg. My name is Adam Hills. See you next week for the next leg. Goodnight. Subtitles by Red Bee Media 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 