The Last Leg: Season 16, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Last Leg 
 s16e8 - Episode #16.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Last Leg (2012–…): Season 16, Episode 8 - Episode #16.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This programme contains strong language and adult humour Get together with your mates, sit down in front of the telly, then have a meaningful vote on what you're going to watch. It's Friday, we're live and it's time for The Last Leg. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Tonight on the show, we'll try to explain what the shit is going on with Brexit. We'll celebrate 30 years of the internet. And we'll salute a record-breaking amputee rower. Plus, we'll be joined on the couch by Victoria Coren Mitchell and Richard Ayoade... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ..on the show that isn't afraid to face up to the news. G'day, hello, hi. G'day, I'm Adam Hills, and welcome to The Last Leg, the show that thinks if you want us to take a storm seriously, don't call it Gareth. With me on the couch, as always, are the pride of Dartmoor, Josh Widdicombe, and the man who thought an Irish backstop was a pint of Guinness with a cork in it, Alex Brooker! Now... ..I'm going to say this - you won't know this at home - we are very lucky to have Josh with us tonight. You are... every week. Every week, but this week more... Josh has been genuinely very sick this week. Genuinely ill, yeah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 OK, what happened? I got a chest infection which brought on bad asthma. I was in A&E;, I've been put on steroids. LAUGHTER Sorry. Sorry. To be honest, this whole story was to get to the fact that Josh is on steroids. You look like the before photograph for steroids. It's great. I'm not going to lift my jumper up, but put it this way - I have been asked to do Love Island! And I can run the 100 metres in six seconds now. I would love to see your roid rage! Oh, fuck off! Just chucking edamame beans. You on roid rage! When I first heard you were on roids, I assumed you were sitting on them. Also, you on roid rage just doesn't sound... IMITATING MILD IRRATATION: "Don't make me angry. "You wouldn't like me when I'm angry. "Please like me when I'm angry." The worst thing is, cos of steroids, I can't sleep. I've had two hours' sleep last night and I woke up and I'm fine. I'm absolutely buzzing. I'm sleeping as much as Margaret Thatcher! Last night, I decided to invade the Falklands. I have checked online... It's good that you know this - the side effects of steroids are acne, blurred vision and you bruise easily. Which begs the question, how long have you been on steroids?! You know why I was on steroids? Cos you guys go on about, you know... Yeah. My lung capacity was 10% on Tuesday. Wow. That has to qualify you for something at the Paralympics. LAUGHTER 10%. To give you an idea, that is your foot capacity. As always, we'll do our best to answer your big questions this week. Have you tried steroids for your foot? You can tweet them to us @TheLastLeg and hashtag them #IsItOK. For example, #IsItOK that Ireland's first openly-gay Prime Minister met America's homophobic vice president this week and took along his boyfriend? CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Yes, it is! #IsItOK that Mike Pence in that photo seems to be saying, "What?! "I thought you said you were Gaelic!" Mike Pence, you can imagine him just completely not understanding when he was told it was his partner. "So, what, you mean business partner? "Partner in crime? "Tennis doubles partner?" Now, look, before we get into the news of the week and the funny stuff, there has been some tragic news overnight. Ysolde asked, "#IsItOK "that 49 innocent people are dead in Christchurch?" No. Clearly, the answer is no. I don't think she was even asking out of curiosity. Not in any way is that OK. There's absolutely no justification for a gunman to kill 49 men, women and children in a mosque in New Zealand overnight. Our thoughts are with the people of New Zealand today and with anyone affected by this tragedy. From what we know about the terrorist - and let's be honest, he's a terrorist - he's a white supremacist from Australia and he posted an online manifesto saying he carried out the attack to directly reduce immigration rates to European lands. He then broadcast the shooting on Facebook Live as he did it, and the graphic footage was posted on a number of news websites here in the UK. Some of whom have since apologised, thankfully. We're all affected by it. Normally, I would watch the news and really devour the news so that I'm across every little facet of it, regardless of what happens. And I just couldn't watch it this morning. I had to watch something else. Obviously, it's tragic and it's horrendous. The other part which I found horrendous in the aftermath was there was that Australian senator, that guy Fraser Anning, who basically went and released a statement which essentially blamed Muslims what some gunman has done. To me, it is abhorrent, the idea of using a tragedy where children have been killed to fuel your own agenda. I just find that absolutely disgusting. Unfortunately, a lot of people are talking about him and not the New Zealand Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern, who was beautiful. She dealt with that absolutely beautifully. If you want to watch any video clip, watch her, not Fraser Anning. It's an awful event. I agree with you, Adam. You just try and keep away from it. What kind of shocks me is this idea that this video has been shared by news websites and by people on YouTube or WhatsApp groups. And I think what you must remember with these new stories, when you're watching a new story, that is people's lives. That is not content for the internet. That's people's lives and you should respect that. It's a weird world that you can broadcast stuff like that. We have to run by a lawyer how many times we can swear in our show, but this guy can just broadcast whatever he likes to the world. There are very weird, murky parts of the internet that have encouraged this time of stuff. It's not stuff I really know about, but there are bits and pieces where... This guy was an Australian in New Zealand because he wanted to stop immigration. I'm not sure what the Maori word for irony is but I reckon it's being used a lot today. It's really hard to know what to say at a time like this. There's a lot of fear and tension in the world right now. And in an age of social media, we all have to be responsible for what we put into that world. We have to ask ourselves if we're making the situation better or worse. If you post memes that refer to Islam as a religion of violence, you're not helping. If you compare Muslim women to letterboxes, or pose in front of a photo of migrants with the headline "Breaking Point", you're not helping. If you refer to refugees as locusts, you're actually contributing to the hate. If you put video of this shooting online after being advised not to and if you continue to sponsor news sites that do that, you're making things worse. It's all well and good to say this is an act of senseless violence, but if you sent vans around the country that said we'll send you home if you're here illegally, you're not helping either. And if you're a politician who uses this attack as an opportunity to push a racist agenda, you're not helping. The only people responsible for what happened in New Zealand are those that pulled the triggers. And it's too late to stop what happened. But if you're actively spreading hate and false information or dehumanising the people you like to see as the enemy, you're helping to fuel the fire for the next attack to take place. The BBC posted some advice for children on how to respond to violent stories like this, but I think it applies to adults as well. It said - feel free to talk about your worries, it's normal to feel upset, remember these things are rare and do things that make you happy. Unfortunately, Brexit is the big news this week! LAUGHTER But we're going to try to make you happy while we talk about it! Last night, we were... It's been an amazing week! Ridiculous! This week in Brexit was summed up by this headline in the Independent... I mean... It's a great riddle, isn't it? Like the riddle of the farmer who had to take three Theresa Mays across a river. She had to take two across and leave a Boris Johnson there... And then he couldn't do it because we haven't got any boats! Brexit was an absolute circus this week. We need to try to break it down without having an actual breakdown. Since it was a circus, there is only one way to describe what happened - bring out the balloons! FUNFAIR MUSIC Really going to try and make this work for you! A lot happened. This week - let's simplify it - Theresa May turned up to Parliament with a whole bunch of options. One of them was her Withdrawal Deal, which was voted down on Tuesday. Are you trying to hit it? Yeah... Which one is this - no deal? The blue one, her withdrawal deal. CHEERING I've never seen you look so smug! You are so happy. That's a tough call to look smugger than I have seen you look before! A couple more to go, though! On Wednesday, the possibility of leaving the EU on with no deal was also voted down. Come on, Hillsy! CHEERING On Thursday, Parliament voted on whether to extend Article 50 so we could have a second referendum - that also failed. Ooh, this is a tricky one! One left! Now, the final vote was last night, to extend Article 50, and that vote passed. However... That's the only option left. Theresa May added one more sneaky balloon into the mix. Can you blow this one up? No, I've got 10% lung capacity! Excellent point! You blow that one up for me. Do you need some steroids? A tiny bit more! OK, yeah, that'll do it. Can you tie it? Do you know what, I'll do that. LAUGHTER I wonder what would happen first - me tying this, or Brexit? Now... ..if Theresa May can somehow get her withdrawal deal again through in yet another vote next week, we'll ask to leave the EU on June 30. We've two options coming into next week. according to Theresa May. She is now telling Parliament they either vote for her deal and we slightly delay Brexit, or we vote down her deal and we risk no Brexit at all. Either way, no matter what happens, Theresa May has failed to deliver Brexit on March 29. Which I think we can all agree has left her... deflated. She's let herself down, she's let the party down, she's let the whole country down. The irony, of course, is that the whole thing has been brought about by about three or four pricks. How do we feel about this week in politics, and Brexit? This is an awful thing to say, but I've never known... You know they want people to be engaged with politics? I've never known more people to talk about politics. I was in a cafe and strangers were talking to me about politics. Turns out, to get people engaged in politics, all you need to do is fuck up the country. This is how much I've been enjoying watching it. I've faked a chest infection to get steroids so I can watch more of it overnight. I never thought we'd get to the end of Game of Thrones before Brexit. Also, the people who I feel sorry for as well, those Spanish tourist resorts. They thought they were so close to getting rid of the expats, so close to taking back their towns. They could literally smell the paella without chips. Theresa May is now taking her deal back to Parliament next week for a third meaningful vote. She is starting to become The Neverending Tory. They're calling the new vote MV3. Do you think she understands the meaning of the word meaningful? She should have called the first one the practice vote, the second one the shits and giggles vote. And this should be called the real one, if it goes the way I want it to. If meaningful vote three is anything like Toy Story 3, phew, it's going to be a tear-jerker. Or maybe it'll be like Fast and Furious 6, which turns out to be better than previous ones. Maybe MV7, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's going to pop out. Richard asked... It was such a bizarre exchange. Channel 4's Jon Snow and the Attorney General, Geoffrey Cox, got into a Twitter spat. Jon Snow tweeted the Attorney General had been told to find a way to agree that Theresa May's new deal was valid, to which Britain's top lawmaker responded, "Bollocks." {\an8}Is that a legal term? {\an8}He's a QC! I don't want him defending me. Some guy goes up, {\an8}seven days of evidence, he gets up - "Bollocks!" "Objection. Bollocks." If he'd been watching Game of Thrones, he could have tweeted back, "You know nothing, Jon Snow." Jon Snow didn't reply, but it clearly got to him. I reckoned it seethed inside his head and he had all this anger and suddenly, a few days later, it all came out during a tetchy interview with Matt Hancock. Parliament is, for once, deeply representative of the country - it's completely asunder. Nobody in the country knows what's going on, nobody in there knows, and you know nothing about what's going on, even inside the Cabinet. The Cabinet is at sea, the country is at sea. We are a laughing stock. Is that a question, or just your position? I'm putting it to you. LAUGHTER I love the fact that Jon Snow is one of the country's most respected broadcasters and even he's now reduced to talking about Brexit like you'd do in a pub car park. It was like Arsenal fan's TV, that was. To give you an idea how chaotic it all is, last night the Brexit Secretary, Stephen Barclay, argued passionately in Parliament for the extension of Article 50, then voted against the thing he'd just been promoting. It's mad! It's nuts! How bad is he as a public speaker that he can't convince himself? I honestly think there is a good chance, given how shit Brexit is, that he just ticked the wrong box. Here's the important point, though - the EU said they'd only agree to an extension if we've got a good excuse. So our poll for tonight is, what excuse should we give for extending Article 50? Tweet us @TheLastLeg, use the hashtag Article50Excuses. Maybe tell them a Rees-Mogg ate our homework. Suggestions? She's got to go in, plead insanity. Next time she goes to Brussels, don't even say anything, just open up a tin of cat food and start eating it. All the while, keeping eye contact. They would say, "Fuck, she needs an extension." It'll just look like she's training for when she goes on I'm a Celebrity next year. Russel Kemp said... I've always wanted an extra foot - I didn't think it would be on my face. LAUGHTER You look like you're about to be friends with a beach ball. I love the fact that you really are, with the one leg, by June 30, really are going to look like a pirate. We should get you a little parrot for your shoulder. I've said I'm going to keep growing the beard until Brexit's sorted. I'm absolutely going to commit to this joke. Whether it is June 30 or it's longer, I'm going to keep this going. Are you worried they've sorted Brexit and they're just taking the piss out of you now? This is both a protest at how drawn-out this whole process has become, and a handy way of stockpiling food in case shit goes south. Seriously. Do you know what's in here? Bounty. See? Already like a pirate. If I shake it a bit... got som jelly beans up there, too. Oh, yeah, that's right - I do balloons and magic. If only there was a gap in the market for a bearded Australian children's entertainer. GROANING AND LAUGHTER With an extra leg. You haven't got an extra leg. I have at home, it's in the wardrobe. One of the biggest casualties of the week was Theresa May's voice. She croaked her way through Wednesday's debate and then said, "If you think that's bad, you should hear Jean-Claude Juncker's voice today. Juncker opened his speech in Brussels by saying, "Allow me to tell you a secret - "I didn't sleep much because of Mrs May last night." GROANING AND LAUGHTER No wonder she wants an immediate withdrawal. GROANING It was so bad Michael Gove had to stand in for her during the debate. That's a shame - I wanted her to do a debate like, you know the Andrew Lincoln scene in Love Actually with the cards? I like the idea of her operating Michael Gove like a ventriloquist dummy. Donald Tusk from the EU posted this adorable hand-written letter he got from a six-year-old girl. "I live in Britain, I know we are leaving the EU but I think "we should be friends. Please may I have a signed photo "of you for my Europe book, from Sophie, aged, six. {\an8}"I have drawn you a unicorn." See! Theresa May is already doing it! The next letter from Sophie, age six, she'll ask for an extension for Article 50. I don't think that is Theresa May - that's Donald Tusk. {\an8}If you go into his office, there is a sticker thing without three {\an8}stickers and eight first attempts at a unicorn. Tomorrow, Nigel Farage's big march kicks off, from Sunderland to London. It is his protest march. I have offered to sponsor him... ..for every mile he doesn't walk. 270 miles, there's no way he's going to do the whole thing. For every mile he doesn't walk, I'll donate £10 to an asylum seeker charity, cos he'd probably hate that. Think of it as a dick-starter. Meanwhile, the Right Honourable Member for Privilege, Boris Johnson, poked his head up this week like a toddler that hasn't had any attention for five minutes. This is what he said about police funding and child sex abuse cases. The question is where you spend the money and deploy the officers. One comment I would make is I think an awful lot of money, an awful lot of police time, now goes into these historic offences and all this malarkey. You know, £60 million I saw was being spaffed up the wall on some investigation into historic child abuse and all this kind of thing. What on earth is that going to do to protect the public now? We make fun of Boris on the show. Wiff-waff and all this. No, no, no, this is different. You don't describe sexual abuse cases as malarkey. And you don't use the phrase "spaffing against the wall". And thirdly, he was almost certainly describing a current investigation into historic child abuse cases involving politicians, amongst others. An investigation that saw a Lib Dem peer suspended yesterday for suggesting he might have known what was going on. What annoys me the most is that a lot of people wrote this off as "Boris being Boris". No. A newsreader would have lost their job, a police chief would have lost their job. The former foreign secretary gets away with it. Chirpy 8221 summed it all up beautifully in a tweet. Let's remember, this is a man who spent £52 million on a garden bridge that was never built, £320 million on buses that had to be refit and £323,000 on water cannons for London - which literally went up against a wall. In fact, last week we showed you how much Chris Grayling had pissed up against a wall, this week we're going to demonstrate how much Boris has spaffed up against the wall. ANNOUNCER: We seem to have lost The Last Leg for a minute. We're just trying to find an episode of The Simpsons to put on. Not the Michael Jackson one. Not the Michael Jackson one! Shit! Let's go back to The Last Leg. All right, let's welcome tonight's guests. She's a TV presenter and international poker champion, he's a TV presenter with an international poker face. Please welcome Victoria Coren Mitchell and Richard Ayoade. CHEERING Welcome to you both. I'm going to ask a question - what have you both made of anything that's gone on this weekend? Richard, what have you made of the whole Brexit stuff? Sorry, I just had an internal vote. And... I am going to extend my silence till June... ..on the matter, until I've got some material. Look, Brexit's bloody Brexit, we know that. It's terribly exciting. Aren't all offences historic? I mean... Yes! Unless you're in the film Terminator... ..offences occur in time. Yes, unless he's suggesting we should start diverting money to future offences. Victoria, your thoughts? How do you feel about...? What would happen with a second referendum? I think it would be a landslide for Leave but I think that would be... I quite like it now that it's unresolved. I'll be honest, I don't know a great deal about it. I said to my husband on the way, I rang him and went, "You better "tell me the gist of what's been happening with Brexit." He said it would be a shame to trample on the fresh snow of your ignorance. "Love you!" I have a sort of tuned out. From a slightly removed perspective. I've thought, "It's just noise." I do feel like it has got quite funny. Yeah. And it wasn't funny, for a long time. You know like when you see a show at the Edinburgh Fringe and after five minutes you think "this is terrible", but when it's still happening after 45 minutes you think there's a kind of genius goingon? Yes. I remember I saw your show. CHEERING No, but there is a kind of... They're still talking about it. If you imagine, in five years' time when we're still negotiating Brexit, they're going to be doing it in sort of tears of laughter, hammering the table. David Davis might die laughing. Here we all are. I don't think there'll be a period of my life when Brexit is not being discussed. After a bit, we'll go, "It has stopped being funny. "Now it's hilarious again." All the time we wasted worrying, "What if Brexit happens "and it's a disaster? What if it doesn't happen and it's a betrayal? "Doesn't matter, this is the status we're in forever." Craig said.... Here's the thing - we've had this board made up from the beginning of the series. We thought this series, which finishes on the 29th of March at 11pm, as we leave the EU, this was the perfect way to cover it all. Now, we've had this whole big thing made up. Theresa May is right there - she's only got two shows until Brexit and it might not happen. Luckily, though, we have a backstop. LAUGHTER It's an Australian backstop. We've prepared this. We thought this might all go wrong. We're going to spin it, aren't we? March 29... I'll go out. Your right, or my right? My left. To you? You go forward. Let's not get involved in that one, mate! Josh, you come round this way... I'll come round that way. It turns out, March 29 is also - ready? - the birthday of Australian supermodel Elle Macpherson. # Happy birthday to ya... # If we don't leave the EU on March 29, we'll spend the entire show celebrating Elle Macpherson's birthday. Elle, we haven't invited you yet - you are now invited. She's busy - it's her birthday. Elle Macpherson, if you want to come, this is going to be... It's like the roids have kicked in! It's official, ladies and gentlemen, we are now three shows till Elle Macpherson's birthday! CHEERING We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break as we celebrate 30 years of the internet. Plus, we want to know what excuse should we give the EU for extending Article 50. Tweet us @TheLastLeg #Article50Excuses. We'll see you in a little bit. Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're joined by Richard Ayoade and Victoria Coren Mitchell. I've just realised I've had something stuck in my foot this whole time! Didn't even feel it. Emily asks... Yes, Lee Spencer, a former Marine who lost his leg in an accident, rowed from Portugal to French Guyana in 60 days. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Yeah, absolutely! Guy-ana? Gee-ana? French Guyana. The previous record was 96 days and was held by an able-bodied rower, who, I'm gonna say, bit of a wuss. Not only did Lee Spencer row without a leg, he also did it without a cox. Hurray! There was more good news for him - when he got over there, Chris Grayling awarded him a ferry contract, so... It's a wonderful story. He got there and there was no disabled parking, though, so he had to come back. Would you ever, Richard or Victoria, consider doing anything along those lines? VICTORIA LAUGHS Holding up a small burning thing? I mean... no. Even that celebration looks too dangerous for me! Along the way he encountered 40-foot waves, gastroenteritis... I mean, he had it, it wasn't just floating out there. ..sharks, flying fish and four sperm whales. And a partridge in a pear tree! Indeed. The worst thing is, he also encountered a baby shark and then couldn't get that song out of his head! I want to know, how did he break... I mean, 36 days breaking the able-bodied record. I'm going to ask this - has anyone checked what's in his prosthetic? I'm not saying he cheated but... Do you have any conception in advance of how many days it should take? If someone said you a fortnight ago, "How long would it take to row the Atlantic?" I would have said, "Maybe eight days?" It would take eight days to go across the Atlantic in a boat with an engine! Oh, yes... That does seem quick. It doesn't have to. The Queen Mary could get to New York in three or four days. But it's lazy. It's not that it's lazy, it's that it's a trip of a lifetime! People are having their golden wedding. They don't want to get there fast. He could have done it in two weeks but it was a big trip, he wanted to... This kind of thing. Someone does some heroic thing and people go, "Ooh, he did it in only 36 days." You had no idea how long it should take before! I've got a plane. Less than a day, mate! He's making us all look bad. All three of us look bad. He's from Devon, so you should be ashamed! He's disabled, so you should be ashamed. And he's 49 with one leg and a beard. It's like the three of us had a kid and it made us all look bad! He did receive messages of support from Joanna Lumley, from Prince Harry, Ross Kemp... What a WhatsApp group that must have been! Imagine Ross Kemp, the message... Being Ross Kemp, topless going, "You have no idea how much this means!" He is an inspiration - well done, Lee. He has inspired us tonight. We want to see who is the best disabled rower on this show! Oh, yeah. He did 60 days. At the end of tonight's show, Alex and I will go head-to-head to see who can go the furthest in 60 seconds in Atlantic conditions. Josh is not allowed to compete. After his illness this week, he is too disabled. Failed the drugs test, mate. I'm roided up to the fucking eyeballs! I don't want to be pessimistic about the challenge, and I get we have similar legs but I do think you'll be at a slight advantage! There is the whole grabbing thing. What was that act-out you just did? The grabbing thing! LAUGHTER Like a bear! What's worse is I did that and then laughed and snot came out! At the other end of the disability spectrum, a Slovenian woman was arrested this week for allegedly sawing off her own hand so she could claim compensation. Theresa May is already thinking, "That's the way I could get them to extend Article 50!" It lead to this embarrassing moment on 5 Live this week as Nicky Campbell accidentally made the story slightly more dramatic. Police in Slovenia have accused a woman of sewing off her own head with her family's help for a fake insurance claim. The 21-year-old was in line for more than £300,000 from a policy she'd just taken out... Her own hand. LAUGHTER You can't really accuse somebody of sawing off their own head. At that stage, they're a torso! You really have to just bury someone at that stage. He then went on to introduce the Beatles classic I Wanna Hold Your Head. Does Nicky Campbell go to Halloween parties, sees one of those ghosts with a head under the arm and goes, "Yeah, I'd buy that!" Ashley Brook tweeted us on Tuesday to say... Somebody's already tweeted me because earlier in the show I said the internet is 30 years old and they said no, the internet has been around for longer but the web is 30 years old. Thank you for tweeting. Not thank you! Don't encourage that kind of behaviour! That guy, and I'm assuming it was a guy, sounds like a lot of fun! On Only Connect next series, 100%. 30 years ago, Sir Tim Berners-Lee submitted his proposal for the world wide web. It's hard to believe there are people watching this show right now who have never heard this noise. DIAL-UP INTERNET BEEPING It just makes me sad! I didn't think it was going to take off. The internet? Genuinely. We got the internet and I thought... "This is fucking shit." And we also got Encarta, the encyclopaedia on a CD, and I was like, "That is better than the internet." I just think it's a shame he didn't name it after himself. Imagine if he'd called it the Timothy. Nothing bad would have happened on the Timothy! It's such a nice name. And nobody would be sat at home in their bedroom giving celebrities abuse on the Timothy! Richard, how has the internet improved your life? I mean, I'm still drifting... So I don't know that it's necessarily improved things. I am able to order more things that I shouldn't. And they come directly to the post office now, so that's pretty good. I can receive e-mails that I don't want. And I can avoid people. So generally, it's pretty good. I did think, though, and this is with Brexit, this is my actual feeling about it, it's like trying to divorce Gwyneth Paltrow. You can't divorce Gwyneth Paltrow. She's going to be in your life forever. She's going to be with the new girlfriend, they're going to organise the wedding. This is the situation, she's too good in a sense to ever let go and that's what Brexit is. LAUGHTER Does that answer your question about the internet? That absolutely answers my question! Victoria? Are you a fan of the internet. No. I mean... No. That's enough. Do you know my favourite ever clip from the start of the internet? What? The proof of how the internet has changed - the world wide web, don't write in - in the 30 years, have you ever listen to Pete Tong reading out his e-mail address on Radio 1 in the late '90s? No, go on. It's amazing! Here it comes... I know it doesn't make sense but if you've got a computer and you're out there on the internet, you will understand what I mean. Wow, we have really moved on since then. For me the clip that best illustrates the internet, and we talked about this this week - when you talk about the internet and the web you talk about clips that have gone viral - the one for me that demonstrates the beauty of the web started when a Star Wars fan filmed himself conducting a lightsaber fight in this cringeworthy and very lo-fi footage. HE MAKES WHOOSHING NOISES That had over 34 million views! But the perfect example of how a nondescript video can become a viral hit came when remarkably accurate special effects were added, thus creating this masterpiece. DRAMATIC MUSIC Brilliant! That's the internet summed up for me! Alex, I know you have one. My favourite internet clip shows the best way to scare a giant panda. Here it is. CUB SNEEZES No wonder they don't want to reproduce when their kids are doing that to them! My favourite bit of that was Victoria jumped! That was so sweet! I love that we're showing you new bits of the internet tonight! Martine Placard asked... This is the latest craze to sweep the internet. It's the Triangle Dance Challenge. It lookslike this. MUSIC: Milkshake by Kelis Martine, you wanted it, you got it! Right, Josh... CHEERING AND APPLAUSE By the way, we've got four feet between three of us! And only 220% of lungs! I'll go this way first. So I go in first. And then back, and then I'll go to the side. You ready? OK, ready... Who's going in first? I'll go in first, then Adam, then you. One, two, three, go! MUSIC: Milkshake CHEERING AND APPLAUSE We'll have more Last Leg for you after the break as we look into the nation's shopping basket and Alex and I prepare for our rowing challenge. Plus, we want to know - what should our excuse be for delaying Article 50? Tweet us @TheLastLeg, hashtag it #Article50Excuses. See you soon. {\an4}APPLAUSE {\an4}ALEX SNEEZES Oh, Jesus! APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're still joined by Victoria Coren Mitchell and Richard Ayoade. That may be my favourite thing we've ever done. Stella said: #IsItOk that Trump called Tim Cook of Apple "Tim Apple" as an easy way to save time and words? This started last week. The US President made this faux pas when referring to the CEO of Apple, Tim Cook. I used to say, Tim, you've got to start doing it over here, and you really have, you've really put a big investment in our country. We appreciate it very much, Tim Apple. Now, this week, Donald Trump tweeted to say he did it to save time and words. Because he's known for his brevity... Thank God he wasn't in a meeting with Richard Branson. Yes? I just love the fact that "Tim Apple"... It's the way you save someone on your phone when you don't really know them. It's like "Colin Builder" or, like, "Josh Work". Richard, Victoria? It's quite Welsh, isn't it? The Welsh do that. In the old days somebody would be Baker because that's what they do. Do you know, I once called the owner of Sainsbury's "Lord Sainsbury", then it turned out it was his name. It was the guy's name. It was the guy's name. Richard? I like him. You like Donald Trump? I mean, more and more. I just... I'm really enjoying his work. I sort of feel to be able to be an idiot on that level is incredible. And it makes you realise it really doesn't matter, nothing matters. And I find that reassuring. It's going to be fine, because someone doesn't even know who he's in the meeting with and it's fine. I mean, what happened? Nothing happened. It's fine. He could have called him Tony Shitgarden, and nothing happened, and I find it quite liberating. Do you know what his advice was on Brexit to Theresa May? She said his advice was don't even negotiate at all, just sue them. This is the kind of advice you get from a wealthy property developer who's just drunk four litres of Coca-Cola. "Just sue 'em!" It could be his advice for anything. "Oh, my child "won't go to sleep." "Sue it. Just sue it. "Sue it." Have you tried that? It's got to be worth a try. It's worth a try, mate. Anything. Everything's so hyper. Now listen, we've got to go to the break, but you and I have to start getting ready for our rowing challenge. I mentioned earlier on, and you're exactly right, I was aware of this fact, that it was going to be a bit tricky for Alex to try and do this, but I've got some special gloves for you. Yeah. Yeah. Look. This is genuine. This isn't a joke. These are my funny little gloves that I got. And you attach them to the oars. I'm going to attach them to the oars for all the rowing I do. And then... And if the boat sinks, that's doubly worrying. I like to attach them to all sorts of things. I got stuck on a trolley at Asda the other day. No. Don't do that! So you... Look. Oh, yeah, they are good! This is the closest we've ever felt. You're almost head-butting Victoria. We are genuinely going to do this. You're going to go off and get changed in a second. Do you want to get changed now, get the rest of your rowing gear? Let's bring the boats on. We are going to set this up. We are going to do this live in the studio. And I am going to get into my... I've got my rowing gear here already. In fact, I'm stripping into it right now as we speak. We'll be back with more of The Last Leg in a minute. Awesome. Alex and I are going to prepare to find out... Oh, my God, your rowing gear's really tight, and I don't like it! We're going to find out who's the best disabled rower on the show in a minute. See you soon! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Welcome back to The Last Leg. We're still joined by Victoria Coren Mitchell and Richard Ayoade. I am ready for the rowing race at the end of the show. I am in my rowing gear. Alex has gone off to get changed. LAUGHTER CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Oh, yeah. I look like the Marshmallow Man off of Ghostbusters. Those trousers! Josh has been doling up the last seven days. What have you got? Would you like to see an paraglider experiencing a very Australian landing? Yes, please. {\an4}WIND BLOWS What's up, Skip? Hey! Fuck off! Go away! Argh. Fuckin' kangaroos! LAUGHTER All right. We asked what excuses we should give the EU for extending Article 50. I mean, they are all very British, the excuses that have come in. Stuck on a replacement bus service. LAUGHTER Leaves on the line. We forgot our PE kit. And, "We haven't read the first 49 yet." That pretty much brings us to the end of the show, would you please thank our guests, Victoria Coren Mitchell... APPLAUSE ..and Richard Ayoade! APPLAUSE And my co-hosts, Josh Widdicombe... ..and Alex Brooker. APPLAUSE Next week we'll be joined on the couch by comedian Kevin Bridges. But right now, Alex and I are about to go head-to-head to see who is the best disabled rower on the show. Do you want to strap yourself in? Yeah, I can't reach the... LAUGHTER Victoria and Richard, would you like to come over and be coxes for both of us? Well, when you say, "Like to"... Like to! If you would like, you have our loud-hailers there to cheer us on. Josh will recreate the... Do you want me to take you through what is going on here then? What have you got? So, what is gonna happen, is you've got 60 seconds to row as far as you can. Yep. Your progress will be charted on the Meaningful Boat - there it is, you'll both go along - and you can see who will win. To recreate the Atlantic I'm gonna be throwing inflatable fish at you! OK. Are you ready, Alex? I will start this. I think so. Shout whatever you like at them to inspire them. I like that you already looked shipwrecked. LAUGHTER Three, two, one... ..Row! BELL RINGS {\an4}MUSIC PLAYS, CHEERING How can it be so close? {\an4}CHEERING DROWNS SPEECH Come on, you've got to be faster than that! Still close, it's very close! No, they're going faster than us! Faster, faster! {\an4}CHEERING DROWNS SPEECH Oh, come on! {\an4}BELL RINGS Well done. I'm not going to lie, I'm knackered! Who won? I can't get out! I can't tell. Who won? You both reached the other side. Has Alex won? VICTORIA: Oh, no, no, no! Of course I haven't! RICHARD: The entire boat was being yanked forward, with his terrifying intensity... According to that... ..the winner is Alex Brooker! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING DROWNS SPEECH Thanks for watching The Last Leg. My name's Adam Hills. See you next week for the next leg! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 