Star Trek: Enterprise: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Enterprise 
 s4e3 - Home - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Enterprise (2001–2005): Season 4, Episode 3 - Home - full transcript 
 The crew take some time off. Archer meets an old friend, Captain Erika Hernandez. T'Pol takes Trip to Vulcan, with a surprise waiting. Phlox finds out Earth has become xenophobic. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [CROWD APPLAUDING AND CHEERING] - Well done, Jonathan. ARCHER: Thank you, admiral. I've been told that people are calling us heroes. When it comes to my crew, you won't get any argument from me. But I think it's important that we remember the heroes who aren't with us, the 27 crewmen who didn't make it back. Without their sacrifice, I wouldn't be standing here right now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 None of us would. But I'm sure I speak on behalf of my entire crew when I say it's good to be home. [CROWD APPLAUDING AND CHEERING] [CROWD CHATTERING] Excuse me. ARCHER: Scotch. The bar's reserved for regular customers. Galactic heroes have to sit at a table. I heard about your promotion. Congratulations, captain. Thanks. - Cheers. - Cheers. So, what was it like in the Expanse? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You'll be at the debriefing tomorrow, won't you? Mm-hm. I wouldn't wanna spoil any surprises. Besides, I've got more important questions. Seen any good movies while I was gone? Another World War Ill epic. It swept all the awards. But you haven't missed much. Earth's been holding its breath for the past year, wondering if the Xindi were gonna come back and finish the job. On the bright side, there've been more weddings and births than ever before. I don't see a ring. I'm married to Starfleet, just like you. [DOORBELL CHIMES] Come in. It looks like you're taking enough clothes to last a year. You wanted something? I told the captain I wanted to stay aboard and supervise the refit, but he suggested I take a break. More like an order, actually. Problem is, I'm not sure where to go. Lizzie's gone. My hometown doesn't exist anymore. [TRIP SIGHS] Guess this is my home now. You could come with me. To Vulcan? The transport leaves at 1100 hours. Where would I stay? There's a guest room in my mother's home. Oh, your mom's house, huh? What, uh--? What does she know about me? About us? I've never mentioned you. So you'd introduce me as...? Commander Charles Tucker Ill. You've told the captain that you don't get to see as many alien cultures as you'd like. Never been to Vulcan. 1100 hours, huh? I'd better start packing. We've tied these stations directly into the primary EPS junction. ARCHER: I hope you don't mind if I steal some of these improvements. Heh. I won't say anything if you do me a small favor. My senior officer candidates. I'd like to get your opinion. You served with a few of them. You might wanna talk to someone about installing a lumbar support. You're gonna spend a lot of hours in that chair. We've improved hull polarization by 12 percent. We'll be able to hang in a firefight longer. Ventral and dorsal torpedo launchers, pulsed phase cannons. Upgrades you recommended. What is it? I had an argument once with Captain Jefferies. He was one of the designers of the NX-Class. I'm aware of that. I told him I didn't wanna be in command of a warship trying to make first contact with new species. [ARCHER CHUCKLES] Jefferies was right. We needed those weapons. And a hell of a lot more. The asteroids were loaded with trellium ore. We think the Vulcans entered the field in order to mine it. Trellium? It's an alloy that protects against spatial anomalies. Ships in the Expanse used it to insulate their hulls. Your log reflects that when you boarded the Seleya, that you found the crew in a delusional, violent state. They attacked us the minute we docked. The trellium had a toxic effect on the Vulcans, damaged their neural pathways. They lost the ability to suppress their emotions. According to your log, the entire crew of the Seleya was killed when you triggered a reactor breach. The breach was an accident. We were trying to disable their power grid. As far as I can determine, you didn't try to save a single Vulcan crewman. There was no point. They were too far gone. Is that your medical opinion, captain? Phlox made that determination. Our specialists have examined the data you sent back. It's far from certain that the neurological damage was irreversible. There was nothing we could do for them. T'Pol was exposed to the trellium. She recovered. I couldn't help them. There's no need to get emotional, captain. You spent several hours in the ship's auxiliary control room. In that time, did you try to access the internal sensors or download the computer database? - No. - So in effect, we don't know what really happened aboard the Seleya. - What the hell does that mean? SOVAL: Because of this oversight, we'll never have a complete picture of the events that led to the ship's destruction. I just told you exactly what led to the ship's destruction. Captain. I'm not gonna be accused of murdering those people. No one is accusing you of anything, captain. Maybe that crew'd still be alive if you'd been more helpful. I beg your pardon? You did everything you could to sabotage our mission. I got more help from the Andorians than I ever got from the High Command! That's enough, captain. This planet would be a cloud of dust now if we'd listened to you! That's enough! ARCHER: How can you be taking his side? I am not taking anyone's side. You were out of line. They don't lift a finger to help us, and now I have to justify myself to that son of a bitch? The debriefing's on hold indefinitely. I want you to take some time off to clear your head. With all due respect, admiral, I don't need a vacation. That's an order, captain! PHLOX: Lieutenant. Um, if you wouldn't mind. Uh, ah. Not exactly traveling light, are you? Ha, ha. Thank you. Why leave the comforts of home when you can take it all with you, hmm? [REED GRUNTS] I trust you'll be taking the proper precautions on the surface. What do you mean? Oh, I'm surprised you haven't heard. An Andorian and two Rigelians were attacked. Attacked? Why? Apparently the Xindi incident has caused a degree of xenophobia. It's hard to believe in this day and age. I'm told the Vulcans are staying behind the walls of their compound. I'm not going to let a few isolated incidents disrupt my vacation plans. I lived on Earth for many years before coming aboard Enterprise. I don't think this is the same planet you remember, doctor. People are looking for someone to blame, and they don't care who it is. I appreciate your concern, but I'll be fine. Would you? [TWIG SNAPS] Mind if I ask what you're doing here? You know better than to go climbing without a partner. How about that volcano we saw on the way down, Mount Tar'ana? Tar'hana. Is it still active? - There are frequent eruptions. - Ah. We can schedule a tour of the crater, if you're interested. Wow. Volcanoes, ancient ruins, fire plains. I'm not sure where to start. So this is where you grew up. It's not like I imagined. Meaning? Well, it's beautiful. Vulcans appreciate beauty. Well, I had no doubt about that. You always were a snazzy dresser. Commander Tucker, I suggest... You didn't tell me you were bringing a guest. Mother, you're home. Obviously. It's agreeable to see you. You appear well. I'm Charles Tucker. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. [IN VULCAN] [IN VULCAN] [IN ENGLISH] You both must be very tired after your journey. The guest room is on the south end of the house. T'POL [IN ENGLISH]: It's not yet midday. Why aren't you at the science academy? I'm no longer an instructor there. I wrote you a letter. Didn't Starfleet transmit it to your ship? We had communication difficulties in the Expanse. I don't know why you're surprised. This was planned years ago. There's more to life than one's profession. Perhaps you'll learn that one day. It seems that I'm not the only one who knew you were coming. You received this yesterday. It's from Koss. Did you believe he had forgotten you? You're going to respond. I have nothing to say to Koss. He's your fiancé. Former fiancé. That is a matter for debate. It would be wise for you to speak with him. You probably don't wanna hear this, but I got a call from my brother yesterday. They renamed my old high school after you. - How many is that, two, three dozen? - I'm not counting. That's just North America. I don't think Zefram Cochrane has that many schools named after him. So did you get a chance to look them over? Look what over? ERIKA: My senior-officer candidates. Any suggestions for Tactical? You may wanna find someone with more field experience. A MACO. I'm not sure how I feel about a military officer on the Bridge. ARCHER: If I were you, I'd talk to General Casey about assigning an entire squad. ARCHER: Things have changed since Enterprise left spacedock. You'll spend a lot of your time boldly going into battle. Don't you think you're being a little cynical? Did you read my reports? Yes, captain, I did. Hey. [BEEPS] Mountain lion. Tracks are a few days old. Ooh. Good thing I have you to protect me. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] [BELL GONGING] Come in. Good morning. - What time is it? - 0400. You're kidding. We have to prepare the morning meal. As guests, it's expected of us. Oh. The nah'ru vines have bloomed early this year. I've had ample time to attend to them. It sounds as if you're not enjoying retirement. You still haven't told me the reason for your visit. I didn't know one was necessary. I thought perhaps you'd decided to rejoin the High Command. I've been offered a commission with Starfleet. If I accept, it could be several years before I'm able to return home. The gespar isn't fresh. My stasis unit needs to be replaced. Hmm. Well, I'd be happy to take a look at it. If I can recalibrate a warp reactor, I ought to be able to handle a kitchen appliance. My daughter's always been fascinated by alien worlds. She was all too eager to finish her schooling and leave Vulcan. As I recall, you encouraged me to leave. A mother is expected to push her young out of the nest. At some point, they're supposed to return. I'm told that on Earth, a human child chooses their own path in life. They put their own wishes ahead of their families'. That's true for the most part. You've learned much from them, haven't you? A Starfleet posting is no less important than one with the High Command. I'm sure Father would have approved. Your father believed that our work should enrich Vulcan society. Earth is supposed to be our ally. What's happened to you? We shouldn't argue in front of a guest. REED: Thank you. That is kind of you to say. Unfortunately, we don't actually give tours of the ship. If that policy ever changes, you two will be the first to know. You had to wear that jacket. Do you think I wear this jacket to attract attention? How's your drink? PHLOX: Uh, delicious, thank you. Because I had heard someplace your people didn't like alcohol. Heh. You may be thinking of Vulcans. You know, you're right. I get your species mixed up all the time. Is there something we can help you with? I'm just trying to make sure your friend here is comfortable. Sitting in a bar full of so many strange-looking aliens like us. I'm quite comfortable. Because if you weren't, if humans make you nervous for some reason, the Vulcan consulate's on the other side of the bridge. I'll bet there's someplace there where someone like yourself could get a nice refreshing beverage. Well, perhaps we should be on our way, hmm? We're not going anywhere, doctor. If your friend wants to go, let him go. You're not chasing anyone out of here. You Starfleet people are the real problem. You fly all around space, telling every species you meet where to find Earth. Did it ever occur to you that might not be the smartest thing to do? Sir, why don't you just go back to the bar? Excuse me, admiral. I don't take orders from you. You heard him. Step away from the table. Gentlemen, please! [ALL GRUNTING] Doctor. I just wanna thank you for letting me stay here. Expressing gratitude is an Earth custom. T'Pol says thank you all the time. I've noticed. T'Pol's lucky. It's nice to have a place to go home to. I know that you're romantically involved with my daughter. There's no logic in denying it. How long have you been attracted to her? Oh. I knew we had some kind of chemistry the first time we got into an argument. I never had fun arguing with anyone before. I got the impression T'Pol wasn't gonna say anything to you. She didn't. I'm her mother. [POWERS UP] You've repaired it? The field generator just needed a little adjustment. It's good as new. If you have the time, perhaps you could repair my food synthesizer? [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Would you mind? Koss? I need to speak with T'Pol. I wanna hear about your life aboard the human ship. You must have many fascinating stories. Why are you here? The answer should be obvious. You've received my letters. You know I'm not interested in marriage. The decision isn't ours alone. My parents believe in the old traditions. For them, a betrothal cannot simply be dismissed. You have the option of choosing another mate. I don't want another mate. You should be aware I've been ill recently. Ill? It could take some time for me to recover, assuming it's even possible. I can help. My father's a man of influence. He knows the finest doctors in the province. I intend to go through with this. What if I declared the kal-if-fee? Is that what you want? A fight to the death? Perhaps your human friend would make a suitable challenger. You find this amusing? No. Call a challenger if you wish. I'll do whatever is necessary. It's best if you leave. I may be able to help your mother. What do you mean? KOSS: My father could have her reinstated. She retired. She was asked to resign. Why? I've said more than I should. If we were to marry, you'd only have to live on Vulcan for one year. You could resume your career with Starfleet after that. Is that what you want? An absent wife? I'd want you to be happy. You should go. How about that? What? Just to the left of Polaris. We found our first M-class planet around that star. Maybe humans will go back someday, build a colony. I doubt it. The air was filled with a psychotropic compound. After breathing it for a few hours, my senior officers nearly killed each other. Maybe the Vulcans were right. Maybe we weren't ready. Not ready? How long were we supposed to wait? Look what it's gotten us. We almost lost Earth. Enterprise saved Earth. If we weren't out there stirring up trouble, 7 million people might still be alive. You weren't stirring up trouble. You were exploring. I'm not sure there's much of a difference. So, what do you suggest? Put our starships in mothballs? No. We need them. But look at the Vulcans. They're not explorers. They keep their ships close to home. You never know who's gonna come calling. That's not the mission either one of us signed up for. Maybe you'll feel differently after you've delivered a few dozen eulogies. It's difficult to meditate with you standing there. This retirement wasn't your choice. That's not entirely accurate. I chose to retire rather than face dismissal. I was under investigation by the Security Ministry. They claimed I had taken restricted data from the academy archives. - Did you? - No. I don't understand. Their accusations were fabricated. I was told that if I left the academy, they would end the inquiry. Why would the Ministry do this? Because of me? They blamed me for the incident at P'Jem. After the monastery was destroyed, the first minister was dismissed. You've made many enemies here. They couldn't reach me on Enterprise, so they punished you. It's criminal. How could you let them do this? You've changed. Your emotions were always close to the surface, but you managed to suppress them. It's because of this Commander Tucker, isn't it? He's the reason why you refuse to bond with Koss. Do you really believe that a human and a Vulcan can have a future together? Imagine the shame your children would endure, assuming that the two of you could have children. That wouldn't be your concern. [GROWLING NEARBY] [LEAVES RUSTLE] [GROANS] [ARCHER GRUNTING] You all right? I'm not even sure what all right means anymore. Wanna talk about it? There's an old code among climbers. Anything that happens on the mountain stays there. You wanna know why I'm out here? I figured this was the last place I'd run into anyone who'd wanna shake my hand or take my picture or tell me I'm an inspiration to their children. If they knew what I'd done... ERIKA: You did what any captain would have done. Does that include torture? Or marooning a ship full of innocent people? Because I don't remember reading those chapters in the handbook. Where are you going, Jon? Going climbing in the middle of the night? Why not? It'd be a shame if you lost your footing. It's a long way down. But at least you wouldn't have to deal with these feelings anymore. Are you telling me I have a death wish? You tell me. All I'm trying to do is get away from you. I look at you and I see the person I was three years ago. The explorer that my father wanted me to be. I lost something out there. And I don't know how to get it back. What was that? Something I haven't done in a while. Whatever you lost, maybe I can help you find it. If we have time when we get back to Earth, I'd like to show you some sights, return the favor. Everything okay? There's something I need to tell you. I've decided to marry Koss. Marry him? If I join his family, my mother will regain her position at the academy. His father is a senior minister with a great deal of influence. I don't get it. Are they forcing you to do this? The decision was mine. My mother resigned because of my actions. What? You told me three years ago you didn't even love this guy. So you're just gonna leave Starfleet and move back to Vulcan? I've been negotiating with Koss' family. Negotiating? They've agreed. We won't have to reside together. Not right away. I'll remain on Enterprise for the time being. That's real generous of them. Trip, I have to do this. For many reasons. And how am I supposed to take this? I'm sorry. You're sorry? You brought me 16 light years just to watch you get married to someone you barely know. [SCOFFS] We should have brought a camera. You remember that planet I told you about? There was a mountain range on the southern continent. The view was almost as amazing as this. ERIKA: That's a good day's climb we've got ahead of us. We can reach the summit by nightfall, but we should get moving. I think the view's fine from here. I'm glad you tagged along. You know, there's still something I'm not quite clear about. What's that? Why did we stop seeing each other? Oh. I was your superior officer. It wasn't appropriate. You're not my superior anymore. I wonder if Starfleet would approve. The captains of the only two Warp Five ships. You're forgetting the climbers' code. HOSHI: So, what's the verdict? Am I gonna live? Your parasite count is almost negligible. This should dispose of the rest of them. - I hope you're gonna make it tonight. - Huh? Madame Chang's. Don't tell me that you forgot. Ah. Um... My osmotic eel is under the weather. I should stay aboard until she's feeling better. Wait, you've been talking about the egg-drop soup at this place for as long as I've known you. I'm sure you and Ensign Mayweather will enjoy it. I spoke with Travis. What happened to you the other night? Oh, you must mean the, uh: Heh. Nothing more than an instinctive defensive response. So you're gonna stay aboard the ship because of some loudmouth in a bar? My presence could provoke another incident. Someone could get hurt. This isn't the way to deal with prejudice. The best thing is to show your face and remind people that there are aliens who don't wanna blow up the planet. I can't blame those men for the way they reacted. Earth has survived a horrific attack. It will take time for the trauma to heal. Besides, I have friends, hmm, to keep me company. Now, if it's not too much trouble... I'll bring you some takeout. The details of this debriefing will remain classified, as ordered by the Command Council. If there are no further questions... Ambassador. I want to apologize for what I said to you the other day. I was out of line. Yes, you were. I'm glad we can finally agree on something. Captain. Your actions, while being morally questionable, were necessary. I opposed your appointment as captain of Enterprise, but it's obvious now that I was wrong. T'Pol has told me that the Expanse would have someday encompassed hundreds of systems, including Vulcan. You've done a great service for both our worlds. Thank you. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Come in. Koss and his family are waiting. I'll be there as soon as I can. [SIGHS] Know any good tailors? These clothes belonged to my husband. They fit you well. Aren't you bothered by the fact that T'Pol doesn't even care for this guy? She's fulfilling her family obligation. I met my husband only once before we were joined. In time, we developed a deep connection to each other. Yeah. Well, maybe she'd rather make a connection with someone else. Have you informed T'Pol? - Informed her of what? - You're in love with her. Vulcans may not express their emotions, but we are sensitive to them. I don't think I knew it until we were standing over that lava field, and she told me she was gonna marry Koss. That's when it hit me. I was gonna lose her. I wanted to tell her right there, but I couldn't. There's still time. I thought you didn't approve. I may not condone your relationship, but it's important for her to have all the facts. If I say anything, T'Pol might call off the wedding. Or worse, not call it off. She's got enough pressure on her as it is. I don't wanna make things any more complicated. You look amazing. I'm grateful that you're here. Wouldn't miss it for the world. It's time. What ye are about to witness comes down from the time of the beginning without change. This is the Vulcan heart. This is the Vulcan soul. This is our way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 