Star Trek: Enterprise: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Enterprise 
 s4e1 - Storm Front: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Enterprise (2001–2005): Season 4, Episode 1 - Storm Front: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Enterprise seems to have traveled back in time to World War Two, but it's not the World War that we are used to. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Previously on Enterprise: This species has technology which allows them to examine alternate timelines. They've seen this future and they wanna change the outcome. REED: We've got less than ten hours before this weapon reaches Earth. The captain wants to take a team aboard to destroy it. [ALL GRUNT] Give me the charges. - I'll take care of it, sir. - Don't worry. I'll be right behind you. REED: Captain Archer destroyed the weapon. - Where is he? Is he okay? - Captain didn't make it, Trip. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Prepare a shuttlepod. I want you and Ensign Mayweather to get down to San Francisco. Find out what's wrong. Sir... [SOLDIER 1 IN GERMAN] [SOLDIER 2 IN GERMAN] This is Commander Charles Tucker of the starship Enterprise. [GUNFIRE] What the hell are you people doing? Those are P-51s. I've seen them at air shows. I don't think this is an air show. Are they breaking off? Maybe we should follow them. Try to find a landing port, set us down. [ALARM BLARING] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Starboard injector. Get us out of here. Rita Hayworth. Veronica Lake. Betty Grable. Ha, ha. Americans are good at making movies. They're not so good at fighting. Someday I will go to Hollywood, and I will meet Betty Grable. Maybe you'll introduce me, huh? What do you think? - She's not your type. - Ha-ha-ha. You know, in Hollywood movies, Americans always win. Too bad for you, you're not in a movie. [GUNFIRE] Insurgents! [GROANS] Keep driving. Move! Move! [SPEAKS IN GERMAN] [GROANS] [BOTH GRUNTING] WINSTON CHURCHILL [ON RADIO]: --as to the youth of all the Britons, I say, you cannot stop. There's no halting place at this point. We have now reached a point in the journey where there can be no pause. We must go on. It must be world anarchy or world order. That was Winston Churchill. I picked that up half an hour ago. Well, it's true, then. We're over 200 years in the past. I've also intercepted several military dispatches and a radio program, something called The Shadow. We should run a complete diagnostic. Start with the sensor array. This isn't a damn sensor glitch. We just pulled three.50-caliber bullets from the shuttlepod hull. And spare us the official Vulcan position about time travel. We are 200 years in the past. Face it. The first step to getting back is ascertaining how we got here. As soon as the diagnostic is complete, run a scan for any anomalies in the area. Right away. Maybe we're here for a reason. Maybe this wasn't an accident. For the moment, we can't rule out any possibilities. GHRATH: The Germans believe there are 5,000 resistance fighters operating throughout the region. They're becoming better organized, increasing their attacks. We lost four men in the assault. You should have chosen a safer route. And you should have personally overseen the transfer. We were in the midst of a crucial weapons test. He was just an American prisoner. He was more than that. This communication device he was carrying, it's from the future. A temporal agent? Double the security details at all the entrances to the compound. If they have located us, it won't be long before they strike. How could they have possibly found us? If the prisoner hadn't escaped, we might know the answer to that question. You know what I expect of you. The prisoner will be recovered. [DOORBELL CHIMES] Come in. You got a second? I wanted to say I was way out of line earlier. You have enough to worry about without me flying off the handle. Your reaction was understandable. I was just all set to get home. I wasn't expecting to be in the middle of another situation. None of us were. I was also looking forward to going home. I thought perhaps I would return to Vulcan. It's been some time since I was there. Sounds nice. I was gonna lay on a different beach every week for two months. The only thing to figure out was whether to start in Tahiti or in Cancun. The captain would always try to put the best light on the worst situation. I wonder what he'd say to this one. I think he'd be hard-pressed to find any positive aspects. But he would try nevertheless. [DOORBELL CHIMES] Come in. I've been going over those military dispatches that Hoshi picked up. Some of them don't make sense. They mention recent battles in Virginia and Ohio. There weren't any battles fought there in World War Il. The Nazis never got to North America. Something's very wrong down there. It's chicken liver, your favorite, with grated cheddar. [SIGHS] Oh, I can't say I blame you. I don't have much of an appetite myself. Perhaps a Denobulan lullaby, hmm, will improve your mood? [WHIMPERS] Eh. On the other hand, my singing would often drive my children to tears. Maybe what you need is a nice thick steak. I'll, uh, see what chef has on the menu. Be right back. [GASPING] Hey, hey, hey. Hey, it's okay. It's all right. I'm a friend. I'm just cleaning you up a little. War's a dirty business. But you're lucky. Bullet just missed the bone. Where am I? You're in my apartment, what's left of it. I'm Alicia Travers. Jonathan Archer. Pleased to meet you. What's the last thing you remember? I was in a truck with a couple of German soldiers. ALICIA: Hmm. There was an explosion, and someone started shooting at us. - I got away. - You sure did. And your SS friends, they're dead, which is how I like them. You're my first bona fide POW. I usually fix up guys in the resistance. Easy, easy, easy. Easy, sailor. - You don't wanna start bleeding again. - Sailor? Yeah, that patch on your shirt says "Enterprise." You must have made if off before it sank. How'd you wind up all the way over here? I've been asking myself the same question. [ALICIA CLEARS THROAT] ARCHER: What year is this? It's 1944. World War Il. I haven't heard it called that before, but that's as good a description as any. Used to be a pretty nice neighborhood, even for coloreds. As you can see, it's gone downhill. ARCHER: Where are we? We're in Brooklyn. New York City. The weapon fires a modulating plasma pulse equivalent to the energy produced by three 88-millimeter shells. Each pulse can destroy a tank. Very impressive. When can we expect deployment? I can't give you a specific timetable. There are still some problems to be addressed. - Such as? - Portability. The weapons require considerable power. In my century, there are energy cells the size of a coin. In this century, it's somewhat more difficult. What are these? VOSK: Requisition forms. I require additional supplies. "Eighty-six metric tons of aluminum plating, 170 tons of carbon steel." We can't keep diverting vital materials from war production. We are inside the home of a former American president. It seems to me your war effort is going well enough. That could change very quickly. Intelligence suggests the Americans are preparing a counterattack. Our front lines are dangerously thin, supply routes are under constant attack from resistance fighters. A forceful enemy thrust could stand a good chance of breaking through. On top of this, there have been setbacks in Africa, and the Russians are attempting to retake Moscow. While no one has expressed this to the Führer, there is widespread belief that Germany has advanced too far too quickly. All the more reason to accede to my request. The weapons I'm preparing will make you immune from any counterattack anywhere in the world. And I'm not just referring to plasma-rifles. Imagine a plague targeting non-Aryans. No need for extermination camps, just a few grams of a pathogen introduced into the water supply. You make promises. All we ever see are films. There is far too much at stake for us to argue. We have far too much in common. We both embrace the ideals of purity and perfection, and we both face enemies that would destroy us. Now is not the time to end an association that is vital to our mutual survival. No one has proposed ending anything. Then I'll expect delivery by the end of the week. [HEELS CLICK] PHLOX: Portions of Daniels' body have aged at a dramatic rate. In some areas, the tissue is over 100 years old. Yet other sections have been reduced to an almost fetal stage. Do you have any theories as to what caused this? It's not any kind of infectious organism, at least, nothing that shows up on my medical scanner. Will he survive? Frankly, with this amount of cellular chaos, I'm surprised he's still alive. I doubt he'll live more than 24 hours. He very well could be responsible for our being here. He could also be the only hope of getting back to our own time. It is imperative that I speak with him. [SOLDIERS SPEAKING IN GERMAN] [MAN 1 GRUNTS] MAN 2: No. No! [WOMAN SCREAMS] [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Vic's been arrested. - When? - A few hours ago. The Gestapo's clearing out entire buildings, shooting people in the street. They're looking for you. The Germans are offering $10,000 for information leading to your capture. Why? I can't tell you. Look, you son of a bitch, my friend is probably being tortured right now. I wanna know why. It's classified. - I won't tell anyone. ALICIA: Sal. Shut up. You got three seconds. One, two, - three. - Come on, Sal, take it easy. Take it easy. Come on, now. Easy, easy. All I can tell you is we're on the same side. Damn military. You cut and run. You leave us at the mercy of these Nazi bastards. I didn't cut and run. Oh, yeah, yeah, I forgot. It was an orderly retreat. [SIREN WAILING] Vic might break. If he talks, it won't be safe here. - We've been through this. - Alicia-- This is my home. I'm not leaving. We're gonna see if we can find out any more information about Vic. PHLOX: He's conscious, but I don't know for how long. Where's Captain Archer? Captain Archer is dead. He was on the Xindi weapon when it exploded. Are you responsible for sending us back in time? Why? The Temporal Cold War has become an all-out conflict. Temporal agents, dozens of them stationed throughout the timeline, they've been given orders to change history. For what purpose? Each faction is trying to wipe the others out. It's a fight for dominance. Daniels, the events of this period don't correspond with recorded history. Germany has launched a successful invasion of the United States. DANIELS: Different incursions are causing paradoxes, turbulence in the time stream. I almost didn't make it back. [GASPING] [MACHINE BEEPING] - How do we return to our century? - You can't. It doesn't exist, not the way you know it. Neither does mine. It's all gone. You have to stop him. Stop who? [MACHINE BEEPING] Daniels. Stop who? We're conducting extensive sweeps within a 15-mile radius of the ambush. We haven't found the prisoner, but we have taken in several members of the resistance. They're being interrogated. There's one that I suspect took part in the ambush. VOSK: We're picking up scans from a ship in orbit. It's from the same time period as the device we found on the escaped prisoner. This resistance member you're interrogating... Yes? Bring him to me. Not bad. Where's your husband now? He's in the Pacific, on a destroyer. I hear the war isn't going any better over there. Don't be expecting a second course. It's not bad. You're a rotten liar. All the good stuff goes to the Germans. I still can't believe it. You know, that they're actually here. I'll never forget the... The day I saw that first German tank rolling up Flatbush. All the people streaming across the Brooklyn Bridge trying to get out of Manhattan. The president on the radio vowing to persevere, right before the government evacuated Washington. [BILLIE HOLIDAY'S "MY OLD FLAME" PLAYING ON PHONOGRAPH] Right on time. Billie Holiday. Ah. Good to know there's something that you remember. Germans outlawed colored music. Some of the neighbors pass a phonograph from house to house every night so the Germans can't find it. Just another way of telling them off. Alicia. I'm gonna ask you something. It's gonna sound a little strange. What else is new? When I was in a German medical tent, one of the soldiers who came in to see me wasn't like the other ones. He had gray skin, red eyes. He wasn't human. This isn't the first time you've heard something like this. Sal mentioned some stories once, but I didn't believe him. They may be more than stories. I need to track down this soldier I saw. It's very important. Would you contact Sal? TRIP: EPS conduit's fried. Get to Engineering and pull a fresh one out of the injector assembly. Yes, commander. Walsh? [CLATTERING FROM ABOVE] SILIK: Commander. Silik. - Son of a bitch. - Climb in. - You brought us here. - No. Then who did? What's happening is beyond your comprehension. Get in the shuttlepod. I would rather not have to discharge this weapon. [BOTH GRUNTING] [MACHINE BEEPING] Bay 1 is depressurizing. Someone's launching a shuttlepod. Hail them. REED: I'm picking up one life sign aboard. It's Suliban. Phase cannons. CARMINE: If this Nazi wasn't a human, what was he, then? - I don't know. - Just tell Sal I wanna talk to him. All right. Here. It's hamburger. Germans are cutting the meat ration again. It's gonna be worth its weight in gold. Thanks, Carmine. Watch yourselves. ALICIA: Used to be we'd get meat on Wednesdays and Fridays. Then it was just Wednesdays. Nazis blame the resistance. Say we're disrupting the food shipments. - Makes the Germans look like heroes. - Yeah. Fighting to feed the people. [SPEAKS IN GERMAN] Look. No eye contact. Why do you walk with her? - Why not? - Do you like Negroes? We don't want any trouble. Shut up, bitch. Do we make you angry? You could say that. When we send her back to Africa, you can go along. You can run through the jungles together. Like I said, neighborhood's gone downhill. Before he lost consciousness, Daniels told me there was someone we had to stop. At least now we know who he was talking about. Can you get a fix on the shuttlepod? He disabled the transponder. However, we are picking up trace plasma signatures, probably from the damage. And I think I can get us within three kilometers of where it went down. That will have to suffice. Thing I can't understand: Why'd he go to the trouble of saving my life? He pulled me out of the launch bay before he depressurized it. Another item on our list of things to ponder. Curfew starts in an hour. We gotta move fast. [GUNFIRE] Yeah, well, sometimes the Germans don't wait for curfew. Can't get used to all this skulking around. Yeah, I know what you mean. We used to own this neighborhood. Yeah, well, tell him what you guys did before the war. Nothing to tell. We were delegates for the Construction Workers Union. Right. The loan-sharking was just a part-time job. Hey, we helped people get out of financial difficulty. Since when is that a crime? When they didn't pay you back on time. That's where the crime part came in. Come on, let's go. SAL: This guy's a welsher and a drunk. I wouldn't put too much stock into what comes out of his mouth. ARCHER: I'll keep that in mind. I'm only doing this because Alicia asked. Don't forget that. What's this all about? I want you to tell him what you told me about your customer. - Who are you? - Just shut up and tell him. I can't talk and shut up at the same time. CARMINE: Talk. The man comes to me for information. Sometimes he asks about the resistance, sometimes he asks about the Gestapo. He's keeping tabs on both sides. Me? Heh. I don't know squat, so, uh, I make stuff up. - He pays good. - What's he look like? He always wears a hat. Stays in the shadows. I caught a glimpse of him once. He ain't like nobody I ever seen, that's for sure. It's the red eyes I can't forget. - I wanna talk to him. - Forget it. That ain't part of the deal. Sal. What you owe me, take 20 percent off. - Damn, Sal. - What? I'm a generous guy. I don't know-- Hey, you think the Germans are tough? Get me in a bad mood. [EXPLOSION] Artillery. Hard to believe we're only a few kilometers from New York City. It's hard to believe this is Earth. [DEVICE BEEPING] Plasma signature. That way. We're keeping the Germans busy. More and more of us every day. Irish gangs, dock workers, coloreds, even broads. Some of these women, - they could shoot the fleas off a tick. - Heh. When the war's over, I got half a mind to put them on the payroll. [METAL CLANKS] Here. It's loaded. MAN: Prazki? You. ALICIA: Throw the gun down. CARMINE: You're not following directions. That's how people get hurt. SAL: You'd better take her advice. MAN: What do you want? Holy mother of... Tucker to Enterprise. - T'Pol. TUCKER [OVER COM]: We found it. - No sign of Silik. - What's the shuttlepod's condition? I'll need some more time before I know if it'll fly. You ever see anything like that before? Maybe he's wearing some kind of mask. That's no mask. Who are you? Answer me. I have nothing to say to you. How about if we pulled out your tongue? You're not what I expected. Temporal agents are usually more informed. What the hell is a temporal agent? You wouldn't understand. - Listen, you freak-- - Why are you changing history? You're helping the Germans win the war. Why? Because it suits us. How does this suit you? GHRATH: Oh! ARCHER: Sal, no. - Damn it. - It's better than he deserves. CARMINE: Get your hands off him. - You want answers, don't you? - But not like that. - Just say the word, Sal. I'll take him out right here. The hell with it. ARCHER: I don't know how long I can hold them off. You'd better talk to me. Now, who are you? What are you doing here? We're trapped. The Germans are helping us construct a conduit so we can find our way home. You said I was a temporal agent. We know you're from the future. We detected your ship in orbit. My ship? It has the same markings that were on your uniform. I need to contact them. Can I do it with this? [SIREN WAILING] We better get out of here. The conduit, where's it being built? You find it. Come on. Come on. You won't stop us. When we get back, you'll never have existed. EPS system's completely fused. It could take a week. I'm picking up movement in the area. Looks like several vehicles. - Commander-- - I heard. Moving to plan B. What about Silik? We gotta find him. We will. One problem at a time. SAL: Jeez, he looked like some kind of demon. ALICIA: His blood wasn't even red. SAL: Was that my imagination, or did he say something about being from the future? - He meant him. - Archer to Enterprise. You want any more of our help, you're gonna tell us what's going on. What was that back there? That was an extraterrestrial. A Martian? I don't know what planet he was from. - Where are you from? - Upstate New York. Fellas, [BOTTLES CLANK] a lot of people out past curfew. I don't like the looks of this. We gotta get out of here. [SOLDIERS SPEAKING IN GERMAN] Move. [GUNFIRE] Sal. Get out of here! [GROANS] [SOLDIER BLOWS WHISTLE] Halt! Enterprise, come in. [GROANS] Enterprise. What are you doing? ARCHER: Enterprise. [CLICKING] Whoever you're calling, they're not gonna get here in time. Charges are set. [DOGS BARKING] SOLDIER: Come out. [SOLDIERS CHATTERING IN GERMAN] [SOLDIER SHOUTING IN GERMAN] [BARKING] - It's done. - I've lost them. The explosion may have disrupted their com signal. I'm picking up another signal. It's faint. Let's hear it. ARCHER [OVER COM]: Captain Archer to Enterprise. Come in. Enterprise, come in. Captain? [GUNFIRE] [GUN CLICKING] T'POL [OVER COM]: Your transmission is very weak. Do you read me? T'Pol. Two to transport. Leave your weapons on the ground. And stand up slowly. [GUN CLATTERS] We have a great deal to talk about. It'll have to wait. You're all right. You're on my ship. How'd we get here? It's kind of complicated. - Promise you won't do that again. - I promise. Captain. Welcome home. We're not quite home yet, but it's good to be back. I guess I have some catching up to do. Status? Several vehicles converged on the area moments before the shuttlepod exploded. Keep searching. This is one of the aliens' communicators. Take it apart. Figure out how to monitor their transmissions. [BARKS] It's nice to see you again, captain. I hope it's the last time you'll have to look after Porthos. It was a pleasure, as always. - Is he awake? - He doesn't have much time. Jonathan. Who are they? The most dangerous faction of the cold war. They're led by Vosk, a fanatic violently opposed to the Temporal Accords. [GASPING] Stay with me. Stay with me. We almost captured him, but he developed a form of stealth time travel. He escaped into the past. We eventually located him, but it was too late. He returned to my century. He and his people defeated us and launched this war that's destroying all of time. I've sent you to this point because it's here that Vosk can be stopped. If you succeed, the war will never happen. The timeline will be restored. One of his people told me they were building a conduit. Vosk's time-travel device had a drawback. It was a one-way trip. He needed to construct the conduit to get home, but he was forced to use technology from this time period. The machine would have to be enormous. Find it. Destroy it. He must not succeed. Stop him. [GASPS] [EKG FLATLINING] Your colleague has managed to evade us. I assure you, whatever I want to know, you'll tell me gratefully. I'll be supervising another test. Notify me when they're ready for questioning. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 