Star Trek: Enterprise: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Enterprise 
 s2e11 - Precious Cargo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Enterprise (2001–2005): Season 2, Episode 11 - Precious Cargo - full transcript 
 Enterprise answers a distress call of a Retellian cargo ship. The crew, Goff and Plinn, tell they have a problem with a stasis pod that apparently carries a passenger. While both Retellians enjoy Enterprise' facilities, Trip tries to repair the pod which contains a beautiful woman. Then suddenly the woman wakes up. She seems to choke and Trip opens the pod, only to be knocked out by the quickly returned Goff. He escapes with his ship from Enterprise, leaving Plinn behind. The woman introduces herself as Kaitaama, heir apparent to the throne of Krios, and she suspects she's being held for ransom. Trip thinks of a plan to escape. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ARCHER [OVER COM]: Archer to Commander Tucker. Go ahead. I know you're off-duty but we've got visitors. I can see that. - Are you up for a little repair work? - Sir? - Meet me at Docking Port 2. - On my way. Anything serious? They said they were having trouble with one of their life-support systems. - Who's they? - Retellian cargo pilots. The seal is secure. Welcome aboard. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Gracious of you to help us, captain. We were beginning to think our distress call would never be answered. This is Sub-commander T'Pol and my chief engineer, Commander Tucker. Our salvation. The captain said something about life support. We were hired to return a young woman to her home world. A few days ago, her stasis pod began to malfunction. Stasis? Is she injured? No, no. She's a passenger. But our ship is designed to haul cargo, not people, and it's a very long journey. Putting her in suspended animation was our only choice. We have another five months ahead of us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 If she wakes up, there won't be enough food, air to breathe. If we're forced to abort the mission, we won't get paid. Commander Tucker is resourceful. I'm sure he'll be able to assist you. - Mind if I have a look? - Please. You've been very accommodating. If it's not too much trouble, I'd like to make another request. It's been a long time since we've enjoyed the luxury of a bath. I understand. T'Pol will show you to guest quarters. When you're done, I'll have my chef prepare you a meal. This regulates power flow to the bio-pod. Looks very creative. These relays are from an old Ardanan shuttle. They weren't designed to carry this much current. I've got some EPS conduits that might do the trick. This would be a lot easier if I could read your language. If you don't mind, like to ask our communications officer to give me a hand. By all means. Is there a problem? No. No, no problem. I'm gonna need some tools from Enterprise. With a little luck, Sleeping Beauty here will never know there was a problem. [DOOR BEEPS] Come in. I hope I didn't deplete your water supply. I'm sure we'll manage. Please. T'Pol tells me your vessel can't do much better than warp 2. Warp 2.2. I've been making some calculations. If I'm not mistaken, at warp 4.5, Enterprise can have you at your destination in less than four days. That's a generous offer. But I have already inconvenienced you far too much. It's no inconvenience. We're out here to meet new people. You're heading toward an inhabited world we've never seen. First contacts tend to go more smoothly when a familiar face is making the introductions. I'm sure you'll do fine on your own. You could dock in our launch bay. You wouldn't have to worry about that stasis pod. We have plenty of room for you and your passenger. It's not that simple, captain. This has all been carefully prearranged. Her family's not expecting her for another five months. They're not even on her home world at the moment. But I will accept your offer of a meal, if it's not too late. Commander? Hello? Is that the translation? Give or take an adverb. Thanks. At least you don't have to work alone. Hell of a way to travel, isn't it? Who is she? Any idea? I asked Plinn but he doesn't seem to know too much about her. Said something about studying medicine in a research colony. - A doctor? - I suppose so. She must have a real passion for it if she's willing to go through all this. Shame we'll never get to meet her. It's not polite to stare, commander. What's that supposed to mean? Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. [TRIP STAMMERS] I wasn't staring. [THUD NEARBY] Hoshi? [THUDDING] [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Are you all right? [DEVICE BEEPING] - Problem? - The stasis pod. - What about it? - It's malfunctioning. If you'll excuse me, captain. - I'll show you to the docking port. - I know the way. - What are you doing? - Help me open this thing. - We can't bring her out of stasis. - She's suffocating. The release is jammed. Don't bother. [SHOUTING] I'm sorry about this. The O2 recycler went off-line. You're gonna be all right. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] [COM BEEPS] - Yes? GOFF: There's a minor problem. - I'm going to need your assistance. - What kind of problem? GOFF: The malfunction is more complicated than I expected. I'll be there in a moment. - I don't mean to be rude. ARCHER: Not at all. Archer to Commander Tucker. Trip, can you hear me? Archer to Lieutenant Reed. - Mr. Plinn? - That's right. Lieutenant Reed. The captain asked me to escort you back to your ship. - That won't be necessary. - I'm afraid I'm under orders. - Have I done something wrong? - It's just a precaution. I never realized leaving the captain's table would cause so much concern. - He's trying to break loose. - Secure the docking clamps. - Report. - He hasn't gotten far at warp 2, sir. Hail him. No response. Phase cannons. Target his engines. Direct hit to the port nacelle. He's dropping out of warp. Bring us into grappling range. Hail him again. Captain. T'Pol? Dilithium hydroxyls, ionized pyrosulfates. He's moving off. Stay with him. I thought you took out one of his nacelles. - So did I. - Our warp drive won't engage. That cloud he released, it got into the plasma vents. They'll have to be purged. He's moving out of sensor range. I've lost him. [GRUNTS] [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] What the hell did you do that for? [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Hold on. Hold on. I'm not working with them. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Calm down. I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm from a starship called Enterprise. Enterprise. Now put that thing down and I'll untie you. Your hands. I'll free your hands. Let me help you. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] What the hell's going on? Is it repaired? - What? - The stasis pod. Where's Captain Archer? Your ship is a long way from here. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Repair the pod so we can put her back in stasis. It's gonna take a few hours. Work quickly. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Uh... You're welcome? [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Have you seen a little device? It's about this big, has a keypad on it. Um, it's my universal translator. It'll help us understand each other. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] That's it. It's just so we can talk. I need you to say something. You gotta keep talking. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] A little more. [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] Can you understand me? [SPEAKING IN KRIOSIAN] - Where's Hoshi when you need her? - Who is Hoshi? That's better. Would you mind telling me what's going on here? How long have I been in stasis? Well, you'd have to ask them. Commander Tucker to Enterprise. Enterprise, do you hear me? - You are an officer? - Chief engineer. Feels like we've gone to warp. Explain yourself. What do you know about my abductors? We thought they were cargo pilots. They claimed you were their passenger. I am their prisoner. I was returning from a diplomatic mission when they attacked my transport, murdered my guards. - You don't know who I am, do you? - Should I? My family is known on hundreds of worlds. Well, I'm afraid Earth isn't one of them. So I take it you're not a doctor. I am first monarch of the sovereign dynasty of Krios Prime. Oh. Charles Tucker III. Pleased to meet you. - So what do these guys want? - Ransom. No doubt they'll demand a high price for my safe return. Listen, my captain will be looking for me. All we have to do is get off this ship and let them know where we are. And how do you propose we do that? I saw a shuttlebay earlier. There were a couple of escape pods. - You're not going anywhere. - I beg your pardon? We'll remain here until they contact the Sovereign Guard. Once the ransom has been paid, we'll be released. Well, if it's all the same to you, I'd rather take my chances in space. It's too dangerous. If you leave, it would provoke them. If I remember right, this access tube leads to a junction near the shuttlebay. You are not to leave this chamber. With all due respect, I'm not one of your subjects. He's your partner. You must have some idea where he's going. Obviously, I'm his victim as well. Why else would he leave me here? Where were you taking your passenger? Goff had the coordinates. You don't even know what system you were heading for? It wasn't my responsibility. He was piloting the ship, not me. I spent most of my time looking after the cargo. Believe me, captain, I'm as eager to find my partner as you are. If that's true, then we could work together to track him down. I don't see how. We've got pretty good long-range sensors but your ship could be anywhere within a half dozen light years. It'd be a lot easier if we knew your warp frequency. Well, I'm afraid I can't help you with that. I know very little about warp engines. Take him back to Docking Port 2. Put him in the airlock and post a security detail. - I'm telling you the truth. - We'll keep the outer hatch unlocked. If you decide to leave, you know the way out. Could you hand me that circuit probe? The one with the green handle. You must be one hell of a diplomat. Is your entire species so ill-mannered? No. Just me. You know, if you were thinking rationally, you'd be repairing that stasis pod. He did threaten to kill you. That's precisely why I'm getting out of here. I really doubt they're gonna keep me around once I've fixed their problem. You know, I realize someone in your position isn't used to taking advice from a guy like me, but I strongly suggest you come along. He'd never harm me. I'm too valuable to them. I've been involved in a few hostage situations. They rarely turn out the way you expect. You're correct, Mr. Tucker. I don't take advice from people like you. You know, that stasis pod won't fix itself. Chances are you're gonna spend the next five months tied up in this grimy, little cargo hold. Not exactly my idea of a royal voyage. I'll be fine. When I get back to Enterprise, I'll make sure we get a message to your home world, Prios? - Krios Prime. - Take care. Once you've launched an escape pod, what makes you think they won't destroy it? I'm gonna re-route their internal sensors. I'll be a million kilometers away before they know I'm gone. I'm much better company. - How much further? - Just a few more meters. Are you sure this is the right direction? Keep your voice down. What am I supposed to call you, anyway? First monarch? - Your Highness? - Kaitaama. - What is that, some kind of title? - It's my name. What are you doing? These lead to internal sensors. [TRIP GRUNTING] We don't have all day. This is meant for one person. We'll have to make do. Unless you know how to fly one of these things. [RUMBLING] What was that? We're crossing the subspace threshold. Huh. That wasn't so bad. KAITAAMA: What do you propose we do next? To be honest, I hadn't really thought about it. I assumed you had a plan. I was only joking. They do have humor where you come from? Among the commoners. Only joking. Mm. It's only a matter of time before they realize we're gone. No doubt they'll come about and look for us. - We need a place to hide. - Where? TRIP: If I'm translating this right, there's a system about 90 million kilometers from here. We should be able to reach it in a day or so. What makes you think any of those planets are habitable? Only one way to find out. Permission to set a course, Your Sovereignty? Proceed. This would be a whole lot easier if you'd stop moving around. - You're touching me. - I'm afraid I don't have much choice. It's inappropriate to touch the first monarch. You're welcome to step outside until I'm done. Excuse me. Here we go. Landing thrusters. No, wait, they're stabilizers. You have no idea how to control this vehicle. I'm working on it. Even if we do find a breathable atmosphere and you manage to land without killing us, what will we do about food, water? There could be hostile life forms on the surface. How will we protect ourselves? Look, I've got less than 24 hours to figure out how to scan a star system and program a descent sequence in a language I don't understand, and I'm not gonna get it done with you interrupting me every five seconds. So I'd appreciate it if you'd keep quiet until I'm finished. Now lift your butt. - My what? - Your behind, your rear end. I haven't checked that panel yet. KAITAAMA: Quickly. You know, you were a lot more pleasant in stasis. [GRUNTS] I think I found the landing thrusters. I understand how difficult this must be for someone of your upbringing but we could be stuck out here for a while. We should find a way to get along. [GRUNTS] I'm willing to give it a try if you are. My hand. You're sitting on my hand. I'll try. The prisoner, sir, as ordered. Thank you. REED: Will there be anything else, captain? Not right now, lieutenant. Dismissed. Have a seat. Why have I been brought here? Sit down. I already told you everything I know. We're not here to talk about your partner. We're here to talk about you. What about me? You're facing some very serious charges, Mr. Plinn. Where we come from, criminals are held accountable for their actions. If they're found guilty, they're punished. This is where your tribunal is going to take place. Tribunal? I am not subject to your laws. That's not for me to decide. Starfleet asked the Vulcan High Command to assign a judicial administrator to Enterprise, someone who wouldn't be swayed by human emotion, someone objective, logical. From what I understand, Sub-commander T'Pol has already reviewed the evidence. This tribunal is nothing more than a formality. I thought you should be prepared. Her punishments can be severe. How severe? If you're late for your shift, you might receive a beating. But for more grievous offenses, dereliction of duty, conduct unbecoming an officer... [SIGHS] We started out with 83 crewmen onboard. We're down to 76. But I haven't done anything wrong. Accessory to kidnapping, resisting arrest, obstruction of an investigation, causing damage to a Starfleet vessel. What damage? When your partner fled, he released a cloud of dilithium hydroxyls - that clogged our plasma vents. - I had nothing to do with that. As I said, I'm not the one you have to convince. [DOOR BEEPS] Sub-commander. Has the accused been informed of the charges? Yes, ma'am. How much do you weigh? What? Your weight. 72 kilograms. - Height? - 1.8 meters. Why are you asking these questions? Does your culture observe any postmortem rituals? This is not fair. I demand to speak with someone from my government. He's got a point. We've never tried an alien before. Maybe we should contact the High Command. They've granted me complete autonomy in these matters. If I had to consult my superiors every time I made a ruling, it would defeat my purpose here. We'll convene at 1800 hours. As you wish. You can't allow this. - There's nothing I can do. - But you're the captain. [SIGHS] She owes me a few favors. I can't promise anything but I'd be willing to ask for leniency. Of course, I'd want something in return. We still haven't found a way to locate your vessel. If you could remember that warp frequency? Are there any provisions? I'm hungry. You might check that storage compartment above your head. You do it. I'm busy. If you find any water up there, I could use some. Thanks. Allow me. I'm not contagious. Is it edible? Well, depends how hungry you are. It reminds me of my first car. Car? A four-wheeled vehicle. It wasn't much bigger than this. All we're missing is the ocean breeze coming off the gulf. I used to drive out to a place called Chatkin Point, park along the shoreline, and stare at the moon with my girlfriend. Don't worry. I won't make a pass at you. The Sovereign Guard would cut off one of your hands. You must be a fun date. The first monarch doesn't socialize with the opposite sex. You've never been on a date? Four years ago, before I was selected to ascend first monarch, I was courted by young men from many noble families. Now I spend my personal time in the company of my father's advisors. Sounds kind of lonely. You haven't finished your work. KAITAAMA: It's all water. There's a chain of islands near the equator. Will we be able to breathe? Oxygen, nitrogen, a trace of methane. - Nothing we can't handle. - Do you detect any life forms? If I could figure out how to use the bio-sensors. Are you certain we have the correct planet? It's the only one with an atmosphere. You may begin our descent. Well, let's hope I get this right. [RUMBLING] We're entering the thermosphere. - The port stabilizer's down. - Can you repair it? No. But the starboard one should keep us on course. - Mr. Tucker. - So far, so good. Eight thousand meters. I think they're meters. Seven thousand. I'm pretty sure the braking thrusters are firing. Five thousand meters. You might wanna grab hold of something. Two thousand meters. One thousand. Hold on. [GRUNTING] You all right? - What is that? - Damned if I know. This heat is unbearable. It's nothing compared to a summer in the Everglades. At least there aren't any mosquitoes. Whoa. - Where are we going? - Over there. Looks like a good place to set up camp. Your vessel will never find us here. TRIP: Don't underestimate Captain Archer. You're bleeding. - It's just a scratch. - Remove your uniform. I'll take care of it later. We have no idea what microbes live in this environment. - It could become infected. - I said later. You're my only hope of surviving here, Mr. Tucker. I don't intend to let you die. [SIGHS] This one. - Aah! - Hold still. The provisions won't last for more than a day. Sounds like there's plenty of wildlife. I grew up in a place kind of like this. I don't think we're gonna starve. And I can use a thruster or something from the pod to start a fire, boil some water. Thanks. You're welcome. - That's the best you could do? - There's very little dry wood. Keep looking. - What are you waiting for? - I'm not your servant. You are the one who was raised in a primitive environment. You find the wood. What's that supposed to mean? You're obviously better suited to physical labor. In case you haven't noticed, we're not in a palace. You said it yourself. You won't survive without my help, so it seems to me that I'm the one in charge. The king of the swamp. Now get your ass out there and don't come back without an armful of dry wood. I should have you imprisoned for speaking to me that way. You should give me a medal. You'd be dead if it weren't for me. I'm beginning to think that would be preferable. I doubt the commoners back home would complain. [BOTH GRUNTING] How dare you? You're the one who took a swing at me. You insulted the first monarch. I'm just a petty commoner, remember? Raised on a primitive... [DEVICE BEEPING] - What's wrong? - A homing beacon. Unless I'm way off, someone just locked on to it. - Your vessel? - No way to tell. [BOTH GRUNTING AND SHOUTING] [LAUGHING] [SHOUTS] [SHOUTING] [SHOUTS] Leave him. [GROANS] Let's find his weapon. There's someone else here. ARCHER: Trip? This a bad time? Captain's starlog, September 12th, 2152. We've rendezvoused with a Krios battle cruiser, which has taken the kidnappers into custody. So when do you ascend? Two hundred and 46 days. It's a longshot but maybe Enterprise will get the chance to visit Krios Prime before then. Of course, from what you've told me, I doubt your family would let me see you. I doubt they would. But once I've been made first monarch, I'll have the authority to change the rules. What kind of changes? Come visit me. Perhaps you'll find out. [DOOR OPENS] [DOOR CLOSES] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 