Ravenswood: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ravenswood 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ravenswood (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 In Ravenswood Miranda and Caleb find a tombstone with their names and pictures on. Caleb meets Remy, who helps him investigate, and siblings Olivia and Luke, who recently lost their father in mysterious circumstances. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Caleb Rivers. Last night I got on a bus to Ravenswood, thinking I was going to help my girlfriend, Hanna. She's the one who asked me to stay and take care of Miranda. I just met Miranda earlier that night, but we had an immediate connection. So, then, who're you living with now? - It's complicated. - Foster home? You don't have to say it like that. You're not gonna catch something because we're sharing a seat. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've spent some time in a few of them myself. I came to Ravenswood to find my only living relative, an uncle who shipped me off to strangers before I can even memorize his face. Hanna and I hardly knew this girl, but neither one of us wanted to leave her alone in a town where people throw party in cemeteries. I'm not scared easily, not when I need answers about a family I've never known. Last night, I found a tombstone in that cemetery with my name and face on it. And there's a dead Miranda buried there too. There's no way either one of us 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is getting out of that little bus until we found out why ( Phone beeps ) Ravenswood has to be the only town in the country without a website. You know what? It's probably just a coincidence. I bet I have relatives here or something like that. Yeah, 'cause I'm sure that happens all the time. Seeing your name and your face on a gravestone. Miranda, I'm not saying it happens all the time, but it happened. There's an explanation, and we'll find it. You sound like the guy in the horror movies, the one who's all logical and scientific. He usually doesn't make it to the end credits. Where are you going? My uncle's house. Maybe he's back now. So, how'd you find out you had an uncle, anyway? I got a letter from some lawyer about my parents. At the bottom, it said a copy was sent to my mom's brother... Mr. Raymond Collins, Sawmill Road, Ravenswood. Instant family. I went from excited to ticked-off in about ten seconds. - I know the feeling. - You do? Yeah. Like I told you on the bus, I know what it means to be a pinball foster kid. Hey, Caleb, this is it... my uncle's house. One hell of a bed- and-breakfast. - Is that him? - I don't know. I haven't seen him since I was three years old. Maybe he knows about our lookalikes buried out there in the cemetery. Yeah. Mr. Collins? You are? Don't you remember me? I'm Miranda. Your niece? What are you doing here? I think you're supposed to start off with "hello." I'm very busy. You know, I didn't get to introduce myself. I'm Caleb Rivers. Am I supposed to be related to you, as well? Miranda wanted to surprise you, maybe this wasn't the best way to do it. Maybe she should've called first. You know what, the point is she's here. It's been a long night. I'm sure whoever's in this bag wouldn't mind you spending a little time with your niece. Did you say your name is Rivers? That's right. Caleb Rivers. Maybe you recognize it from the headstone in the cemetery, the one with the guy that looks just like me. I know every tombstone out there. There's no Caleb Rivers. Carla, please show my niece where she can rest. Come inside, dear. Make yourself useful. ( Thunder rumbling, crow squawking ) Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com Does he treat everyone like that, or does he just save it for his family? He has no family left. I'm his family. Maybe I'm just a crummy niece, but I'm family. Then you're all he has. How long have you worked here? Oh, a very long time. But there was a brief period where I worked at a college nearby. - You came back? - Mm-hmm. - Why? - Mr. Collins asked me to. By that time, I was ready. College girls can be very unstructured. ( Water running ) If you have any influence with my niece, I suggest you use it to get her to leave. It's better for everyone. Obviously better for you. Don't think this is about me, Mr. Rivers. I promise you, you'd be wrong. Miranda found her name, too. And her picture on a headstone, which made me double curious. Made me want to dig in there and really find out what's going on. I can be very annoying when I get like that. He just moved. Spinal cord, Mr. Rivers. It works even after the brain stops. Um, where did that lady take Miranda? Mrs. Grunwald probably took her upstairs. The house is through that door. ( Rumbling ) ( Door opens ) What? Did you hear that? Hear what? Uh... nothing. Nothing. Never mind. Um... Did you talk to my uncle? Yeah. You get all your charm from your father's side of the family. Hey, so what happened to you out there? You kind of choked when you met him. - I didn't choke. - Dude, you choked. Okay, what is this, my employee review? - How's the scenery? - Different. Why would she be cleaning a headstone? ( Scrubbing ) Mom, please, let me do it. Or let me tell someone. You shouldn't be doing this yourself. - Mom! - Hand me the other brush. Why are you letting her do this she won't let me tell anyone. Well, I already did. The cops need to know about this, mom. Because they've been so helpful to us. Mom, come on. They know what the people in this town think of me, and they think it themselves. What did you tell them? Nothing. They wouldn't talk. Mom! If you want to help, grab a brush. They're just gonna do it again. Then we'll clean it again. It's not gonna change anything. People will still say she did it. It doesn't matter what they say, Luke. - It isn't true. - The cops don't know that. Liv, all they know is that somebody killed dad, and there's no one else on the radar but mom. Fine. You win. You know what, I'm gonna live my life. And mom should, too, because hiding in her room is obviously not helping her cause. Hey, if you're leaving, I'm coming with you. Where'd they go? I don't know. What the hell is going on? Who are those kids? Who's the black widow? Come on. Let's take pictures of our tombstones. We'll show your uncle. He can't deny what he sees in a photograph. What is this? Carl Ridgley? Is this the right place? Yes, it is the right place. I counted all the rows and the stones last night. Are you saying we didn't see what we saw last night? Because I know what we saw. No, Miranda, we saw it, it's just not here now. So, somebody switched headstones? Who would do that? Why? The only person I told about this was your uncle. Hey, where are you going? You can only learn so much in a graveyard. I'm going into town. There has to be a newspaper or a library where I can look up obituaries. Are you okay if I go? If you're okay with me taking another run at Mr. charm. I came here for answers. I'm not leaving until I get something from him. ♪ They'll close Central Avenue for the parade at 6:00. It's, uh, the only time that officer hogan ever gets to write tickets, so, um, park at the school and then walk over. By the way, I need my physics book back by Monday. I'll see you tonight, then. Hey. So, are you guys actually "the source since 1862"? Not me personally, but the paper's been here that long. Well, um, I need to talk to somebody about an obituary. I'm sorry to hear that. No, not a new one. It's actually from a long time ago. Relative. - What's the name? - Caleb Rivers. That's your name or the relative's? - Both. - You know when he died? It'd have to be 100 years ago. Well, we have copies of all the editions since the civil war downstairs. You can take a look if you'd like. Are you finished with those classified ads? - Almost, dad. - Almost? Why don't I help the young man. So, can I go down and find the old papers and find my relative? I'm afraid I can't let you down in the morgue alone. - The morgue? - That's where we keep all the old editions. It's not like a library down there. I just can't have people browsing around. But if you want, I'll find out more about this relative of yours. I suggest you check the county records over at Driscoll. You come back with a specific date, I'll see what I can do. Thanks. I was looking for you. It's a big house. It's easy to get lost. Especially when the person you're looking for doesn't want to be found. This is what you do for a living? And my father, and his father. Did you do it for my parents when they died? No. I was unqualified then. You were too young to remember that. I was too young to remember all sorts of things, actually. You were at their funeral. I remember that. You were my only living relative, and you left me with strangers. Why did you do that? There was no way I could explain it to you then. You've had plenty of time since. You could've called me. You could've written a letter. - You could've sent a Christmas card... - I thought that was best. Well, you were wrong. I realized that when I saw you this morning... But the damage is done. You should go back to your foster family. I would go back if I could, and I can't. You know what, I was afraid of you this morning outside, and I was so afraid that I had forgotten how angry I am, but I'm better now, and we have a lot of catching up to do. I don't think that would do either one of us much good. Hey, I'm over here. Your actual live niece, remember? Now, I'm not going anywhere until you answer some questions about me, about my parents, about what happened to them. Mr. Collins, the Shuberts are here. Excuse me. Hey. Be patient with him. You brought questions, but you also brought memories. What do I have to do to get his attention, crawl in one of those boxes? It's too messy for voicemail, but I'm okay. I'm gonna head home as soon as Miranda settles in. I love you, Hannah. Call me. Two-fisted coffee drinker. That's serious. Uh, one's for my friend. Um, is this your relative? I haven't found the obituary, but does this help? He looks just like you. So, what time are we meeting tonight? - I'm not even sure I'm going. - Does Dillon know that? What, is Luke not going, either? I have no idea. Ask him yourself. Livy, are you not going tonight because of your dad? You know he'd want you there, and Luke, too. I know it won't be the same, but the police are gonna figure this out, and in the meantime you can't hide. I'm not my mom. I'm not hiding, Tess. Okay, you're half hiding, like your brother. - I'm not my brother. - In two months, Luke went from Mr. popular to lone-wolf-hermit boy. People are literally scared of him. He's more scared than they are. I get it, but how does that help? If you keep thinking there are monsters under your bed, you're never gonna get out of it. Might as well be dead. I can't believe I just said that. Please smack me. ♪ ( Rock ) What do you guys think? It's my parade car. It's okay. - Okay? - She's beautiful, Dillon. Well, ahh... why don't you try her on for size? - Go ahead. - In the middle of town? I... royalty must never be shy. Thank you. I feel silly. You look like what a homecoming queen's supposed to look like. You and me, makeovers at 6:00. Gonna make some magic. And you... practice driving nice and slow. I don't want my best friend getting bugs in her teeth. Anything you say. You know, I'm telling you some pretty weird stuff, and you're acting like I'm giving the weather report. Why is that? We have a different kind of ordinary in this town. What's that supposed to mean? When I was 11, I went to sleepaway camp. And one night, all of us kids were sitting around the campfire telling ghost stories. One kid talked about a haunted house in Ravenswood. And the next kid talked about a ghost in the Ravenswood movie theater. And then I finally said, "hey, I live in Ravenswood. That's my town," and they all got really quiet. That was the first time I realized that people look at this place differently. All that stuff doesn't just come out of nowhere. Something had to have happened. See the mark on the wall? That's the level the floodwaters reached in 1896. The reservoir burst, and a couple of billion gallons of water came through the middle of town like a freight train. They were pulling bodies out of trees for six months. People said this town would just go away, but it didn't. They rebuilt, and it's beautiful, and I love it here. - But- - But there's so much death. It's like the town's soaked in it. It's a part of who we are. Hey, Luke. Where's your sister? - Shut up, springer. - What happens if she loses tonight? Think she'll go after the judges with a knife? You know what they say. Like mother, like daughter. - Have a problem here? - No, we're good. Mm. I'm gonna remember you. It's like this town invented hospitality. Luke. Hey, I know it's hard, but you can get through this. I'm not the one with the problem. It's the rest of this town. You one of Remy's friends? Uh, yeah, friend of the family. Benjamin price. I'm one of her teachers. Caleb Rivers. Are you okay? I'm great. My father was murdered, but you know all about that, because according to your dad's newspaper my mom killed him. I'm sorry. I know what happened, but you haven't spoken to me in weeks, and I'm just asking how you are. Don't treat me like springer. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's not, 'cause I miss talking, you know? Why did you stop? Heard your mom's back home. Yeah, she got back from Afghanistan a couple days ago. That must feel good, having her home. It does. You okay? I came here to take care of you, not the other way around. - I'm sorry. - It's okay. - Sorry. - It'll be okay. It's okay. Remy, I thought you were coming back with coffee. I got a little busy. Come on. I'll walk you back. ( Gasps ) It was wet, not damp, okay? A puddle. Maybe there's a broken pipe or something. This is not about a broken pipe. Miranda, this house is old. I know, it's huge, it has its own weather, but this is not about bad plumbing, Caleb! There was somebody behind those curtains! - Maybe it was the wind. - This wind had hands. You know what, we don't have to do this, okay? There's a bus that leaves tonight. Wait. I haven't even heard from my dad. Seriously, even if he told you your family once owned this town, is that gonna make you want to stick around? - Not me. - Okay, but don't you at least want to know who switched out those graves? - If that was your uncle... - Don't call him my uncle. He's a stranger, and he clearly wants to stay that way. Okay, but why? Why is he lying to you? Why is he lying to me? He doesn't even know me. What is he hiding? - I want answers. - ( Knocking ) Mr. Collins would like you to join him for dinner. Uh, sorry, I've got a bus to catch. Sounds great. I'll wait here. If you'd like to wash up, there's a bathroom you can use down the hall. There's a tub. Oh, I'm more a shower kind of guy. We have a tub. It's deep. You won't be disappointed. I'll let your uncle know that you'll be staying. You'll be pleased. This has to be her idea, not his. It's just dinner. Let's play nice. Maybe we'll get some answers. Will you be there? The parade? Gotta study for a chemistry test. You have all day tomorrow. Assigned tonight. If that's for mom, don't bother. She's already asleep. It'd be nice if someone from the family could be there tonight. I can't believe you're even going. You saw what was on that headstone. You know what this town thinks of mom, of us. It's not the whole town, okay? Tess doesn't think... Tess is not your friend. What is that supposed to mean? She's not. She... she uses you to feel better about herself. Luke, I know who my friends are. Really? Which one of them is missing a can of red spray paint? ( Door slams ) ( Clock chimes ) Thanks. Thank you. So, this town sure likes to party. Big bash in the cemetery one night, parade on the next. Do you plan on attending that? Sure. Why not? I love a parade. Did you explore the town, too? Did she grow up in this house? - Who? - My mother. The bedroom that you put me in... was it hers? ( Utensil clatters ) It was. Why? It's just a little... Suffocating? For a teenager. I can see why she may have wanted to run away and get married. I think your mother had many reasons for running away. If I'd had her imagination, I might've joined her. This belonged to your mother. Last year, the French club tried to turn Don Rollen's car into a giant chocolate croissant. But it wasn't really well executed, and everyone thought it was a giant exploding diaper. Heh. Well, you had a few of those. Ha ha ha! Sorry, did I say that out loud? Oh, come on, I'm still eating here. I don't know about you, but mine is getting cold. - I'm gonna go reheat... - No, no, let me. I remember where the microwave is. I don't want to do this in front of your mother, but we need to talk about Luke. Wow, am I allowed to say his name now? What do you want me to do, treat him like a stranger? I told you to put some distance between you. You did that for me, dad. He can read. Look, Remy, he's made some bad choices. This isn't the same boy who used to sit in our den playing... Yes, it is. If he lied to the police, he did it to protect his mother. My job is to protect you. I don't want you seeing him anymore. Period. Do you have any idea what made him break down and give it to you? Um, maybe Grunwald convinced him? She wants to talk, I can tell, every time she looks at me. Really? Every time she looks at me, I feel like someone's taking a potato peeler to my skin. She knows more about my family than I do. Who's that? My mother, I think. Well, I'm gonna go take that bath now. You gonna be okay if I...? Yeah. Okay. ( Door closes ) My dearest Miranda, your father and I can't wait for you to be born, to see your face, your eyes, your smile; to find out what you like, what you love. ( Slams ) Ugh! ( Gasping ) ( Coughing ) We didn't get off on this street. Are you sure the bus station is down here? - Caleb? - What? Uh, yeah. I passed by this morning. I saw someone buying a ticket. Well, let's hope it wasn't the last one. So, uh, it wasn't just photos in the album. There was a letter from my mom. She wrote to me right before I was born. Yeah, I guess I was, um, kind of an unwelcome surprise, but by the time I was kicking, she really wanted to meet me. When did you read this? While you were taking the longest bath in the history of bathing. I wasn't bathing. Your uncle tried to drown me. - Wait, what? - Yeah, I closed my eyes, and next thing I knew I was being held underwater. You know, we... we haven't slept... Miranda, it wasn't dozing, okay? Your wind had hands? My shower curtain had shoulders. Why would he go after you? You tell me. Apparently switching those headstones wasn't enough to get us to leave. ( Phone ringing ) Oh, hey, it's my dad. Um, I'm gonna take this. Okay, you just stay here. I'll get the tickets. Hey. Mom, are you having nightmares again? I hate disturbing your dad. I wake up and he wakes up... Neither one of us falls back asleep. It's just better if I'm down here. If you want, I could stay down here with you. So I can disturb you? No, so if you wake up and you need to talk, I'm here. You always used to do that for me. Did dad tell you that we found a huge office space just... I'm not looking to run a clinic. Why not? I mean, we could use another one. Nobody wants to go to Dr. Frankle anymore. He's so old! - He's not that old. - Mom, when he coughs, there's dust. It's like when you beat a rug. Well, I'm not ready to treat the whole town. Sure you are. We need you. ( Sighs ) You're gonna be late. Mom, what can I do? I wanna help. Honey, I don't need help. I just need some time to figure it out, okay? Everyone else in my unit is gone. I don't Eve know why I'm here. It doesn't make any sense that I'm the only one that survived the attack. If you see Luke tonight... Tell him I said hello. I was sorry to hear about his father. I made up the room across the hall from your niece. I'm guessing you'll want to be close to her. I don't expect them to be coming back here. It's not too late to fix this. ( Gasps ) ( Gasps ) You okay? What just happened? I... I thought I saw her again in the window... that woman from my room. What? What is it? Is that the girl that you spoke to this morning? Yeah, and our answer's in that basement. I wonder if she'd give us a little tour now that daddy's not around. Well, what about the bus? We have time. Come on. ( Band playing, bystanders cheering ) - ( Door rattles ) - Hello? Dad? ( Gasps ) What the hell? You scared me to death! Sorry, that wasn't the plan. Miranda, this is Remy. It's kind of late to be working, isn't it? It's kind of illegal for you to be here, isn't it? Look, I'm not the only one who saw my face on a grave last night. There's also Miranda Collins buried in that cemetery. And she looks just like me. So they're related to you... distant aunts, uncles. It makes sense. We get it, but... what doesn't make sense is that somebody doesn't want us to know about it. Last night we saw their graves, and then when we went back today, somebody had changed them out. Let's find out why. Olivia, wait! Did you see who did it? No. Please don't say "I told you so." Let's go home. They died on the same day. They were a couple. It was a boating accident. - There were five of them. - How old were they? All the drowning victims were classmates. They were seniors. Can you flip back to the week before? ( Murmuring ) What? What is it? ♪ - Remy. - Hey, guys? I don't think we're alone down here. Let's get out of here. Mr. price asked me to stay after class last week. He's "concerned" about me. He told me the two hardest things in life are knowing what you want and being able to say it out loud. Well, it's none of his business. I finally figured out what I want. I want to leave this town and disappear from everything. You know, you never told me this. Mom locked in a room and you lashing out at everyone who looks at you the wrong way? It's been easier to pretend that I was okay. Well, you know, you can always tell me stuff. I mean, I don't want you feeling like you're alone in this. But I have been alone. Since dad died, you haven't just pushed other people away. You've cut me out, too. Look, I get why you're sad, but why are you so damn mad? Same goes for you, Luke. You don't have to go through this alone. I think mom did it. I think she killed dad. The reason why I was at the paper tonight was because of something my mom said. She just got back from Afghanistan, and she doesn't understand why she's here. Her entire troop was killed in an ambush, and she was the sole survivor. Sounds like your mom's a lucky woman. That's what it looks like. It must be really hard for her. I'm sorry. I'm not telling you this story because I want you to be sorry for me. I'm telling you this story because I think you both might be a part of it. What... I'm not connecting the dots. Your relatives both died just after a Ravenswood soldier came home. Last year, I wrote a history paper on another Ravenswood vet who miraculously survived an ambush, and when he came home he said exactly what my mom said. "I don't know why I'm still here. I shouldn't be alive." Tonight I found out that a few days later, five Ravenswood teens were killed in a car accident. They were hit by a tree. So, the idea is these kids died because those soldiers got lucky like your mom? I'm not saying it's because. I'm just saying it happened. - Twice. - Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, three times is enemy action. - That's profound. - It's Goldfinger. - Bond? - Heh. Hey, how much further to that diner? I have an uneasy feeling in my stomach. I need some greasy fries to settle it. It's just over the river. So, I guess we're not making that bus? No, we'll catch the next one. Guys, that's my boyfriend and his sister. ( Sighs ) Let's keep this to ourselves. I don't even know what "this" is. Want a lift? Gonna pour any second. What are you doing with him? I really don't want to walk home in the rain. Fine. How was the parade? Uh, Remy, you mind turning up the song? Sure. ♪ Oh, if I could go back in time ♪ ♪ when you only had me in my mind just to love me ♪ ♪ the one without a trace ♪ ♪ oh, I wish I'd never ♪ ♪ ever seen your face ♪ I wish you were the one ♪ wish you were the one that got away ♪ ♪ oh, if I could go back in time ♪ ♪ when you only had me in my mind just to love me ♪ ♪ the one without a trace ♪ ♪ - Look out! - ( Screaming ) - Help! - Let's get out! Help! ( Muffled screaming ) ( Radio continues, muffled ) ♪ Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 