Ravenswood: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ravenswood 
 s1e6 - Revival - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ravenswood (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 6 - Revival - full transcript 
 Remy's sleep walking gives the gang some interesting views into the pact. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Caleb Rivers. I'm still new to Ravenswood, but here's what I know so far. In 1917, the Ravenswood town elders signed a secret pact. Since then, no soldier from Ravenswood has ever died in active combat. Everyone else in my unit is gone. The price for this ongoing miracle? Five teens must die. Five per war. At least that's how it worked 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 until Miranda and I came to Ravenswood. Look out! (screams) The good news? Four of us survived. The bad? Miranda didn't make it. Now she's stuck here, a ghost, and has no way to move on. The only ones who can see her are still targets of the curse... Remy, Luke, his sister Olivia, and me. Something or someone is determined to make our lives a living hell and will not stop until we are all dead. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The first to be targeted were our ancestors. The original Caleb and original Miranda were killed in a boating accident. With three of their friends. Leave here while you still can. Miranda found out what was keeping her trapped at the Collins' mansion: one jar, one lock of hair for every victim of the curse. He doesn't want to come near me when I'm alive but thinks he can keep some of me when I'm dead? Miranda was the first to ever break free. Where is she now? What did you do with her? But getting out was just the beginning. Is this heaven? Max likes to play hide and seek. We don't know how she got here, but we're taking care of her. Miranda thinks she's safe, but she isn't. She's waiting for you... in hell. For me, trying to save Miranda was nearly the end. The end, as in dead. Caleb? I can feel you. It feels right being here with you. It's not right here. We have a heartbeat. You've been sleepwalking since the accident and you didn't think you should tell me this? Now he's blowing Don off for killing Remy. I'm not blowing him off. I'm protecting him. We still don't know who or what we're up against. You want to play? After all we did, how did this happen? But there might be someone who can help. Don't think about him. Guys, there's stuff in here about the curse. Someone from the town's past. Their names were Thomas and Esther. They thought if they sacrificed themselves they could bring Caleb and Miranda back. And that Caleb and Miranda could reverse the curse. (radio music) Do you hear that? Hear what? Listen. Come on. (organ music) What? That's my father's automobile. Henry has got ours. Isn't that your family's horse? You'll find the words on page 36. This isn't right. Sit down, Esther. You shouldn't even be here. This is man's business. It's about the children. Mother. And that makes it woman's business. A mother's heart is a tender thing. These good men are trying to spare every mother in this town. War is a beast, yes. It consumes the young. I offer a shield for the children of the righteous. Trading lives? Making pacts? That's not God's way. Oh? You speak for God? I speak for the children. It's your vow but they'll be the ones to pay. The men decide what's best for the women and the children. That's the way it's in the Bible. Right, Reverend? From Genesis to Revelation. Thomas Rivers, you know this is wrong. Esther, you know what's happening over there. It's a slaughter. Now the boys in this town are heading right into it. Ravenswood has suffered enough. We need to sign this pact. For the good of us all. We've all had so much war, sister. As I was saying, you'll find the words on page 36...  Foolish men trying to save the children from the war that other men started. Had I know Caleb and Miranda were there, I would have gathered them up and left town. I will set this right... somehow. Is she talking about the night the pact was made? I think so. So you were there? The other you? That other guy is just my ancestor. And Esther was the mother of the original Miranda, and the man we found and eloped with her was original Caleb's father, Thomas Rivers. But they were on opposite sides of the pact. How did they end up down there together? Let me see Esther's journal. That's as far as we got while you were in Ravenswood. This preacher must have offered the town elders some sort of deal. Maybe they knew what it was, maybe they didn't, but it ended up protecting the soldiers of the town. Like it did my mom. All it cost was five innocent lives. Five per war. Not quite. Four of you are still alive. We're going to keep it that way. There's something else. What? I'm back on a short leash. What do you mean? I can't leave the grounds. After you left I was back here. We think it has to do with those jars. Someone was digging around Miranda's gravestone...  maybe Collins dug her up, put another lock of her hair in one of those jars. If you leave town for three days you're going to miss some stuff. So Collins knows what happened. That Miranda was able to leave. Guess you're stuck with me. We're going to find out who this preacher was...  what he had to gain from this curse and how he had the power to enforce it. Maybe we can reverse engineer the pact, break it, and the curse. Does she mention a name at all? It's right there. Don't know if I'm saying this right...  Gabriel Abaddon. Think you said it right. Is there anything left? Sync by wilson0804 / Corrections by chamallow www.addic7ed.com Ashes and soot. Wait, I've found something. Esther said the men had prayer books. She mentioned page 36. It looks like a verse from a hymnal or a Bible. Must have been important enough for her to save. We need to find out everything we can about Gabe...  - Whoa, whoa! - Not again. Whoa, whoa. Okay, fine. We need to find out everything we can about the preacher. Well, if he was local, then there might be something in the Gazette. Wait a sec. What is this? It's a cameo. Wait. It's a locket. I don't know what's creeping me out more...  the baby in the locket or the thought of Collins digging up Miranda's grave. Mom? Is that you? Your mother is not here right now. Shopping for groceries. Mr. Collins? What are you doing here? I brought this for your mother. She always liked orchids. And you thought you'd just break in and show it to her? I was going to leave them on the porch but I wasn't sure about the weather, so I used the key. You have keys? I called your mother. She told me where she keeps the spare. I was uneasy about using it, but she insisted. If there is anything I can do for the two of you...  please let me know. I think we're good. Your father... is a very good man. So when are you going to talk to me? Talk about what? What happened to us when you fell on your head. What happened back in Rosewood. I broke up with Hanna. Because of you. I promised her that I would look out for you. I don't think I did a very good job of that, do you? You told her I was dead? I couldn't. I couldn't tell her everything. She'd be here in a split second, and I can't have what happened to you happen to her. If she's finished with me, then I can't do her any harm. So if she doesn't know that I'm dead, you do realize what she must be thinking about me, I mean, right? I guess I do. You guess? Caleb, she thinks I stole you from her. I don't think you need to be worrying about your reputation right now. Hey! Now...  ... we wait. Rem. Don't take this the wrong way, but you look exhausted. Just what every girl wants to hear from her boyfriend. So I'm still your boyfriend? As long as you understand it's not a part-time job. Understood. Okay. Rem, you have to get some rest, okay? We can't have you sleepwalking again. I will. But first I need to find out what's so important about this cameo. Esther must have put it in that suitcase for a reason. Besides, sounds like Olivia needs you more than I do right now. Fine. But the second that you get drowsy...  You'll be my first call. Okay. They were friends before she married my dad. Collins and your mum? Now he's there. In my kitchen. It's a little creepy. You know, he's an undertaker. Do you think Collins might hurt your mum? I don't know. I can't just sit around waiting for something bad to happen. I'll talk to you later. What happened to our date? Rain check? My parents are going away. Maybe tomorrow night you can come over, we can...  Watch movie, bake cookies? I suppose we could do that too. Let me think about it. I'll talk to you later. Be careful. Always am. How long was I out, Vicky? You were dead to the world. I didn't have the heart to wake you. - Is that for me? - Mmm-hmm. Industrial strength, just the way you like it. Keep 'em coming. What's that song? What song? The one you were just humming. Was that new? No, it's very old. Got a problem? Anyone home? Hello...  Sorry. That's okay. Come to visit the shut-in? I could use some new companionship. Where's Caleb? He's out. Pull up a chair. Are you asking me to put you back on the sleep aids? I don't know. It's not the sleeping, it's the dreaming. Well, what about the dreaming? I fall asleep and somebody grabs the dream remote and switches to the nightmare channel. I see things. I don't know what. - You describe it. - Let me try. Things are normal, and then they're not. They feel like there's something else going on. I feel like somebody's trying to show me something. Somebody is. You write and produce your dreams. If you remember that, you can get more control. Control my dreams? What you do in them, how you react. It works, Remy. Look, when I got back from Afghanistan, sleep was a tricky place. But they taught me some techniques that worked, and one of them is called lucid dreaming. Sounds like sleeping with your eyes open. It's more like sleeping with your mind open. You decide what happens. No fear, no sense of powerlessness. What do I have to do? So where do you sleep? Not there. I don't really sleep. How is Caleb? He broke up with his girlfriend in Ravenswood. Why? He doesn't want her involved with this town or any of us. Wants to keep her safe. I feel the same way about Dillon, specially when he starts asking questions. Have you guys been together a long time? Since 9th grade. Did you two ever...  Never mind. What? Where are you guys on the relationship spectrum? Are you asking if we've had sex? I would never just come out and ask that. But have you? Why do you want to know? It's just something I've been thinking about a lot lately, in light of my current situation. Miranda, were you a virgin? Was, am, and I guess will always remain. I got close a couple of times that, that I had more time. We haven't. Me and Dillon. Do you love him? Yeah. I do. I don't get it. If this preacher's everything Esther made him out to me, how come I can't find anything written about him? Don't worry. We'll find something. So you and Miranda, you were together in this other dimension? You're still having a right down with all this, aren't you? I'm working on it. I don't have a choice. So in this place, where you weren't exactly dead, and you weren't exactly alive...  I made contact. Physical contact? Yeah. How physical? I touched her on the forehead. It's not like we kissed, okay? - Didn't mean anything. - It did. If you had to point out that you didn't kiss, it meant something. Mr. Collins was right there in our kitchen with an orchid for my mother. Was this his plan? Get rid of my dad so he could move in on my mom. You know, everybody's been working on what we got from Esther's suitcase, but there still are the jars. You're being pulled back here. He must have put yours back together. If we can find them, if I can put them in front of my mother, she'd have to listen. He won't be able to explain his way out of it. I... I can't find them. They've got to be in here someplace. Your uncle knows where. There might be somebody else who knows. Grunwald? Let me take a run at her. I mean, one minute I'm sneaking up on Grunwald doing my poltergeist thing next minute I'm getting seared like a piece of ahi tuna. What was it? I don't know. Do you think it was one of the ghosts, one of the souls held by those jars? I think Grunwald did it. It stopped when she came back in. Maybe she has something to protect her from people like you ghosts, a familiar. Hey. Now exhale... and let go of the day. Nothing else matters. Only you and a good night's sleep. One, I'm dreaming. Two, I'm dreaming. Three, I'm dreaming. I'm glad you're here. Me too, baby. And I'm not going anywhere, so you can relax. Four, I'm dreaming. Five, I'm dreaming. Hello, Mrs. Grunwald. Hello, Olivia. How are you? I'm all right. And how's your mother doing? You should ask Mr. Collins about my mother. Why would he know something about your mother that you wouldn't? 'Cause he's suddenly showing up at our house to spend time with her. They knew each other for a very long time. They're just catching up. Excuse me. I wanted to ask you about Miranda Collins. It was very kind of you to come to her service. Funny, I feel like I'm getting to know her better since she died. Like she's still here. Isn't that strange? Not that strange. Maybe she is still here. Something's stopping her from moving on. And what possibly could do that? Could be something big, could be something small, something so small it would fit in a jar about that size. To capture a soul in something that small, it would have to be very powerful. We found them once. We'll find them again. Be careful, my dear. You think you have the answers, but you don't even know what the questions are. So, where were we? We were talking about how I made sure that Hanna hates you, and thinks I'm a jerk. What about the other thing? The thing where I was unconscious? You were way more than unconscious, pal. Yeah. Guess you're right. I have something really terrible to tell you. What? When we're together, I am...  I almost asked you to stay with me. I understand. It's lonely there. I didn't want you to stay just for the company. What kept you from asking? Mostly because I wasn't sure that you and I, you know...  Remy. It's okay, it's all right, Remy. You can close your eyes, it's just a dream. Just a dream. Why didn't you tell me you're having these dreams? Because of that look on your face right now. Well, you should have told me. I could have done something. I'm telling you now because I think there's something you can do. Listen, in this last dream I know I was seeing a real place. I know that scarecrow wasn't a part of it. It was something that was trying to stop me from dreaming. By scaring you in your dream and waking you up? Right, but when it couldn't stop me in my dream, it had to stop me from dreaming. By showing up in your room? This is more than just a dream, Luke. It feels like a journey. Do you think you're going to start sleepwalking again? I know I'm going to sleepwalk, and this time I want to. But I need you to be there while I'm sleeping to make sure that nothing wakes me till I want to wake up. Whatever happens, I need you to promise me that you won't wake me up. I can't promise that, Remy. What if you're in danger? I trust you to protect me. But I need you to promise. All right. All right. I don't think your parents are going to like the idea of me sitting up all night in your room. We'll have to figure out a safe place to sleep. I haven't had this many people try and watch me sleep since I was in the Princess and the Pea in kindergarten. Do you think you're going to be able to sleep here? It's a little early. My mom is not letting all of you in my bedroom. (phone ringing) It's Dillon. I'd better talk to him. Hello? DILLON: Hey, tell me where you are. - I'll pick you up. - I can't tonight, Dillon. - I've really got to study. - Well, I'll help you. I don't think that's a good idea. Listen, I don't want you by yourself if that freak Collins is coming to your house. You're going to be with me tonight. That's that. He wants to see me. Well, he can't come here. I'd better meet him. Are you sure? I don't want to mix him up in all this. I'll be safe with him. You win. Okay. I'll see you in ten minutes. I'll feel a lot better when I see you. Bye. Satisfied? I'm not the one you have to worry about pleasing. I'll work it out. I'm sure you will, otherwise it's the grinder for both of us. Can we stop for ice cream? Remy, hey, get up, get up. Here we go. Let Caleb get the door. What is that for? Self-confidence. Look out, Caleb, be careful. I told my brother I'd be safe with you. You are safe with me. What? I'm just looking at you. It's a pretty serious look. I want to remember what you look like tonight. What's so special about tonight? (harpsichord music) That's right. I'm getting better at this. Child. I know you're upset. I can feel your anger. You're going to feel a whole lot more than anger if anything happens to Caleb and my friends. I know you must feel like a prisoner. But you must understand this is the only way. (gasping) Stop it, now! Do you have any idea where she's going? Your guess is as good as mine. Now what? Let's check it out. Hold on, hold on. The words from the prayer book. Page 36? WOMAN: Thomas Rivers, you know this is wrong. THOMAS: Ravenswood has suffered enough. PREACHER: As I was saying, you'll find the words on page 36. What do you think she sees? I have no idea. I want to look in there. Did you hear that? Hear what? - We're getting her out of here. - No, not yet. - You promised you wouldn't wake her. - It's not safe! We are not going to get another chance. You think it's gone? I'm so over this. You're doing the right thing, son. It's done. What is it? What did you see? What did you see? Remy, what happened in there? They saw it. They saw the pact being made. What? Who, who? Caleb and Miranda, the original Caleb and Miranda. What about the preacher? He's gone, but there's something else. I think he was working with somebody. I think it was something to do with the Collins family. I know. I love you too. (pop music playing on radio) Sync by wilson0804 / Corrections by chamallow www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 