Fraggle Rock: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fraggle Rock 
 s1e6 - The Preachification of Convincing John - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fraggle Rock (1983–1987): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Preachification of Convincing John - full transcript 
 Mokey decides that eating Doozer constructions hurts their feelings, so she gets Convincing John to help her get the Fraggles to stop. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Breakfast time, Sprocket. The most important meal of the day. I'll tell you what, Sprockey. I'll open a can of food for you. Go find your dish. TD I must build myself a coffee grinder or something. All right. Of course I'll feed you. Just let me make a note of the coffee grinder in my diary. Did I tell you I started keeping a diary? Have you ever kept one? I suppose you wouldn't being a dog. still it's too bad. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They're a good fun. You write in the diary your very childhood thoughts and feelings. Your most personal, special secrets. Wanna hear some of these? Okay, here it goes. Here's a very special, private, secret thought. Wouldn't it be fun to figure out a way to sew a button on a fried egg? It's a really interesting problem. Where is that needle and thread? I hope we have enough eggs. Everyone should keep a diary. Dear diary: today I must tell you about a terrible time I've just had. It started a few days ago when I spent some time watching the Doozers. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Most Fraggles don't care about Doozers. They just want to eat the Doozers buildings. Hey, Boober, I'll race you to the pool. Okay. You win. The Doozers are really kind of interesting. If you watch them long enough. TD learn to understand them. Sometimes I'm alone sitting on my very own trying to find a simple kind of clue. And I would like to know why the Doozers move me so doing all the things that Doozers do Why the caterpillars crawl? Why is there a sky? Why is there a world at all? Why do I ask "why"? Ready. Dump. Here I go again. Why do questions never end? What keeps calling all day long to me? Secrets come and go I know we're not the only ones Sometimes magic, sometimes only me. Why the caterpillars crawl? Why is there a sky? Why is there a world at all? Why do I ask "why"? The way those litte fellows build is just amazing. They're coming back. Gee, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to eat your tower. It was very good. Fraggles have always eaten Doozer constructions. And the Doozers work so hard to build them. TD that be right? Hey Mockey, you should have seen the belly flop Red did off the high rock TD pool. It was not a belly flop, it was a graceful half gainer. Wembley, do you think it's right to eat Doozer constructions? Huh? I was just wondering. Doozers are hard-working creatures and they must love the things they build. They build so many of them. We Fraggles just come along and eat them. as if Doozer constructions were worthless. No, as if they were delicious. Which they are. The more I think about it the more I know I'm right: Fraggles should stop eating Doozer constructions. What has happened to Mockey? The plug came out and her brain drained away. Mockey, you are silly. There is no way you could make us stop eating Doozer constructions. I could always call for the solemn oath of the Fraggle. No! You wouldn't! But that would mean we would have to... stop eating Doozer constructions. I have to go. Hold it! Let the oath be sworn. The oath of the Fraggle is one of our ancient and unchangeable rituals. It binds us together in the great fragglehood of the rock. Once one of us calls for the oath the others have to swear to it. Let's get it over with. Shall we begin? We, Gobo Mockey Boober Wenbley and Red Fraggle do solemnly swear never to willfully eat or destroy Doozer buildings again. Wonderful! And so the oath was sworn. Our TD was cast. The Fraggle TD to meet our destiny! I just love diaries. And so we, Fraggles begun anew. Living our lives without destroying Doozer buildings. Of course, I had to be ever watchful. The others were not as devoted as I. Mockey, you don't have to follow us. Wembley and I are just going up to the first room to get my uncle Traveling Matt's mail.  TD Gobo always do that. I just came along to exercise. You just came along because you know the Doozers built a big construction up here yesterday. It's not fair. Look at these constructions. They look delicious. Don't be silly. You both had really good TD oranges for breakfast, you don't need to eat Doozer buildings, Let me just never TD It's been three days and all I had to eat is food. You swore the oath. You called for the oath. You could release us from it. No! Go on. Go get uncle Matt's postcard. How to sew a button to a fried egg. That's just the sort of TD that tickles my fantasy, Sprocket. I can't get it out of my mind. Now. If can just calculate the surface tension of the egg X times the square of Y where Y stands for the oak tension over the sum of the quotient density of the white plus... less the temperature of the butter which is... Don't be absurd, Sprocket. You can't sew a button on a fried egg with a can opener. Oh, hi, Steve. I'm trying to sew a button on a fried egg. What do you mean "why"? I haven't even figured out how yet. Well, maybe to fasten it to the toast so it won't slide off. That's why. Silly questions. It's another postcard from my uncle Travelling Matt. Read it. Maybe it'll take my mind off how hungry I am. Dear nephew Gobo. This morning I was walking down a street in this strange world, I turned a corner and there I saw something familiar. Doozers! They have Doozers in this world. The biggest giant Doozers imaginable. They were building a wonderful Doozer construction. Just looking at it I grew so hungry I could hardly stand it. I waited until I was alone and then I prepared myself for a feast. But then I learnt something else about this world. The food is terrible! Love, your uncle Travelling Matt. I think that's just awful. Even your uncle is trying to destroy Doozer works. We're gonna have to get him to swear the... What are you two doing? Sorry, I forgot. I forgot with him. You're just terrible. Why don't you give this up? I will not. I won't give it up until all Fraggles stop eating Doozer buildings forever. Water will turn to sone before that happens. It will not. Even if I have to get the help of Convincing John. Convincing John! Yes. Convincing John can convince anyone to do anything. She wouldn't really get Convincing John, would she? Nobody would do a thing like that. I think. I knew it was a big step. It is said that Convincing John can convince the stones to change color. But I knew my cause was just. So I took Red with me and went to find him. Mockey, Convincing John is the type of Fraggle nobody goes to see. What a nice man he is. You can sort of see why they call him Convincing John. He convinced you to wear plastic cups on your hands. He made me see what a sensible idea it was... Besides, how would you know? You're wearing a blindfold. Of course. Convincing John told me it was the only— only way to live. - Are you all right? - Sure. Anyway, the important thing is that he's going to come and talk to all the Fraggles. Soon Doozer buildings will be safe forever. On word! - Are you sure you're all right? - Sure. So the very next day we called a town meeting. Hey, Mockey! Yes, yes. Let's get this thing started. Isn't it exciting? Mr. John! Are you ready? He'll be ready, just get started. Oh, yes. Red, go introduce me. Then I'll have to do it myself. My fellow Fraggles, today I bring to you a Fraggle with a message for the world. A message that I believe, in all modesty, is a great one. Please, join me in a warm TD applause for... in a warm cheer for Convincing John. Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone He's gonna tell it spell it, sell it, just for you Now listen to me, Fraggles, give your Fraggle mouths a-waggle you can chew a Doozer tower till you're blue but there's a mighty day a coming when the food will hit your tummy and you'll know that what I'm telling you is true so if you want to get ahold of something extra good as gold you gotta stop and give a thought to what you do never eat another tower till I tell you what it's doing to you Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone Well you eat a Doozer tower and it's as pretty as a flower and a flower's what you pick up in a field but the field can have a hole and you can fall in while you stroll and a Gorg can come along to find a meal and he can pack you in a sack and you can try to scramble back but then you'll never, ever, ever get free 'cause every time you eat a tower you'll be shut up for eternity Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone He's gonna tell it, spell it, sell it just for you And if you wanna hear a story that is horrible and gory let me tell you about a Fraggle I knew he was sitting on a byway eating up a Doozer highway in a way a hungry Fraggle will do And he started in a-changing and he started rearranging and I pomise you this story is true by the time he was done he was a human being through and through. Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone He's gonna tell it, spell it, sell it (but don't eat it) just for you And so Convincing John worked his magic and a solemn Fraggle oath was sworn. We, all the Fraggles in the world, do solemnly swear never to eat Doozer constructions again. And so at last the little Doozers were left alone to build their wonderful buildings without interference. Couldn't we interfere just a little bit? I wished we could, they just built my guitar into an overpass. If you think that's bad, my washtub is full of Doozer constructions. Laundry as we know it is a thing of the past. It's the Fraggle horn. Someone's calling a meeting. I wonder what it could be about. Maybe they want to thank me. I have called this meeting because of Miss Mockey Fraggle. Oh, thank you. Thank you, shmank you. You've made a mess of things here today. Admit it and release us from the solemn oath. Never! You are all just heartless. You don't understand. I'm the only one that truely cares about the happiness of the Doozers. Doozers shmuzers! What about Fraggles! Fraggles schmaggles! If you don't appreciate me I'll just go find someone who does. Well, dear Diary, I was so angry! I had worked hard to do the right thing and nobody appreciated me. So I went to find the Doozers. I knew they would appreciate what I had done and then I found some Doozers. I don't wanna leave. None of us do, dear. But Doozers have to build and soon there'll be no more space left in Fraggle Rock. But why mommy Doozer? No one knows. The Fraggles have become heartless. If they will not eat the constructions be must move on or we will die. For the first time I understood. Time to go. Say good-bye to Fraggle Rock. It was really hard doing what I had to do next. Mockey Fraggle has something to say to all of us. I thought I understood Doozers but I didn't and I was wrong. I'm sorry. That's very nice, Mockey, but there is one other thing. Oh, yes. You are all released from your solemn vow not to eat Doozer buildings. Now listen to me, Fraggles, give your Fraggle mouths a-waggle you can starve yourself until you turn blue ?? but there's a mighty day a coming when your tummy will be humming and you'll know that what I'm telling you is true so if you want to get ahold of something extra good as gold you gotta stop and give a thought to what you do you got to eat a Doozer tower 'cause the tower really wants you to Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone Wait, they are eating! Listen to Convincing John and all your troubles will be gone he's gonna tell it, spell it, sell it (they're yummy) just for you. Well, dear Diary, it's not easy to understand other people's problems but it's very easy to think you do. I also learnt something else today: There is such a thing as eating too many Doozer constructions. Your friend, Mockey. You'll ruin your teeth, Sprocket. You should use a can opener. I know I haven't given you your breakfast yet but I'll be right with you. Just let me write down the method for sewing a button on a fried egg. It's easy, Diary. You just freeze the egg solid, drill a couple of holes and sew on the button. Isn't that a great solution? Oh, yeah, breakfast. It'll TD in a few minutes. And don't eat the button. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 