The Loudest Voice: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Loudest Voice 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Loudest Voice (2019): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight we close one chapter in history and we begin another. We're gonna do it. I understand the responsibility of carrying the mantle, and I will never, ever let you down. Come on. It's unbelievable. - Can you believe this shit? - What? What's happening? Manafort has him on teleprompter. Proud of your party. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Donald's not a politician. He's a reality TV star. People like to hear him say crazy shit about Muslims and Mexicans. That's his charm. That I'm beating Hillary Clinton... You know, it's two weeks from the convention. It's time to amp shit up, not tone it down. Mistakes that she's made, and she has made tremendous mistakes. What's that? Eh. Yeah, yeah. Oh, Roger, no. Well, don't put it there if I can't eat it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You can eat it after the sandwich. - I don't want to eat - the fucking sandwich. - Nobody starts with dess... What's that? That's not even bread. That happens, and then that happens. - It's healthy. - Well, it looks like shit to me. Irena. "Severe and pervasive sexual harassment." What does that even mean? "Ailes injected sexual and/or sexist comments and innuendo into their conversations by, among other things, ogling Carlson in his office and asking her to turn around so he could view her posterior." Is that it? "When Carlson met with Ailes to discuss the discriminatory treatment to which she was being subjected, Ailes stated, 'I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago, and then you'd be good and better, and I'd be good and better.'" Fucking lies. Uh, "In his conversations with Carlson, Ailes lamented that marriage was boring, hard and not much fun." I have never said that. I've never said that. Gretchen suing you in New Jersey instead of New York is never gonna fly. I'll file a change of venue back to Manhattan. That'll force the case into arbitration. - So it'll be dismissed? - Yes. And then I'll sue her ambulance-chasing lawyer for filing an illegal lawsuit. And by the time this is over, Roger, Gretchen will be paying you. Ha! Finally. Rupert. Roger. It's a hell of a morning. Gretchen Carlson is a disgruntled former employee who is bitter because Fox did not renew her contract. It's a two-day story, tops. But we have to get out forcefully and immediately, so people don't think there's any daylight between us. Okay, I'll have comms put out a statement: We stand behind you, et cetera, et cetera. Julie'll run it over to you, okay? Great. Thank you, Rupert. We can't do that. - Who's that? - Lachlan. This is a personal matter, Roger. Gretchen sued you, not Fox News. I am Fox News. Easy, Roger. We can't be issuing glowing press releases until we know our exposure. This is a $60 billion dollar public company. We have shareholders, SEC compliance. The board will want to weigh in. What are you trying to say? If you want to defend yourself, the statement comes from you, not corporate. And legal suggests we bring in outside counsel to investi... You hire lawyers, and you make me look guilty. Rupert, are you just gonna sit there while your son tries to railroad me with his half-assed Ivy League bullshit semantics? I'm protecting the company. You can't even protect yourself, sonny. Enough! Lachlan, no lawyers. You start looking under rocks, you never know what you're gonna find. - Exactly. - Roger... you put out a statement. Uh, just know you have my full support. Hopefully this will blow over soon, as you said, and we'll reconvene once we're back at the office. Okay? Fuck Lachlan. And fuck Gretchen. I mean, you made her. Kept her on the air for years past her prime, and this is how she thinks she's gonna get what she wants? I mean, it's... No, it's-it's sad, really, it's... I'm sorry to drag you out here so late at night. I-I thought we should talk in light of the new information. Okay. My phone has been ringing off the hook. Women have been calling from all over the country. Going back decades. - What are they saying? - Ailes... sexually harassed some of them, sexually assaulted others. Since the beginning of his career. Since the beginning. A few of them want to go on record. I sent them to Gabe Sherman at New York magazine. Will that help us? In the court of public opinion. Which more and more is the court companies seem to care about. Good. You want to hear them? I saw Gretchen Carlson's lawsuit in the newspaper. I'm calling because it happened to me, too. I met Roger Ailes in the winter of 1967 at The Mike Douglas Show. I was 16. My modeling agency sent me in for an audition. Roger took me into his office and... locked the door. Then he... he assaulted me. I've never told anyone. Not even my husband. Roger Ailes destroyed everything I worked for. My marriage collapsed. I tried suicide. It's like he's always there, haunting me. I had no power, no voice. So I'm grateful Gretchen Carlson is using hers. No comment. - This is my house. - Miss America... - Good morning. - Morning. There he is. How are you all? Good. So, one question: we all read it? These women in Sherman's article... no one will believe them. Sherman is obsessed with you. He can't let it go. The kid's a fucking punk. It's unbelievable. Yeah, well, we haven't got time to dick around with him. We'll get back to Sherman later on. We win this situation by bringing a bazooka to a knife fight. Irena... get me recent photographs of these accusers and get them out there, all right? They're a bunch of whining grandmas. When people see what they actually look like, they won't give a shit. You know? Get me, uh, driver's license photos, passport photos, the crappier the better. Now, Bo... we're gonna need a little bit of your magic. Yes, sir. Like you did on the Mackris case for O'Reilly. I want deep, deep background on Gretchen. I want to have a look at credit card debt. I want to have a look at drug use. Guys she used to fuck, girls she used to fuck... I mean, she always looked like a dyke to me. And, Bill, let's get some Fox women out there in the press defending me. Especially Megyn. - Megyn hates Gretchen. - She does. All right. Let's get to work. Thank you all very much. I hope it's not too punishing, the drive back in. No, it'll be fine. Have a good day. All right, so we're looking... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait till you know they've left and then bring me the wheelchair, please. Of course. Thank you for joining us, Mercedes. You are, uh, a legal analyst - at Fox News. - I am. What is your view on these allegations that Gretchen Carlson is making? Oh, I mean, th-they're completely false. I've seen Gretchen dozens of times, hundreds of times over the years. Never an issue whatsoever. There is absolutely no indication whatsoever that she is being subjected to any of the allegations that she's set forth... Why do you think she's doing it, then? Well, frankly? Because we're do... we're here because her contract wasn't renewed. - Fuck you. - It wasn't anything to do with any reality. If her... Now, it's important to keep your normal schedule for your first day back. Do you think it's a coincidence that Gretchen sues me two weeks from the Republican convention? No. The Clintons are behind this. Oh, good Lord. Probably footing her legal bill as well. They know... that Hillary, she cannot beat Trump unless they destroy me. It is wicked. Wicked. They're all in on it. - Obama. - Ugh. Soros, Brian Lewis, - Joe. - Joe. Little fucking Joe Lindsley. Lachlan. Rupert. James. These people hate America. They are my enemies. I still do not understand why I have not heard back from Megyn. Respectfully, do our viewers give a shit about Brexit? It does seem... right? It seems like a little bit more - of a-a European issue. - That's fair. I'll just see you in the office - in a minute, okay? - Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Morning. No. Come on. Okay, okay. I'll make sure someone sues me every week, then. Give me the rundown. Okay, we have, uh, Trump in Kentucky rallying coal country. Miners love him. What the miners love is the idea of looking at Melania for the next four years. Hannity's got him in the "A" block tonight. - Exclusive. - Good. Good. Uh, Hillary's doing a fund-raiser at Haim Saban's in Beverly Hills. Hollywood and Hillary. Now, that's a shit sandwich our audience will eat up. Okay, Moody, what are you hearing from D.C. about these Never Trumpers? There are lawyers in the upstairs conference room. - Murdoch sent them. - Okay. But Manafort claims that he has the delegates locked down. Mm. You know, just my personal opinion... I think Manafort's a fucking idiot. I also think he's a fucking liar. So let's just double-check that lying fucking idiot's numbers, shall we? We'll do it. We'll do it. Fucking Lachlan. He's coming after me. Like a corpse coming back from the dead. Get Peter into my office now. Dismiss it this week. Roger Ailes. How can I help you? Mr. Ailes, Michele Hirshman, partner at Paul Weiss. Why are there Paul Weiss lawyers here? I don't... I... They're fucking upstairs! In the conference room! Ms. Hirshman. We're here at the request of the Murdochs to conduct an inquiry into Gretchen Carlson's allegations. You're not fucking this up, are you, Peter? 'Cause it feels, right now, like you're fucking this up. We're an open book here. Talk to my people. Let's put this to rest. And if I can be of any help... Thank you. We appreciate transparency. - Great word. - Roger, no, no, no. Not at all, not at all. These, um... these investigations are designed to protect the client. - Stay calm. - I would feel a lot calmer if I felt my lawyer knew what the fuck was going on. So get the fuck out of here and get on top of it! I don't like this, Roger. I mean, what if people lie? They can tell the lawyers anything. Look, let me talk to the lawyers. I worked for you. I know what kind of man you are. You're my wife. A little biased, don't you think? I can talk to them. - No, I don't think... - That's a great idea. Thank you, Judy. Everything's gonna be fine, okay? Look, it's all gonna be fine. It's all a bit... unusual right now, but it will all be fine. Ms. Laterza, we'd like you to start by describing your experience with Mr. Ailes. Mr. Ailes is a visionary. Within seven seconds of meeting a person, he knows everything about them. When I first met Mr. Ailes, he told me he saw a fierce loyalty coursing through my blood. It's the truest thing anyone has ever said to me. Ever since he chose me to be his executive assistant at Ailes Communications, I've never had another boss. I've never wanted one. Where he's gone, I've followed. In all this time, has Mr. Ailes behaved at all inappropriately toward you? Never. And other women? Have you witnessed or heard accounts of inappropriate behavior? There's no one who knows Mr. Ailes better than I do. Every person that goes in and out of his office, I know their names, their... backgrounds, their agendas. That's my job. And... if he was mistreating anyone, I would know about it. And I can tell you that it has not happened. Roger's the best boss I've had. It's an honor to work for him. Tell us about Mr. Ailes. As a producer, I've always found him easy to work with. He's a gentleman. Very considerate. And a family man. He makes all of us at Fox feel important. I was hired as an assistant to the head of booking. Do you often interact professionally with Mr. Ailes? Yes. What are the tenor of those interactions? Uh, well, my interactions with Mr. Ailes have... always been professional and cordial. He's supported my career every step of the way. It's gonna be fine. Everything's gonna be fine. Anything else? No. That's all, Judy. Roger and I are going to dinner. Why don't we take you with us? Why don't we take Judy to dinner? Oh, Roger, that's not fair. We can't take Judy upstate with us. - How would she get home? - Hmm. Beth's right. But thank you. And I'll be here if you need anything. Good night. Night. Fuck the Murdochs. I'm done with them. Roger, don't do anything rash. No, Beth. You know, fuck them. All right? The money I've made for these people. I should just call Donald. Manafort is a moron. If Donald wants to win, he should just let me run the campaign. Zac. Zac. - Zac. - Dad. Life is not a game, son. The dangers we face are real. The threats against us are real. We need to be ready. If an actual event took place here, right now, what would you do? H-Here? Yes, here. Look around. The busboys, the waiters. For all you know, they could be planning an attack. What would you do? What would you do? Look, we stick together, all right? There's strength in numbers. Priority number one, getting your mother to safety. Oh. Well, what about Jimmy? He'd help. Of course he would. But if he uses his weapon, he'll draw their fire. Hmm? It'll buy us some time, but... he'll probably get himself killed. Yeah. Good point. That witch! It's Megyn. "Beth, I will not be making a statement on Roger's behalf. Sorry." Why won't she defend you? It's so ungrateful. Somebody must have got to her. The left are trying to take me out. Liberals, you know? So much hate. So much rage. I will not be complacent while my enemies try to spread their lies about me. Eat. Excuse me. You know I couldn't say anything in there, right? No one could. He has cameras everywhere. You gotta be kidding me. When are they gonna go away, Mom? I don't know. Are you okay? Hey, Kaia. Will you go upstairs for a minute, baby? I should go talk to her. Yeah, you should, but first talk to me. How long are you prepared to drag us through this? Drag us through it? That's not fair, Case. You wanna talk about fair? Come on, babe. We knew this would be tough. Yeah, which is why you decided to settle. Before you decided to not settle and turn this into some crusade or vendetta - or some fucking thing. - You said - you were okay with the lawsuit. - I said you should do what you have to do. - I never said I was okay. - That is bullshit. If you had issues, you should've just told me. I did. You know I did. What the fuck am I gonna do now? Tell me. I'm gonna take the kids to California early. Take 'em to Disneyland. Get 'em away from this circus. You can join us next week for Jeter's wedding. No, we're-we're not going to the wedding. Not with everything that's going on. We have to go. I understand you do, but... Taking the kids to California's a good idea. But I have to stay here. I can't leave right now. I can't leave. Casey's gonna take the kids to Disneyland. That's not the worst idea. Change of scenery. Get them out of the limelight. Yeah. The things people are saying. I went online, and... Oh, you got to stay off. Mm. I know. Look, no one has brought down a man as powerful as Ailes. If he goes down, when he goes down, I think it's gonna inspire a lot of other women to speak up. Which is terrifying for people with a lot to lose. And how long until that happens? Should've listened to Casey. Should've just dropped this whole thing. Yeah, well, that's entirely up to you. But I do have some news. So, the internal Fox investigation, the one the Murdochs are running, has been moved to the Paul Weiss offices. Roger won't let that happen. Oh, he doesn't know. It's corporate. He's totally out of the loop. - No. - They asked you to come in. He will know. He'll know everything we have. Yeah, but so will the Murdochs. If they know that we have Ailes harassing you on tape, my guess is they're gonna offer you a-a huge settlement to lock it down. A settlement is what Casey wanted, right? Yes. A settlement could happen quickly. A court case could take years. But that means signing an NDA. Yeah, and a non-disparagement. So no one'll ever know. Just pay me off and shut me up. A trial will at least put everything on the record. Yeah, but a trial could last years, with no guarantee you would win. And Roger could walk away innocent, and you could walk away with nothing. You could do whatever you want with that money... a foundation, a nonprofit. But to keep those Ailes recordings under wraps, I think Fox's offer will be sizable. I still want my apology. And I will not settle until I get one. Roger Ailes assaulted me the first time we met alone in his office. These assaults continued throughout my professional career at Fox News. Can you be more specific? My old boss took me into Roger's office. He said he wanted to talk about my career. But it quickly... When he kissed me, it was like... kissing your grandfather, wet and gross. I wanted to scream. But it was Roger A-Ailes. So what are you supposed to do? Roger was just talking. And then he put his hand up my skirt. Roger told me I would never work in TV again if I didn't... go down on him. "You want to play with the big boys, you got to lay with the big boys." Roger literally said that. When the door was closed. And we were alone? He unzipped his pants like it was nothing. And the first time he exposed himself, it was like raw... hamburger meat. Disgusting. And he made me... Like I told you before. I tried to go to HR. But they gave me the runaround. Of course I reported it. Shine told me I needed to let this one go. I thought that going to a woman would help, but Suzanne Scott said I needed to get on "team Roger." Dianne Brandi said the only way to make it stop was to leave. Take the money, sign the NDA. Megyn Kelly's here. Don. No, no. Thanks for returning my call. No, I feel swell. Yeah. I sent the new speech over. I don't know what Manafort was trying to fucking do, actually, you know. What? You know, Don, it doesn't matter if he's free. You need stronger advice. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Ah, well, you know, I'm taking a little incoming fire, but they haven't got me yet. Oh, that would be great. If you did that, it would drive Rupert batshit. Yeah. Well, you know, uh, just say I'm a stand-up guy and Gretchen's full of shit, that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Her pussy's full of icicles. Say that on The View for me if you don't mind. He's been a friend of mine for a long time, and I can tell you that some of the women that are complaining, I know how much he's helped them, and even recently. And when they write books, that were fairly recently released, and they say wonderful things about him, and now, all of a sudden, they're saying these horrible things about him, it's very sad because he's a very good person. I've always found him to be just a very, ver... Now, remember, they're gonna go through everything. Your entire history. Every time you've gone to Human Resources, everything. Case? I thought you were... Where...? Where are the kids? My mom flew out to watch them. I wanted to be here for you. Oh, my God. You're doing the right thing. Just tell your story. That's all you have to do. You're doing the right thing. I knew I had to do something. So I did what any journalist would do. Took notes and made tapes. You brought copies of those tapes for us to review? Great. You know, Roger... always made me feel that I was wrong. How I looked was wrong. How I sounded, wrong. What I wanted, my ambition, my confidence... my belief in myself, all wrong. And that... that gets in your head. And then you're criticized for being... uh, too careful, too self-conscious. Not myself enough. But how the fuck am I supposed to be myself when all I'm ever told is, no matter what I do or achieve or try to believe about myself, is that I'm just... plain wrong. And as for the physical part... It's hard to explain, but... When I was a kid, I... I burned my arm here... very badly. I was taking a pan out of the oven, but I could feel that burn on my skin for months. And that's what it's like. Long after, you can still feel their hands where they touched you. And those... words. Those eyes. That look. That feeling, it doesn't... It's still there. It doesn't go away. Eh. Oh, they don't bobble like they used to, huh? Hmm. Made in China. Who's this speech for? - The delegates. - No, that's wrong. This speech is for the guy who is sitting at home on his couch, he's half asleep, he's staring across at his wife, and he's thinking, "Fuck me, I married that." That's who it's for. Every single thing on this stage has got to pop for the screen. This sign, it's got to be huge. And everything should light up like a Broadway marquee. Roger, the convention opens in two days. We can't rebuild this. I don't give a fuck, you know. Two days is plenty of time. This is a TV show, and I'm producing it. And in TV, Paul, we make magic happen. That's what we do. So just get it fucking done. I've got to take this call. Sorry. Yeah. The Southern District hasn't ruled on our change - of venue motion. - Yeah. Uh, i-it means that Gretchen's suit is moving forward. I know what it means, you fucking retard. In conclusion, based on our findings, it's the firm's strong recommendation that Mr. Ailes be terminated. Thank you, Michele. Well, I think we all agree it's a fucking nightmare. Gerson, what's our exposure? On a first read? Class-action litigation. Shareholder suits. Settlement claims into the hundreds of millions. Not to mention Roger used corporate funds for his payoffs. SEC is gonna kill us on that. I warned you, Lachlan. No lawyers. You put the entire firm at risk. Oh, come off it. Roger's been a ticking time bomb for years. But everyone in this room looked the other way because profits were good. Gerson, I need options. At this point, our only public liability is the Carlson lawsuit. If we get Roger to resign, and settle with Gretchen, we can shut her down with an NDA and probably silo everything else. Resign? No. We should fire him for cause. Yeah, this is bigger than Roger. We need to consider a wholesale housecleaning. I won't do anything that'll jeopardize Fox News. And if you won't think of the shareholders, at least you think of your inheritance. Fine. We let Roger go, we save Fox News. Cut off the limb to save the body. Now there's a new story out from New York magazine, uh, from Gabriel Sherman. New York magazine broke the news Monday. One source told New York magazine Ailes is expected to be fired. We're talking about a network that Roger Ailes built from scratch 20 years ago. Ailes is Fox. And Fox is Ailes. If you know anything about the intersection of media and politics, uh, you'll know that that is just a seismic event. - I need to see Rupert. - Mr. Murdoch is on a call with our North American affiliates. Roger Ailes is more important than America. We need to talk to him right now. I will pass along your message. Here's another message you can pass along. He gets access. That's the way it works if you build a company from the ground up. This is unacceptable. Unacceptable and disrespectful on top of it. It's outrageous. That's not what we're doing. Not a word about this until you hear from me, okay? Irena. We're gonna put out a press statement saying this Sherman article is full of shit. Get a pen, you take this down. Roger Ailes, - chairman of... chair... - Um... Roger. I have been told that corporate is handling all media. Well, fuck corporate. You work for me. Actually, I work for Fox. - Roger, I'm sorry. - You... ingrate. Roger trusted you... taught you... made you. And this is how you repay him when he needs you most? - You are disgusting. - Beth. - Disgusting. - No. I don't need a press release. Because I... can go on the air... and I can tell the people myself. This is a witch hunt. It's a smear campaign designed to destroy me. Why? Because the left hate the fact that I have given the silent majority in this country a voice. And the media... they hate the patriotic Americans who love Fox News. They hate the fact that we love freedom, they hate the fact that we worship a Christian God. They hate the fact that we honor our families, respect our troops. And they hate the fact that we think that this is the greatest country the world has ever known. Now, I'm not perfect. I have my regrets. But I have done nothing wrong. No. And real Americans... they're smart enough to know that. Let's go. Let's go to the studio. Let's get on air. Let's tell it how it is. I want to go live. Holy shit, what's he doing? You hear me? We're going live. Excuse me, Mr. Ailes. - We're in programming. - I don't care. Cut the feed. Send a crew in. You know me... not as a newsman. I sit before you today... as, uh, just a man... wrongly accused. Okay. I'm ready. A man wrongly accused. I said I'm ready. Uh, Roger, it's Bill. Shine, good. Good. Uh, tell me when we're five seconds. Sometimes you find yourself... Roger, it's not gonna happen. Well, we could go in, uh, a minute, whatever, commercial break, whatever you need, Bill. Just tell me when we're going. He's nuts. Fuck. I sit before you... a man like any other man. Roger. I, uh... I'm sorry. I, uh... I've been instructed by Gerson not to talk to you. You, too? I don't... I don't... I don't know what to say here. Um... Rupert wants to see you at his apartment immediately. Of course he does. Rupert wants to see me in his apartment. - You know what that means? - What? Rupert blinked. You know, the thing about Rupert... at the end of the day, he's reasonable. Bottom line, for him, it's money. And I've made him the most. You two will hash it out. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we will. Yeah. Yeah, just check me. Check me. I'm gonna shit-can Shine. Irena, too. Yeah. All of 'em, you know. I'll start a new Fox, better Fox. What are they doing here? I just came to watch. Rupert, we need to put out a statement... It's, uh, over, Roger. The board voted. You're no longer the CEO of Fox News. Bullshit. Bullshit! I've done nothing wrong. There's no evidence. You're gonna take the word of that fucking stupid Carlson cow?! The exit package is generous. Your resignation guarantees 40 million. In return, there's a five-year non-compete and a non-disparagement - for both parties. - No, no. - Take it, Roger. - No. - Or we'll fire you. - No. You can't! I have a contract. - So sue us. - Rupert, where is the due process? It's my word over theirs, and they're all fucking liars! All of them! There is no proof! We have tapes, Roger. Gretchen recorded you. For over a year. There is proof. You're done, mate. If you do this... you won't have a network. I will take the entire lineup with me and start something new. Shep, Greta, O'Reilly, Hannity. They're all loyal... to me. To me! And they will walk. And I have a list of 50 other names, - and they will walk, too! - Roger. You think about this, Rupert. - Roger. - You think about it! You really want to blow up a $20 billion dollar asset because your trust fund babies got their panties in a wad - over my politics?! - Roger! What?! We need to go. Ms. Laterza, it's time. I just need to get my coat. Okay. You know, Donald called. He wants me to go to Bedminster on the weekend. He's gonna need me in the White House. Of course. We're gonna be fine, you know. We will be fine. Even if he loses, he's gonna start his own network, and he's gonna need me to run it. And Trump TV is gonna be bigger than Fox News. I can tell you that. And then you and I get to fuck Rupert and Lachlan back. Can you pass me the remote? Today the man who created conservative-leaning Fox News two decades ago was forced out over allegations of sexual harassment. No. Come on, Beth, here. Roger Ailes, a giant figure behind the scenes in television and the GO... stepping down amid allegations of sexual harassment... - Please don't. - He filled a void in television - for better or worse... - Can I have the remote? Beth? Fuck. Beth? Beth? Beth? Beth, we can get through this. Beth? Let me in. Come on. I'll be right there. We're a team. You and me. The two of us. You know I love you. Our convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. Not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they've lived through one international humiliation after another. One after another! So, to every parent who dreams for their child and every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight. I am with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you. I think he can win. I really think he can win. Right? Hey. Beth. To all Americans tonight... Beth. In all of our cities and in all of our towns, we will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again! God bless you! And good night. I love you. USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! ♪ I'm sick and tired of hearing things from ♪ ♪ Uptight, shortsighted, narrow-minded hypocritics ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth ♪ ♪ I've had enough of reading things ♪ ♪ By neurotic, psychotic, pigheaded politicians ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth ♪ ♪ No short-haired, yellow-bellied ♪ ♪ Son of Tricky Dicky ♪ ♪ Is going to Mother Hubbard soft-soap me ♪ ♪ With just a pocketful of hope ♪ ♪ Money for dope ♪ ♪ Money for rope ♪ ♪ Whoo, ooh ♪ ♪ No short-haired, yellow-bellied ♪ ♪ Son of Tricky Dicky ♪ ♪ Is going to Mother Hubbard soft-soap me ♪ ♪ With just a pocketful of soap ♪ ♪ Money for dope ♪ ♪ Money for rope ♪ ♪ I'm sick to death of seeing things ♪ ♪ From tight-lipped, condescending ♪ ♪ Mama's little chauvinists ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth, now ♪ ♪ I've had enough of watching scenes ♪ ♪ With schizophrenic, egocentric ♪ ♪ Paranoic prima donnas ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth, now, now ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth ♪ ♪ No short-haired, yellow-bellied ♪ ♪ Son of Tricky Dicky ♪ ♪ Is going to Mother Hubbard soft-soap me ♪ ♪ With just a pocketful of soap ♪ ♪ It's money for dope ♪ ♪ Money for rope ♪ ♪ Oh, I'm sick to death of hearing things ♪ ♪ From uptight, shortsighted, narrow-minded hypocrites ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth, now ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth, now ♪ ♪ I've had enough of reading things ♪ ♪ By neurotic, psychotic, pigheaded politicians ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth, now ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth, now ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth, now ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth, now ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth ♪ ♪ Just give me some truth ♪ ♪ All I want is the truth ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 