Coronavirus, Explained: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Coronavirus, Explained 
 s1e1 - This Pandemic - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Coronavirus, Explained (2020): Season 1, Episode 1 - This Pandemic - full transcript 
 Explained looks at the virus SARS-COV-2 which has grown to become a pandemic that is affecting the entire globe. It examines how it spreads and can infect people with the disease Covid 19. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Before closing their borders... and locking down their citizens... many world leaders downplayed the new virus that was sweeping the globe. The situation is absolutely under control. This is one of our enemies’ plots, dragging the country to a shutdown. We should be going about our business as usual. A lot of that is fantasy when it comes to the coronavirus. Nobody knew there'd be a pandemic or an epidemic of this proportion. But many who work in infectious disease 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 knew a pandemic like this was coming. In fact, in the spring of 2019, months before the first case of COVID-19, we interviewed several of them for this show. Well, if you think of anything that could come along that would kill millions of people, the pandemic is our greatest risk. In terms of the death toll, a pandemic would rival even the gigantic wars of the past. The economy will shut down, the cost to humanity will be unbelievable, and no country will be immune from the problem this will create. It really takes an extraordinary act of political will to say, "Yes, right now, things don't look that bad, but we're going to send funding to public health anyway, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 because we know that someday it will be bad." We estimate there are around 1.5 million viruses in wildlife that we don't yet know about. Any one of those could be spilling over into human population right now. When a virus jumps from an animal to a human, it's called a zoonotic virus, and for decades, these kinds of new viruses have been causing more and more outbreaks. We know some pretty lethal ones, but we expect that there are others out there that are more lethal, that are better at being transmitted, where we've got no drugs and no vaccines. They're the big risk. That's what happened with SARS in 2002, which was a new coronavirus that spread around the world, killing hundreds. And it happened again with MERS in 2012, which was also a new coronavirus that killed hundreds. These outbreaks caused panic around the world, for a brief moment. But experts, they stayed worried. There's a risk with something like SARS or MERS, that it'll be something we're not ready for. Could it be a coronavirus again? Certainly. And of course, it was. So, of all the viruses out there, why did this one end up becoming the kind of pandemic we haven't seen in more than a century? And how does a pandemic like this end? A virus can be just as destructive as a bomb or a missile. We're deeply concerned by the alarming levels of spread and inaction. COVID-19 is a pandemic. The cases continue to increase globally. What we need to do is flatten that down. We're going to have outbreaks in developing countries that are just going to be raging. The campaign against infectious disease can succeed only if the public cooperates. Viruses were one of the first living things on Earth... but they're not alive like we are. They need to hijack other living cells to reproduce, and that's their only goal, to survive and replicate themselves. The official name of this virus is SARS-CoV-2. "COVID-19" is the name of the disease it causes, which stands for "Coronavirus disease 2019." Corona, as in "crown." The virus is named for its crown-like spikes. It spreads through droplets when we sneeze, cough, or speak, and can enter us directly through our eyes, nose, or mouth. The virus can also live on a lot of surfaces for hours, so people can pick it up on their hands and infect themselves if they touch their face, something the average person does 20 times an hour. Once inside the body, those spikes act as a key, locking onto the proteins found on the outside of many human cells. Once it's broken in, the virus gives the cell instructions to produce more copies of itself, potentially invading more and more cells, which can lead to a fever, a cough, and fatigue, but not always. And it potentially leads to any of these symptoms, too. Research is ongoing. And you can be infected and spread it without any symptoms, or they can be mistaken for the flu. That's what makes this coronavirus so devious. So the most significant diseases are often caused by viruses that are silent and slow, like HIV, or move very rapidly and cause symptoms like coughing and fever that could be confused with other diseases. Going about their life, a person with this coronavirus likely infects a couple other people, and each of those people infects a couple more, and so on, and so on, which is why the number of cases increases on an exponential curve, doubling every several days. Then some of those people will end up with a severe lung infection, and certain groups are especially at risk. In one US sample, around three-quarters of people who were hospitalized had at least one underlying health condition, like lung disease, heart disease, or diabetes. And while the exact numbers vary by country, the risk of dying is clearly greater the older you get, as you can see in this data that Hubei, China reported two months after their outbreak began. And for reasons scientists don't fully understand, the risk is also higher for men, possibly because of some biological factors, or because they're more likely to smoke, or because men, according to some studies, aren't as good about washing their hands. On that note... Wash your hands as often as you possibly can, and I know you're not always in a position to be able to wash your hands, uh, but wash them as much as you can. It's good advice. Now, this coronavirus is just the youngest in a whole family of seven coronaviruses known to infect humans. It's now famous, as are SARS and MERS, because they've killed a lot of people. But these four are actually more successful viruses. They cause up to a third of common colds. They're everywhere. Because viruses can actually be better at spreading if they don't make their host that sick. Just look at bats. They're teeming with viruses because viruses don't really bother them. But... They can transform into a new virus once they get into the human population. That's what scientists believe happened with SARS in 2002. Just like this coronavirus, SARS emerged in a live animal market in China. And since it was a new zoonotic virus, there were no treatments and no vaccine. But SARS was a lot less dangerous than this coronavirus. People could only spread it when they had symptoms, so it was easier to contain the virus by just quarantining people who were sick. SARS was also a lot more deadly, which made it harder for the virus to spread. A disease like SARS, it kills 10% of people it infects, and then the survivors probably have some immunity and can't be reinfected. And eventually, the only people the virus can find are people who have immunity to it. In the end, SARS infected around 8,000 people in at least 29 countries. Seven hundred seventy-four of them died. Since then, a group called EcoHealth Alliance has been coming to these caves in southern China, catching bats, scanning them for viruses, and flagging the ones that could most easily make the leap to us. And when we find them, we raise the alert, and the government of China comes in and tries to reduce the exposure of those populations to viruses. They've found a lot so far, including hundreds of coronaviruses. And they label them as high risk or low risk, depending on how similar they are to viruses that already infect humans. And a few years ago, they discovered one that they called "bat coronavirus RaTG13," which met the criteria for low-risk. When scientists sequenced the genome of the virus behind COVID-19, they found that 96% of it was identical to that bat virus. Scientists believe the bat virus likely evolved into this new virus that could infect humans. So we had to go back to Dr. Daszak. At the time, our goal was to find SARS-related viruses. This one looked too distant. We didn't think it would be able to get into people. It didn't look like it was a clear and present danger. Unfortunate. It's impossible to predict all the ways a virus might evolve. Scientists believe this one may have mutated in another bat... or it may have jumped to another species before jumping to us, like a pangolin or a snake... or a fish. That same kind of fluke happened on a farm in Kansas over a century ago. Experts aren't certain, but they believe the 1918 flu pandemic could have started when a bird with the flu and a human with the flu met the same pig. The bird flu couldn't infect humans, and the human flu couldn't infect birds, but in one of the pig's cells, those two viruses combined, creating a new zoonotic virus, H1N1, and that new virus definitely could infect humans. It was unlike anything else in history. For a disease to become a pandemic, spreading around the world in months, leading to potentially millions of deaths, it has to find an extraordinary balance... of contagiousness and deadliness. You can think of a disease on those two scales. And these are some of the infectious diseases that have been humanity's greatest foes. Here's the seasonal human flu, while this is the bird flu. And somewhere in this range was the 1918 combination. It was airborne, meaning the virus could hang in the air, infecting anyone who inhaled it. And it's estimated that it infected one in every three people on Earth, and then it killed anywhere from three to 20% of those infected. Medical record-keeping was not great at that time. But that was nothing compared to smallpox, which killed 30% of the people who got it, and was also more contagious. That virus terrorized humanity for thousands of years. In the 20th century alone, it killed hundreds of millions of people. And then there's Ebola, which is even deadlier. But far fewer people have died from it, in part because it's so deadly, people who have it don't infect too many others because they get so sick, they stay home, and then most don't survive. One of the unexpected things about viruses is that sometimes, a virus that has really obvious symptoms, that kills people at a very high rate, doesn't become a pandemic. It can't do that. While a disease like measles, which is far less deadly than Ebola, used to kill millions of people a year. So where does this current pandemic fall? It's not clear yet, but experts place it somewhere around here. Deadlier than the measles, but less contagious. Far less deadly than Ebola, and nowhere near as bad as smallpox. It's close to the lower estimates for the 1918 flu. So, it could be worse. But its balance is just bad enough to be devastating. But that doesn't mean we're doomed to repeat history. We can end pandemics. We've done it before. In the 20th century, we discovered antibiotics. So the Bubonic Plague and all these other bacterial diseases became far less deadly. But antibiotics don't work against this coronavirus, or any viruses. We have effective drugs for some of them, like HIV... which can now be far less contagious and deadly. But safe antiviral drugs are really hard to develop. So the best way to defeat a virus is through immunity. When certain viruses spread through a population, some infected people die... but others survive. Their immune systems have learned to recognize the virus and fight it off. When that happens in enough people, it's much harder for the virus to spread. This is called herd immunity. The rate of infection slows. And the virus dies out. But with COVID-19, if the world just waited to achieve herd immunity naturally, millions would die, and other coronaviruses don't even give lifelong immunity. For this one, we just don't know yet. Which makes it even more crucial that we create a vaccine. If enough people get vaccinated, it's a safe and life-saving shortcut to herd immunity. The first vaccine was created to fight smallpox. And in 1980, after a massive global vaccination campaign, smallpox was the first virus ever declared eradicated from the world. And these diseases don't cause nearly the amount of deaths they used to. But vaccines are also really hard to develop. It's gonna take a year to a year and a half to really know if it works. And while we wait, the virus keeps spreading and killing. So the best we can do is slow it down, using a method that's a lot more old school. In fact, it was invented seven centuries ago during the Black Death: quarantine. Or its gentler cousin, "social distancing": avoiding crowds and close contact with other people so the virus has fewer chances to spread. During the 1918 flu, one American city, St. Louis, took that approach quickly, shutting its schools and public places, while Philadelphia didn't right away, and allowed a big parade to go ahead. This was the death rate in St. Louis. And this was Philadelphia's. St. Louis flattened their curve, which means the disease killed people for a longer period, but fewer died. Because, as Italy learned in March, it's much harder for hospitals to save lives if too many people get infected at once. I’m living in the hospital, literally. I sleep in the office and I live here. Such concentrated and intense suffering. I've never seen this much of it in my life. People are critical. When you arrive at this point, you realize that you are not enough. We obviously want to avoid that, which is why many world leaders have made the same plea. Go home and stay home. You must stay at home. During this time, no Indian citizen should step out of their home. Hundreds of millions of people around the world have been waiting this out... finding ways to cope. So countries really have to go on a hardcore national lockdown to really suppress that curve, and then we have to, at some point, gradually and carefully come out of that lockdown. South Korea is one model. As of early April, they've managed to rein in their outbreak without a lockdown by testing widely and retracing the steps of people who came back positive. For other places to pull off something similar, they'd need to ramp up their testing. At what point on the other side of the curve do you go back to work? There is no answer. I think the answer's gonna be in testing. If you could test, today, millions of people, you could send them to work tomorrow, right? The problem is if we're not careful, that smoldering outbreak can last a long time. Remember St. Louis? Right there, in November, is when the city decided to end their social distancing policies. The death rate jumped, and the city quickly locked down again. In a pandemic like this, until you have a vaccine, you have limited options, because the virus had a head start. And this is a situation that experts have always feared. Mother Nature is the ultimate bioterrorist. There are always going to be things that surprise us and that take our detection by surprise. We could be far more ready for a pandemic like a flu or a SARS. However, if a really fast-moving respiratory pathogen came out, no, we wouldn't be able to hold those numbers down. The World Health Organization is meant to lead the global response to a pandemic like this. But it's actually quite a small organization, very dependent on voluntary contributions. So they don't have planes or teams standing by. They don't have a research and development budget to make these tools. In 2005, the WHO did draw up a huge blueprint for how the world should prepare and respond to a crisis like this. Among other things, countries had to develop the capacity to detect outbreaks and quickly notify WHO. One hundred and ninety-six countries signed onto this, but most never complied. When a pandemic comes along of any size, we always look back and wish we'd invested more. However, very quickly our memory fades, and other priorities are getting the resources. A recent WHO report even acknowledged, "There is a very real threat of a rapidly moving, highly lethal pandemic of a respiratory pathogen. The world is not prepared." That was three months before the first case of COVID-19. And our healthcare systems obviously weren't prepared. Doctors and nurses around the world have been forced to use makeshift masks. In the last two days, eight nurses have fallen ill. Healthcare professionals are sick. We need to be protected first so that we'll be able to help. And in China, many of the first people with COVID-19 appear to have caught the disease at a hospital. Well, the world spends a lot of money preparing for war. Military budgets are large, and the new weapons get created. This belongs right there with war, as something that we plan for. We also need to do more to prevent outbreaks from happening in the first place. Live animal markets like this have remained popular in parts of China and other countries, giving animal viruses all kinds of opportunities to mix and mutate and jump to humans. And when there is an outbreak, we need to respond faster. Three weeks before China began any containment measures against COVID-19... a 33-year-old doctor at Wuhan Central Hospital, Doctor Li Wenliang, sent a group chat to other doctors, alerting them to the outbreak. A few days later, the Wuhan police made him sign a letter, warning that he would receive the full sanction of the law if he "stubbornly persists" in his opinions. By the time the WHO declared a public health emergency on January 30th, Dr. Li Wenliang had likely already contracted COVID-19... because he died of it a week later. And three weeks after that, it's estimated that 114,000 people in China were infected. If China had implemented its containment measures just one week earlier, researchers found it would have looked like this. Two weeks earlier, like this. And three weeks earlier, like this. The number of cases could have been cut by as much as 95%. And while China was locked down in February, Italy wasn't, and it became the next epicenter of the virus. And when Italy locked down in March, the United States didn't, and became the next epicenter. And then cases started to rise in poorer countries where lockdowns are harder, and healthcare systems, already fragile. We need to get faster at containment. Ideally, we want to catch more viruses at the source. It isn't just China, and it isn't just bats. These are the places where a new virus is most likely to make the leap to humans. The frontline for disease emergence are places like the end of the road in a tropical forest where someone's just built a new mining concession. People have moved in, there's no food supply, so they go out and hunt wildlife. Or it's a farm in Southeast Asia that's been expanding and intensifying, that has bats nearby that spread viruses into the pigs in the farm. The truth is, human behavior all over the world has made pandemics like this one inevitable. Deforestation is bringing more wild animals into contact with more people, and factory farming is pushing animals closer together, giving their viruses more opportunities to combine into one that could infect us. Then we give them more ways than ever to spread. I think one of the big lessons about pandemics is, we think that it's something happening over there. Well, we know from COVID-19 that what happens over there can very easily get here. But if viruses were capable of thinking, they should have also learned their lesson. If their goal is to replicate, they shouldn't start killing us. Because once a virus becomes a pandemic, all of human ingenuity will be brought to bear to bring them down. We should have been more prepared, but when it comes to technology, science, and coordination, we've also never been more prepared. This new virus was identified within days. The sequence was shared a few days later, and because of that, testing began, really, across the globe. Scientists around the world are committing entire labs to creating a vaccine. The... the fastest vaccine ever created, um, in history. The world's fastest supercomputer has run thousands of simulations and identified 77 drug compounds that might effectively stop the virus. It's amazing the way the scientific community has gathered together. We know what it takes, because we've been in this race since life on Earth began, and a virus hasn't beaten us yet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 