Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e1 - Throw Some Mo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 1 - Throw Some Mo - full transcript 
 Labri has an issue when another dancer dances for her regular Young Joc. Laina confides in Lea Lea about her issues with her mother being on drugs and she considers counseling. Meanwhile ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Everybody comes to Atlanta, it's the hub. You got the sub-culture, the night life, which everybody loves. Cars, exotic dancers, the music. And of course, the money. It's raw, it's uncut, it's the naked truth, versus a well-dressed lie. People live double lives. Reverends, athletes, entertainers, doctors, lawyers, all the way down to the trap boys. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All of them come to the strip club. Equal playing ground, as long as you got some paper. If you a young, black girl and cute in the face and thin in the waist, and you cannot get a job, you can get one as a dancer. The average dancer makes more in one year, than the average working girl makes in three years. They live how they get down, They get down how they live. Unfortunately, you have to have an exit strategy, because eventually, it does come to an end. - There's two Atlanta's. One side, you might know, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the aquarium, Coca-Cola. But there's a total different side, that you might not know. This is my Atlanta. The sub-culture. The things that people think, but they never talk about. This is the lifestyle that I wanna bring you to. - My name is Labri, I dance at Blue Flame in Magic City. I've been dancing now for four, going on five years. I had to learn that atmosphere, 'cause those girls are like sharks. Honestly, you just have to be a bitch and you can't just be a bitch, you have to consider yourself that bitch. I feel like a lot of the reason why I am the way I am now is because I started dancing at a young age. The hardest part is doing it, so once you've gotten it over with, it's just, it's always an option. But at this point in my life, I don't want it to be an option, anymore. I'm ready to hang my shoes up. I was dancing at Goosebumps one night, Joc invited me on his night, and went to dance for him and then, while I was dancing for him, another girl actually tried to confront me about him. So, that was funny to me because, I just, I don't know. It was funny. I know me, personally, I'm very territorial over my customers, I don't care. If I'm not there, that means you leave the club until I go to work. All I'm here to do is get this money, so I was just looking at it like. I understood where she was coming from, but also, I don't know what goes on in her club, regularly because that's not my club. When you're Labri, you can go to a club for a night and dance, but most girls can't do that because you need a permit in Georgia, but, I did. - Obviously, he ain't throwing no money no more. Can we go to the back, real quick? - In this industry, girls can be very territorial because in all honesty, it's not so much about the customer, it's about the money. 'Cause they feel as if, "oh, this bitch is really stepping on my toes." Basically. She could fuck up my money with this nigga, 'cause I know that's now I think. Well, not really, I really don't be intimidated by nobody, 'cause I know I'm just the finest thing walking, you can't tell me shit. She got a problem, let me take my motherfuckin' shoes, 'cause I don't know what the fuck goin' on, it ain't that deep. This ain't no motherfuckin' character, this me. What's up? What's the problem? With girls in the strip club, it's always fights. - Like you on some shit! - 'Cause at the end of the day! - Sometimes, it escalates to blows. It's probably some bitches fighting in the strip club right now. It really doesn't matter who participates in the fight, who started it. If you do fight and blood is drawn, it's two weeks in the street. - Chill! - Bitch! - What part of your foot hurt? - Girl, the whole foot! - The whole thing? Oh, okay. - It's not so much as the heel, but girl, you gotta tote around all this heavy ass all night. - You gotta tote around all that! - Look at all that ass! - All that ass! - Girl, my feet are saying, "please!" - Aye! Back it up, back it up! - All that ass, all that ass, all that ass! - She was dancing with the same dude in the bar. - I'm just glad we made some money tonight. I know I'm glad we made bank. - My name is LingLing. Everybody has their own type. So, when someone comes in, they be like, "oh, they want LingLing." because they like Asian women or foreign types. They come in and they kinda blur out everybody else, like, "them girls with the big butts" or "that one's fat" or "that one's too short". I have my type, too. I actually went through some rough patches in my life and I decided to go ahead and get into the fast money. Dancing has its pros and its cons, from being labeled as, every stripper has to be an escort to every stripper is idolized. - We don't ever think we get together and hang out. - Right! We always just argue. - But, you know what I mean, y'all seem real chill. - We should work together because we are all trying to get outta here, everybody's working on something. My name is Angel Kake, I began my last year of high school. Me and my mom were at a weird place. I thought I knew what was best and from that, I was 18, turning 19, I stopped for, maybe, about six years and then, I returned for the last two years. So, all in all, I would say, I don't know, you figure out the math. Just think of how old I might be. - Probably finna go get something to eat, I'm hungry as fuck! - I'ma try to put my shoes back on and go back out on this floor, y'all. - You can have that pole, girl! - I'ma make one more round 'fore I go, you know this power hour right here. - My name is Leah, but they call me Sweet LeaLea. I have been dancing on and off for about 10 years now. You have to be confident in this industry. I love that, for as much as it takes, it gives, too. It's a billion dollar industry, you know, sex sells. Women in the adult industry, we give men this fantasy that they don't really, necessarily get at home. It's so many facets, so many entities, wrapped up in the industry and I think that's why I love it so much. - Hello? - Hey, mom! - Hey babe, what's up? - Just callin' to check on you, letting you know I'm okay. I go by Laina Champion, which is my real name. I been dancing for nine years. When I have a couple drinks, I can get a little outrageous and crazy. I don't start nothin' with nobody. But, I'm a savage. That's me, savage. I been out in the streets for a minute, I didn't have no mother role to show me how to be a woman, a man show me how to be a woman and I would like for the young women to look at me as an example. I don't want them to go through this lifestyle. Have you been staying clean, mom? You trying? My mom, has been using crack, and I never really had any interaction throughout the years of my life. My dad, he passed away when I was two years old. So, I just been having to, live life on my own. So, you see what route I had to choose, to take care of myself? For me, I do have to, drink. I have to drink, to find my alter ego. I've never done drugs before. I had to take care of myself, 'cause I left the house at 17. It's like normal for a father not to be there, but for a mother not to be there, that's just, I don't see how anybody can can live without their child. I'ma call you right back, I love you. - Your legs look good. - Thank you! My treatments are really working for me. - I know! - So, girl, let me tell you what happened at work last night. - What? It's always something! What did you do? 'Cause I know! - He came in the club, right. He told me he came in there to see me, but he was dancing this other girl. So, you know me, I get dressed. I go get my mace and mace the whole damn club! - No, you didn't! - I swear to God! - No, you didn't! - My girl, Mickey, at Dreambody Studio, she keeps me waist trained, year-round. I'm also gonna get the cellulite removal today. - So, how it's been? - It's going really, really well. - Everybody keep asking about when you gon' drop again. So, Stormy, you know she does branding, she's coming up here, you know she's a branding guru, so yeah. That'll be good for your lip line. - I'm excited, you know I follow her on social media. - Hey, how are you? - Hey girl, this is Labri! I had on gloves. - Nice to meet you, we gon shake hands. - You're beautiful! - Hey, how are you? Nice to meet you, thank you. - Stormy Wellington, who am I? I represent the struggle, the fight, the success, I'm every woman. I don't know if people understand this, but my mom called me "bitch." That was my name and I used to be like, "Who would call they daughter a bitch?" She said, "you gon go into a world that they gon treat you like a bitch, so I'ma let you know what it is, but you're my bitch." Well, my first experience in the club, I was 13 and my water was off at home and I'll never forget, I had on this black suede vest with this black suede skirt and I went into the club and I was intrigued by the women, they were were beautiful, the energy, the life and I'm 13 years old. This guy was like, lift up your skirt, I'll give you $600. And of course, I lift up my skirt and I got those 600 dollars and the next day, my water was cut back on. Had to figure it out, I had to make a lot of mistakes, I had to lose a lot, I had to get hurt. I woulda had the right guidance, someone that said, "hey girl, let me hold your hand." For me, I have a soft spot for what I didn't have and so, I would love to see more girls exit that lifestyle because most of them want to. Most people know I'm involved in multi-level marketing, direct sales. The money that I make is from retail. A lot of people look at what I do as scam, a pyramid, but it's sales. - This is Bri, she has a lip line. - You don't have to introduce, I follow her on Instagram. - Oh, yeah, she said she follows you already! - Good, are you inspired? - Very, very. - Good. That's my goals. Mission accomplished, right? - When Stormy first walked into the room, I was thinking to myself, "yes, bitch!" She was clean, I liked her little fit. To be fresh off a plane, Sis was cute! I'm like, "okay!" - What kind of lip line do you have? - Actually, it's a full cosmetic line. Originally, I entered entrepreneurship in 2014. It was a little overwhelming, juggling daytime and my night job, 'cause I still do dance, that's why I'm trying to transition and not have to go with the night life and all that no more, but it's hard. - Why you still dancing if you got a product to sell? - Good money. - The same hustle you have in that club, is the same way you gotta hustle them cosmetics. - She was right, if I can make this amount of money, average at night, I should be able to try to make that same money with my business during the day. - Wherever your focus goes, your energy flows. And so, you're not focused on your cosmetic line, that's why it's not flourishing. - I guess, that work is so easy, I know the hardest part is. - It's very temporary and you have to use your body to make the money. And, so, how long is that gonna last? Your cosmetic line could be long-term, it could be residual income 'til you 60, 70 years old. You have something, most people don't have an exit, you have it, so that's a plus. I commend you for that, that's good. - Thank you. - I like Labri, I connected with her. It was something about her energy, her spirit, I just like her as an individual. What is different about your cosmetic line? Is it organic? Does it last longer, what makes your cosmetic line? - If you put it on, Not even probably, you put it on now, it's gonna stay on until in the morning. - So there go your niche, you have to sell that. You don't have a mentor, a coach, somebody that you? - Everything up until this point, it's been self-taught with my business. I took heed to her advice, I really do feel as if she didn't tell me anything wrong. - Okay, you'll be done in about three minutes. - My stomach gon' be flat? - Yes, ma'am!" I just want you to drink a lot of water, relax, keep up with a healthy diet. - I don't eat crazy, I take pretty good care. - So, I know you, you're not in the cosmetic field, but I would really like to know if you could help me further my business. - I would like to, I would love to. I really wanna see, but you gotta have an exit strategy. I don't want you to be a stripper 15 years from now. I have a genuine passion to help the girls out of the club, and so, I felt like meeting Labri was my entry. - I want you to meet some of the other girls, as well. - Okay, that sounds fun. - Long as they don't see me and think a check coming, I'm good. That used to be me, you know? - You used to dance? - Yeah. - Really!? - Yeah! - I'm 'bout to cry. - In real life, see, when I danced, I ain't work like y'all do. All them back flips and cartwheels y'all do, back in my day, we just shook a little leg and got a check. - Now, let's take the band out. - Take the band out? - Yeah, put the man on the heating pad. That's pretty, now let's do a tree for Mama. In Mama's honor, we gon' do a tree. Becoming a mom, really, really defined what true and unconditional love was, for me. Nothing compares to being a mom to me, absolutely nothing. - Come on, you gon' put this in here? So awesome. Hey, hey, hey! - How you doin'? - Oh, good, good, good to see you! I invited my friend, Lainie, over for dinner tonight. The last time I talked to her, she was a little bit concerned about her mom. And because I know Lainie, I'm concerned about her, so I wanted to kinda just invite her over and just gauge where she was, mentally and emotionally. - When were at the club other night, and I heard you talking to your mom. I kinda just wanted to just kinda, see how you were feeling about that. - I really don't like talking about this issue, it's a family matter, but I really trust LeaLea. I see her every now and then, throughout the years, but she never really been there. - So, you all really weren't around her when she was. - No, I don't even know my mom's side of the family. - That sucks. You have to be willing to take the first step, you know? But then, I will say this, too, she doesn't get to come and ruin your life again. I sympathize with Lainie because she had to take on a role at a very young age. She had to be a mother to herself and then, she had to literally almost raise her own mother, so, as a child, that's not something you, you're ready to do, it's not something you should have to do. - Thinking about counseling or something. - You know, I'm, Girl, I could really flip right now because I was just having this conversation. I said, "black people, we are afraid to go and get help." We think that's a taboo, you know what I'm saying? You think something's wrong with you, but there is strength in admitting that you need help. There is strength in admitting, hey, I cannot do this by myself, you know what I mean? There is strength in that, that is not a weakness. The first step is knowing and admitting that you need help and it takes a strong person to say, "hey, I need some help." So, I'm very proud of her for taking that step. - Well, before we get ready to eat, I have a book for you because I want you to read it. I think that, you know me, I'm not religious at all, but I do believe in feeding your spirit and I want you to read this book. It's called, "The Road Less Traveled." And it's actually one of my favorite books, when it comes to spiritual growth because everybody thinks you're supposed to be on the same level, no. But I think this book would definitely help you out and a whole lot you have going on. I want you to read this book. So, while we doing that, while you looking at that book, If you wanna eat, you know I cooked some lasagna and, this is what we gon' eat. - Looks good. - It better be, Maliah made it. - So, tonight, my guy friend let me use his spot, so, I thought it would be a good idea for me to invite some of my lady friends, from the industry, over. Have girl talk, drink, gossip a little bit. As always, I'm gonna be fashionably late, so, I invited Richie over to entertain the ladies until I could get there and occupy them. - We are all drinking, currently. We have options of Wicked Lemonade. We got peach, blueberry, we have some, Moscato, Riesling, and a little Pinot Grigio and Cabernet Sauvignon. Which one can I help you out with? - Richie, the eye candy. A very good-looking man, a very good-looking man. A big flirt, but a good-looking man. - Down south, they mess with their dancers. The south, the strippers got it on lock. You go to New York, it's colorism, for sure. Because the darker skinned dancers, have to fight against the dancers that are y'all color, you know? They not gonna be dark like me and it's not as easy as people would like to think. Just because everybody knows my name is Sweet LeaLea. No, I still have to hustle, too, when I go to places. - It's as largely about, understanding what your opposite want. Not to even toot my own horn, I'm like one of the bottle girls that really get a lot of money out of it. - So, you don't strip, though? - No. - Stripping is the whole 'nother game. You gotta be twerkin', workin'. I did the bartending, and I'm not here for the nightlife games. - The easiest way. - If I'm gonna be up at night, I wanna make as much money as possible. I'm not going if I'm not making at least $400. I feel like I'm kind of being insulted, 'cause I'm really degrading myself. - My slow day for a bottle girl is a thousand dollars. - But you have probably a demand 'cause you have clientele. As a dancer, you could be a brand new dancer and just go in and get it how you live, but as a bottle girl, you actually have to have some clientele, for you to make some money. - I would agree with that. I have a company called Barcode Solutions. One component, I train girls how to be bottle girls, cocktail waitresses and bartenders. So, I'm having a bartending class and a bottle girl class, so it's kind of like the wide-scale of launching. - Hey, hey, hey! - Don't you look all pretty. - Hey Labri! - You look cute, girl! - I know, I like your shades! - I'm late tonight because, as always, I had to make sure everything was on point. My hair to my makeup to my accessories. Just my personality, I'm always fashionably late. - It gives and it takes, it's got its good and its bad. From, times of the year to making $1500 a night. Then, there's that you make $60, you know? I mean, I'm not gonna lie, I've been there, I made $60 before, are you serious? I still gotta pay tip out. And then, that's even embarrassing 'cause they're looking at you like, "You a stripper and you can't even pay tip out?" Everyone thinks that dancers make a lot of money. Truth is, we gamble. A lot of people don't realize, we do pay to go there. We do pay for our permits, we do pay to come in, we do pay for our drinks, if we decide to purchase them ourself. And we do have to pay to leave. For me, honestly, there have been times that I haven't made the money back that I spent to come in there. - Stripping has become so famous, instead of infamous. Little girls are in high school, saying they wanna jump straight off the stage and go straight to the strip club. - And they do. - Well, that's where we come in. As soon as Maliah is old enough to ask me or she feels like, I'm going to be honest with her because I feel like this is just the entertainment industry. I think the earlier you talk to your kids about that and explain to them that it's just entertainment, the easier it becomes for everybody involved. - So many young girls write me on Instagram, DM me, "oh, I wanna come to your club, you be making money. I like the way you dress." This, that and the third. Then, they come there. All they do is buy the most expensive outfit, get they make-up done by the same person, get they hair pressed. - And smoke hookah. - And take a picture in the mirror, then smoke hookah all night, don't make a damn dollar. - They don't know, we started out with them $19.99 outfits. - I don't feel like the girls are really being real. I think they're kinda like, making themselves out to be these glamorous, money-making strippers, which is cool, but honestly, I wanna keep it real, I wanna, make people understand the reality. There has to be an exit strategy because where do you get to speak to these girls and say, "hey, you gotta leave out." But you're still in there? You guys have a cut off, I'm done, January, 15th, 2000, and. - I don't have no age, you can strip as long as you want to, 'cause I feel like if you fine at 45, you can go in there and hit it, go in there and get it. - You could say what you want about me in the club, you could do whatever. At the end of the day, it boils down to, suck my dick, where's the money? - So, I have a question between everybody. I've been modeling for the last 15 years, but I never wanted to be labeled as the model that's a stripper, every stripper is a model, you know? What would your guys' advice for me, be? To come out, to really try to pursue, to be international with it? - You're ready for runway, you're ready for all that. I would just keep going forward. - If we gon' just keep it all the way 100, there's not ever gon' ever, if people know you dance, it's not gonna ever, you're never gonna get away from that. - I respect everything that everybody's saying, but none of that really matters. We can't really talk to you about the models, the highway, the high-fashion shit 'cause none of us really do it. It's your confidence, shake your hand, then it's your network. And speaking of network, I know Derek Blanks, girl! He's a photographer and I feel like it'll be great for you to meet him, with your pretty face, and he's having a party. I think we should all get cute and go to the party. Keep drinking. What y'all feeling like? Y'all wanna go? And you gon' meet more models and everything. - Let's toast, then, before you leave. - He gon' wanna have anal sex with you and he's not gay. - Huh? - He gon wanna have anal sex. - Who? - Your man. - I will do anal sex! He can fuck me in my ass, but I'm not fucking him in his! - It's strictly gon be that or that, like I told him, I'm a tri-sexual, I will try anything once. So, if nigga wanna get fucked, I will put the strap on and handle that. I'm going to handle it like the dick is attached to me. Period, but, that is as far as that goes. - That is far! That is not as far as it goes! Bitch, that is far, that is all the way far! - We are VIP all day, all night, everywhere we go. Very Important Person coming through, step aside, people! - Derek's party was amazing. I just felt that it was a little rushed and I really couldn't hear him when I was introducing myself to him. I really wish I could sit down with him one on one. - Oh my gosh, he's one of the most amazing photographers in Atlanta. I'm so excited that we're just in the mix with all these great people. - This season on "Beyond The Pole." - Sex sells. It's a billion dollar industry. - I live by two things: I say, don't touch me and don't touch my money. - You get addicted to the fast money and then, you don't ever wanna stop. - So, are you planning on stopping any time soon? - I gave myself, maybe, another year? But I gotta stack them chips up, first, before I leave out. - There has to be an exit strategy because, where do you get to speak to these girls and say, "hey, you gotta leave out." But you're still in there? - The only one thing, or maybe two things, that I would say that you should take with you from the life of being an exotic dancer is your hustle and your heart. - Every one of us have some underlying issues. - For me, I do have to, drink, to find my alter ego. - Any anger, any bitterness, I want you to call it out. - This is for my dad passing away. This is for cancer. My struggle. - I was actually diagnosed with Melanoma. I have stage two skin cancer. - Does your son know you're here? - He sees me count my money, he sees my big ol' shoes. You know, I don't wanna hide it. - My daughter, she's 16 now and I don't, I'm gonna eventually tell her. - You don't think she knows, though? - No, 'cause girl, when I leave out the house, I have on my scrubs. - I don't have a permit, I can't go dance. I'm not about to go escort, I'm not about to go sell drugs. At this point, if I can't find somewhere to lay my head at night, it's just, I'm trying. - I think I got a solution to your problem. - I want an open marriage! Sus, let me hold your hair back while you suck the dick! You know what I'm saying? - You gotta keep putting out your tongue every time you gotta think about it? - That's how I suck on my straw. - I bet you do. - What do you guys think about speed dating? - You wear gray sweatpants or basketball shorts? - You're out of control. - I've made millions of dollars and coached over 12 people to millionaire-status, I'm not about to debate with you, you or nobody. - I'm 'bout to get my bag, for real. Y'all can take this mic off me, I'm finna go. - And from there, it just. - See, you don't wanna listen. - Girl, listen, I'm not 'bout to do this with you. - Or she didn't have the right answer and from there, it just. - I'll have you not being able to go to the strip club and get no coins! 'Cause I'll have a motherfucker fuck you up every goddamn day you go to the motherfuckin' club! - Let her go! - Believe that! - They was just, oh, my God, I don't know. - Listen, reality show people, I will fuck me a motherfucker up, believe that! - I want y'all to know that, for real. I'm a coach, I love the Lord with all my heart, but I will kick me a motherfucker ass, okay? And ask God to forgive me when I'm motherfucking finished! - First of all, I put myself in this environment, I can take myself out of this environment. - Okay, babe, get your friends out my house, goodnight. - I don't need to be rescued and I definitely don't need her to rescue me. - What's the average income per day, like for real? - At least $1000. - Okay, so when we getting together again, so I can show y'all how to make more than that and keep your clothes on? - In or out, baby. It's your choice. - What made you want to do this show? - Rhonda Cowen and Ed Woods, rest in peace, - Yes. - Said, "we have a guy, Mark, who has this concept about doing a show about strippers." - I had my vision of what I wanted to do to give the dancers a platform, talk about their struggles and Woods said, "I got the right person for the job!" And, he brought Shante in. - I knew Shante from the music business. At first, we bumped heads. - What!? - I was just about to question that, go ahead. - With this show, I said to Mark, "It really has to have a redemption factor for me. 'Cause I'm at a point of my life where, I just can't do just anything. - So, when Shante told you that she wanted to have a redemption factor in the show, how did you feel about that? - First of all, I believe in redemption, but I was concerned how it would affect the eyeballs. Everybody don't wanna hear a ghetto story. Or what your ghetto story is that got you to this point. So, that was my worry. - I'm the type of girl that would go to a club and be like, "why do you strip? What makes you do this?" I'm that girl! Then they'll be like, "can you stop talking to them!? They're dancing for us!" I really wanna know. - Of everything that you could do, what made you wanna do a show about strippers? - What could make a girl, take all her clothes off in front of someone, that she don't even know? What happened in her life, you know? Where was the void? And I was intrigued by that. - I really want to let young girls know that there's a price, you know? It's not the glitz and the glamour. Sometimes, they don't make anything. And I don't think young girls know that. - Okay. - Okay, so we're good? - Yup! - Okay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 