Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e5 - Holistic Truth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 5 - Holistic Truth - full transcript 
 Ms. Dime takes Coach Stormy and Angel Kake to her holistic advisor for insight. Young Joc invites a few of the ladies to his karaoke night. Labri enlist the help of a popular video director... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Beyond the Pole. - I haven't told anybody this yet. I actually was diagnosed with melanoma. I have stage two skin cancer, currently fighting it. So now when people see me, they say, "Oh, you know, you're being abused." You know, "You're getting beaten up by your man, "you're going through things." You know, this is just part of it. - So now you know I'm mad with you about your little crazy friends 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that came to my house the other day, right? - I'm so embarrassed about that. - Something's wrong with her. - I just feel like both of you guys rubbed each other the wrong way. - And I'll do anything to help her, but you not gon' come into my house and be disrespectful. - People think that once you hear that "Oh, cancer free" phone call, and then that's it. No, there's so much more. You have to pick up the pieces of your life. Everybody knows cancer is a monster, you know what I mean? - Yeah. - It's ugly. Like, it's very, very ugly. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But there's beauty in the struggle. - Well, I have, like, a spiritual advisor. - A spiritual advisor? - Yeah, like I have a spiritual advisor. - Oh my, you so Hollywood. - Want me to tell you what's funny? - She's a psychic. - She told me I was gonna meet somebody like you. Promise, she said that. - So, what brings you here today? - I was looking to see if you guys do butt reduction. - I can't help you with that. - All those birthdays you feel like she missed, it will be worth it. - It's probably gon' be a healing process for the both of us, 'cause she always wanna play the victim. - I'm getting emotional, but-- - Today I'm purchasing turkeys for my turkey giveaway. I'm going to purchase maybe about a hundred turkeys. I started my first giveaway back in 2014. I actually started it with a toy drive, and what I actually did was go to 44 in Atlanta, Georgia, and I opened my trunk, and I just started passing out toys to all the kids at the park. I would like to see the Kings and Queens of Tomorrow be able to donate scholarships to the young men and young women who've been a part of the organization, have different facilities put in different states. I would actually like my organization to be able to help the youth go to these HBCU schools to learn the benefits about being in a HBCU school. I have a lot of big things for the Kings and Queens of Tomorrow. I just have to stay ten toes down and make sure that happens. So, I decided to pass out the turkeys on the west side of town of Atlanta, the Boys and Girls club, and the reason that I decided to pass out the turkeys there because I've been on the west side of Atlanta since I was 18 years old. So, I'm gettin' all the little turkeys, and I see all the little girls there walkin' in to my turkey giveaway and I'm so excited because I know everybody doesn't always see eye to eye, but just for all the girls to come together for my turkey giveaway meant a whole lot to me. And I appreciate them so much. - Girl, you don't even know how to show up at no charity without being a diva, do you? - Dime invited me to the Boys and Girls Club on Bankhead to give turkeys to the families of the kids who couldn't afford one this year and I thought that was really dope, so of course I agreed to help her and I was really excited to help in any way that I could. - Thank you for coming, I know it was, y'know, last minute, but thank you, thank you, thank you. - As long as you're doing it. It's just something that I wanted to do, but I really didn't know how to go about getting it together, so you showin' me. - Get it with me girl, come on over here. - You know, I think that's what having a life of purpose is the best life to have to me. That's why that's important for me to just always pay it forward because one day, somebody had to help me, one day somebody will have to help me again, so. - Well, this is my first year actually doing it with the Boys and Girls Club. Usually, every year, what I would do is just get the turkeys and I'll go on the corner or a certain neighborhood and just start passin' 'em out, but this year I was just like since my organization is the Kings and Queens of Tomorrow, I might as well go where the kids are so I can interact with the parents. - I really enjoy giving back to people. It's the most rewarding feeling that you could ever get. So, Dime being able to give turkeys back to the community was amazing to me. - Hi, thank you for coming out, no problem. - I love your hair, oh, I love it, yes, honey. - Slay! - It got to the point where we were literally slinging turkeys on Bankhead. - Today, I really need to get a lotta stress off my mind, some issues with my mom, with my legal issues, my past. I just really need to talk to somebody. I think that would be really good for me. - Hi, I'm Dr. Norman. - My name is Laina Champion, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you as well. What brought you in today? - A good friend of mine, LeaLea, she recommended me to speak with you. - Give me a little bit of information about yourself. - Really wasn't open with coming out and letting her know about some of my personal issues but she made me feel comfortable speaking with her. Well, I have small issues with family problems and stuff, trying to get out of the dancing, entertainment life and stuff, but my issues with my family is like my mom's on drugs, I really didn't have no parents growing up. I drink and then I'm cool, but if somebody mess with me, then all my anger come out and-- - Let's start from the beginning. You said your parents weren't there for you. Can you elaborate on that a little bit more? - Well, my mom, she didn't raise me. My mom's been on drugs since I've been born. And my dad, he got killed when I was like two years old, so my dad's parents raised me. They was really strict, so I left the house when I was 17, and I pretty much raised my own self. I haven't talked to my mother. I've been trying to track her. I went to Minnesota, where I'm from, to go try and see if I can get in touch with her, find her, I haven't been able to find her, I don't know no number on her. She had come every now and then, or people would tell me they seen her down a certain street where there'd be a lotta drug addicts. I really wanna see her and I've been asking for her for months, so I dunno, I gotta find her. - Tell me a little bit more about your childhood. Do you have any siblings? - Yes, I have siblings. Me and my sister, we got the same mom and dad, we both was raised together. - When you say your mom and your dad wasn't there, your mom was on drugs, how did that make you feel? - It made me feel abandoned, neglected. It made me feel like I didn't have no love, real love, so I went searching for love in all the wrong places. I dated when I was like 19 years old. I thought it was like a man that really loved me, really cared for me, he invested in me, but the whole time, he was investing in me to invest in him. Basically, he was pimping me. It made me leave the relationship. I got into dancing with a couple older girls because I felt like, "Oh, they makin' money easily. "You can make 600 in one night just dancing." Really, Players Club movie made me inspired to be a dancer. - Were you ever inspired to do anything else? - I wanted to be a nurse. Caring for people, I got a good heart, so I'm good with caring for people. - Tell me a little bit about your anger or your hurt. - My anger, my issues is really with my mom. Like, I just don't understand how she would just leave her kids, you know. She got 11 kids, and she don't have 'em. Not one of 'em. And I have been molested when I was like 12 years old, too. - So, you're dealing with a lot and that makes you angry. Did you ever confront or get an opportunity to confront the person who molested you? - No. - Okay. Was it someone you already knew, like a family member or a friend? - Yeah. - And did you ever tell anybody about the molestation? - Well, I told my grandma, my cousin, but this was like, I told them this when I was grown. - So, you held that in for a long time. - Yes, I have. - And it built up a lot of anger and resentment. - We had a personal conversation. She made me feel more comfortable with talking to her and letting her know my issues. - One of the suggestions that I would say is some type of, to release that energy, sometimes when you do some physical activity. Would that be something you would be interested in doing? - Yes, it would. - Alright, so, I will touch bases with you. - Sounds great. - Alright, it was very nice meeting you. - Nice meeting you, too. I'm gonna follow up with Dr. Norman. I think I can get a lot accomplished with her and just let her know the real me. - It's like everybody's getting out. - Yeah, but I'm a girl. - He just wants to see if you thought he was gay. - No, I don't think a dude that wants to stick his dick in my ass is gay. - Maybe he just wants to see what you have to say about it. - 'Cause I asked and they said it's a different type of tightness. Like, it's like a different type of-- - Yeah, that thang. - So, is he trying to say my ass is better than my pussy? - I think it's just doing something that you're not supposed to be doing. - Okay, when you at home, though, when you at home and you stick your own finger in your pussy, right? - I get no type of-- Yeah. - But, if you stick your finger in your ass, it's a totally different feeling. - Hey, man, I ain't stickin' no finger in my ass, man. - You've never seen the, it's the, is it this? Is it that? - Two in the pink, one in the stink? - Wait, is it that? - Two in the pink, one in the stink, yeah. Two in the pink, one in the stink, baby. - That was good, thought that was the golden rule. - Hey, baby! - Hey, Daddy! - Hey, baby! - I still have Meleah from having her prior in the day and her dad was here. I asked him would he be willing to come and pick her up from me. Oh, thank you for coming. I know she is tired, but thank you for coming to get her. Yeah, she definitely needs to eat, 'cause she's probably more cranky thank anything 'cause we had a long day. He respects the mom that I am, and he respects me being a working woman because he knows that everything I'm trying to do is for our daughter, so having that type of relationship, I felt no-brainer, call the dad, tell him to come get her, 'cause mommy's gotta work. Gimme some kisses, kiss kiss kiss, I'll see you later. Go have fun with Daddy. The relationship with my daughter's father. So, we dated for two years and then I had gotten pregnant once and then we had a miscarriage and then I feel like he trapped me, because men trap women, too. He got me pregnant on purpose. But, he got me pregnant on purpose, and that's my story and I'm sticking to it. But, our daughter came along. I'm six months pregnant, boom, bang, my world gets rocked. I find out he's married. I made the decision to just say hey, y'know, we just gonna co-parent this thing, raise our daughter. He's an amazing father, he never let one mistake interfere with him being a great father for our daughter. Oh, his wife definitely knows. She knows because her and Maleah have the same birthday. Mr. Atlanta, Mr. Personality. - You did. - To come and help me get this thing poppin'. I've known Yung Joc for some time in the clubs, and I wanna ask him would he be willing to help do the fundraiser Save the Tatas, where I'm trying to raise a little money for Ling Ling. - A lotta parties that I promote is more women than anything and women are loyal supporters, and for the simple fact a woman can definitely relate to your cause better than a man can. Not saying we can't, 'cause I lost her to breast cancer, my sister was diagnosed with breast cancer, so I'm definitely with it. - So, this is something that would be dear to your heart, too. I think the addition of someone like Yung Joc would definitely make more of an impact because we are doing this to try to help as much as possible, the more the merrier. - I need to get y'all to karaoke tonight. - I know, right? You with it? Get up there and flex some skills. - Gotta keep your tongue out every time you gotta think about it? - That's how I suck on my straw. - I bet you do. - I would never date Yung Joc because I've known him for so long. I can't really see us dating or kissing or-- - We gon' do the karaoke but we're waiting on our one homegirl Angel and when she come-- - Angel, how angel look? She fine, too? - She fine. - She fine, big ol' booty too. - It's like chocolate, caramel, and then vanilla. It's like all three. - Oh shit, for real? Be about 20 more minutes, I'mma be piped. - Well, soon as she get here, we come and find you. Thank you again, sweetheart. Joc, that's her right there. - Hey! - Oh, this lady! - Hey, pretty girl! - You look beautiful. - So, the night's going good, and I see LeaLea and Angel, they're talkin', and they're huggin' it out, and it just feels really good that they were able to reconcile their differences. - I really didn't have anything to say in there because I felt like I was sitting around a bunch of people that as soon as I walk out the room, then everybody wants to talk about LeaLea. When I'm in the room, everybody's quiet as fuck. I don't like that. - Look at my two babies talking, I'm so happy. - Girl, you know. - Hug it out, Barbie. Me too, don't leave me. - I know you know we too grown for that. And I respect it anyway still as a woman, I just respected the fact that you were willing to come to me and say "Hey, bitch, "I'm feeling a little tension in the room." - I have amazing amount of respect for you, not just as a woman, but because of your fight and everything, and I embrace your confidence. And when you speak up, speak up, 'cause you'll be speakin' up for us, I'll be like, "Say this for me!" - I'm not surprised that Angel and I are getting along. She's a very sweet person and I think her intent was very well and I'm a person that doesn't really like to keep the mess going once I get my chance to woosah and meditate, so it's no shock to me at all. Back to this black girl magic. - So, so we good? - Yes, we definitely good. - Gang, gang, gang, gang. - Here we go, stand by, to the top. - Today, me and G, also known as G Visuals, are gonna sit down and meet so he can help me with some promotional tools and videos, also, show me how to push my line. He's in a lotta videos, and also just working with him for this show, he's really dope, so I thought he could help me. - And, cut, I think we got it. Wassup? - Wassup, how you doin'? - Talk to me. - I just was looking at all your work on Instagram, and I know a couple people that you work with. - Okay, you finally follow me, thank you. - Shut up. So, really, I was wondering, could you help me with my cosmetic line? I made a really dope promo piece. - I got that, you sent me the email last week and you sent some ideas. So, I know you don't wanna do just the urban line, so we put some images together. - I want my visuals to look as high fashion and as diverse as possible. And sure enough, I've always been the face of my brand. That's why I am thinking about adding some other models and faces, but I want them to see it as they see MAC or Sephora. - La'Bri Cosmetics. - I love it, that's dope. - You got some samples of stuff you wanna show me? - I do. - Look at the lollipops, I thought that was a cool twist. - That's really cute. - We did the different color lollipops in the lip stuff. Okay, I see you. - Here's some samples. Packaging. - Gotta do one of those. I'm not the face for it, but y'know. - I would really like for G to take my brand to the next level through this promotion. He's gonna help me get it on YouTube, and also some local cable outlets. And y'know, these days, social media is really big. Everything you do is Instagram, Instagram, promotion, promotion, so I'm really excited 'cause it's gonna be my first commercial. - So, the big question is, how soon are you ready? - Tomorrow. - I'll send the rest of the concept to you, and shit, we shooting tomorrow, you ready? - I'm ready. - Ai'ight. - I invited Angel and Stormy out to meet with my spiritual advisor Beloved because I never really believed in, you know, spiritual advisors and psychics and all of that stuff like that. But ever since that I started talking to her, it's a lot of things that she told me that I needed to do and once I started to do those things that she said to do, I started to receive different blessings. - So, what about, she don't have to sacrifice any-- - No. - She tell you, "If I tell you this, you better go." 'Cause I know some people, they had to get the lady to sacrifice something. You had to pay for it, you had to get her to sacrifice a hen or a-- - Goose, no. - Yes, okay. Okay, now I believe, now I'm with it. I'm excited to meet with Ms. Dime's spiritual advisor. Not sure exactly what she's gonna tell me. I have lots of questions, I have lots of things I wanna know. - Hi, Beloved. - Hi, sweetie. - This is one of my friends that I was telling you about. Her name's Angel, she's one of the two girls. - Okay. - So, I'm gonna let Beloved do what she do best, okay? - Okay. - Just relax and chill. - So, what is your profession? - Right now, I've been dancing probably since-- Not probably, since I've been 18. And I was in a relationship for about 10 years so I stopped dancing for a while, went to school, you know, tried to pursue something different. And I somehow always ended up back at the same place, which was the club that I absolutely hated so much. - So, what is it that you're looking for from me? - I really wanna make a clear path and really let my vibrations and my energy really align with the universe so that I'm able to attract all the things that I'm looking for and move forward and do something that's purposeful. - Yeah, yes. Well, what I see is that you gonna have to make changes, some changes that you gonna have to make in your life. You have to pray for the girls at the strip club. If you wanna come out, you have to pray for them. You said you have a purpose for being there, and I believe that. You can master your mind and master yourself through meditation every day, praying, reading affirmations. When you change, you have to change, then the people around you gonna change because you want to go to the next level but there's something there that won't let you. And it's spiritual, you are really spirit, having a human experience. It's gon' be okay, and you are coming out of that strip club. You are, you are going to do it. And you're not gonna go back. You trusted in that strip club, that's why you keep going back. Trust in the god, you. - Once I found myself going back, I didn't feel worthy enough to-- I felt like I wasn't doing what He wanted me to do. - You are worthy, more than you think. God is not withholding His love for you at all. - But I just, taking on too much. Taking on a lot. - Who's taking care of you? You have to do something to keep your vibration high. So, if you on a journey of meditating and yoga or whatever you do, never stop that, 'cause you're going to get worse. - Thank you. - You're quite welcome. - I'm a spiritual woman. I believe that nothing happens by mistake or by chance, and when Dime expressed to me that the young lady Ms. Beloved told her some things about me even prior to her and I meeting, it made me intrigued. You know, I wanted to meet her to see what the Lord could've possibly said to her regarding me. So, Dime said she believed that we should meet and she thinks that I'm nervous, but I told her this is my family culture. I come up and grew up in an environment where my mom believed in sage, you know, so I'm glad to be here. - What is it that you're looking for? - Me, I've been havin' a lotta conversation about why am I single? I think I know why I'm single and I'm okay with it, but that's been the topic of discussion amongst all of my friends. - Being single is a wonderful thing, because you get to meet you. - Exactly. - And sometimes when we are married, or we have a boyfriend or whatever, we can't seem to get to that place where we wanna get to. That's why I tell women, focus, get your life together before you get into a relationship. - Right. - Because it messes up things. - So, what is it that you do? I'm a little confused as to what is your position, what do you do, are you a spiritual advisor? A prophet, a psychic? - Well, I'm a prophet of God, and I been doing this all my life. - So, what do you see for me? I don't know your process. - Okay, well, I'll tell you. - I'm open to whatever you wanna say. - Well, I feel like you need to fall back some. You come with a lotta energy, and you come and sometimes it can be misunderstood. Especially with females, you know how females are. - It's hard. - Practice it. - I'm in such demand, people need me for so much. - Well, you could be available with peace. - I'm at peace, though. - No, what you need to do, you're doing it to me right now. You have to fall back and let God be God. - Okay. - Okay. Let God be God, and fall back and breathe and listen more, listen more, and fall back. - I can't be all things. I can't be all things to all men because I am a mother, and I do have a father that I take care of. You know, I'm a businesswoman, and so I find myself sometimes in very demanding positions. And so, for her to say for me to fall back, it's honestly been something that I've been trying to do without even talking about it, and so again, I know that the Lord was definitely speaking through her because this is something that I've been knowing that I need to do, not that I want to do. - Breathin' is very important to you. - You said I became aware, it's funny you say this, 'cause last night I was gettin' my eyelashes done. And I told her, girl, it's funny, I feel like I can't even breathe. - You have to practice with it. - And that never happened to me before. - Well, God's sayin' practice your breathing. - So I came here for you to tell me that I need to breathe better. - You came here for whatever God want me to tell ya, 'cause he loves you. - I believe that, I know that, and I know that. Thank you. - You're so welcome. - Hey, Ling Ling! - Hey! - This is Jayce, we gotta let our boys meet. - Nice to meet you. - I decided to call Ling Ling. Haven't talked to her forever, but I talked to her before about becoming a part of one of my spokesmodels or one of the models for my clothing line, and mainly because she's a high fashion model, and I'd like to have that look because I'm looking to diversify my clothing line and I think she's gonna be an amazing model. I'm having a photoshoot to relaunch my line, 'member I was talking to you about it? - Yeah. - So, I don't know what's your availability, but I wanna get you as one of the models. All the models that I use for Angel Kake are typically runway models. They are not curvy like myself. They have an exotic look, but they also have a very runway, high fashion look, which also makes your line look that much more expensive. So, would you think you'd wanna shoot? - Yeah, definitely, I'd love to do that. I told you anything, I got your back. - Yeah, I think you'll be a perfect model for my clothing line. Ling Ling is going to kill my photoshoot. She's definitely gonna come through and make it happen. So I'm gonna have to give you the details and we're gonna have to do some glam squad stuff. I think our girl's gonna do that, your hair and stuff, so we're gonna have some fun. - All my men gotta be old. - She likes 'em old. - What's old, what's old? - They gotta be over 35. - I've already had one young nigga, and that dick was God, like, oh my God. - Yeah, he gotta be old, 'cause young dudes be wanting to fuck too much, and I ain't got time for that. - No, he said I was a nympho. - Yeah, no, young dudes be wanting to fuck too much. - What you think, hm? - No, young guys be wanting to do-- Get up off me, what you doin'? - No, no, slow stroke the shit. - That nigga was not no. Bitch, that nigga was some shiny grill, my, my, my, singing to the pussy type nigga. - I'm not saying that's all of 'em, but I'm just sayin' why I don't deal with 'em, because my, in my own head, mentality tells me that they're gonna wanna all the time and I just don't have the patience for that. - Me and the girls decided to go to this sex toy shop. You know, we're single, so we're all lookin' to see who gon' pick the biggest toys out, and of course, La'Bri is always fashionably late. She's probably getting dolled up, but she'll be here. We really gon' see who the freakiest out of all of us. Do you prefer pink or black? - Pink! - This kinda pink. - You know what, I'm not even gonna discriminate. I ain't had it yet, so I don't want it now. - It looks-- - Too pink. - Unwell done. Laina, is this too big? - Hell yeah. - Is that too big, you said? - Yeah, that's too big. - You said it's too big? - It's a seven. - I don't think that's too big, that looks about-- - I think the wrapping makes it look bigger. - That don't look big, that looks about-- - That is way too big. - It looks about normal. - So, what you need, something like this? - That looks little. - Smaller, what you gon' do smaller than that? - Put it up your butt. - I'm a little shy, I don't want everybody to know, like, what I do behind closed doors. I don't like dildos, period, I hate dildos. I only like vibrators. - But that's for when you're at home. - Vibrators are for amateurs, girl, you gotsta get-- - Vibrators is not for amateurs, that's not true. - People have been using the tub as a vibrator, or some type of, since you were like 10 years old. So, can you step up your game, please, and get like, better sex toys than a vibrator? We need more squirters in the world. - Listen, I been playing with myself so much, I feel like a pervert. - So, you gotta stick something in there to squirt? - More squirters would make the world a better place. I'm gonna also put that in my campaign. Squirters, more squirters to save lives. - Okay, here's the pro vibrators. - Bitch it's gold, that means it's gon' knock some dust off that pussy if it's gold. Seriously. - Nu-uh! With that toy, you could be there for a good hour. - No, that's absolutely ridiculous, no. - That's what you think? I wanna be an hour, I want my hand to hurt. I want my arm to hurt. - Oh, you one of them. So, Angel is definitely a freak. She tries to act all holy, but Angel was a five. Laina, she looks like she's a freak, she's a five. I'm more like a 10, though, yeah. - We also do have these. They're flavored kind, they're amazing. - You said flavored kind, so you can put it on a dick and then suck it off? - Uh-huh, like a lollipop. - Ooh, and they have the ones that make your mouth numb. - Bitch, hold on, wait, you put that dick in your mouth. - Hi, ladies! What are y'all in here doing, y'all know I don't fuck with toys. - Wait, you don't mess with toys? - No, I like real life stuff. - I'mma show y'all some real life stuff to do. - No, friend, I don't wanna try that type of stuff. - You need to. - Mm-mm. - Y'all are some old ladies. - She was trying to get me to get some shit to numb my mouth. - Right, you don't want nothing to numb your mouth? - You gon' bite the tip of the dick if your mouth numb. - I just feel like it's a term here that guys use in Atlanta called "sluttin' bitches out". The stuff that they was talking about, they wanted throat numbin' stuff. I stick to simpler stuff like, you know, sucking dick, having sex, I don't do all that extra stuff. It's just too much. - Do they have Anal Ease? - I'm sure they have Anal Ease. - I remember LeaLea was talking about Anal Ease. She was like, you gotta sit on it. - I could tell you how to Anal Ease. And then you can or you cannot have to use it. - I'm 'bout to go. - Okay, I'm sharing too many tips. - So, do you do it on the side, or do you sit on it, like, what? - You don't let nobody come from behind, 'cause they'll think they're on a porno and they'll fuck your ass up. - I did it from behind before, it was fine. I feel like anal sex, it's not for everybody. Of course you have to try it to see if you like it, but with the right chemistry, and of course the right alcohol. It hurts really bad, but once you get in there, it is the best feeling ever. - I don't wanna try it, I'll be okay if I go without. - Y'all bitches is boring. I see why y'all niggas be cheatin' on y'all. You don't suck dick, you don't ride, you don't do threesomes, you don't cook. What the Hell are you-- What the fuck, what the Hell? What you want him to stay around for? - They got anal beads, sis. - I see the anal beads. - Is you gon' wear them butt plugs they be wearin' at work? - I be seein' that shit. - It looks ratchet, but they be makin' money. - You like it? - What? - Why would you want something like that in your butt? I don't want a thong in my butt. - But I done talked to somebody about it, they said your ass get wet like your pussy do, so. - It do, that's why I said it's really good, try it! - No thank you. I'm afraid my ass might fall apart or something. - It's not gonna fall apart. - My favorite sex toy is probably, I have a few. Okay, I don't know the name of it, but you put the little gouges in your mouth, so when you're sucking dick, your teeth don't-- Well, I don't need it, because I don't use teeth anyway, but it's this thing you put in your mouth so when you're sucking dick, your mouth gets really, really wet, - You guys think about, like, speed dating. - Okay, you pick a few guys, I pick a few guys, we all pick a few guys, and then we do a speed dating, and just kinda see who comes to the speed dating. - We might need Stormy to regulate and see. Oh, you look at people's incomes, so you help me look up they income. - Okay, so we gon' do the speed dating? - When? - I dunno, soon, let's just all agree on it. No rappers. - I don't like rappers. - Ain't no rappers fixin' to go on no speed dating with us. - I'm past that phase. - Okay, and I just think honestly, nobody should tell somebody to come who they didn't fuck before, let's not do that. - No, we're not, I'm so glad you said that. - Well, I would be in trouble. - Girl, what, bitch? I wanna know what's behind that door that says "Stop". You know, stop means go. - So, what, they got some strippers back here? - I don't know! - Somebody suckin' some dick or something? - Oh yeah! - Next on the season finale of Beyond the Pole. - Today is my day! - I agreed to go to the speed dating because I thought it would be fun for one. I'm good, how you doin'? - What y'all want? Y'all want girlfriends, y'all want fuckbuddies? - Keep your head straight, look at that camera. Suck it, whatever you're doing to it. - I have been constantly busy. - Angel Kake is happy to have you. - Thank you. - You're not, and I meant it when I told you that I was gonna do my part to help you. - Thank you, babe. - Dime wanted to have an open relationship with her mate. - I could not love another woman. - But you'll have sex with one. - All negative energy. - This is for my mom abandoning me, my struggle. - Hi, LeaLea. - Hey. - You're in my home, you know me, you don't deal with each other. So, instead of you at least looking up, you looking down at your phone. Girl, I don't kiss ass. If people don't go by your rules, then you wanna be confrontational. - It's not about rules, it's just about-- - You need to give me a chance. Give me a chance! Go in or out, baby, it's your choice. - Do you feel like you being on this show is just gonna catapult your entire cosmetics brand? - I do definitely feel like being on this show is a platform for my cosmetic line. - Absolutely, it is, yes. - It's definitely why I was happy to be on the show, so, yeah, I definitely think it will help, I do. - Got a whole marketing strategy and all that worked out already. - Right, I do, right. - Right. You're one that wears your own makeup on a daily basis. - Yes, my goal ultimately would be to have a full face of cosmetics from my line, but I'm still working with chemists in the lab to figure out the best-- I have really oily skin, so when I come out with cream contouring, concealers, and full coverage, I want to have them oil-free. So, that's something I wanna offer that's really hard to find, really hard to come up with. So, that's what I just really want. Ultimately, I want you to have the look by La'Bri. That's what my tagline is, "Wear nothing but La'Bri." 'Cause I want you to be able to do a full face with my cosmetic line. - La'Bri Cosmetics, yes. - Thank you! - Go, girl. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 