Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e4 - Up Your Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 4 - Up Your Game - full transcript 
 Laina models nude for a body painter while Angel Kake consults a plastic surgeon regarding downsizing her assets. Lea Lea learns a devastating secret from Ling Ling. Later all the ladies ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Beyond the Pole - In real life for real cause I'm gonna let you know I got like six personalities. Don't let one them mother fuckers come out on you girl. - You - That's what I'll do. Don't mother fucking play with me little girl. - Angel, she don't even know the situation, but she was really talking bad about you. - I don't even know her. - Well she knew you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You know my daughter she's sixteen now and I don't I'm gonna eventually tell her. - So you don't think she even thinks at all? - Girl when I leave out the house I have on my scrubs. - Justice said that her dad told her I dance. Like oh your momma a stripper. - He just really like just told her like that? - Uhhhh - As soon as I walk out the room everybody wants to talk about LeaLea. When I'm in the room, everybody is quiet as fuck. Like I don't like that. - What's the average income like per day? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - $1000 - So when we getting together again so I can show yall how to make more than that and keep your clothes on? - You was going through something in your life and you dropped the ball, man. - I'm sorry you guys, can I have a minute? - Let me find out you tryin to lure me somewhere. Oh poor Louie! Louie! - I made it. - I think the interview yesterday went really good with the lady from Rolling Out. - Yeah I had fun. And you left out of there all in a hurry yesterday. - Yeah cuz I didn't like the energy. Like I don't like uh I dunno when I walked in it was like a little tension with me and LeaLea I guess because that day when you guys went to Stormy's and before I got there I guess she had gotten into it with Stormy. - Yeah. Why would LeaLea get upset because of that? - Cause she said I said she wanted, which I did, I said she always wants to be the center of attention. - Okay - And she was like don't bring up her name. You know. So I'm like okay well I'm sorry I brought up your name. I actually defended you and unfortunately it's the truth in all aspects. - First of all you don't have to apologize for the way that you feel. If that's how you feel, that's how you feel. You didn't have to defend her either so I mean if she don't want you to bring up her name then don't. Just let her fight her own battles but if you felt like she always want the attention then uh. - I like LeaLea so I think she has an amazing story, she's a beautiful girl, and I wish I had that kind of confidence because I would be really uh I would really be in Hollywood girl. Nobody could tell me nothin. - As much shit as we put up with in the club, for one of us to give our opinion about something or talk about it, nobody should get offended. Like that's the purpose of all of us talking and having these conversations. So we can see what we need to do to change the views and how people do view us. - Right. - I do feel like I'm gonna go out and travel to actually go to the different schools and mentor young women who always had questions about dancers and they didn't know who to go and talk to about it. And I'm actually doing my turkey drive so - That's gonna be nice. I'm comin. - You gonna come? - Yes. - Thank You! - I can't cook no turkey girl, but I'mma come bring one. - You can bring your son if you want to. I'm gonna invite some of the girls, if they do decide to come, my organization is basically for the kids to give back to the community and things like that. You think the other girls will come? - Yeah. Why not? I think it's awesome Dime is wanting to give back to the community. I'm here to help, go pass out turkeys, do whatever we need to do. - It's getting cold and I'm ready to go. - So Laina, you never been painted before, right? - No I haven't. - Well I'm about to take your body paint virginity right now so, you mind getting naked? - Of course. I'm a stripper. Today I'm getting painted by Ed the Artist for a shoot. I heard he was a very good painter. - Look at you. - I don't like not too many people seeing my naked body and they not paying a little homage to my dancing business, I feel a little nervous. Little nervous. - Yeah. You don't mind if I cover your tattoo do you? - No. - Hey Laina. It was very very interesting for me to go in and see the body paint. I was just interested to see was she gonna come out of her shell cause she's so quiet. You seem like you are just so nervous and you on stage naked all the time. - No it's my first time getting body painted. Letting a man just touch on me. I'm not getting paid. - How's everything with your mom? I remember we talked. You talk about your mom. How's everything with that? - Well I went back to Minnesota to try to find her. - Mmm-Hmm - Couldn't find her but she's still out on the streets. My sister says she just recently talked to her, so. - I'm sure that's gotta be tough for yall. - It is. I just want to have like a one on one conversation with her face to face. - Do you have any expectations out of how that conversation is gonna go? Or you just wanna kinda go in with an open mind? - Well it's probably gonna be a healing process for the both of us cause she always wanna play the victim too so. We both need therapy. - It's like this missing piece. This hole that you just gotta fill it. - It's gonna be a lot of tears flowing. - That's healing. It's a healing process. But give her that. Give her that gift to say, look mom, you weren't there, but everything about you not being there made me who I am today, so take comfort in that. You did teach me something. You taught me how not to be like you. I'm getting emotional but I can't imagine having to be a mom without being a mom. She had to be a mother to herself, and then she literally had to raise her own mother so as a child, it's not something you should have to do. So I sympathize with her a lot. All those birthdays where you feel like she missed it will be worth it, so don't give up on her. Because life has been giving up on her so many times, and that may be what she needs. She may need to know that I'm worth that fight to somebody. Just like you wanna feel like you're worth the fight to her. I'm worth your fighting for me mom. She wants to know that she's worth the fight to you too. Does that make any sense? - It makes a lot of sense. - Counseling will definitely assist Laina because we all need someone to talk to and we ought not to be afraid of that. I think that it's great to have someone else that doesn't know anything about your mom and knows nothing about you, that can see it and put it together in a bigger perspective so that the healing process can begin. Well when you're ready, I think I have a counselor that you could talk to about it, would probably really you know help you, even if just to let you vent, like as you know that's what we need sometimes just to get it out. We don't necessarily need somebody talking to us. We just need somebody to listen to us. - Aww. Bless you. - I would hug you girl but you got this paint all over you and I don't wanna mess up Ed's work so. - Hey, how are you doing? Good to see you. - Hey! - Angel called me up today and she said Stormy wants to talk to you, we're gonna go smell some fragrances and some scrubs. So I said, sure, why not. - This is iwi FRESH. We are a farm to skin spa. And what we do is partner with local farms and we hand pick all the fruits and vegetables and we make skin care recipes. But you can try testing them out now. So we have a little bit of everything. - I wanna do tha I love me some chocolate. - So we got "love me some chocolate" So try that. - I love iwi fresh spa, it's amazing. She grows all of her products so I like totally admire someone like that. - Herbal Tea - Thank You - Cheers to the - New beginnings - Yes, and no more adult boys - I like your hair like that. So what's your plan? What's goin on with the um - As far as my wigs I've been googling a few companies that I can you know try to see who has the good hair, who hair is colorable. Cuz if they're for cancer patients I want it to be the best quality hair possible. I don't want it to be something that's irritating them. So I'm still doing my research as far as which wig companies to go with. - Have you started to learn how to measure and all of that stuff? Have you gotten to that part? - I haven't gotten to there yet. - Well I got somebody here that she's actually doing that. - I would definitely like to meet her if you think I'm - No I want you to meet her, it's about relationships, you gotta connect with the right people. You get the right relationships and you got the right attitude, doors will open, girl. - Well I have like a spiritual advisor and she's just like - A spiritual advisor? - Yeah - Oh my you so Hollywood and blonde. - I do, whatever, whatever. Want me to tell you what's funny? - She's a psychic. - She told me that I was gonna meet somebody like you. - Oh my god girl. And what she said about me? - She said that you're gonna meet a lady, and you guys aren't gonna start off on good terms and you guys are gonna be really close. I promise she said that. My spiritual advisor told me that I'm gonna come in contact with a woman she used to live the same type of lifestyle that I live and she's very wealthy now, and that woman is gonna take me under her wing. I do feel like it is Stormy, because she just came out of nowhere and the first thing she said was I want to sit down and talk with you. - But like I'm honored to meet somebody who can maybe point me in the right direction. - Exactly, I love it. - And I just wanna like I just wanna take any information that you could pass onto me - Well here's one thing I would like to share with y'all before y'all leave. That you have to always have a positive mental attitude. Your attitude determines your altitude, seriously. There are doors that can open for you because of your attitude. And there are doors that can close for you because of your attitude. I decided that I wanted to meet Dime and Angel again because I like them and if a person has something to give you and they're willing to freely give it to you, don't let your attitude get in the way. My goal is to save y'all from y'all selves. Seriously. Cause nobody came to me and saved me or rescued me from the club. I just woke up one day - I don't need to be rescued from the club. - Yes you do - Because I can leave the club I make very good money. Like first of all, I put myself in this environment, I can take myself out of this environment. If I still got it and I can go in there and make a few stacks a night, then why not? But I don't need to be rescued and I definitely don't need her to rescue me. I date boys and athletes. One of them could have been rescued me. I don't want nobody to rescue me. I'm my own damn lifeguard. - It's a drug. - Per-se - You get addicted to the fast money and you don't wanna ever stop. - I made a goal for myself, my affirmation is July 25th I don't know what, how, - Until Georgia Power turn your damn lights off - I cannot. - July 25th I'm not offended by it because I wanna rescue my damn self out the club. - Leave her alone. The attitude that you have right now is a good attitude. You're not getting content with being in the club. - Right. - It was a pleasure being with you girls tonight but I really want y'all to come to my vision board party that I'm gonna be doing. And I want you to bring your two little peas in a pod, LeaLea and LingLing. - I love vision board parties, so it would be great to do with her. Hopefully it's empowering, that we all are able to gain something from it this time. - Bring that positive energy too, to my vision board party, cause it's about creating a future vision with great energy, okay. Alright? - Alright. I don't like the way she delivers things. She may have good intentions, but the way she comes off is kind of like you know, I'm the boss, you do what I say. I may not be on her level, but I feel like I'm a boss myself. - Alright, bye bye. - You kicking us out this time? - I think I own everything. - Today is the day that I get to meet with Dr. Nicholas Jones to see about getting my butt reduced. And Dime she is coming with me. Hi, nice to meet you. - Dr. Jones, nice to meet you. - Hi I'm Dime, how are you? - How are you? Dr. Jones. So what brings you here today? - Um was looking to see if you guys do butt reductions? I don't know if you're familiar with silicone removal, but something to that effect. - Okay, tell me a little bit more about what you've had done in the past. - I got it done when I was 18. - What - And it was a bio gel - Okay - It was a little messed up and every time I would try to get it fixed to make it even out, it would get bigger. Now I've got this big ole butt and I don't want it anymore. - Okay. And what kind of problems are you having right now? - I don't have any problems, my butts really soft, I don't have any discoloration, I've got like tons of treatments done to it. I went for like two years for cortisone injections to remove like any hard scar tissue or nodules or bolivars or whatever they call them. - Granulomas. - Granulomas. Yeah. - Right, now have you had any other procedures done? - I had my breasts done. - Besides the breasts? - Mm-hmm. - Well typically for the silicone injections basically what will happen is your body sees the silicone as a foreign object, so your immune system reacts, and it's cells attack the area and you can have all sorts of complications. As far as the treatment, there's really no good treatment. There's no real way to remove all of it, because it's kind of dispersed throughout your tissue, and as long as you're not having any problems I don't think there's much that you can do about it. - Anything that's gonna happen to my butt now would have already happened. But I'm not worried because I don't have anything that's actually deformed at this point. - Lot of girls are starting to fly out the country - Right - Like Columbia - Right, to get cosmetic surgery because it's cheaper - Dominican Republic - And the difference between going to a plastic surgeon is dealing with the complications. Like you go to Columbia, you have a surgery done, you come back here, you have a problem, who's going to take care of you? Who's gonna be responsible if you have a problem? - Is there a way that they can contour? Did you say that some doctor said something about contouring and... - Yeah they were just saying that they could liposuction it out. So I was hoping you could lipo it out but - No, no. That doesn't even make sense. Because like I said, I, we, don't even know where the silicone is. It's not possible. - Okay. Well I'm sad. - Even though Dr. Jones told Angel not to bother her butt or her hips or anything, I know it's something that she really wants to do and it may help her in certain areas. I think it's best that maybe she go to another recommendation if she should bother her butt or not. - If you ever decide that you want one of those other procedures. Or if you ever develop any symptoms that we mentioned, we're here for you. - Can I say I got cellulitis? I got some cellulitis going on back there, some cellulite. - Well cellulitis is that's an infection. - Oh I thought that meant you had cellulite. - No cellulitis is an infection. And so really. - I mean I didn't waste this doctors appointment for no reason. - Do you have any questions? - You wanna go have some drinks with us? - Oooo. Wow. I would love to. But after I leave work today I have to to basketball practice. You should come, you can come to a game though. I'm the coach, we undefeated. - So you down? - Listen. - He undefeated. - Real deal. - Okay well thank you, nice meeting you. - Nice to meet you as well, be safe. - Thanks. - Hey - Hi Bri. - How are you? - Good. Why you always late? Girl you messing up my money. - I'm sorry. - I'm a busy woman you can't be throwing off my schedule. - I know. I'm so sorry. I really wanna get Stormy's insight to see what she thinks about my new place. - This place is really nice. - Thank you, you like it? - I think it's really really nice. I remember we talked about the pop up stuff and I'm proud of you girl. - So that's why I popped up. See? I took your advice. - Wow you listened. I love it, I love it. - First of all, do you like my accent wall? - Yeah, I'm trying to figure out this - It's paint. - Oh so this is not wallpaper? - No it's actually - So you spent a couple dollars on some paint that's your business. You can have on Louis Vuitton and then wall cheap wallpaper at walmart. Okay good. I like that okay. So when I walked in and I saw her boutique I was happy for her. She's young, you know, she stepped out on faith, you know I'm happy that she didn't do anything too big, that she couldn't handle. And so the mere fact that she put her money where her mouth was, to me was impressive. What are you gonna do, like I remember you said make up, you said boutique. - I'm gonna put two stations in here, a make up station, and a hair station. - Okay so this is more like a beauty bar. - Right. - But let me ask you this though, are you not concerned like where you gonna get the traffic from? Like what are you gonna do in terms of marketing you know? - That's why I invited you here, to see what you would tell me like some good ideas. - So you wanna figure out, what is your demographic? And not to be funny, but are you trying to cater to the strippers? - Right - You know what I mean? Are you tryin to cater to... - Cuz I know that's who would support me, honestly. - No they won't, girl please. - But they do though like at my pop up shops it was like majority girls. - That's one time, you talking about 365 days a year. - Right, you right though. But I would cater to everyone - If that's the case though, that's okay. - Regardless of what she has to say, it's still my business, you know I do respect her opinion but it's not like she's paying for me to do it. - So that's good, I like it, I like it. Okay. But why you got on a turtleneck today? Girl don't tell me that boy done marked you up again. Girl it's 2017. - I knew you was gonna say that. - That's embarrassing. For real. Tell him he want to mark you, he can go down to Pristine Jewelers, he can buy you like a five carat for starters. - Okay - But tell me who is he. - Um he's a producer. - Uh he a music producer for real? - No he's really a producer for a group. - Has he produced in order to afford you, and you got on a Louis Vuitton, you got on Rolexes, you not dancing no more like that, so okay. He produce something. - Yeah - Okay - Better not be no dude in the streets girl. Don't do that. - No he's not he's really not. - If he is I hope you help him get out. - He's a good boy. - Oh for real? - Yeah - Girl you don't want no good boy, you lie. - It's something different. - Girl he's not no good boy. - That's what I like about him, he's something different. - When I look at La'Bri I see a younger version of myself. I didn't even realize that I see someone who doing what she's doing but she doesn't really wanna do it but she doesn't know what else to do. I also see that she's been extremely hurt. I notice that she puts up these hard walls because in the club life you have no choice but I see straight through her because she reminds me of me. She really does. And I see a bright future for her. I feel as if she can be someone that I could help prevent to be a casualty. And so because of that I do have a sincere genuine connection with her. And a love for her as well. Oh. So now you know I'm mad with you about your crazy little friends that came to my house the other day, right? - I'm so embarrassed about that. - What's wrong with her? Something is wrong with her. - I just feel like both of you guys rub each other the wrong way. - Cause I don't like negative energy - Right - I don't and I'm real mad that she made me act like a donkey for real I'm embarrassed. But sometime that version needs to come out. Alright cool so I guess I'm ready to go. - Okay - Your um thing cute - Thank you you look cute too you know I like that - I got those shoes kind of similar to that but yours kind of look better so now I'm mad. So I'mma go get the other ones. - Everybody be so focused on like marry marry but if I get me like a good solid ass nigga - I don't need to leave a contract. - I want me and my nigga to go around smashing these hoes. - Oh you wanna fuck. - I want an open marriage like sis let me hold your hair back while you suck the dick. You know what I'm saying? - I don't wanna fuckin see her do nothing with him I wanna see her do somethin with me - Oh I don't like girls like that - That's cool but I like I mean I would let a bitch eat my pussy here and there before so I can't say that it's not a good feeling. - I wanna be fun for me - This is my thing. I do want to see somebody like literally suck my man's dick because I want to see if you can do it better than I can. - Yeah. - Now you can suck the dick but you cannot - See that's why I can't find no nigga who want to fuck shit. - Yeah, they can suck it all day. - So Stormy set up a consultation for me to go meet with this lady who she knew made wigs. Stormy felt that since I wanted to make wigs for kids that I should meet with someone who does this every day. So I agreed to go ahead to the consultation. All of her wigs was nicely put on display so I can see what wigs I like and different hair textures. - Hey how are you? - I'm good how are you? - Good, I'm Yvonne. Nice meeting you. - Nice to meet you as well. - Yes so have a seat. Where's your home girl? - Oh she's running a little late. - She's running late, you know how long? - Uh it's okay go ahead I'll fill her in. - Okay so we'll move right along. - Well you have some nice wigs here, very nice. - Thank you thank you so much. Stormy when she came in the other day she told me a lot of great things about you and she mentioned that you definitely would benefit from taking the class. So we definitely going to move into the right direction so we can get you into making these units and get you on your way. - Okay Yvonne had some really nice hair units. I would definitely buy a wig from her cause her hair looks like top notch quality. - Today we're gonna talk about custom units. I've got a couple of pamphlets for you guys. I'll just set hers in her chair - Okay yeah - And then we'll just kind of go over the custom unit process. - Well let me give you a little about my company first. - Okay - Um I actually want to cater to the children. With alopecia, cancer, so do you cater to children wigs as well? Or is it just adults? - Regardless if it's an adult size head or a child's head it's all about getting the right canvas head that's suitable for a child. - Okay so my goal is to kind of make them feel a lot better about themselves. - Giving them a more natural look. - Right, their heads are sensitive. - Very sensitive - So have you ever worked with anyone? - I have worked with adults. I haven't worked with kids but I'm sure it's kind of the same spectrum. - I would wish that she had more information on patients who suffer from like lukemia or a cancer. Because that's by goal. To focus on those particular patients. With Yvonne she just knows how to make the wigs I need you know a more in depth information. - As far as texture goes. - You know what I like, you know what I like - Right the curly hair really gives you a really natural feel, it makes it look very natural and organic. - How long typically does your units last? - Um - Because I've got some bad hair before and I've got some hair that I've had like maybe two years. - Mmm-hmm so what you'll learn in class is just teaching you how to construct that unit where you getting that durability from it and it's gonna last you at least a minimum of two year. - Okay I thought that I was going to go there and leave with a lot of knowledge and something that I can go home and google and say hey I learned this so let me see how I can incorporate it into my business. I don't wanna say it's a waste of time but it was more of okay I already knew this so why am I here? So okay thank you so much. - No questions do you have anymore questions? - No - Are you sure? - Can I get that wig? - Oh I got you - Can I go ahead and just take it home with me? - We're gonna take that out and put this one back in. - Thank you again so much - Girl you are so welcome - Sorry again my friend couldn't make it I'm sorry. I'mma rearrange consult for her to come - It's okay we'll get her back here soon. - Can I take her packet too? - Yes absolutely take that, make sure she get it. - Okay thank you - Have a good one hun - You too. So I invite Laina to come out to the consultation so she can learn about the wigs since she say she wanna make wigs. But Laina does not even show up to the consultation I literally sat there and waited on this girl for two hours What the hells? - Girl I'm so sorry you know how Atlanta traffic is. - Oh my god but two hours late though? - Yeah I missed a lot? - Yes. What took you so long? - The traffic - Mmm-hmm so you wanna head over to Anna's with me? - Yeah I'mma just ride with you. - Okay After me and LeaLea and Angel went to pole class I decided to look for a pole class teacher myself so I found some girls who work at Magic City and they are beasts on the pole. So I decided to invite all the girls out. - Hello ladies - Hi - Welcome to Magic City Okay well I didn't take pole classes I just kind of taught myself well, not taught myself, watched other people pole dance. That's how I learned to climb a pole Why you sitting down? - I'm nervous and this is high like for real. - Stand up, you gotta get used to it, we gotta get you on the pole. Okay so pretty much we're gonna teach you how to climb up the pole. I don't know technique so I'mma be honest with y'all. Okay so how I climb the pole your right shin right here, and my right arm, left over right. Up. Down. Okay do any of y'all put baby oil on? - Drenched in it. - Drenched? Are you serious? You came to a pole class and you wanted to drench yourself in oil? - I don't wanna be ashy. - It's fine I have ice. - Oh you got some dry hands? You definitely gonna need it. - For girls who really can't do the poles. - Won't be trying to climb on nobody's high stage I'm gonna stay on the floor and we gonna take baby steps but until then I'm just gonna twerk and just keep moving like that. - She's scared of heights. - You could have at least made her twerk across the stage. - Left leg I mean right leg - Right leg, yep. Left over right. - Do I have to go all the way up this thing? - You don't have to go all the way up just pull yourself up and get comfortable with it. - Ooh yeah. - We'll see you later - Come down the same way you went up - Oh y'all gonna drop me. - No we not. Loosen your legs a little. - Put your feet down. Use your arms. There you go. Straighten your legs a little. - Good job - You getting it! You getting it! That's all that matters. - Alright, so we gonna do this. - You playing. No ma'am. Never. Nope. Where's my net? Let me pay this lady because she's amazing. - They say they want us to do that? - I be scared. - I can do that on the floor. - I can't even do that shit on the floor. - This why I can't find no man - They going up and down that pole and all I'm doing is just shaking a little leg here and there. I know some dudes wondering like, what be going on in that bedroom? - Pay the lady so we can go home. - That's why I can't find no man cause they ass got 'em with all the fucking tricks and shit. - Girl I'mma tell y'all before I started dancing did y'all do that too go to like strip clubs and scout that shit out - Girl I was in the minor. - I was in the white clubs and gentlemen clubs when I first started. - I went to the club girl and I was like I'm gonna go in there and I'm gonna see how these ladies be dancing. And girl the lady was on stage girl and she was just real like she was real almost majestic like she was moving but it had this sass to it too. - Where was this at? - It was Memphis because that's where I'm from. - Was it a gentleman's club? - Yeah it's gentleman's club. - Like yeah I like that, that's where I started gentleman's club. - And I said oh I'mma do that but I'mma do it better. You know what I mean? I was that kind of person, I'm like I'mma learn how to do that but I'mma do this shit so much better cause I'm scared of heights so I was like I can't climb no poles, and shake this ass, I'm about to have to shake this thing. And honey it's paying off girl. Now I can teach other people girl. Lookie there. Look at how that worked out. Walked in a strip club one day and now I can teach other folks how to do strippin. I don't know if that's a good thing or not. But I ain't trying to keep them from it either. If they gonna be strippers, they just gonna be strippers. - No they gonna be strippers - Um today I'm meeting with Andrew Michael Phillips a photographer who reached out to me on social media and we're gonna do a shoot for cancer survivors and a couple other things I'm trying to do in the community. - Ready? Up in 3, 2, 1. Boom. Just like that. That's gorgeous. Let's try that one more time. Ready and 1, 2 up. Boom. The whole reason why I'm liking and why I'm using the pink and everything like that is because of your story. So seeing your story, seeing that you pushed through it, you persevered and you're coming even further. So amazing. - Everybody knows cancer is a monster. You know what I mean? It's ugly. Like it's very very ugly. But there's beauty in the struggle. - Yes. - You know there is beauty in the struggle and I wanted to kind of show that you know. Because it's not about what you go through, it's about how you go through it. - And so many people can look at you and say man you survived and you're pushing through. I wanna be like her. - No I mean I get it. I think because of the fact that I think people think that once you hear that oh cancer free phone call and then that's it. - Right. - No there's so much more. You have to pick up the pieces of your life. So this piece is more important than just showing the story. It's shows how you pick the pieces up of your life after a struggle. A lot of times I'm on stage naked every night, full covered, if that makes any sense. But this is the first time that I get to be fully covered and naked. - Would you be opposed to being top down but just covering? Let's try that then. - I'm gonna show off these new tits. - Cause everything you just said was so powerful. - Hello Hello Sorry to cut you guys off. - It's LingLing - Today I'm shooting with Andrew Michael Phillips and I come in and I just hear LeaLea and Andrew talking. And she's telling him how she overcame breast cancer. So I kind of just creeped to the side and just listen and I just kind of take it all in. Like I didn't know whether just to interrupt or you know kind of just listen and really hear somebody else's story. - Alright. Ready. 3, 2, 1, up. Good. I think I got the shot. - Thank you - I feel that the photo shoot went great I got to see her amazingly work in great action. She had me smiling the whole time. - I'm so excited to see you. - I'm just really shocked to come in and kind of hear everything that you know you're going through and you went through. That's so strong. - Oh yeah - Like I really haven't met anybody else that's my age frame that's in the industry and you know you beat yours, correct. - Oh yeah, I just celebrated one year cancer free. - Congratulations. I haven't told anybody this yet, but a few years ago I noticed some spots on me. I though maybe I just knocked myself, bruises, you know in the middle of my sleep. But um I decided to get it tested because it was not going away. I'd have it there for weeks and start spreading and I actually was diagnosed with melanoma. I have stage two skin cancer. I'm currently fighting it, so now when people see me they say oh you know you're being abused, you know you're getting beaten up by your man. You're going through things, you know, this is just part of it. I have it all over my body. From my hands to my feet, to my face, my neck. You know, my butt. Everything and I - I'm about the say the same thing to you that people used to say to me. Well you don't look like you sick. You don't look like any of that. And I know that's so ignorant. But I really cannot believe it. - I know, shocking, right. - Like now, I feel like I have to take care of you now Like I feel such an obligation to do that. Because I know what that is like. - My first year I was in denial. I'm I was in such a bad depression, I didn't know who to talk to about it I didn't know who to really tell. I told my family and they didn't really care they kind of brushed it off. You know, so it was just like I really had no support so I was like okay, all I really have is me. I gotta really just figure it out. Not give up. Not give up. Not give up. I think I might try and do this the all natural route. - Right - And so far now I've been ten months completely vegan hopefully I can take it that route without having to go through chemo, you know? - Yeah - I'm kind of scared of that. - Well I think honestly had I known what I know now. Chemo probably would have been my last resort too. It definitely wouldn't have been my first one but because I had never had cancer before, so you know you just you get scared. You have got to go through that. You have to realize, either I'm gonna fight, or I'm gonna let it kick my butt. So when you decided to fight, what was your turning point? - I'd have to just say it was when my son was like ma you're going to be okay - Yeah - And I'm like you know what, my son needs me - I think that's probably why I'm so in love with my daughter because just think about had she not been here I would have never known I was sick. So Maleah is probably the best thing I never knew I was gonna need. Literally. When I first got diagnosed, Maleah was three months old. And I didn't hold her again until she was about nine months old. Because I was in the hospital for a long long time. So I went through post partum depression really bad. More so mentally too because I was telling myself look if I'm gonna die, I'm not gonna get close to this baby because that's not fair to the kid. Maleah was upstairs crying and I remember saying somebody needs to go get that baby because she's just upstairs crying. And I could barely walk, like again, I had been in the wheelchair and everything. I'm like oh I gotta drag myself upstairs to get this crying baby that I really don't wanna pick up. In that moment, I saw how she saw me. I saw exactly how she saw me and in that moment I knew, like I absolutely knew, that - Don't cry - I knew I couldn't give up because when this baby touched me it was kind of like she recharged my battery. She shocked me back to life. And I knew that life for me was never gonna be the same. Not just with cancer, but my entire outlook on it. Because not only did I always said that I wanted a purpose. And it was like this is my purpose staring me right in the face. - I do feel very comfortable and more closer with LeaLea knowing that she is a cancer survivor. There's something there that most people can't relate to us on and we have that bond. - Next on Beyond the Pole - Would y'all like a turkey? Would you like a turkey? - Always pay it forward because one day somebody had to help me, one day somebody will have to help me again. - Are you a spiritual advisor? A prophet? A psychic? - You need to fall back and breathe and be in a place of quietness. - Hey hey - I've known young Jock for some time and I wanna ask him would he be willing to help do the fundraiser save the tatas. - I lost a aunt. I lost other breast cancer. My sister was diagnosed with breast cancer - I just you know like just taking on too much. - Who's taking care of you? - So I went searching for love in all the wrong places basically he was pimping me. - You put your tongue out every time you think about it - That's how I suck on my straw. - I bet you do. - Laina is this too big? - Yeah - It's a seven. - That looks little. - We really gonna see who the freakiest out of all of us. - You just use your front juices for your back juices. - Smart girl. - If they see another challenging situation in your life and you're not even 30. - So I have stage two melanoma. Which if you don't know is skin cancer. It's external but it spreads internally. It's a very aggressive cancer. - Right - It could spread to my lungs, it could spread to my heart, it could spread anywhere, my blood system, my bones. People don't see it like that. When I got diagnosed, I was - Devastated - Such a bad depression. I was like you know I'm just gonna let it win. I don't have my son, I don't have this, I don't have that, and I was like you know what, your little boy is doing wonders, he needs mom. - Yes he needs his mom. - That's gonna be right there rooting for him. I've been at stage two now for a few years and - Really? - I've changed my diet - That's what I was going to ask you - I've used every experimental drug possible I've used creams, bleaching, I keep telling myself, you know, I'm gonna beat it. - With you having been diagnosed with cancer and you also being a dancer. How do you just juggle the two? - At first, I felt like I had to stop or give up one because of the other. And I think when I started to do that, I started feeling worse. Because it wasn't normal. Music is so therapeutic for me. I'm not I don't drink and I didn't start smoking until I got sick so it was like medicine for me. Like I have to get back to being myself if I want to beat this thing. - Did you have any surgeries or? - At first I had two lumpectomies where we were just going to take the lumps out. After that, the lumpectomies didn't work. The cancer was still there. I was opting to get the mastectomy. I was like, take 'em off I don't need 'em. And them my doctor was like you too young why don't you want some breasts? I'm like because I don't wanna go through this again. - Exactly. - He was like well you can't get breast cancer from fake boobs. I'm like well load me up. it's like having a Lamborghini with some rims on em. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 