Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e6 - Have Vision - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 6 - Have Vision - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Beyond the Pole. - Listen, reality show people, I will fuck me a motherfucker up, believe that! - Let her go! - So I want you to be a good example of how I mopped yo ass across the floor. - So now you know I'm mad with you about your little crazy friends that came to my house the other day, right? What's wrong with her? Something is wrong with her. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I just feel like both of you guys rub each other the wrong way. - But you not gone come in my house and be disrespectful. - Could you help me with my cosmetic line? Like I need a really dope promo piece. - Just how soon are you ready? - Tomorrow. - Shit, we shooting tomorrow, you ready? - So I wanna talk to you a little more about the situation with my son. - You was going through something in your life and you dropped the ball, man. - My mom, she didn't raise me. My mom's been on drugs since I've been born. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - So have you been staying clean, mom? - Trying. - You trying? - All those birthdays you feel like she missed, it will be worth it. - To release that energy, sometimes when you do some physical activity. Would that be something you would be interested in doing? - Yes it would. - The King and Queens of Tomorrow is my nonprofit organization that I started. - Thank you for coming out, no problem! - Hey, hey. - I've known Yung Joc for some time and I wanna ask him, would he be willing to help do the fundraiser, Save the Tatas. - Cause I mean I lost a aunt, I lost her to breast cancer. My sister was diagnosed with breast cancer. - Right, right. - You know, so I'm definitely with it. - Okay so we gonna do the speed dating? - Okay and I think honestly nobody should tell somebody to come who they done fucked before. - Well I'm gonna be in trouble. - Thank you! - So me, La'Bri, and Angel are all meeting the guys that we met on Instagram for the speed dating today. And hopefully the girls picked some very handsome guys. - What are you guys toasting to? - Tonight. - Tonight. - I agreed to go to the speed dating at the sex shop because I thought it would be fun, for one, and I mean, I like drinking, so shit, wine tasting's fun. - Hey. - How are you? - I'm good, how you doing? - Good, good. - I wanted to introduce you to my friend, Dime. - Hi, hey how are you? - Hi fellas, how you guys doing? - Richie, nice to meet you. - I'm Bri, what's your name? - Nice to meet you, Dime. - I've seen you around. - Hi, how you guys doing? - Hello, how are you doing? - Hi, how are you? - Hello. - Hey, how you doing? How are you? I'm Dime. - Is any of y'all trainers? Okay, yeah I'm lazy, I just waist train. I don't work out. I just wear my waist trainer all fucking day. I took it off before I came in here. - Does it work? - Yes. - Alright. Dang, it's doing more than working. - Something's happening. I ain't seen the process but yeah. - Yes. - And what about you? - Well, I have a few nonprofit organizations. - Oh that's awesome. - Where I make wigs for kids and things like that 'cause I'm in the school system. So I have also a nonprofit where basically, we give back to the community. - That's cool. - Gonna be a good relaxation moment for you. - It sure will, I'm pretty good tasting my wine. - Hey, how are you? - Hi, how are you? - Oh, just in time - Well guys, it was nice talking to you. - It's a pleasure, it's a pleasure. - Same here. - Your attention right quick, gentlemen. Y'all follow me right quickly? - Alright. - 'Scuse me, man. - 'Scuse me. No, you're good, bro. - Boy, you looking like a whole snack. Boy looking like a... - See anybody you're interested in? - Yeah, it's about maybe one or two. - One or two, okay. - What about you? - You know me. Plus, you know me and Nas still going through it, so. And then I'm just kinda - Oh. - Hi. - Girl, y'all gon' be back together. You know how that goes. - Right, that's the reason why I don't need to be looking right now. - La'Bri and Nas' relationship is like how most typical young relationships are. One minute, they're on, next minute, they're off. I just know that's not something I could do right now. If your ass leave, you leave. That's it. So, yeah, Angel, she's not answering her phone. I don't know where she at. - So let's hook the guys up with the groups of threes and see which ones are the best fit for you or who you like. - I already know who I want but okay okay okay. I think when I walked in and we made eye contact, it was like, "Wow, finally." - This is giving me La'Bri of Love vibes. I need my own show. - Bitch you got a man. What the hell is you talking about? - I still wanna get my show. They be having people, too. - What kind of gym pants you wear? - I'll wear whatever you want me to wear. - You wear gray sweatpants or basketball shorts? - Basketball shorts. - Thank Jesus! - Hey everybody. Good evening. - I am-- Fellas, look at you guys, you guys look nice and handsome. - Isn't she gorgeous? - Oh I had just did something before I got here. - Girl, who you visiting before you got here? - You forgot to button it up. - I'm joking. So you got rid of your girlfriend. - Huh? - You got rid of your girlfriend. - I never had a girlfriend. - He had a girlfriend? - He had something? - I never had a girlfriend! - Not this guy. - He had a love mark on his neck or something. - That was a tattoo. - Is that a hickey? - No, not at all. - Tell her that. - I told you. Well I told her. I think he a man ho. - No one remembers it. - If she remembers it, I believe it. - What do we keep talking about? - So was it like a little hickey or a big hickey? So who in the hell else got a girlfriend at this damn table? Because I didn't know - I don't need to be grouped into the category of having a girlfriend. - Uh, uh. So you want to date him, okay. - First of all, you told me this man had a hickey on him a few weeks ago. - Who don't got a hickey on their neck? - She still stalking him, what you talking about? You know it take a whole month before we get another dick before we move onto the next nigga. You said you don't have kids? - No. - And how old are you? - 31. - You don't want kids? - Yes. - Why you ain't have them? - Pull out game strong. - Okay that's not like good. So you guys have the same problem he has? - I was working, I was working, trying to get established first. - Oh. - That's wassup, and you, you just young still. - I like that. - I just, I never had, not condom sex. - I will fuck your life up. It's, but, yeah, I don't need to-- - I might need it. - So what-- - Boy, this is some grown woman shit over here. - Right quickly ladies, we gotta switch out and bring in some other guys. - See you later Kansas City. - Richie comes around the table and he literally just takes my chair and just scoops me out. He's like, "Let me get a hug." He's smelling all good, looking all delicious. Nice meeting you honey. - We're gonna wake up. - Huh? - Okay? - Okay. Thank you. - I really think Dime and Richie are hitting it off, you know, she said he was looking like a snack and he pulling her chair out and all that, you know, like gentleman shit, so, I think I did a good job with thinking two would be a cute little match for each other. - 'Cause I like this woman already, 'cause she about the business. - So what kind of business do you do? - I'm an IT architect, I do real estate investment. - I felt like Mama Bear at this table, 'cause I wasn't interested, except for I was interested in the guy who was a little, he had a weird personality but he was definitely on his money game. - So what do you wanna be when you grow up? - Listen, I don't know who you is, this man is conducting all the questions. Listen. - Okay. - Let's redirect this. - Alright, we gonna redirect this. - We gonna get to the questions? - One of them was just talking too damn much, he got on my nerve. - Whatcha y'all want? Whatcha y'all want? Y'all want girlfriends? Y'all want fuck buddies? Whatcha y'all want? - You gotta get to know somebody first, damn! - They know what they want. - Good lord. - But we got going on. Whatcha y'all want? - No, honestly, I'm looking to have somebody I could have a good time with. I like to travel, I like to go out of town. - You think because we're strippers, we're just fun out-of-town buddies. 'Cause you was like ooh. - He don't even know we were strippers. - Oh well, I mean... - You just told him. - Oops, sorry. - Let's talk about what's outside the club. - Yes. - So what, are you guys wanting kids? Anybody want kids? Anybody wanna get married? - I would love to get married and I would love kids. - I have a six and seven year-old, a boy and girl, so I don't want any kids. - Are you married? - I'm divorced. - Oh, you're divorced. - Oh, you all worn the fuck out. Two kids that's back to back and a failed marriage, your ass is tired. Shit. - Down the line, I would love to get married-- - Down the line sounds like a long ass time. - Why you make a bitch goddamn stop fucking with you, 'cause it's like, damn nigga, down what line? You got three more lines 'til you 30. What line you wanna go down. Yeah, y'all just here trying to see what the hell y'all can catch right quick. - It was nice meeting you guys, not you. - It's okay. - I see you in the streets. - The feeling's mutual. - So I am definitely happy that La'Bri told Richie to come because at first, I was just like, it's no hope, but that man is fine. - I definitely had fun at the wine tasting. Speed dating. Can I take the cup with me? - You can drink it real fast. - So today I'm meeting with two of the kids from my nonprofit, Zaire and Jaisean. I'm gonna follow up with them to make sure the kids are doing exactly what they said that they were gonna do. You already know what you want? - Mm-hmm. - You know what you want already too? Okay. - Thank you. - Grabbed that thing with the quickness, didn't ya. She wants salty caramel and I'll just take vanilla. - Thank you. - So how y'all been? - Good. - Really straight, working. - Uh huh. - You know I just got out this morning. - Got out of where? - I was incarcerated. - Jaisean. Is it behind a fight at school? - Yeah. 'Cause they had beat up security guard, you know they already took my life, so I deal'd, you feel me, I go back to them and they get me my little suspension or whatnot, but they said they had a warrant for my arrest for like two weeks but I didn't know so I paid mine and got out this morning. I been taking therapy though, but I ain't been working. 'Cause it's like, he a cracker, I mean, he a white person. Naw, he cool, he straight but it's like, when I be talking to him, it's like I can't talk to nobody, that ain't been there, been in my shoes, you feel what I'm saying. - Right. - So it's like, I can't tell him, he be like, okay okay okay okay, that's what I'm getting from him. - You decide what you gonna to school for? - Yes, civil engineering. - Okay. I met Zaire and Jaisean through me substituting at one of the high schools and Jaisean, he walks in the class late, he thought he was gonna come in and be disruptive, but after we spoke and we had some words, he was like, "You know this lady, she's pretty good." You and I talked about young girls when y'all graduate, the first thing you guys wanna do is be strippers. - Mm-hmm. - Why do you feel that everybody wants to be a stripper, once they graduate high school? - Maybe it's like an easy quick way to money and it's not like you selling your private, it's just like, it's entertainment. I feel like it's entertainment. It's the quick, easy route to money. - Okay, so Zari does not know that I dance. Of course I keep it a secret from my students, because I don't ever want them to feel like, "You're doing it, why can't I do it?" Do you still feel that's something you wanna do? - You wanna do that for real though? - No, I mean, I know, I don't think I could do it personally, but I support my friend. - I know 'cause we had that conversation and I kinda told you guys that's not the path to take, I couldn't tell you why and how I knew but... - The money would be great, but-- - But it's not, it's a lot of deeper than just the money. It's mentally... even your self esteem goes down at times. Ya know what I'm saying, and then you have some people who don't like dancers, whatsoever, and they're gonna be like, "Oh you a ho," - Right. - "You're this, you're that." They wanna do this lifestyle for the glitz and glam and it's not that at all. But when the show airs, they're definitely gonna know that I am a dancer and I am going to have a lot of explaining to do. Always gonna be here for y'all and you know that. - Of course. - And anything you need help with as far as college, you know I'm coming to your graduation, I already told you. I need you to stay out of trouble, 'cause I need you to be walking across that stage in your cap and gown. - I'm gonna do that, regardless. - And as for as with you, Imma catch up with you too, and keep me posted on college and everything. - Okay, I will. - Okay, let's finish up our ice cream and get up outta here. - Today, I meet with G, also known as G Visuals. He's a director here in Atlanta. I would really like for G to take my brand to the next level through this promotion. So it's basically like a commercial for my line. So I'm really excited 'cause it's gonna be my first commercial. - Chin's out, close your eyes, look up now. Lick your lips one time. Lick them one more time. Nice. - That was cute. Right, oh my god, that was cute. - And action. - I liked it. Yes, this says we're nothing but La'Bri cosmetics. - What's the tagline? Say it again? - We're nothing but La'Bri cosmetics. - Okay, I might have to get you saying that, that way we can put it at the end. So when we complete this project, what kinda, whatchu want, whatchu want the people, whatchu want the masters to be? So when I get together with my editor and everything and we kinda got the flow that you want. - I really want the ladies that wear my products to feel confident, unique, and empowered. I just want people to look at it bigger. You know, I don't know how that like, I want them to see it as as they see MAC or Sephora. - I got your email about making it a little edgy, that's why I put the orange in there. You cool with that? - I like that. For the next one, can we try another color? - Yeah, yeah, we get in there and do yours. - I am so-- - And cut, cut. Come over here and look this over, Shaunte. - I decided to take G's advice and use Shaunte Renee. She has a really pretty face and I love her lips and getting to tell her what I wanted to see her do, it was dope, I liked it, I enjoyed myself. - Let's change the background on the light and you need to own your shoulders. - Cover your biddies. There you go. Thanks. Put your hair behind your shoulders. Keep your hands straight, look at the camera. As you lick it, you gonna suck on it or whatever you doing to it. - I'm 100% confident in my promo, like I really think G nailed it, I nailed it, I'm just excited to see the finished product. - And got it. - How does one suck with it, is it with one hand, is it with two, - With a lotta spit? - It's like the ladies FNL show. Have you ever watched them do your feet? And they be like with two hands, up and down. - What like-- - And a whole bunch of lotion, yeah, you be like I got your game, - So that's how you suck a dick. - Yeah, you gotta try it that way. - Do you look at him in his eyes though? - Yes, ma'am. - I look at a nigga in his soul. - You give him that death stare. - Well you give them the death stare with a dance, goddang, I'm scared of you. - I gotta be all in them, like yes, - I be wanting a nigga be driving home goddamn, like this bitch, that's the type of shit.. - Today, I'm gonna shoot with my awesome photographer, Gio Mondelli, he shoots with all the celebrities, high-fashion models in Atlanta. I've been working with him for at least five years Lingling is going to be my model. And this is the new beginning for Angel Kake. What have you been doing lately? - So I have been gone a little while. I've been constantly busy. Running around, trying to get things in order, you know, really just been trying to network with my modeling. - That's nice. - I got to see my son, you know, got to spend time with him for his birthday. Can't believe he's eight. They grow up so fast, right? So I actually got to fly to the West Coast and see my son. You know it wasn't forever, but the little time I did get to spend with my son, it really refueled my heart with a lotta love. How old's your little boy now? - Seven, so they would be like perfect age to play. - Perfect. - What part of California? - He's in the Bay Area. - Oh right. - I actually didn't know that LingLing's son lived in California. Her hanging out with her son, that has to bring like tons of joy to her life. My line is for all sizes, and so most of my models are high-fashion and I thought she'd be really perfect. - I just wanna say thank you for you know, letting me be here with you, 'cause like, it just to me was like, she wants me? - Yeah, you're gorgeous. - Thank you. - So Angel Kake is happy to have you. - Thank you! - And so I brought tons of styles for you today. - I love the way this looks. - That looks perfect on you. Everything in my line, actually it goes on a high-fashion model, it goes on a really curvy girl, it can go on a plus-size model. - Don't lean forward. And just push your hips out to the side more. There we go. - Yes, exactly. - Keep your shoulders toward the camera. Good. - Perfect. - Okay. - How about an expression to open your mouth just a little tiny bit? Just use your eyes, okay? - I think she did a great job. It looked great, her makeup was good. We didn't do too crazy on the hair so it worked out really well. - Give me a little smile, just little, there we go. Good. That's good. Good. Alright, perfect. - Can I take some of the ones we just... - Yeah, we'll take a quick look here. - I feel that the photo shoot went great. I think for me, I'm like, shoot, something I love to do, so I try to kill it. - No Photoshop needed. - Right right. - I'm supposed to meet with Angel Kake and Stormy at the coffee shop. And of course, Stormy is running late, as usual, but she checked in, she says she's on her way, so hopefully, she'll be here soon. - Hey Miss Dime. - Hey. You're with the fur coat. - It feels like I haven't seen you for some days, I guess-- - I know. - What have you been doing? - Um... So look, y'all better not fucking judge me. 'Cause you know, I was telling my friend the other day, you know, I want an open relationship, I like open relationships, people say they wanna spend the rest of their life with one person, but of course, it's gonna get boring. So I just feel like if I get married, me and my husband, we can spice up our relationship by inviting women in. To me, the more the merrier, so. - So would you gonna sleep with the girls too, or how is that gonna work? - Yeah. - So you was gonna, y'all was gonna do the girl together. - Mm-hmm. - And then, and then-- - It depends on how I'm feeling, 'cause it might be I just wanna watch him. - Okay. But when you do something with her, like what are you gonna do to her? - What girls do when they have sex? - So you do this often? Sheesh. Dime wants to have an open relationship with her mate. My personal opinion, I wouldn't do it, but if it's, you know, fun for her, I think she should do it. I can't, I could not love another woman. - But you'll have sex with one. - You taking too long. - Of course not, of course not. - You know what, I like you better when you keep to one thousand. Don't sugar coat with me. I feel like Angel's confused when she says she doesn't believe in open relationships and then she goes back and say that all men cheat. It's like, okay, if you know your man is gonna cheat, then why don't you lessen the chances of him cheating on you with you guys going out and having fun together. - Hi. - Hey. - Don't stop. - Okay, alright. I like your hair. - I like yo feet, girl. - Oh, thank you. - Hey, how's are you doing? - Good. - Awesome. Why y'all didn't get me no coffee? - Girl, we-- - Y'all didn't think I want no coffee? - I'm trying to, this hair! - You like it? - Oh my god. - It was honestly a mistake but it's kinda cute, right? Ya, I still got her too, you know that? You know it's like, you gotta remind yourself that you still got it, you know? - What was your dance name, girl? - It was Stormy. - Stormy. - I kept my same name. - Why you was late? - So I got pulled over. I apologize for being late. Thank you, I really do. - Well, I'm glad you okay though, seriously. - My goal was just to get an update on their progress and just make sure that some of the things I share with them that they should be doing that they were really doing it and not just getting caught up. So whatcha y'all been doing? Whatcha been doing? - I been just kinda getting ready to relaunch my dresses. - The boutique and stuff? - Yeah. - I thought you did a photo shoot. - We did. These are the pictures. - Okay good, so we got some progress. - Yeah. They are not edited. - Oh let me see. So you sell these though? - Mm-hmm. - This is cute but you definitely giving them boobs right here. I'm like she selling the dress with the boobs, girl. What's for sale here? Oh, she modeled for you. - Uh huh. - How cute. Y'all little friend. - Don't. That's not nice. - The pettiest... - Oh that's cute. I'm not, I'm just saying y'all got a friend. This is cute. - Why she just can't be our friend? Why she gotta be little? - She is little. It's a compliment. Why you always gotta think I'm trying to be funny. That's you trying to be funny. - 'Cause you is. - No, I'm not. - 'Cause you is. - She looks really cute. - I feel like sometimes, she wanna help us from the bottom of her heart, but a lot of it is just to stroke her ego, to feel like we actually do need her in order to be these successful businesswomen. And I went to your lady too. - Who? - The one who did the wigs you referred me to? - Yvonne? - Yeah. - What did she do? - She just basically told me, you know, what she do, what she don't do, how long she been doing wigs. - But I have someone else I want to introduce you too. She lives in D.C. - Okay. - She's getting insurance money for the wigs that you-- - Yeah, that's who I thought she was, but okay. - I'll do a call with you and her. - Okay. - I think that Dime does really want to be successful. I think that Dime just has so much going on, I don't know if it's gonna happen, because I see her being inconsistent in her desire to get it done. - When can we finish our vision board party, 'cause-- - That's what I'm saying, we could bring some wine and some waters and some fruits and we could all sit down and complete our boards. - I bring the wine. - Y'all seem so nice and like, I love y'all. Not that I'm mommy but I just wanna help y'all. So if y'all don't mind, we are gonna work on being intentional. Like you, you are the Instagram queen. Like every day is something new from you. Like start posting more about the kids and the wigs and stuff. I think that would be good. - Not, not on that page. - See, that's what I was about to say, yeah, 'cause my manager was like, "Look we got to do you a whole new--" - Right, but you have a lot of traffic on your current page so you wanna redirect those people and then remember the ones that-- - No. - No, no, no, I'm telling you from a marketing perspective, you still wanna promote on your existing page because people like you on your current page. But you just redirect from that-- - Well she can post like, do a post, and then take it down. - I love you so dearly but see, this is where we gonna have a conflict, ladies. - I think that Stormy, I admire her great work and that she's not a dancer anymore but I do not, at the end of the day, if you're not selling shit for her, she doesn't really give a fuck. So do you actually do your own marketing? - Listen, I do my own marketing. I make a lot of money from social media. I'm telling you that there are people who currently live on your page that need to be redirected. - And they wanna support you. - That's it and they wanna buy. So we gonna redirect those people to our new page. And we're not gonna argue about what's right. - Okay, that was just telling you-- - But I have to go, ladies, I love y'all so much, it's been so well. It's been well seeing you girls today. And I will be looking forward to seeing you girls on Sunday. - Hello everyone. - Hey hey hey. Don't you look all pretty. - Girl, please. That's you. - You look cute! You so pretty, I love your hair. So pretty. - Thank you. You know, had to put some curls in today. - LingLing is here and she has to know no idea that I'm going to give her the money that I raised for her and I figure what better time. I am so happy you're here because I have something that I want to give you. - Mm-kay. - Well LingLing, I want to give you something. - Hold on, don't don't don't give me nothing. - And I really hope with everything that you receive this in the same way I'm giving it to you with like all of the love. I know we had this talk and you know, with what you were going through with your skin cancer, and everything and nobody knew. I know you didn't know, so when you were asking me did I want you to help me out, all of that was for you, that's why I didn't let you come. I feel great when I'm helping somebody out, literally couldn't even sleep last night, like I was smiling the whole way here. I think I even broke down and cried a couple times in the car just thinking about it, because that's how warm and fuzzy it makes me feel to know that I'm doing something good. I'm giving somebody a break, you know. - Ja couldn't make it because he had an event out of town, but he did send me a text message and said that I have his support, nevertheless, so. - Just take it and just know that-- - No, I can't take no money from you. - Girl, here take this. Lilia picked this bow too, by the way. - It's so. - I just want you to know that just from one mom to another, one fighter to... - When LeaLea surprised LingLing with her fundraising, I thought that was very nice for her to help her with her problem. - Everybody be thinking of themselves, but you not, you not, and I meant it when I told you that I was gonna do my part to help you so. Open it, just read the card. You don't have to take out the money. You don't have to just, but I just want you to read the words and know that it came straight from my heart. - Did she lick it or did you lick it? - Girl, I licked it but I didn't suck no dick before I licked it, so. - Even if you did. - So go girl. - If it's one thing life has taught me is that success is not final. Failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. And you my dear, are as courageous as they come. Love you 'til life. Thank you babe. For her to say that everything that she did for me, that card and all the love that was made with, it shocked me. - I just wanted to do that for you before I left because I wanted to see that beautiful smile. - Thank you. - Aw, let me give some hugs, that was so sweet. - Thank you. - God bless you. - Thank you. - But you got this. - Got it. - Girl, I was telling y'all. - Damn! - Not her. None of this would be possible. So I would like to thank my mom for taking one for the team. 'Cause she left me-- - I think they might be like. - Has a short nigga ever tried to get up there? - You know I don't do short men. I don't like eye-level dudes, like, I need to, I have to look up to you. - Short dudes got a complex. - Why do short dudes be having a big old... When a man is short, but he already has his own, like you know, short people problems, you know what I mean? This, just, it's a fact. - Today, I'm meeting Doctor Norman. This gentleman walks out with this big ax. I don't know what she's getting me into, I don't have any idea. - Okay Laina, this activity is for you to release anger. I know you feel unworthy, I know you feel that your mom did not love you. I need for you to release all negative energy. The man you love dearly, he pimped you out. - This is for my mom abandoning me. Drugs. My grandpa. This for my dad passing away. My struggle. - Yes, excellent. Good job, Laina. Good job. - Throughout the years of my life growing up, I cried every night. It's so much pain I endure that I don't think I can endure any more. It's just like, in me. I'm just used to it. - Laina, repeat after me. I am powerful. - I am powerful. - I am strong. - I am strong. - I am worthy. - I am worthy. - I am intelligent. - I am intelligent. - I am beautiful. - I am beautiful. - I am loved. - I am loved. - I need you to repeat that on a daily basis. - I really don't like opening up to people and she made me feel more comfortable with talking to her and letting her know my issues. - We have a lot of built-up anger inside of us. As black women, you are so beautiful. The entertaining life, that was a season for you. It gave you money you needed, probably some resources, but that's not it and that's not all for you. I am here for you, 100%. - Yes and I appreciate it. - Okay. Alright. Okay. - I believe that everything starts with a vision. Without vision, people will perish. And so I wanted to show these girls that I got their backs. So I invited all of the girls, even LeaLea and LongLong, whatever her name is, I invited all the girls. And LeaLea showed up and LangLang got mad. Shit, that's the girl's name? Man, what's the damn girl's name? - I can't be myself. I don't want to sit like and feel like I'm sick. I don't want to sit there and feel like I'm obligated to smile in her face, knowing what happened the last time. So I came to the visual party and, something about my gut just didn't feel right and I come in, and I turn my butt around. I realized where I was at. Not for me. - Hey girls - Hi, come-- - Hey, how you doing? Great to see you. - Your house is beautiful. How are you? Hey beautiful, give me hug. How are you? I saved you for last, Imma speak to you. How you doing, man? You okay? Alright. Y'all excited? - Yes. - I can't tell. - Yes we are. - Why y'all seem so low? - I decide against my better judgment to stay and try to be a bigger person and just kinda see if somehow this could go in a positive way. - What's her name again? - LeaLea. - Hi LeaLea. - Hi. - You look cute with your purple bun, girl. - Thank you, it's pink. - It's a lot of colors, it's not just pink, it's like five colors, purple-- - Thank you. I appreciate it, I really appreciate it. - Okay, you gonna be present today or you gonna be on your phone? - Well obviously-- - It's up to you, 'cause today a new day. So you gonna be present today, we gonna get ready for 2018. You know, the economics that you working on, manifest that all next year. Or you gonna be on your phone the whole time? It's up to you, your choice. - Well let's have a good time. - Come here, come. Let's let's, come here. Listen. Immediately like, the mood changes, because the last time Stormy and LeaLea was together, it was not good at all. I'm just hoping that everything goes peacefully. I need you to be the bigger person in this situation and just pull her to the side and talk to her. You have to remember we're at your house, she needs to feel comfortable. You just do that. - She wouldn't even look. - Just pull-- - Okay okay okay. - Breathe. - You don't, you don't need to do that. She don't have to be the bigger person. For what? For what? Like, no. - 'Cause we're doing positivity-- - No, 'cause in order for, I'm in your house, and if you want this to go successfully, I feel like there should have been something, like other than, like the nitpicking, you were trying to do from the start. - It's like you wanna find a reason not to talk to me. Like, you really, like confrontation, like for real. I spoke to you last because that's my goal. My goal was to pull you to the side. - Imma go. 'Cause I was gonna try to do this the right way. But it's not gonna-- - Just stay and work it out. - Today's a new day. - So we not gonna do this. If she wanna leave, let her leave. Like, come on, when are you gonna do away with your childish ways? At least she coulda, she won't even look at me. Girl, we is adults. I'm not doing that We not doing that energy again today. You're in my home, you know me and we don't deal with each other. And so instead of you at least looking up, you looking down at your phone. Girl, I don't kiss ass. And I don't do it anymore. And I have no need to do it with you. - Take this off of me. - I don't want to keep going back and forth with, what's her name again? - LeaLea. - With LeaLea. It's come to a point in your life where you gotta be mature. Act like little kids-- - I'm the fucking mature one, I'm in your house, and instead of you coming over there and saying, "you know what LeaLea, I know this is the first time we talked--" - LeaLea, you didn't give me a chance. - You had all the opportunity-- - You didn't give me, no listen, if you woulda let, another 30 minutes, or another if you woulda let, another 30 minutes, or another hour, if people don't go by your rules, then you wanna be confrontational. You didn't even give me a chance. Give me a chance, girl. You really, seriously, like for real, you are a very pretty girl but you have really have some internal issues that you should really work on. Seriously. Seriously. No, no, no, seriously. I really want her-- - Remember I told you to take a step back sometimes. - Girl, I'm already done breathe, I'm on a whole another planet right now. I'm not even that right now. You really have some internal issues. Time to release yourself from whatever issues you have. Yes, bye bye, please, get up out of here. You leaving? I don't want to close the door. You leaving? You can stay, I'm not even gonna argue with you. Either way, go in or out baby, it's your choice. Where my sage? - Please do not follow me with that camera. - I don't want that in my house. - This is the last time we talked. Please do not follow me with that camera. - Let me sage out. Can y'all just enjoy what drink ya want, let me get rid of her energy for real. No. - Y'all want this to really be cool and y'all not really want that. - How do you, I'm in somebody's house that I argue with. There's been no conversation midway, no nothing. - Get her out. For real. I tell y'all until she find Jesus, She been in some holy water or somebody's church. Don't bring that lady back over here. - I didn't know where I was coming 'til I got here. So I got here feeling blindsided. - It was my understanding that you were both open to having this. - No. No. I said I was open to her apologizing. - Not gonna happen. So I just don't think they should talk to each other. They need to stay the fuck away from each other, honestly. 'Cause I just don't see none of that shit happening. - She wanted to do a vision board party, she passed an invite to you. - Why would I just show up to her house for a vision board if I never even had a conversation after the fight? - She was supposed to pull you to the side. Whatever happened, how it happened, it didn't happen. - Yeah, 'cause she wants to be nasty. - I think that LeaLea could have stayed. I mean come on, we're grown-ups. Like I know how to ignore somebody who I don't like. You're gonna find the same problem in life You might not like your boss, but you don't get to leave. You gotta stay there. You gotta put up with the bullshit and just keep it going. - Do not follow me with that camera. Imma go. Stormy and I were never friends anyway. I didn't know her, she doesn't know me. There's nothing to me and there's no pressure on me to make things right because I didn't make things wrong. - The man you want girl, you know you want that man. - Today is my day. - So you got it for real girl! I could see it. Come on girl, it's your turn. - Today is the day. - You gotta say today is my day. - Today is the day that I move the fuck on because I'm single now. - Oh my god. I'm in and out a relationship. I'm not in a relationship and when I get in a relationship that's a real, fucking relationship, then I'll treat that relationship as if it's real. Until then, I have to keep my options open and do what the fuck I wanna do. - Today. - Today is my day. - Here's the goal. I been doing vision boards for the past ten years. And literally like my old board is old and everything needs to go in the garbage because everything that's on the board-- - Came to pass. - Everything except I'm single. - I understand. - But everything from like the Rolls Royce that I wanted is on my board. White, the same color, the same inside, from my house that I have now, it looks similar to the board I cut out from paper. So when we do these boards, like we have to take it very seriously. - Right now, I'm so focused on growing my business that I put my 100% into. I am just grateful that this show has given me a platform to begin to open a career. I'm gonna be done with this lifestyle. I can put it to an end so that when this is done, I have a stable environment for me and my son. I never was that girl who dreamed about a wedding. Like I don't really envision this beautiful gown. - You don't? - Just being real, Angel, that might be why you haven't found nobody who you're really interested in. Whatever you think in your head, to me, you can possess in your hand. That's how I think like, You guys have seen me grow. You guys have watched my love life have some ups and downs. But overall, I am happy that I met 'cause he did invest in me and get me out of the club. So I'll always be thankful for that, so I won't have anything negative to say about him ever, but I got some good advice, I met some people that I will most definitely have a connection with. And I'm just really excited about my future and my business taking off and just seeing what God has in store for me and La'Bri Cosmetics. - The goal is to fill this board up. Today's vision becomes tomorrow's reality. Like even if you see a car, you see a Bugatti and it does something to your spirit, but you think I would never be able to afford that, yes, you can. - At the end of the day when it's all said and done, I'm just happy I'm not living a double life anymore. You know, I'm ready to hang up my dance shoes, ready to go forward in life with my nonprofits. Me and my daughter, we're in a good place. I'm in a good place. And I just hope everyone can see the type of person that I am. I'm just a hustler just like everybody else, trying to survive by any means necessary. So hopefully, this will be a great new beginning to my success in all my business ventures. - What happened to all y'all little friend, LingLing? - Well, when I came up, I saw her leaving. I was trying to figure out the same thing but she didn't even speak to me so y'all know I'm fucking here because I don't speak unless I'm spoken to. - Why didn't she speak to you? - I don't know. I didn't really care to ask. - I've had a lot of ups and downs. And I've kinda been open about it. I've shown that it's okay to fall as long as you try and get back up. I hope you see that these little pieces of my life can help you. You have to stay strong-minded, you have to stay willed. You know, I would never give up my son. And watch me, I'm gonna conquer it. I'll be cancer-free. - What is wrong with these girls? What happened to the other one? - This was a very good experience for me. I learned a lot from all the ladies. I would like to have a sit down and have counseling with my mom. She still on drugs but she's like not in the streets right now. She got her own place and I wanted to help maintain that with her. - The one who just left, what's the girl's name who just left? - LeaLea? - LeaLea. - In doing this show, I learned when I had to deal with someone like Stormy, it is so easy for those people to get you out of character. I don't care how positive you think you are. In a matter of seconds, for someone to bring that negative energy in there and literally, it took me days to get that negative energy out of me because I just was not used to it. I was so taken back by it. But to date, after wrapping up, I ended up finding out that I was about to have to go through treatment again. The doctors went in and they found cancer again. It took me a long time to feel it. And by the time I felt it, it had so much infection there, so they had to go in and cut this hole in my stomach. So now I have a little hole in my stomach but I'm not afraid because I've been here before and I've come way too far to turn back now. So it's so not like I have cancer. Cancer has me now. And LeaLea is a much bigger problem than cancer, just ask my baby daddy. - What most people do is they start their boarding, never finish it and wonder why they can't complete nothing. So it's like everything that makes you feel good, everything, like sometimes people say you drink too big, you, no no no, like whatever it is. So my ultimate goal, genuinely, was to connect with these women, inspire them through my life, through my journey. So I hope that Angel Kake is able to create her clothing line and I pray that of course, Dime was able to pursue all of these multiple businesses that she desires to create. I pray that La'Bri does very well with her makeup line. I feel as if I did my very best to connect. I opened the door. I showed them my truth. I was transparent. I was open. And so I just hope that this particular season of their lives, they learn something that they can take into the world and change the lives of so many other people as I have. Okay, come on y'all, it's time to go y'all, I'm ready. - I'm telling you. - You always kick us out! - So who is this man? - I just met someone. I'm tired of being single, I'm sorry. - Who you met? - I'm not gonna tell you 'cause I'm scared you-- No, you look cute. You like money and to be treated right. But you know, for a long time, I tell myself, like you say, Angel, all men cheat, so I tell myself, shit, I dunno who the fuck imma marry, or who imma be with, but I just know my nigga gonna take care of me. Imma be put up. And that was okay with me but now I feel like I could genuinely be in love and actually be happy. - You can. Girl, you a beautiful girl. - I always know I was gonna put up. - Well you should move out of Atlanta. - Why? - Yes, and go somewhere in the country, I agree. - Just to look for a nigga, for real? - No! - No! - Do you feel like there's gonna be backlash for being a black man and you hiring other black women to do a show about strippers? - The network is owned by black men. The studio is owned by black men. - Correct. - The producer is a black woman, and my show is about all black women. - It took Shante super powers to... - Yeah, it was Mark's concept and then, and Mark got it to, with the help of some of our other friends. - Right. - Got it to Rob Johnson. - But you're the person for it though, Shante. - Aw. - I mean you are, clearly. - It takes a woman to tell a woman's story. - Right. - I feel like if a man would have tried to tell the story, it would have come off a lot different. - Well, what are you saying to the naysayers? - The naysayers, if they have any negative thing to say, they really, really did not really watch this show. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 