Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e2 - A Little Stormy In the Mix - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 2 - A Little Stormy In the Mix - full transcript 
 Angel Kake's niece considers following in her footsteps and stripping. While Ling Ling has a breakdown about her living situation and seeks advice from her friend recording artist Lyfe ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Beyond the Pole. - Put your mother fucking eyes on your lip and watch your mouth. - There's probably some bitches fighting in a strip club right now. - You can't just be a bitch, you have to consider yourself that bitch. - Everyone thinks that dancers make a lot of money. - Girl we walk in there some nights, you gonna pay $100 for your hair, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 $45 for your makeup, you're whole outfit is $100 and you still don't walk out the club breaking even. - I'm not going if I'm not making at least 400, I feel like I'm kinda like being insulted, because I'm really degrading myself. - I have a company called Barcode Solutions. I train girls on how to be bottle girls. - I want you to meet some, like the other girls as well. - Okay, that sounds fun. - You know, we are all trying to get outta here. - You're not focused on your cosmetic line, that's why it's not flourishing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I'm ready to hang my shoes up. - How're you? - Hi baby. I'm so glad you came. - Yes, thank you for having me. - No, no, no, no, no, thank you for coming. So you ready to learn some stuff? - I am. - Okay, we're gonna finish setting up and then we're gonna get ready for class, but I'm just so excited that you're here. - Okay, thank you. - All that beauty just brightened up the whole space. - Awe. I went to Tia's Barcode, you know, class just to see, really how she operates. - So we're gonna pass out packages for you guys to look over. - Okay. Wait wait wait wait, one second. - } You're Welcome. My name is Rashida. - Okay my name is Tiara, but you know, everyone calls me Tia Becca. Thank you ladies for coming to Barcode Solutions, our complete service training course. I promise you gonna learn a lot. You gonna learn how to make your money and how to hustle these niggas. Naw, I'm just playing, that's not the goal. Customer service is the goal. We're gonna go over a few laws. You know, as shallow as it may seems, but your look is everything. - Your appearance. - You're appearance, and then preserving yourself. Because this is a um, industry that if you drink too much, you don't get enough sleep, you smoke and those late hours, it will tear you down. So, we're gonna go over drink recipes. We're gonna go up the proper procedures on how to set up a VIP and how to fit your tables. We gonna show you how to do all of that, cause it's a hustle. The best personality win, it aint always about the biggest booty, it aint always about the best lace front, it's about the best personality and the finesse game. Okay, so, we're gonna let Rashida, she's gonna um, go first. - We're gonna go into the bar aspect of things. Um, give you a little time just to read over the contracts. So everybody has a clear understanding about what the class is about. - Can I talk to you for a second? - I've done bar, you know bottle service before and I really wanted to know, okay, well she's being doing this for years. You know, I only did it for a few years. I really wanted to see how she's keeping up with it. - So I've been wanting to talk to you. - Okay, tell me more. - Since the Derek Blank event. How you been? - Uh, I've been good, yourself? - Oh, perfect. I can't even complain. - But how did you like the Derek Blanks event? - I was like, Oh my god I really didn't get to speak to him like I really wanted to. - You a dancer, you know how to finesse. - That's true. - You know how to finesse, like that was your finessing moment. - You should've just pushed me a little harder - I really wanted to. - Like, Mm go! - Even though I don't know you as well, and don't even take offense to this. My opinion, the red hair, and the red eyebrows is not even you. You have this timeless beauty that Derek Blanks and others will look for. - Dying to try and change my hair color. But everybody's like no, keep it red, keep it red. And I'm just like no I want to change it back to natural. So when she told me about it, I just went ahead and decided, you know what that was my little push. - It's something about your spirit that don't even fit in there. - Everybody always tells me that, they're like dude, you're a model. You should not be here dancing or doing bottle service. I did it for five years, you know I went.. - You did bottle service for five years? - Mhm. - What made you go back to the pole. - Well, for one, I left the state that I was doing bottle service in. And coming to Atlanta, I didn't know anybody. And every time I went and applied it was really hard for me. So I just had to stick with dancing until a club did accept me. It was, one of them last minute solutions. I lost my business, I had a hair business out here. And my investor had to pull out last minute because he was also my spouse at the time. I found out he was married. And yanked my whole business, it went down hill. - The wife yanked it? - Yeah she was like either you take out the money, or I'm leaving you. And he was like, yeah I'm not leaving. Um, you know lost all the fancy cars, lost a big condo, lost everything. And I was like, yo, like I can't do this I'm at rock bottom, you know, I'm homeless now. - And you got a kid. - I mean yeah, I have no cars, no nothing. I'm doing rental cars. Um, you know I'm staying out of AirBnB back and fourth. - Awe that's tough. - And I was like.. - With your child? - Mhm. And so I was like this is something that I have no choice but to do. I'm like, I need the fast money and I need it now. - Its hard to come back from that. Like its kinda like this is lane you gotta stay in, and you can't really get out that lane. You got it. You got it. Whether you wanna do bottle girl, and then do your modeling. You got it. You're smile is awesome and then there's something about in this industry. Be tough about your money, but keep your energy pure. - My strategy is okay, I wanna get in, dance, I'm gonna stack up my money and get out. I live by two things. I say don't touch me and don't touch my money. - Okay so, I-you got it. We gotta get back to the class. Cause I'm finna show you some of this finesse game. - After seeing Ling Ling on the pole I decided to invite um, Dime and Angel Kakes to a pole class. - I told somebody, I'm like hey, no pole, but I can shake this ass though. - Today I'm really excited about going to pole class with LeaLea. I'm wanting to get a chance to talk with her and know her a little more. She seemed really fun. Hey! - Hey honey, honey! Let me look at you! Good to see you. Angel, this is Dime. Dime, this is Angel. - I don't know how good I'm gonna be on the pole. I'm not like a pole worker, I'm more of a twerker, or a prancer. so have you guys taken pole classes before? - Uh uh. I'm scared of.. - No I didn't. I'm gonna try my hardest to get up though. - I'm scared of heights though, y'all. I aint never.. - That is not that high, LeaLea. - All my poles are attached to two legs and a chair. - My name is Ms. Dime and as everyone always said I was a perfect 10. So I just went with Ms. Dime. I got started dancing because my father told me if I was gonna be in his house I had to follow his rules and I didn't wanna follow his rules. So, I went out, I started living a fast life, I was introduced into the dance game and ever since then the rest has been history. I have been dancing maybe 10 years on and off. I'm actually a college graduate. I have 2 college degrees, I have a masters degree in business operations management with a major in, as my undergraduate degree is in criminal justice. I work two different jobs and I live a double life. So, a lot of things that are gonna come out, they're going to be very shocked that I do. - Hey ladies. Welcome to Chemistry. - Hey girl. I'm Love. Um, I'm glad to have you ladies here today. Who's taken pole before? - I took it before. - Even though you've never had a pole class before, that does not mean you're not gonna walk outta here and know how to do at least three perfect tricks. I wanna see what your strengths are. - Can we work the pole with our ass? - Absolutely, absolutely - That's the strongest part of my body - And I have something just for that. I'm gonna have you start, because I just feel, I just feel like there's something in there that needs to come out. And so, just stay there, okay? - Okay. - So you watch me. We're gonna take our hands up really high and then we're gonna bring our legs here, mhm? Uh huh, there you go. Twist your thighs in. Twist those, no keep it straight. - Uh uh, I ain't gonna do that. - You got it, you got- - The ass is too heavy y'all. - No, that's even better. - This was actually my first time taking a pole dance class. I mean I have a pole at home, I do it on my own, but this is my first time actually going to a class for an instructor. - Walk it back, walk it back, keep walking it back. - Oh my god. - Now bend those knees in. Bend it in. Take it out, bring it out. Oh damn. - Oh my god. - Now bring it back up. - Woo! - Girl bye, - My hand is hurting holding that ass up. - I knew you had it in you. - Angel, go try it. - Come on, you got this. - My friend, you got this. Them thighs tight. - Put that hand up underneath, right in the middle. Slide down on it, bring it up. - Now see, that look easy right there. That look easier right there. - Okay, well you try it. - I'll try it, but it definitely, it look easier than tryna lift all this at one time. Hello, Honey did you miss me? Um, I actually think Dime is doing a lot better than I expected. Um, and Angel Kakes and I, we both just look like we're beginners, but we gettin' there. - Act like you're gonna go, Ya! So you're going to go a little bit past the first foot, yeah and then whip it straight, whip it straight. - Pole dancing class was really hard for me. First thing, I don't like, like merry go rounds, or like swings, or anything that goes circular motion. So I really was scared off, like oh my gosh, are they gonna have to call the ambulance? - Straighten out that leg, whip it from behind, whip it in a straight circle. That's going backwards, I need you to go forwards. - That's going backwards, come on. Don't be lazy, get up, lets do this. Okay. - Love is like nice, but she's mean, bossy bitch. She's like uh uh, don't like that, that's not sexy, get outta here. - No. This, wrap around the pole. - Okay. - Cause you swung that out and this ones straight, there it goes. - And then we're like this. - Yes you slide it down. - And we're like this, and.. - Then you bring it on up. - Yeah. - Yeah, good job. - That's hard on my back. - Are you, um, I'm gonna need you to um, come up and do this because I haven't got a chance. - I am not skilled on the pole. I'm one of the dancer's that's all cute. So, I'll just grab the pole and walk around. I'm more of a twerker, I can't really work the pole tricks. But I mean, if you show me how to do it, I can do it. - Here, here. And the more you lean back, the faster you gonna go. So we go here, whip it. Bam! Bam! That's about as close. - To all those girls who are pole dancers, I take my hat off to you, but not, it's not for me. - Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, uh huh, there we go. To the floor, to the floor, to the floor, to the floor. Bring that leg up, thank you. - I think I'm doing okay, but my legs are killing me, and my arms, hoo! - Oh that. - Is that as nasty as it gets? - Is it, no. - That's not even. Y'all playing. - We tried. - Y'all playing, y'all playing. - We was tryna get straight to the twerking part. And since we couldn't get our big asses up the pole, we did what we do best, we started twerkin'. Slingin' ass. - You guys are the bomb. - Thank you, thank you. - The pole class gave me a new found respect for it. I absolutely realized that you work every muscle in your body trying to get on that pole. So, I have a whole new found respect for girls who work the pole. - LeaLea, you a squirter? - Very much so. - Damn, my pussy aint hittin' on nothin'. - No it's called g-spot, it's called nobody aint hittin' your g-spot, - Everybody does the, some people just run, it's like a gush. - That's what I just said, that's what mine do. - But if you wanted to like spray, you gonna have to push. Use them muscles and push. - But it's a whole different game, it's like you gotta go until you can't, until you actually fuckin' gotta pee. - Yeah. - But I always pee before I have sex. - Yeah, I mean me too. It's just not really less there when you're having to pee. It just feels like you gotta pee. - But I'm saying if I empty out my bladder, that's probably why I don't have that urge. - No, but my bladder is empty before I have sex too, because to make sure I'm not pissing on it. - I don't give a fuck about pissing on him. If he wanted me to piss- - I mean, that's me into that freaky shit. You know, we can R. Kelly in a minute now. - I'mma try to squirt, cause my shit just be, it be like - Take off your stuff. - Hey you guys. - Hey Elijah. - How was your day? - Good. You see Baby, did you tell her hi? - Hi Baby. - I really sacrificed a lot this year with my son. We have a real strict routine. - You can go play your game and then we're gonna work on homework. Like no time to myself of course. - So how's everything been going? - Pretty good, I'm just trying to get some money. - Your job isn't making enough money, or what's going on with that? - It's just not consistent. So I'm really just been looking and I just came from Chicago. - Elijah came to move with me about a year or two ago. Somehow, some kind of way Elijah liked the idea of dancing. I guess I must have rubbed off on her, so she decided to sneak off and go dance. I mean, I didn't want you to go dance, but I wish you would've told me so I coulda helped you at least find somewhere good to work at and make you a few more dollars. But, what, how was that? - Oh no, that's not for me. The money like, on TV is like, all the money, but when you get there its really hard. - Remember I was telling you. - Yes. - Even though it looks like, you know, glitz and glam in reality it's a lot, right? - It's not like that. - It's not all what it's cracked up to be. Like, you see all this stuff that I have to go through. Are you really ready for that, because what you could do is go to school, you live here for free, take advantage of that. Because you're gonna end off back at the same place. How did you even feel, like when you were dancing, like was it- - I feel like I needed to get a drink, and if you don't get a drink then you're not going to feel like- - Comfortable. - Yeah, you're not gonna feel comfortable and you're not gonna wanna do it. - And not get turnt up. - Right. And yeah, so. - Oh no. Awe, poor baby. In a way, Elijah not making money dancing, it was kinda like I told you so. So I'm glad that it didn't work for her because she's not even built to be a dancer. I'm like working on a whole bunch of stuff, and so, you could be my assistant. - Really? - I think you'll, I thin it'll work better for you than the dancing thing and then- - I do think that. - And you can still stay here. We could just set up some goals. You know, I'm still working on the dresses, the Angel Kake. But I'm gonna really need your help, cause you're going to help me, you know, grow my business. So the more money I make, the more money you make. - So I don't have to dance. - No. Like, let's focus on you. I just am glad that it didn't work and that like, now she can maybe take some more advice from me. JACE. - YEAH. - Come on it's time for homework. - Okay. - Did you get, you got everything? - Yeah. - Hello. Okay, well Angel, I'm about to go. - We're gonna set up a meeting now, we on a team, we got some plans going. I need your help. - Okay, bye you guys. - Love you Elijah. Alright, let me see how your behavior was today. Oh, you got a happy face. I'm so proud of you, you're doing really good this year. You make Mommy so proud. I've decided to keep Jace back this year. He has a IEP, or basically he's in special ed. I was in special ed as a child myself. I just felt like it was a, a need that I would not allow him to move forward until he learned how to read. And I'm like dedicating all my time to him. Don't look at mine, don't be trying to look at the paper. Jace's dad isn't involved in his life. Street life is hard to give up, just like a dancers life is hard to give up. Perfect! He's, like shown so much improvement. Much more of a happier kid. He loves school and I hope he starts to love reading. You me very proud. - So I got a text saying that you're not gonna be able to do the show, you're gonna move, or something like that. So tell me a little bit about what's going on with you. - I've kinda just been place to place. I'm dealing with my living situation right now. You know, I came to set and you know, I had to talk to the EP you know, I didn't know what to do. I felt like I had hit rock bottom. Dom and Alana went into a room and they ended up stealing money from me. You know, it was $200 but still. - But it was yours. - Yeah, it was mine. - I get it. - You know, people are going in and out of my room when I'm not there. And you know, I just didn't feel safe. - Some of our producers came to me and told me LingLing was saying that she may have to quit the show and that I really needed to talk to her. I decided that we should capture what was going to happen, because in this moment I don't know what she's going to do. - The people I rented from is hounding me at. They're like you're either gonna pay us some more money, or y'all get the fuck out. - Right. - And that's why I'm like, okay well, I'm not paying y'all no more money. - Well you can potentially go back home and they could have the doors locked and you can't get in to get your stuff. Everyday I'm nervous to walk up the stairs and see like, is there a notice, is the locks changed. Just to feel that, you know, that all my stuff could be gone. Everything that I work so hard for, you know, a place that I lay my head at to give me peace. Right now my financial is at a halt, like a complete halt. I don't have permit, I can't go dance. I'm not about to go escort, I'm not about to go sell drugs, I'm not about to go do a bunch of stuff that's gonna you know, put me already in more jeopardy than I already am at right now. At this point if I can't find somewhere to lay my head at night, I'm gonna have to go. So, it's just like I'm trying. You know when you feel like you have no hope and you feel like you're alone too, you feel like you're at the bottom. And that's what I felt. I felt like there was nothing more that could be wrong with my situation. I don't know at this point anymore. It's like every time that I get one good step into something it's something negative that comes into play. I don't know how I'm gonna overcome that, I really don't. You know, I have tried to stick it out, to be here. And y'all seen I'm here. You know, I was like I can't do it. I don't have much as it is. - I know this is difficult. And I commend you for coming back and even trying you know, to do the show. The more layers you tell us about yourself, it's like, there's no where else to go but up. - But what is, what is the difference between me telling you and me telling a bunch of other people. Everybody just says, oh boo hoo, sorry that sucks, it's tough, all you can do is go up. But what are anybody doing to help? Nothing, but they sit back and watch. Cause I'm like this show is so much for me. This show tells me you know, who I am and my struggle and my fight. But at the same time I'm like I gotta have stability, I gotta have a roof over my head. - Sometimes you just, you know, if you have somebody in another state that's willing to open their doors to you and give you a helping hand where you can catch up and get on your feet. Sometimes you have to do that and we have to respect that. - Trust me, I know. - It's unfortunate, I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you had to go through this. I sympathize, cause you know, everybody's going through something. So I know what it feels like. - It's not really that I lost all my hope. It was that I felt that I was alone in it. - Lyfe just text me and he's on his way here. I know that he's a friend of yours, does he know what's going on? Lets just proceed as normal with you as a cast. Sometimes you just have to let whatever's happening in that moment run its course. You can't step in and intervene. And as much as you wanna try to help them, you have to just kind of let them talk to you and talk themselves through what is happening. Someone once told me it's all temporary and it really is. You know, it was pouring on us and now all of a sudden the sun is out and I think that's a sign for you that, you know, it's not over. There's hope. - I can't give up just yet. Even though I was saying it out loud, out my mouth I was like okay I'm done. But in my heart I was like okay let me try and still at least, let me try and talk to this one more place, let me try and do this one more last thing. - It's a new beginning. Cause we're not giving up on you yet, we're not. Alright. - Yoga has changed Jace's life. He's understanding how to like, ground himself. I always say to him, like, abundance attracts me and we always repeat these positive phrases so that he can understand. Like, use your mind, become one with yourself. If I could teach him those small things as a young boy, um, I think it will keep him out of lots of trouble. I like for my son to be as much of a boy as possible. Um, because I am the mom and dad right now. And I think a lot of men don't do yoga, but I think it will really help them channel into their inner self. You know, figure out some things, think about some things, get grounded. - So Lyfe was supposed to meet me with me already. You know, to talk to me a little bit more about what's going on with my son. But, with me having a breakdown and everything that was going on right then and there. I didn't know how to hold it in. So, I kinda just spoke what was more on my mind, what was more right then and there that was happening. You know, things that I couldn't control right then. Thank you for coming. I really, really needed to clear my mind and talk. - You acted like there was a fire somewhere, man. You gotta talk to me, man. - So much is going on. You know, I just came from losing everything I owned to getting back the little bit that I do got and I'm afraid, you know, that once again its going to be all taken from me and it wasn't because of my choice. My relationship with Lyfe, he's been there for me through the good times, the bad times. You can never really put a title on somebody that's pure and that's good to you. Well, the people that, the place that I'm renting from right now, they're hounding me for the money for this month, for this months rent. But I looked up the rent amount for that unit and it's over two grand and I'm paying you guys $1200, who's paying the rest of the amount because I know damn well their not. It's just eventually gonna end up in eviction. - You know, we been friends for a little while and I been listening to, you know, the stuff that you been through for these last couple months. I usually try to make it a point to not pull somebody out a situation that God prepared for 'em, because that's where your blessings is at. You know what I'm saying? You never judge some by how it look, cause it's always the opposite. But with all that said, I don't want you think that I just didn't wanna help you, I just didn't wanna pull you out the situation. But, I think I got a solution to your problem though. - It was shocking. Like I was not expecting to hear that out of his mouth. You know it was like, how do I react? Like I really just wanna know details, details, details. - The situation I wanna propose to you is just this right here. I'm building a house right now, right? The house is almost done being built. It's like a month away from being done. I was actually going to hire somebody to come and like wait, house sit over there while I'm moving around. So, the reason why that I say this might be a good exchange for us is because I'm not pulling you outta nothing. Like this is something that you actually gotta go work. Like there's shit that need to be cleaned over there. And then, when I do move in, you know my other crib that's me. So I'm gonna AirBnB that guy. So, what you could do is you could be part of the AirBnb. You could go in like as a house helper, as a house keeper or whatever it is. Then you don't gotta worry about no gig for a while, you dig what I'm saying? You better move around, take care of your situations and you just be apart of that and I'll pay you to do that. You dig what I'm saying? - Mhm. - And then I think like as an advanced payment on that I think I'mma just write you a cheque, you dig what I'm saying? It's not a hand out, it's an advance payment on what I want you to do for me. You dig? - I appreciate it. - Does that work for you though? - I mean, I feel like once you get everything in order you can give me the exact what you want, you know what I mean. Rather than just trying to wing it. I'd rather like to know. - You gotta stop that too, you know that? - What? - Cause god will give you blessings sometimes and your ass will by like, we'll see what it is. - No I just want you to give me the direct thing that you need. - Move the dog like under the bed. My nigga, like you gotta again, like everything that you've ever asked for was already on the fucking way, man. All you gotta do is stay conscious. - Thinking, thinking, thinking. I always try and think for the future and unfortunately, you know, sometimes that's not good for me. But that's just how my brain work. Now I wanna be prepared for having to go through the worst, or going through the best. - Have anything that you planned ever went exactly according to plan in your life, ever? - I know. - Ever, one time? In my life it never has. - I learned that too but its like you got no choice but to trying and give a little bit, you know, try and plan a little bit for your future. - No you don't. See, that's the remarkable thing about humans is where they always fuck up. You think that you have to plan something and you put all these stipulations on something that you've already asked for. All you gotta do is sit back and wait on him to deliver it. You can't ask for it again, plan how he gonna give it to you. - I had no thought that it was gonna happen for me. I really thought I hit rock bottom and that I was gonna have to leave the state. - I feel you, man. But either way, at least you got some time to figure it out without worrying about getting put out another spot, right? Aiight? - Thank you. - I gotta get back to these kids, man. - Yes, yes. - Love seeing you. Call me later on. You look great, outstanding, aiight? - Thank you. Thank you again. - Hey. - Hey La'Bri, how you doing? - I'm good, how you doin'? You look really good! - So do you. So, how you doin' you alright? - I'm okay, I look a mess girl, waitin' on makeup to get here now. She in traffic. - Awesome, awesome. So you ready for wine mixer? - Yes. I can't wait, I told all the ladies about you. Everyone's super excited to meet the infamous coach Stormy. - Awesome, who you bringin'? How many it's gonna be? How many girls? - Um, I know LeaLea told me she's coming, Angel tell me she's coming, Laina is supposed to be coming, and LingLing. So maybe like four or five of us. I also invited Ms. Dime, so. Probably about four or five girls. - Let me know exactly so I can have some food and you know, cocktails and stuff, okay? - Alright. See ya later. - But guys don't do four play no more, so you do need it. - Shit. They gonna eat this ass. Let me tell you something. - I aint gonna say nothing, he aint gotta eat the ass. - I don't like it, but I do like my ass eaten. - No I aint gonna sit all day. You aint gotta eat this ass cause I know this is a big ass and I'm not tryna kill nobody. - No, I needa know that you willing to suffocate behind eatin' this ass. - But the question is do men kiss you after you suck they dick? - I'm not a cancer, I'm not a cancer. - Man, if I suck this mans dick and he decide he don't wanna kiss me back, I'm- no, you gonna get this. - My niggas be kissing me while they, shh, this shit has changed lives, baby. Hey sis, hey, you hear me? I want a nigga to hold his leg and be, mm. - No, I'mma do the basic package, I don't need, I put the upgrades on later in life. But right now I need the basic package because I'm too busy. - That sound like you like some old niggas. - Come here girl! - Today I'm actually having a mixer at my home, actually my AirBnB, but I paid for it, so it's my home. And you know La'Bri is inviting some of the girls that she wants me to connect with, to work with for next year to just help them have an incredible, obviously, journey. - Hey. - Hi. - You look so pretty. - Thank you, you too. - So, introduce me to your friends. - Ladies, this is coach Stormy. This is the reason why we're all here tonight. The energy in the room when Stormy met the girls, hoo, you could cut it with a knife. It was tension in there, most definitely. - Alight, well I wanna know, tell me your names, what y'all do? What y'all plan to do? - Uh, hi, my name is Dime. Um, I plan on starting a non-profit organization for young teens and wigs for cancer patients. - Okay, that's what's up. - I am LingLing, nice to meet you. For me, I model full time. So I'm tryna take it off, you know. - I thought you was kinda cute. - Awe thank you, thank you. - Good to see you again. - Hi. - I forgot your name though. - Laina. Everybody knows what I do at La'Bri cosmetics. - I'm working on my first storefront here in Atlanta. So I'm gonna open up this week. Um, located not too far from here on Marietta street. So I'm really excited all you ladies need to stop by. - A suite doing what? - Selling my products. And I'm gonna have a makeup artist in there applying them. - Good for you, about damn time. - Right. I knew you was gonna say something like that. - What made you want to do a wig company for cancer patients? - Well, I work at the hospital. - So you don't dance no more? - Well, I do every now and then. When I need to go bust a move. - So you work at the hospital and you dance? - And I teach. - With three jobs, that's for three people, girl. You need to donate two of them back. - Uh uh, I aint donating until I get where I need to be my, all my student loans paid off and my daughter tuition paid off. I don't feel like Stormy provided any information whatsoever. Like, I still don't know what the hell she does. - On my way to this mixer with La'Bri that she invited us to. I'm really just excited, I mean, me, I'm the type of person that I'm always ears open, mind open for whatever type of knowledge someone can offer me. And then especially because she's a black female. I'm definitely interested to see what she has to say. Sound like I walked in on some real good. - Good to see you again, you look cute and your waist is too little. - Damn y'all thank y'all. - Lady in red. - Hey sis. - I'm sorry I was late, hey, hey everybody. - Why you late? - Honey, this traffic. Y'all know I live all the way in the country. - You got yo man. - Yes my man. - Why he put that on your neck? - Yeah Brie. - You let him do that? Why, girl that's for little children. - He be wanting people to know that I'm taken. - To make it known, put a ring on your finger and they'll know real well. - Oh it's coming real soon, real soon. - Don't let no little boy suck on your neck no more. - Okay. - You a grown woman. A hickey on the neck, passion mark on the neck is not cute. Grown women don't walk around, bosses don't walk around, women of God don't walk around with passion marks on their necks. So I automatically knew that whoever this dude she was dating was extremely childish, you know. And she thought it was cute. If you wanna put a mark on me, nigga, get me a ring. What you been doing? - Really, I have been trying to dig more into um, I don't even really know what to call it. - Girl, cause you aint been doing no digging. Don't know what you been digging into. - I don't know what to call it, but I don't really know what the name of it would be. But I want to- - So how you was diggin'? - I know what I'm trying to do, I just don't know what the professional name would be called but I'm trying to- - So you've been digging for what it is in your mind first, then you gonna start digging for real. - No actually- - How you gonna tell me you researching something but you don't know what your researching. So, now that's, again, my time is very important. So you not about to waste my time and play with me. So just because of the mere fact that you couldn't even tell me what you was researching, that furthermore validates that you play too much and I'm not about to waste my time with you. - When I mean I'm like digging in it economical growth is more about how we produce goods and services, you know, within our own community, keeping it within our own community. So, in order for me to be able to teach somebody else that, I need to learn more about that. It's kinda like how. - So you think economic growth is about growing fruits and vegetables? - No, its, I didn't say that. I said goods and services. - No I was asking. - I said goods and services. - What have you been reading to learn it? - Well I have this book called Black Economics. - Girl, you sound real crazy right now, you know that, right? - I don't think that sounds crazy. - You need to read real stuff about application and principal. - I don't need them. - You have to understand wealth philosophies and wealth principals before you can ever get wealth. - But don't we supposed to learn knowledge about it first. - Yeah, but girl I'm not gonna argue with you, do what you doin'. - I didn't even think we were arguing, I thought we were just having a discussion. - No, I don't like to debate with people. And I know what's true, when I say it I don't just speak for my health. I speak because I wanna help people. - So the disconnect came in, one, when she cut me off and then I tried to change the subject to get back on point. And then it also came in when I'm trying to get her to listen to me and it's like, no, you just need to listen to me. - Um, you're a wealth coach. So what do you specialize in? - Teach people how to make money from home. - Okay. So what is exactly do you do? - I'm in a company called Total Life Changes. - Okay. - We are, health and wellness, multi-level marketing and that's one of the things that I do. - Okay. So how could you help us, as far as the things that we're trying to do. - I just wanna help y'all with principals and philosophies and how to think. My goal is not to hurt y'all, not to take from y'all cause I used to be you. But to show you how there's a better way. - When you mean, used to be me. - I used to be a dancer too. - Oh, okay. - The reality is that I have a soft spot for dancers because I started at the age of 16 and I actually danced for about three years. So I know what it feels like to be an exotic dancer, to be a stripper, to be in a club. So I have a soft spot to help these women to create an exit strategy, because I used to be them. - I want to get out of the entire lifestyle without going back. Even though I went to school and I have college degrees and I have this. I honestly don't wanna work for anyone. So, I'm here to absorb whatever information it is that you're gonna give. - I mean it's a process. You know, most of us, obviously, in that world, we're used to fast money. But it's a process. You have to unlearn certain things. The only one thing or maybe two things that I will say that you should take with you from the life of being an exotic dancer, a stripper, or whatever title people wanna put on it is your hustle and your heart. Because a lot of times we think we know what we don't know. But, listen I'm not tryna force myself on nobody. If you don't wanna receive the information, hey. I learned that it doesn't matter if you don't like a person. If a person has something to give you and their willing to freely give it to you. Don't let your attitude get in the way. - I don't think we're not trying to receive the information, it was like you were kinda trying to shoot down what I was already doing. - That's the problem, why do women feel that way? Why are women so quick to think that somebody else trying to chew them down. - It's the way that it's delivered, it's the way that it's delivered. So it's kinda like you're looking down, and like you're saying your better than. - No, no, no that's a self esteem issue that you have. - No. - How you perceive stuff is a self esteem issue that you have. - That's how it's coming off. - No, no, no, I'm not gonna debate with the truth. The truth never needs to be debated, never. I've made millions of dollars and coached over 12 people to millionaire status, I'm not about to debate with you, you or nobody. - Whoa, whoa, whoa, this is feeling a little tense over here. - That's the thing, when you have to- - Yeah I'm not doing this, we're not doing this, Brie. I'm not doing this, we not doing this. - She was a bit aggressive in her approach because she wasn't willing to listen. - I felt like she was kinda, attacking you. - Right. Like, you don't know what I been doin'. If you ask me and I tell you and the first thing you said because you aint been doing nothing. Now, you put me in the defense. Because how are you here to help me? - Exactly. - If your first thing is to tear me down. - And you're speaking for us that are still tryna come up. - Y'all got your own party over there, y'all don't like me no more, y'all mad? - No, we don't have- - You was all talk, conversation away having girl. - No, dogs get mad. - Say, you got a real slick mouth, you know that? - I know, I know. - You really do. I'mma ask God, how old are you? - I know, I know. - You need to be delivered from that mouth. So what these two young ladies are not going to do was come to my house, my mixer, disrespect me and talk about me? That's not gonna happen. Not on my domain. I'm talking to her first of all. - First of all, I'm feeling the vibe too from everything. - The vibe? I didn't even say nothing to you, baby. - I spoke up, I spoke up, but I spoke up and I said the tension was in here and I could see that you're giving off an attitude. - I'm not tryna debate with you. - We're not here to argue. - Nobody is saying that. - Y'all gonna have to go in a few minutes. - You're talking to me like I'm a child to you. You talk and treat somebody how you wanna be treated. This is really irritating me. - You're little negative friends right here, we not about to do this. - How are we negative, how are we negative? Because we feel like as soon as I came in here and said, the first thing I said, I said I'm doing this- - But why you standing up? Have a seat. - Because I want to stand up and I want to talk. - Baby, don't worry bout it. Let me get me something to drink. - Do I got to go? LeaLea and Stormy argument went from zero to 100 really, really quick. - Because you not about my house. - People reflect what you give off. - And go ahead, you wanna say something so bad, baby, go ahead. Cause you so cute, go ahead, you wanna say something so bad, go ahead. - I already spoke and I'm not gonna waste my breath on you. - Okay, baby. Get your friends outta my house. - It aint even your house, it's an AirBnB. Girl, bye. - When she was asking everybody to leave because I was on my way out the door anyway cause I'm just one of those people, I don't like my peace to be disturbed and I definitely didn't want to portray that image that black women couldn't stand in a room and empower each other. So I was gonna remove myself from the situation. - You so angry for no, and you are so- - I am not angry. - You give me black power though, like for real, your hair. That waist is little for real too. That's cause no sugar. - I'm ready to go. - That's not sugar, that waist is no sugar. - That waist is no sugar. I'm not eatin' just because of that waist, no more sugar for me. - Girl, bye. I'm about to get my bag for real, and y'all can take this mic off of me. I'm like, finna to go. - Oh you mad in real life? - Like, I'm like for real. Cause I don't like people to paint me like I'm a negative person. - Oh yeah, y'all may not wanna do this with her then, cause it's not gonna work. - No, we just don't need to do it with you anymore. Because see, you don't wanna listen. - Girl, listen, I'm not about to do this with you. - Okay, but you keep talking. - I'm not about to do this with you. - But you keep talking. So if you not gonna do it with me then stop talking. - Cause apparently you very unhappy with yourself. Girl, I don't kiss ass and I don't do it anymore and I have no need to do it with you. Girl, get outta here, man. John, Mr. Warton come in here, come in here, John before I turn into a nigga on this girl. - See, you aint gotta turn into no nigga. You aint gotta turn into no nigga, cause you probably already there. Aint gotta turn into nothing that you already are. - I guess it's a part of my personality I choose to suppress. - Okay, well then just- - That's why I stay away from people like you. - We aint gotta turn into shit. - I know me, I know me. I suppress this part of my personality. But people like you make me go nigga, for real. People like you make me go nigga. - Next on Beyond the Pole. - Listen, reality show people, I will fuck me a mother fucker up, believe that. - Let her go. - You won't even be able to go to work no more. - It was just two strong personalities butting heads. - So I want you to be a good example of how I mopped your ass across the floor. Girl, don't play with me, little girl. - Does your family know? - Yeah, all my, all my sisters have danced before. - Girl, my daddy would kill me if he found out I dance. - Are you finding yourself trying to beef yourself up on Instagram and social media just to keep up? - No. - No, I don't feel like I'm tryna keep up, I feel like to me, social media is marketing and promotion. - I do feel like LeaLea kind of dominated the whole conversation. It's like, she forgot that it was a whole row of us that had to answer the questions. If you wanted your own interview, you coulda came by yourself. - This is not making sense to me. You was going through something in your life and you dropped the ball, man. - Whoa! - She don't even know the situation, but she is really talking stuff, talking bad about you. - As soon as I walk out the room then everybody wants to talk about LeaLea, when I'm in the room everybody's quiet as fuck. Like, I don't like that. - Do you face any opposition, cause you know, you're teaching these people and people don't like constructive criticism, some do and some don't. - Um, I'm experiencing some resistance. - Oh, really? - I don't call it opposition, cause I'm not gonna fight with you. Cause you the one that need me. So, no opposition to me seem like a fight. So I'm not fighting anyone who really should be humble and accept the opportunity to be rescued, or supported through your process. So, it's a little difficult, it's challenging, because, you know, women in the club, they're very confident. You know, that's a part of our costume, - Absolutely. - that's a part of what we gotta wear everyday, you know. - Some people can receive it and some people cannot, but then there's also a soft side to you and I'm sure you can imagine when the ones who are not receiving it you go a little- - A lot of people, it's hard for them to receive it because I look like them, I still look like them. And so it's like, who do you think you are? And so if they can't get past what I look like, - And where you are. - and if they can't get, it's not gonna work. And so what works for me is having that pit bul in a skirt attitude. - Cause you do. - I'm not the little teacup Yorkie type girl. That doesn't work for me. When I was that girl, I was in the club broke, hoping somebody would dance me tonight. - Right. - And so that does not work for me as the coach that I am. I have to be that aggressive, that straight in your face, that, listen, that bold, that's just who I am. - Lets see, what brings you into the world of adult entertainment? - Basically, getting out in the world doing what I wanted to do. You know, daddy said go right, you go left. - Absolutely. - So, I got caught up in the club, like. - You got caught up. - Yeah. - So you pretty much started at a what, fairly young age? - I think I was maybe about 20. Because I remember my 21st birthday at the club. - At the club. - I had a shit load of money, it was, it was, I thought I was rich. Shit. - So are you originally from Atalanta, or no? - No, I'm originally from Miami, Florida, born and raised. - I can understand that and you said you started at 20. Atlanta is like Miami, in the sense that the club life, the adult entertainment life is so huge, you know. - But I actually like Atlanta better, We don't work as hard. - Really? - Mm mm. Miami, you work really hard. - Awe. - But up here they just throw the money, I like that - Well, big ups to the ATL. - Yes, I can appreciate that. - By all means. - Don't make me work too hard, my damn feet hurt. - I'm not gonna say secrets, but you're very private about what you do and I guess you can say a double life. - Yeah. - That we're living. Talk to me a little bit more about that. - So, I been living this double life ever since I can remember. You know, working in the club, feeling like my family's gonna disown me, they're not gonna love me, they can't. Cause my family is military, nine to five, corporate people. Nobody in my family is in this type of lifestyle, you know what I'm saying? - So this double of life is going on like, right now, strong? - Yes. - Oh my gosh. So, what about when this show comes out? - Well, my dad, he doesn't really watch TV. He's not into the social media. It would have to take a real bum to tell my father what I'm doing, a real bum. - What are you gonna say when the people on your job find out. I know you have this don't care attitude, but there's still a level of, you know, ah, to you that. - Well, the people at my job, um, as far as the hospital, nobody's gonna say anything to me because, I'm the type of person at work, I always stay to myself anyway. So, I don't think nobody would even feel comfortable enough to even come to approach me because I'm always to myself. I have this look like don't speak to me. I'm at work, I'm coming to do my job, that's it. - A very unapproachable look. - Right. And then at the school, I mean, I don't think nobody would really say anything at the school because we're always in our own areas. I don't sit at the tables. - And then I guess, is somebody gonna have the balls to come to you and say wow, I didn't know you were a dancer? - And I'm gonna be like, oh wow, you didn't? I never seen you tip me, so how would you know? - Oh, see, look at you. There you go. That famous Dime mouthpiece. - Yes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 