Brockmire: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brockmire 
 s2e1 - The Getaway Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brockmire (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Getaway Game - full transcript 
 Before realizing his mistake in leaving his true love behind, Brockmire must undergo obstacles the new league throws at him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ Biggest change in this country in the 10 years that I was gone? America went from being a boob  nation to being an ass nation. I mean, 30 years ago, if a company ran an ad campaign  on 3 TV networks and 10 magazines,  everybody saw it. And what they saw mostly was  boobs -- boobs, boobs, boobs. I mean, eventually,  we just forgot all about butts. [Groans] We were just so relentlessly  hammered with images of boobs. And by the '80s, Charles,  big old fake boobs -- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 just these enormous sacks  of viscous chemicals that were bolted onto  the front of a woman's chest in defiance of all  good taste and gravity. Which gift basket  does she get? Chantal?  Oh, the "Jeter." Oh, my God.  She earned it. You know, iPads don't  grow on trees. Maybe you should consider  not giving the Jeter to every woman  you bring home? No, Charles, I'm afraid I can't,  because I'm sexually generous in all the ways that one could possibly be. Besides, those "Piazza" baskets  that you designed, Charles, they're confusing, and they're unpopular. There's an element  of sadness to them. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Anywhoodles, I'm at the Big Freedia bounce show last night, and I'm just -- I'm getting lost in the applause of like a hundred  clapping asses. And it hits me,  it dawns on me -- I am surrounded  by the very people that got America  back into ass. I'm talking about straight  black men, the gays, of course,  and thick women. God bless 'em. 'Cause, see, when the Internet  expanded all media into the limitless chaos that we know it to be today, the power of the straight-white-male gaze got diluted, and all of a sudden, all these long-forgotten voices could finally be heard, man, and they were screaming, "Butts! Come on! Butts are wonderful!" And that, my friend, is how the titty wool that had been pulled over our collective eyes was finally lifted. She's waking up. Oh. I'll go hide  in the bathroom. They always go  to the bathroom. I'll hide in the pantry.  Calm down. [Jazz music plays] ♪♪ I got the Jeter  last time. What about that one? That one is reserved for someone  else, if she ever comes here. Which she won't. But I can get you  two Piazzas instead. But those  are in the pantry! Shit. [Rustling] Ta-da! Ha ha! There is one Piazza  for you right there. A Squatty Potty  and olive oil? He's an Italian  catcher. It's so obvious. And your second Piazza. There you go.  Got it? Great to see you again. You take care, now. -In conclusion...  -You're still not done. ...this country is  only getting dumber and hotter  and more crowded, but when I see butts  of all shapes and sizes and colors  not only represented, but celebrated, well,  it gives me hope -- hope that things can still  change for the better. ♪♪ -Strike!  -Santos looks at a fastball. Count evens, 2-2. 'Course, Santos  is only playing today because Fitzgerald  finally got his call-up to the major leagues,  so congratulations to Fitz. Get me another beer.  -No. -Come on.  -No. -Please.  -Focus. God damn it.  [Switch clicks] Santos pops a curveball  up and out of play. You know, folks, I think I understand just how Fitzgerald felt. I mean, he was a star  here in New Orleans right from the get-go, yet he had to wait and wait and wait for that call-up to the major leagues, to the point where he probably  started to question the decision-making of the Atlanta organization. As Santos bounces one  to the left side, this should probably do it. And the New Orleans Crawdaddys are gonna drop this one to Nashville  by a count of 7-2. -Suck!  -I have been Jim Brockmire. Please stay tuned for the postgame wrap-up. Let me ask you a question. Was it clear just now, when I was talking about Fitzgerald, that I was actually referring to my own career situation? Oh, that was intentional? I can never tell if you're  calculating or just spiraling. I mean,  what's the holdup? Seriously? What do I have to do? I mean, I've played by all their stupid rules, have I not? Art Newly  is hard to replace. He's like a more likable  Vin Scully, and you're... -[Belches]  -...not that. They can't do anything  with you publicly. It's gonna look like  they're pushing him out. Well, they won't have  to push too hard. The man is 75 years old. A stiff breeze and an uneven sidewalk, and down he will go. Want to hear  some good news? As of today, we have the  number 3 podcast in America. No shit? Oh! Remind me to ask that Marc Maron how my ass tastes. [Crowd chanting "Brock!"]  Charles:  Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to another live episode  of "Brock Bottom," brought to you  by Old Spice Deodorant. Like Jim Brockmire, Old Spice is an original  that still feels fresh. Now, without further ado, I'd like to present to you  the one-man MOTH and the best  freestyle storyteller in the podcast game... Jim Brockmire. [Cheers and applause] ♪♪ Hey! All right! I thank you.  -Whoo! Let's get right to it,  shall we? I need a suggestion for a  90-minute improvised monologue. -Baseball!  -Pinstripes! -Wyoming!  -You said Wyoming. I heard Wichita. [Laughter] Method to my madness on that one because the only person  that I ever knew from Wichita was none other than television  and film's Kirstie Alley. -Yeah.  -Yeah. -Ooh!  -Oww! Now, this is a story about the first time that she tried to  convert me to Scientology. Man: Yeah! [Slurring]  So, now, at this point... all the "Veronica's Closet"  writers, they g-- they went home, okay? It's just me and Kirstie  alone in a dressing room, so I'm -- I'm pretty psyched. Anyway, the room's really dark,  but I can just make out -- I could just see this --  this tear, one single tear  kind of gently making her -- its way down her face. So I got down. [Groaning] Okay. I said, "Kirstie,  why are you crying?" [Laughter] And she pulled me close, and she whispered one word  into my ear, folks. She said... "Wichita!" [Laughter] "Wichita!" [Cheers and applause] Appreciate it.  Next up. Come on up.  Step right up. This is a small-batch rye,  aged 18 years. Ooh! Yeah, m-my dad  was an alcoholic. Instead of telling fun stories,  he'd get angry and make us all fight for the last uncooked hot dog. Okay, we're gonna let  that sad story just die right there  on the vine, and we're gonna take  a lovely photo together, okay? Right there.  [Camera shutter clicks] All right.  Thank you so much for coming. Appreciate it.  Step right up. What do you got there?  Are these magic mush-- Oh, the-- Oh!  These are all caps, too. Oh, my goodness. Well, if history has  taught us anything, it's that this evening  is almost certain to end with me stealing a boat. Is that something?  I don't even know why. Hey, uh, Jim.  Could I... Y-- One --  Pardon me a moment. Yes, my friend? Art Newly just announced  that he's officially retiring at the end of the season, and the new head  of PR from Atlanta is coming down tomorrow  for a meeting. Now, I don't want you to read  too much into this. -Holy shit! I did it! I did it!  -We still don't know. No, I made it back to the top of the mountain, Charles. Oh, my God! I could not have done it  without you. I love you! Mwah! I love you, Charles. I can't believe you won't  say it back to me. I am not gonna say it, and I can't believe  you're saying it to me. That's just gonna make it  all the sweeter when I finally wear you down. But tonight is about  celebratin', baby! Not too hard. You s-- You have  the meeting tomorrow. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  All right. Hey, everybody. Everybody, I want you  to show me your cocaine. Who's carrying cocaine?  Hold it on up there. -I got some.  -Okay. Let's see.  -Me, me, me, me! Right here.  -All right. That appears to be  only an eight ball. So I'm gonna go with you two 'cause I got  a busy day tomorrow! [Elevator bell dings] You could say  what you will, but I am just so happy for you, bro. Oh, well,  thank you, Raj. Could not have done it  without you calling all those road games.  No, you've been a lifesaver. Come on.  Look, thank you. I just enjoyed joining your brotherhood of the booth. And I must say, you're much less racist  than I thought you'd be. Well, my goodness. I wish I could take more credit for that, but, uh, the bar set by old white men in this great country of ours is just, oh, so very low. Yep. As soon as you raise it up  a little bit, someone knocks it  back down, huh? Man, you keep screwing up.  -We do. Listen, let's commemorate  this hand-off on the 'gram. Get in here.  -Ah, the ubiquitous 'gram. -Mm-hmm.  -All right. Hey, whoa, whoa! What are you doing here,  asshole? -Whoa, whoa! Jim!  -What's that? Hey, look, I invited him, okay? Look -- -You invited him?  -Yes. You're both my brohams, so I was hoping  we could end this feud because you actually have a lot in common, okay? You're both really stubborn superstars. I mean, you --  -Whoa, whoa. Superstar? Are you kidding me? Hey, I've known all the titans  of mascotry, okay? The Phillie Phanatic,  he officiated my wedding. You are not a superstar. You are a mime  in Muppet's clothing. What -- What's that? What is that? I don't even understand that. I think  he's flipping you off. You fuck your mother with  that claw, you stupid idiot? -Come on!  -Jim Brockmire? -Yeah.  -I'm Whitney Masterson. I'm the new head of PR  for Atlanta. Is -- Is there a problem?  -No, no. I mean, I don't pretend to be  a crustacean for a living, so I'm very good,  thank you. Raj, can you join us,  as well, please? Yeah. Come on.  More the merrier. Plan the old line  of succession here. Hey, medium mascot talent!  At best! Dummy! First of all, Jim,  the organization wishes to thank you  for doing all that it asked of you  over the last year. Well, please thank  the organization for doing everything  I asked of them.  [Chuckles] It was a little unusual,  only calling home games, and it was a bit of  a strange contract rider. I mean... "Jim Brockmire does not ride  the bus -- exclamation point. Make sure they spell  'exclamation point' because that's how much  I don't want to ride the bus." Yeah, you know,  I used to say the bus is just like  a concentration-camp train that made more stops, but, uh, well,  I quickly discovered that people prefer  their Holocaust humor to come  from Roberto Benigni and [Chuckles]  pretty much nobody else. Okay. Before I was hired in PR, I interned in the  analytics department, and I learned a very  important lesson. Human perception... is a lie. But math -- math always  tells the truth. For example, we believed that  hiring an Internet celebrity would bring in new fans, but the numbers told  a different story. What is that --  like, two pie charts? I don't understand  what's happening. It's a Venn diagram, Jim. Oh. Okay. According  to focus groups, our fans  hate your podcast, and your podcast fans  hate baseball. Interesting, right?  -Mm-hmm. So, next, we tested  that same group to find Art Newly's likability -- 92 out of 100. I mean, makes sense.  He's beloved by generations. Then, we tested, uh,  Jim's likability. 67.  -Ha! -Okay.  -Yeah! -Is that a good number?  -Great question. We needed context.  We needed a control. So we tested Raj. And here's where  it gets interesting. Raj is an 84. [Chuckles] Out of what, like 200? Out of 100. 200 would make your 67  look even worse. You get how that works?  -Yes, no, thank you. I'm not a complete idiot. Look, anybody could  see that this kid's gonna be a big star one day.  -Agreed. Which is why  replacing Art Newly will now be a two-man competition between you and Raj. This kid's a hack!  Are you kidding me? I've known sperm on a crusty  sock with more life experience. I'm sorry, Jim. The decision's been made --  far above my head. With insistent and  unwavering support from me. I think I speak for Raj when  I say that neither one of us wants any part  of this thing. No.  No, I'm in -- 100%. Et tu, broham? Look. You've been  like a mentor to me. Uh-huh. We both know it.  So there's no way I'm gonna let them pit us  against each other. Ah. Excellent. Y-Y-You gonna bow out, then? No, I just think we should try  our best and see what happens. Hey, "F" that, all right?  "F" that. Look, I know this has been a dream of both of ours for a very long time. A dream. That's really funny.  No, not really. I just did, like, improv  for a little while, and then I took  a broadcasting class. I didn't even  really finish it. I really wanted to call  G-League basketball, but that's, like,  a hard gig to get. Then Jesus Christ, man,  let me have it. Why can't we both  just try to earn it? 'Cause I might not win it  that way, Raj. Do you know how many  diverse play-by-play men there are in baseball? It's not a rhetorical question.  I literally have no idea. I'm not a baseball fan.  I just want to know if I  should hire a publicist. Okay, have it your way,  but you and I, we are sworn enemies now,  I mean it. You never know where or how or when I am gonna strike next, but let me put it  to you this way. Bob Costas did not expect  to get pink eye at the Sochi Olympics  either, but I sure as shit  made that happen. Okay, okay, you're --  you're mad at me now. But I will win you back  because everyone loves me. It's a rare gift. Only Sandy Bullock,  Alex Trebek, and I have it. Announcer:  Ladies and gentlemen,  Fan Fest is about to begin. I freakin' love you. Have fun out there, okay?  I'll send some your way. The gates are open. Head down to the field to meet  your favorite Crawdaddy. There you are, fan.  Enjoy the Fan Fest. Are you wearing sunblock?  Fan Fest is three hour-- You [bleep] Charles. You screwed me right in the asshole. -What?  -You tricked me into thinking this podcast thingy would get me the Atlanta job, but it didn't do dick. Quite the opposite.  God damn it. I should just -- I should quit that stupid podcast. If you're gonna quit anything,  it should be this.  What? You're doing radio broadcast  of a Minor League Baseball game to, what, 20,000 people? "Brock Bottom" gets half  a million downloads an episode. Hey, give us a second here,  friend, all right? We're in the middle  of something, okay? We're making good money  from the live shows, but the real money  is in touring. If you quit this, we can sell out theaters across the country, maybe even leapfrog over  "Fresh Air" for the number-two spot. Well, as much as that  Terry Gross needs to taken down  a peg or two, I am a baseball man,  Charles. I mean, the podcast is nice  and everything, but, uh, it ain't  the major leagues. Ah! Yeah!  [Speaking Creole] Is he speaking Creole? Bam!  Oh, oh. Bam! God, there's  so many of you. I am really screwed. Oh, there he is. What's he doing now? Oh. Is that supposed to be me? Oh, I get it. I'm so drunk I can hardly walk. That -- That's just hilarious. You know what, though? You're not quite  selling it, though. Can I give you  a quick pointer? [Grunts] [Bat clanks] Shouldn't you be  more discreet about that? I am being discreet. Not pouring anything  out of this, am I? So, what was that big idea to beat Raj you texted me about? I spent all last night  looking up things people like on the Internet. Came up with a lot of videos  of autistic kids sinking 3-point baskets, but, uh, apparently, they're very hard to find on short notice. And that dog who can't catch pizza -- You know that guy? -- he is booked solid  for an entire year. And then it hit me, Charles -- Make-A-Wish cancer kids. -Oh, Jesus Christ. No.  -Yes. Unfortunately, when I called the Make-A-Wish Foundation, they informed me that no child had ever requested a visit to a Minor League Baseball broadcast booth. That is so weird! So I took the liberty of calling around to local cancer wards till I came upon the parents of 8-year-old Dylan Cole, and I convinced them  to let him join me in the booth this afternoon. What exactly is wrong  with Dylan? I don't know. Must be really bad because his doctors, they did not want him to leave the hospital. -I won't be a part of this.  -No, agreed. You know why? Apparently, he has  a lot of equipment he needs to help him breathe, so there's gonna be no room for you there in the booth. Your job is gonna be to do focus testing. That means you hang around here in the stadium and you gauge how great  this is playing. Take some videos so we can show Whitney later. Oh, man. This is gonna be so freakin' uplifting! Everybody's panties  are gonna be wet -- wet from tears! [Slurps] Wet from tears, Charles! -Man: Jim Brockmire?  -Yeah? We'd like you to meet the bravest kid in the world -- our son, Dylan. Hey. Hi. Oh, hi.  That's so many tubes. H-Hi, Dylan. Short pop fly to center  for out number three. Crawdaddys  coming up to bat now, and to help me call  the bottom of the 4th is tiny hero and cancer  survivor, Mr. Dylan Cole. He's eight years old.  -Aww! Uh, Dylan, who's your  favorite ballplayer, son? [Breathing heavily] Hmm? Okay, how 'bout I, uh --  I'm gonna move the mic a little bit closer for you,  and that should make it easier. Go ahead. [Breathing heavily] You know what? I-I-If it's  too difficult for you, I-I -- maybe  you shouldn't answer. No, I don't want you  to waste the energy, son. It's all right.  I don't want you to answer. It's all right. Never mind.  Let go of the mic. Is he gonna hurt himself? O-Okay. All right.  Go ahead. Dylan: Buster...Posey. Wasn't worth it.  Uh, not by a long shot. Okay. ♪♪ [Crying] ♪♪ Top of the 5th, folks. Dylan is gone. His parents wheeled him  on out of here. -Oh.  -Um... See, I invited young Dylan  into the booth because I thought it might  be inspiring for people. I mean, who is not inspired  by the courageous tale of a young man  battling cancer -- as a curveball drops  in there for a strike. 0-1. See, the thing is, though,  I guess I wonder why because I was not uplifted  by Dylan's burden. If anything, it just  turned over the rock under which I keep buried the knowledge of my own mortality -- as Sanchez looks  at one high and away. 1-1. I mean, maybe we like kids with  cancer so much... No, no, no. ...because they're the only time  that human beings are actually all  united in empathy. But, uh, if it takes the torment  of those most vulnerable among us to bring us  all together, then, well, what does  that say about humanity -- as Sanchez pulls  that one foul, 1-2. Is it because  these kids all know that they're headed  to a better place? Well, they're all raised  on fairy tales and Santa Claus, aren't they? I mean, their certainty  in heaven should offer us  no consolation -- as Sanchez steps  out of the box. Out of the way! No, see, I suspect the true  reason is much darker. I suspect that, at a base level, one that none of us  wants to admit, we love kids with cancer because  their imminent deaths remind us that we are still alive, people. They are the ones  being punished, not us -- as Sanchez strikes out  for the fourth time today. Shit. That was way worse than I thought it was gonna be. Charles: It was  only a one-game suspension. It could've been  way worse, right? Hey, Jim? Yeah? Why are we here? Charles, sometimes you just have to cut out those annoying middlemen called fun and conversation... and get straight  to the booze. ♪♪ I just watched a man pull out  his own loose tooth. I hate it here. I didn't get carded  when I came in, and I'm not even  the youngest person here. Oh, Lil Pete's all right. No, don't -- don't make eye contact with him. That third trip to juvie,  that changed him. What are you having, hmm?  I'm buying. Yeah, um, I can't be  your producer, your roommate,  your best friend, housekeeper,  and drinking buddy. I know you said I can't say  their name anymore, but I only know one person who  can match you drink for drink. If you want some company, I recommend making  a call to Morristown. [Sighs] Yeah, you're right. [Knock on door] Ha ha! [Laughs] Whoo! You know this is not  who I was talking about. There he is.  Brockmire. Oh, man! I brought you a present. Oh.  What are those, mints? Horse tranquilizer. Ah, you see?  I missed you. Come here. Mwah! You're more likable  when you're drunk. Those are the words that every alcoholic longs to be true. This is New Orleans. Every carnal pleasure  was invented right here. You're a brown Joe Buck. Ha ha. No. Joe Buck is a white me. This literally could not  get any worse. Lucy? Okay, it just got  significantly worse. ♪♪ This comeback might be over  before it's begun. Ho. We are definitely not  on the same page about how to spend  this evening. "Brockmire."  Wednesdays at 10:00 on IFC. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 