Brockmire: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brockmire 
 s4e2 - Three Year Contract - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brockmire (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Three Year Contract - full transcript 
 Jim tries to enact changes in baseball but is met by resistance from the owner. Meanwhile, his relationship with his daughter is deteriorating. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
          [kettle beeps]       - Initiating boiling.   - We interrupt this broadcast        with breaking news.              - What?      - Presidential mistress   accused of human trafficking.            - Hey, Mom.         - What's going on        with the President?      - That already happened.           Old news, Mom.     Anyway, Mom, you've gotta         watch this show...     - But there were so many.   - Grandma, you said you would     be a guest on my podcast.      - The questions you ask         are too intimate. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
     [kettle steaming loudly]         What's happening        with the squirrels?   - It's all a government lie,       which you would know,        if you would listen          to my podcast!         Grandma. Grandma!     - I am ready. I am ready.            - [screams]         - Content fatigue,   it's real and it's a problem.          Millions suffer         from the anxiety,        inability to focus,         and irritability            brought on      by mild to moderate CF,        and it's even worse          for us seniors.      Did you know the brain     of an average 60-year-old         can only hold 150    narrative content streams? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
        That's half the NCS     of somebody in their 30s.            [chuckles]      No wonder it's so darn       overwhelming for us.        Sure, we could just        watch less content,           but in these       ever-changing times,  why should we get left behind?     CholEra relaxes the folds           of your brain   so it can take more content,         and take it deep.     Don't let the fast-paced  modern world get away from you.       Keep up with CholEra.    CholEra's not habit forming.        Side effects include        irregular heartbeat,      blurred vision, nausea,           and vomiting,    stomach pain, constipation,         gas, indigestion,    and loose stools, dry mouth,        altered taste buds,      and changes in appetite,   sleepiness, trouble sleeping,    or vivid and unusual dreams            about teeth,          frequent stools,          changes in mood,    thoughts of killing yourself             or others,       and explosive stools.     - I keep up with CholEra.        [soft guitar music]    - When I first took the job          of commissioner,         a lot of people,    and I mean a lot of people,           they told me     it was really a bad idea.    They said that baseball was           already dead   and just lying there, bloated     by the side of the river,        and I was just some     emotionally troubled kid       driven to poke at it           with a stick  out of my own morbid curiosity.      Now, if you're not used     to that particular brand      of risqué humor coming      from your commissioner,        get ready, people,    because baseball's original         bad boy is back,          and I am ready    to cause trouble, America.            [chuckles]          [clears throat]            Okay, look,         it's my pleasure      to announce that today         is the first day         of baseball 2.0.     [triumphant music playing]                ♪ ♪          - Baseball 2.0.             [echoes]  - So are you shortening games,               or--         - We're gonna do         better than that!     We're giving the batters      different colored bats.           That's right!           Say good-bye  to baseball's biggest problem,  those dull and colorless bats,           and say hello        to my friend Batty.         Come on up here.       Look how happy he is.            He's happy     'cause we got new colors.       Although, he's still     in the traditional color.      - So the only change is     that batters get to pick        whatever color bat    they wanna go to bat with?  - Well, no, they get to choose      from five pre-approved,        officially exciting          MLB bat colors.     Help me out here, Batty.   P--Batty, pull the thing off.        Like we rehearsed.         Thank you, Batty.    So we got wood, dark wood,          mountain blue,   rose gold, and Pete Rose red,       my personal favorite.  - Dark wood and mountain blue,     they look exactly alike.  - Well, I've been assured that   they are actually different.       Finally, the players          get to show off   their colorful personalities.       Provided, of course,    they choose a bat different   from the player before them,           and different      from the one after them      in the on-deck circle,       who, for some reason  that I don't quite understand,   gets his first choice of bat.        But you know what?   Let's not focus on the many,      many, many, many rules        about the new bats;  let's have a little bit of fun.            All right?        Here we go, Batty,         help me out here.              Batty?             Oh, boy.          How 'bout being   a goddamn professional, sir?      It's Batty's first day,           he's still--  He's still getting acclimated.            You ready?       And a one, and a two,          and away we go.  ♪ Bats, bats, so many colors ♪         ♪ Bats, different         than the other ♪          Big finish now.                            Bats!        Remember, above the head,                           Batty.                     There ya go!                            Bats! - Jim, do you need anything?         - Yeah, chemical shower,  'cause that was the worst thing       I've ever done in my life,                  and I once went    to a Scientology jazz brunch. - Early numbers show we're down 20% from last year. The bad flu season plus the rolling Medicare outages have put a dent in our fan interest, since so many of our fans are now dead.             - Well, that's gonna                   be the problem     when their median age is 73,                        isn't it? - Mm-mm, 69 now. In demographics, it's known as a reaper's cull.       - Reaper's cull, huh?           Boy, oh, boy,        I'll tell you what.      We gotta get ourselves          some new fans,     and I know it's possible.  I raised a young, enthusiastic,    and engaged baseball fan--      And speak of the angel,           here she is.           Hey, darling.                    - Oh, my God,     I saw your bat dance online.   How did you defile the dignity     of the commissioner's office          on your very first day?       - And I love you too,            sweetheart. - Hi, Beth. I love your hair.         - Oh, thank you.               Hmm.             - Thanks.           - Hey, Beth.               - Hi.     Uncle Charles, what's up?             - How's film school?         - Oh, it's good,          but NYU changed      the name of the program     to content-pod creation.              - Ugh.       - I'm sure they did.   I'm sure your dad loves that.              - Ugh!              - Yeah,     he's never mentioned it.  You know how restrained he is.         [bat smacks on TV]           - Nice play.         - Yeah, I'm out.     - Oh, you just got here.                 - Hate baseball,           love you guys, though.          - Eh, Charles.        - The game started, like,                     an hour ago.                   How's it still             in the first inning?           - That's how.  Pick a bat, there are only six!              Please.            [chuckles]        Important thing is,    we're here together, yeah?          Happy holidays.         - Happy holidays.      - Bet you're wondering        what we meant there          by "holidays." - Sure, yeah.      - When we first became    a family, I was determined          that we'd have    some traditions of our own,       so I decided to make    opening day part Christmas,       part Fourth of July,    and 100% Brockmire, right?    I mean, makes about as much      sense as Jesus Egg Day        and Jesus Tree Day.    Still hasn't chosen a bat.        I don't understand         what's happening.       - Happy opening day.             - Thanks.          See you later.     - Pick a bat, pick a bat.         - Okay, old man.           Here you go. - Ah, opening day gift. My favorite.         - It's a "Limen"             - Limon.            - A Limon.            - See the--         - Okay--oh, look,       it's a little lemon.    - Yeah, it's this amazing,      new digital assistant.         - Oh, oh, I see.                   - You hate it? - No, no, no, I love it. It's just, haven't we had some kinda corporate spyware in our living room for years now? I mean, why is this little guy so different?          - So it's the algorithm  So if Google's like a chainsaw,          Limon's like a scalpel. - Right.    - It predicts all your needs,         it adapts to your whims,          and it learns at, like,             an exponential rate. - Smarter robots, and our dystopia is now complete. Thank you. All right. Here's yours. Ta-da.   It's from the first ballgame    that we ever saw together.    Those are our ticket stubs     and that's the scorecard.  - You got everybody to sign it?                     Even McCabe?          Isn't McCabe, like, a-- - In jail for killing his brother, he most certainly is. I had to go to Angola prison in Louisiana, but anywhoodles, pens and pencils are considered murder weapons in there, so we had to etch his name into it with his fingernail. It was a hell of a thing.                - Wow, gonna make      a great conversation piece. - Now, I know what you're thinking. Where am I gonna hang this in my room? Well, I have several thoughts--           - Yeah, actually, Dad,          I wanted to talk to you                      about that.          I wanna live on campus.    - Campus is 27 blocks away,    how am I gonna do your hair          every morning?  I mean, I guess I could get up    early to beat the traffic, and do it while you slept, but, boy, that's gonna limit my style options, isn't it?        - I'm still gonna see you                    all the time.          I personally think that            a little bit of space     might be good for us, right? - No, and it's going to be absolutely horrible.    [smooth instrumental music]   - Jim, your car's almost here.     You should eat something.     Let me make you some tea.      - I don't want any tea.     - Come on, you can take it         to go if you want.  - I said I don't want any tea,           God damn it.     - Someone's a grumpy Gus.    I'm glad you're seeing Beth               today.    Just try not to smother her.   You know it drives her crazy.      - I don't smother her.  I have an all encompassing love             for her,      which from the outside  might seem kinda constricting,        but from the inside  it's actually quite warm and--              - Sure.         - You know what,  I don't have to explain myself          to you, Limon.       Jesus, you don't even        understand emotion.          - You're right.             I'm sorry.     Now please have some eggs.     - I don't want any eggs,       but I'd love to know  how you made the goddamn eggs.              Jesus.          - How's the tea?     - Oh, you know very well     it's frickin' delicious,     but you know what, Limon,    you don't know everything.            [together]             Alfalfa.            [together]             Dragoon.            [together]            Vermillion.           - Dictionary.         - Thesaurus. Ha!    Not so smart, now, are you?          - You're right.            You got me.       Jim, you're so smart.        - Hang on a second,  did you get that last one wrong            on purpose      so I would feel better        and eat something?     - Oh, Jim, now you know me             too well.          - Jesus Christ,  that is absolutely terrifying.    I mean, how'd you make 'em        in the first place?     - Have a nice opening day.       [rock and roll music]       [indistinct chatter]       - Liz, order me some eggs?   I got in a fight with my Limon                    this morning.                   It turned into               a whole big thing.   Wait, hold on a second, wait,  Now, they--it snuck a Luna bar          into my pocket.   Christ, how does it do that? Hey, happy opening day, my darling.     - Hey, happy opening day.              - Hey.        - So what happened to all               your colored bats? - Oh, baseball 2.0 is dead. The owners decided to reboot the old game as baseball classic.            - So you just changed                    the uniforms? - Just uniforms, that's right. And I'll tell ya, due to the recent six month heat wave, the players are none too happy about it, either.      - Yeah, it's gotta be tough                          to play        in 1/4-inch thick cotton. - Well, a hundred years ago, we actually had this thing called winter. But you know what, enough about work. Don't wanna talk about that, how are you? How's college? Tell me everything.                     - It's good. - Okay. That's it, it's good? Come on. Oh, is that for me? Look at--ooh, an envelope.       - Happy opening day.        - Very mysterious. Might it contain a treasure map to the hidden location of my present? No, it's an Amazon gift card, which is--that's also very nice. Thank--thank you.          - We agreed to go small                       this year. - We absolutely did. You're right. And there's yours.       - Wow, did you paint that? - Took some classes for some years, it's really no big deal.   - Really aged yourself down.        - Artistic license.       - What am I supposed to do          with a 10-foot painting               in an 8-foot dorm? - [sighs] Limon was right. It was a mistake to use "Guernica" as a reference.                    - I gotta go. - What do you mean go, you're not gonna stay for the game?                    - I'm meeting               with some friends. - At least let me do your hair, God, it's gotten so long. It's got no shape to it. What I can see is way off trend, but lucky for you, I brought my caboodle.          - Dad, I don't want you           to do my hair anymore. - I just want to take a couple of layers off the top, I swear.   - I appreciate the cosmetology          night classes you took,     and the sleepovers where you   gave makeovers to my friends-- - Did Gigi tell ya, I did her hair before her wedding last month, and she said, and I'm quoting now, I was the first person to ever bring out the woman she always wanted to see in the mirror. Well, invite your friends here, darling, I get half off concessions, I think you--      - They don't like baseball,                             Dad. - Yeah, but you do. Right?             - Look, you love it,                  and I love you,        but, honestly, it's long,                 and it's boring,          and it seems vestigial.        Like America's sixth toe. - I see.                    - I gotta go. - Sixth toe.     - Another player passed out.     They're asking for 20 minute   hydration breaks every inning. - Well, how long do they estimate that's gonna make the game?               - It'll lean 5:20.          [dynamic music] - Liz, who does your hair?                 - A black woman. - Okay.   - It's just there's really no     difference between America and the Philippines, except the U.S. has better branding. It's like we're sold this idea of the middle class being our standard of living, but it's not. Flint still doesn't have clean water, Arizona doesn't even have water, and--      - I think we're supposed to       call it the Disputed Lands         now that the whole thing             has spread to Texas. - Yes! Yes, that's what I mean. There's no first world, there's no third world, there's just this one big broken world where inequality reigns and the deadly scramble for resources has only just begun. [inhaling]      [angsty pop music plays           over speakers] This shit is good.                         - Right?            I got it from my dad.                     Thanks, Dad.      Not everything is terrible.     I mean, Limon introduced us,      so human beings have taught                        a machine                    to bring love                 into this world. - Let's go to your room.             - [groans] We can't!            My roommate's running              a Netflix marathon.            What about your room?          I mean, Suzy won't even                notice us, right?    I mean, she pretty much lives               in "Furtherworld." - Yeah, her mind is in the game, but her body is still in the room. Also, I know you're not supposed to be able to smell when she poops in the Furtherchair, but she only empties that thing, like, once a week.        - I guess we could, like,         go out and do something?                      Go to MOMA.                       [chuckles]                         Oh, hey,          we could go see a game. - Baseball game?                       - [laughs]                       Seriously?           They still have those?            [pin beeps]             - Limon.            - Yes, Beth?         - What day is it?        - Sunday, April 3rd.  - Limon, do I have any messages           from my dad?           - You have 72         unheard messages.              - Shit!              - What? - Okay, there's a lot of panic in that number, huh?      And if I go he's gonna        be this nightmare,        but if I don't go,   it's gonna be this big deal,         but the truth is,         I don't wanna go,     and I only want it to be        a small deal, so--     - Wait, so your dad lives           in New York?   How come I've never met him?     - We really haven't been       getting along lately,  but today's always really been     our thing, like, really.              - Okay,     so why don't we go then?       We'll pop in, say hi,           it'll be fun.     - No, no, it will be loud     and intense and memorable        and a little scary,   but one thing it will not be              is fun.      My dad doesn't have fun             anymore,         he just tolerates           and survives.     - Then we'll make it fun.      [discordant strumming]           [organ music]             - [sighs]        Does it look okay? - Yeah.                 - Uncle Charles,                why are you here? - Jim called me. It sounded like a cry for help, Mainly because he was crying and he actually said help.          - Shit, I can't believe               I missed the game. - No, no, you didn't.     - It started five hours ago. - Yeah, well, everyone left, but it's still going on. Baseball is still the worst. Look, I should go. Seeing Jim like this and it usually ends with me doing something I really don't wanna do.    Um, is this your boyfriend,            by the way?              - Brad.      [mimics sci-fi noises]           - Holy shit.            Good luck.     - That's--that's your uncle?       - Yeah, we're going,              - Okay.      - Shit, he's gone full          "Godfather II"           We should go.    - I see you cut your hair.            - Hey, Dad.        Happy opening day.   - Thought you weren't coming.  It's crazy, cause you wouldn't        hurt me like that.    It's what I kept reminding       myself as I sat here      alone and in the dark.       [feet pitter-patter]          Am I to assume      that he is my present?  You don't seem to have brought      anything else with you. - I'm Brad. Beth's boyfriend. And just so you know, sir, this relationship, it's Limon verified, so.     - Well, I'm disappointed.   I thought for sure he'd have   a guitar, maybe even a banjo. - Actually, sir, they call it a mandolin--        - Brad, don't walk       right into the punch.      Dad, you wanna be nice? - So, sir, this baseball thing. Is that like cricket? You know, I gotta tell you, sir, I love cricket. [laughs] Yeah.        - [humming loudly] - Oh, sir, are you okay?    - Mm, I'm just biting down       on my tongue so hard,     I can taste my own blood,           but I'm fine.       Tastes like cherries.      - Okay, you know what,    why don't you wait outside?      - No, please, I'll go.            After all,     the game is finally over.             [grunts]        Look out, look out!            - Dad. Dad.          Why do you have to make      everything such a big deal? - You two are in love, huh? Why, cause Limon told you so? I mean, it does know exactly how long it takes to reheat a pizza, why shouldn't it be qualified to warm up the messy stew known as human emotions as well?            - Look, I asked Limon                     to set me up                 with the perfect               college boyfriend,               and you know what,                   Brad is great.    And I look forward to looking               at pictures of him     and his family in ten years,              wondering if I made               the right decision                    to leave him,          but knowing in my heart                      that I did. - Well, all right, that's actually pretty smart. But Beth, you come in here with a haircut, it's not even flattering to your facial structure--             - Thanks.             - No, I-- It's like I don't even know who you are anymore. I mean, what else has changed? I mean, next thing you're gonna tell me, you're shaving your underarms now. Are you shaving your underarms? You are, aren't you. My God, I thought I raised you to reject all forms of patrilocal grooming. What man told you to shave your underarms? Was it Brad? Was it?   - No, Dad, you're the only man          who's ever talked to me              about my underarms. - So he's not even interested in the struggle that it represents. You know something, if anything, that is worse.            - I'm not doing this.          Enjoy baseball classic. - Well, baseball classic is dead, darling. Our new slogan is short, and it's to the point. Baseball, now or never.        My idea, first one       I've had in two years          that the owners       have actually liked.      People don't come back         to this game now,          it's gonna die.        - Even your slogans      are passive aggressive.   - Why are you so cruel to me?        Is there a reason?      - You think it's cruel     that I want my own life?   - I think that's very clearly       what I'm saying, yes.     - Look, I've been seeing    a therapist and she told--         - You have been?      Wait a minute, darling,    that's so good, no, because        you've experienced   so much trauma in your life,   I mean, the loss of your mom,         and being raised   by those religious fanatics,          and immigrating         to this country.        - Yeah, I talk some         about that stuff.    - I'm so glad to hear that.    - I mainly talk about you.             - Judas!       I gave you my heart. - I know! I know you love me.     that's what we talk about            in therapy.        Your love is--it's         all encompassing,    but it's all encompassing.           I need to set   healthy boundaries with you.   I mean, you followed me, Dad. You followed me to New York, and you never even wanted to be commissioner.        - That's not true.    God, you make me sound like  I have absolutely no integrity.    - You're the face of a drug         that makes people         shit themselves.    - Oh, only if they want to,        and you know what?   Those voluntary adult diapers      are putting you through   college, Floribeth Brockmire.              [sighs]    - Yeah, you're a good dad.          You really are  in your own bat shit crazy way,  but I need you to dial it down,        like, at least 60%           because this      is not working for me.                      - Oh, well,            is it working for me?         Is that what it's doing?      I know I hang on too tight,                            okay,         but you totally vanished                  on me, darn it.              [sighs]      And you're all I have.             - [sighs]              Dad...     Maybe if you stop leaving        50 messages a week,      I can start making time       for visits, you know?       Once every two weeks,             to start.      Also my therapist said         she really thinks           we could use      some sessions together.      - Okay, how about two,      three sessions a week?         I'm just kidding.  I'll come whenever I'm invited.   - You know I love you, right?         - I love you too.  Boy, no idea what I'm gonna do    with all my free time, now.  Where am I gonna focus all this        love and attention?       - How 'bout baseball?            - [scoffs]   The owners will never let me      enact any real change.     - Since when do you need     permission for anything?    Just follow your instincts      and make a lot of noise           when you do.         - You know what,     you're absolutely right.    God damn it, I can do this.           I understand    the modern media landscape.             I'm hip.       Is hip still a thing            people say?    I just realized, I haven't  heard that in a very long time.         Oh, God, I sound  like I'm a thousand years old,             don't I?   Like when Aunt Jean asked you        if you smoke grass.        Do you smoke grass?          [door clicking]        Charles, thank God        you're still here.    I need you to help me save          baseball, sir.       [rock and roll music]            He'll help.            He'll help.              - Yeah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 