Brockmire: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brockmire 
 s3e7 - Episode #3.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brockmire (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 7 - Episode #3.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You'd probably really like my ex-wife. I mean, most people do. Well, most men do. With hindsight, Lucy and I probably should have gotten to know each other better. You know, the only things we had in common were high sex drives and our firm belief in the film career of David Caruso. Both of those caused us just years of heartbreak. All of which couldn't have been avoided with just a couple of more sober dates like this one. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah. This is a really sober date. Just the soberest. Isn't it? Two people out enjoying each other on a bright, sunny afternoon. So unbelievably sunny. Are you sweating from every pore as well? Yes. Maybe it's the aerodynamics of this bike? I feel like we're pedaling an IMAX screen. Well, would you like to, uh, as the kids say, uh... pull over and park? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Uh, really? Ooh. I feel like I'm... every inch of me is sticky. But sure, yeah, let's make out at 11:00 a.m. - Yeah? - Yeah. - What the heck, right? - Okay. Look, I've been dying for you to make a move for weeks. But it's way too hot for any form of physical embrace. Agreed. So, uh... Well, just lips and tongue then. - Sure. - Okay. Uh... - Okay, I'm calling it. - We really tried! We did. We tried. I caught that broadcast you and Gabby did. - Yeah? - That was, uh... unique. Well, we got some nice think pieces out of it. Also some pretty strong backlash, but then there was a pretty big backlash to the backlash. - So... - Hey, listen. You two broadcast a spring training game and made people give a shit. They should pin a goddamn medal on both of you. I told the Oakland brass my dying wish is that you and Gabby take over the TV booth. Well, boy, Matt, I appreciate that gesture, but I really wish you would not talk like that. What? Dying wish? That's just something you say from a hospital bed to get what you want. Got me that pallet of Dunkaroos. - Holy shit. - Yeah. Those things are discontinued. I mean, it's like I'm eating dodo eggs. Hey. - Hey, Jim. - Hey, Maggie. Thank you. I didn't know you'd be here today. I am. How... how are you? - Good. - Excellent. - Thank you. - Oh, well, laters. Mm-hmm. Wow. I was gonna ask how the date went, but it's pretty clear you did not dunk your roo. Did not. Yeah, I... she's the first person I've ever tried to be with in sobriety. You know, I have absolutely no clue how to convince somebody to have sex with me without the aid of alcohol. You just need practice. Here, I'll help you. Come on. Try and fuck me. No. No, no. No, I take role play very seriously. Neither of us are in the proper wardrobe, and my wig guy is still in Baltimore, so... What... what are you afraid of? Come on. Don't be a pussy. I'm already in bed half naked, Come on, see if you can get your dick sucked. - Make a move. Let's go. - Uh, all right. Hey, hey. Jeez, what... get... No! - Ew! Gross. Pass! - Come on. Just grabbing a handful of titty? I'm not your whore, Brockmire. Try it again. Remember I'm a goddamn lady. Hang on. You got a little eyelash there. Hold on. Oh, I see. You're doing "eyelash"? - Are you kidding me? - What? What are you, the Fonz? - Oh, all right. - Do I look like Pinky Tuscadero? Get out of 1974, you desperate hack. God, you're terrible at this! I told you that I was. Look. All right. Let's just try this. This'll be another unique experience for you. Be honest. Tell her you want her to take your sober virginity, but you're scared. The vulnerability angle worked great for me when I first got diagnosed with cancer. Got a ton of ass. Weren't you still married to Meegan when you were first diagnosed? Yeah, we had one of those marriages where we both agreed to be terrible people. I had one of those. Well, she had that agreement. So you ready to go get dinner? You know, before we go out, do you mind if I take a shower? I came here straight from work. - Here? - Mm-hmm. - Now? - Yeah. Yeah, sure. Go right ahead. There's towels and stuff in there. Okay. So I'll just be naked in there should you need anything. It'd be weird if you weren't. I mean, wouldn't it? Yeah. Okay. Am I missing something? - Whoa! - Oh! I forgot Clemenza was in there. So sorry about that. It's all right. You can shower with him. He likes to wet his little toesies. Just... if he starts nipping at you, he's not kidding around. That's his one flaw. He lacks a sense of humor. Uh, can you get him out of here? Oh, of course. My bad. I am so sorry. Come on, Clemenza. Not nice to scare the nice lady. It's not funny. You know, I've been looking for the right moment to talk to you about our whole deal here. The thing is, I've never had a relationship sober. Boy, I've never even had sex sober. Yeah, come to think of it, I don't think I have ever seen a naked woman... Say, how are you? 'Cause that... I like every bit of that. Shut up and kiss me, please. Absolutely. Mm. Hey, before we get into this, I have a confession to make. I used to listen to your podcast all the time. I just... I didn't want you to see me as some weird groupie. Oh, no. I love groupies. No, seriously. They guarantee that at least one person in this relationship likes me. All those stories you used to tell about your sexual exploits around the world... - Yeah. - Really turned me on. - Really? - Mm-hmm. Well, then allow me to introduce you to a veritable buffet of sexual delights. A smorgasbord of orgasm-inducing delicacies from around the globe. I'm talking about the Chi-Town Get-Down. A Thousand and One A-Labian Nights. Ooh, the Bangkok Bang Cock. The Bangkok Tangkok. Now, that last one, that involves us going to the store to get Tang. But, uh, it's worth it. Hey. - Nothing's happening down there. - I know. Is everything okay? My penis normally jumps up, like a rambunctious golden retriever on his way to the park. Could I give it a try myself? - Sure. - I call this maneuver. "Billy Joel's the Stranger." See, 'cause I go in lefty. Okay. Um... - I have an idea. - Yeah. I'd like to take my penis and fold it in half and just kind of jam it on in there with my thumb in hopes that once it gets wet it will expand like one of those fun dinosaur sponges. What do you say? Give it a try? - Cool. Yeah. - It could work. Okay. Okay. Boy, I am so sorry. So I'ma stop. And I'm gonna work through my shame by going down on you. So, you know, clear out your next couple hours. Because my overcompensation is gonna become your erotic marathon! Here I go. All right. Just getting into position. Hello, my hooded friend. Okay. Okay. I mean, I don't like to toot my pussy-eating horn here, but it was... No, it was a bravura performance. She would have given me a standing O, well, if her legs had still worked. But... even my enjoyment at her total and complete satisfaction could not rouse my hibernating hog. It was just... it was devastating, people. You know. I mean, I'm sure I'm not the only man in here to have dealt with impotence. I mean, am I right, guys? Hmm? Really, guys? I mean, there's more handicap placards out there than cars. But in this room full of medical maladies, I'm the only human being to have dealt with this issue. Is that what you're telling me? Larry? Look at me, Larry. I'm looking at you, Larry. Because you're an elderly gentleman with circulatory problems who's battling prostate cancer, yet somehow, some way, you're just hard as a rock down there on demand? Is that it? Jim. They had to amputate your foot, Larry. 'Cause not enough blood was flowing to it. Probably all just pooling there in your rock-hard Johnson, huh? Come on, Jim. Are you hard right now, Larry? Jim, knock it off. If we wheeled you into the center of the room, could we play ring-toss with it? - Jim! - Larry! Jim! Larry! Have some regrets about the way I handled things with Larry. I do think that most of his tears were due to his time in Nam, though. Well, you know, you have only yourself to blame. A man with anxiety so bad he can't count out loud should not be trying to get a boner in front of a stranger. Well, I've never had the dick yips, Shirley. Mm-hmm. Sure. - I haven't. - Okay. A woman once chipped her tooth on my whiskey dick during a particularly sloppy blowjob. Well, maybe your penis is trying to tell you that it's too soon to date. You're still working the steps. So what, my dick has a moral compass now? After all the appalling things it's had me do? A month ago, it made me fuck a croissant. I'm so in my head with this thing, I can't even get it up to masturbate anymore. Can you believe that? My dong is like some kind of sad little one-eyed Charlie Brown that's too depressed to even lift his head up. God, I wish the program allowed me to take Viagra. Well, it does, as long as it's not a trigger for you. Me, I never have abused it. I mean, every time I took it, I went on a crystal meth bender. But that was only, like, eight or ten times a year. So no Viagra. Jim, I'm thinking that we've reached the point in your recovery where it's time for you to take some responsibility for your own solutions. Yeah? So what do you think would make a good fix? Well, I still haven't found a higher power that I can believe in, I mean, without rolling my eyes anyway. But I'm just gonna have to let go of the wheel and let something else take control or I'm never gonna quiet my mind and be free of this anxiety, am I? That was right. I just got that right, didn't I? Holy shit! I'm starting to get it. That is great. You are now emotionally 18. But do you mind if I skip the part where I bang the alcoholic epiphany gong? 'Cause I really gotta pick up my kid. I'm guessing you, uh, you weren't a cheerleader in high school, - Am I right, Shirley? - No. I did once stab a cheerleader with a pencil once in eighth grade. 'Cause the bitch stole my lighter. I gotta go. My sponsor, ladies and gentlemen. So long. I know it's been a drought, but don't worry. A storm is coming to drop 6 3/4 inches right on your head. Come on, Jim. Cum all over these people's faces. They want you to! God dammit, Brockmire. The town is counting on you. If there's no snow, the whole economy is ruined. The winter season keeps these people afloat, Jim. Come on. Come on! All right, I'm definitely putting too much pressure on myself now. - Hey. - Hey. I'm off work in an hour. Oh, Maggie. At this point, I'm like Wile E. Coyote and your vagina is a tunnel painted on a mountain. I want very much to be inside, but physics is against me. Well, I still want to see you tonight. I just enjoy spending time with you. It's comfortable, like dating an old leather chair. Well, you do always have a standing offer to sit right there on my face. You don't have to constantly offer to go down on me. We can just talk. Or, more realistically, you can talk and I can listen. And if you feel like trying again, we can. That's very sweet. And of course I would love to see you tonight. And I appreciate your patience with me. You know, it's been a long time since I liked anyone. And, uh, well, I want you to be in my life, even after Matt goes home. What? Well, Matt's not going home. What do you mean? The cancer, it spread to his organs. It has? - Since when? - About two weeks. He never said anything. How long does he have? Not very long. I'm only telling you now because you're the only person he talks to. I think it's just gonna be you there at the end. Okay, god. You know, I think this is the first time in my life I've ever been asked to give somebody comfort. I'm curious to finally hear what gets said after. "Jim, that's enough. You need to leave." So right there on the... on the Christmas Village? - Right there. - Do you aim? No, I don't aim. Where it lands is just an act of God. Or, well, it was, until my dick died. Yeah. Well, if it makes you feel any better, I haven't been able to get it up for a couple of months. That actually does. - Yeah? - Yeah. The damn thing just lies there. Hold me... Holy cats and jammers. My g... I... Wow. I feel like I should salute it. Because it's a flag pole, sir. Please tell me it doesn't get any longer; it just plumps up like a Ballpark Frank. I get another couple inches. What? I mean, come on. How does that even work? Well, it doesn't, really. That's the cosmic joke of it all. It is a terribly designed tool for the job. It's like using a hammer to knit. I mean, women like to experience it once. You know, as a fun story to tell their friends, but they don't generally come back for seconds. You know... I've never told anybody this. I have never, not once in my entire life, been fully inside a woman. Boy, that's heartbreaking. No, 'cause I'm picturing it now. I mean, your balls just going back and forth in the air like that alone, like abandoned twins on a swing set. Basically every time I've had sex, neither one of us has really enjoyed it. God damn, no wonder I have intimacy issues. Okay, enough about my pathetic love life. How about your pathetic love life? You got a... plan of attack there? How are you gonna fix your little limp friend? Oh, I don't know. Uh, you know, I'm in uncharted territory here. I mean, I can't seem to be able to do anything about it myself, so I guess I just have to let go and see what the universe can do? I don't know. The program wants me to believe in something bigger than myself. You don't believe in God? Oh, sure I do. No, I don't believe in God. Come on. God. God is just a security blanket for people who are still afraid of the dark. It's an existential night light that helps them sleep at night. The good news is, there's no monster under the bed. Bad news is: no God either. But, you know, look. What do I know? I just tried and failed to jerk off on an Alpine village. Don't put too much stock in anything I say. What do you think happens when you die? I don't know. Come... I mean, you know, some things are beyond words. Come on, man. Don't... Don't do that. Don't... Don't start lying to me. Not at the end. Okay. I think you decompose. I think that the energy in our body is gonna get redistributed back out into nature. Atoms that were a million different things before are all gonna become a million different other things again. I think that a soul is just consciousness. And what's consciousness? It's just a shared delusion created by matter. That's what I think. Yeah. Shit. Me too. You know, the worst part, to me, is the... just the rotting. I mean, everything that I am... just becoming a big putrefying puddle. Hey, man. You always gotta remember how lucky you are. Right? 'Cause, of all the possible lives, you got to be a baseball man. That's gotta be in the top .00001% of things that anybody gets to do. You were paid to travel around the world, you showed up only when the weather was nice, you got three months off a year, and most of all... you got to play this beautiful children's game your whole entire life. Man, I'd have rather had your life than the goddamn Queen of England's. I was always at my best on a baseball field. Oh, man. They're like sacred places. Lit up, they're just like temples, and in darkness, they're like cemeteries. Ah, look at that. I guess I do believe in something bigger than myself: baseball. Yeah. That's a god I could believe in. A Baseball God. Yes. Yeah, a kind of God that demands that all his churches be parks. God that forces you to play outside on a nice day. Yeah. Who doesn't keep time, because our actions should determine our fate, not some stupid clock. Yeah. A god who keeps us humble by making us play a game - that's steeped in failure. - Mm. That's the kind of God that I'd worship. Well, we did. We do. We did, didn't we? Huh. When my mind was racing and the yips were just gripping me tight, I remember how you said that the Baseball God teaches humility through failure. Now, that's true. But he's also a God who gives gifts. A struggling hitter is granted a swing and bunt single. A dead-arm pitcher is blessed by a line drive double play. Sometimes the Baseball God deems you worthy of a reprieve. And I got one. Well, what I got was a... it was a hand job. I just kept whispering to myself over and over again, "I'm due. I'm due." It almost became like a prayer. And my prayer was answered. A little bit too well. Wow. That is all over my car. Oh, when the levee breaks, Mama, you got to move. And you're still coming. Yeah, I'm pretty pent up. Oh, Maggie, thank you so much. I found my higher power in a hand job. It was just so stupid and amazing and, well, I never got to tell you that while you were alive, Bat. Not because we didn't have that kind of a friendship. I was more intimate and open with you than any other man I've ever known. We just... We ran out of time, didn't we? We knew each other for 30 years, but we only enjoyed each other's company the last five weeks. Most of our friendship was a complete failure. But in the end, we were given a gift from the Baseball God. One that I will always be grateful for. I'm gonna miss you, Matt Hardesty. And don't you worry. I made sure you wouldn't rot. Ah, shit. A little of you just went inside my mouth. Probably your dick. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 