Brockmire: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brockmire 
 s2e7 - Caught in a Rundown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brockmire (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Caught in a Rundown - full transcript 
 After Jim ends up in the hospital, Charles has an intervention to stop Brockmire's destructive habits. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When I get nervous, I have a little bit of a drinking problem. I have never seen you  sober. Whitney:  This is not "under control." This is the definition  of "out of control"! [Retching] You really think our actions  are meaningless? [Screaming] Oh, shit! When you're really ready  to go down the rabbit hole, call me. [Dog barks in distance] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Nicole clears throat,  bottle clinks] [Indistinct conversations] Hey. You have chlamydia. What? I said,  "You have chlamydia." How do you know? Because you rawdogged me.  And I have chlamydia. Excellent. [Grunts]  Your place  is kind of gross. Well, gee, I'm -- I'm real embarrassed about that, uh, woman who just  gave me chlamydia. Normally, I have a surprisingly tidy, young black man come in 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and clean up after me,  but, um... [Smacks lips] You know, I realize that just sounded like he was my servant. He's not my servant. Also just realized that it sounded like I'd be surprised that a black man was tidy. You know, I think I'm at my most problematic before I've had  my coffee. Yeah.  What are you talking about? [Toilet flushes in distance] That's a good question.  [Sighs] My roommate recently  moved out on me, and I'm still adjusting  to that. You know? Doing pretty well overall. Did I shit over there in that corner? No.  That was Rick. Oh. Seems like a very nice young man. Oh, you have syphilis.  You're welcome. Maybe Rick does, too. I don't remember  every little thing that happened here  last night. [Grunts] I think  it's infected. What? That.  Shit. The hell is that? It's two lizards  69ing each other. Well, that's less than ideal. Oh, boy. Damn it.  Man. Oh. Does anyone know  where this guy keeps his drugs? [Muffled, indistinct chatter] [Monitor beeping steadily] Hey.  Hi. Oh,  Mr. Brockmire. Oh, I hope you don't mind. My students were hoping  to observe. It's not every day they get  to see a case like this. What,  you mean like a celebrity? Sure. Yeah, hey,  more, the merrier, right? It might help us  if you could just take us through  the last few weeks. Well,  best I can remember, I threw away my dream job, and then I became  the focal point for a national conversation  about race. Oh, right. Yeah.  Yeah, I'm that guy. Just, you know,  out of curiosity, how many of you  are on my side in all that? Alright.  One, two. And how many of you are on  that racist Art Newlie's side? Really?!  Wow. I mean, I know this  is the South and everything, but y'all, you're  highly educated  medical doctors. You're not ashamed  to admit that in public? Well... Let's get back  to you. Well, I have definitely been  in a cycle of blacking out and waking up  in very strange places lately. Recently came to at a strip club  as it was closing. It wasn't late --  just the health inspector had walked in  and shut the place down. After that,  I remember waking up next to a young lady  with very few inhibitions and quite a lot  of chlamydia. But, well,  you probably know that, right? You got my chart  right there. You -- You actually have two strains of chlamydia -- one on your penis and one in your throat. Is that what I'm tasting?  Oh, Rick, you sneaky bastard. Well,  you also have liver damage... Ugh.  ...blunt-force trauma,  and scurvy, which is actually  why we're all here. This is the only case  we'll ever get to see outside of a textbook. Scurvy, huh? It's that why my --  my teeth are getting loose? I was just hoping that my gums  were getting more flexible. Well, I always have  referred to orange juice as a glass of vodka wasted,  so, uh... I guess scurvy  makes sense. [Telephone rings] Can I talk to you  a minute? Yeah. So, what is your relationship  with the patient? His, uh,  ex-business partner. You didn't have that  on the thing, so I just wrote it in. Don't worry. I'll make sure  he gets home safe. No, no, no,  no, no, no. He shouldn't  be going anywhere, not in his condition. What's wrong with him,  exactly? Honestly?  Everything. His body is literally  shutting down, and if your friend does not stop drinking, and soon, your friend  is gonna die. I should not  have left him alone. Okay.  I'll take care of everything. I'll make sure  he does not leave my...sight. [Sighs] Have you seen  a bottle of champagne? The old man next door swears  that he brought it in to celebrate  his new grandson. [P.A. system beeps] Man: Doctor on call, dial ER. Doctor on call, dial ER. Well, I want to thank  everyone for being here. Jean, you have some experience  with interventions 'cause... -Because I was  a filthy drunk. It's okay.  You can say it. Nature and nurture both pushed  me and Jim towards the bottle, but now, I have  the tools to help him. -What made you  get sober, Jean? -At my intervention, when it was my husband Norm's  turn to speak, he said,  "Stop, Jean, please." Now, Norm doesn't normally  carry on like that, so it cut me to the bone. I'm really nervous,  you guys. Jim is so good at turning  an argument against you. -[Scoffs]  -Word.  -That's true. I once apologized for the skidmarks  on his underwear. That's why I had each of you  write a letter to read from, so it isn't  a conversation. You get to say  everything you need to. Now, I suggest you start  with an "I feel" sentence. Okay, okay. I feel like there's a lot  of love in this room right now. No, start with something  that's not quite that stupid. Okay, guys.  You know, it's almost 11:00. We should really go. Actually,  we shouldn't go anywhere. Three...two...one. [Door opens] Jack, my friend,  give me a lunchtime special. Why don't you make it a double? Throw it on the rocks --  little change of pace. Jim. Charles. This is  an intervention. Oh, Charles,  you clever, little S.O.B. My goodness.  Look at you all. Guess I'm trapped, huh? No sense chewing off  my own leg here. [Chuckles] Who knows? Maybe the eighth time  will be the charm. [Chuckling] Oh, boy.  Well, I got to say. Seeing y'all come together  like this, trying to save me from the self-destructive spiral  that I'm in, it's -- I'm underwhelmed. Oh, come on, Jim!  Jim. I'm just saying,  when they throw an intervention for you  in the Philippines, they put out a spread, you know? Some adobo,  a full pot of bulalo, a couple of trays  of pastillas de leche. Last intervention I was at, they roasted a pig,  an entire pig. Hey, that takes eight hours. You know, I came for the pig,  I stayed for the intervention. I mean, no,  I had to at that point. I was, uh -- I was  pig-committed, as they say. What have you guys got here? Bagels.  Okay. 'Cause, yeah, that's what New Orleans  is known for. Let me ask you a question. How the hell  did Raj make the cut? I love you, too, bro. Well, our biggest guest hasn't even made it yet. Oh, boy.  Charles:  Look who's Skyping in. What the hell is this? Oh! Joe Buck, ladies and gentlemen. Ta-da!  Hey, everyone. Let's get Jim healthy. [Scoffs] Are you seriously not even  remotely impressed? Not even a little bit. Joe Buck's schedule alone  was a nightmare. Joe Buck is not here, Charlie. You understand that? It's just his gigantic head staring at me on the screen like the darkest version  of "1984." Hey, I'm calling  a senior LPGA skins game today, but I carved out time for you because I care and... Hold on. And welcome back  to French Lick Resort, the jewel here  in Southeastern Indiana where dozens  of silver-haired ladies are duking it out...  I'll find a way to mute  Joe Buck in a second. Just --  No, wait.  I actually want to see this. I got 200 bucks  on Barb Moxness. Come on, Jim. Take this seriously! We are all very worried  about you. So sit your ass down, get ready to take a goddamn moral inventory, you ungrateful  piece of shit. Ooh. You see why I can't stay, right? Jim! All I ask is that you give this a try. As a favor to you. You could literally die  if you don't. Learn how to accept  a favor, okay? Just -- Just --  Okay? Thank you. Gonna have a bagel. No cream cheese? Really?  Are you kidding? Alright. I'll eat it dry.  Tastes like a Nerf ball. [Sighs] Lucy, you want to start us off? [Sighing] Okay. Hi, Jim. [Chuckles nervously] This is really hard. I'm here today to say  I love you. Well, thank you, Lucy. You know, I-I hear that,  and-- and I accept it. That means a lot to me. But I also came here  to tell you how your drinking has hurt me  in the following ways. Nope. I hurt you? Excuse me.  I hurt you? Are you kidding me? 'Cause you know what hurt me? No, when you were dildo-deep  in our neighbor's asshole. Jim!  Little too much?  I do apologize. I'm sorry.  Intervene away. We would end up at the stripper's houseboat drinking mezcal  from her shoe. [Chuckles] It was the best night of my life! [Laughs] Uh, I think Uribe  did this wrong. [Scoffs] 3,426 days -- that's how long I've been sober. Each day is just as hard as the last, maybe harder. Every day, a part of me wants  to drink again. Every morning, I wake up and I wonder, "Today, will I embrace  step seven and ask for help to overcome my shortcomings, or will I kiss my miserable children goodbye, lock myself in the garage, and take down 40 ounces of drug-store vodka  before lunch?" ♪♪ I can almost taste it. ♪♪ Hey, guys.  I hope you don't mind. I had them put mine  in teleprompter. Eye contact is how I tend  to connect with my audience. Jim, I thought  it only appropriate to start with a quote  by the great Maya Angelou. "Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, it leaps fence--" Anybody object  to me putting a bullet in the head of whatever  the hell that was about to be? Together: No. Jim, you've been a mentor, a hero, a rival, a friend. But through it all,  there's been one thing that I have really,  really wanted to say to you. ♪♪ Milwaukee just hired me. [Paper rustles] Fuck you,  you goddamn vampire, you wrinkly has-been! I'm a Major League broadcaster!" [Growls] [Laughs] [Laughs]  Hey? Holy shit,  that's a good bit. Damn it, Raj.  Yes. Yes. [Chuckling] I didn't know  you had that in you. Oh, man.  Look at that. You did win me over in the end.  Good for you. I told you I would.  I wasn't sure,  but we just did it. Don't change, Jim. Good luck  in Milwaukee. So, that's it?  Huh? Well, that was --  that was your whole thing? Yeah, yep. That's pretty much all I got. Hey. Jean: And now our father's  in the ground. He's dead. I've been thinking a lot  about that. Not because I miss him. I don't. He was a prick. But because [Sighs] now I know what it would feel like to bury someone I did care about. Someone like you. And I'm not ready  for that yet. ♪♪ Uribe parties  because he love life. You do it because you hate it. ♪♪ I think part of you  is happy I cheated on you because now,  you don't have to hide it. You get a free pass to drink  as much as you want forever. But I'm asking you not to, Jim. ♪♪ You just... You just came back into my life, and I don't want  to lose you again. Look, I know this is hard  to hear, but it's important. [Slurping]  Wait a minute. Are you -- Are you drinking  right now?! Now, don't make this  a thing, alright? Oh, my God.  We should have known. How could you drink  at your own intervention? Well, if you didn't want  me to drink, you shouldn't have held  my intervention in a bar. Although, to be fair,  if I couldn't drink, there's no way I would have  stayed for this, so good call  holding it in a bar, Charles. In fact,  I could use another round. Who's with me here? No! No!  No more drinking. Then can we at least skip  the lame opening acts and get right  to the main attraction, please? See, Charles knows  the only shot in hell that this has  of actually working is if he brings in Jules  as a surprise closer, so can we bring her out? Jules? Hello? Help me! Jules isn't here. I invited her,  told her to come down. She said no,  said it wasn't gonna work. -Well --  -Apparently she was right. Yeah, well,  what'd you expect? You brought me into a room  full of addicts, Charles. I mean --  -We're not addicts. Oh, really? What if I told you you, uh,  couldn't have sex again? Today? I guess --  I guess that would be hard. Yeah, I guess. Look, we all have our own  little coping mechanisms to get through this charnel house called life,  alright? Lucy has to have sex with every  single person that she meets. Pedro staves off oblivion through constant  and relentless procreation. Oye, papi,  that's a stretch, okay? You have 14 children. And hopefully, 15, okay, because Uribe has been painting  Polly's uterine wall with at least three coats  a day, papi. Jim, nobody's perfect. That's why step 10 has us continually taking -- You're addicted to the 12 steps!  You understand that? Course I am,  you arrogant prick. That's how they work. [Scoffs] Raj, hi.  Raj. He's so desperate to please every, single person  that he meets that despite  being a very polite man, he just flipped me off  at my own intervention because he thought  that I might find it amusing. But you did like it,  though, right? Yeah, it was great. Joe Buck, if he were here,  I would tell him that he has to say yes to every  single gig that he is offered because God forbid the man  should be alone with his own thoughts  for a second and a half. But instead of attending,  he's off proving that point by calling women's senior golf  for Fox Sports Online! And Charles, God damn it,  let's not forget how you -- Hey! Hey! Hello?! -- how you betrayed me by leaving to do  this podcast thing of yours. which, you know,  I gotta tell ya.. [Sighing] ...is a smart play. Good for you.  Seriously. It breaks this destructive  pattern you're in of putting everybody's needs  in front of your own, especially mine, okay? I guess  unlike everybody else in this little circle  of adult dysfunction, you seem  to be actually growing, so go ahead,  say your thing, then, you know, we can all order  a drink before happy hour ends. [Inhales deeply] [Sighs] Okay, come o-- Charles?  [Door opens] Don't do that.  [Sighs] [Door closes]  You happy? No, I hope you're happy.  You mad Charles sad! Great. Had to have  an intervention for Jim. God damn it. I mean, the best part is that I get to work with Bob Uecker. I mean, I don't know  much about baseball, but I can tell you this. I do know who the dad from "Mr. Belvedere" is. I mean, this dude is like the original sports-entertainment  crossover star. He was Strahan  before Strahan. Did you know  that Uribe -- I spent my best years  in Milwaukee? Word?  Mm. Well, what's it like?  Mm. The whole town smells  like beer farts, man. Sometimes, I have to learn that not all boundaries are bad. Maybe Jim's right. [Scoffs] Maybe I do have a problem. That is the worst thing  about Jim. He's always  a little bit right. He knows just what to say  to make you question yourself, but also, try keeping  your cooch in your pants just a few days a week.  [Door opens] See what happens. Oh! You're late. I had to get a ride from my dad. Charles. Hey!  Come on, Charles. What, are you mad I stopped and got a roadie? Come on. 'Cause I'm what's known  as a -- I'm a functional alcoholic.  Really? Yeah. Yeah, really? What's your function? I-I -- Because it used to be calling  games for the Major Leagues, but that's gone now. You used to get  sober enough to call games, and now there's nothing  to slow you down. What about a podcast, huh? Now, I know we were very angry with each other when I got back  from Atlanta, but there's no reason for us to stop that thing, Charles. We got a good thing  going there. We can use it as a platform to launch a new,  um, network dealy. That is the logical  thing to do, yes. And I will do it...  if you do this. "Sobertunities Clean Leaving Center"? I've already set everything up.  All you have to do is call. Oh, God, Ch-- Friends don't  hand friends cards to horribly named rehab facilities, okay? Actually, that is exactly  what friends do, okay? I can't make you call them.  I know that. But if you don't call, I'm never speaking  to you again. Aw, come on. What are you, serious with this shit? Yes, I am.  Okay? Goodbye, podcast.  Goodbye, you and me, forever. Okay? That is,  unless you get sober. Unless I get sober.  Yeah. And it's -- Part of it's  my fault. I know that. I've been enabling you. We have a codependent  relationship. [Groans] Where'd you pick up language like that, God damn it? I went to a few  Al-Anon meetings. Oh, no, you didn't, Charles. The only thing worse  than the program is the program about the program, okay? And there's nothing wrong with codependency, alright? It just lets you and me work through my problems together. Quit dicking around! Jim. If you don't stop drinking,  you are going to die. [Sighs, snores]  Just stop. Plea-- Why won't you stop?! Why is this  such a problem for you?! People only like me when I am drunk, Charles, okay? You know it's true. You did the focus testing. It's science, right? Yes, alright. Everything bad  in my life happened because of my drinking --  Okay. Also, everything good in my life, alright? First game I ever called  in Kansas City, had to do four shots of whiskey to calm my nerves, alright? I was blackout drunk for George Brett's 3,000th hit. They still play that call at the Baseball Hall of Fame. Jules, she's the love  of my life, right? That relationship was built on drinking! Okay, I don't know who the hell I would be if I was sober, Charles. But I do know nobody would give a shit about that guy,  whoever he is. I would. [Sighs] And I hope one day  I get to meet him. But, until then,  goodbye, Jim. "Goodbye, Jim." Okay, well,  fuck you, Charles. Okay? My back was sore from carrying you around, anyway. And you know what?! Your parents were right  about you! You are a very selfish  young man, and you are destined to fail with that attitude! Go on!  Get out of here! Brush you off like dandruff! [Horn honks in distance] [Sighs]  Oh, shit. [Scoffs] [Sighs] Unbelievable. Yeah, this is Jim Brockmire. Um, I'm ready to, uh... Well, where am I supposed to go? Your -- Your card doesn't have  an address on it. [Crow caws] ♪♪ ♪♪ Hello? Woman: Hello again! I wasn't sure you'd call. Well,  when everybody around you is telling you  to hit the brakes, you kind of want  to be with somebody who sees  nothing but green lights. [Chuckles] ♪♪ [Lighter clicks] -[Exhales]  You want a turn? -Oh, right now,  this is exactly what I want. ♪♪ [Lighter clicks] ♪♪ [Smacks lips] Is this crack or meth? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 