Brockmire: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Brockmire 
 s2e6 - Broadcasters Jinx - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Brockmire (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Broadcasters Jinx - full transcript 
 Jim moves on this new job as the major league broadcast announcer in Atlanta. Charles focuses on the new direction of his career. When Jim is confronted with the truth about a legendary ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  [Door creaks]  Hey. There he is.  -Hey! Jim! Congrats on Atlanta.  -Thank you, Raj. You know, boy, you're  a very talented young man. You put up  quite a fight. I have a little something  for you. No, Jim, come on. Where is that thing?  Where is it? Here it is.  -I'm excited. Psych!  Fuck you! I win. I am a major-league  broadcaster! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Aaron Thomas  in his iTunes review says that "Jim Brockmire  is a boring and rambling drunk. One star."  [Jeering] No, no. Thank you  for the feedback, Aaron. And here is my response. [Cheering] I don't know  if you remember me, but you would not let me  eat out your ass. I just want you to know that the joke is on you, because I'm a major-league  broadcaster now. You lose!  [Grunts] Ha! Can you see these babies  through your mouth hole, you -- you piece  of shit?! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Cheering]  Major-league broadcaster, baby! [Screams] You lose, I win! [Laughs maniacally] Because I am a major-league  broadcaster, baby! Ha ha ha ha ha! That don't  impress me, bitch. And you still  can't eat this ass. See, I -- Are you sure, though? You know, 'cause the butthole  and the vagina, they're connected  in pleasure. That's why they're so close together. It's like yin and yang,  ass and tang. No, g-- Unh! [Grunts] I win. Major-league broadcaster. [Grunts] [Grunts] ♪♪ [Bell dings] ♪♪ Charles: So, have you  given any thought to what's gonna happen  to me with Atlanta? I'm pretty sure they don't want  a 19-year-old producer who doesn't like  baseball. Oh, no, Charles.  I got your back. Are you kidding me? Have I ever let you down before? You literally do it  every day. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa!  Daddy's thirsty. [Liquid sloshing] [Knock on door] Congratulations! I just came in to drop off  your Atlanta itinerary. -Hold.  -[Chuckles] -We leave tomorrow?  -Mm-hmm. And I have  some other amazing news. What if I told you  that you're going to be a major-league  broadcaster? I would like it. I like it so much, I've been screaming it into the face of my enemies. Didn't you just congratulate me for that? I don't understand  what's happening.  You didn't  let me finish. I was pausing  for dramatic effect. Well, it just seemed  like you were done. Yeah, thank you,  Charles. I do pride myself on my ability to honor the flow of conversation. What if I told you  that you're gonna be a major-league broadcaster  tomorrow? Tomorrow? But that's the last game of the season, isn't it? That's Art Newlie's  last game. And he's going to call it  with you. I pitched a co-booth as a symbolic passing of the torch. From a PR standpoint, it doesn't  really get much better. [Gasps]  Oh, my God! This view. Oh, you can see  that new Starbucks where they have the wine!  -Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! -Oh! Oh, oh!  -Oh, God! Oh, God! Help! Here. Flush it out with some water. Here you are.  Oh! Oh! -Why's it burning?  -Here you go, here you go. Flush it out.  -Oh! Oh, God, that hurts worse! Wait, no, no! That's the gin!  That's the gin! That's the gin! Oh, God damn it!  Where's the water? Here you go, here you go.  That's water.  Here. This -- Oh, God.  Oh, my God, Jim. Oh, my God! Jim, have you been  drinking?! Oh, my God! Have you been drinking  in the booth all season? Are you --  Are you drunk right now? Is this --  Is this who you are?! Yes, yes, yes... ...and yes. I wasn't pausing for dramatic effect there. I was genuinely  deliberating. This -- [chuckles nervously]  This is who I am. No, no, no, no, no. I told them  that you were under control. This -- This is not  "under control." This -- This is the definition  of "out of control"! Whoa, wa-- Whoa! That's some top-shelf hiding whiskey you're -- you're waving  around there. Jim... my reputation  is on the line. You cannot drink in the booth  with Art. Well, we have faced this problem  one time before, and we came up with  a very elegant solution. You see,  we soak a tampon -- stay with me -- in whiskey,  and then we insert it -- No. It's all right. I don't mind. I can even jog with that baby in there. Okay.  No alcohol! If Art sees you drunk  in this booth, this whole thing  is over, okay? You have to promise me that  you will call this game sober. W-Well, it's -- this is the single most important game of my career, so, of course, Whitney, I will definitely  call it sober. Good. ♪♪ [Exhales sharply] This is a bad time,  but, um... tomorrow's not gonna  work for me. Jim: Look, you're coming to Atlanta, Charles. I'm sorry, but I need you there.  Charles:  I have a meeting with a potential sponsor  for the podcast. You gotta cancel it, Charles.  I'm s-- Wait, I'm gonna level with you, okay? When I get nervous, I have a little bit of a drinking problem. [Laughing]  I have never seen you sober. That's maintenance, right?  That's medicinal. But under high pressure,  I just -- I ratchet it up,  like, 12 notches. Well, then d-dip off  to the bathroom and take a few nips  between innings. No, no. Once you pop, you just can't stop. Like...Pringles? No, more like poppers,  Charles. Like amyl nitrate. See this little bad boy  right here? This both raises the libido and acts as a muscle relaxant. This is the Bo Jackson  of sexual aids. Just...don't drink  for one half day. Do you hear yourself? Do you  hear how insane you sound? Charles! I am an addict,  all right? It's taking every ounce  of restraint I have not to sniff this entire bottle  right now. If I don't drink  in that booth, I'm gonna get antsy,  I'm gonna get the shakes. I'm liable to rip  Art Newlie's head right off. Be real easy, too.  I'll just grab the loose,  old skin around his neck, and I'll just...  [pops lips] Okay! I will go with you  to Atlanta. I will make sure you get into the booth sober and not murdery. Thank you.  Thank you. But as soon as you're settled,  I'm on a plane. I know you don't care about podcasting, but I do. Fine! Whatever. Ooh! Uh...I'm gonna wanna make  a quick stop on Craigslist  casual encounters before we hit  the airport. [Chuckles]  Ooh. ♪♪ ♪♪ This is one of Art's  game day traditions. He shakes  everyone's hand and makes each person  feel valuable. Hey, Jim Brockmire.  How are you, friend? -Art.  -Oh! I'm so pleased to be sharing  the booth with you today. I cannot think of a better way  to tie a bow on this career. Well, Art, I am just so honored to be a part of this. This is my friend Charles.  -Charles. I heard you made  quite an impression on  my production staff. You really know the ins and outs  of it all, don't you? Thank you.  I try. Hi, Whitney.  Pleasure, as always. Uh, please excuse me. I've got to run down to  concessions and say my howdies and, sadly,  a couple goodbyes. Jim, I'll see you  in the booth. Yes, you will, Art.  [Chuckles] So long, Art. We should probably  get going, too. I want to show Jim  the production booth before I have to leave. [Sniffs] Hm. Sober, old-man breath --  good. Let's keep it that way. -Here are your benzos.  -Shh, shh, shh, shh! Take one during the sixth  inning, and you should be fine. No shakes,  no crankiness. And that's  almost everything. That's one tennis shoe. It's my lucky sneaker. I've had this  in the booth with us since we got  to New Orleans. So, what, is it, like, really expensive? Is that why it's good? No. It's not --  It's not about the money. I got these  right before I met you -- before everything in my life started changing for the better. So, I-I'm supposed  to wear it? No, you're not --  not supposed to -- You know what? Good luck.  Whew! Don't shit the bed. I shall try. So, I don't wear it?  -Don't wear it. Okay. ♪♪ [Sighs] [Knock on door, door opens] Are you ready  to call a ballgame? Ohh, ready  as I'll ever be. [Laughing]  All right. Hey, listen, Jim, I'm not usually one for spirits, but the grounds crew  chipped in and got me this bottle as a retirement gift, and I would truly love to share a drink with you as my way of passing the torch along. Oh, Art,  that's so kind. Oh, but I -- no, I have  to politely decline. Oh, now.  No, I never touch it  when I'm on the clock. It's just --  it's kinda who I am. [Chuckles] What's one drink? And besides, you cannot deny a man his last wish. Hmm?  -Well... Um... Hm. Oh, that -- that smells  like good bourbon, too. Bourbon, right?  I don't...  Mm. ...know all the names  of the -- of the drinks. Jim: McCalpin  working with two outs and a full count here  in the top of the fourth. And here comes a pitch. Strike three swinging.  My goodness. Chillcut pathetically  waved at that one like he just recognized his  ex-girlfriend across the bar, didn't he, Art?  -[Laughs] Oh, that's great. Straight zeroes  across the board, folks. Looks like fate has decided  to give us a game that we're gonna remember. Stay with us, would ya? [Laughing] Oh. That's a great call, Jim.  That's real fun. Yeah, I could tell you were a real baseball man. Oh, Art, I am. I tell you,  I just -- I love this game. Oh, good. That's gonna  work out just fine.  [Both chuckle] And hey, how about  McCalpin's arm today? -What?  -My G-- Hey. He throws a no-hitter  on your final game, this stadium is gonna  lose their minds. -Wouldn't that be something?  -Oh. But, hey --  Shh, shh, shh, shh. Let's just let that lie,  shall we? Of course. No, no, no.  Say no more. Hey!  -[Laughing] All right. I think this thing  must be working. It was a gift.  -Oh? From my friend Charles.  He said it was good luck. Yeah, that young friend of yours sure seems like a hard worker. I tell you what, you lucked out. You picked a good 'un. Oh, don't I know it.  Don't I know it. You know, they say  they're all lazy and entitled, but not Charles. That's 'cause their fathers don't stick around. -Is that right?  -Mm. I hadn't heard that  about Millennials. No. Millennials? I'm talking about the coloreds. Oh. You know, Art, I-I'm not sure  I can remember the last time I heard that term used,  uh, uh..."coloreds." Yeah, well, the term is antiquated, but so am I. Yeah, I just don't care for this PC nonsense. It's like, what is this country coming to? You know, they almost put a sand jockey in my seat. Boy, howdy. Bottom of the fourth, and we have got a doozy  on our hands. Atlanta's got  something cooking here in the bottom of the eighth  of this very special game. And that ball is hit very right out to right-center field. And, like Ben Affleck's depressing directorial debut, that one is gonna be  "Gone Baby Gone"!  Mm! Burnett with the big bat puts Atlanta out in front by a count of 4-0.  -Yeah, but it's a shame he had to do a bat flip there,  isn't it, Jim? Just another poor display  of sportsmanship. [Chuckling] Oh, I don't know, Art. Seems like a young man just enjoying himself on the final game of the season to me. Well, call me a purist,  Jim, but I-I say play the game  the right way. Well, that -- that really is important to you, isn't it, Art? I mean,  things being pure. Hernandez chops one  to first, and that will be... out number three. The ninth inning  when we return, folks. [Cheering] Jim, let me ask you something,  and feel free to say "no." Oh, please. What can  I do for you, Art? Well, these next three outs  may be the last of my career, and I would just love to bring  this one home on my own. Would you mind?  -Oh, no problem. Well, appreciate it  and mighty white of you, sir. [Laughs] Would you pardon me for just one moment? Mm! [Breathing heavily] ♪♪ [Groans] ♪♪ Whitney: Jim! Can you believe this?!  This is so exciting! Art's last game, and  McCalpin is three outs  away from a no-hitter. Oh, my God. Is it a jinx if I  say it, or just if you say it? How does  the broadcaster's jinx work? You know what --  I'm saying it. I'm saying it!  It's storybook perfect! National networks  are doing live look-ins. This is huge for me. For you. For us.  For baseball. Most-- Mostly me. [Giggles] Are you drunk? I started taking nips from your  binoculars to calm my nerves, but then when things  started going so well, it turned into  a celebration. I mean... [Inhales sharply]  ...this is the kind of night that careers  are built on. [Giggles]  -Yeah, that's great. Are you aware that Art  is insanely racist? Yeah. I mean t-that's  why we're in such a -- such  a hurry to push him out. But the only way  that Art will go quietly is if we promise to hand the  booth over to a "baseball man," which is Art code  for "a white guy." [Giggles] What are you telling me -- that I didn't really earn this job, that I didn't actually  beat out Raj? [Laughing] Oh, no.  Of course not. I mean, Raj is the best! I gotta go. The -- The binocular whiskey's  going right through me! [Laughs, echoes] [Door closes] ♪♪ [Crowd cheering]  [Muttering] [Door closes] Hey. Did your boy  steal my wallet? I -- Wha--  I'm sorry? Well,  I don't blame him. It was my fault for leaving  it out when he was around. [Chuckles]  -You know -- I don't... No, Charles didn't steal  your wallet.  Oh, really? -Yeah.  -How can you be so sure? Uh, because Charles is the most honest and hardworking person I've ever met in my life.  -Oh. I mean, I'm bringing him on as my producer next season. Oh, a producer?  Here? Well, I won't  let that happen. Only real baseball men  allowed in this booth. We'll talk about it  later. Art, I -- Boy, howdy, folks.  [Pills clattering] A big ARTlanta hello  to our national viewers. Still zeroes across  the board for New York. Let's see if our boys  can bring this one on home for supper. Folks,  you know what's funny? The younger generation,  they always love to talk about  the elephant in the room, the one thing best left unsaid  in situations like this. Call me a traditionalist, but I  say let a sleeping dog lie. I don't know, Art. Some conversations, though, they really do  need to be had. I mean, some sleeping dogs, they need to get woke.  [Pills clatter] Sometimes you gotta call  a spade a spade. This is not one of the times.  It's a tradition. Folks, som-- Yeah, but some traditions, shouldn't they die, Art? For example, racism in this country. Jim, now's  not the time -- Did you or did you not just  recklessly accuse my friend Charles of stealing your wallet? Art? -[Chuckles]  -Hm? Folks, what happened is,  my wallet went missing, and Jim's little friend was  the only kid in the booth. Yeah, no, he means the only  black kid in the booth, folks. Whitney: Oh, God. Oh, God.  For the record, I happen  to have a beautiful relationship with the blacks.  -Oh, my God! Do you hear yourself anymore? I mean, are you joking?! All right,  cool off there, Sparky. This Atlanta heat's  got you beat. Hey, Art, would that  be your wallet? -Well, whoopsie-doopsie!  -"Oopsie-doopsie!" Really? That's all you  have to say for yourself? Oh, my God! Jim, uh, let's you and I  agree to disagree and get back to the game. No, how about we disagree  to agree, Art? Because, you know, I can't speak for all the people of color in this country. I'm just one old white guy telling another old white guy that we will not stand  this kind of hatred anymore. [Jeering]  Oh, my God! Racism is the fist that's punching American right in its own dick, Art. That's the conversation we really should be having. Nobody cares about your stupid no-hitter. [Bat cracks] Oh, shit.  There goes a no-hitter. [Slurring]  And here comes the pitch. Oh! It's in the dirt! And nobody cares, God damn it,  because it's bourbon. It's not even a baseball. Shit.  Why'd I spill that out? [Sighs]  There you are. Brockmire, you --  -Wow! Hey, oh! -Son of a bitch!  -Hey! H-Hey! Okay, okay! I knew I shouldn't have  trusted you. You couldn't even stay  sober for one game! Oh, I was sober. I was definitely sober.  I swear to God. I'm not now, but I-I called the game sober. -Then why?!  -Why?! Art -- I mean, he pretends to be "Cosby Show" Bill Cosby, but he's actually "hide your drinks" Bill Cosby. I mean, God damn it, I had to say something. No!  No, you didn't! All you had to do was  stay silent for three outs, but you couldn't do that,  could you? I'm sorry. I am very sorry.  I really am. I -- Hey, at least Raj  gets the job now. Isn't that what you wanted?  -No. They won't hire Raj now because it'll look like  they're "caving to pressure." And they needed a scapegoat  for this televised pig fuck, [Voice breaking]  and they fired me! [Sobbing] All right, just give me two of your best shots with that thing. Come on. [Dog barks in distance,  hip-hop music plays on stereo] ♪♪ Charles, Charles,  oh, my God. Look, look --  you're trending on Twitter. #CharlesWalletJinx. ♪♪ Oh, no. [Bottles rattle] ♪♪ Uh, Charles? Why does my apartment  look like young, black Google? You weren't supposed  to be back this early. Oh, well, when you shit the bed, you kinda have to find a new place to sleep,  and I did that. Ooh, I took an ungodly dump  on my hotel bed. Figured I'd  come on home early. What i-- What's going on in here? I'm starting  a few other podcasts. You did all this in the last 12 hours? The last three months,  actually. Wow! So, this is  our staff, huh? Hey, Two Hands. Hi, yes. Hi. Do me a favor -- get me a Bloody Mary, please. My head  is just pounding. Uh, actually... Jim, this is my team. You can't be involved. What do you mean, I can't be involved? Why not? Well, it's called  Gradient. And it's a podcast  media company. It's gonna be podcasts  by people of color... for people of color. Well, um, what about that guy? Oh, that's Garret. He's just cool. -Well, I can be cool.  -No, you can't. Yeah, he's actually right.  You can't be cool. Sorry. Um, who the hell  is that? This is Yvonne. She's my girlfriend. Your girl-- You have a girlfriend? And you didn't tell me about it?  -I'm sorry. You were supposed to go  to Atlanta and stay. What was I gonna do?  I started my own thing. Well, I didn't get Atlanta 'cause I was too busy sticking up for you! I didn't ask you  to do that! If I was there, I would have  told you 100% do not do that. Art was on his way out. What could you possibly  have accomplished? I was protecting you from racism, Charles! Woman: Ohhhh. Mm, mm, mm. It-- It's actually  kinda cute. I've heard enough  out of you, Yoko. Actually, Yoko was  a very talented, avant-garde  performance artist. I-I don't know  what you are. I experience racism  every day. I have to deal with  racism before I deal  with my morning wood. It's something  I'm used to. I can handle it. You experience racism  one time, and you flip out  and throw everything away. I threw every--  I did?! You're the one who's jumping ship first chance you get. And I gotta tell you  something, Charles, you would be nothing  without me. Without me, you would still  be in Morristown. Oh, that is  absolutely true! ♪♪ All right, look, I want you  and your friends out of here right now. I own this loft. Not you. So, I'm gonna ask  you to leave. Fine. [Scoffs] ♪♪ I have to get some clean underwear. I wasn't kidding about  that ungodly dump. ♪♪  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 