Miracle Workers: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miracle Workers 
 s2e8 - Dark Ages: First Date - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miracle Workers (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Dark Ages: First Date - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sit and I'll sing you some lore Of a prince and a peasant of yore Despite family name, two friends they became Who knows what their fate has in store ? The meet at the castle each day Together, they laugh, and they play They take lots of walks and share lots of talks They're spending an excessive amount of time together But really, like, what's going on ? He seems into her, but he's weird What's he doing there ? You see, with his hand ? Yikes, this is so hard to watch She's also not helping things much Look how she's punching his arm 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is she trying to flirt ? Oh, look, now he's hurt She's punched him too hard in the arm And so that's the tale of a star-crossed pair Or are they just two normal friends ? Clarity would be nice for everyone involved In terms of knowing how to proceed with more verses In terms of knowing how to proceed... Can you stop singing ? I can hear you, and it's really unnerving. I don't tell you how to do your job. - Who is even paying you to do this ? - I'm independently wealthy. ...with more verses. MIRACLE WORKERS DARK AGES I'm impressed you knew how to build one of these star-tracking devices. - What is it called again ? - It's an astrolabe. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's been really fun working on this with you. As we're on the topic of space and time, I was wondering if you had any plans this Saturday. I'm not doing anything. Why ? I saw this, actually. An astronomer's giving a lecture right here. - I wondered if you'd like to go. - Yeah, I'd love to. I shall plan to pick you at your place for our Saturday hanging-out session. - Awesome. We'll see you then. - Yeah. Gotcha. Oh, buddy. Lord Vexler ? Do you have an opinion on something ? I'd just be careful. Matters of the heart can get complicated. Oh, Vexler. I'm no stranger to matters of the heart. I was engaged before, remember ? To Princess Isabella. Your fathers were trying to form a political alliance and you were both babies. I would have wed her happily had she not been carried off by that hawk. Don't get too invested. Relationships between peasants and princes never work. You're from different worlds. Who cares about that nonsense ? No, we get along, we have fun together, we're about to go on a wonderful first date. - Is it a date ? - Of course it is. Does she know that ? Did you say it explicitly ? I thought it was implied. I said, Farmer Greg, you can say it is a potato until the cows come home, but my cryin' eyes says it's an onion. He honored the coupon after that. Six o'clock. Time for the news. Hello and thank you for tuning in to "Mad Jane," your most watched and trusted source for the news of the day. - Can we turn it up a bit ? - Speak louder. The crisis on the border continues ! A caravan of Druids has been spotted crossing into Lower Murkford, the Druids depicted here. How many Druids does it take to screw in a wall torch ? Ten. One to screw it in, the rest to rob your house while it's dark. One to screw it in... That's rich. Nuts ! Need a hand ? Yeah. Okay. Thanks. I don't believe we've met before. I'm Eddie. - I'm Lila. I just moved here. - Welcome to the neighborhood. Thanks. I'll be right here if you need more roadside assistance. That's rich. If you ever want to grab a beer, me and my buddies are usually hanging out at the tavern. - Stop on by. We're a friendly bunch. - I would love to. Thanks, Eddie. Well, alright, then. Druid-aaa... Looking forward to that beer, Eddie. Thanks again for the invite. - Maggie. How do I look ? - Like you're going on a date. - It's not necessarily a date. - Shouldn't you already know ? He's hard to read. I can't tell if he's sweating because he likes me or because body can't regulate his temperature. - Do you want it to be a date ? - I'm open to the possibility. I'm sick of this already. Thanks again for inviting me. This will be fun. You and me finally going out on a scientific lecture. - Two, please. - We're having a lover's special. Admission is three coins for couples or two apiece for singles. Right. Let's see. So what'll it be ? One lover's special or two singles ? - Is there a third option ? - No. Two singles, please. Thanks for paying. I'll grab the next one. No problem. Thank you. So, here we are. The big talk. Something tells me it's going to be out of this world. Get it ? Out of this world ? Because the nature of the talk is astronomical or out of this world. - Nice. - Thanks. Hi, everyone. - Who's that ? - I'm Archie Cosmos. Are we in the right room ? Science can feel pretty technical, but I'm gonna try and keep things fun. And who knows ? My talk might even be out of this world. And so, in conclusion, that is why stars twinkle. - I've always wondered about that. - Okay, any questions ? Why don't you look like your picture ? It was actually painted by the blind artist of Gabagool. It's a terrible likeness. The artist was blind, so it's pretty good, considering. Thank you so much for your time. May the North Star guide you always. Right. So, shall we get going ? When else are we gonna get a chance to talk to an astronomer ? Let's go. We really enjoyed your talk. Especially what you said about celestial rotation. I've always believed the Earth revolves around the... - Sun. Yes, exactly. - I'm glad I'm not the only one. And the moon. It's also up there. That's so true. Good call, man. It's up there, for sure. This is really embarrassing, but would you mind signing our astrolabe ? That is a beaut. Who should I make it out to ? - Al and Chauncley. - Toghether. If you want to test that thing out, my calculations tell me that Laslo's Comet will be passing tonight. I've scoped out this point at the top of Chicken Neck Hill if you and your husband want to join. - We're not married. We're friends. - We are unwedded friends. - You're welcome to join as friends. - That'd be great. - Al and Chauncley. - Yeah. I've got one. What's gray and furry and looks good on a Druid's neck ? A hungry wolf ! Because it is eating the Druid. But they're not all bad. - Some are even good, maybe. - What's up with you today ? - Nothing. Just forget it. - Speak of the devil. You have something you want to say to me ? Relax. We're just having fun, right, Eddie ? Well-played, everyone. Right, Eddie ? As an explorer, do you get to travel a lot ? My work takes me to the four corners of the world regularly. I'm a bit of a world traveler myself. A rolling stone. Going wherever the good wind takes me. Nice. I'm always looking for travel "recs." What's your favorite spot ? The Pretty Little Princess Mandrake Beach Resort. I'm friendly with the concierge. I could probably get you a "rez." It's not really my style. I sort of prefer to rough it. - You ever traveled, Al ? - My family's all shit shovelers. - Vacations seemed out of reach. - I totally get it. I'm from a lower-income background. My parents are puke-moppers. One day, I decided to take control of my own destiny, set off into the world, consequences be damned. I even changed my name from Pukemopper to Cosmos, that's how far I dare to dream. This is an eagle feather. I wear it as a reminder to fly free until I find my destiny. Take it. Till you find your own. Thank you. And here is some money. Take it. Till you find your own. This makes me feel weird. - What do you want ? - A little housewarming gift. Fresh rock sprouts from my garden. If you're trying to make up for what happened, it's not gonna work. Are you talking about my friends ? They're just joking around. - They're nice folks. - They seem like a bunch of jerks. And if you hang out with them, you seem like one, too. Word of advice. You can make things a lot easier on yourself here if you just left the whole Druid getup at home. I don't mind it, but it does draw a bit of attention. Go fuck yourself. - I've never seen stars like this. - It's pretty amazing, huh ? It reminds me of how small we are, how fleeting life is. That's why we need to take advantage of every moment. That's true. It's getting rather chilly. We should head back soon. - We can catch the comet next time. - It's not for another 87 years. - We haven't had our second supper. - I've got us covered. Voila ! - Nice ! Smells so good. - It's a gift from a trader in Verona. Is this a cut-your-own-meat situation ? - I'll get that for you. - No. I am a man of the world. I think I can handle this, thank you. Cheers. He's choking. I learned this trick from the Healing Monks of Meru. - Chauncley, are you okay ? - Yes. I'll be back in a moment. - I have done a little pee-pee. - Shall I come ? - No ! I just need a moment alone. - Okay. It's fine. You're fine. Everything's fine. You like her, and she likes you, Doodely-doodely-doodely-doo. There you are. You've song a little song. Now you feel better. I was not expecting another anti-Druid punch line. I'm starting to get sick of these jokes. - Chill out, Eddie ! - You chill out ! I have a joke. How many of you guys does it take to screw in a wall torch ? Ten. One to screw it in and the rest to be a bunch of jerks. I don't like it when that joke is directed at us. - Again ? - Sorry. They wouldn't let me in at the gate. You must've been removed from the list. What happened to you last night ? You just disappeared. I was worried. - Not that worried, apparently. - Is this about Archie ? It has nothing to do with him. I'd already forgotten about him. - Then why are you being so weird ? - I'm being realistic. Maybe we weren't meant to be friends. - What are you talking about ? - I am the crown prince. You are a peasant. We're from two different worlds. - That's a childish point of view. - It's not childish ! Furthermore, I'm good, you're bad. I'm pretty, you're ugly. I'm clean, and you stink. Eddie, thanks for sticking up for me at the tavern last night. - How'd you know I did that ? - I used my Druid magic. - You Druids are something else. - I'm joking. - I'm friends with the bartender. - That's rich ! Let's go grab a beer. - Guys, this is my friend, Lila. - Hey. - Do Druids, like, eat babies ? - Gladys, come on. We do not eat babies, and that's offensive. Sorry. I love your hair. Can I touch it ? What ? I can't say that ? I'm just interested. Sorry. This is gonna take us some time to figure out. This just in. An update on the Druid invasion. Mad Jane, can you switch to something else ? Right ? Welcome to the "Mad Jane Home Shopping Hour". For three easy payments, you can own this necklace of my baby teeth. Daddy like. That flickering orb's Venus. It's the brightest object in the sky. No. Away from the castle. Ah, you see ? Looks cool. Damn it. The prince finally had his shot, But he handled things totally wrong, He messed up all week in a number of ways, And now I will list them in song. That's not necessary. First, there was that thing with the lecture That should have been a home run It would have been great, if he'd called it a date, Man, did he fuck that one up. There wasn't even a rhyme ! Another thing that he fucked up Was the basic act of trying to chew, He choked on some meat and turned white as a sheet, It's impossible to bounce back from that. - Are you finished ? - Almost. So that's the tale of the star-crossed pair, The moral is that the prince sucks. Now Al is in love with a much cooler dude And Prince Chauncley's alone with his ducks. Don't encourage him, guys. Traitors ! MIRACLE WORKERS DARK AGES 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 