I'll Be Gone in the Dark: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I'll Be Gone in the Dark 
 s1e2 - Reign of Terror - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I'll Be Gone in the Dark (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Reign of Terror - full transcript 
 Michelle McNamara reflects on the 1984 murder of her childhood neighbor Kathy Lombardo, which she credits with planting the seed for her lifelong fascination with unsolved crimes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When I'm puzzling over the details of an unsolved crime I'm like a rat in a maze given a task. I had a murder habit and it was bad. I would feed it for the rest of my life. Her ultimate dream was always to write books. The case that I'm most obsessed with is a serial offender that raped 50 women in California and killed ten people. She also really wanted a child. Alice! Michelle wanted to get this guy caught. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The story of the victims, it has to be told. We were awakened by a voice. There he is in his ski mask. He said, "Don't move or I'll kill you. Everyone loves a story about a killer, but there was nothing new to say yet. Now... This guy, I think... I guess what I think people underestimate is the... I hate to use this word, the productivity and the... he was so... this is what he did constantly. And when you do something over and over again, you get... you just get better at it. And I don't think that that necessarily meant... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I just don't think he was an evil genius. - Right. - I think if you're out - every night at 3:00 a.m... - Right. ...trying to break into people's houses, it's a numbers game. At a certain point, you're gonna be successful. Hey, it's Patton. Just wanted to call and congratulate you. That is such awesome news. You so deserve it. Hey, Michelle. I just wanted to say congratulations. I'm just thrilled for you. Hey Michelle, It's Mel. Call me, I'm looking forward to talking to you about the, um, article. One, one thing that, um, was... that I was interested in was... how do you think the East Area Rapist chose the victims? Because that's the other thing that's so striking to me about this case, is that there obviously has to be a high level of surveillance. But then there's also a spontaneity issue because... So, he had to, like, pick these people, but then it's also, like, the one time the husband's called away for two hours. So it's almost like he's omnipresent, and I can't figure that out. Well, a lot of times he would go in and I think he would pick out a person. A lot of times he would go in and I think he would pick out a person. But... So he was going into their house maybe beforehand - when they weren't there? - Yes. Yes. - Okay. - Yeah. The hook for me was that the case seemed solvable. He'd left behind so many victims and abundant clues. The case dragged me under quickly. Curiosity turned to clawing hunger. There were two more victims in January. A quote by an anonymous sheriff's detective in the Sacramento Bee conveyed the brittle weariness setting in. "It was exactly the same as all the rest." The first draft of Michelle's piece comes in, and it is one of the most difficult, disturbing, violent collections of terrible things that happened to people. And I was like, "Shit. This is real." And then it was like... an elevator plunging 20,000 stories. This is the first paragraph that just gave me nightmares. "The first attack in many ways resembled the 49 that followed. The 23-year-old victim woke to a man in a navy blue T-shirt and white ski mask standing in her bedroom doorway. He wore no pants and was erect. She thought she was dreaming until he leaped onto her bed. 'If you make one move or sound, I'll stick this knife in you,' he whispered, pressing the blade into her right temple." The unknown offender, soon dubbed "the East Area Rapist," would go on to rape and terrorize Northern California communities for the next three years. "His habits were unique and disturbing. He clearly did a great deal of surveillance of his victims and their homes. He used shoelaces or torn towels as ligatures." "His tenth victim was playing the piano when he materialized. He tied her hands behind her back with shoelaces he'd stolen earlier from her sister's shoes. He had her masturbate him with hand lotion, a habit of his, while he quizzed her on her sexual history. The victim was a virgin. He raped her anyway. 'Isn't this good?' he asked. He held a knife to her throat until she said yes." When I was reading the piece, the number "50" skid past me the first few times I read that story because it was like, "Twelve murders. Murders, murders, murders." And then I stepped back and I was like, "Fifty rapes." No one wants to talk about that part of the story, really. The devastation that that had on the community, on partners, in families, and then made worse by the fact that we just didn't necessarily have the tools or the culture to treat the victims in the way they probably needed at that time. They range in age from 22 to 35, in color, from black to brown to white. Joel, convicted of two rapes. He also told me he'd attacked men. This is Vic. He raped, then murdered a woman. Jim used a gun to beat his victims. In the '70s in Sacramento, there seemed to be a center for the real wackos. It really did. You had all kinds of rapists. The Early Bird Rapist, who started about '68 or '70, he did 41, I think it was, rapes, in the homes. That never made much in the way of news. The Stinky Rapist. He did many, many rapes in Berkeley. And they thought they knew who he was, but the DA wouldn't file. And he moved to Oakland, where he continued raping and was never caught. You had the Car Key Rapist. He would rape the lady in the car, and then he would take off with the key. And, you had the Pillowcase Rapist. These were very, very active rapists. There were about 15 that I come up with, where they were raping 30, 40, 50 people. Rape in the '70s was... a crime like a simple assault. It was not considered a big deal. The sentence for, um... raping somebody could be 30 days, could be 90 days, you'd get probation. There was no real,  crime statute for sexual assault, and so, um, I think when these crimes began, um, you know, you looked at the way women were treated. The sex offender today has a greater number of available women to choose from. There are more working women, single women living alone, not with their families or with men. Because of the mobility and the visibility of today's woman, she must learn to understand the rapist. For today's woman to understand the rapist, she's gotta learn to understand the man. Of course, women didn't talk about it because of the way they were treated when they did talk about it, and oftentimes blamed for what did they do that was inappropriate or what, you know, what were they wearing? How were they walking? You know, did they do something that would've brought that kind of attention against their will? The young girl made one bad move after another. Her attitude was much too inviting. She should never have stopped to window shop at night. She parked in a dark section of the parking lot and didn't have her keys ready in her hand. So, Michelle... how did you become interested in true crime? You know, how old were you when you first got into it? I got interested in true crime, um, because when I was 14, living outside of Chicago, a neighbor of mine was murdered. Um, and it... it was, it's still unsolved. Her name was Kathy Lombardo. I grew up in Oak Park, Illinois, which is outside Chicago. It was just a laid-back residential area and it really kind of shocked our town. And it was... it was headline news, for sure. Kathy Lombardo grew up in this neighborhood. She felt safe here. So she could be found just about every night of the week walking briskly through these streets and alleys, always alone, always wearing her stereo headphones with the music turned up full blast. Last night, somebody grabbed the 24-year-old Oak Park woman in an alley, probably from behind, stabbed her in the heart, and slashed her throat. Police say she was probably sexually attacked as well. She was found just after 10:00 by two youths, who called a neighbor to the scene. I got there and went to reach down to check her carotid pulse, and her throat was slit open. She was turning pale fast and... couple pumps, you know, a couple more pumps from her throat, and she was dead. I don't think, up until that point, I had been interested in murder at all. I was just very gripped by this story and very shocked by it and very, um, obsessed with kind of the blankness of this person's face. That we didn't know who may be, like, slinking by us covered in blood. I mean, it just seemed so unbelievable to me that someone among us was a cold-blooded killer who had cut this woman's throat. Today, police scoured the alley where the murder took place and found the blade of the kitchen knife they think was used to kill the young woman. They're still searching for the handle, which was broken off. What happened to her is wrong. It could happen to you or me or anyone. I remember walking to the place where I knew she had been killed and... um, finding kinda these shattered pieces of Walkman that were still there and kinda picking them up. I didn't go as far as to talk to, you know, the police or anything like that, but I was definitely very curious about the different elements of the crime and how it had happened and who this guy could be. Was he someone we knew? Everyone moved on, and I couldn't. - From, like, '75 to '84... - Yeah. ...there were so many serial offenders operating at the same time. It blows my mind. - Yeah, yeah. - I don't know why that was, - but there was a ton of that. - I don't either. The East Area Rapist was not the most active. He was the most violent, from what we knew. He would break into the homes while they were sleeping. The sex was not... his thing. The terror that he put in 'em was the thing. Now, one of the big questions that was asked here last night, "If we have a gun, could we shoot him?" Knowing what I know about this man, if I had a gun, I definitely would shoot him. And I would not shoot to injure. I would shoot to take care of him. There are two things known about the rapist currently terrorizing Sacramento. One is he has never been caught in a home where there was a man present. The other is he's never been in a home where there has been a big dog. '77 became a time where the East Area Rapist - began attacking couples. - And why do you think he did... he started to do couples? I really do think it was because of the news media. Yeah. The first 15 rapes in the Sacramento area were lone women. The newspaper printed that he'd never hit a place with a man in the house. And after that... there was a man in the house. - So he was aware of that? - Yeah. And... and that would go to the game playing part of it? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely, he was watching the media with everything. And as soon as the newspaper would say, "This didn't happen," it would happen. Everything became a challenge to him. I didn't have a lot of exposure to what was happening, um... I didn't see the newspaper. I don't remember hearing it on the news. In the weeks leading up to the attack, we had... hang-up calls. I believe three, four a day. We would have them. Um... but it didn't... it didn't register to me. I was 15. Maybe it was a boy that liked me. You know, I didn't... I really didn't have any... I'll say it this way. I didn't have any reason to be fearful because I lived in a safe world. Residents of the East Area are locking themselves inside their houses as never before. Locks have sold so quickly in the community, stores have had trouble keeping up with the demand. I wasn't scared at the time. I didn't know about a lot of it going on. I wasn't reading the paper. Um, yes, it was in the news. The one indication we got was... my husband and I came home, and the kids in the neighborhood come running up to us and they said, "We're playing this game and I was on somebody's back and we saw a man run out of your yard." We were like, "What?" So we went, we got deadbolts, where you put the key in for the front door and the garage door. We put this nail at the top so you could lock the slider and it can't go. And he had cased the place, he knew to lift the glass up out of the back window. It was a Friday night, it was probably after 1:00, closer to 2:00. Door opens, flashlight. Mumbling. "I have a gun." And I'm still thinking... "Am I dreaming? Am I... Is this really happening?" And before I knew it, he threw some ties at me and he says, "Tie your husband up." And so, he asked him to flip over onto his stomach and hogtied him and I did, and I didn't tie him tight. And then he tied me behind my back, on my stomach, and my ankles hogtied, and I remember turning my jewelry around, I'm thinkin' it's gonna be a robbery. And so, then he re-tied my husband twice as tight. And then he leaves the room. We're kind of whispering to each other, we're like, "What's going on?" He had a ski mask on the whole time. He's just walkin' around the house like he owns it. I could hear him open the refrigerator. He gets a beer, and he's drinkin' a beer. He grabbed dishes. He grabbed plates and bowls and he put them on my husband's back. And he told him if he heard those bowls moving, he was gonna cut his ear off. He put a blindfold over me and he said, "Follow me." I'm going down the hallway, and I remember staying close to the side, I'm thinking, "I don't want him to see my body." And I went, "My God, I'm gonna be raped." He took me into the family room, and he tells me to lay on the floor. He goes into the guest bedroom and he got a towel and he rips it in half and he puts it over the TV, but then he puts the TV on so that there's light coming in, but not too much. As he was raping me, I had a knife to my throat, pushed up against my neck. And I just kept saying, "Please don't hurt me. Please don't hurt me." And I didn't hardly move, I was like, I'm going to stay as still as possible. He was in the house for a while. He drank another beer. I... I could smell that. He asked for where my wallet was. He was going through, taking things out. He came back and he says, "Take off your jewelry," and I couldn't get it off my hand. And he says, "I'll cut your finger off, I don't care. I want your jewelry." And so I said, "Get some lotion or get some soap." So he went and got me some lotion, and I took off my wedding band and my engagement ring. And I remember being cold on the floor. Finally, it seemed quiet. So I got up and I'm still tied, and I go into the bedroom and I talk to my husband and I ask him how he's doing and he's like, "You've just got to get help. I... I can't feel my hands. They're totally numb. I have no circulation." And I'm thinking, "How do I get out of this house?" So I go into the kitchen and I'm trying to get the... the restraints off me, and I'm trying to cut 'em and I'm trying to saw 'em, and it... and I... and I'm also thinking, "God, is he gonna come back in the house? Is he really gone or is he hiding?" So, all of a sudden, the family room drapes moved. A breeze came in. So I ran over and I put my shoulder and I moved the sliding door. And I went along the concrete up to the front gate, I moved the gate. I'm totally naked from the waist down. I... Just my breasts are being covered. And I went to a neighbor's house. And I ring the doorbell. They're looking at me and the husband comes down and he sees that I'm, you know, naked, and he grabs his wife's jacket, puts it on me, and I said, "I've just been raped. And my husband's tied up." He got a gun, he told his wife to call the police, "Stay here." And then I waited for the police to come. And they came, they took me back to the house. Carol Daly was a female detective who I was so grateful that she was there at that time. Everybody else was men, and she was the only woman in the group. And that was... that was a nice feeling. We have information that he... She got me to the hospital. And she said, "You're okay, honey." She said, "I think you're in shock." So she's kind of, like, being a mother to me. She says, "You take as much time," and we talked about it. Went back home. Basically, I went in and I said to my husband, "Do you wanna... do you wanna hear... know what happened?" He goes, "I know what happened." And he said, "I don't want to talk about it." He said, "I got rid of your pajamas and you don't have to see those anymore." And I said, "Okay." I don't think a lot of men knew how to deal with it, to be honest. I don't think... I don't... I know that he cared and he felt terrible, but I don't think he wanted to relive it either. He's basically, "We don't talk about it. It's gone away." I think this kind of crime was just... very ripe for the '70s because there's, um... How many people did not call the police who saw something suspicious is crazy. And that would not happen today. Had you had anybody... any neighbors mention anybody weird around the neighborhood or anything like that? - Do you remember? - No. We were very aware of it. But it was in East Sacramento. So we were sympathetic to... but not alarmed because we're not his side of town. You know he picked us partly for the location of the house. Right by the freeway, - empty lot behind us. - Empty field, right. All of that. And of course, they asked us about strange cars... I mean, so when... when... Did you have... did you feel in your heart when this is happening this was a stranger? That this was not someone that you knew? - Yeah. - You did? You thought, "This is the East Area Rapist." - Which makes me... Yeah. - Yeah. I knew it was the guy then. I mean, by that time, this was attack 22. My husband and I, we were in our bedroom. We were starting to fool around, - we hear a scratching. - Right. The EAR was a man of few words, and mostly the same, as I would come to read, over time. He did indeed have a script. What he said to us and mostly routinely was, "I just want money and food, and then I'll be gone." My son was three years old. He woke up as I was being blindfold-led down the hall. EAR told him to get back in his room. When he took me into the living room for the assault, I remember saying to him, "Why are you doing this?" And he said, "Shut up." And I said, "I'm sorry." This is... This is how women were in the '70s and the olden times. I said, "I'm sorry." And he said, "Shut up," again. And that was the longest conversation I had with him, except at the end when he gave me the instructions about you know, tell the pigs I have television. Wow. God. He didn't want it to be on TV and if it was on TV, he'd kill two people, but then I believe he told my husband it had to be on TV. He was constantly playing these silly games with people. He had told the victims of the attack just before us that he was going to kill the next two people, which would have been us. Sometime after the attack, my husband managed to get our phone re-connected in the bedroom, that was on the nightstand, and he called... in those days, you still called the operator. Of course, uniformed officers came first. When I could see again, when the uniformed officer took off... one of the first things I saw was that on my formal couch, the EAR had laid out three or four of my dresses. And I do mean laid out. Not vandalized or thrown about. They were just laying there. And I remember very vividly because I was so surprised, I was not expecting to see that. I said to the officer, "The East Area Rapist is now the South Area Rapist." The worst thing is not knowing. Not knowing when the rapist will strike again. Not knowing if you'll be his next victim. All you can do is take every possible precaution and then hope that he gets caught before he gets to you. I'm sleeping with my husband's hunting knife under the pillow. We don't go to sleep very well at night. We go around and lock everything up as tightly as we can. As of tonight, the East Area Rapist has struck on the average once every two weeks, sometimes every two days, sometimes a week apart, sometimes three or four weeks apart. Everybody in Sacramento was terrified. Each night, they patrol the neighborhoods of Sacramento County's east side, and hundreds of other volunteers reportedly are doing the same. They call themselves the EARS Patrol. "EARS," short for East Area Rapist Surveillance. People complain that after all this time, the police should've been able to catch the East Area Rapist. I think that the reason there hasn't been something done about it is because it's a crime against women. We had officers off duty on their own time going out and working the streets. It's the first time the so-called East Area Rapist has struck here in the Foothill Farms area of Sacramento. 25. Local burglar alarm distributors report a run on alarm systems. I don't like it. It's getting too close to home. We were giving safety classes for women, how to protect themselves, what to look for. It was about 10:00 last night when the rapist kicked in the door. She becomes the eighth teenager on the list of some 33 victims. The 39th attack of the East Area Rapist took place in this very nice middle-class neighborhood. There were days where I didn't go to sleep until the sun rose. We had tambourines on the windows and doors so we could hear people enter. Ideally speaking, the potential victim is supposed to ward off her attacker with this device. It just was an insane time in Sacramento. The attacks, two of them, one last Saturday, and then again early today, occurred within a few blocks of each other in the Ignacio Valley area of Concord. --REPORTER 1: ...happening in Fremont... ...in Modesto... -REPORTER 3: ...her home in Contra Costa County. The only thing we really know about the East Area Rapist is that he's a pro. He's been at this for four years now and still nobody even knows what he looks like. Alice? Alice, will you do an imitation of Daddy? I have a nightly ritual with Alice, who is a troubled sleeper. Every night before falling asleep, she'll call out for me to come into her bedroom. "I don't want to have a dream," she says. I brush her sandy hair back and put my hand on her forehead, and look straight into her big brown eyes. "You are not going to have a dream," I tell her with crisp, confident enunciation. Her body releases its tension, and she goes to sleep. We make well-intentioned promises of protection we can't always keep. - "I'll look out for you." - No! But then you hear a scream, and you decide it's some teenagers playing around. A young man jumping a fence is taking a shortcut. The gunshot at 3:00 a.m. is a firecracker or a car backfiring. You sit up in bed for a startled moment. Awaiting you is the cold hard floor and a conversation that may lead nowhere. You collapse onto your warm pillow and turn back to sleep. Sirens wake you later. We always joke that... - we must've both been blind. - We're still blind. 'Cause we've been together 40 plus years. It was a blind date. And then, just... After that, we were pretty inseparable? Yeah. Yeah. We purchased,  a house together in Stockton. That was... that was the bad house though. Yeah, I cried the day we bought that house, and I think that was foretelling, actually. Anyway, we could have stayed there very happily. It was in a cute little neighborhood, um, the house was big enough to have a small family, but as, you know, things would work out, we couldn't stay there. We were awakened by a voice and a bright light. That's pretty typical of... of what happened, and that's what happened to us as well. It was a real sense of... of evil in the house. I sensed... every hair follicle on my being stand up... and I understood what it meant to have your skin crawl. The more uncomfortable he could make me feel, seemed to be the happier he was. And he said I was beautiful, bound and blindfolded and... shaking. At times, I couldn't tell if he was crying or if he was giggling like someone who's hysterical might be. He would get silent and I would hope, "Okay, maybe he's gone." And... then I'd hear him again. I had no concept of time. It just seemed like I was in bed bound for an eternity. I had no idea if it was two hours or ten hours. It went on for a couple hours of coming and going, and, you know, coming back and, you know, torturing me some more. Eventually, after about 40 minutes of not hearing anything, he was gone. And then it was, well, this, you know, this is not over yet. And... that started phase two... ...of, you know, what goes on after an attack. There you are, um... bound, incapacitated, in shock. And now there are four more men in the room that you don't know. To have somebody else sit down next to you while you're still unclothed and, you know, take out a knife and... have to cut the bindings off was, um... scary, too. It was scary, too. We were very quickly inundated with,  crime scene investigators and more police officers and,  fingerprint technicians. We were just, um, a piece of evidence in our own home. I wasn't allowed to, use the restroom. And... I remember getting up to reach for my robe and being, you know, stopped... "What are you doing?" you know, "Where do you think... where do you think you're going?" And it's, like, I just want to cover up myself. As time went on, they didn't have anyone to take me to the hospital. I think the protocol was that they would have a female officer, but they didn't have any. I blocked all that out years ago. I don't remember it like her, but... my defense mechanisms are block everything out. That whole aftermath goes on and... you end up in a county hospital where, again, you have to meet with strangers who are going to examine and probe and, you know, you just really would like to be alone. You'd really like to take charge of your being again, but you can't. And you know that you really mustn't if you want the person to be caught. Daylight finally came about the time I was taken back to the house. And they were wrapping up there. Our house was... - A wreck. - ...a wreck. We had just had it painted that week. All of the newly enameled woodwork was covered with graphite fingerprinting material. It looked a lot like a smoke bomb had gone off. It was... it was just... Everything felt contaminated in that house. And it never felt the same. Right as we get up here, you can look over to the right and you'll see the American River. This was a main thoroughfare at the time. And I'll take you to number two. But this is where people run and do biking? This is where... the bicycle trails and all that, this green belt would be where he was going from one point to one point. We often thought he could've had a boat that he was taking to and from. What I'm struck by in Rancho Cordova is I would think that he had to do so much surveillance. - He did a lot. - But... But it... you... He fit in, obviously. Yeah. I really feel this area was chosen because he was comfortable in here and he, you know, knew the area well enough to get in and out as quickly as possible. Right around the corner, there is river access. Back in the '70s, the fog was way heavier than it is now and it was so thick that you couldn't see feet in front of you. The way he disappeared so quickly with nobody having the ability to track him. Fog was a benefit to his escape as well. And it's a great place to stalk because you have access to all of the backyards where you could just walk right up to the fence and look over it like this and you can see everything that's going on in that house. A lot of these houses didn't have back fences at the time. You could be standing out in these bushes and be watching everything that's going on inside of people's homes. And in the evening, nobody's gonna notice you out here. Like, you know, back in the day, nobody would even think about somebody being prowling around behind the scenes. I feel like he was in this area for great amounts of time. And probably knew all the young females that resided in each house. It makes you just... This is the type of thing you have to, um... really, you know, take care of yourself - or you'll... It'll consume you. - Right. 'Cause this is a really dark place to go. This can be very dark. When my husband, trying not to awaken me, tiptoed into our bedroom one night, I leaped out of bed, grabbed my nightstand lamp, and swung it at his head. Luckily, I missed. When I saw the lamp overturned on the bedroom floor in the morning, I remember what I'd done and winced. Then, I resumed my Talmudic study of the East Area Rapist. She would have very, very vivid dreams. So when she would... When I would wake her up, she'd be still half in the dream. Be like, "God, please, please." One time, she ran out of the back of the house, trying to get out of the house, and I'm like, "You are g... what is... you're gonna end up... you're gonna run into the pool or something like that, or what are you do..." You know. It was just this... But again, a very, very vivid, very, very present mind, and that was one of the... I guess, one of the... the costs of it. I don't know. This idea of the DIY detective, or these kind of digital sleuths, are essentially amateur obsessives who congregate online. And there are anywhere from tens to hundreds to thousands of people who are essentially operating as this hive mind. Hey, Paul, it's Michelle. If you have time, I have a little research question that I would love answered, which is the following... Michelle met Paul Haynes on this message board and he came on to really help with the research for the magazine article. Paul and Michelle were this perfect kind of team because she's like the lyrics and he's the tempo. He did incredible data mining. Something that was really important to Los Angeles Magazine, to me as an editor, to Michelle, and to anyone who's been tracking this case, is making sure that you got your facts straight. And we relied on Paul a lot. He would just go laser deep. And what Michelle could do was spin these stories in a really beautiful way. Just let me in. Jesus. What's the big deal? I just have no patience for stop and go traffic. Moving to LA was a big move for me after having spent the better part of a decade in Florida. But when Michelle invited me to be her research collaborator, it was a very exciting opportunity to be directly involved with this case and have my interest, which previously I'd been ashamed of and felt was impractical and odd, legitimized. I moved here in November, and she invited me to spend my first Thanksgiving in L.A. with her and Patton and their friends and family. She liked to cook a lot. She really liked to cook. She was not a great cook, but she really tried. So much, so often. Um, she was... she was, like, had the heart, you know what I mean? Like, she had the heart. That Thanksgiving, I probably did everything. In fact, I... I know I did everything. She just had work to do. She was finishing the article, but she just really wanted it to be good, so she just went upstairs. Like, we had that kind of friendship, like... I just came in her house and I knew where everything was and I made dinner. I was in a panic. We were hosting Thanksgiving, and the second draft of my 7,000-word story was due Tuesday. I'd sent out SOS emails, brief and frank pleas for help that I hoped would be understood. I wasn't myself, though. Impatience roiled. I made a bigger deal than I needed to that Patton bought an undersized turkey. But we understood that about each other, like, "Go have your time." You need hours and hours and hours to get to the deep stuff. You know, when you need... when you... When someone says they need five hours to write, they need an hour to write, but they need the other hours to get down to those depths to start the writing. When I was a kid, my family bought a summer place on the shore of Lake Michigan. The first couple of summers, I didn't really know any of the other kids in the area. So I spent a lot of time on the couch, on the screened-in front porch, reading Agatha Christie novels. My interest in writing began on that porch. As a writer, you could lead a reader through the act of discovery. I was amazed that someone had constructed these intricate mysteries, that an actual human being, a woman, had plotted and twisted and carefully maintained curiosity so that you never knew who had done it until the very end. Yeah, it's... it's just, there's so many... When you think of all the lives this guy ruined, and not just the victims, it just goes on and on and on. It's... it's... it's... Exponentially, you know. - Right. Right. - Yeah. I've worked some really bad cases, and... this series... affected me emotionally and mentally because there was no resolution. Everywhere I went, it's, "How come you guys haven't caught that guy?" There was a lot of... I wouldn't call it hysteria, but gun sales went out the roof. Burglary rates went from 1,400 in a month down to 200. Sacramento women who have never fired a gun before... ...are now learning how to shoot in larger and larger numbers. Gun sales are way up, with some of the buyers not that familiar with how to use firearms, and that can be dangerous. We had one citizen that actually shot a person and killed him. And, um, when it came time, for him to go to superior court, the judge said, "Anybody in the community at that time would have done the same thing." And they dropped the charges. Back in those days... ...it was very, very... very difficult to get departments to work together. When the East Area Rapist left our jurisdiction and went into the city, then he went to Stockton and Modesto and started expanding, there was sort of a lack of communication between the agencies because "You guys couldn't catch him, we will." And that was the attitude. In two cases in my area, I was kicked out of the town, told they didn't need my help, didn't want my help. Two weeks later, they get hit again. Just because agencies didn't work together. I remember there was a day that I was on the phone telling my friend what had happened. And my dad... I guess had picked up the other line and heard me. And I got in a lot of trouble for telling anybody. And, um... and I... I think at that moment, that would probably be the beginning feeling of shame. I felt shame, I felt like, "Did I wear something? How did he pick me out?" There was this thought that you were raped based on your beauty or your clothing or your action and not that something is wrong with the man that can't control these urges. This was something to do with him that had nothing to do with the woman who was his victim. And it was a time where... somehow, it always came back to being the woman's fault. The woman who allows herself to be seen undressing or partially clothed is the woman who invites trouble. Here again, we see lack of awareness, plus invitational behavior. You even had cops saying, you know, "Well, at least he got the pretty one of the sisters." That culture would never know how to ask the right questions or say the right things to a female victim. The law and procedure allowed at that time, the late '70s, that a rape victim could be routinely asked to take a polygraph exam or to see a psychiatrist. When people find out about this violent attack, it's like, "Well, how did you get yourself into that position?" Or, um, "Why didn't you somehow get yourself out of that position?" You know, even some of my best friends would... like, "You couldn't do anything?" You know what I mean? Just couldn't do anything. There wasn't anything to be done. I couldn't have done anything if I'd had a gun on the... on the bed table, you know? You're just... You don't mess around when somebody, you know, has full control of the situation. And there was no mistaking that he was serious. Carol and I both have said he's going to kill somebody. The guy's getting more and more brutal as he goes. More and more violent. I just had this very, very strong feeling. I talked to,  the psychiatrist at the Vacaville Medical Center that worked with the rapists there. And I gave her some reports, and she said, "Okay, come back next week. I'm gonna talk to my rapists in here." The best thing to do if you're in a rape situation is submit, submit, submit until it hurts. Because it's gonna hurt a lot less in the long run. If I'm willing to kill you, the first move you make, you're gonna be dead. The woman that I was with, she fought back and she's dead. I went back the next week and, she said, "You had better catch him. He wants to kill, and he is going to kill." And I said, "Why hasn't he killed?" And she said, "He hasn't found the justification." And I said, "What's the justification?" And she said, "I don't know, but it'll get there." Of course, we didn't know at the time that he'd already killed. The house right here, the Maggiores were killed right outside the fence. This is where she was shot and killed and came right out of. Did you feel at the time that that was related? During the time of the East Area Rapist attack, I had never heard about these homicides. The same owners still reside in these residences where this happened. And then, one of the witnesses lived right here. I heard five shots, and I jumped and looked out the window. And I saw a man run down the sidewalk. And I saw the boy across the street. He came running, running down... right down the sidewalk. And he came right up on the lawn next to the tree. And then right... right as he came to the tree, he looked up and he saw me standing right here. And he was pretty surprised, turned around as quick as he could. He just turned around and just headed straight down there towards the fire hydrant around the corner. The Maggiores were out walking their dog. They were seen running and went through this backyard where they were attacked. The fact that they were chased down and shot, like, Katie was shot right in the head, made me think that they had seen his face and they could identify him. I'm an art student and I drew out a picture of him standing next to the tree, because I saw him, and I saw... I drew a picture of him running down. It's believed that the composite that was released at the time was very close to, um, what the attacker looked like. I didn't work the Maggiore homicides because it was completely different MO. Okay, this isn't in a home in a rape case, but this is a prowler in a ski mask. A pre-tied ligature was also found at the scene, which was a common knot that the East Area Rapist used. There were officers that said "Yeah, I think it could've been the East Area Rapist," and others said, "No, I don't think it was." That was a huge debate because we don't know for sure what happened. But the idea that most people believe is that they encountered EAR and, they were killed because of that. And they were just walking? Yeah. It was so sad. They were just married. Whatever they saw, they had to die for it. I really did... think that they were going to... to catch him. And it was, um... a hard pill to swallow as the years went by, that he could've gotten away with these kinds of things. I really did think that they were going to... to catch him. I mimicked the bedtime routine of a normal person... but after my husband and daughter fell asleep, I hunted the killer with my laptop, the 15-inch hatch of endless possibilities. You know, he stole very specific things from people. Not necessarily valuable things, but things that meant something to his victim. A lot of them were initialed, monogrammed, things like that. And in my interviews with detectives, I would say, "Have you ever tried to follow up and see if these were on eBay or anything like that?" And that just wasn't something they did. My thinking was, who's to say some guy didn't die and you have to clear out your weird uncle's storage. Then, suddenly, you've just put those on eBay, and we could find that. So I just started to keep a list. The cufflinks, a family heirloom, were an unusual 1950s style and monogrammed with the initials "NR." Michelle had been, you know, late night, bleary eyed, looking online, the latest, like, possible clue, and she had stumbled upon a pair of cufflinks. The same style of cufflinks as sketched out in the police file, with the same initials. The idea was... were these the cufflinks that the Golden State Killer had stolen, that then surfaced somewhere in Oregon? And if these were the cufflinks, then there might be a way to trace who sold them to whom and kind of do this, like, chain of where and how... where it came from. I walked down the hallway to my bedroom. My husband was on his side sleeping. I sat on the edge of the bed and stared at him until he opened his eyes. "I think I found him," I said. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 