Bodyguard: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bodyguard 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bodyguard (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 David's theories about a conspiracy at the heart of government look increasingly plausible. But concerns about David's psychological health are raised, and allegations about his and Julia's professional conduct come to light. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I want you right beside me, not because it's your job, but because it's our choice. This is a very, very dangerous politician. Someone who must be stopped. We've taken the liberty of providing you with a tablet so the material can't be traced to your own devices. Someone acquired clearance to make a secret visit to her suite. I need to ask you to identify yourself. He gave the name Richard Longcross. Security Service. I'm sure of it. That was us plotting to build the Death Star. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Julia's snatching the key to Number 10. We need to do something fast. This never happened. And if I don't come back, go to the Death Star. I thought they were sending you a cab? Yeah. I don't need their shitty cab. - Let's have some nice food, a couple of drinks. - This feels weird. What about Budd? He left the auditorium and when he came back in, that's when Mahmood appeared on the stage. Rob just called me. I need to warn Julia. What's in the briefcase? From this angle it's unclear if the explosion originated from the briefcase. What's going on here, then, Mr Macdonald? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Whatever Tahir was doing, I'm completely in the dark about it. There's a simple, plausible story for you to stick to. And you will stick to it. Despite the heroic efforts of our emergency services, the Home Secretary Julia Montague succumbed to her injuries and was pronounced dead. Dave, you shot yourself! It was a blank round. Is there something you're not revealing to us regarding the state of your mind before, during or after the attack? Nadia, we're desperate to find the person who's been creating these devices. Budd PPO for both, Mahmood's briefcase... I don't trust him. He's hiding something. - Sir. We've heard back from Fort Halstead. - Thank you. Shit. The device wasn't in the briefcase. From the pattern of damage and the expansion of the blast wave, it appears the bomb was planted under the stage. Planted? It couldn't have been, surely? We don't know how they got access. We're still checking security cameras and interviewing college staff. The sniffer dogs would have... Materials that survived the explosion suggest the device was housed in an airtight container. When the detonator was triggered, it could've opened a valve to allow in oxygen to support combustion of the TATP explosive. Was it triggered by a timer? Remnants of circuitry were detected at the scene. Fort Halstead believe it could've been a pressure sensor, designed to trigger the device when weight was applied to the stage. That's why Mahmood needed to get backstage. The Home Secretary had avoided activating the pressure sensor. Mahmood needed to get up there and set it off. Although that would risk the device being triggered at the wrong time, by a person venturing onstage before the Home Secretary's speech. Hence why we're also investigating whether the pressure sensor or the device itself were controlled by a timer, or if they were activated remotely. By another person, not Tahir? We're looking, ma'am. I've got my suspicions. Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK You all right, skipper? I need updates from all the Home Secretary's PPOs and CPOs - anything suspicious, anything out of the ordinary. Something the matter, Tom? We lost Kim! Nobody's heard a word off you about it. I'm sorry, mate, you're right. I've been in my own head. Let's talk about this over a pint, eh? All right. David Budd. David? It's Louise Rayburn. Look, I'm not permitted to reveal details of the wider inquiry. This didn't come from me, OK? The bomb wasn't in the briefcase. It wasn't your fault. David? Thank you. Sorry to keep you waiting. Let's head round to the Red Lion. My shout. Sarge, I thought you'd better see this. Go back. There's over an hour of footage missing. - What, is this on all of them? - Yes. Right. Save this all to a drive and get it up to the boss. OK. Your story about this guy Longcross and the missing CCTV... - Yeah? - I believe you. The hair was blond, pushed back off the forehead. - A bit more like that? - Yeah. The eyes were darker. Yeah. - Like that? - Yeah, that's perfect. - What about the nose? - The nose was wider at the tip. - What about his jaw? - His jaw was a bit squarer. - A bit more... - Hair? Is that right? His hair was shorter. Yeah. - Eyes were maybe a little narrower. - Age OK? He's a bit older looking than this. - Nose was slightly narrower. - How's that looking? Yeah, that's starting to look like him. Sarge? What you got? Brilliant. Cheers, mate. Finally. We've got your shooter. Sergeant Andrew Apsted. Served in Helmand Province, two tours. And get this. He was EOD. This could be the original bomb maker or an accomplice of Longcross. Sorry. Brings it all back? It's... It's brilliant. Listen, David... with everything that's going on... maybe we've not paid enough attention to the fact the shooter blew his brains out right in front of you. You lost your Principal and one of your team. I think it'd be a good idea if you stepped away from the inquiry and we get you some time with the counsellor, yeah? No. No way. Figuring out who killed Julia, that's all that matters. That's the only thing that's gonna make me feel OK again. I think it runs deeper than that. You just called her Julia. We're good to go. We've got some plausible locations of the car park you described. I'm afraid we weren't able to see your husband's car or any type of meeting on any of the CCTV cameras relating to the car parks themselves. We've looked at adjacent locations and produced some images of persons of interest. Just take your time with these, Nadia. Do you recognise this man? The interviewee is shaking her head. And what about him? The interviewee is shaking her head. The interviewee is shaking her head. The interviewee is shaking her head. Do you... recognise this man at all? Take your time. Sorry. It's OK. Nadia, thank you. Well done, Nadia. That was great. What about this man? - You can't do that. - I am doing. This wasn't included in disclosure. Nadia, please look at the e-fit. Nadia, please. Lives depend on this. Do you know this man? Is this the man your husband met? Nadia has already described the man as being IC4/6. Were you too afraid to tell the truth? Was the man actually white? Is this the man your husband met? Is this the man your husband met? Nadia has already described the man as being IC4/6. Were you too afraid to tell the truth? Was the man actually white? Is this the man your husband met? It's not evidential. You know the process for photo ID. An e-fit never gives a true likeness. There's a chance she's mistaken. Right now, though, boss, that's not really the point, is it? As your DCI, I'd say, actually it is. - Gonna sit on your hands? - Leave this to us. No one followed up on Longcross. I had to do that myself. We have to consider all possibilities. Like the Security Service were involved in the assassination of a Cabinet Minister. - We don't know that. - We need to find out. Longcross is our lead. From now on, every step we take's by the book. What's next, then, going by the book? That's for me and Commander Sampson to decide. He's only trying to help, boss. David? Look, Sharma's under a lot of pressure. He values your contribution. We all do. - Sure. - David? David, wait. I really want to talk to you about your head wound. I told you, I got it off a gas cooker. It's best if you're examined by the Force Doctor. - Get off my back, Louise. - What am I supposed to do, David? - Let you run around like everything's rosy? - Do you not get it? This is how they'll discredit the inquiry - make me out to be a basket case. No one in this building would use that kind of language. You've got an illness, David. You're traumatised. That sounds any better? Why make this about me when we just found out Longcross supplied the bomb? The Security Service. Finding out why, that's the answer to all of this. - David, you need help. - I need to find who killed Julia. Julia Montague's funeral took place earlier today. It was a private ceremony for close family only. But in the House of Commons, there was a succession... esteemed colleague who is a great loss to her party, her country and this House. Those of us who knew Julia, who worked with her, are still measuring the scale of our loss. Julia and I grew up together in this house. In the end, the pressures of work made our marriage unsustainable. To this day, I still look back and remember our time together as the happiest days of... Thank you, Home Secretary. How much have you got? Enough. Decryption instructions for viewing the material. We've taken the liberty of providing you with a tablet so the material can't be traced to your own devices. We'll take the tablet back when you're finished. It contains a read-only file you'll be able to view for a limited time period before being locked out and requiring new decryption. If that happens, you should get in touch. I'm authorised to make suitable arrangements. See how I go. - Is that the lot? - For the time being. I'll leave it with you. Thank you. Your individual departments, it'd be great. Anyway, cheers, we'll catch up on this again later. Thanks. Commander Sampson's office, please. Chief Superintendent Craddock. David Budd's just come into the office. OK. You have reached National Vehicle Services. Please state your inquiry, leaving your full name and a contact telephone number after the tone. David. - Ma'am. - No, no, no. It's OK. I've received a call from SO15. Apparently you're being a pain in the arse. - Ma'am, I have reason to believe... - Listen. We lost the Home Secretary. Let's go after the bastards who did it. Thank you very much, ma'am. - You OK to head across town? - Sure. I'll have a car sent to the D Block door. - See you down there. - Ma'am. Tom. Come in. - Lorraine. - Ma'am. - David. - Ma'am. My team have briefed me on this non-evidential photo ID made by Nadia Ali. This individual, Richard Longcross, you're convinced he works for the... The Security Service. Yes, ma'am. - There's no evidence of that. - There wasn't. Last night I saw him at an internet café, using a vehicle whose registration data is withheld from the PNC. It's just some bullshit phone number to sucker you into setting off an electronic trip wire. As you've disclosed it, we can smooth that over. The only way Longcross could've gone to the café - is if they're tracking keywords in online activity. - What keywords? Relating to compro-mat the Security Service supplied to the Home Secretary. What are you talking about? In her hotel a few days before she was killed, the Home Secretary had a visit from Longcross. He supplied her with an encrypted file of compro-mat she subsequently shared with the Prime Minister. And you kept this to yourself? If David's on to something, ma'am, maybe it wouldn't hurt to focus on that? - Did you get copies of the compro-mat? - That wasn't possible. I attempted to photograph the material using my mobile phone but the device was equipped with an infrared sensor that shut it down in proximity to digital devices. Have you got any details on the scandal? A series of scandals, all covered up. A sexual assault, drug addiction, financial impropriety. Last night I learned they relate to the Prime Minister. And that's only what I was able to deduce. There may be more compro-mat. Now the Home Secretary's dead, the Security Service must be terrified of their role coming out. That's why Longcross is tracking keywords relating to the compro-mat, to intercept anyone who's on to them. So where's the compro-mat now, David, any idea? The Home Secretary had it with her. I assume it was destroyed in the explosion. And you suspect the Security Service planted the bomb? It makes no sense the Security Service murdered Julia Montague. They were in partnership - she offered them greater powers in return for the compromising material. Maybe the relationship went sour, or she became a liability, I don't know. Cui bono? Who benefits? Clearly the Prime Minister, for one. And his supporters - Roger Penhaligon, Mike Travis. Mike Travis? He was always jealous of the Home Secretary's private meetings with the Security Service. And he's all about party unity and completely loyal to the Prime Minister and Penhaligon. That's interesting. We know Tahir Mahmood wasn't carrying the bomb in the briefcase. But he did set off the device via a pressure sensor. And Rob Macdonald probably induced him to go on the stage. And who's Rob's new boss at the Home Office? Mike Travis. Yeah. Thank you, David. - What's going to happen now, ma'am? - We'll see to it. People keep saying that. Meanwhile the Home Secretary's killers are no nearer being caught. Sorry to keep you, Sergeant. - How can I be of assistance? - Just a quiet word. The night the Home Secretary was in surgery, she had three official visitors: Roger Penhaligon, Mike Travis and Rob Macdonald. - That's correct. - What were their movements? They were briefed in the Management Suite, then Mr Penhaligon spent the night awaiting news on his wife. Ex-wife. So he was alone? Did he have any visitors? What about... this man? Or him? Sorry. Did Mr Penhaligon hinder the medical staff in any way? No, he was very concerned about his wife's welfare. Ex-wife. Was there anything unusual he was concerned about? He seemed very concerned about the Home Secretary's personal items but I suppose that's not unusual... - What items? - Her ministerial folder, her briefcase, her handbag. - He took these? - No, they were never found. Which is why Mr Penhaligon got very anxious. But that's because they're of sentimental value. Thank you. David Budd. What can we do for you, sarge? I just want a couple of minutes with your P. Mind skipping me to the front of this queue? This way. Sorry. Mr Penhaligon won't be a minute. Official business. You're interrupting my service to my constituents. And I want you to leave. Don't make a scene in front of all these people. It'll be all over social media in less than an hour. I'd like to put to you new information regarding the murder of your ex-wife. What new information? I'm interested in an item that was in her possession before she died. What item? I've been informed you were anxious to locate the Home Secretary's belongings the night of the attack. She was in possession of material that affected national security. I've been at the hospital. They told me you were interested in items of sentimental value. The Home Secretary's life hangs by a thread and the Chief Whip's hung up on tracking down her handbag? You're being offensive, Sergeant. Now, I suggest you stop this line of questioning now and I'll take up my complaint with your senior officer. The item you were looking for, you knew it wouldn't be in her official materials. What exactly was it you wanted to get your hands on? I've nothing further to add without my solicitor present. If you had a hand in her death, you'll have me to answer to. If you'd just give me a minute. You're up to speed with the briefing we've received from Commander Sampson? I am. I want to raise a specific point of extreme sensitivity. OK. - Amit. - Thanks. This individual, who gave his name as Richard Longcross, was seen at the Blackwood Hotel by Julia's PPO, yet surveillance footage was removed. An allegation's been made that he's one of your officers. Is he? No. I can see only one acceptable way to prove he isn't. And that would be? Open yourselves up to the police investigation. Give SO15 access. As you're aware, we're conducting dozens of highly sensitive operations, all of which could be jeopardised if sensitive information is disclosed. Hundreds of operatives in the field, all of whom would be imperilled. You're not above the law. The matter isn't of law, but of national security. The Thornton Circus gunman could only have known your predecessor's itinerary via a police leak - a police leak could only have been behind the Heath Bank attack on the children of your predecessor's PPO. There's no way I'm giving the Metropolitan Police access to my organisation or personnel. It's not your decision. You answer to me. We all answer to someone. Stay down here, Grace. Grab yourself a coffee. Thank you. Drink? David Budd ambushed me at my constituency surgery. - David Budd? - I'm convinced he's aware of the compro-mat. - How? - How the hell should I know? All we've got is what the PM's told us. Not the whole story either, knowing how he rolls. Julia blackmailed him over its content. Possibly she took Budd into her confidence, or... he joined the dots. Mr Macdonald. PS Budd. Hi. Sorry, I've... I've got to get to work. There's the people that start the war and the poor bastards that end up in the line of fire. I'm sure you realise the net's closing. Look, I haven't a clue what you... Really, I've got to get to work. I've looked into the eyes of a suicide bomber. Tahir Mahmood? He was just some flunkie terrified of fucking up his boss's speech. But you? You made a point of not being there that day. Then you called Tahir and made him go up on stage. That all seems like a calculated sequence of events to me. Did you come up with it all on your own? Look, I've... I've been through everything with SO15. No, no. You lied about everything to SO15. It's time to start telling the truth. Are you threatening me? Argh! Julia was murdered in cold blood and I know you were part of it. - I had nothing to do... - Tell SO15 what you know. SO15, do it. It would be redundant for me to say I know where you live. Boss. You'll never guess who's just waltzed in to make a voluntary statement. I need to provide some background. Till recently I, Mike Travis, senior civil servants... Julia Montague involved us all in Home Office business. Standard practice. Then there began to be these frequent unofficial meetings with the Director General of the Security Service and to an increasing degree, we were all shut out. It's still unclear to me the nature of their meetings. OK. Then we came to suspect that Julia was preparing a leadership bid. Who's "we"? Mike Travis, Roger Penhaligon... Mike Travis, formerly Minister of State for Counter Terrorism, now Acting Home Secretary. Roger Penhaligon, Government Chief Whip. Thank you. When Julia decided to go ahead with her speech at St Matthew's College, despite security advice, we realised we had to act fast. Act? In what way? To prevent her from starting a potentially damaging leadership contest. I was told we needed to embarrass Julia politically. Told by who? That came from Roger Penhaligon. I'm telling the whole truth when I say that my only intention was to embarrass Julia. No way would I want to see her harmed in any way. So, what did you do? I inserted inaccurate material in her speech... the idea being that she'd immediately become embroiled in a humiliating climb-down. To make sure the plot couldn't be retraced to me, and hence to Mike and Roger, I made an excuse not to attend the speech and advised Julia that all the fact-checking would be handled by Tahir Mahmood. We had this idea to use Tahir to create an embarrassing moment on camera, something that would go viral and immediately derail her campaign before it even got started. This was the phone call to Mahmood suggesting he go on stage - and interrupt the Home Secretary's speech? - Yes. But it has been established that Mahmood venturing onstage could've triggered the device. Yes, but none of us... None of us knew anything about the bomb. I certainly didn't. It was all about the politics. Why make a point of giving Mahmood the briefcase? I didn't want him examining the documents till it was too late. So I handed him a closed briefcase at the very last minute, reassuring him that the contents didn't need to be reviewed. Firstly, the briefcase has been shown not to have contained an improvised explosive device. And secondly, all your forensic investigations have found no explosive residue on my client, at his home or place of work. Let's be clear, Mr Macdonald, OK? Was everyone involved in this plot to embarrass the Home Secretary unaware Tahir Mahmood might set off a bomb at the venue? Of course. We're politicians. We're not murderers. You worked closely with Julia Montague, didn't you? Yes. Yet you were prepared to stab her in the back? No, it wasn't like that. It was... It... It was all for the sake of party unity. So he didn't give us anything on the compro-mat. I doubt he was ever in the loop. Roger and Mike played the party unity card, Rob rolled over. - It didn't seem like he believed it himself. - He didn't. He had his own reason. What? I witnessed the Home Secretary reject Rob's advances a couple of times. Humiliated him. He wanted to do the same to her. I think he's telling the truth. Budd's wife's been at work all day. She's just returning now. Unfortunately RPOs guard the safe house round the clock. Then we're forced to be bold. Ops. Boss is back. He's on his way. How'd it go at the Home Office? Fortunately while the compro-mat's still out there, there isn't a politician in Westminster not shitting himself he's implicated. Makes it easier to push back. Good. Only problem is they know about you. Longcross. That'll be David Budd. He's the only one who challenged me, the only one I gave that name to. Some fucking bullet-stopper. How could you let him get one over on you? No. It's the other way round. - David. - Ma'am. Come in. Thanks for coming in at short notice. Have a seat. Unfortunately this was something that really couldn't wait. Um... I've received an extremely serious allegation regarding unprofessional intimacy between you and the late Home Secretary. Who's making this allegation? I'm not at liberty to say. They're alleging something went on in private? I can't see how there's evidence. You can't give any credence to this. There's a recording. This is coming from the Security Service? Longcross must've bugged her room. Is this recording even legal? David, is it true? Ma'am, you have to caution me if my answer might incriminate me. - I'm entitled to a consultation with my Police... - Don't quote the regs at me, David. You weren't just fucking the Home Secretary but our whole reputation. They're trying to discredit me, ma'am! I'm onto them - the Security Service, Longcross, all of them! All of who? There's been leaks right through this whole investigation. The Home Secretary's itinerary, my kids' school, the bomb planted at St Matthew's - the Security Service could have done it all. David, you've been through a lot. Take time off. Stop ruffling feathers. Then maybe, just maybe, I can make this go away. They want me to go away. Dave. Sorry, Vic, I wanted to talk away from the kids. What's up? Something's going on at work. I don't know if it'll come out or not but you've got a right to know, as my wife, I mean. OK. Julia and I... we were having an affair. What do you want me to say? I don't want you to say anything. Look, I've got to get to hand-over, so... - By the way, you're a day late. - Come again? Yesterday a security officer came up to the ward. He said that you and the Home Secretary were very close. What security officer? He said he was looking into the circumstances surrounding the Home Secretary's death. What the hell's a security officer? Was this bloke police or what? I'm not sure. Was he plainclothes, a detective? - Did he give a name? - Erm... not that I remember. For God's sake, Vic! What were you thinking, not getting a name? I couldn't help him. He left without making a big deal of it. - It'll be on CCTV. - Um... Ward D-20. Two, two-thirty. What did he say exactly? Stuff about when you were coming home after your shifts. If you'd ever brought anything back to put somewhere safe, if you'd ever brought anything back belonging to the Home Secretary. He even asked if the Home Secretary had ever visited. That him? Yeah. Look, Vicky, thanks. I need to get on with things, before it's too late. Well, who is he, what is this all about? - The less you know, the better. - Are we in any danger? You're in a safe house, with round-the-clock protection. You'll be fine. Then why did you say, "before it's too late"? No reason. The device planted at St Matthew's College. We've got gaps in the CCTV from the night before. How that happened, and how the offenders bypassed security, we still don't know. Same goes for how the bomb wasn't detected despite searches of the venue right up to a few minutes before the attack. Andrew Apsted. We need more on him - who he grew up with, who he joined the Army with, who he served with. And where did he get that rifle? Erm... guys, OK if we pick this up later? No worries, sarge. He wasn't just at the internet café. - He visited my wife's ward. - My God. Cheers, we'll... We'll look into it. Look, unfortunately there wasn't any CCTV at the internet café. But I'm guessing that's why you went there in the first place? We're still checking other cameras in the vicinity. I overheard you talking about Thornton Circus. We've learned Apsted formed a pressure group called Veterans' Peace Group. So he was on a watch list? No. The group was marginal, never threatened any action but... You're right, it's weird he wasn't. Which brings us back to your Security Service theory. Maybe they didn't put him on a watch list to keep him under the radar. He was recruited by them? A disaffected loner with explosives experience. Talk about perfect candidate. I know how stretched you are here. Let me look into this. We've already had a conversation about how fit you are to work. The moment this case is over, I'll see the counsellor. I'll see the doc, whatever. I just need time. Please, I'm asking you as a colleague, copper to copper. Thanks, Louise. Blast from the past. Took a few calls to get your new number. I'm here. So what have you got? A Makarov. - Nice bit of kit. - I can get you six more. - How much? - Not how much. What. A PSL, with no history traceable back to me. Fine. I'll take my business elsewhere. Maybe I can make a couple of calls. But this... This is gonna take work. I'm not making no promises. I get that back when we do the trade. Or I come looking. Not answering your phone? Sorry, I must've... Battery's dead. You wanna get a refund, the amount of time that thing's switched off. It's late, Louise. Is there something I can help you with? CCTV from your wife's ward was deleted. Same as the Blackwood and St Matthew's. None of the cameras in the vicinity of the internet café picked up anything either. They know how to avoid 'em. I do have something, though. Security camera at your wife's safe house. They identified themselves as SO15 Officers. By the time the RPO alerted anyone of her suspicions, they'd carried out a search. Security Service? This means the safe house has been compromised but there is nothing to suggest your family are in danger. Remember I told you someone broke into my flat? Do you believe me now? Yeah. They're convinced the compro-mat wasn't with the Home Secretary at the time of the explosion. It's still out there. They seem pretty sure if anyone knows where it's hidden, you do. Why's that, David? I don't know. Julia Montague's home was thoroughly searched, all of her devices seized. There was no tablet found. Sorry I can't help you, Louise. I don't know what happened to it. If the Security Service believe you know where it's hidden, so do I. I'll see you at Julia Montague's flat. 0800 tomorrow. Cheers. Apart from the seized devices, the search team left everything where they found it. You know the layout better than anyone. Maybe you'll spot something that stands out. If you really think this will help. She had a computer in here. We've gone through the hard drive with a fine-tooth comb. Tom, you're driving me up the wall. Shit or get off the pot, mate. Sorry, ma'am. Come in. Now what's up? Look, I'm the last person to dob in a skipper, ma'am. But David Budd... he's got this head wound and everyone's letting him walk around like nothing happened. Sit down. David? Chanel. - Hey. - Hi. Something wrong? Oh, my God, of course there is! I was never Julia's biggest fan but I was genuinely so sorry to hear what happened. God, you must still be in shock. I'm all right. - Maybe I shouldn't have come over. - No, no. I'm sorry. Is this a regular haunt of yours? Always the policeman, never off duty. Yes, I've been here before, no, I'm not stalking you. Sorry. How are you doing? Yeah, all right. Moved on. I'm still looking for the right opportunity. But um... yeah. It's a tricky time. So... Actually I wanted to say I am really sorry for causing such a scene when I was fired. It was the last thing you needed. Thank you for being such a sweetheart that day. You're very welcome. I wanted to thank you properly but your phone was out of service. I... had to get a new one. Just cos I was gonna suggest a drink, if... My treat? Sure. - Yeah? - Yes. OK. 07700... Yep. 900431. And that's mine. - Chai tea latte for Sam. - Oh, that's me. Sam? Saves the palaver of them trying to spell my name. - Great to see you, David. - You too, Chanel. - There you go. - Thank you so much. Chanel Dyson was the late Home Secretary's PR, until she was fired. I witnessed her being picked up from outside the Home Office in this Range Rover. I ran the registration at the time, found it was owned by a company based in the Cayman Islands. - Rich girl gets top job. Shocker. - That's what I thought at the time. But I've been thinking over everyone who had the inside track on the Home Secretary, who could have compromised her security. To kill a Cabinet Minister - think of the amount of people that would have had to turn a blind eye, to not do their jobs properly. Some may have been zealots. But plenty of others would just have taken a pay-off or ask no questions. That takes money or intimidation - lots. Maybe it wasn't all down to the Security Service after all. The male subject has been identified as Luke Aikens. Aikens is believed to be a senior figure in organised criminal enterprises. Everyone focused on the counter-terrorism aspect of RIPA-18. But enhanced surveillance on phone and email activity would be just as big a threat to organised crime. No such thing as coincidences. Why's Chanel, and by extension, Luke Aikens, making contact with you? I don't know, Louise. Sorry. Is this a bad time? No worse than any other. They said it was all right. - What's up, mate? - Craddock's been trying to get hold of you. OK. I'll drive you. Your repeated refusal to accept counselling has raised concerns regarding your fitness for duty. And now I've received an extremely disturbing report regarding the possibility you've attempted self-injury with a firearm. What report? Who from? David, I recognise an officer in denial when I see one. This is for your own good. You're to go on indefinite leave as of now and... Ma'am, no... I would strongly urge you to accept treatment from Occupational Health. Ma'am, please, I can't be removed from duty till I've found who killed Julia Montague. I'm also removing your firearms ticket, for obvious reasons. I'm very sorry, David. This is for your own good. Neil. Need your blue card, mate. Signature, please. We're looking for a link with Luke Aikens or any of his associates. I'm sorry. Give me a minute, guys. You fucked me over. What are you talking about? No. Don't play dumb. I trusted you! I don't know what you... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 