Mock the Week: Season 18, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mock the Week 
 s18e13 - Christmas Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mock the Week (2005–…): Season 18, Episode 13 - Christmas Special - full transcript 
 Dara O Briain and Hugh Dennis mark the end of 2019 with a special show looking back on the year's events, along with unseen material, out-takes and all the usual fun. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 # Read about the things that happen throughout the world # But don't believe in everything you see or hear # Read all about it # Read all about it # News of the world News of the world... # CHEERING AND APPLAUSE # Read all about it # News of the world News of the world. # This programme contains some strong language Hello, I'm Dara O Briain. Season's greetings and welcome to a special festive edition 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of Mock the Week, coming to you live from Pizza Express in Woking. We're here for a team bonding on a standard shooting weekend so this week you'll be watching outtakes, unseen material and a look back at the year. Make sure you enjoy it. No sweat! This is the meltdown of the core of the Labour Party. That's how bad things are getting. Shit is falling out of the sky! It's a bit of white tape. Are we going to shift this along before what that tape was holding falls on me? We start with a round called Picture of the Week. I show the panel a topical image and ask them to tell me what's happening. So, what's going on here? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why did she decide to moonwalk to the lectern? Is it Theresa May proving that she can leave something? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Has someone just shouted, "We'll be glad to see the back of you", and she's taken it far too literally? I think what she said was, she was like, "Now I can listen to my favourite music... VOICE BREAKS: "..the country and western I love." LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I think of some of those great country songs and I begin to cry as well. It does look frighteningly like the door is still closed. That would've been great, if during the speech, they changed the locks. You just see some bin bags flying out the window. Or the letter flap opens from the inside and all of her clothes are just pushed out. Does anyone know what the story is? Is it Theresa May resigning as Conservative leader? Absolutely right. Yes, thank you very much, Glenn. Yes, this is Prime Minister Theresa May outside 10 Downing Street, having just announced her resignation. May will step down as Leader of the Conservative Party on 7th June, but will continue to serve as Prime Minister until the Tory leadership contest has been concluded. This seemed to be the biggest question anyone had - did you feel sorry for her? Well, I feel sorry for anyone who's forced to make an announcement standing in the middle of a road. I am originally from Russia and I can't deal that resignation is even an option for a leader. Why do you need a lectern? I don't understand that. You could do it with a bit of paper. If she's got a lectern, it always makes me think she's going to make an announcement with a glove puppet. I'm making an important policy announcement and here to help me is Monkey. Every time you see somebody behind a lectern? What university did you go to exactly? Sooty University. Yeah, Sooty University. Yeah, it was, wasn't it? Yeah, it really was, yeah. Cambridge... Oh, are you also the head of Cai-us College, or whatever? I think you'll find it's pronounced "keys", Dara. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I'm terribly sorry. I just... I just couldn't let that one go. In terms of sport, who made an impressive comeback this week? Now, this was a friend of the show. Friend of the show. Andy Murray. Andy Murray, yes. Andy Murray won the doubles tournament at Queens on his comeback tournament. Yeah, after he's had his hip resurfaced. Yes. Which is amazing. Resurfaced?! It's clay now, it was grass and... Well, I'm sort of assuming you would do it with tarmac, would you? I love the way you're asking me, the Irish man. That's why I was asking. I can get you the tarmac, but I'm just saying... I'm offended, but also I spot a deal when it's appearing. They shaved a bit of the surface of the joints off. That's the thing about you oldies - you know about stuff like this. How much older than you am I? 11 years. I like that you've checked... You just told us you're 47. So it didn't take much for me to go, "Well, I'm 36..." That's the thing about you oldies, you can't count. Give him a Sudoku puzzle, keep it working. I'm the same age, I don't know why I'm laughing. You never know why you're laughing, that's what happens when you get to certain age. Just happy to be here! Just happy to be around! I just think it's nice that you came to visit Tom, that's all. We all came to visit. And you finally found a girlfriend. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE What a partnership we'd be. In other news, who was expelled from the Labour Party recently? Oh, shit, I've spilt some...! Oh, fucking arsehole! LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Didn't get me! But got the electric cables... Hey! Did anyone see that big car that Trump had? Hey, brother! What's up, playa?! Hey, homie! Are we talking like this for the pick-ups? Hey, cracker! So, what special car did Trump bring over with him? Oh, I don't know, daddio! The Beast. It was The Beast. What's The Beast? He's never going to get that into the ULEZ zone, is he? First thing Trump did when he arrived was meet the Queen. Here they are meeting. Nice that he's put on his formal-wear tutu. That was nice. I like to imagine she's going "Oh, you arrived at Stansted, did you? "That was my idea." Why does she need a handbag? She's in her own garden. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Yeah, what...? What could be in there? She's carrying her mace in case he tries it on. If you just focus on the front bit of the jacket, it looks like he's got the most obscene boner in history. I hadn't seen that, but now... You can't not see it. You can't not see it now. Ludicrous... Look, none of us have met the Queen, we don't know what's it's like. Sorry, sorry I spilt water on my foot and I nearly slipped. That was a weird exam question. Oh, sorry. Not in character. It's fine, I'm fine. Is there now water all over the floor? Is there...? No, it's fine - I just had my foot in the wet patch. Oh, you're doing your own jokes now, aren't ya...? Sorry, what is that a euphemism for? "Got your foot in the wet patch? Know what I mean?" No! You have to remember, Nish hasn't done it. Moving on, how did a deer make headlines in America recently? Oh, this is amazing. Are we going to watch it? Yes. This is a deer arriving in some style at a hair salon in Long Island in New York. Normal day at the hair salon. What the hell's this? Is that bloke going "No, I said I wanted MOUSSE"? Then it went out the door. Look how politely it left out the door. It was really sweet. "I'm so sorry about your window!" Exactly. It was like he was a disgruntled customer. He was, like, going, "What the hell do you call this?!" I like to think that just off shot there's a dog owner shouting, "Fenton!" A man dressed entirely in red with a white beard. "Rudolph! Rudolph! Rudolph! Rudolph!" Dara, this is new technology, right? Yeah. You may not know this, OK? But when you're getting a hair cut it can be very awkward if midway through the haircut you can tell the hairdresser's not really up to it and it's not going well. So they've made this new app in America where, if you're panicking, you just get your phone out and go "Save me", and then a moose crashes in... In other news, who's favourite to replace Theresa May as Party Leader? Boris Johnson. You've got to worry. Like, he's been quiet for about six months - we knew he was up to something. The Tories are likely to select him, aren't they? Because he's up against Farage and you need to fight Titan with Titan. It's like the plot of Godzilla but with bellends. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE If it does end up being Boris, I find it so weird that he will sleep in the same bed that Theresa May used to cry under. Oh, that's so sad! I know, but whoever comes in after him will definitely change the bed. I can imagine him putting in one of those race car beds. I think if he does become Prime Minister, it does mean that Gary Busey will be in Series 7 of The Crown. Yeah, so that's them - we've got Raab, we've got Gove. Esther McVey is running. This is Tommy Fury... This is Tommy Fury - he's running as well. He's the 20-year-old boxer from Manchester. He's running for it as well. Who else is running? I think we've... Is it Yewande Biala? She's a... Wait a minute, hang on. We may have mixed this up... This is Love Island, which is on at the same time, so it's very easy to mix up these two competitions. They're both running during the summer, they're both going to be huge, there'll be eliminations, we'll narrow it down. Do you know the best thing about Love Island? Go on. Oh, God, Ed Gamble is in it. Look, Ed Gamble... Wow! There I am. Look at Ed Gamble. Ed, this is... You know what, you're the first people to bring it up. It's not like I've been dealing with 24 hours of shit on Twitter for this! It's another reason for you to take that shirt off. OK, meanwhile, how did former Conservative MP Rory Stewart upset two Irish musicians? Grown-up Rhys James? Yeah. Rhys James of the future. You love it when we bring this up, don't, you mate? You love it. What a wonderful person to look like. It is... Every time, every time. I think that's unfair because he looks like a zombie of Rhys James, which is double-spooky cos Rhys already looks like a ghost. Isn't it infuriating that when Ed gets a lookalike, it's someone from Love Island, a TV show about sexy people? And when I get one, it's a 46-year-old Tory who looks like a haunted puppet. It really just looks like your bit of hair that's folded over has just flipped up a bit. What is it...? How did he get in trouble? So, he had a video of him meeting two Irish musicians, who happened to be black, in Brick Lane and he referred to them later on as minor gangsters. Now, you can't just assume that everyone that you meet is black... Uh, that is black... Yeah, that would be a weird... Yeah, that would be a weird assumption. You're right Angela, you can't, you can't... I did that for many years. That is the most woke thing I've ever heard in my life. "I'm not assuming you're black!" I can't wait to see that in the blooper reel. "Hello, Your Majesty. Now, I'm not presuming you're black..." Our next round is called Newsreel. We play in a recent piece of footage featuring people in the news and ask Hugh to suggest what might be being said. This week's clip features the EU leaders. AS THERESA MAY: I know I'm not supposed to be at the G7, but I thought I'd just pop in. AS ANGELA MERKEL: Don't worry, Theresa, it's lovely to see you. Look at this, it's hilarious. This is Prince Andrew on "Would I Lie To You?" Oh, look, and another photo. Look at that, it's Jacob Rees-Mogg without any trousers on! AS DONALD TUSK: Now that is what I call a dick pic! AS ANTONIO COSTA: Sorry, I'm very sorry. It's for current world leaders only. We're going to need that chair for Boris. AS THERESA MAY: Well, fuck Boris - I'm staying. AS ANGELA MERKEL: She just turned up without an invite wearing the same outfit as me. AS EMMANUEL MACRON: Oh, the shitty blue jacket? AS VLADIMIR PUTIN: So I'll just stand here for the leaders' photo. So where is everyone? It's the leaders' photo. I can't stand here looking like Vladimir No Mates, standing at the friendship bus stop. Where is everyone? Ah, this man, he will stand next to me. Yes, you will stand next to me. How do you do? All right... You will regret that. What's wrong? Have I got some shit on my shoes? Oh, yes, shit on my shoe, Shit on my shoe. You will stand next to me or I will kill you. AS LEE HSIEN LOONG: What is that funny smell? Thank you very much, Hugh. APPLAUSE Is it how many decibels does the fox below my window orgasm at? There's a real tone to it as well, isn't there? Yeah. EHHHH! It sounds like it's saying, "Ed." EDDDD! "I'm thinking of you, Ed. I'm thinking of you on Love Island." Aaaahhhh! It's what's getting me over the line here. Does anyone know the correct answer? How many people have been buying tickets for the Women's World Cup. Absolutely right. Thank you very much, Kerry Godliman. Now, have you been following any or all of this? Yeah, I've been singing Three Lionesses On The Shirtesses. It's very early in the tournament, isn't it? We've only played one game, against Scotland, which got 6.1 million viewers. Which is great. So they're the Lionesses. Yes. Do they change the badge? Do they do it like Disney do and just put eyelashes on the lion? A little bow. A little bow like Mrs... Ms Pac-Man. Wears a bow and then looks giddy about the whole thing. Some people are annoyed about it, though, aren't they? There's all these old-fashioned people being like, "I don't want to watch women's football." But I'm actually going to throw my support behind it because I will get behind anything that annoys old-fashioned bigots. You know, I'm now fully throwing my support behind gay box-ming... Oh, fuck! It was going to be so good. It was good, going well. It was going real well, I had the room captive. Do you want to give it another crack? Was there more to it? I feel like they've seen where it's going now. So I just think there's a lot of old-fashioned bigots who are kicking off about... There are, there are. Old-fashioned bigots, there are! Trying to kind of wind you into it. Do you know what I hate? Do you know what I hate? Do you know what I hate? Do you know what I hate, Ed Gamble? Love Island's Ed Gamble. Do you know what I hate? Come on. Some of the very reactionary attitudes to something like the Women's World Cup. I don't know about you, but that really gets on my nerves. Well, that's just... that's just given me a thought. I hate the old-fashioned bigots kicking off about women's football. You know, in fact, now I'm going to really get into it and I'm going to throw my weight behind things like gay box... box... Argh! LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I used to go out with a girl years ago who had a great big green top and big gloves, and I took her home to see my mum and she whispered to me, "She's a keeper." LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE How has the women's manager, by the way, Phil Neville been channelling Gareth Southgate? Who's Phil Neville? Phil Neville is the manager of the Lionesses. Oh, OK. Gareth Southgate is the manager of the men's team. Are you going to talk about loads of sport? Cos I've got a note. Oh, OK... LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I don't do sport. "Dear Sir, please ex-cuse Kerry from talking about PE. "Unfortunately she doesn't understand it. "Thanks, Mrs Kerry, bracket, Kerry's mum." Is it how long does the average VAR decision take? Oh, you lads! How long does Prince Andrew have to stay at someone's house to tell them he's not friends with them any more? How long did my French hip-hop group Rapatouille last? Ah! Oh, oh, I want to see that. I really don't want to see that. Je suis Rapatouille. Is it what is the average journey time from Guildford to London on South West Railways? Is it how long did I live rent-free in a London office just by purchasing a Deliveroo jacket? By the way, all I've done for the last... I don't know what you've been talking about. I've been writing the lyrics of the Rapatouille songs. RAPS: # Oui, oui, je suis Rapatouille # And me, voici, le super boogie. # It seems to be sort of hemmed in by your lack of French knowledge. I will hit a very big wall in about eight words' time. If you're already on "le super boogie", I think you might have run out. Is it how many days on a Poundland advent calendar? Do you get extra stuff at Poundland? No, I'm being mean about... Poundland's actually a very good shop I'd say, very handy. Well, I once bought some clippers there for my head and it literally ripped the skin off my... Is that why you're bald? Yeah. Did you use it? No, no. I'm not even listening. # Janvier, fevrier... # Moving on, if you want to appear more attractive, how should you pose? With your cock out. On behalf of all women, I'd like to say it's much more attractive when it's in. Yeah. In what?! In... I mean... Oh, God... It's probably not worth it now. It's shit, actually. Do it! Do it! Stop it. Oh, welcome to the salon. Yes, we've actually got a special on for Wookies. Yes, we're doing a waxing. It's for your Chewbacca sac-a and crack-a. That would be great. You know you should do it during the Star Wars topic rather than doing it... LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I get so overwhelmed. It's so overwhelming to me. I get so... This is very overwhelming. It is an unlikely thing to hear during an election campaign. OK, in other news, what have scientists said it's safe to do up to 25 times a day? Please be what I think it is. Please be what I think it is. Please be what I think it is. Almost the end of the round. The points go to me for writing an excellent rap. Let's go for it. # C'est moi, avec toi # Dans le rap nous sommes les rois # Vous etre dans le fenetre # Et regardons moi et ta mere peut-etre? # Nous sommes en dansons et vous etes pensants # Ne touchez pas ma mere's fondant. # It goes on from there. I haven't quite finished... OK, the answer is 10 minutes. What is the question? Is it the average length of a woman's orgasm... ..if you're doing it right? Now you tell me. Who's bringing down that average? Shall I move on? The next topic... I wonder who's going to come in on this one? It'll be a race to the microphone. The next topic is unlikely lines from a Star Wars movie. You go first. We're doing a special for Wookies... Vote for me, Tom Allen. Angela's dying, Angela's dying. Anyone got some water? I've just inhaled a fly and I've run out of water. In other news, who inhaled a fly this week? Give them that old song. We love that old one. All right, all right, can we all... All right, Dara, I'm going to do it. All right. Before you... Give the people what they want. Before you... Hang on. Before you do sorry, just to check the one that we do to say first. # Qu'est ce que vous avez dans le sac, Chewbacca? # Avec le crack et sac-a. # Well, actually if we're on the topic of science - which I think we are - is it true...? You're a science. I'm a science, yes, I am. Is it true that we've only ever seen giraffes when they're aroused, and if they're not aroused, they just look like a horse? Yes, we've got a special actually on at the salon today. Yes, for Wookies. Yes, it's a wax-a for your Chewbacca sac-a and crack-a. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That was Tom Allen with Jedi for the Straight Guy. Meanwhile, what's going on here? Free hugs. Free hugs, everybody! Oh, look, it's Corbyn holding hands with all his Jewish friends. GROANS AND APPLAUSE Jeremy Corbyn summing up his attitude to Brexit by walking down the middle of the road. Did he misunderstand the idea of taking his message nationwide and he's taken it to Nationwide? Is it "Passers-by pretend it's raining "to avoid making eye contact?" Is this the death of the high street? I spoke to these shoppers. "Er...! Er...!" In other news, what's going on here? Is this the brilliant moment we finally discover that Boris' hair shade is bread? Do you think he's buying a hard breadstick or a soft breadstick? I think this is a picture of Boris after he puts yet another bun in the oven. He's pretty much certainly going, "I love baps." Is he behind the till, though? I can't work it out. He is behind the till, yeah. That seems weird that the customers, the till is... They're not... They're outside. That's glass, Dara. You can see through glass. That's what we call here, we call that a shop window. Yeah. It's amazing. It's amazing what... It was a revolutionary thing that came out about 400 or 500 years ago. There are no ends to your acting talents. From Southern Belle accent to mime. It turns out the accent you're best at is mime. How dare you! I'm going to go down to the basement now. OK, the next topic is unlikely things to hear on a charity show. Can you imagine being one of the 350,000 living in poverty? Sorry, Coventry. Here we see Abdi walking 20 miles just to fetch clean water for his Somalian fam... Oh, no, hang on a second - that's Justin Trudeau. And now a special report from Piers Morgan in Africa, where for just £3 a month, you can help us keep him. At the age of 44, Ray discovered an incurable cyst. Help us raise money for the Ray Cyst Foundation. Every day these donkeys are abused, humiliated and degraded. For just £2 a month, you can help them indulge in more of their fantasies at the Donkey Spank-tuary. Type 1 Diabetes, a very serious illness, but don't base your whole act on it. Oh, he's brewing one. Hi, I'm an ambassador for Save the Children, my name is Prince Andrew. Here at the Make A Wish foundation... What is Oxfam? Well, we look after oxes, fam. We're raising money for Stoptober, or, as we like to call it, white Ramadan. Give a man a fish and he'll be fine for a day. Teach a man to fish and with any luck he'll fuck off for the whole weekend. We've just seen a man wanked off with a copy of the Beano. Welcome to Comic Relief. OK, the next topic is things you wouldn't hear on a history documentary. Now, while this may look like an ordinary car park in Leicester, this is actually the final resting place of my hymen. Henry VIII liked his wives to be athletic and that was her downfall. She wouldn't run, she wouldn't walk. She would simply ANNE BOLEYN. And so the king appointed a viceroy as a replacement for his regular Roy. We talk a lot about Winston Churchill's achievements, but we don't talk nearly enough about that ass! It's 1066, so that can only mean one thing - I shouldn't have bought my digital watch from a market. Before dawn, the carts would all come out to collect the bodies. That is until the day that Prince Philip finally handed in his driving licence. As the door was opened, he uttered the words which would start the Russian Revolution. "Excuse me," he said. "Is LENIN?" This was a time before Sigourney Weaver, when everyone else had to weave their own Sigourneys. Thank you. Incensed that both Henry and Edward had become king, Thomas the Tank Engine plotted revenge. Of course we talk a lot about Richard the Lionheart, but we seldom talk about his brother, William the Leopardscrotum. Today we look at one of the key figures of the Ming dynasty - your mum. I love the way you're still following me. RAPS: # Boom, c'est moi, c'est toi # Avec le rap # Nous sommes les rois # Et vous etre dans le fenetre # Et vous regardez moi avec ta mere peut-etre? # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 