Mock the Week: Season 18, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mock the Week 
 s18e1 - Episode #18.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mock the Week (2005–…): Season 18, Episode 1 - Episode #18.1 - full transcript 
 Dara O Briain and Hugh Dennis are joined by Tom Allen, Ed Gamble, Kerry Godliman, Rhys James and Sindhu Vee as the satirical show returns for an eighteenth series. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This programme contains strong language.  Hello and welcome to Mock the Week.  I'm Dara O Briain and joining me this week are Rhys James,  Kerry Godliman and Ed Gamble.  Sindhu Vee, Hugh Dennis and Tom Allen.  APPLAUSE.  We start with a round called Picture Of The Week.  I show the panel a topical image and ask them to tell  me what is happening.  So, what could possibly be going on here?  LAUGHTER.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, clearly the audience have written their own jokes.  That bloke presumably is going, "What has come over you, Nigel?" Is the man on the right saying, "Well, if you can't eat a Fruit Corner properly, young man, it's straight to bed with you"? He's wearing a rosette, so has he just won first prize in a standing under a massive pigeon contest? Is this Nigel Farage straight after one of his special dreams about a no-deal Brexit? Nigel is probably going, "Well, at least I haven't been... oh, shit." Is that lactose on the intolerant? Is he saying, "This isn't what I meant when I said I wanted to meet a big Geordie bird for messy fun"? Ironically, he's been hit with fast food, you know, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 considering the Whopper he told about how easy it was to leave the EU. It was actually, the food was from Five Guys.  Do you want to make a joke about that?  Yeah, I have Five Guys for... Yes!  Please, please, please! He just got milkshaked, didn't he? That's what happened to him. Absolutely.  It happens all over the place. Yes, indeed.  Thank you very, very much, Hugh.  You're absolutely right.  APPLAUSE.  Yes, this is leader of the Brexit Party  Nigel Farage in Newcastle, having just been covered in  milkshake by a protester, an action which has been  condemned by people on all sides of the debate.  And us, too!  Right...  The polls have just closed in the European election  when this show goes out.  I know, it's so sad!  Oh, I was really getting into it as well.  And the Brexit Party is expected to gain the most seats in those  European Parliamentary Elections.  You'd think with that shirt, they would have thrown strawberry milkshake to match. If anything, it should have been a chocolate milkshake. Let's face it. The whole principle of, you know, being a bodyguard doesn't apply  to milkshake, does it?  You're meant to throw yourself in...  Do you think it will be reflected in the next series of the Bodyguard,  where he has to look after someone, someone who is lactose intolerant?  Seems like a great plot device.  I don't believe it anyway, I think this is a new right wing tactic. Any time someone asks you a question you don't want to answer just get a milkshake thrown at you by one of your team. Going, "Farage, do you take donations from Arron Banks?" "Bring in the milkshake, I need the salted caramel!" It is one of these things when you're allowed to be,  have a dial on your outrage, I think, which is a thing that  would have a tendency to forget.  Everything is like, "yeah!"  "No!", "yeah!"  and it's like "You have to condemn this entirely" and you're  going, "Oh yeah, of course, we're condemning, it but we're  condemning it comensurate to it's a milkshake on a suit.  People going "Oh, it's a milkshake today, but tomorrow  it genuinely could be acid".  Yeah, OK, on a case-by-case basis, we will take that  significantly more seriously!  "It's a milkshake today but tomorrow, what if it's  a ninja throwing star?"  "You'll have given them any right to condemn the ninja throwing star."  "What if the next week it's a grand piano with a catapult?"  "And if it's an anvil on a rope?"  Didn't McDonalds put up a sign saying "We're not going to serve milkshakes today"? They were told by the police in Edinburgh not to sell milkshakes.  Burger King tweeted to say "Oh, we don't mind, we're going to sell milkshakes." And they're like some sort of like sassy friend outside the pub, going "you're drunk" and trying to... "I'm not getting involved, I'm not getting involved", and Burger King's like, "Go on, I'll have a go!" "At Burger King, we'll hold your coat."  By the way, have you seen,  did you see the Tory launch of their campaign?  Yes, yes, it was brilliant in Bristol. Oh, oh, it was amazing.  It was amazing.  Yes, it is.  Oh, it was amazing.  It's like the finest photo of all time, it's great.  It's like, can you imagine a sad...  LAUGHTER.  There are no emojis that match these faces. So amazing.  This man's face. I mean, that is literally people at graveside.  That is.  And I know actually Theresa May always wears very  well tailored things, very, very strong fashion choices.  But for some reason, the sleeves being that short just makes  it look even sadder.  Having to wedge her hands into a child's jacket.  It's like her shoulders are now so slumped that her arms have started growing. There was no-one here at this thing. No, no-one.  No-one went. No press, nothing. It was just all in front of no-one. It was like a karaoke in a cupboard. This looks like a team that has just absolutely fucked it on The Apprentice. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE.  Yes, how have the Liberal Democrats caught the eye  during this campaign?  Oh, by still existing. And they've got a bit of street cred, I reckon. Because Vince Cable went on the Andrew Marr Show and he said "bollocks to Brexit". And Andrew Marr told him off, which is right, he was just following medical advice, which is to check your bollocks. And in a way I thought that was quite inspired because you know bollocks actually are very sensitive, they're very complicated. They're outside, but they're still attached. APPLAUSE.  And one is slightly larger than the other. So in a way, it's a perfect metaphor for Brexit. It wasn't that he swore, it's because he's old. It's like your grandad saying boner, like you don't... It's because he's, he's old. I want context on that story. I want context.  We need to hear about that dreadful Christmas. The Lib Dems have done so well because what's happened is, I remember once, there had been a birthday party and there was a single piece of cake left and it belonged to my second child. And the first one said it belonged to him and she said it belonged to her. And he said "No, you're an Islamophobe" and she said "No, you're an anti-Semite" and then the baby came in while they were fighting and just took the cake and went to the side, ate it and bring it back. And that's what Lib Dems have done while these two are fighting. My kids are not really Islamophobe and anti-Semite, I just thought it would give you some context. It's good, I mean it added to the story but wow, it raised  questions about your parenting!  What about Labour?  Are they in it? They're here. They're in it.  They're a part of it as well, yeah.  For instance there's a picture of Corbyn holding a thing.  Don't forget.  Don't forget May. Yeah.  APPLAUSE.  It's not the right election, either, is it? Yeah 20... It says that polling day is Thursday 2nd May is what that says. Oh yes, it is.  And they did quite badly in that one. Why has it not worked out for them, or why has it  been difficult for them?  Well, Jeremy Corbyn decided that he wanted to bring the two sides of the Brexit argument together. Yes.  And he has united them. Because they've both decided they're not going to vote Labour. It just feels like we've been driving forever in the middle of nowhere and it turns out our navigator can't read a map and is also dead. LAUGHTER.  Yes. You know, like, half of us wanted to go to the Lake District and the other half wanted to go to Cornwall. And then it turns out we're just going to have to go to Skegness. And I don't think anybody wanted that. I'm going to ask a question that I think we know the answer to.  What piece of legislation is Theresa May putting  to Parliament next month?  You're allowed three guesses and the first two don't count.  It's her bold new offer for withdrawal. Presumably it's called her bold new offer because it's just the same thing but in bold. No, she's saying she's calling it a bold new offer because she's preparing for her next job, selling washing detergent. It does remind you of when they changed the name of Jif to Cif. They're both going to end up down the toilet, aren't they? There's no good outcome. This is yeah, this is Brexit deal... with lime. With just a hint of spring freshness.  How can you have a new and improved anything to do with that deal? I mean that deal, the deal is a rubbish deal. It's like saying we're going to give you a new and improved menopause. Ugh. I still don't want it. You know what I mean? And it's going to still leave me, you know, sweaty with you know weird bouts of fury, kind of like her bill. It makes me feel so sorry for her though, for Theresa May. Because all she's done as prime minister is just have the hardest job in the history of the world. I mean, a job so hard that the prime minister whose idea it was literally got off the grid. It's ridiculous, all she's done for three years, she's been criticised for absolutely everything from her negotiating, to her clothes, to her shoes, and then she finally tries to get one bit of respite, one bit by just going "Look, I'm just going to have a break and I'm just going to go abroad and I'm going to do the one thing that still brings me an ounce of joy." "Dance." And we're all like, "Oh you're shit at that as well." APPLAUSE.  OK, at the end of that round the points go  to Ed, Kerry and Rhys.  APPLAUSE.  Now we play a round called Who Dairys Wins.  This game involves Tom Allen and Rhys James.  If you could make your way to the performance area, please.  This round is a stand-up challenge.  I launch the Wheel of News, and wherever it chooses to stop,  one of our performers must step forward and talk about that subject.  OK, here we go, let's spin the wheel.  The first subject is race.  Who wants to come in on that?  LAUGHTER.  I remember that day. The inter-racial arm wrestling world championships. I'm a white man. I'm... Thank you. I'm a white man, which means that a lot of people hate me these days. But I'm a white man, so it doesn't matter. Not just that, I'm a young, white, middle class, straight man. In the game of life, that is what's called a royal flush. I hit the jackpot, OK. I got lucky as shit so everyone thinks my life is easy, everyone thinks I've got it simple but that's because they don't know my struggle, OK, my day to day. The shit I have to deal with on a daily basis. Do you know how often I'm sat in a coffee shop and someone asks me to watch their laptop for them? Just let me live my life! Yes, I am trustworthy. But don't assume that on my appearance, OK, that is still discrimination. And yes, in this Cafe Nero, surrounded by all these mums, I'm unlikely to steal your Dell computer when I'm clearly already using a MacBook Pro, a superior laptop. Don't get too relaxed, I could just as easily steal that Dell and repurpose it as a gift for someone I don't respect. Hard part for me about being those five things, that royal flush is being a comedian, that's the hard part, because you're constantly told art comes from pain. To make great art you've got to experience pain along the way, in childhood or whatever, and then harness that pain and turn it into art down the line. But I don't know the meaning of the word pain. I've never experienced any true pain. The first time I even saw the word pain, I was in a patisserie. APPLAUSE.  OK, that leaves us with Tom.  Let's see what your topic is.  Let's spin the wheel.  And it's food.  Oh, OK, very similar topics. I once went to a buffet in Reading. And that's not even the joke. It was organised by a woman called Wendy and it was so beige. It was so bland, it was like a buffet representation of Reading. I looked across this buffet, right, they'd put out sausage rolls, right, sausage rolls where they'd just whipped off the cellophane and put the corrugated plastic straight down on the table. Like we were dogs. Then we had Scotch eggs, right? Scotch eggs, cut into quarters. Apparently no-one can eat a whole one. Then, then we had breadsticks displayed in a pint glass. I thought I was at a fucking Ukip rally. APPLAUSE.  Then she started putting down cold pizza slices next to wontons. No-one's mixed Italian and Chinese cuisine like that since Marco Polo. Then, then she brought out the quadrant of dips, you know, the four dips. The four dips of the apocalypse! The white one. The OTHER white one. Then there's a green one, what's that? Guacamole. Then there's a pink one. What's that made of, Cillit Bang? Nobody knows. To be honest I was just glad to have something made of some sort of colour. Anyway, it was a terrible buffet but thank you very much, Wendy. APPLAUSE.  Very good.  Thank you very much.  The points there go to Tom.  Come and sit down again.  APPLAUSE.  Our next round is called If This is the Answer,  What is the Question?  On the board are six categories.  Sindhu, which category would you like?  World News. OK, your topic is world news. And the answer is: 120,000. What is the question? Is that what Donald Trump thinks a million is? Is it how many times is Theresa May planning to bring  back the Brexit deal?  Or is it how many of my family members were at my wedding? Is that the year that we will leave the EU? Is it what position in the Job Centre queue is Jeremy Kyle? APPLAUSE & CHEERS.  Sounding oddly like a Jeremy Kyle audience. How ironic.  You've become the one thing you hate.  The second half of this show is proving Dara is my real dad. Dara, you should have put something on the end of it. Like his mother.  APPLAUSE.  Whoa, whoa. Is it how many times the Ecuadorian Embassy have put Julian Assange's sheets through a hot wash? Is it when Nando's say unlimited refills, how many refills do they mean? Is it how many sex dreams I've had about that priest in Fleabag? Oh, gosh, yes. Gosh, good one. Is it how many hours of television has Romesh done in the last month?  APPLAUSE.  Is it how many times when I refer to my other half was I actually talking about my bum and legs? Is it what was Manchester City's goal difference? I tell you the best thing that's happened to me in the last week. A taxi driver mistook me for Jurgen Klopp. When do we come in with the answer? LAUGHS & APPLAUSE.  Are you suggesting...? I know that other people may wish to, anyone else  wish to come in with it?  Or now that Tom has decided it all has to end.  How many Eurovision Song Contests before we win one? How many views does the world's least popular porn video have? In the history of The Jeremy Kyle Show, how many guests have had one tooth? Tom, do you know the answer to this?  TOM MOUTHS.  It's the number of personnel that are thought to be sent by the US to the Gulf in response to Iran making moves on a war. When you say personnel, do you mean soldiers? Well, no-one thought they were going to send out a load of typists. People who can do a bit of admin, cover for Julie who's off sick today with her ankle. Yes, is there a more succinct, do you want...?  Is it...? Well, I know the answer. I read the papers unlike some of you who just come in with a shirt. APPLAUSE.  Is it the number of military personnel the US are thought to be sending to the Middle East in response to Iran's recent... uh... actions. Oh, no. Yes, it is.  Absolutely.  Thank you very much, Tom Allen.  APPLAUSE.  Yes, the question I was looking for was how many troops is the US  talking about sending to the Middle East, should tensions  continue to escalate with Iran?  How did President Trump respond to perceived  aggression in the Middle East?  By slamming his fists on the table like an angry baby. He, he responded. Hey, I'm walking here!  Would I be wrong to say he responded by sending a 120,000 military personnel? Let's just scale this back.  They haven't sent...  Oh, they haven't sent them. ..120,000.  Just incase we initiate a war...  Oh. So what was all that about then? ..Between the US and Iran.  That's why I said, are THOUGHT to have sent. Yes, no, you're absolutely right.  It was absolutely right. It's only famous...  I was ABSOLUTELY right. It was famously...  I thought that they were thought to be sent. Yeah, but you've... Clearly what's happened, Tom, you've not read the paper properly and you should have concentrated on getting a better shirt. APPLAUSE.  Boo. Boo. Moving on, what new feature on the phone app Snapchat has become  the latest viral trend?  Terrible, it's that thing where you get to turn yourself into another gender. Yes, that is an app that everyone's become slightly obsessed with.  And will not be obsessed with in four days' time but,  nonetheless, finger on the pulse.  Everyone's just enchanted with their own image. Well, is that it?  Because this is the greatest non-Game Of Thrones,  Avengers Endgame thing that's happened in the last little while.  Your phone...  Hang on, let me see if we can do this on a feed.  Can you pull that up?  And then I do...  Oh, no! Oh, gosh. What have you turned yourself into, Dara?! Oh, that's that round head filter. Turned yourself into Max Headroom. Oh, that's so beautiful. Not that, not that.  APPLAUSE.  You're so pretty! I don't think I am pretty.  I look like one of The Corrs.  Even with this filter, the hair is still sort of invisible. Yes.  Ooh, God.  Dara, you look like the Megabus man's wife. APPLAUSE.  I'm scared that if I do it, I'll just look the same. You're on the female one so you have to bounce it.  Oh, I look like someone else. Oh, well that's the female version.  Oh! That is what I look like if I don't pluck my face. Kerry looks like the sort of man who cuts his own hair. That's really upsetting. It is, and you know what? That's why I would never do that and that's why I don't encourage any of my daughters to do it because I've... Look, I'm from India, you know, we have great hair, not just here. So honestly, I've spent so much on laser and stuff so I never have to look like my brothers and never have a beard and then you get this thing... And my daughters think it's funny and I'm like, "Wait till you're 15. We'll talk." This is what I'd look like if I got paid 25% more. APPLAUSE.  There you go and, er, yeah...  Has anyone ever wanked over themselves? APPLAUSE.  Rhys, I look like your fit mum. Rhys, I've come to pick you up from school wearing my shortest skirt. APPLAUSE.  Jailbait! Well, aren't you the cutest little GCSE student?  Oh, hello.  There you go. It is me, Ed Gamble. And then if I go across a couple... It is me, Rob Beckett. APPLAUSE.  At the end of that round, the points go to Ed, Kerry and Rhys.  APPLAUSE.  Now we come to Scenes We'd Like To See, so if everyone  can make their way over to the performance area,  I'll read out this week's topics and then we'll see  what our panelists can come up with.  OK, here we go.  The first subject is...  Unlikely Lines From A Sci Fi Film Or Tv Show.  OK, I've done it. The time machine is complete. Now your mission is to go back to 1890 and milkshake baby Hitler. Arnold Schwarzenegger versus R Kelly. This time the Predator is sexual. We are the last survivors of a proud people.  A people destroyed by a pointless war, by stupidity and incompetence.  We are the Conservatives.  There's an alien in your stomach. But it has to stay there because that is God's will and this is Alabama. So I'm the blue Power Ranger, that's the green Power Ranger, that's the yellow Power Ranger and over there is the white pow... the Power Ranger who wears white. Oh, the hyperdrive has blown, Captain. We'll have to get an Uber. Luke, I am your father. But I can't prove it because Jeremy Kyle has gone off air. I'm not sure what they are, sir, they're not humans. I think they are Kardashians. Fire the photon ray. Ray, fire the photon! Yeah, Dave, it is an amazing piece of technology sent from the future to facilitate our species. If you unloaded it now and then you'd also know it was a dishwasher. We're going to have to open up a worm hole and go back in time. I've just sent a dick pic to my dad. Yeah, so the rent on this spaceship is about 4K a month but there's also  a cafe that does a banging avo on toast.  Anyway welcome to the Millenial Falcon.  Captain, the galaxy has shrunk. Oh, no, I've just got it out of a box of Celebrations. Warp Factor 9 in a Warp 7 limit? HE TUTS.  Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, my God, it's a slimy creature. It appears to be humanoid in form. It's coming out of your vagina. No, I'm not a qualified midwife, sorry. What's that? ET, phone home? You'll be doing more than phoning, mate. Brexit means Brexit. Oh, my God, is that the Terminator? Oh, no, it can't be - we live in Alabama. APPLAUSE.  OK, our next topic is...  Commercials That Never Made It To Air.  New! Nothing In A Tin! Does exactly what it says on the tin! It's two-for-one all week in Boots. Because nobody wants one boot. Want to stop perspiration for 24 hours? Then do fuck all for 24 hours. This memory foam mattress is perfect for a good night's sleep and for having sex with your husband's brother. Mum deodorant.  For when your mum pongs a bit.  Do you suffer from erectile dysfunction? Have you tried looking at boobs? Do you want to leave your children a lump sum after you die? Me neither. I got my testicles trapped in a Dyson and now we're both bagless. Is your bed wet first thing in the morning? Have you got bird shit in your hair? You need a roof! And now in a break from usual advertising standards, the next commercial will not be voiced by Hugh Dennis. The odds on whether I've got nodules on my vocal cords is on your screen now. Do you keep falling over and you're not sure how to respond? Try Trip Advisor. STD clinics - because you don't know what you've got till it's gonorrhoea. Why not indulge in our new Game Of Thrones massage? It'll go on forever and you'll definitely not get a happy ending. Remember - when the fun stops, another bet may perk you up a bit. Want a great way to lose weight that's also good for the environment? Die. Lemsip Max. Go to work, infect other people - no-one will know it was you. We here at EE would like to announce our merger with 3 Mobile. Welcome to Threeeee. I'm Nigel Farage. I say we cancel Brexit and show compassion to refugees. Oh, have a Snickers, Nigel - you're not you when you're hungry. Wind chimes, for when your neighbours don't think you're enough of a fucking prick. At the end of that round, the points go to Ed, Kerry and Rhys.  APPLAUSE.  And that's the end of the show.  This week's winners are Sindhu Vee, Hugh Dennis and Tom Allen.  APPLAUSE.  Commiserations to Rhys James, Kerry Godliman and Ed Gamble.  APPLAUSE.  Thank you for watching.  I'm Dara O Briain.  Goodnight.  APPLAUSE.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 