Rake: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rake 
 s1e7 - Three Strikes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rake (2014): Season 1, Episode 7 - Three Strikes - full transcript 
 Keegan takes the case of a man accused of committing his third strike, a man who credits Keegan with inspiring him to become sober and is now a sponsor himself. Meanwhile, Keegan's primary creditor has upped the stakes for repayment; Ben asserts himself in his father's, now his company, and Scarlet considers running for District Attorney. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Whose ass is cute? Keegan Deane. That man preys on vulnerable women. Oh, you remember my boyfriend Bruce. I always knew the other lawyers didn't take me seriously. But now that he's gone, they don't even try to hide it. I can't do it anymore, Keegan. Do what? My marriage. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Can I have this? - Yeah, sure. Actually, no. (Leanne) This pipe belonged to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. (Both) Mm. Harry freaking Potter? I know that you know her cousin. Angus. I don't want to hear things about you from people like Deane. The government requests a garnishment of Mr. Deane's wages, at the highest rate possible. Granted. [Grunting] Victor needs his money, Kee. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How's Carlotta doing? - She's good. - Yeah? You got a name picked out for the baby? Maybe Keegan if it's a boy, Keegan-iqua if it's a girl. [Chuckles] I like those. I like those. I got some money coming in. I know I'm behind a little bit, so-- It's a little too late for that, man. You know, I never wanted things to play out like this. How do you think I feel? [Door opening] Victor. That's a man that knows how to make an entrance there. All you're missing is a smoke machine, baby. That was beautiful. How you doing? Everything good? Would I be here if it was? Hmm? I'm sorry. I know I missed a few payments. - A few? - Yeah. How many other lines of credit you got open around town? Two. (Both) Four. Not anymore. Now it's just one. I worked out a debt consolidation plan with all your other creditors. We rolled everything into one loan, - held by me... - Oh. - 20 points a month. - 20 points. Call it an inconvenience charge. Victor, come on, man. I-I got you out of that jam with that shipping container full of bootleg DVDs, huh? I appreciated that. And now I would appreciate that you give Roy 4 grand a week every week until we're square, starting Friday. Agreed? Yeah, agreed. Aah! I said agreed! - Your word means nothing. - [Grunts] You miss one payment, and you're dead. Okay. [Groaning] Hang around, think about it. [Panting] God! I'm sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. Hold still. Okay, okay. [Screaming] Mikki, it's me. Hey, I need to see you about something, and it's urgent. Assume you're not here for the donuts. Thank you, Paul. Well? What was I dragged all the way down here for? I know about you and my wife. And? Of course. Why did I think you would deny it? Being confronted by angry husbands is almost a hobby of yours. I have some questions I want answered. Oh, okay, well, great. I'm in the business of cross-examination, so you're kind of playing into my sweet spot, Mr. Mayor. But I don't think you'll get very far. I'm deeply concerned about you, with some of the choices you've been making. I keep thinking, maybe it's the city. Maybe you need a fresh start somewhere else, a place where there aren't as many temptations. Give that some thought, would you? I'm worried about you, son. I'm glad we had this conversation, dad. Don't ever contact my wife again. The issue is, she contacted me. Maybe give her some attention, and she won't feel the need. Paul? I don't suppose you want to give me a ride back to my place? By all means. I got it. (Keegan) Oh, come on. Is this even Los Angeles? Get out. [Crows cawing] Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com _ (Scarlet) You can't go to school on an empty stomach, Max. You got to eat something. He could eat his boogers. (Ben) Boogers-- we're all out of those. Hey, how about some cereal? Well, the boogers are probably healthier. Adam, Zoe, go comb your hair, with a comb. Here you go, baby. There ya go. Did you see this? Yeah. No wonder Rich was so happy around the office lately. You thinking what I'm thinking? [Chuckles] Moi? Really? You'd make a hell of a DA. Think about it, babe. This could be just the thing to get you re-energized. Maybe you're right. [Gospel music] _ ♪ Mmm, hey. Hey. Get what you need for old ache-o en cabesa? Oh, yeah, good to go. You're sure you don't want one of these? Maybe at the meeting, yeah. - There's this orchard out in Oak Park. - Yeah? They've got Braeburns, Mutsus, Pippins, Gravensteins... That's great. That's great. Let's go. Spartans, Fijis. They got Granny Smith, Arkansas Blacks. Used to be, the only Arkansas blacks I knew was my cousin's family in Little Rock. Some rotten apples in that tree. Let's just get to the meeting, Reggie. We can talk about apples all you want. You know, a wise man told me even fruit can be your higher power. [Siren wailing] Huh? I wonder what they want. [Grunts] Keep your hands on the ground. Hey, if this is about my muffler-- Remain still, sir. You're both under arrest. (Reggie) - What for? - For that. [Slow country music] ♪ No, that's okay. Thank you. It's a little early for some of us. Ouch. You should see the other guy-- - Ow. - Completely unscathed. Mmm, so apparently I had sex with my cousin Angus? I know that he's your creation. I just felt like his backstory needed a little bit of fleshing out. Yeah, well, you certainly did give it more flesh. Did you have to do it while you were talking to my boyfriend? I could've told him the truth, Mikki. [Scoffs] Oh. I could've told him there is no Angus. That you were a prostitute... - Oh, my God, really? - ...that I was your client. Am I missing anything? Okay, why am I here? What do you want? [Sighs] This IRS thing is killing me, and causing me great bodily harm. So, what, you're asking me for a loan? No, I would never do that. I just am hoping you could talk to Harry Potter-- - David! David. - David, David-- I know. I'm sorry. Just about the garnishment. - I don't need a waiver. - No, no, no. I need a delay. He could file a 1220. It would help me in the regional office. Keegan, do you realize all of the questions - that that would bring up? - It would be nothing for him. Six months, that's all I need to get my head above water here. This is important, Mikki. I know how you feel about David. For you to even consider asking a favor from him-- well... How bad is it? It's bad. Is that Bloody Mary, or is that bloody you? [Snickers] I can't tell. [Chuckles] Mikki, please. I'll talk to him. Thank you. You're telling me this is the only space available in the entire building? It's the only space available to us. I told you what would happen if we didn't replace the Arthur Conan Doyle pipe. I can't replace something that's irreplaceable, Leanne. Listen, I want you to talk to the building manager. - That guy likes you. - Raghu? He's the one who put us down here. Well, what did you do to him? - Nothing. - Exactly. That's the problem right there. I beg your pardon. He's sexually attracted to you. All right, Leanne, you need to make a little bit of an effort here. Look what you're wearing, okay? Relax a little bit. If there was ever a crisis that called for a little bit of a tight skirt, this is it. You want me to prostitute myself? Yeah, yeah. Listen, we all do what or who we have to do. It's called teamwork. Reggie Jarvis, your 10:30. Says he's an old acquaintance. Jarvis? Doesn't ring a bell. Hey, it's a three strikes case, huh? - Does he have cash? - Yes, and it's 10:15. What happened to your hand? Don't worry about it. Worry about working this guy over. We got to get out of here. Show him your goodies. You show him your goodies. This has been going on for quite some time now. This firm will not tolerate this sort of behavior. So tell your clerical staff and paralegals and anyone else you can think of. Because whoever's taking the law review off my desk needs to stop, okay? Thank you. Okay, moving on to the PAC cell case. [Inaudible whispering] We've got another round of depositions starting today. Sorry, what was that? What was what? Go on. PAC cell depositions? (Ebell) Hey, Ben. I want to introduce our new associate Ernst Hearn. Great to be here. Hello, everyone. Oh, when did this happen? I didn't even know we were interviewing. (Ebell) We made the offer last week. - Ben, he's a real blue chip. - Hi. How are you? Order of the Coif at BOLT, Rhodes Scholar, clerk for Chief Justice Roberts, member of the Olympic badminton team. Is that even a thing? On top of that, he's got connections. He's gonna bring new business in the door. Trust me, he's the future of the firm. (Ben) Sir, nice to meet you. How you doing? I'm Carl. You're fired. Sorry? I said you're fired. Hey, Ben, what the hell? (Ebell) This kid's a catch. I don't care if he craps diamonds. I own this firm. I'm the future. I do the hiring and the firing. Get out. What are you all looking at? My father is still dead. And you take my law review one more time, ass face, you're out the door next. Got it? So you're charged with being the getaway driver in an armed robbery, huh? You parked all the way over here? Witnesses said you had the window down, and you were eating an apple. You had the ignition turned off. The door's over here. Were you trying to get caught? You don't remember me, do you? Huh? Today is the tomorrow that you worried about yesterday, so live in the now. I-- Listen, I saw your first conviction was for dealing back in the late '90s, and that was a little hazy time for me, so if you and I did some commerce-- I wasn't your coke dealer. Cheviot Hills rec center, March 2005. Oh, yes, okay, okay. Listen, I was just down there for a couple of days. Hey, man, the things that you said in that meeting? Moving stuff, man. I-- Man, I thought you were talking right to me. - Really? - Definitely. You're the one that said, "All I get from sitting on a pity pot was a big ring around my butt." Right. Just get off the pot, right? I mean, it's kind of a universal saying. Hey, and I wasn't the only one that you helped either. My buddy, Earl A-- man, he dragged his wife and his five kids down to rock bottom. And just when he thought he was about to lose it all, you know what he started to think? He started asking himself, "What would Keegan D do?" Hey, man, how's your sobriety? - Me? - Yeah. - Good, it's tough though. - Oh, yeah. You know, you got the-- you know. - Yeah. - You get the highs and the lows. It's up a step, down a step, right? Curve it around, bring it over the backside. How do you know this kid in the car-- Mr. Lucas? I'm Luke's sponsor. We were on our way to a meeting. You know, I thought he went in there to get something for his headache. Would his testimony support that account? Definitely. Reggie, people don't like to take the blame for this sort of thing. He's on his ninth step, making amends. All right, well, given your lousy parking choices and his amends, I think I can convince a jury you were at the wrong place at the wrong time. I'd appreciate that. You know, the last lawyer wanted me to take the deal. Yeah, what, 30 months, and plead down to a lesser charge? Yeah, that's why I fired him. I tell you something, Reggie, the day we put somebody in prison forever for boosting a pack of gum, is the day that we gave up on the idea of civilization. We send some kid to rot in jail while we find new ways to stuff the complexities of life and the law into little boxes? And what's the bizarre fascination with threes? Yes, what's up with all this stuff in threes? - Strikes. - Wishes. Stooges, ridiculous. Hey, hey. There's no way I'm taking that deal. - Hell, no, you're not. - Let's go to trial. - Okay. - All right, brother. Where you going? 17 bus, what about you? - Yeah, yeah, me too. - Going downtown? Actually going up, but I took the 47. You know, if you want to get there express, you want to take the 23. - No, you don't. - No? No, you want to take the 21. [Romantic music plays] This is nice, having lunch with you, doing whatever comes after with you. _ Mm-hmm. What is it? It's like a part of you is somewhere else, and I want all of you here, so that I can take all of you somewhere else, as in the bedroom. Oh, uh, I'm so not smooth. No, I start talking, it's like quicksand. No, no, I'm sorry. I don't mean to be distracted, David. It's just got a text from my study group. Constitutional law is kicking my butt. Oh, yeah, I remember when I was in constitutional law-- Okay, no. You know what? No, that's a total lie. School is great. I'm killing it. This text, what's really on my mind, is my cousin Angus. Oh? There's some other things that you should know about him, and our mutual-- You know, I don't have to know everything about your life right now, especially if you-- [Deep breath] David. Told myself I wasn't going to sweat. Um, especially if you move in with me. Move in with you? Really? Nah, I'm kidding. - No? - Of course, really. What do you think? Yes! [Record scratches] ♪ Mm. Mm. Mm. [Phone chimes] [Panting] _ We're still here? So it would appear. Stand up. Turn around. No, no, no, Leanne, that's not gonna do it. I need you to work this guy, all right? You know, this isn't Hollywood or Bollywood. You wouldn't wear that on a damp night in Portland. I've decided it's not so bad down here. It's quiet, once the ventilation turns off. No windows means no distraction. It's actually rather zen. Are you high? Quite possibly. I'm surrounded by cleaning fluids. - Listen-- - No, you listen. It's going to take a lot more than cleaning fluids to get me to offer myself up to Raghu. Okay. I respect your decision. - Are you Raghu? - Yeah. - I'm Keegan Deane. - Oh, Mr. Deane. I almost lost my job, thanks to you and that missing pipe. You should lose your job. I'm in the basement breathing in cleaning solvents and pissing in a bucket. You don't deserve a room or a bucket. My practice is going through a transitional phase right now. - Oh, a transitional phase? - That's right. How many months has it been, huh? Scurrying from office to office, like a vermin. You've got a nasty attitude, pal. My assistant Leanne says you're this charming man with smiling eyes. I don't even know what that means. Smiling... eyes? Miss Leanne said smiling eyes? Yeah, smiling eyes, pillowy lips. She hasn't stopped talking about you since we moved in the building. Mr. Deane? What? Might this suggest the possibility that Miss Leanne is open to deepening our acquaintanceship? [Exhales] Well, enter at your own risk, pal. I mean, she's nothing but trouble. First of all, she's English, so she's, you know, very uptight, if you know what I mean. - She's a virgin? - Yeah. Virgin-adjacent. I got to go. Oh, uh, Mr. Deane, please tell me more. I don't know what to tell you. She's complicated, sends a lot of mixed signals. You know, sometimes no means yes, - sometimes no means maybe. - I see. To possess a woman of that beauty, it's worth the confusion. Yeah, but is it worth getting me a better office? Because I'd like to help you, Raghu, but you have me in a very difficult situation downstairs. I'll fix it right now. Thank you, Mr. Deane. And-- and, Mr. Deane, may Vishnu bless you and smile upon you. Yeah. [Muttering] ♪ time to smile ♪ ♪ time to smile ♪ [Thud] (Keegan) - Hey. - [Chuckles] Is this an office or a bunker? Are you kidding me? This is great. Look at this. It's, uh-- it's warm down here. It's-- - it's temporary. - Mm-hmm. I came by to tell you I took your advice, and fired someone. - Yeah? - It felt fantastic. It's like I can't wait to fire somebody else. I knew you had it in you, baby. - That's great. - Yeah. So I got a job opening, so... You asking me to come work with you? Hm? What? No. That's what it sounded like, when you just-- Okay, I'm asking you. That is a terrible idea. I know, but what better way to show I'm really in charge than by hiring someone as terrible as you? I'd love to be a pawn in your game of thrones, Ben, but I think I got to pass. Oh, come on. Corporate law doesn't get me wet. There's no passion in it. I can feel my soul being crushed just talking about it. How much is your soul really worth? I got you a good salary. It'll help pay down your debts. Hmm? Buy some wheels. Get an apartment with an ocean view. I like the view from where I'm at. Yeah, no, this is pretty sweet. Hey, I get to work with real people, you know? Guys like-- guys like Reggie there, not faceless corporations. Reggie Jarvis, accessory to armed robbery. Where'd he come from? I knew him in AA. When the hell were you in AA? There's a lot you don't know about me. It's what keeps the mystery alive. [Electricity surges] No, no, no. Leanne's boyfriend's will fix it. This wine is amazing, Gloria. Ahh, a group of Chilean trade officials brought a case over for Marcus. Ooh, did they bring some of those sexy soccer players, or is that more of a Brazil thing? Child, you drink enough of this, and even a Chilean trade official will start to look pretty sexy. [Both laugh] Mm. I am so glad you called. - We have to do this more often. - I know. But we're both so busy. And I'm about to get busier. Are you pregnant again? Because if you are, I will kill you - and your skinny ass. - No, no, no. Don't laugh. I'm thinking about running for DA. Maybe, potentially, possibly. - It's crazy, right? - Are you kidding? No, you would make a great DA. I think so too. And I am sure that Marcus will give you a glowing endorsement. - You are? - Mm-hmm. Because that would be huge. I know he would do anything he can for you, unless he's busy doing anything he can for his mistress. But you and Marcus, you seem so happy. Are you sure? Well, he hasn't owned up to anything, but I'm as sure as the hickey I saw on his neck. You don't get those from kissing babies. Gloria, I'm so sorry. What are you gonna do? Oh, I already did something. But it was stupid, and I don't plan on doing it again. Would you like the rest of my salmon? - No, thanks. - Oh, okay. I'll just leave it for Marcus then. [Opens drawer] [Slams shut] [Chuckles] He loves salmon. What incredibly douchey place is Bruce taking you to? Well, he is taking me to a couples wellness retreat. Oh, I see. Just a matter of time till you can't stand the sight of this guy, Maddy. You have no idea how wrong you are. I love looking at him, deep into his eyes, very deep. Oh, yeah, well, it's all very sexy until you get one too many of his chest hairs caught in your teeth. Boy, you have really thought about this a lot. I'm sorry you feel so threatened by how much of a thing I have for Bruce. I'll tell you what. Let's do a little over, under on your break-up date. How about that? Don't be ridiculous. I give it a week. Okay, I'll take the over, and the on top, and the from behind. Bye, Kee. Hmm. Hey, excuse me. I'm Reggie Jarvis's attorney, Keegan Deane. - Oh, yeah, hey. - Yeah. Do you mind if I talk to you over here for just a second? Sure. - Yeah, it's Luke, right? - Yeah. I think I got everything. I just want to review your testimony before you go up there on the stand. Okay. So, Luke, whose idea was the robbery? That was all me, man. Reggie didn't know a thing. You know, he thought he was taking me to a meeting. Right, right. He's your sponsor. Yeah, yeah, I mean, he's like a big brother and a priest all rolled into one, you know? And just to be clear, you've never been abused by either of those, right? Nah. Okay, we're good. Wait, wait, wait, are you the Keegan he talks about from the program? I'm-- There's probably a lot of Keegans in the program. No, no, no, the one that got up and started singing Amazing Grace in the middle of their share? Well, I felt it, so I went with it. - Oh, man. - Yeah, so, listen. You're gonna go in there, and you're gonna - tell the truth, right? - That's right. It was Reggie's idea to rob the pharmacy, and he offered to drive the getaway vehicle. - Objection, Your Honor. - Yes? Obviously, we weren't prepared for this-- Overruled. Sit down, Mr. Deane. No further questions. This might be a good time for you to call on that higher power of yours, Reggie. Like you used to say, "Sometimes the most difficult decision in life is to know which bridge to cross and which one to burn." [Scoffs] Mr. Deane, today, please. Your Honor, just a quick recess, please? Ten minutes. [Indistinct chatter] Cross it, burn it, I-I don't know what you're talking about. What do you want me to do? Take the deal. I'll be all right. Lou, we'll take the 30 months. Oh, no, that deal's off the table. We're going for life. Life? This guy thought they were stopping off for some Aspirin. No deals for Keegan Deane. That's straight from the Mayor. Strike three. Good luck. Gracias. You know, I could've met you at your office. I felt like a taco. You sure you don't want one? - They're great. - Oh, I'm sure. Thanks. You know they don't allow fruit in jail? Too easy to make pruno. Yeah, how is booze made in a toilet? Well, it gets the job done, but I tell you this. I'm never gonna drink it again, not even if they send me there for the rest of my life. You're not gonna have to. All you gotta do is help me destroy Luke's credibility. I need secrets, his demons, any skeletons in the closet, everything you can give me. I'd appreciate some phone numbers too. Hey, I can't give you any of that. What are you talking about? Because the cornerstone of the program is anonymity. Oh, come on, Reggie. Are you afraid of success? This guy's gonna put you away. Weren't you the one who said, "What happens in AA stays in AA?" Stop telling me what I said. Hey, look, my recovery is the most important thing in the world to me, and I'm not gonna jeopardize that. Enough of this boy scout crap, Reggie. You've got to break some rules. Use your brain. You've given me nothing to use in court, pal. You'll think of something. Remember, sorrow looks back, worry looks ahead, but faith? Faith looks up. I look up, I see a power line with a pair of sneakers hanging over the top. Thank you. [Whistling] Oh, you whistle so beautifully, Miss Leanne. Please tell me you're here to get a mop. I was talking to your employer, Mr. Deane, and he said that you would very much welcome a social call. Ah, he did, did he? Yes, and I'm also hearing that you thought my eyes were smiling. Excuse me? I would very much like to lay with you to ease your loneliness. That means we have intimacy. We will have no such thing. So by no, you mean yes or maybe? Ohh, Raghu! Unless you want this mop buried far up your back side, I suggest you leave this office immediately. - Yeah, but Mr. Deane said-- - He lied! He'll say anything to get a better office. Get out! Out! Tell Mr. Deane that he's not getting another office. And I would suggest that you to treat men in a very different way, or you're going to be virgin adjacent forever. "Virgin adjacent"? [New Age music] ♪ This is great, isn't it? The best. ♪ Hey, Mikki, why aren't you calling me back, huh? A text, anything, please? I really need some help from Potter, okay? I'm just asking for a little time, okay? It would be easy for him to do this. Call me. If you worked for me, you could afford to drink someplace much nicer than this. You're awfully chipper. Did you fire somebody else? Not yet, but I can't wait to do it again. Guess what. I talked to Scarlet. She's decided to run for DA. - Really? - Mm-hmm. I wish she'd run for mayor. Barzmann's found a new way of torturing me... no more plea deals for my clients. I thought your guy's innocent. My guy is so innocent that he won't violate the anonymity of an AA meeting, even if it means saving his own ass. Anonymous is half the title. Don't you start. And the irony is, if this guy'd stayed a drunk, he'd be fine. He had to listen to me, turn his life around. He turned his life around by listening to you? I mean, I guess it's not such a bad idea, right? You know, getting people to not drink themselves to death. But then they go and mess it up by throwing in all that quasi-religion. You know, the buzz words and the bad coffee and the 12 steps. Hey, there's that fixation with threes again. 3 times 4 is 12. Did you ever think about that? Not since the fifth grade. You better take it easy on the bourbon, pal. If the judge smells it on you, it could be a malpractice case. You know what? - You're right about that. - Meaning? The only way I'm gonna help Reggie is by doing what I do best. Screw myself. The three strikes law, what a fair and just legal concept that is, right? No more revolving doors for these habitual murderers, and rapists, child molesters. First strike, we're gonna try and rehabilitate you. Second strike, we're gonna scare you straight, and the third strike, you're out. That's it, for life. And let's be honest. We're not here because of some violent, dangerous career criminal that we're gonna all keep off the streets of Los Angeles. Reggie Jarvis made some mistakes, but he turned his life around. In this case, he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. He's sitting in a parking lot with the windows rolled down, music on, munching an apple, waiting to take a friend to an AA meeting. You're all here for one reason, because this man wouldn't accept a plea deal for a third strike for something that he didn't do. Objection! The jury will disregard any mention of plea negotiations. That's not relevant here. It's not relevant? (Keegan) What's not relevant about that? This is a farce. This is a game show, is what this is. Let's make a deal. Remember that? Let's make a deal. Let's make a deal. Remember "Out Of Order"? Who's out of order? Oh, is he doing Pacino? You're doing Pacino. You remember that movie? You better reign it in, Mr. Deane. I'm only giving you one strike, not three. I'm surprised it's not five strikes. How many times did it take you to pass the bar? - Enough! - How many times, lady, did it take you to pass the bar? - Enough, Mr. Deane! - Don't you be shy. Tell the people! That's it, you're in contempt! She's an inspiration to us all. If at first you don't succeed, then try, try, try again... (Ritsema) Do you want to be escorted out of here? And again, and again, and again. That's it! That's it! I'm declaring a mistrial, and you're in contempt. - Bailiff? - Bailiff. I'm aware of your run-ins with the Ethics Committee of the State Bar. Obviously, their slaps on the wrist wasn't enough, so I've got something else for your wrists. (Ritsema) - Cuff him. - He already has. (Ritsema) Good-bye, Mr. Deane. There's the Keegan I know! (Ritsema) Sit down, Mr. Jarvis. Sorry. Surrender fully to this moment of being in labor. - Aah! - Just let it go. - [Yelling] - Let it all go. Good. Good. And Maddy, go towards the warmth. Oh, the world's ready for Maddy. Oh, oh. Oh, and your head's out. You're being born. You're born. - Here's your baby. - Oh, she's beautiful. - Hold your baby. - Oh, she is-- she's so-- Oh, now your baby's hungry. Oh, you need to nurse your baby. - Here. Yeah. - She needs that milk. - She needs that milk. - It's okay, you can do it. You can do it, Maddy. You can do it. - Go ahead, that's it. - Oh, it's gonna taste so good. - Go ahead. - Yes. - Go on, that's it. - [Gagging] I'm-- I'm sorry, Bruce, I can't take any more of your nipple. Oh, it's okay. Okay, we can-- We could do a hot stone massage then, right? Yes, yes. I'll prepare the stones. We have basalt and marble. Basalt and marble. I think we should break up. What? I was feeling so close to you. Are my past lives scaring you? Because I can push them back down. No, it's not you or your past lives, Bruce. It's-- it's me. No, no, no, sweetie. No, not you. You're an emanation of the goddess, is what you are. Actually, that's not true. It's-- it's you. You're super douchey, and your breath smells like lawn clippings, and you have scratchy things on the back of your feet. You don't laugh at my jokes. And I can't be with you for another minute. What? I can stop drinking wheatgrass! Deane? [Sighs] You don't have any interest in joining me for a drink, do you? Let's go. [All laughing and cheering] Come on, ladies. [All cheering] Go, baby, go! Whoo! That's pretty good. She's a natural. - You got it, Lindsay! - Oh, my God, no fair. Go! Go! Go! [Laughter] Come on, come on. It's all right. You know the only thing worse than the three strikes law? Don't say marriage. Life sentence for your first offense. Yes! Who wants a multiple orgasm? Whoo! I think it's fate. Yeah? You just out of jail. Both: And her on her way! [Laughs] Mm. You are a winner. I'm thirsty. - Thirsty. - So thirsty. So thirsty. All right, I'll get you a drink. (Keegan) Here you go. Got a little wine. I thought you said you were a lawyer. I am. Uh, this looks like it belongs to an unemployed person, or-- or a teacher. Uh, well, it's-- it's a temporary situation. Come on, let me show you the north wing here in the bedroom area. Check out this. This-- [Clears throat] Maid service didn't come. Unreliable. Working on a legal case right now, three strikes. I-I should check on Lindsay. - No, no, no. - She's my maid of honor. - I'm-- I'm her maid of honor. - No, wait a second. I had a great time. Um, yeah. Um, I'll call you. Hey, no, no, no. You don't have my number. I sure hope Lindsay isn't this superficial. Yes, she is. [Laughs] Son of a-- [Rock music] [Phone chimes] Hey, Keeg. Brought you some pink ladies. Hey. Hey, thank you for what you did in court. All right? I'm sorry it sent you to jail. It's fine. I did a little networking while I was in there. All right, when's my re-trial? The judge-- she's gonna set a new date, right? Yeah, and when you go back, you're going to have a big advantage. Prosecution's played their hand. Now, all we have to do is find somebody outside the program who's going to take Luke down. Great. When do we start? - We? - Yes. No. No, no, no, Reggie. There is no "We," not with the Mayor riding my ass. No, we got to find you another attorney. I don't want a new one, not with our history. Hey, hey, what's this? Remember what you told the group? The spirit within you is stronger than the spirit you pour in you. This spirit's pretty strong. You know what, Keegan? You just need a meeting, man. - I got a meeting app, hold on. - Put that thing away. No, no, no, no, no, it's simple. No, Reggie, you want to know the truth? I'm not a meeting guy. The reason I was there was to get laid. You were there for a woman? Yeah, a pilot. But when you were in front of the group, you were looking right at me, man. No, I was looking right behind you-- Miss Friendly Skies. No, no, everything you said, the words, they seemed like they were coming from your heart. Lower. Sorry. [Chuckles] All right, you know what? Here's your fee, Kee, and you got my number if you ever want to talk. And what you did just now, admitting the exact nature of your wrongs? You're working the steps. You don't even know it. [Scoffs] Steps. "Virgin adjacent"? (Keegan) I meant it as a compliment. Well, it got us evicted. Hey, Leanne, come on. I can't work out on the street. Really? The street seems like a perfect place for a pimp like you. [Rock music] ♪ don't want to see you struggling ♪ ♪ you know I wanna help you out ♪ ♪ the trouble that you know you're in ♪ ♪ the leash between your love and doubt ♪ ♪ you keep closin' doors ♪ [Clears throat] ♪ so I can't help you no more ♪ ♪ your thoughts so confined ♪ Come on, man. - Really? - Yes. Thanks. Next week? ♪ do you feel love anymore? ♪ ♪ if I break your heart ♪ ♪ can you feel love anymore? ♪ ♪ do you feel love anymore? ♪ ♪ freedom is a state of mind ♪ [Phone ringing] ♪ don't want to see you struggling ♪ ♪ don't want to see you hit the ground ♪ ♪ you might think it's clever ♪ ♪ when you vie from inside the crowd ♪ ♪ I keep coming by ♪ Come on, come on, come on, pick it up. Hey, glad I got you. Listen, about that offer, am I still the worst possible guy for the job? Oh, yeah, and the second worst guy isn't even close. Not that I'm gonna take it, Benny, but if I did, just hypothetically, when-- when could I start? Oh, well, let's see. How's Monday? I mean, hypothetically. Monday? Uh... [Sighs] Monday could work. ♪ freedom is a state of mind ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 