Rake: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rake 
 s1e1 - Serial Killer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rake (2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Serial Killer - full transcript 
 Plagued by gambling debts, tax troubles, and a psychotic ex-girlfriend, criminal defense lawyer Keegan Deane (Greg Kinnear) represents a notorious serial killer who's recanted his confession, threatening to bring down the storied LAPD detective who put him behind bars ten years earlier. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Announcer on TV) - ...and touchdown! - [All cheering] That's a winner. That's a winner, baby. - How bad did I need that? - You needed that very bad. It's you, pal. You bring me luck. Round of drinks, Jimmy. - [All cheering and bell ringing] - Drinks on this gentleman right now! [Cheers and applause] Hey, I, uh-- I'm gonna use the john. Yeah, yeah, yeah, good idea. How's Carlotta doing? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Pregnancy, man-- you have no idea what that does to a woman. Still not sleeping, huh? No, no, but she did tell me to thank you for the herbs. She said it's really helping her with the morning sickness. Oh, just say the word, man. I can get you an endless supply of that stuff. Honestly, anytime. You let me know, Roy. - Oh, boy. - Oh! [Groans] You okay? Yeah. Victor needs his money, Kee. [Grunts] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay, but the-- the game, I just won. Man, you're $59,000 in the hole, my brother. Tomorrow morning I got a client coming. He's paying me $15,000 cash. Every penny goes to you. $15,000? Tomorrow. Mm-hmm. Are you hearing me? Not great out of this ear, but, yeah. Pay your debts. Come on, Kee, where's your dignity? [Motley Crue's Kickstart My Heart playing] ♪ skydive naked from an aeroplane ♪ ♪ or a lady with a body from outer space ♪ ♪ my heart, my heart kickstart my heart ♪ ♪ ♪ say I got trouble, trouble in my eyes ♪ ♪ I'm just looking for another good time ♪ ♪ my heart, my heart kickstart my heart ♪ [Laughs] ♪ ♪ yeah, are you ready, girls? ♪ yeah, are you ready now, now, now? ♪ ♪ whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ kickstart my heart, give it a start ♪ ♪ whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ baby ♪ ♪ whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ kickstart my heart, hope it never stops ♪ ♪ whoa, yeah ♪ ♪ baby ♪ [Birds chirping] I'm outta here. Pshh. [Laughs] I'm gonna call it a night... or a day. If this is any indication, it's gonna be a good one. $5,300, Jerry-- I'll take a check, but cash is preferred. I don't have it. What do you mean you don't have it? I'm broke. You know, you sit at this table, and the general assumption is you have the cash to get involved. That's how adult poker works. This is what I get for playing with another lawyer. What the hell, Jerry? What the hell? I can make it up to you. I have a client, total walk in the park, take two minutes of your day. Does it pay $5,300? In cash, no. In publicity and exposure, huge. You know, you're a real deadbeat, Jerry, a real deadbeat. W-where is your dignity? All any of us have at the end of the day is our dignity. (Ben) Kee. Ow. I'm under something. (Ben) Kee, get up. Zoe, go get Uncle Kee's robe. You two put your dishes in the sink and get ready for school. And, hey, hey, hey, don't tell mom about this. (Ben) This is not cool. I don't need my kids seeing you this way. What way? - Drunk. - And hungover. That's enough, guys. Get going. Ooh. This is our home. You can't come stumbling in at dawn. This is my 25-year-old scotch. You got to find someplace else to crash, Kee. This is not working. No, you don't mean that. Hey. Thank you, sweetie, thank you. Come on, this is you, me, Scarlet. This is like old times again, you know? Back in college, under one roof. You were supposed to be here one week, maybe two. It's been four months, Kee. If Scarlet finds out you were passed out in front of the kids, we'll both be dead. Or worse-- it'll be a conversation. God, I hate when she says that. - All right. - You got to get out. No, I'm not gonna let you kick me out, Ben. - Really? - Because that's gonna make you feel bad about you, and I'm not gonna do that to my best friend. I won't feel bad. What time is it? I've got to run. Oh, my God! Who's this? Uh, Costan-- Constania? - Chastity. (Ben) - You can't be here. - If my wife sees you-- - All right, you got to get out. Come on, let's go. - We got to go out back. - You got to go, come on. You'll have to climb a fence, but it's not that high. I'll call you. Oh, you don't have my number. Doesn't matter. He's not gonna call. What? Oh-- (Woman on TV) Tarrant was dubbed "The Westside Ripper" ten years ago, confessing to eight brutal murders. Jack Tarrant-- he's currently serving a sentence of life plus a 1,000 years and will be back in court today to face a ninth homicide charge after-- Hey. Lovely guy, huh? I'm entering his plea today. These your pants? I found them on the piano. Yes, they are. I actually had them over there for the piano polish-- of the-- all this. Yeah, that's what I assume. And why is there a woman climbing my fence in my side yard? I love the neighborhood. I told you-- you guys are a little close to the 10 Freeway. Kee, did you bring a woman into my home last night with the intent of-- (Adam) Mom! Where are my sneakers? In the closet behind the skates! With the intent of having sex with her in my son's bed? We're both lawyers, Scarlet. If you're gonna make an accusation like that, you're gonna need some pretty compelling evidence. She left her earrings. That's pretty compelling. [Door closes] Hi. Hey. What were you doing outside? The cover came off the barbecue. This is gonna be a conversation. [Whispering] What the hell was that? I did-- I did that. I shook my head. And that meant you didn't say anything. [Cell phone ringing] Yes. No, it means the reverse. The reverse of what? - I was trying to cover you. - Hold on. Hello. - No, no, no, hold-- - No, no, no, no, no! Let-- - Hold on a second. - Ben, let me have the phone. - Listen to me. I'm serious. - Okay. We're married. We have children. We're boring. Don't bring your wild and crazy lifestyle into this house ever again. You understand? I understand... that we will have a conversation about this. No, of course I want him to get his license. Maddy, I'll do it. I promise. This weekend. I'll wake up bright and early, I'll hop in my car. My car. Where-- where is my-- where is my car? Where's my car? _ It's not that complicated, Kee. It is. The permit-parking signs in this neighborhood are-- It's insane. Just hang the permit up. Easier to follow in Chinese. Stephen Hawking couldn't figure out those signs. - Kee. - I know. He'd have handicapped plates, so it wouldn't be an issue. All right, all right, you can take the SUV, but you got to take the kids to school. Ugh, and the Lopez girls two doors down, - you got to take them too. - Great. Put that in there, okay, baby? Please promise me... you will drive very, very safely. Like you need to even say that. Come on, you guys, we're late. (Ben) Let's go. (Lopez girls) ♪ foreign types with their hookah pipes say ♪ [Walk Like An Egyptian playing on radio] ♪ way-o, way-o, way-o, way-o ♪ Pen. ♪ Come on. ♪ walk like an Egyptian ♪ There you go. The fabulous Lopez girls! You guys married? No, are you? I'm not getting mixed up with a couple of heartbreakers like you, I'll tell you that right now. My gosh. [Police siren chirping] You know you got a taillight out? It's not my car. Well, that wasn't my question, sir. I-I didn't know about the taillight because... [Chuckles] it's not my car, but I'll pass that information on to the owner, thank you. License and registration, please. I don't know where she keeps her registration. I keep mine in the glove box of my car. I don't have my car. I think you guys towed mine today-- not you personally, but your department did. Oh, my God, just please shut up. Little bit of a mistake, a boo-boo. So I got to beat the bell here. Let me go ahead and give you... - That. - Thank you. Were you aware you're driving with an expired license, sir? I-I had a birthday. Two years ago. Yeah, that one. These your children? Yes-- (All) No! No, they're not. No, they're not. They're not, they're not-- not my kids. Sir, you can no longer operate this vehicle. I suggest you contact the parents of these children immediately. If they can't come claim them, they'll be taken and held at Child Services. I'm gonna need you to pass me the keys. - Thank you. - All right. Stay inside the vehicle, please. - [Girls sobbing] - Okay, okay, okay. Zoe, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. [Girls sobbing] I'm going to jail. We're not-- we're not-- Nobody's going to jail. Zo-- [Girls sobbing] Hi, it's Scarlet. Leave a message. [Beep] Scarlet, it's Keegan. Give me a call. Got a hiccup. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com Please tell me Brickman showed up. - He did. - Okay, he paid? Yes. All $15,000? Slightly complicated. What is that? The complication. Why is that a fish? Mr. Brickman has paid you in tuna, Kee. Oh, that jackass. Get him on the phone. He owes me $15,000. - I want to talk to him right now! - Calm down. He's arranged for a sushi place in Arcadia to purchase your fish for $20,000. No, he hasn't. Get him on the phone. He-- I just talked to them at the restaurant. They've heard about this fish, and they're very excited. They said they might be willing to pay as much as $25,000 for it. Totally on the level. Fish is a big deal. It's a Pacific bluefin. It was caught off Fiji and was headed to the world-famous Tsukiji Fish Market before it was appropriated. Should I still get Mr. Brickman on the phone? No, no, no, hold on, hold on. 25 grand? All you have to do is deliver it to them. I can't. I don't have a car. It got towed. Even if I did, I-I don't have a license. Well, I can't take it. My car's in the shop. And I can't set it free until you pay me the $1,300 in back salary you owe me. But don't you see, Leanne, I can pay you the $1,300 if you help me get this fish out to Arcadia. I'll borrow a car. [Cell phone ringing] Okay, great. Roy. Hey. No, we're good, we're good. No, I got the 15 grand. Yeah. No, I'm looking at the money right now. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Okay, load that thing up. We'll go out this afternoon. You're the best. - You talking to me or the fish? - Yep. Fish probably. _ [Groans] You okay? [Grunts] This'll be easy. It's just a quick guilty plea. In and out, okay? Gonna be a bit of a press circus up there, though. In fact, I'll give a statement, then cut me off after three questions. Okay, Kirb? [Elevator bell dings] - Sure. - All right, here we go. [Reporters shouting] I-I'll give a quick statement. I'll do a couple of questions. (Cal) I'm innocent of all these absurd charges. Who the hell is that? Cal Gelber, the Ponzi-scheme guy. His trial starts today? Honest wealth producers such as myself... - Can we just go? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's no one here. Didn't we make the news? Huh? Not enough. It's a real sad commentary on society when a second-rate Bernie Madoff trumps a serial killer, right? Uh, ladies and gentlemen, there will be a slight delay to the proceedings. The Prosecutor is running late. Didn't they do a TV movie a while back on your situation? Who played you in that? Mark Harmon. Yeah. [Chuckles] Yeah, he was good. Good? He won a Golden Globe. - Oh. - Yeah. They don't just give those away. Hey, I, uh-- I wrote him a letter because I have this brilliant idea of a sequel. - Mm. - So, uh, Kirby, do you mind giving him the letter? All right. Can you make sure that Mark gets this? - Sure, yeah. - Thank you. I'm so very sorry, Your Honor. I had to make an emergency visit to Child Services. Maybe if the Prosecutor would answer her phone, Your Honor. I'm just saying. I did call. Mr. Deane, how does your client plead? Your Honor, on behalf of my client, Jack Jorgensen Tarrant, he's instructed me on his behalf to enter a plea of guilty. Not guilty. Uh... sorry. Guilty. [Chuckles] - You're guilty. No, guilty. - Not guilty. You're entering a guilty plea. You've already confessed. I'll do the talking. Guilty, Your Honor. Not guilty. Your Honor, may I speak to you in chambers, please? This was supposed to be easy! In, guilty plea, out-- that was it. Belinda, I can't take this case. There's no way. Well, you filed a notice of appearance, Keegan. I was helping out Jerry! I mean, this guy is insane! He-- he confessed 72 hours ago. Now he's recanting? He's nuts. This is your case. You should have thought it through before you filed the notice, just like you should have thought through other recent choices. Hey, I'm not the one with the busted taillight, lady. (Scarlet) - Are you kidding me? - Kee. Yeah, and I called you about six times. (Belinda) - Kee! - You got pulled over - with my children, yes. - Kee! [Scoffs] I see no reason why you should be excused from this case. After all, the trial should only last two or three months, four at the most. That's not funny, okay? This guy is in jail. He can't pay. I'm gonna work four months gratis? You think that's an argument? No, I don't. You're right, I'm sorry, and the truth is, I can't because I have... five other cases pending right now. Name one. Excuse me? Name one. That's what I thought. The case is yours. And I should point out that if your client is unrepentant, pleads not guilty, and forces the city to waste money on a trial, we will have no choice but to seek the death penalty. Well, you can forget about that, Red, 'cause he's guilty as hell, and that's how he's gonna plead, okay? Give me five minutes with him. I'll get it done. Son of a bitch is guilty. All my clients are guilty. Look, I'm really busy. I got a very powerful man I have to meet with later today. I've got some pressing financial matters. I got a fish I have to get out to Arcadia. And you're guilty. You're guilty, Jack, and let me be clear about this. If you plead not guilty, the State is gonna seek the death penalty, okay? They can't kill me. I got a deal. You have a deal for eight murders, not nine! And that mayor across the street there, he's trying to look tough on crime right now. It only helps him to see you fry. [Scoffs] The mayor wouldn't be where he is today without me. He made a career out of my trial. No. I'm not gonna die for something I didn't do. I didn't kill those people. Okay. This is Jerry's case. I'm gonna talk to Jerry. Jerry's gonna need all this. Listen, I never murdered anyone. You confessed to nine murders! They made me confess. They told me, "If you don't confess, you're gonna get the death penalty." So I made a deal. I didn't want to die. I had no choice. This is your latest confession, okay? This is from three days ago. You telling me somebody made you write that too? Yep. Bernie Michaels. He wrote it. All I did was copy whatever he wrote. I did the same thing for all nine. Bernie Michaels, the Chief of Robbery and Homicide - at the LAPD? - Yes. It's not some regular cop you're talking about here, Jack. Well, he was a regular cop when I confessed to those first eight murders. Then after he put me away, he wasn't so regular anymore, was he? - Hey. - Hey, honey. Sorry I'm late. Got held up by a serial killer. Mm. I'm not kidding. Jack Tarrant, Westside Ripper. You know what I told him? I said, "You may have killed all those people with your hands. I know this one girl... she could kill somebody with her smile." That's what I said to him. - No smile? - Maybe later. Oh, come on, what, are you mad at me 'cause I'm a little late? No, Kee. I expect you to be late. You're a very busy man. There are clearly many, many other things in your life that take precedence. So this is passive-aggressive? I can do the nonpassive version. Would you like that? I'm sorry. It'll never happen again. Want to play a little backgammon? Sure. You know, Mikki, this-- you and I-- this is supposed to be fun. It's supposed to be a refuge from the miseries of the real world. You know, it's supposed to be like Maui-- all warm breezes and gorgeous sunsets. Well, you missed the warm breezes. They blew through, like, 40 minutes ago. Hey, can I point out one thing? - Sure. - Yeah, and I want to be, uh... you know, super delicate about this, Mikki, but let's not forget one basic fact. What? That I'm a prostitute. Yes, that's it. Bingo. That's-- I didn't want to say it, but I don't want to come here for $500 and have you be pissed at me, when I can go get that for free from practically every other woman I've ever met. When you're late, Keegan, it shows basic lack of respect, and that's actually damaging to any professional relationship. All right, I-- All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right. Listen, Mikki, this time's important to me, all right? I do respect it. It means a lot. Oh, boy. You're starting to quiver a little bit on the outside. No. [Laughs] No! [Alarm beeping] Mm! Oh, sorry. - What? - Time's up. Sorry. - No, no, no. - Yeah. - Hey, hey, hey. - Hey! So next week don't be late. - Come on. - Oh, you come on. Ugh. I know. No, I'm getting the money right now. I just-- I know. I'm sorry. Had a little delay. I-- Okay. A few minutes. Can I call you right back? Yes. Yes, I promise. - It's good stuff, guys. - [Murmuring] That's the real deal right there. This is-- That's all-- That's grade A stuff right there. - [Speaking Japanese] - Huh? The eye color, the markings. It was on its way to the Fukushima Fish Market. Tsukiji. Fukushima's the reactor plant that blew up. Uh, what's-- what's he doing right there? Ah, he has to probe the fish to check the fat content. Okay, well, maybe ask permission next time. I'm sort of new to the business, but that seems like a common courtesy. [Both speaking Japanese] He said the fish isn't fatty enough, so he only pay $14,000. $14,000? No, no. What happened to $25,000? What happened to $25,000? Look at this thing. This is a fat bastard. I-- Try lugging it around in this cooler. [Both speaking Japanese] He said the fish is a two. That fish is a ten, sir. That's a ten that you're looking at right there. One is best. Then it-- then it's a one... or at least it was before he started probing it with that thing! How do I even know it's clean? Look, guys, look at this. Look at-- (Both) Aah! [Stuttering] You don't touch the fish with your bare hands! You never do that. All right, all right. [Speaking Japanese] [Laughs] [Both speaking Japanese] [Both laughing] Now only $10,000. No deal. $25,000-- that was the deal we had. You know what? You guys just lost yourself a great fish. Yeah, it's called "Sayonara." Heard that term? Put that back in the trunk, Leanne. [Both speaking Japanese] Sorry. Sir, would you mind-- [Speaking Japanese] No? _ I didn't know Bernie Michaels could write, let alone write a best seller. You know, I thought Tarrant's story about all these confessions was him trying to save his own skin. I think there might be something here. Not according to this book, there isn't. The murders-- Tarrant confessed to killing his neighbor first, this 19-year-old, Linda Purcell in Venice. She lives alone, runs a small shop, wore leg braces, basically a shut-in. He went to her house. He strangles her, okay? It's always been your exceptional standard of clients that's kept me loyal. And his second murder-- 19-year-old college student in Westwood. She's also strangled. Okay, so I grant you that. There's a little bit of a connection there. All right, fine. But this third one-- this is a middle-aged woman in Culver City. She's beaten to death, but there's-- there's a couple abrasions around her neck. And then this fourth one is a-- this guy's in Santa Monica. It's a man. He's a 33-year-old African-American man. He's stabbed. I thought serial killers found the specialty and stuck to it. Exactly. Tarrant's all over the place. I really think Michaels was just using Tarrant to clean up a bunch of crap around the department and make a name for himself, which he did. But Tarrant confessed. People get railroaded by the cops all the time. I mean, Michaels is the key. He's the one who got Tarrant to confess. What, to nine murders he didn't commit? My God, you see what's unfolding here, Leanne? If what I'm thinking is true, then every single one of these cases would have to be retried. I could be handling one of the biggest retrials in the history of this city. And the civil suit-- my God. Not to mention you'd be helping free an innocent man. Hmm? Yeah, yeah, that too. That-- This could be $50 million, $100 million. Do you think it could be 100? Do you? I don't know. It's a tantalizing thought, Kee. But that money, even if it does arrive, is a long way off, and I need my car back sometime before I die. I spoke to Mr. Brickman. He's found a restaurant in Seal Beach that's willing to buy your fish for $15,000. - That's the address. - Great. I'll get it after court. Chief Michaels, you took this latest confession from Mr. Tarrant, did you not? Take a look at that. I did. You don't you have officers under your command - could've done that sort of thing? - Mr. Tarrant sought me out. Right, so you took the confession? I told you I did. Did you also give it? Excuse me? I'm sorry. [Babbles] I get tongue-tied sometimes. Did you also write out the confession for Mr. Tarrant and then have him copy it in his own handwriting? - [Spectators murmuring] - No. And I don't like what you're suggesting. So you never wrote out this confession for Mr. Tarrant? You never did that, right, Chief? And remember, you're under oath. I never wrote anything out for Jack Tarrant. Why would I do that? That's a great question. I'd like to answer that, Your Honor. Let's think back ten years ago. Okay, you're not Chief Michaels at that point. You're just some lowly officer kicking around the LAPD at the time, who I believe was being investigated on certain counts of misconduct. - Objection. (Keegan) - Your Honor? Overruled. So you're seeing your career just-- it's, like, disappearing right before your eyes. You're under an extraordinary amount of pressure from all these unsolved murders that are making the department look bad, and you get a break. You pick up Jack Tarrant on suspicion of murdering this young woman. After a couple days, you extract a confession, and pretty soon, it's kudos to you. You know, it's a big collar. Great work. And then you extract another confession from my client and another and another and another and another, and before you know it, everybody's celebrating you because you've nailed Jack The Westside Ripper or whatever the hell his name is. And then you write a best seller, and before you know it, you're on your way to becoming Chief, and that... is exactly why I think you'd do it. Who do you think you're talking to? I think I'm talking to somebody who just perjured themselves. Your Honor-- [Reporters shouting] - Can we get a statement, please? - Any statement at all, sir? How do you respond to allegations that you've been systematically burying evidence in order to up your conviction rate? Mr. Deane, do you have a statement for the press? Well, sadly, this is another example of an innocent man's life being destroyed by the corrupt, disgraceful, fetid body that is the Los Angeles Police Department. Let me be clear about this. I will not rest until the LAPD is held accountable for any and all wrongdoing in this case. There will be justice for Jack Tarrant, not to mention substantial damages against the city. Thank you all. I'll have a comment later. Mr. Deane? Mr. Deane, what's in the cooler? Wouldn't Bernie Michaels and the LAPD like to know that? [Reporters shouting] Well, at this point, Mr. Deane is short on facts and long on wild speculation. [Laughter] Chief Michaels has spent his professional life in service to the city of Los Angeles, and he has my complete and unwavering support. Thank you. What the hell, Bernie? What the copper-bottomed, mother of pearl, and holy hell? Hey, that was me. I was the one up there having my professional integrity - questioned by that-- - I put Tarrant away based on the confessions you gave me. If anything is wrong with them, I promise you, none of this stink is landing on me. Oh, great show of support, Mr. Mayor. Thank you so much! Those confessions are rock-solid. - You better hope so. - They were obtained cleanly! That Keegan Deane-- I'd like to meet him in a dark alley real soon. He's your friend. What is he doing? His job, as far as I can tell. Well, if he's your friend, why don't you tell him to back off? Really, Bernie? You don't think that would be some kind of indication that maybe he was onto something? Enough! Just tell me I have nothing to worry about, Bernie. That's all I want to hear. You have nothing to worry about. Now swear it on the lives of your wife and kids. Well, you know, Alan Dershowitz was just about my age now when he defended Claus Von Bulow. (Keegan) That case was a game changer for him. Do you see yourself as a young Dershowitz? Yeah, I mean this-- this Tarrant case is exciting. I mean, it could be a good thing for me. I'm doing Greta Van Susteren. You're doing Greta Van Susteren? Well, I'm not doing her. I mean I'm doing the show. - You're excited about this? - Well, it's gonna be a lot of exposure. - Could be good. - What about your client? Who? Well, you seem more focused on how this interest will benefit you, rather than how it could help your client's case. Do you think that seems a little self-obsessed, even narcissistic? I'm a lot of things, Doc, but I'm not a narcissist. You believe that? Yes. Okay. What? Nothing. It's just... I had a dream about you last night. [Chuckles] Tell me. Well... the two of us were alone here in my office. I was seated across from you... trying to be my usual controlled self, but your scent just... overpowered me. I had to have you. So I... climbed on top of you, and I stared down at you. I leaned in close and said... "You are incredible"... because after all this time-- after our marriage, after our divorce-- you still possibly think I want to get it on with you. Narcissist. Hey, ma. What are you doing on top of dad? Well, I'm not doing anything. I was just trying prove a point to your father. Making the point that she's still into me. Stop it, Keegan. I am not. You here for another free therapy session? No, I'm actually being an excellent father, and I'm taking you for a driving lesson. Greta Von who? "Van." Van Susteren-- On The Record? All right. Uh, where we going? Seal Beach. Great place to drive when you're learning. Uh... dad, can I ask you a favor? Oh. Probably. I'm a little short right now, so-- No, no, it's not that. It's just, um... if mom asks, could you tell her that I was staying with you last Friday night? Where were you last Friday? It's probably better that you don't know. Finn, I don't like the idea of you lying to your mother. You know? It's no good, pal. I've been there before. Got caught a heap of times, trust me. No, seriously, you really don't want to know. This way, mom ever ends up finding out, you have plausible deniability. [Chuckles] Plausible deniability, huh? Exactly. Dad, we got each other's backs, right? [Cell phone ringing] Okay, okay, don't ask me again, though, okay? - Yeah. - Oh, Roy, hey. No, I was just about to call you. I was. Dad, dad, is that-- is that the freeway? No, I'm on my way with the cash right now. - Yeah. - Uh, no, d-dad, I can't-- I can't do the freeway. - I don't know how to do that thing. - What thing? The merging thing. I-- Yeah, just-- Roy, I don't-- - I think that would hurt me a lot. - Dad, dad! - I don't like the sound of-- - Dad! Dad, I can't! [Tires screeching] Just a sec, Roy. All right, lesson one. We don't just stop in-- on ramp. Mom's gonna kill me. Hey. It's okay. E-everybody gets in an accident sooner or later, really. You just got yours out of the way sooner than most people. It's good. What are you looking at? I'm just trying to get a little color. I got the show tomorrow. Hey, you guys need a lift back to my station? Any chance you could swing us by Seal Beach? No. All right, go to the station. Oh, come on. [Grunts] Come on! Mr. Deane, are you surprised by the actions of the LAPD? No. No, this is nothing new for the LAPD-- Rodney King, Rampart. This is an organization that's been defined by scandal, as far as I'm concerned. It's as if once one black eye heals, they punch themselves in the face again, Greta. Now, Mayor Marcus Barzmann made his name prosecuting Tarrant. What's his involvement in all this? Well, that's a typically great question from you. And who knows? This is a man who built his career by sentencing an innocent man to 1,000 years in prison, so I-- yeah. Keegan Deane in Los Angeles, thank you for talking with us. Thank you, Greta. Thank you. And let me just say-- big fan, and we have a number of people in the legal community out here-- We're off the air. No, no, no, I'm not bitter. I try not to feel like a victim. That's all! Well, if Bernie Michaels manipulated you, if he wrote your confessions and promised you wouldn't face the death penalty-- which is what you're saying happened-- then this is really the story of a criminal mastermind-- Michaels-- and an unfortunate, innocent dupe-- you. But I'm not a dupe. [Chuckles] If anything, it was more like a two-way street, a partnership almost. (Van Susteren) What are you implying, Mr. Tarrant? I'm just telling the truth. If you don't want to hear the truth, that's okay. You seem so agitated. Because people assume things, including you. You call me a dupe. Maybe you got it switched around, Greta. "Maybe you got it switched around, Greta"? I'm not a dupe. We had a deal. That's all I was saying. No, it isn't. You were suggesting in there that you were manipulating Bernie Michaels. You were doing it. Is that what you think happened? Is that what happened? Is this latest confession your idea, Jack? Of course, right? Ten years have gone by. No books anymore, no more letters with marriage proposals. Mark Harmon's not returning your calls. What could it hurt? You confess to one last murder you didn't commit. Hey, you'd be famous again. The only crime I've committed was being Linda Purcell's neighbor. I got 30 years. [Scoffs] Suddenly I was worse than a nobody. I was a nobody in prison, until Bernie came with another murder. I confessed to that one too. All of a sudden, the guys in the prison-- they started to show me a little respect. By confession number eight... I was somebody. You're a couple of serial fame whores. [Chuckles] God. Marriage made in heaven. Bernie needed a serial killer, and what? You were happy to become one, huh? I don't deserve to die for that, do I? No. I'm gonna get you out of here. So, if Tarrant were to win $50 million, how much would we get? "We"? Yes, we. Since when are you and I "We"? Seriously? You'd have to be getting at least $15 million. So, after four years of abject servitude, you couldn't spare one lousy million. Okay, okay, we don't have the money yet. Have this conversation further down the track, all right? After you've had me deported. How's he doing? His eyes are turning milky. [Cell phone ringing] Roy? Yeah. _ [Door opens] You're definitely going to retrial on all these cases. Can we have five minutes, please? Yeah? I can prove Bernie Michaels wrote your confessions for you. Look at this-- this first one. Circled in red. "I must of blacked out." "Must of" instead of the grammatically correct "Must have" or the contraction "Must've." "I should of never gone there." "Should of," not "Should have." Bernie Michaels-- he's Chief in one of the biggest police departments in the world, and his grammar is shameful. And this-- is this enough? No, that's why I got the galleys, the original, uncorrected galleys of his book. Look here. "There must of been a reason." "I should of made the connection sooner." This is a pattern. It all spells retrial to me... or, in your case, retrials. Bernie-- such an idiot. - I told you. - [Laughs] He got me in, and now he's getting me off. - Thank you. - I wish. - God, I wish. - What? 'Cause if you and I could go the whole distance with this thing, you son of a bitch, we'd be wealthy men. But there's that first case, right? Huh? Linda Purcell-- remember this confession? "She lived next door. I talked to her and asked her out. She said no, like I was nobody. She shouldn't have said that." "She shouldn't have said that." Bernie Michaels may have taken this confession, but he didn't write it. The form and the structure-- it's all wrong. It's a little like your letter to Mark Harmon. Remember this? "You shouldn't have stopped taking my calls." Linda Purcell was nothing. She's still nothing. You're my lawyer. This is gonna be our little secret. You can't tell anybody. No, no, I can't, but you should understand that the DA's gonna spend every single cent they have to find out what I already did, and when they do, remember, all deals are off the table, Jack. And so, when you're found guilty of murdering Linda Purcell all over again, it'll be death. That's one way to go. What's the other way? We make a deal. Bernie Michaels is thrown under the bus, where he belongs. You're acquitted of the eight other murders. Your original 30-year sentence is reinstated for killing Linda Purcell. [Scoffs] The bottom line, Jack-- it's either death... or you go back to being nobody. It's your call. Due to revelations of wrongdoing in the Tarrant case, I am ordering a full investigation into this matter, as well as any other cases handled by former Chief Bernie Michaels. [Reporters shouting] Uh, look, as an innocent, trusting, and unknowing participant in this miscarriage of justice, I vow here today to follow this investigation, no matter how high it may lead, and to punish any wrongdoers to the fullest extent of the law. Mm. And I'd like to thank, uh... [Clears throat] Mr. Keegan Deane, who was obviously very instrumental in bringing this situation to light. Mr. Deane, I thank you, and the city of Los Angeles thanks you. That's all. (All) Mr. Mayor! Mr. Mayor! (Woman on TV) That was Mayor Barzmann clearly in damage control after it was revealed that Jack Tarrant-- Thank you for that, Mr. Mayor. Not at all necessary, but greatly appreciated. I've always believed, Mr. Deane, that relationships should be reciprocal arrangements. You have no idea how difficult you've made my life recently. Well... Expect reciprocity. [Door closes] So much for my civil suit and my $100 million. [Sighs] Now it's just me and my tuna. Gentlemen at Seal Beach are still willing to purchase, but they're only offering $3,000. Fine. Sold. There is good news. Impound lot called. They found your car. Texted you the address. I'm going. Get my car, and I'm driving to Seal Beach. You don't have a license. I'm going to break the law. Hi. I'm, uh... [Grunts] Keegan Deane. I got a car here. - Mr. Deane. - Deane. We've been, uh, waiting for you. Yeah. Hey, Frank, Keegan Deane is here to pick up his car. That's good. [Both laughing] That'll be $300. [Laughs] Your car's in space nine. [Laughter] _ [Laughter] [Laughter] Oh, my God, I can't believe it. Congratulations, Kee. You're now the only person living in Los Angeles without a car. [Laughter] We're so sorry, Kee. It's just so funny. It's perfectly fine, Scarlet. [Laughter] [Sniffing] [Groans] [Laughter] Don't mess with me. Don't you mess with Mr. Deane. - That's right. - You're crazy. You're insane. You really are. Who wants some more fish? (All) I do! I live to serve. Kee. Need to see you. Kee? Uh, it's a friend of mine. It's okay. Friend. [Whispering] All right, listen, uh, meet me around front, all right? I'll come out in a couple minutes-- we can talk. Nah, your time is up. And we won't be doing much talking. Victor's very upset, so I'm gonna have to-- Is that tuna? - Looks fresh. - It is. This is amazingly fresh. I don't know how much you know about tuna, Roy. This is-- this is a two. You don't say. - There you go. - Thank you. So, Roy, how do you know Keegan? I'm trying to collect this $59,000 he owes my boss. [Chuckles] [Whispering] This is gonna be a conversation. This is gonna be a conversation. Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 