Rake: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rake 
 s1e6 - Jury Tamperer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rake (2014): Season 1, Episode 6 - Jury Tamperer - full transcript 
 A woman seeking information about her daughter's case sleeps with a juror; Finn continues to sleep with his teacher despite his parents' objections. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 . Australians, as a nation, have always rooted for the underdog. Come on, get on with it. Life's too short to wait for a beating. Look at this, he was a pro. Come on, mate, are we square? Go home. What's going on? Barney's kicked me out. Ow! You said you were OK with me going into politics. Yeah, well, I'm beginning to have second thoughts. Is Fuzz there? He's with her. He has to be. Then we know he's safe. Not with that woman, he isn't. Can I come up? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who is in your bed with Scarlet? That would be my friend Missy. I used to be a prostitute. As in - Small world, huh? System is morally bankrupt, that is why we need people like David. Come on, Miss, you know he's crazy about you. You know when the carpaccio's just an hour past its prime? It's not off but it's tired. Yeah, well, that pretty much set the tone for the whole meal. Right up to the catastrophe they called the tiramisu. Well, Morley's has always been crap. You know how bad it is. We used to go there for children's birthday parties. Yeah, well, you chose to have kids. And I'm joined in the studio 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 by State Attorney-General Joe Sandilands. My first question to you, Attorney-General, is, are you a complete moron? Um, and hello to you too, Eddie. Because that does seem to be the prevailing mood out there in our city of fear. This government seems unwilling to bridle the escalating ethnic gang violence. Asian, Muslim youths are terrorising our streets. Well, that is clearly untrue, Eddie. Now - Let's talk about Mary Drouin. OK. An innocent young Australian girl gang-raped by Muslim youths in broad daylight. I visited Mary just this week in hospital, and she is suffering extensive bruising, external and internal, some of which will last a lifetime. No, well, this is a - It's not just Mary Drouin, is it? Four other young Australian women have been raped in this one suburb in this last four-month period alone. Still no arrests? If I could just get a word in - Yeah, but words are all we get. I see you call for calm, but that's all we see you doing, and we're not calm, we are angry, because this government has turned suburbs like Cabramatta and Lakemba into safe havens for baby Taliban. What? I beg your pardon! When was the last time you walked the streets of these suburbs? When was the last time you did, Eddie? I don't think a Western woman would really feel safe in those areas without a full burqa on. I wouldn't go down there without a .22 automatic, but given that I'm not allowed to defend myself in such a manner, I have to rely on my government. If you would give me a chance to answer, I would be more - But honestly, if I was a young man with a sister or a mother or, God forbid, an adolescent daughter, I know what I'd be doing. Look, that is completely inappropriate. You have made this war. You are forcing brave young people to take up cudgels, to go into these areas and to take the law into their own hands. And who can blame them, really, calling no more Mary Drouins, this jihad against Australian women must stop, one way or another, right now. Now, you are advocating vigilantism here - Thank you, Attorney-General. That was Attorney-General Joe Sandilands, once again unable to shed any light on our streets of fear. Oi! Oi you, you fucking dogs! What the fuck is that? Come on! You wanna go?! Come on! You're listening to Eddie Langhorn, drive time, 2WE, 966AM. (Yelling) Go, go, go! You. (Grunts) Oi! (Police sirens approach) 2329 to Base. We need an ambulance here right away. Who's Warwick Torrens? He is the Director of Public Prosecutions. Why do you ask? He called. What'd he want? My guess is, he wanted to speak to you. Hey! You slept here, didn't you? Well, that depends. Where is here? You are due in court. Harry Sorry David and the Tax Office await the pleasure of your company. Yes, I'm onto it. So, you know Dava's coming back tomorrow. We have to vacate his room. Is Dava giving up smoking? I've got to get to Ali. Fast. Hey, that is Dava's gown. Mordy. How's the, ah, how's the family? Oh, hello. Ah, Edwina Langhorn? For God's sake, call me Eddie. What's up? Ah, we've got orders to place you under arrest, if that's alright? Really? Well, I guess there must be a charge of some kind. The charge, yeah. Yeah, um, sorry. Ah, causing a riot, inciting racial vilification. Oh dear, I have been busy. Look, there's no need for handcuffs. We'll just head on out. Oh no, no, no, I insist. I wouldn't like you to get into any trouble. Right, OK. Just mind the Rolex. Sure. Why are you still bloody doing legal work when you've got a campaign to run? It's my very last case, I promise. Mate, the Party's smiling on you. Smiles all around, happy smiling faces, but there's still a couple of frowns, alright? Some people who don't think you've got the ticker. Yes, I know, but this is a case I've been handling for nearly two years. It should wind up today. Alright, well, the electorate needs to see you at the coalface. Right up to the election day, alright? Ah, here we go. Nothing you can do can ever make up for this. You make sure you're back in time for the Under 18s Netball final, alright? They're daughters of Greeks and Italians. We're knee deep in a racist shit storm courtesy of the rabid Ms Langhorn. It's vital we be seen publicly with some of your less controversial ethnic groups. OK? Is it necessary to do it dancing in these hats? We'd do it in nappies if it'd win votes. Just stick it in the boot, Ali. The boot. Good, eh? Off yoghurt, cat piss. Old village trick. Good on ya. Thanks, Ali. Good, mate. Any time. See ya. Right, let's go, Reg. Your Honour, this matter has dragged on for 22 months, in which time, Mr Greene has failed to produce one shred of documentary evidence. We again submit that Mr Greene be required to produce the documents under subpoena or be held in contempt. Yes. Mr Greene, cometh the hour, cometh the man. Oh, shit. Ah, I agree, Your Honour. Um, this thing has dragged on way too long. I'm as anxious as anyone to put it right, which is why I'm very happy to say I can now lay this matter to rest. I have the documents with me. As has been established, Your Honour, my financial records were severely storm damaged, but I have managed to track down almost all the relevant surviving papers. According to the subpoena, Your Honour, I was required to produce financial records for the years 2004... (Coughs) ..ah, 2005. Very difficult to make copies of these, Your Honour. God, what is that smell? We're not entirely sure, Your Honour. It's possibly rat urine. They were very badly damaged. Get them out of here! We can have this dealt with in a couple of hours. Look, get them out. How dare you bring that into my court. Yes, I wasn't aware they actually smelt as bad as that, Your Honour, I have a deviated septum. I think we may guess how you got it. Mr Greene, you are in contempt. Remove this man from my court and place him in remand. How dare you mock this place? (Mobile rings) Ah mate, do you mind if I - Oh yeah, mate. Thanks. Lily, listen, you've called me at a rather awkward time. Do you mind - When isn't it an awkward time? How is every little thing, big sister? Dad's had a stroke. He's in hospital. Is he alright? He's doing Latin dancing, as we speak. I really just rang to hear your voice. I mean, is he gonna live? (Sighs) Here's a crazy suggestion. Why not drive up here and find out? Alright, look, I'm going to be a little tied up for the next couple of days. I'll try and get there on the weekend. Yeah, well, you do that and I'll tell him not to die before then. Oh, yes. Yes. Keep the good times rolling. Gentlemen. Cleave. Mack, how are ya? What are you here for? Oh mate, nip and tuck, bit of lipo. Bucket, how are ya? Give us some room there, Tuva. How are ya, mate? Shit. This morning, at 10:15am, we arrested Eddie Langhorn. Thought that'd get your attention. No, Warwick, I was just intrigued by the way you said 10:15am, as if the time of day mattered. Look, if this is about her Joe Sandilands diatribe, I'm not sure that it would stick. Well, she seriously overstepped this time. There was a riot, people got hurt. In any event, I've heard you bitch about her so often, I'm reasonably confident you'll be putting your back into it. Hm. More than my back. This isn't about liking or hating. Oh yes, it is. (Door opens) Someone's here to see you, Cleave. I take it Harry, sorry, David told you of my change of address. Well, it was spectacular, even by your standards. It even rivals your nude fountain display. You shouldn't have come here, sweet Missy. I wanted to see that you were OK. Well, as you can see, a Rembrandt portrait. More like a Jackson Pollock. You're doing coke again, aren't you? No. You know you can't handle it. My old man's knocking on the pearlies, apparently, but the spawn of his loins is doing just fine, thank you. Why are you here? Because you matter to me. I thought Harry, sorry, David Potter mattered to you. How is our little magician, by the way? Cleaver, don't start. He's gonna pop the question any day now, you know that? People like Harry have got life plans. For God's sake. You should be at home sorting out quotes for wedding napkins, instead of visiting old Cleave in the slammer. You're 1,000 light years away from Earth. May we walk our separate but unique paths, and always together. That's what Barney and Scarlet had on their napkins. Well, you shat all over those napkins, didn't you? Listen, maybe it's good you're in here. You can straighten yourself out. Ah, the corkscrew calls me bent, does she? You're right, I shouldn't have come. You know, you're going to die if you keep this up. Hello! It's just me! I came to pick up a file. We don't have to speak. Who the hell are you? Scarlet, right? I'm Sylvia. Adam's home from school. He's got a fever. Didn't Barney tell you? How dare you parade a strange woman in front of my children without consulting me first? If this is Sylvia, the kids have met her and they like her. You should've called me the moment he got sick before pulling in some mystery shag to help bail you out. There is a protocol to this sort of thing. Well, you've waived all rights to talk protocol. Those are my children and I won't have that slag near them! Never speak about Sylvia like that again. She's wonderful. And I have to tell you that the sex is brilliant. Look, I'm pleased for you. Genuinely. I have moved on with my life too and never felt more content. But next time, you call Natalie. Well, she's in Melbourne, remember? Just get my mother. So she can give Adam another four-hour lecture on the Holocaust? It's our people's history. You just call next time. Whether we're together or not, we still co-parent. (Mobile rings) Sister. I've SMS-ed you the hospital details. You'd better come. He keeps asking for you. I need your car for the weekend to visit my Dad. I will pay and I'll get it back Sunday night, alright? We've only got this room for six weeks. That's a no to the car? Bravo, Cleaver. Your family must be very proud. He only speaks in sarcasm, you know. Your little stunt in court finally sounds the death knell on one very shabby career. The Conduct Committee will have no choice this time. Not in the mood, mate. Oh, do forgive me. I've had a shit of a day. My old man might be on his way out. Oh please, the dying father? You have no moral compass, do you? Nicole! Tolga Urdan. Man or woman? Does it matter? I'm not expressing just my views here, or the views of the New South Wales bar. You have no ethical core, you're a borderline sociopath and a disgrace to the profession. Hello, Cleave. Why me? Your station could afford a chorus line of silks. I know you. Yes, you do at that. Well, you must know that I don't agree with a single opinion you express. I know what I said caused a fuss. No, no, a fuss is when you fart in a lift. Several people hospitalised, a kid on life support. A girl was gang-raped in broad daylight and no charges laid. I have every right to question this government's piss-weak stance. There's a line between questioning a stance and inciting a race riot, Ed. It was quite a rant. Yeah, it was, wasn't it? So, are you going to rescue a damsel in distress? (Sighs) No. No. Cleave, don't be like this. Come on, just give it a try. It'll be fun. I can't. These are my people. Don't you - Look, Tolga and his family. That girl there, I'm godfather to that girl. I'm actually running late for something. I've gotta fly. See you later, Ed. Cleave. Eddie! Eddie! How did they know to come here? I didn't know I had an office until 38 minutes ago. Welcome to my life. Eddie! Eddie! Yep, alright, alright, thank you! I will make just one short statement. When my right to express an opinion sees me handcuffed and dragged from my family home, this is not the country my family raised me to love. Our streets are not safe, nor are our suburbs, nor even our beloved beaches. We must take pause and ask ourselves, what's happened to this country? May I add something? Of course. Can anyone here lend me a car for the weekend? Nothing alcoholic, nothing up the nose. Yes, alright. Get off my back! You know what I mean. He slips up once, you call me. I don't want to go with him. Why am I being subjected to this? He has got a point. The man was unbearable when he was well. I always thought he was sweet. That's because he's good at faking it. Well, he's his grandfather, and death should have some meaning, and I want you to talk to him about Vampira. He hasn't spoken to me since I kicked her out of my place. He's still seeing her. Tissue box is full, no stains on the sheets. He's not doing it to himself. He's getting it. You do realise what you just said is a little creepy, don't you? I don't think you can talk to me about creepy. I see you're defending the gorgon. No, I'm not. I said no. Just you wait. I haven't seen her in over ten years. Last time you did, she ruined our marriage. No, I did that all by myself. Just talk to him. That's the only reason I'm lending you the car. You do still have a licence, don't you? (Death metal plays) Fuzz. Mate, it can't be, can't be good for you. Listening - (Sighs) Oh, well, this is bloody riveting. (Groans) Dad? Hi. Hi Pop, it's Fuzz. How are you in there? Better for seeing you. OK, that's it. Come on, let's go. Did he say anything, Fuzzy? He said he was better for seeing us. Hello, handsome. Hey, Aunty Jane. Oh, it's you. I'll drop by the hospital again in about half an hour. OK. Did he go? Yeah, he did. He's here too, you know. You can talk directly to him if you like. That'd be a waste of breath, wouldn't it? Can we please not start? You haven't seen much of your granddad, have you? No, not for a while. He's a great bloke. He'd take you fishing. Talk your ear off about rugby league. Yeah, great bloke if you never had to live with him. Your father's twisted. You stay living with your Mum. Just because he didn't lay into you doesn't make what happened to me any more acceptable. What exactly do you think he did to you, Cleave? Does it have to be like Christmas Day every time? No, it doesn't. Let's finish this cup of tea and this fuck awful fruit cake and get out of your hair. I've done my bit. You sat in a hospital room for two minutes. We've been there every day for weeks. Granddad had such high hopes for your father. You watch our Cleaver. So sad. How's your handicraft store, Jane? Please Bobbin. Oh no, that's right, you went broke. Who would have picked that? You'll spend time defending that cow Eddie Langhorn - yeah, we saw your photo - but you won't give any time to the man who devoted his life to you. Who says I'm defending her? And what, are we in the middle of a Susan Sarandon movie here? Alright, mate, you want the facts? He had a giant leather strap and he used to lay into me with it and he'd leave welts all up and down my body. Once! And that was after you tried to burn the school down! The whole town wanted you bloody lynched. He was always laying into me. Did you burn down your school? No! One classroom, a demountable. On principle. He always had to be the centre of attention. Find some stupid busted cause - I never had a proper relationship with the man and you know it, not like you two. Oh Dad, Thommo's bowling. Can we go? Cricket bored him rigid but he'd still take you to the Sydney Tests. It wasn't the only time he belted me. Problem was he didn't belt you enough. Oh, I'm sorry you have such a gobsmackingly dull life with Ian the Rotarian and his porcelain cat memorabilia. But why would I bother making it up, if it wasn't true? I don't know. Maybe you have to work that one out yourself. Here, have a browse of these. Tell me if any of these snaps equate with your father's tragic world view. And I spent three hours cooking you that fruit cake. (Doors slam) Mum ever talk to you about the female menopause, mate? You want to ignore me? You want to dump me too? Go ahead, get out. I mean it. I am sick of people passing judgement on me. You don't want to talk to me, there's the door. Fuzz. Fuzz! Why am I copping shit for this? What, your Mum chases the woman down the street. She calls her Vampira to her face. Mum's always done stuff like that. She's allowed to. I'm used to it. But you rock up once a week and pretend to be this cool, anything goes guy and in reality you're just a bloody fascist! I don't remember Hitler expressing an opinion about sons rooting their English teachers. I can handle you being a shit dad because I always thought you were my mate. We are mates, Fuzz. We have such great times, mate. What about Souths' games, and, and skiing last year? You spent the whole time shagging the ski instructress! Oh yeah, alright, not a good example. But mate - Why don't you understand how much I love her? Fuzz, mate, can we not hate each other, please? It's all going to end in a single bed in some Dickensian hospital breaking wind and pissing into silverware. Dad. I fucking love you, Fuzz. I would take a bullet for you, mate. Dad! (Breaking glass) Wendy, will you calm down? It's largely superficial. Look, I will pay. I'm good for it. No, it's just, I, oh. Did Pop really take you to see the cricket? You always said it was a girls' game. I was unsure of my sexuality. I rang again on July 9th. Ah, correction, 10th, and then again on the 16th. As I say, Elspeth, this is more of a council matter than - On August 2, I wrote the Prime Minister. Again, the Prime Minister is federal. I'm standing for state parliament. So you'll do nothing then? No, on the contrary, I will be writing to council and putting considerable pressure on them to act on this grave matter of the - Weekly collection of garden waste. Yes. He's all piss and wind, darling. But I like you. OK. I think I can swing my block for you. I should have known when you said pick a restaurant, you'd be a little uncomfortable with Lebo. Salam Alaikum. Alaikum Salam. (Speaks Arabic) (Replies in Arabic) Mm. I just wish you'd told me it was so casual. I feel a little overdressed. She's not Lebanese, by the way. She's Egyptian. She'd be really offended if you call her a Lebo. I was thinking about our last time together. Oh, that weekend in Pretty Beach. Yeah. Mm. I distinctly remember you being pro-Native Title, anti-mining and saying that you thought Paul Keating was the most admirable man alive. I said no such thing. You did. No, you're thinking of Etta Greenburg. Ugh. Really? Mm-hm. So, Ed, this shit you talk on air, you really believe it? Oh, absolutely. Except maybe the weather. I'm glad you came. I need you. Oh. I remember the last time you said that. Just hear me out, please? Look, Ed, you do know, don't you, that of those five rapes, only your girl Mary Drouin is dead certain it was a Muslim gang, and only two of the four other girls even mentioned the word Muslim in their statements. Where'd you hear that? I've got friends in low places. Five rapes, four months, one suburb. Come on, Cleave, it's gotta be the same gang. No, it doesn't. It doesn't have to be anything. It just suits you if it's that way. Suits you to be able to sling the words Muslim, gang and rape together on air because it gets your demographic all fired up. Gets the blood boiling. Yeah, too right, the bloody towel heads! Have you ever been to an Islamic country, Cleave? Oh, don't start this shit. Some of the most beautiful, erudite people I ever met are Muslim women. But their men, their men think women are second class citizens. Not only do they think we should be neither seen nor heard, they think we should be able to be traded for two goats and a diesel generator. Are you really OK about those attitudes being imported into this country? I'm thinking about that diesel generator. Clitoral circumcision. Oh, hello. It's been outlawed in this country for 15 years but some fathers defend it as a cultural right despite the fact they have sworn an oath to obey the laws of our country. How can mutilating your daughter be a cultural right? And the people that could stop it, the people that could enforce the laws, men in power like Joe Sandilands, they run a million miles in the opposite direction because they're too politically correct to offend and they're beholden to their party room hacks that won't alienate their multicultural electorates. Ed, Jewish women aren't allowed to sit with their menfolk in synagogues. The smallest... They're not allowed to pray at the Wailing Wall. ..percentage of practicing Jews! The ultra-Orthodox - My beloved Catholic Church at the forefront of feminist thinking. The same day that I spoke to Joe Sandilands, three other jocks made the same call to arms and no charges laid. Why? Card. Because they're inside the tent, and Joe Sandilands is scared shitless of them. I can make a difference. I can beat these boofheads. I just have to get inside the tent. Why do you have to go camping with them at all? Because I always liked a good fire. Oh. Eddie, I'm such a fan. Thanks for coming down. Did you hear me on the radio last night? You must know by now she's the devil. Come on, Red. Democracy's built on the inalienable right to express moronic opinions. Except she isn't a moron. She's the devil. That is what the devil looks like. That is what the devil sounds like. She hasn't broken the law. The devil never does. All she has to do is sow doubt. Doubt leads to fear, fear leads to discord, discord leads to some poor kid being hit in the head with a baseball bat. She got up Joe's nasal chambers. She opened the debate. Any passionately held opinion's going to cause conflict. Choose a God, choose a footy team, back a politician, you are now part of the great divide. Should Israel build settlements in the occupied territory? Oh please! Let's not pretend this is about freedom of speech. No, she's a performing seal for the politically powerless. You really don't like her, do you? Within two hours of Ms Langhorn's diatribe, seven separate incidents broke out in south western Sydney. Eight people were injured, one teenage boy seriously so. The defence will argue that she did not intend this. But Ms Langhorn is a highly intelligent woman with Arts/Law degrees from Melbourne University, and a Masters from the Columbia School of Journalism. There is no doubt that she knew precisely the parameters of the law that she was breaking. Edwina Langhorn is a human starting gun and we will prove it. Mr Elliot, you have been convicted of causing grievous bodily harm. What prompted you go to out and beat up a group of total strangers? It's a bloody war out there, and she gets that. I mean, none of you lot live where I come from. You don't hear 'em yelling at us from cars, spitting on us, hitting our women. If we don't fight back then we're losing who we are. Oh, that would be a pity, indeed. If you hadn't have listened to Ms Langhorn's broadcast, would you have still gone out and attacked these people, do you think? Don't know. What does the word 'prevailing' mean? Not sure. What about 'bridle'? To get married? Ah yes, but as in to bridle a horse. What does that mean? To marry one? (Quiet laughter) OK. Ah, what about 'causal'? When you don't have to wear a suit. Right, so not the sort of clothes you'd wear to marry a horse. Your Honour! Your Honour, these were all words used by Eddie Langhorn in her broadcast. Mr Elliot doesn't seem to know the meaning of any of them, which does beg the question, did he understand a single word my client was saying in her broadcast? Thank you, Your Honour. What in the blue blazes is this? Ah, livestock of some description? No, no, it's a human organ, isn't it? I'm pretty sure it's an animal. Where was the town where your parents renewed their wedding vows? Pardon? Where they...? Renewed their wedding vows. San Gimignano. Ah, I thought that's what you said. Just think, some poor bloody idiot has wasted nine months of their life gluing bits of blue and yellow ceramic onto Lycra and no-one can tell me what it is. It got second prize. I see our camel has caught your eye. A camel. A camel. Local girl. Julia Abbinga. Lives just two streets away. All local artists. Well, there you go, Dave. So much talent in just the one little electorate, eh? Bob Menzies. Named after our famous Prime Minister? No, after a car dealer from Nerang. (Chuckles) You're 2WE's general manager. What sort of asset has Edwina Langhorn been to your station? Oh, she's a cracker. Smart, hardworking, tough, no airs and graces. I mean, not too many women can move from print into radio, but she goes it toe to toe with any of the boys. And your revenue from her drive time slot? Increased by over 120%. I read a report in the Financial Review that Ted Gorman, your king of breakfast, has hinted that he might be leaving at the start of next year. That must be of huge concern. Oh well, Ted's a once in a generation talent. And would you think of Ms Langhorn as a possible replacement? Eddie's hat will be one of several in the ring. So I suppose anything that heightened her profile or improved her demographic would be of enormous benefit in securing that show? Eddie's been bangin' on about this Mary Drouin case long before Ted made his announcement, if that's what you're insinuating. Yes, but Ted Gorman announces his departure on July the 1st, and on July the 8th, Ms Langhorn goes ballistic and her photograph ends up on the front page of every paper. And you, as the 17-year operator of one of Australia's most profitable radio networks, really see no correlation between those events? No, I don't. Why didn't you tell me about Ted Gorman leaving? How could you not know? What rock have you been living under? The rock that doesn't listen to your fuckin' radio station. You are the worst kind of snob. I don't appreciate you humiliating my listeners. And who would that be? The boy in the stands. You were a bit rough on him. The boy who used a baseball bat on somebody's head?! Look, if he hasn't had the benefit of a decent education, if he is genuinely concerned about the future direction of his country, then I am proud to speak on his behalf. You of all people should understand that, Cleave. How many AVO applications have you successfully defended? Oh, don't start this shit. No. Women living in fear of being assaulted, raped and murdered, but you represent those men. Yeah, yeah. Why? Why? Because somebody's got to. That's what a defence lawyer does. We're both just advocates for hire. We're two sides of the same coin. Don't you think it's about time you grew up and worked that out? You're killing me. (Cries) (Whimpers) (Mobile rings) Red! (Mobile rings faintly) Red. What are you doing? Is Venus to the left or right of the Southern Cross? Do you know? Red, come on. Red, come on, sweetheart. We've gotta go. See, Barney knows. You know, on a clear night, he takes the kids out and he talks to them about the stars. (Sighs) I don't know. I think it, it's one of those low ones. Barn. Scarlet was attacked last night. What? Is she alright? Yeah, yeah, she's fine. Just a bunch of thugs who wanted to scare the shit out of her. Why, what'd they want? Nothing, as far as she could tell. Is this your client's work? Eddie isn't like that. Sympathy for the devil, is it? Go do your job. Here's what I think we should do. No seconds. I have a lecture. After the election, and before I get sworn in, I think we should go to Italy. You're kidding. The full deal. Milan, Rome, Florence. And then I think we should end up in San Gimignano. Where? Where your parents reaffirmed their vows. Yes. Right. I couldn't find that cathedral you described, online. I'll keep trying. I hope I haven't confused it with the church I was confirmed in, which is in France. You know sometimes you confuse and distort memories from your childhood? No. Not really. Anyway, that's where I think we should go, because, well, that's where I think you and I should get married. Sorry, mate. The Mary Drouin thing is out of bounds. You should know better than that. My hands are tied. Yeah, I understand. I just thought that - Leave it. Leave it, alright? There's nothing I can do. You right? Yeah. Oh! Sorry, mate. What's the score? Three apiece. Three apiece? Yeah. Let's call it a draw, eh? Eh? Yeah, mate, neither of us are going to get to nine. I'm going to hit the showers. Come on! No. Say hi to Scarlet if you see her, will you? Yeah, sure. See ya, mate. See ya. Hey, you forgot - So, in your conversation with the Attorney-General, you were merely trying to elicit answers about the brutal rape of Mary Drouin? And the four other girls. That's correct. Did you, through your choice of words, intend to cause racial unrest and/or a riot? Absolutely not. 'People are forced to arm themselves.' 'If I was a young man with a sister or a mother, I know what I'd be doing.' What would you be doing? Well, I meant that I sympathise with their anger. Our streets are not safe. But surely you meant more than that. You describe it as a war. Well, the Sunday Sun is currently running a war on fat. I don't think they're advocating that their readers run out and machete people with cellulite. Clearly, I was speaking metaphorically. You talked about right-minded people arming themselves, taking the law into their own hands, picking up cudgels. That doesn't sound metaphorical. What other possible meaning could your listeners interpret from this? The need for action. Not violent action. As Al Gore says, I raise an inconvenient truth. An interesting example, because you don't buy global warming, do you? Well, only stupid people don't buy into global warming, but intelligent people question its causes. We could debate this all day but I don't want bore the jury. I mean, you feel it, don't you? The tension, the fear in this city - Ms Langhorn, please. The Germans stood idly by - How dare you appropriate the Holocaust for your own personal - Ms Engels. Apologies, Your Honour. Ah, Your Honour, I request a brief recess. Mr Greene? Ah. (Sighs) Ask Eddie about a visit she got from Mary Drouin's sister a week before the riots. Why? You have 15 minutes. Gotta give it back. Ah, Sylvia is an agency nanny, by the way. She charges 32 bucks an hour. Oh. She seemed nice. She is. Home stretch. Good, because I've booked a place for Pretty Beach for the weekend. How does you, me and no Etta Greenberg sound? Ms Engels? Are you done with the defendant? Ah, not quite, Your Honour. One or two more. Your friend, Mary Drouin, you know her sister Tamsin also, don't you? I met her once. I understand that she came to visit you a week before the broadcast. How did you get on? Oh, she seemed pleasant enough. She must have seemed a little more than pleasant. I believe that you gave her $20,000, did you not? As a matter of fact, I did. I see. I gave her money to help Mary with her various psychological and medical needs. Why did you give the money to Tamsin and not Mary? Well, Mary's in no fit state - So, it wasn't to keep her quiet, then? Objection, Your Honour. Apologies, Your Honour. Ms Langhorn, what did Tamsin Drouin tell you when she visited you? Oh, she, ah, she came to me with a wild story. I didn't believe it. What about her story didn't you believe? Five girls were raped over four months in the same area - Your Honour, I ask you to direct the defendant to answer the question. Ms Langhorn? She was suggesting that the rape had not happened quite as Mary had described it. I felt she was clearly - What did she say? That it had been a family member. (Muttering) And that the whole story about the Muslim gang had been invented by the family to cover up the truth? You meet Mary, you meet Tamsin. You tell me who you think's the more reliable. So let's just be clear here, shall we? You chose to give $20,000 to the sister whom you thought to be unreliable. Ah, Your Honour, my client is charged with inciting racial hatred. This is a case about the words she used. Whether or not she paid money to Mary Drouin, Mary Drouin's sister, her great aunt or her cat is irrelevant to these particular proceedings. I would ask that the exchange between Ms Engels and Ms Langhorn pertaining to this money be deemed irrelevant and, respectfully, that you ask the jury to disregard it. Your Honour - I quite agree, Mr Greene. Members of the jury, you must not take into account any testimony as to any payments from Ms Langhorn to Ms Tamsin Drouin. Well, I guess on the upside, I got you off. Yep, I suppose you did. It was never really about that though, was it? It was a publicity drive. No. You made Mary Drouin the poster girl for your cause and then you discovered that she wasn't raped by a Muslim gang but her own dad. So that was another inconvenient truth. One that could never see the light of day. Sometimes the cause is bigger than the individual. Four other girls were raped. Somebody's got to be angry for them. Well, my guess is you've set the cause back a good long way. I know in my heart I did the right thing. And I know in my heart, I won't be coming to Pretty Beach. Ooh, yes! (Doorbell buzzes) Steak? Don't tell me you are actually cooking. Start of the new me. Thickly sliced, grass fed, prime Angus Scotch with green beans. Just the steak and beans? All a growing boy needs. No rehab? Oh, they tried to make me go to rehab but I said no, no. Are you sure? You'd be surprised at my willpower. I would. Mm. There's a turd on your plate. Mortimer Gross unsalted peanut butter. Go on. Mm. That is so much more than peanut butter. Yeah. Still, I question its proximity to the steak. Do you? That is good peanut butter. David and I are getting married. (Radio plays) It's five minutes past midnight and you're with Edwina Langhorn till the wee small hours, bringing you the best in easy listening and classic hits. Can you turn that wretched harpy off, son? Be my pleasure, Dad. (Closed captions by CSI) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 