PAW Patrol: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 PAW Patrol 
 s2e4 - Pups Save the Diving Bell/Pups Save the Beavers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 PAW Patrol (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Pups Save the Diving Bell/Pups Save the Beavers - full transcript 
 Cap'n Turbot and Francois go deep sea diving to snap a picture of a rare sea slug - the only problem is their diving bell ends up stuck, and then the propeller fin breaks at the bottom of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ We'll be there on the double ♪ ♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪ ♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪ ♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪ ♪ Will come and save the day ♪ ♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪ ♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪ ♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ We'll be there on the double ♪ ♪ No job is too big, no pup is too small ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol, We're on a roll! ♪ ♪ So here we go PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ Just try and return this one! Ugh! Like this? Got it! I got it! I got it! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Actually, I got it. Eh! Sorry, dude! (Pups barking) (Whale whimpering) Aww, the little whale wants to play! Sorry, maybe later. (Whimpering) Oh, I got this one! Whoops! Whoa-a-a! Nothing but net! Told ya I'd get it! (Giggling) CAP'N TURBOT: Let's go, François. That extra-special giant slithering sea slug is under sea somewhere. Right behind you, Horatio! Hop in my dandy diving bell, and we'll descend into the deep. Hmm, you call this old bucket of bolts a diving bell? Hmm? No, I call it a diving beauty! Ay-yi-yi, yi-yi-yi-yi. (Bolts popping) (Splashing) Not even this bucket of bolts can stop me from getting a photo of the rare giant sea slug! I brought my old camera, too! It's taken many a fine fish photo! Ha! Not like my special underwater, high-def, hi-fi, wi-fi can't-miss camera! Oh, what's going on! (Shouting, alarm sounding) Oh, what was that? Ugh, this feels like being in the washing machine. Ahh, jumping jellyfish! A giant eye! Giant eye? I've seen much bigger-- ahh! (Thudding) HORATIO: What's going on? Ahh! Whoa! FRANCOIS: Ahhh! Stop this crazy boat! (Splashing) HORATIO: It's not me. The baby whale is bouncing us boisterously like a volleyball. Whee! What a wild, wacky whale ride! Whoa! Oh, dear. Oh, no, the steering fin! (Banging) Ow! Ah! Come on now. Why aren't we moving? Oh, bleu fish! We are stuck! That's something we can agree on. This bell won't budge. So, what do we do? First, we yelp for help! (Phone ringing) Ryder here. Ryder, emergency! My cousin and I are trapped in a diving bell at the bottom of the bay! Oh, no! What happened? We got juggled by a giant whale. My steering fin is finished! We're on our way! No job is too big, no pup is too small! Thanks, Ryder. PAW Patrol, to the Lookout! PUPS: Ryder needs us! (Barking, giggling) Hey, wait for me! Ugh! (Barking) Ruff, ruff! (Barking, giggling) Marshall? (Panting) MARSHALL: Sorry! (Woman gasping) Enjoy your book! (Giggling) ♪ (Elevator dinging) ♪ PAW Patrol, ready for action, Ryder, sir! Thanks for hurrying, pups. Cap'n Turbot and his cousin François are in trouble. (Gasping) Cap'n Turbot? Poor François! They're out in the bay, looking for a rare sea slug, but the playful baby whale accidentally broke off the steering fin. The whale was playing with the bell just like we were playing volleyball! Now, Cap'n Turbot and François are stuck at the bottom of the bay. For this mission, I'll need... Zuma, your sub can take us down to the diving bell, so we can try to pull it up to the surface. My sub? Awesome! Let's dive in! Rocky, I need you and your tools to repair the diving bell. You mean, after you and Zuma get it up to dry land, right? Well, we'll try to bring it up, but if we can't, you'll have to scuba-dive down there. Okay! Green means "go"! Uh, even if it means "go get wet". (Shuddering) (Pups giggling) All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll! (Barking) ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ Ooh, yeah! ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ Arf! (Howling) ♪ ♪ Zuma! ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ Rocky! ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪ (Tires screeching) ♪ (Beeping) Lifejacket, deploy! (Beeping) ♪ Arf, arf! Sub! ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ (Splashing) You sure you don't want a ride in the sub, Rocky? And leave this nice, dry beach? No, thanks! (Laughing) ♪ Hey, I see something! Ze rare giant sea slug? Better! The PAW Patrol sub that's gonna save us! (Phone ringing) Ryder, are we happy to see you! RYDER: Okay, hang on! We're gonna try to pull you out. (Barking) Rescue arm! Got it! Let's go. (Grinding, sputtering) (All shouting) Whoaa! Ahh! BOTH: Yay, we did it! Okay, Cap'n Turbot. The diving bell is free! (Cheering) All right, let's go find out giant sea slug. Whoa! Ahh! (Clunking) (Bolts popping) Oh, that did not sound so good. We split our side seam! The bell will fill up with water! We'd better get top-side and quick! Oh, no! I can't steer this thing! Whoa! (Shouting, clunking) Stop the engine, Cap'n! (Sighing) Phew! Le phew! RYDER: Without that steering fin, they're not going anywhere. Aha! I have a plan! Rocky, I need you to swim down to the diving bell, fast! Okay, Ryder! I'm ready to take the plunge! (Dipping paw, shivering) You can do it, buddy! (Taking deep breath) (Splashing) See? That's not so bad. How you doing? Good. Good and wet! Wet, wet, wet! Heh, okay, let's dive! (Splashing) Ah, here goes. (Splashing) Ahh, Horatio! What are we doing? Ryder's coming. We'll just wait for him to fix the steering. Hmph! François Turbot waits for no one! No, François! The steering is bro-- Ahhh! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Ay-yi-yi! Turn it off! Ze pups, they are here! Good thing we waited. (Barking) (Ratchet whirring) Fixed? Ha, fantastic! Let's go! Oh, non, non, non. Ze tummy, she cannot take ze wiggling! (Horatio and François cheering) Ah, hooray, Horatio! Up, up and a-- wait! Wait? HORATIO: It's the slug! (Slug giggling) I got it! I wonder how fast they'll get up to the surface. (Horatio and François shouting) (Whale giggling) Not again. Hey, little whale! How about you play with me? Whee! Whoa! Yeah! (Barking) Whoa-a-a-a! Thanks, little big guy! Who's up for some volleyball? PUPS: Me! Me! I want to play! I want to play! Ryder, thanks again for bringing us up from the briny bottom. No problem! Whenever you're in trouble, just yelp for help. Come see ze fabulous photos I took of the ze rare giant slug of ze sea. Uh, what is that? Oh, bleu fish! Zat is my thumb. Ha, don't worry, François. Mine came out okay. Wow, great photo, Cap'n! Who wants to play? BOTH: We do! (Giggling) ♪ You're all good pups ♪ ♪ And we saved the day ♪ ♪ And now time to play around Adventure Bay ♪ Whoo-hoo! Yes! Ha, I feel like a beached burrito. (All laughing) (Thunder) (Wood clattering) ♪ (Scratching chin) ♪ I'll get this one, Farmer Yumi! (Grunting) Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's a big bale of hay, Chase. Let me help. Thanks, Farmer Yumi! Glad to help "bale" you out, Chase. (Chase laughing) Thanks for helping me get this dry hay into the chicken coop, pups. (Clucking) (Bell ringing) (Clucking) (All chuckling) (Coop creaking) Oh, no! The coop! The chickens! And the eggs. (Chickens clucking) Yuck! Yes! (Barking) This'll slow 'em down! (Clucking) Nice toss, Chase. Now, what is wrong with the chicken coop? It totally looks like somebody's been munching on it. It does look like someone chewed on the posts. That's why it fell! (Barn creaking) (Crashing) Uh, I don't think it was just the chicken coop. I know who's chewing on my barn. Chompy! PUPS: Chompy? The beaver from the pond. But he never chomped my buildings before. (Crashing) I need the PAW Patrol, and fast! Don't worry, we'll be back with help in no time! (Barking) Hee hee, tickles, tickles! (Giggling) (Barking) Ryder, Ryder! Farmer Yumi's barn! Is about to fall down. Chompy the beaver is eating the support beams. We have to save the barn. No job is too big, no pup is too small! (Beeping) PAW Patrol, to the Lookout! PUPS: Ryder needs us! (Marshall laughing) Ruff! Marshall shoots, he sco-- ugh! (Pups giggling, barking) Hey, I scored again! (Giggling) So funny, Marshall! ♪ (Elevator dinging) PAW Patrol ready for action, Ryder, sir! (Beeping) Thanks for coming so quickly, pups! Someone has been chewing Farmers Yumi's barn! Farmer Yumi thinks it's Chompy the beaver that lives in her pond. We have to make sure the barn is safe, and find out why Chompy's chomping on it. (Beeping) Rubble, I need you and your digger to help fix the barn and coop. We'll use your shovel to hold up the barn while we fix the support beams. Rubble on the double! (Beeping) Rocky, I need you and your tool arm to help Rubble brace those barn beams. Green means "go"! (Beeping) Chase, I need you to track Chompy, and find out why he's so far from home. Chase is on the case! All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll! (Barking) ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ (Barking) ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ ♪ Chase! ♪ Ruff! ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ (Siren blaring) ♪ Go go go, go go go ♪ ♪ Rocky! ♪ Woof! ♪ ♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪ (Tires screeching) (Siren blaring) ♪ Thanks for racing over, Ryder. Oh! Let's prop the barn up, fast! Rubble, Rocky, we need some long, strong boards to brace the chewed beams. There's got to be wood around the farm we can re-use. Green means "go"! (Barking) Ryder, Chompy went this way! See if you can track him down before he chews anything else. Chase is on the case! (Siren blaring) Okay, once the wall's up, Yumi and I will support it while Rocky attaches the brace. Ready, pups? Rubble on the double! (Wall creaking) It's holding! Rocky! (Barking) Ratchet! (Whirring) Got it! Hope it holds. Only one way to find out. Rubble! Woof! I think that's gonna hold. Oh, thank you, pups! (Sniffing) There you are, Chompy! Time to take a little break. Arf, net! Arf! (Chomping) Should have seen that coming. Ryder, come in, Ryder! What's up, Chase? I found Chompy. He's dragging the barn board down to the pond. I'm on my way! This is the beaver pond, but where's the beaver lodge? It's gone. The storm! It washed away Chompy's lodge. He's trying to rebuild it, and we're gonna help him. (Beeping) (Whirring) That old chair leg is perfect to hold up the chicken coop! (Clucking) (Giggling) (Chickens clucking) And I think the chickens like it! RYDER: Hey, Rocky, how's the repair going? All done, Ryder! Great job, pups! Now, gather all the old wood you can, and bring it down to the pond. We're gonna build a beaver lodge! You got it, Ryder! (Phone ringing) Hi, Mayor Goodway. Ryder, help! I just finished carving a new totem pole, and someone ate it! Timber-r-r-r-r! (Chicken clucking) (Mayor giggling) Now, something's chewed up Mayor Goodway's totem pole! But Chompy's been here the whole time. Well, someone's chewing his way through Adventure Bay. It must be another beaver! Chase, you have to find that beaver before it chomps the town into toothpicks! Chase is on the case! (Siren blaring) Uh-oh! Hey, don't eat my tree! That's what keeps my fort in the air! (Beaver chomping) (Phone ringing) What's up, Alex? Help! A beaver's eating my tree-fort tree, with me in it! Don't worry, Chase will help you! RYDER: Chase, Alex has beaver trouble. Get to his tree house, fast! Chase is on the case! (Tires screeching, siren blaring) Ooh, am I glad to see you. They're eating my tree! "They're"? Ryder, I found the other beaver, and another other beaver! And they're busy as... as beavers! Whoa! (Tail splashing) I've got it! Beavers talk to each other by smacking their tails. (Smacking) Here goes nothing. (Chase smacking tail) (Beaver chittering) (Chase gasping) (Tail smacking) We did it! Two beavers, on their way, Ryder! Thanks, Chase! (Siren blaring) Okay, little beavers, you're home. (Splashing) Great job, pups. That's enough wood to make a beaver palace! (Beavers chittering) (Chomping) Nice work, pups. Chompy should be really happy in his new home. (Chittering, smacking tails) I think they like it. Beats chewing on an old barn. Next time, don't go around chomping things. Just yelp-- Or slap your tails! --for help. (All laughing) (Chittering) (Splashing) The beaver dam has a waterslide? Can we try it, Ryder? Go for it. You've all been such good pups. All right! Whoo-hoo! (Giggling) Come on, Rocky. Let's get wet! No, thanks! I'm just going to sit in the sun. (Chittering) Huh? Whoa! (Splashing) Ooh, Chompy! (Chittering, giggling) ♪ PAW Patrol ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 