Hawaii Five-O: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hawaii Five-O 
 s1e9 - By the Numbers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Five-O (1968–1980): Season 1, Episode 9 - By the Numbers - full transcript 
 A U.S. serviceman, in Hawaii for R&R;, becomes a pawn in a fight for control of a numbers syndicate. The head of the outfit, Philip Lo, is killed and the serviceman has been framed for it. McGarrett & Co. race to solve the killing, shut down the numbers syndicate and prevent the serviceman from becoming the next homicide victim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( tranquil theme playing) ANNOUNCER: Last call for all families and dependents meeting military personnel for rest and recreation in Honolulu. Please board R and R bus at Baggage Area 9. (indistinct chatter) Hey, Jerry. Oh, hi, Joe. Hi, Jerry, did your wife show? Uh, no. Jerry, you've been meeting every bus since yesterday afternoon. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, it's a long ways from Wisconsin. I-I figure she missed a connection somewhere. What are you gonna do until 6:00? Well, just hang around, I guess. Look at this. Numbers ticket? A winner. I bought it this morning in Lunalilo Park. Huh, no kidding, what do you get for it? A hundred and seventy-five bucks. Now, you and I can do Hotel Street from one end to the other, first class. Thanks, Joe, but I'd better stick around. I'll have you back by 6:00. Oh, yeah. That's what you said in Saigon, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and we didn't get back for two days. Yeah, but that was unavoidable. (laughing) No. Joe, I can't take the chance of missing a single bus. I mean, how would it look if Laurie arrived and I wasn't even here to meet her? We've got enough problems with our marriage. Okay, pal. I hope everything comes out all right. Good luck. ( ominous theme playing) Hiya, Johnny. I been looking all over Hotel Street for ya. You've been looking for me, soldier? Well, yeah. You owe me 175 bucks. Come on. Here's the ticket, number eight. Yeah, yeah. I can see the ticket, soldier. What's it have to do with me? What do you mean? You sold it to me. I hear a lot of GIs talking. They say one gook looks like another. It must be the same with you, huh? I look like some other gook. Hold it, kid. You're gonna pay off on this ticket. What ticket, soldier? ( dramatic action theme playing) ( upbeat surf theme playing) (bell clanging) ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, the 'Iolani Palace. (chattering indistinctly) The only royal palace on American soil. Steve, we've got to do something about Hotel Street. Another serviceman was killed in that area a few hours ago. Private Joe Crewes, 173rd Airborne Division returned to Honolulu for R and R, found stabbed to death in an alley. Yes, sir, I know it, we're on it. That's not good enough. Servicemen here on leave from Vietnam have been subjected to beatings, robberies, now murder. If something isn't done, the whole area will be off-limits to all armed-forces personnel. Be bad for business. The merchants retailing drugs, sex and gambling, might even march on the palace. Look, Steve, your cynicism has some validity, and I don't want to squeeze Five-0. I know that, sir. And I don't wanna paint every merchant in the Hotel Street area with the same black brush. Where there's a rotten spot, we'll dig it out. We have to. Servicemen come back here after months of combat for a rest. The least we can do is guarantee their safety. It will be done, sir. I promise. (door slams) Danno, Chin, come on in. Let's run down the Crewes killing. No witnesses. Nobody saw him enter the alley. Nobody heard him yell. Who found the body? H.P.D. They're working on it too. So far, nothing. Autopsy report? He died of internal bleeding from a single knife wound. He must have put up a fight. Knuckles were skin bare. Poor guy comes back from six months of combat, and dies in a crummy alley. McGARRETT: Question is, why? Have any money on him? Twenty-five bucks. That lets out robbery. DANNY: And the usual identification. Also an unmailed letter to his wife. You read it? Soaked through with his blood. Lab's working on it. What else? KONO: Got something. ( suspenseful theme playing) MAN: Well, he came to services every Sunday, even in the boondocks. And then after services, he'd talk about his wife and kids. He had two. When you write to them, you might send them that. I think they should have it. Thanks, McGarrett. Would you know what he was doing on Hotel Street this afternoon? I suppose what they all do, try to unwind. How? Women? Booze? No. Those weren't his things. He liked to gamble, though. Once I saw him throw 11 passes in a row. Almost broke the barracks. Was dice his game? A game was his game. Does that tell you anything, McGarrett? Yeah, but I need to know more. What about his friends? Oh, he had a hundred of 'em. But there was only one close one, though. Private Jerry Franklin? Yeah. My name is Steve McGarrett, Jerry. I'm with Five-0, state police. The chaplain said I could probably find you here. Something happen to my wife? Your wife? I've been waiting for her to come in from the mainland. I-I'm worried. Is that why you're here? No. No, it's about Joe Crewes. Oh, sure. That's really great, isn't it? Really great. We just come in from Nam, him and me. Gonna live a little now in Honolulu. Well, I sit here waiting for a wife who doesn't even show. And Joe... is dead. I'm sorry, Jerry. When was the last time you saw him? Well, 2, maybe 3:00. He said, "Come on, Jerry, let's do Hotel Street, one end to the other. First class all the way." That's expensive. He only had $25 in his wallet when he was found. Well, he was gonna get 175. He won it on a numbers ticket, was gonna cash it in. He was gonna cash it? Did you see the ticket? Yeah. Do you remember the number? I was worried about my wife, wondering why she wasn't on the bus. What about the color? Was it red, green, black? I don't remember. Well, try to think, Jerry. It might give us a lead to your buddy's killer. Green, maybe. I'm just not sure, Mr. McGarrett. McGARRETT: He was holding a winning ticket. The ticket color was green. Does that mean something? Numbers, Mr. Lo, numbers. Or haven't you heard about numbers? I run a nightclub, Mr. McGarrett. A respectable place for rest and relaxation. Why should I know anything about rackets? Cards on the table, Mr. Lo. We both know you're in numbers. We both know your runners use green tickets. Is that an accusation? A statement of fact. Fact is something that can be proven. And we can prove it. But right now I wanna know why that serviceman was killed. If what you say is true... If a serviceman was killed involving a numbers payoff. Surely you wouldn't believe that I could be involved in such a... A penny-ante game. Maybe not you. But somebody from your organization, yes. And you'd better turn him over fast before you find yourself involved as an accessory after the fact. This has been very amusing, Mr. McGarrett. But obviously a total waste of time. Murder is hardly a waste of time, Mr. Lo. (knock on door) There's an attorney outside, says he represents Mr. Lo. Has a writ for his release. Tell him Mr. Lo will be right out. Thank you, Mr. McGarrett. It's kind of you to let me go. Oh, by the way, if you'd care to send the name and address of the dead serviceman to my bookkeeper, George Barker... You mean your enforcer, George Barker. I like to keep the record straight. As I said, I run a legitimate business, Mr. McGarrett. I need no enforcer. At any rate, my organization would like to make a donation to the bereaved family of the serviceman. (band playing slow-paced jazz music) How would you like to buy me a drink? Why not? (band playing slow Hawaiian theme) (clicks tongue) Oh, knock it off, Lo. In my office. That's for my discomfort with McGarrett, little brother. Now we will discuss another little problem. The last bag you picked up was short. Almost $600. Look, I just run it, I don't book it. Why lay it on me? Why? There was $200 missing from the take before that. You're getting to be an expensive messenger boy. I wouldn't steal from my own brother. For this you would. Junkie, you told me you were off the stuff. I pay my own way. How? With a hundred-dollar-a-day habit, how do you pay your own way? I steal from you, big brother. That's what you said. And when you don't steal from me? I have my own sources. Are you on R and R, soldier? Yeah. I just got in 48 hours ago. How do you like Honolulu? I don't. But, uh, maybe you can change my mind. It's been known to happen. You're awful pretty, you know? Your wife must be very pretty too. I thought about taking the ring off. Hey, don't worry about it. It doesn't bother me. MR. LO: You been booking on the side, John? What if I have? How do you pay off when you lose? By putting a knife on the servicemen? No more, John. I'm warning you. Don't warn me. Give me. Be a little generous with your kid brother. I'll be generous with you when you can prove you're off that stuff. There is no room in this organization for a junkie-turned-killer. Had a buddy killed around here this afternoon. Hey, 25th Infantry, that's right. We went through 12 months of hell together. Never mind, Jerry. The cops were all over the place. They'll find who did it. I'd sure like to find him first. What do you think you'd do? What do you think I'd do? Hey, hey, hey, you better take it easy on that stuff. I may want you to take me home. Oh, yeah? Well, all right. We'll talk about it. I'll be back in a minute. (indistinct chatter) Yeah? Irene, where are you? I'm on the job, Georgie, or should I say, jobs. You drunk? Yeah, a teeny-weeny eeny bit. Don't get cute with me. Lo pays you 100 dollars a week to drink. I'd pay you 150 not to. You can't see or hear anything under the table, Irene. Oh, Georgie, honey, you're loosing your cool. Grab hold of yourself. Lo finds out you're on my team, we're finished. Hey, listen, you. I am very careful, and I am very helpful. I think you can take care of the job tonight. You found a setup? Yeah, a friend of the soldier who was killed today. But I have to get him out of here while he can still walk. You just improved our employee-employer relationship, baby. Listen, Georgie, baby, when it's all over... I'll have a finger in every racket in the islands. Yeah, what about me? Like I told you, baby, uh, we'll play it by ear. ( ominous theme playing) Okay, kid, beat it. Irene's trying to set it up for tonight at the beach house. Tato, a nice clean job that comes off, I'd buy you a hundred pairs of shoes and your own shoeshine boy. JERRY: ♪ On a Saturday night We got married ♪ ♪ Me and my wife settled down ♪ ♪ But now me and my wife Are parted ♪ BOTH: ♪ I'm gonna take A little trip downtown ♪ (giggles) BOTH: ♪ Irene ♪ ♪ Good night, Irene ♪ ♪ Irene, good night ♪ ♪ Good night, Irene ♪ ♪ Good night, Irene ♪ ♪ I'll see you in my dreams ♪ (both laughing) ♪ Irene, good night, Irene ♪ ♪ Irene, good night ♪ ♪ Good night, Irene ♪ ♪ Good night, Irene ♪ ♪ See you in my dreams ♪ How you like that tune? That's beautiful, Jerry. Now, watch your step. Music to pass out by. I don't think you'll make another chorus. ♪ Irene, good night, Irene ♪ ♪ Irene, good night ♪ ♪ Good night, I... ♪ I-I've gotta get back to the, uh, fort in time to meet the first bus. Now, don't you worry about a thing. I will have you back in time. ( upbeat surf theme playing) ( ominous theme playing) (gunshots, Irene screams) ( upbeat surf theme playing) Philip Lo, huh? Danno. What do we got, Danno? This was found clutched in Philip Lo's hand. Jerry Franklin. He didn't show at the fort this morning. They got an APB out on him. Time of death established? Not yet. Anybody hear a shot? See anything? Kono and Chin are checking the neighborhood. Why would he come here? Why would he kill Lo? You said you were worried about Franklin getting into trouble. Trouble, not murder. What does it look like, George? Looks like Lo and the GI struggled, then Franklin shot him. And you figured this was ripped off sometime during the struggle? Could very well be. Not much to go on when you're talking about a first-degree murder rap. The kid just got back from Vietnam. What's the motive? His best friend was murdered. I don't buy it. Thank you. Anything? The service-station attendant down the road said a GI came in to use the phone about 6 this morning, just as he was opening for business. GI? Get a description? No, the attendant said he was too busy. But he saw the patch, 25th Infantry. Okay, there's an APB out on Franklin. But I want him first. It's your bag, Chin. But there must be a thousand places a guy could hide out. Well, you've got a thousand relatives. Use 'em. Kono, check your informers. I wanna know everything they have on John Lo and George Barker. Numbers two and three men in the Philip Lo organization. Right now, they're one and two. That may add up to something. Danno, find out about Lo's private life, especially women, and this beach house. I wanna know when he bought it, why he bought it, and if he occupied it alone. Bits and pieces, Steve. What are you really after? We've got an iceberg, Danno. Two homicides and a wanted GI on the surface. Below? Maybe the answer to making Hawaii safe for every GI on R and R. Hello, Mr. McGarrett. Sol. What'll you have? A little information. If it's got anything to do with the boss's murder, I, uh, don't like to talk of the dead. I'm superstitious. Okay, we'll talk about the living. And I never gossip. Good, I can use some facts, not gossip. I'm looking for a GI. Could have been in here last night, drinking. That fits the description of half the guys that come in here. Well, this kid was aching to get loaded: 21 years old, 5 feet 9, 10, dark hair, medium build, wore the Purple Heart and a combat badge. Private first-class, 25th Infantry. Ring a bell? Oh, yeah, yeah, I remember him. He was bombed. How bombed was he? Look, I don't have time to give these guys the balloon test. Could he walk? Barely. That means he couldn't drive a car, right? This guys couldn't have even held the wheel. If it's the same guy I'm talkin' about, he couldn't even read the check. If it wasn't for Irene, he'd still be under the table. Irene? Who's Irene? Park, she works here. And they left together? If she had hiccupped, he'd have fallen down. Where is she now? Girl like that, who knows? Make a guess. Your guess will be as good or bad as mine. What else, Sol? That's all of it, Mr. McGarrett. Except for one thing. What's that? Where do I find Irene? ( dramatic theme playing) All right, sun goddess, roll over. You're done on that side. Hi, Georgie. Couldn't pick a tougher place to find? Well, since I haven't seen you in so long, I figured you might like to meet in a place where we could be alone. Cut the jazz. I'm in no mood to play games. You got something to say, say it. I'm busy. You're busy. You know, Georgie, I get a very strong feeling you're trying to use me. Baby, you were used a long time before I ever met you. You go to... Irene, stop with the cuteness. We're taking a chance being seen together. Yeah. Better with you than McGarrett. He went to the club, and he's been asking questions. Nothing to get worried about. So the bartender told him you were with the kid? Yeah. Your story was you left the GI in the parking lot he went his way, you went yours. All right, I'll try and sell him on that. But the bartender also said that there's been someone trying to call me. No names, no messages? No, it's gotta be the soldier. Can you blame him? The kid's sweatin'. Yeah, so am I. What if McGarrett finds him and ties me in? No chance. He won't be around long enough to talk to McGarrett. Yeah, well, even so, Georgie, I think it's time that Irene baby takes a little vacation. Look, you disappear now and McGarrett makes a connection. You hang around, big as life, understand? ( dramatic theme playing) ( dramatic theme playing) Where is he now, Tato? He just went into a fleabag. 1153 Maunakea. Okay. Now, if he moves, don't lose him. Want me to take care of him now? He'll be taken care of, but not by you. Don't let him out of your sight. ( dramatic theme playing) Laurie... What happened? Where are you? I need you. I need you. I need you. I need you. (rings) Yeah? May I please speak to Irene Park? Oh, it's you again. I told you she's not here. Eight o'clock, understand? You're driving me nuts, pal. Please, i-is there some place I can reach her? Really, i-it's terribly important. Please. I told you we don't give out the girls' phone numbers. If you wanna leave a message, okay. Otherwise, I'm busy. ( suspenseful theme playing) ( dramatic theme playing) Now, look, kid. Between the soldier looking for you, and McGarrett coming in here asking questions, you better be careful. Miss Park? My name is Williams. Save it. Oh, man, this place is drawing cops like flies. Good reason. What were you doing at the beach last night? Oh, you come on very strong. A woman was seen driving away early this morning. Well, I think that there are other women on the island, or haven't you heard? But you're the only woman who was Philip Lo's girlfriend. Don't make me laugh. Philip Lo was old enough to be my father. And generous enough to buy the place for you as a gift. Oh, you dabble in real estate too. Okay, he bought me a house. But you see, I wasn't at the house last night. Philip used the house whenever he liked. Hey, for a cop, you're kind of cute. Let me buy you a drink. Save it. You were with Private Franklin last night. Yes. And others. Hey, look, I have nothing to hide. Otherwise, why would I be hanging around here, waiting for jokers like you to roust me? You're smart enough to know if you ran, we'd make a connection. That I killed Philip Lo? If you didn't, you know who did, and you know why. The newspapers said that Private Franklin killed him. You know, with this line of yours, you could really make me dislike you. Wait a few hours, then you can really hate me. ( dramatic theme playing) I'll call in. Tell the boss the guy in the clothing store identified Franklin. He must be holed up in a block somewhere. Hold it, Kono. Over there. Name's Tato. He's a torpedo for Barker. What's he doing here? Well, let's find out. Tato. I know you? Five-0. Take him in, Kono. I'll check out the hotels. What were you doing on Maunakea Street? I told you five or six times, I was getting my shoes shined. Your boss Barker sent you down there. Why? Barker who? Steve, it matches. Lo was killed by a bullet from Tato's gun. Okay, Tato, what about it? I got rights, McGarrett. From now on, I don't talk. Kono, get him outta here. So where are we now, Steve? Catching up fast, Danno. Tato worked for Barker, Philip Lo was killed. Now Barker's number two in Lo's organization. Gives us motive. What about Jerry Franklin? Could be a setup. If Irene Park was working both sides of the fence with Barker and Lo, Private Franklin is the perfect patsy for the Lo killing. Makes sense. Barker is quite an enterprising young man. He's a real success story. His rise from a two-bit torpedo to number-two man, in one of the biggest gambling establishments in the islands. And when you're number two, you try a little harder. Right now, there's only one punk between Barker and the top spot. John Lo. Yeah. Little brother John Lo. (singing in foreign language) (chanting) (bell chimes) (birds chirping) Didn't get a chance before, John. Can't tell you how sorry I am. Sorry for what, old buddy? Your brother Philip's dead. Or don't you know what just went on out here? I got the message. Loud and clear. Big brother got it, and now little Johnny's riding the king's seat. Little John's riding high, all right. How many pops did you have, Johnny? Two? Three? Just enough, old buddy. Just enough. The road ahead is clean and clear and lined with gold all the way. Meaning you're moving into the number-one spot in the organization? You know, Georgie. Little John's number one, hm? Georgie's number two. Or maybe you're thinking different, pal. I'm thinking you're never gonna make it. Don't give me the hard lines, Georgie. I'm moving up. If the boys buy you, maybe. What's to buy? Who else is there? You? No, no sweat from me. I'm happy where I am. Then what are you giving me, Georgie? It's what you're giving us. A boss who was an errand boy for his brother and a junkie on top of it. They got no choice. It's gotta be me. If you can prove it. Prove what? How? Somebody just killed your brother. Who? The soldier. Who else? What are you gonna about it? What's to do? You gotta get him, John. Ah, come off it, pal. That's for the fuzz. Wrong. That's for the man that wants to fill his brother's shoes. If you can't do it, then they won't buy you. Get the boy in khaki, huh? Yeah, sure. That's it. Only I gotta find the jerk first. Done. Where? JOHN: Sure, that's the answer. ( suspenseful theme playing) ( dramatic theme playing) There it is, Steve. The lab says the blood stains on it match the same type as Private Crewes. What about John Lo? He's sweating it out in the tank. Only a matter of time before he cracks. Look, Irene, he says if you don't take this call, he's gonna walk right in here. And he sounds crazy enough to do it. Hello. Irene? It's Private Franklin. Yeah, where are you? In a phone booth a couple of miles from the club. Irene, I've gotta talk to you. You've gotta help me. Hey, n-now, you take it easy, soldier. Take it easy? Every cop in town is looking for me. Irene, you know I didn't kill anyone. I passed out a-a-and... Now, look. We can't talk about it on the phone. Well, we've gotta talk about it some way. I'm innocent, Irene, a-and you can help me prove it. Yeah, well, listen, you can't come to the club. Hotel Street is just swarming with cops. Please, Irene. All right, Jerry, listen. Do you know where the Kapiolani Park is in Waikiki? No, but I-I can find it. All right, now, look. It's... It's just past 3. I'll meet you there at 5:00 in the park. Where? It's the outside theater, and it's called the Shell. John Lo killed Crewes. Tato killed Philip Lo, right? Two homicides down. And with Barker looking for him, Franklin could make three. Why don't we put Barker on ice? Tato was his boy. John Lo keeps screaming the only reason he went after Franklin is because Barker pushed him into it. He may lead us to the kid. Besides, I want Barker for the whole ball of wax. With him out of the way, so are numbers for a while, and pushers will have to look around for another source of supply. (intercom buzzes) Hello. Yeah, put him on. Yes, chaplain, what can I do for you? When? Good, good. Thank you, sir, for letting me know. Yes, I will. That was Chaplain Anderson. He just heard from Laurie Franklin, Private Franklin's wife. She's due in tomorrow. We gotta find that GI before Barker does. Wait a minute. I got an idea. Pick up Irene Park. All right, now, you listen to me and listen good. The take at the Lunalilo was only 11 thou. I want those numbers pushed, and I want them pushed hard. There's 10,000 GI's in this town, and every mother's son is carrying back pay. I want more than we're getting. You're a pig, Georgie. You've got more dough rolling in from numbers, pushers and prosties than you know what to do with it. I came from a poor background, I'm insecure, okay? Now, what stupidity brought you here? Georgie, take it easy. How can I? I'll bet today's take McGarrett's followed you here. You're stupid. Hey, Georgie, come on. You do that again... Look, I tried to call you, you were out. I had to come here. The soldier contacted me. Where? Where is he? He's on the run, scared. Now, look, if they catch him alive, he's gonna talk. Georgie, I've set him up. How? I'm gonna meet him at the Shell, 5:00. That's two hours. He'll be met all right. But not by you. Yeah, well, you better take care of it, Georgie, because his story could bury us. Yeah, get... Beat it. Miss Park. I think we've met before. Hey, what does it take, a court order to get you fuzz out of my hair? You got more than cops bugging you. Or do you shoot pool every afternoon? Hey, what are you arresting me for? Suspicion of murder in the death of Philip Lo. ( ominous theme playing) ( dramatic theme playing) All right, I'll ask you again. Private Franklin, where is he? I want the truth. I don't know, I told you. Nothing but lies. Please, I'm so tired. Okay, we begin again. Oh, no. Yes. Barker was a long shot but you figured he'd take over the rackets so you cast your lot with him. Look, I don't know what you're talking about. When the chips were down, you helped kill for him. Look, you can't pin this on me. You're pinning it on yourself. You drove that kid out to the house and set him up for the Lo killing. No, no. Tato admitted killing Lo. Look, what do you want from me? What do you want? I wanna know where Private Franklin is, and I want you to tell us he was framed. Irene, look... if you go the full route, you'll rot for 20 to 30 years. Cooperate. Turn state's evidence. Maybe the prosecutor will put a word in for you with the court. You're an attractive woman. Do you know what you'll look like when you get out of prison in 20 to 30 years? Think about it. Now, where is Jerry Franklin? ( dramatic theme playing) Franklin! Stand still, baby, you're not going anywhere. Where's Irene? Come off it, soldier, you can't be that square. What's that supposed to mean? Who do you think set you up in the first place? Irene. Sweet Irene. You're lyin'. And you're stupid. ( fast-paced theme playing) (siren wailing) (gunshot) Drop it. You're under arrest for murder. Book him, Danno. ( dramatic theme playing) Jerry. Easy. It's all right, kid. It's all right. It's all over. I, uh... I never got a chance to thank you guys for saving my life. Well, you'll be back in action in a couple of weeks, so let's call it even, huh? What are you waiting for, soldier? ( mellow theme playing) ( upbeat surf theme playing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 