Hawaii Five-O: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hawaii Five-O 
 s1e4 - Samurai - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Five-O (1968–1980): Season 1, Episode 4 - Samurai - full transcript 
 The primary witness before a grand jury investigating a Hawaiian crime figure dies suddenly on the stand. At the same time, assassins from Japan are trying to kill the accused criminal. Five-O has to figure out the accused man's secret and why killers from Japan are after him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( traditional Japanese theme playing) (both chanting) ( vibrant theme playing) Uh, Mr. Tokura, would you kindly look this way? There are rumors Steve McGarrett's going to produce a surprise witness against you. Any comment? Any witness Mr. McGarrett and his state police unit produce will be against me. Then you know about the surprise witness? I know Mr. McGarrett. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What about the attorney general's charge that you're head of organized crime in Hawaii? I've been charged before. Everything from, uh, double-parking to fixed cockfights. We're all aware of that, sir. But the question is... Then perhaps you are also aware of the fact that I am head of Tokura Imports, a legitimate business? Tokura Imports, period. (crowd screaming) He's shot! (gunshots) All hell's broken loose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 COMMENTATOR: Tokura's all right. Mr. Tokura, what just happened here? Who did it? (sighs): Did what? Please, gentlemen. Please. I mustn't keep the Crime Commission waiting. Ladies and gentlemen, a most incredible series of events has just taken place in this crowded courthouse. Mr. Tokura, surrounded by his bodyguards, apparently shot to death by an assassin. The assassin shot down as he tried to escape, then Tokura all right. ( upbeat surf theme playing) ( dramatic theme playing) Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? I do. Mr. Tokura, I should like to take the liberty of assuming that as an intelligent and well-read man, one who has been a resident of these islands for many years, you're not totally unaware of the reason why this hearing is being held. It is an investigation into the nature of, and the personalities involved in, the major areas of crime in our state of Hawaii. We have some questions to propound to you, Mr. Tokura. And we intend to get the answers to them. Your compliance and cooperation would be most deeply appreciated. Mr. Tokura, do you know a certain William Boroff, alias Willy Brown, alias...? I respectfully refuse to answer on the grounds of possible self-incrimination. Mr. Tokura, may I finish, please? I did not mean to interrupt counsel. There are two more aliases, one of which just might ring a bell. TOKURA: I promise to listen very carefully. ATTORNEY GENERAL: Alias Thomas Grable... Steve, something's very wrong. ATTORNEY GENERAL: alias William Rhodes. Have you ever known anyone...? She was fine all morning, till about a half an hour ago. I've sent for a doctor. Mary? You just relax, I'll ask for a postponement. No, I've waited long enough. I wanna testify. You sure? I have to. I have to. I respectfully refuse to answer on the grounds of possible self-incrimination. Senator Harada, at this time I would like to interrupt the questioning of Mr. Tokura in order to present to the commission a very important witness for the state. Very well, counsel. Call your next witness. The committee now calls Miss Mary Travers. HARADA: Is the witness present? Is the witness, Mary Travers, present? I promise I'll be all right. You're a lot better than all right, lady. CLERK: Would you raise your right hand, please? Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? I do. Full name, Mary Ellen Travers? Yes. From January 1967 through July 1967, will you tell us the name of your employer? From January... Maybe it's just nerves. Up to a few hours ago, she was fine. Well, you were employed as a bookkeeper for Mr. Tokura, were you not? I was employed. I worked for him. ATTORNEY GENERAL: Would you briefly outline your responsibilities? My responsibilities? Well, you were one of several bookkeepers and accountants, were you not? Oh, yes. Is it not true that the... That the nature of Mr. Tokura's bookkeeping system made it impossible for any one bookkeeper to get a complete picture of his operation? I... I am sorry. ATTORNEY GENERAL: For a period of time, you had absolutely no knowledge of the kinds of business which your employer operated, did you? No, I... I had no idea. And until one day, quite accidentally, you were handed a set of books, secret books, which revealed your employer's interest in such things as narcotics, prostitution... Object. Counsel will refrain from leading his witness. Now, Miss Travers, will you kindly tell us in your own words what you believe to be pertinent to this investigation? Uh, suppose we start: morning, April 7th, 1967. I-I'm sorry, I... When you reported for work the morning April 3rd, 1967, you... I'm sorry, you'll have... You'll have to excuse me. ( dramatic theme playing) She's dead. How!? How did they get to her? How did they do it? How do I know? Well, you should know, you're a cop. It was your job to protect her, to keep her alive. Your job. I put you in charge. You want me to say I blew it? All right, I blew it, I blew it! Look, Steve, I was with her every second. And when I wasn't there, Chin Ho or Kono was. Nothing, nobody got close to her. The food she ate, one of us tasted it first. If she wanted a candy bar out of a machine, I took the first bite! Sorry, Danno. Think I got something, Steve. Go. The guy who hit Tokura yesterday, Japanese passport issued last week. Gives his occupation as a factory foreman. We checked it out with the Tokyo police. Factory foreman comes 3,000 miles to kill Tokura? Why? What else? Got here yesterday on Flight 906 from Japan. Went right to the courthouse, didn't even bother to check into a hotel. No, doesn't figure. Let's do a rundown on friend Tokura, huh? Go ahead, Danno. Born stateside, San Francisco. Family. One daughter living in Honolulu, strictly jet-set. Wife, deceased. Any link to Japan? Nothing. Now, an attempted murder, then a murder. Any connection? For openers, all doc's been able to give us is her heart stopped beating. We don't even know for certain it was murder. She was murdered. What do you got? A big fat goose egg. The lab came up clean. No prints? Nothing. However, we do have here one Japanese Nambu. Eight millimeter. Common. One knife, not common at all. Also Japanese. ( action theme playing) (tires screeching) (gunshots) Last batch, boss. Report from H.P.D. Broad daylight hit on Piikoi. Professionals with shotguns. Killed two enforcers. According to report, practically cut 'em in half. Tokura didn't wait very long, did he? Nope. You want us to arrest him? Not yet, we gotta prove it. Let me try something. (buzzes) Hawaii Five-0. One moment, please. It's the Man. Governor? Yes, sir. Yes, on my way. These depositions, you've got to si... Go right in, McGarrett. He's waiting for you. Thanks, Milly. Sit down, Steve. (sighs) There's terrible violence in our land. In our state. It has to be stopped. The hit on Piikoi? Yes. Your sources are fast and accurate. Not too much happens around here that I don't know about. I believe it. Tokura? Well, sir, I don't like to prejudge a man, but that's the way we figure it. Can you prove it? The way Tokura operates? Not a chance. What happened, Steve? You had a witness. An airtight case. How did he get off the hook? Well, give me a couple of days and I'll let you know. I don't know now, sir. Precisely what the attorney general said. I told him that's not good enough. Now, I'm telling you, that's not good enough, Steve. Steve, you and Five-0 have done a superb job for this state. And I'm on record. One of the smartest moves I've made during my tenure as governor is to select you as head of our state police unit. But this violence, this killing, must be stopped. Tokura has to be brought to justice. It has to be done. Yes, sir. Please keep me informed. Very well, sir. Steve. Thank you. ( vibrant theme playing) Five-0. Open. You made one big fat mistake, Tokura. Your muscle wiped out the wrong heavies. A rather puzzling observation, Mr. McGarrett. Those two gambling goons your boys knocked off, they didn't write the contract on you outside the hearing room. This was responsible. Samurai, ancient order of Japanese knighthood, fanatic principles of honor. The code of Bushido. Very enlightening. But, uh, may I ask what this has to do with me, Mr. McGarrett? Well, we found this on the guy who ventilated your suit. Now, take a look. Nice slender blade. Makes it easy for a Bushido to gut himself when he fails on a mission. You know, honorable tradition. Then another Bushido comes, and another and another, till the mission's accomplished. Always is. Level with me, Tokura. Why are they after you? I'm the only one who can help you. How touching. I am sure you stay up nights finding new ways to help me. Yeah, I'll help you right into Oahu prison. But in order to get you there, I've gotta keep you alive. To get me there, McGarrett, you have to dig up, so to speak, another witness. By the way, how did the poor girl die? She was murdered. Poisoned? While in your custody? Why, that is absolutely shocking. Nobody said anything about poisoned. You did say she was murdered. And since I heard no shots, saw no knife wounds, I assumed poor Miss Travers had been poisoned. Ah, clever. Ah, but here I am helping you and, uh, you came here to help me. How would you keep me alive, Mr. McGarrett? We're state police. Five-0 operate with the local police units on all seven islands. We can seal airports, harbors. We can make certain that no more of those hatchet men set foot in Hawaii. Key men reassigned. Thousands of dollars spent and all for me. How very generous of you, Mr. McGarrett. I'm always generous, especially to people who, uh, volunteer information. Such as? Narcotics, gambling, prostitution, the book. By the way, Tokura, what goes for you in Japan? Very well, Mr. McGarrett. About, uh, Japan. Quite recently, I saw an excellent Fu Manchu movie. (all laugh) That's Chinese, no? So it is. Wrong again. And, uh, if you have paid more than 2.95 for that poor imitation samurai knife, you were shamelessly cheated. I suggest you call the police. (all laugh) Ah. Just give me the punch line, Papa-san. My most exquisite daughter, may I present Mr. Steve McGarrett, illustrious head of Five-0, and one of the great unsung comics of our time. My daughter, Deedee. If you have pressing affairs elsewhere, Mr. McGarrett, we will quite understand. As a matter of fact, I have. I'm about to order a medal for the next Bushido who comes to chop you down. ( dramatic theme playing) Well, McGarrett? McGARRETT: Crystals? Go. Poisoned? Clever cop. I can't believe it. We were with her every minute. Every drop of water, every bite of food... The murder weapon. Mary Travers' lipstick. Tasteless, odorless, deadly. Tridectine? Newer. Procnine derivative. No known antidote. And you know where we got Mary Travers' cosmetics? In her desk in Tokura's office. This figures. I offered Tokura a deal. Price just went up, now it's murder. How? So far we haven't been able to make a traffic ticket stick. First-degree murder, I promise you. Thanks, doc. (yells) ( dramatic theme playing) Okay, Tokura, you hollered cop. What do you want? I made him call you, Mr. McGarrett. Made him. I said if he didn't ask for police protection... Don't, Deedee, don't. I'd shoot him myself and end the waiting. Or now that you're here, why don't you shoot him? Don't, baby, don't. Mr. McGarrett couldn't make his case in court, so he's going to stand around with his hands in his pockets until they get Tokura. Guilty or innocent, this upright lawman couldn't care less. Look, spare me, huh? Spare me, Tokura. By the way, I should thank you for helping us solve the Mary Travers murder. She was poisoned, just as you guessed. Somebody planted it in her lipstick. One we found in her desk in your office. Would have killed her instantly anytime, only she never used the lipstick till the day of the hearing. Another case you can't prove in court, Mr. McGarrett. We'll prove it. Then you'll have to keep him alive, won't you? Why don't you get some sun? You've been looking rather pale these days. Why does the Bushido want you dead? I have never known a Bushido. I have never done anything to offend the Japanese. You're wasting my time, Tokura. Mr. McGarrett. I swear to you that I am telling the truth. All right, we'll find out. Born in San Francisco, right? On Fillmore Street. Came to Hawaii when? 1939. Almost two years to the day before Pearl Harbor. What did you do when you got here? I worked, Mr. McGarrett. Twelve, 13 hours a day in the sugar fields. Then came the war. And the order that all Japanese are to be interned. It didn't matter that you were American-born and bred. After Pearl Harbor, you were a Jap. An Army truck came to pick me up at the farmhouse where I had a room. And there, I jumped out a window in back of the house, and ran cross-country through the fields, two soldiers running after me. I got away. To where? A point near Koko Head. I waited until dark, then I stole a boat and slipped through the Navy patrol to Molokai. Big caves in that island. Lots of pineapple, plenty of fish in the water. And after the war, you went into business, Tokura Imports. Dealers in refugees, women, drugs and gambling, huh? You never give up, do you? Never. Any of your various business enterprises take you to Japan? No. Look, you level with me, Tokura. I swear to you that I have never been in Japan in my life. Stay down. (gunshot) You go that way. You go this way. Get down. Get behind that wall. Get up the hill, both of you. Go. TOKURA: McGarrett! McGarrett! Help! Help, McGarrett! Bushido! Stay down. My God. No. Dad! (screaming) Stay back. Don't touch that body. DEEDEE: Oh, no. Easy. DEEDEE: Oh, no. Easy now. Steve? Finished. Ain't pretty. A shotgun looking down his throat, didn't figure it'd be pretty. Any prints? Got whatever there was. Okay, load him up. Airport and harbors sealed. Nobody gets off the rock without our getting a close look. Did you check Tokura's story? Born in San Francisco, he came to Hawaii in '39, like he said. What about internment records? None. How about trips to Japan? Checked with State Department and with Immigration. Tokura's never been outside the U.S. Check, check and double check. Yet the Bushido put him on their death list. Why? Kono. Yo. I want Tokura's mug shots and prints telephotoed to Tokyo police. And send a set to the FBI. Ask them to check for an alias. What do you got, Steve? Hunch. Come on, give. All right. Tokura alive, his ring fits so tight, he can't even twist it. Tokura dead, they move the body and it slides off. May, what's the biggest coffeepot in the building? Twenty-two cups. Steal it. But it's in the governor's office. Steal it. Done. Thanks. Four-ninety-five. What's that? This girl I met from Cleveland. (whistles) Kumu. Really nice, just one catch. Always is. She wants me to teach her the hula. (phone buzzes) McGarrett. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, thank you. FBI, that check through to Washington, nothing. No alias, nothing. Now it's up to Tokyo. So I gave her lesson number one. And she says, "Not realistic, brother. Next time put on a hula skirt." Like it's hanging next to the cashmere jacket. So where do I get a hula skirt? I head down for Kalakaua Avenue, picked one up for 4.95. I hope there's a punch line. Four-ninety-five, like for a hunk of plastic made in Hong Kong. Mr. McGarrett. Mr. McGarrett, cablegram, Tokyo police. Thanks, May. "Photos and fingerprints sent this office "under the name Tokura. "Identification made positive. "Name of subject, S. Yamashito, lieutenant, Imperial Navy. "Served on board kamikaze submarine, Pearl Harbor, 1942. Killed in action." ( fanfare theme playing) Five-0. Yes, sir. Still goldbricking, eh, chief? Come down to re-enlist again, huh, commander? With that honey-barge chow you serve? Not a chance. Have some diesel oil. Thanks. You were here during the hit on Pearl in '41, huh? You know it. Remember those two-man subs, those midgets, they tried to sneak through the nets at Pearl? Suicide subs, sure. Small enough to get through the nets, enough firepower to sink a destroyer. How many torpedoes they carry? Two. But at point-blank range, who could miss? Remember one who was, uh, raised off Molokai a couple of years ago? Wire services and magazines played it up big. Remember it very well. You know, the torpedoes in that baby were never fired. How come? I think we found the answer in the chart room. A skeleton with its head bashed in. Collision? Could be. But I've always doubted it. You see, there was only one skeleton, commander, and those were two-man submarines. Thanks, chief. Still hasn't changed. Tommy. Deedee. Sit down. This is gonna come as a shock. What I'm gonna say may seem impossible, but I want you to hear it anyway because I'm 99 percent sure that I'm right. Yes? I think your father's still alive, Deedee. Alive? That's what I think. But how? We saw... We saw a man killed in your father's house. Face blown apart. He was your father's build, wore your father's clothes. Only one thing didn't fit, not even close. His ring. Deedee, you don't even know your father's real name. He was a Japanese naval officer. He abandoned his submarine during the war, lived in a cave on Molokai. This sounds like a nightmare. We think he found somebody else in that cave. A young Japanese-American hiding from U.S. internment. The real Tokura. What happened to him is anybody's guess. But this much we know. You know? Yeah. After the war, your father came back to Honolulu and assumed Tokura's name and identity. He went into business, married your mother. Then some scuba divers found a submarine. It was raised. An international magazine did a story on it, the Bushido picked it up. Figured out what happened. Even after all that time? Deedee, your father knew there was only one way to escape. Make them think he was already dead. But he needed a witness for that. A reliable witness. One who could testify he saw your father dead. Who better than me, head of Five-0? I was his pigeon. And somebody who looked like your father, somebody whose name we may never know, was murdered right over there. No. That's why he changed his will at the last minute, left instructions to be cremated immediately. You're sick, Mr. McGarrett. You'll mourn for a couple of weeks, then you'll go to Europe to forget. With the help of 2 or $3 million until he's ready to turn up and take it away from you. My father loved me. Sure he did. But he loved himself more. Whatever. Whatever. My father would never hurt me. Never. Not for all the money in the world. How much would you bet on that, Deedee? What do you mean? Would you bet a million dollars that I'm wrong about your father? Yes. Yes, Mr. McGarrett, yes. Thank you for coming. I'm certain you all know Miss Tokura. I called this press conference because she has a statement to make that's of great import to the university. Miss Tokura? I know that giving money is not the best way to right a wrong, but wrongs have been done. At the moment, money is all I have to give toward righting them. And so I will start by donating in the memory of my father, Leonard Tokura, the sum of $1 million to the university. My father is dead. There are things I've just learned about him. Things that I want to make up for. My money's in the pot, Mr. McGarrett. Now what? We wait. ( mellow theme playing) Hi, boss. Hi, Chin. May left to have her hair done. Said she'll be home by 8 if you need her. Thank you. Come in when you get a chance, huh? Steve McGarrett, Five-0. Get me Mobile Unit 3, will you, please? Yeah, right away. Danno, anything? Not a thing, Steve. I've hit the shops on Kalakaua Avenue, took a little spin up up Hibiscus Drive. Right now, it looks like a two-hour wait outside the Japanese theater on Mauna Kea. Why don't you get one of the H.P.D. boys to spare you for a while? I may do that. Probably grab a bite and head for the jail. See if they picked up anybody interesting in that narco raid on Hotel Street. Give me a call when you're through. I'll pick you up at the theater or H.P.D. Right. How do you figure the odds on your Tokura bet? I'll let you know. Only one thing worries me. What's that? Bushido. What about 'em? Well, I don't know very much about this samurai jazz, but if Tokura is dead, there's one member of his family who ain't. Do you think they might hit the girl? Like I said, I don't know about those kooks. Just thinking, that's all. We got a 24-hour guard on her, haven't we? We also had a 24-hour guard on Mary Travers. (phone buzzes) McGarrett. On my way. ( action theme playing) ( suspenseful theme playing) Deedee, it's all right. All right, my darling. Don't be afraid. I am not a ghost. I had meant to reveal myself to you in a less dramatic way. A letter from a mutual friend containing certain hints. Next, a visit from an emissary. Those were my plans. I am deeply sorry. I saw you on television. The gift to the college, most generous. Most foolish. But of course, you thought I was dead. You let me think it. The check, was it certified? If not, we still have time to stop it Monday morning. Well, was it? Was it certified or not? How could you? I said I was sorry. For days... Days, you let me think you were dead. It was the only way that I could live. Now, the check. Was it certified or not? It was not. Now, then, I'll be leaving in a moment. Here is what you must do. On Monday morning, stop the check. Then buy a ticket to Geneva on the first flight. When you get there, go to the Swiss Hotel and register under the name of Goro. Remember, Goro. I'll contact you there. No, Dad. Deedee, there is no time to waste. I'm not holding you here. What has gotten into you? The truth, Father. Maybe just a very small hunk of it. But enough to... Who told you? I needn't ask. Mr. McGarrett. It was Mr. McGarrett, wasn't it? He showed me how to have peace of mind for only a million dollars. A m... A m... A million dollars? The gift to the college was his idea? His idea. A trap for me. You helped him lay a trap for me. You're hurting me. I thank you, my daughter, from the bottom of my heart. Heart? What heart? Whatever you think, whatever I did, I did it for you. I wish you'd had at least enough dignity not to cop that plea. Deedee. Don't say anything else. Please. McGarrett! Looks like Tokura lost his bet. Not by much. All we could get him for was illegal entry. So far. She's not coming, Tokura. She will. She will. No matter how you've tried to poison her mind against me, she will say goodbye. Got a present for you. I am touched. A going-away present? It might be a fan from Hong Kong in appreciation of all you've done for these people. Or a tiki god carved of Hawaiian koa. A gesture of thanks for your contributions to these islands. Might even be a samurai knife. Aloha, baby. ( ominous theme playing) Bushido. Bushido. Yeah. And another and another and... McGarrett, McGarrett. Give me a break. Sure. Same break you gave Mary Travers, huh? You can't let them... You wanna make a bet? All right, all right, anything you want! The books, the entire operation. No deal. The price went up. Now it's murder. No capital punishment in Hawaii. All they can do is put you away for life. As I said: Aloha. I killed her! McGarrett! I killed Mary Travers! Get him, boys. ( triumphant theme playing) Beautiful snooker. Remind me never to bet against you. Confession is good for the soul. ( upbeat surf theme playing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 