Prime Suspect: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Prime Suspect 
 s1e11 - The Great Wall of Silence - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Prime Suspect (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Great Wall of Silence - full transcript 
 Jane heads to Chinatown to a Mahjong game gone wrong. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You know, you don't have to talk about what happened, Detective, or about how you feel. It's just, uh... The only mandatory thing here is your presence. I took a shower that morning at home, before I went to work, and I left my underpants on the floor in the bathroom. You know, my mom lives in the same building, different apartment, and she had my laundry basket. I mean, I would've put them in it, but she had it so... I left them there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And I'm in the woods, this guy's shooting at us, and I'm thinking... Whoever comes to my apartment after I'm dead to get my... effects... Is gonna see my underpants on the floor, and they're gonna think, "that's what he does. Who he is." I'm thinking, why did I leave them there? Stupid, right? Worrying about my dun-dun-dahs on the floor. I'm--I'm sorry, your what? My, you know... My briefs, you know? Dun-dun-dun-daaaah! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Detective Timoney. - Yes. Detective Velerio here. Witnesses are all here in the dining area, victim's in the basement. Basement stairs are that way. - Who called it in? - Anonymous. I hate that guy. Hey, there, miss Patty. Hey. Ooh. I hear male victim of homicide in a restaurant basement in Chinatown, I do not picture a white businessman. Well, .44 through the stomach and out through the spine, it looks like. We got a lot of little bits of bone on the floor, and the slug was in the wall. I.D.? Cell phone? - Right there. - You got it. - Lemme see the phone. - Yeah. Oh, we got a family man maybe. Hmm. James Paget is the family man's name. Lives off of 10th Avenue around near Manhattan Plaza. He eating here with his family, - or what? - They're not here if he was. So what's he doing down in this neighborhood? - Or down in this basement? - Well, although I don't know what he's doing down in this basement, they got a poker game here. On the second floor. Maybe he was here for that. By which you mean the type of poker game that seeks to advance and profit from unlawful gambling-- - Yeah. - Poker game? - Yeah. - Yeah. Man, if I had that kind of scratch, I'd be right up there with him. In a hypothetical world that is not this one, - because that would be illegal, Janie... - Come on. - Uh, prints and blood work. - Got it. Please. Wait. Do you hear that? Don't hear anything. Exactly. That seems not good. - What? - The hell happened? I talked to all the witnesses I could before everyone just left. Once he showed up, they couldn't get out of here fast enough. Who's he? Hello, there. I'm Detective Timoney. And you would be... Richard Zee-hoo, - Attorney at Law. - Close. Uh, Zhou, legal counsel to Mr. Ma. He's the owner of the restaurant. Uh-huh. Does Mr. Ma need legal counsel? I mean, I'll just tell you right up front, the first thing I'm gonna ask him is why there's a dead body in his basement. So that can't be too surprising. Well, my number's there, so... If you need to talk to Mr. Ma, of course I'll be happy to arrange for him to come to the precinct. Is there any other assistance I can offer at this time? Well, yes. I've been hearing as soon as you showed up, all of our potential witnesses took off. So did you say something to them perhaps? Oh, of course not. Now please excuse us, Detective. 'Course not... That's Richard Zhou? Never actually seen his face. Why, is he somebody? He's the lawyer for the president of the Pinyin Benevolent Association. George Lin. - Is he somebody? - In this neighborhood? He's the somebody. Well, okay, like... He's a mobster, or-- A benevolent mobster, apparently, Ev. Guys, it's ringing. Uh-uh-uh, no, no, no, no, please. Please, you answer it. If that's the wife and she hears my voice first, she's gonna think he's been having an affair, and it's a whole thing. Right, sure. My voice will just tell her he's dead. Yep. Hello. I just... Had this feeling. So--but we didn't call the police till midnight, and you're telling me he was dead by then. I don't--I'm sorry, I don't understand what happened to James. You said he was shot, but where? - Chinatown. - What--what does that mean? Where in Chinatown? What does that mean? Uh, in a building where they were running an illegal poker game, and... We're looking into whether your husband might have been one of the players. He wasn't. I don't know what he was doing there, but it wasn't that. So he didn't gamble at all. Not any more. Not for years. He did, though. And how many years is "not for years"? No, I am telling you he didn't do that any more. Okay, I-I always knew when he was lying before. - I would've known now. - Wait-- I'm sorry, what do you mean "lying about it"? You mean he'd fallen off the wagon before, started gambling again and tried to hide it from you? Is how I know it's different this time. What's, uh, Mr. Paget's partner's name again? Walt? Could you write down his name - and number for us, ma'am? - Listen to you. I am telling you that he was not down there for gambling, okay? Whyever he was down there, I don't know. It is your job to figure out another reason, isn't it? Okay? And he bet on horses. He hated cards. Horses was always his thing. He didn't wanna sit around with other people and talk to them when he bet, okay? And if he was gonna put us through that pain again, it wouldn't have been to play poker. No, please. He was such... It cannot be what it looks like. It's okay. Mrs. Paget, we're very sorry for your loss, and I promise you we're gonna look into everything that you told us--we are. But you also have to think about the possibility that we may come back with something that, uh... - You're not gonna wanna hear. - You won't. You won't. And i-i-if you do, it means you failed. Prime Suspect 01x11 "The Great Wall of Silence" Original airdate: December 22, 2011 Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com So between you and Mr. Paget, who did what around here? Well, I was basically the design guy. James did all the heavy lifting, and the approvals, the financing. You know, getting the building actually built. Did you see Mr. Paget - the night he was killed? - We were here. There was a zoning variance we were dealing with. And how late did it go till? Till about 8:00. Then I asked him if he wanted to grab a beer, and he said he couldn't, and I, uh... Something seem like it was going on with him, sir? - Is that it? - Look, I don't wanna be that person that says anything, 'cause that's not right with me. That doesn't seem right. Mr. Paget's wife had mentioned to us that he had had issues with gambling, sir. Look, I know James for 20-some-odd years, and it never infected anything that was going on around here. But it's an addiction, right? And it's something that you're born with. It never goes away completely. You got it for life. But he was doing really well for a long time. So I convinced myself that it was nothing. So whatcha thinking? I'm thinking that Mrs. Paget's not gonna be too happy with us. And, uh, I need to stop at the dry cleaners - before I forget. - Forget what? My dress for the, uh, racket. Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait. So not only am I getting a major award tonight, but you're gonna be wearing a dress while I do it? - Uh, yeah. - Whoo! - Short? - No. - Heels? - Yes. - Arms? - Maybe. Whoo, I like it. Detective of the month. It's just a plaque from the Retired Detectives' Association, so have some perspective, will you? Well, I'm gonna have it made into a belt buckle. So you get ready for that. - I bet you are. - Yup. Well, these are pretty delicious right here. Uh-huh. Zongzi. I'm glad you like them. Well, they're hitting the spot. What's in them? Mung bean paste fried with sugar. Which is why I shouldn't have asked. So Mr. Lin, sir, you do know about the murder on Baxter street? The restaurant basement? Yes. Terrible. Yeah, that's kind of how we felt when your lawyer, Richard Zhou, showed up and scared off all our witnesses. Scared them off? - Mm. - I am very sorry. That was not anyone's intention. Only that it's my responsibility to... Counsel the business people of this area. You see, tourism is our main industry, and trouble is bad for business. So that's all that was. Just your guy coming down to watch the restaurant owner's back. - Mm-hmm. - Okay. So if you are delighted to help us, which I believe you are, here's how: Why don't you send those witnesses down to the precinct so we can do our job? I wish I could. But what you're asking just doesn't seem possible. Well, then, guess I'll just have to think of something else. The police action happened last night around midnight-- - Turn it up. - Dozens of uniformed and plainclothes officers raided a well-known gambling parlor here in Chinatown. Details are sketchy, but residents who refuse to go on camera say that this place has been in operation for some time. You gonna get that? Want something to drink? Yeah, lemme get a water. Know what? Fish crap in water. It's your wife. It's a good burrito. All right. I get it. You know she's gonna keep on calling you, right? I get it. I been there, buddy. Have you? You might think you've been there, but you're just circling the airport. Me? I'm living in the middle of downtown there. Let's go. - Hey, hey, guys? - Yeah. James Paget went to a gamblers anonymous meeting twice a week at noon. 35th and Park. Can you hit that up, see what it gives us? - Yeah, sure. Jane. - What? - Detective Timoney. - Yes, Chief Bondlow. How are you? You the one behind this Chinatown raid? Uh, yes, I am, sir. Uh, we got a guy shot dead in a basement and... Weren't getting very much cooperation, so I thought I'd rattle some cages. Let me explain something to you, okay? The Chinatown voting bloc accounts for 1.1%. Our mayor won the last election by .7% - Mm. - You know, our mayor, who appoints the police commissioner, who in turn gives the chief of detectives his job-- And a very good job you're doing, sir, - I must say. - Yeah. All right. You're just gonna stop jamming up George Lin's neighborhood, all right? 'Cause they're gonna cooperate with you now. George. Hello, Mr. Lin. Detective. I've done everything I can to find the person responsible for this murder-- everything. But they can't be found, not in my community. Now, I assure you, if they could be found, I would have found them. I'm very sorry. Yeah, me too. - Chief. - Thanks, George. Can I have the toxicology please? Yeah, it's here. It's all clean. No drugs, no booze even. Whatever else is up with this Paget, he's completely substance-free. Speaking of Paget... Hello, Mrs. Paget. How are you? I'm so sorry I haven't returned your phone calls. I've been waiting to have something a little more concrete that I can tell you. Do you, Detective? Uh, not yet. I'm sorry. It's fine. That's not why I came here, so... This is my son Ethan. I wanted you to meet him, to see his face. Mom. James would have done anything for him. He was doing anything that he could to be strong and be there for his son. Hey, Ethan, we are going to find out who killed your father, all right? Okay. - Do you wanna come in - for a soda? No, I'm okay. Maybe you don't like me. And at this point, I'm sure that you don't. But it's not about me. It's about my son. Can you find out what happened to James for him? All right? Come on. Uh, 'scuse me, Mrs. Paget? I can tell you this: Your husband's toxicology reports came back clean. No alcohol, no drugs, and the leads we're following with the Chinatown gambling community haven't turned up anything yet, so... Tell me something I don't know. James had his ups and downs with this, yeah. Like everybody else does, but not for almost five years. - That's what we heard. - You been the sponsor - the whole five years? - Longer. I sponsored him his first meeting nine years ago, and I've been hanging in there with him ever since. He's a good man. Well, did he--did he say anything lately to you to make you think that he was having trouble again? You know, you can hold the line on this thing for 20 years, and then the wind blows funny, and you're right back at the table. Or whatever your poison is. But James had something happen. Um... His kid was riding his bike, he got clipped by a car-- - Clipped the kid? - Yeah. The kid's at the hospital. The wife's trying to reach James, and James is at the track. - Oh. - He's betting the exacta box. He's ignoring his phone. So you think that's what set him on the straight and narrow? He was like a different person. Like he was tested, he was found wanting, and he was never gonna let it happen again. I-if I know anything about this-- I believe that. All right. Well, I thank you for your time. - Yeah. - Appreciate it. Okay, here's something I thought I'd never, ever say. - What? - You're making me feel bad for your wife. Are you serious? You're not gonna say anything? What do you want me to say? You know how me and Marcella fight, right? I get maybe two, I get three wins a year. - I gotta pick my battles. - Okay. The other night, right? She comes up to me, she says, "okay if my sister's coming to town next month?" I say, Marci, FYI... If your sister keeps on insinuating that she needs a place to stay, you don't have to call me. You don't have to check with me to see if I'm gonna say no, because I'm gonna no. I had a vasectomy. What? I got a vasectomy, okay? And Veronica didn't know about it because she's always said she didn't want a baby. Except as of now, she does want a baby. So as of now, she knows. So she's not what you might call happy. We're working on a few leads. Yep, but right now it looks like it has nothing to do with gambling, though. No? Well, thank God. That's a relief. Yeah. But now we're wondering if it might have something to do with his work, with your work. I can't say I blame you. We deal with crooked types all the time. Payoffs, kickbacks, protection. Union sends two guys, you gotta pay for four or you get struck. It's hard to keep track of how many backs are getting scratched sometimes. Yeah, well, that seems like something you should've told us the last time we were here talking to you. Come here. Paul. This is Paul. He's my lawyer. Paul, Detectives Timoney and Velerio. - And you're the firm's lawyer? - Well, technically, no. I'm Walt's. But I'm definitely familiar with the company's dealings. And to be honest with you, they're--they're starting to concern me. Concern you how? Missing money from the accounts, cash withdrawals that have yet to be accounted for. - Signed out by James Paget? - Exactly. Look, this guy was a great partner. He did things that kept us afloat that I can't even understand, and if he had a problem, if he did something with people who bent the law, you know... These records cover the last quarter. You'll note that a number of the vendors James worked with have extensive criminal records, which is really par for the course in this business, not necessarily a red flag. But given with what just happened with James, might be worth looking into. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - Here you go. - You want me to help you haul this stuff out? - All this? - Yeah. Sure, thanks. I want you to know, Janie, that there is nothing I will not do to get you to read through this box for me. Yeah? I'm not reading through yours, and I'm not reading through mine. It's all a bunch of smoke and mirrors as far as I'm concerned. To distract us. Oh, yeah? From what? From what's really happening with that business and with Skolnick and Paget. Finally you're back. You got visitors. Detectives. Oh, hello there. - Uh, can we have a word? - About what? About James Paget? Yes, we'll be there in a moment. That is spooky. You are a spooky little woman. Yeah, and don't you forget it. Okay, what have you got on James Paget? We're gonna do the whole, uh... You're down and dirty street cops and you guys are the button-down feds? Can we maybe jump past that? We're on the same team here. Oh, right. Till we're the ones asking you for something. So what are you looking to know? How the case is shaping up, strongest leads and suspects. Look, you're gonna share what you know. It can be now with just us or later with bosses in the room. You know, maybe we don't need to go there yet. - Especially not this fast-- - The thing I can say is this, James Paget was part of a large federal investigation. Ah, he was your informant then? What makes you say that? Well, if he was somebody under investigation, then his dead body being found could be written up to good fortune. But here you are, double-quick, real concerned-- he was your snitch, right? Hmm? Right. What do you think, Ev? Well, we got no problems sharing. You can see the DD-5s and ballistics, M.E. reports, the whole shebang. Hey, Reg, why don't you show these fine gentlemen to the boxes upon our desks? Sure. Love to. So we're assuming all our information goes out our door and into your mitts. You have a problem with the way the planet functions, Detective? Sure don't. Suddenly I'm really looking forward to that racket tonight. And so this award goes to, uh... A guy with the attention span of a bolt of lightening. - That's true. - A man who thinks being married three times is a good start. Evrard Velerio. Under his leadership-- under his leadership, his team caught the Cloister Park killer. - Wow. - You got that scum off the street. You're a damn good Detective. Now take this award and get out of my face. You gotta go to the psych tomorrow morning? Don't they know we have steam to blow off tonight? No, I-I'm the one who asked for 9:00 A.M. I just wanna get it over with. So I really have to try and keep a lid on the drinking tonight. Either finish that or hand it over. - Ahh! - You'll be fine. It's not like you don't know how it's gonna go. Just try to keep a lid on the grandiose sense of self and the poor behavioral control in front of the doctor. Ha. Let's not forget about the lack of empathy. He probably doesn't need to know that. You know, you've been to the psych before. I'm gonna let him go in there, untie everything. You know what I'm talking about, right? She wants a baby, so I've decided I'm gonna give her one. I'm gonna go in there, and just gonna reverse... The vasectomy. So, I, uh...I told him about this dream I had about this rich couple in this townhouse, and I'm there for some reason, and they're vampires. And the wife kills her husband and starts seducing me. Wait, that's not a dream, that's a movie. What's the name of that movie? I don't know. David Bowie's the husband. - Yeah. - I don't know either, but I was wearing parachute pants when I saw it. You're gonna lose her! You're gonna lose her! So that's the trophy. You gotta do what is best for you and your wife, okay? Listen, look at me. - What? - Babies, right? - They make the world go 'round. - Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? I mean, they make it go 'round and 'round and 'round. You know what? I could also just tell her that I'm gonna do it and then just not have the operation. - What do you think of that? - You cannot... have kids with this woman. What are you saying? She's--you don't think - she'd make a good mother? - No. She's crazy. How's it going there? Yeah, man. Detective Duffy, right? Reg. Wait...Matt, and your son is Owen. That's a good memory. It's not so surprising, being a detective and all. Oh, well. He was a real cute kid. Very well-behaved. You don't see too many of them like that any more, so... - Kudos to you on that. - Thanks, man. Yeah! To the freakin' weekend! Yeah! Whoo! Oh, ho. Somebody's having fun, right? Yeah, somebody likes to show up at detective rackets and drink all our booze, even though he's never been a detective. Never will be either. Couldn't be if he wanted to. Deputy Chief of Patrol Costello. Yeah, well, you want me to bum-rush him out of here, man? 'Cause I will. You ever wanna haul off and punch him in the face? - I would. - What, you wanna punch that guy in the face? If I were you, sure, I would. If I were you, I'd look for any excuse. Step on my foot, say the Red Sox aren't looking too bad this year, oh, bam! You been warned. You been warned. You been warned. Okay, good luck. You're on your own now. Cheers. To Charles and Doreen, a great American tragedy. Cheers. What do you mean, if you were me? Hmm? I said, what do you mean, if you were me? Did you have fun? I had fun. Too much fun. - Sure. Yeah. - What? Something happen? - You all right? - Okay, yeah. - Something happened. - What? Duffy told me about you and what's-his-name. Costello? Huh. And I think it's better that we just... Leave it there tonight. I don't wanna talk about it right now. I think that would be a bad, bad idea for us to do that. Okay. You know, you could've died in that shoot-out. What does that have to do with it? I don't know. Whatever. Nothing. All right. You're so tough, right? Sleeping with your married boss is no big deal? So are we gonna talk about this? - Yes. - Are we talking about this now? Yeah, okay. We're talking about this right now. So is it true? You had a thing with this guy. - So what? - Yeah, see? Everyone in that room thinks I'm a chump. It was over a long time ago. It was stupid, and it didn't matter, and it definitely doesn't matter now. - Believe me. - Oh, my God, Jane. Come on, man, I saw you looking at the guy. I was not looking at him. The guys are just so mean, right? Everybody's so rough on you. "Oh, they don't care I can get the job done." - Is that what I sound like? - Oh, you made it seem like everything was just so unfair to you. I didn't tell you because it was over. It was over before I even knew you existed, so grow up. All right. Fine. What else don't I know? Huh? Are you really gonna pretend you don't see my side to this? I mean, come on. You gotta win this that bad, don't you? Look, I can't fight dirty like you. Yeah, I'm gonna crash. I gotta work tomorrow. Okay, I'm gonna put this out on the table, and I don't think you're drunk, but I do smell alcohol on you. There was a racket last night, and I guess things just got away from me. Do you mind? Um... And that's maybe why you were late? - Short answer, yes. - Long answer? Doesn't relate to this, I don't think. It's not relevant, you're saying? I-I don't think it is, do you? And things got away from you. What did you mean by that? You know I've done this before, right? This exact thing. A post-shooting intervention with a psych. - I do know that. - But you don't care. Right? We really have to go through all this again. You don't have to talk. It's just here in case you might want to. Yeah, I don't want to ever, but thanks. Even when it might help? When you might be unaware of the impact something's had on you? When you might not be the best judge-- Oh, I'm not the best judge of myself? Or how I need things to be so I can function? I should just talk when I don't feel like talking just to say I did? That's nuts, doc. Sorry. Time's up. I guess being late's not so bad. I guess not. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. Uh, but don't be late when you come back. I have time on Friday. Come back then. Excuse me. Timoney? I didn't know who else to call, so... Ah, here he is now. - And here we are. - Ethan. - Oh, my God. Are you okay? - He's fine. Except for when he got drunk and was driving his buddy's car around Morningside Heights like a wild man, which is not fine. At all. Whose car? What is the matter with you? Teenagers should not be legally allowed to drive sober, never mind drunk. You trying to kill someone, Ethan? You think you wouldn't care now, but you would care. Ethan, I don't-- I mean, I-I know how you feel. I know how I feel about Dad. I'm sad and I'm angry. But I don't even know what to say-- Can we go now? - Oh, no. - No, you can't go. - What? - You gotta come with me. Wait, I-I thought that he was-- Mrs. Paget, Mrs. Paget, he--he should stay here, okay? That's why I had him released here to us. We'll take care of him, I promise. But he needs to know it can't be like this, that the world's not gonna roll over for him. Little free advice, here, Ethan. This is a room for losers and morons. I lost my father too. I was older than you. Didn't matter. I loved him, and it hurt. Did a lot of dumb things trying to get right with it. But it don't get right, and you never move on. Not an inch. So what did you do? You carry it around with you for your whole life, and it makes you who you are. Which I hope is somebody who stays on my side of this door. Oh, say hello to Freddy. She got drunk too. But she wasn't stupid enough to drive. Freddy. Ethan. - Hey, hold on. Hey, hey. - What? Think somebody's got a little crush on you. Hey, I wanted to let you know that stuff you gave us, - it helped. A lot. - Great. And, uh, I wanted to come by and say thanks. So that's it? 'Cause I appreciate everything and all, but, uh, you know, I'm on the clock. Well, I was hoping I might be able to return the favor. Give you something that might help your case and wouldn't exactly kill mine, either. Okay. Do tell. James Paget was, in fact, my informant. You were right. Can you tell me what he had? Client pays for a building, one of the things he pays for is top-grade steel. Paget had figured out that Walt Skolnick was swapping out the top-grade stuff for some cheap overseas version and pocketing the difference, and that his lawyer, Robie, was in on the whole thing. - Wow. - So Paget gave us permission to listen to his office, tap the computer, the cell phones, the whole nine. Till a couple of days ago when all our bugs went off line. But did you get anything? No. Nothing. So all we have is the charges that he brought us and, without actually having him, those aren't much. But, you know, there's something else. James, he-- he was a family man. I really don't like that this is the way this went down. You are gonna be so sorry that you said that, because now there's very little chance that I'll be leaving you alone. Which is why I'm hoping you have a suit in that gym bag, because the thing that I wanna do doesn't work with, like, casual clothes guy, even though you look very handsome. It only works with the fancy fed guy. So if we could just go through this one more time. And I apologize if I don't understand all the intricacies of your business, but... Yes. It can be very labyrinthine. Labyrin... what? - Complex. - Mm. Now anyhow, you said that in the way the business worked, James dealt directly with the vendors. - Exactly. - And your client, Mr. Skolnick, never had a thing to do with that side of the business? Well, all I can say is that James may have been involved in a number of illegal ventures under the company umbrella, not the least of which was forging documents. And, uh... did you know that your client was under FBI surveillance? No, I didn't. I'd have thought it was James. Yeah, no. It was Skolnick. And also... It was you. Did you know the FBI was bugging the company phones? Why would I know that? Yeah. And these days, these private companies people can get to come in and sweep all the bugs out? - Yeah? - Never get them all. - Is that right? - Oh, ho. Yeah. There are the bugs they want you to find, and the ones you never will. Well, isn't that the way it should be? I mean, I-I'd like to think our government has better stuff than what you see in the movies, not the other way around, right? - Ridiculous. - Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Robie. Oh, yeah, sorry 'bout that. We're bouncing around all over the place here, - and you're being very patient. - Very patient. But if we could just run through this from the top once more. And also, would you mind if our colleague sits in this time? Just to make sure it's the last time. No, not at all. - Fantastic. - That's great, sir. Agent Biddle. - Hello. - Hello. Well, I know you probably know this already because you're a lawyer and everything, but whereas cops like us can ask you questions, and you can lie your ass off to us, and there's nothing we can do about it except solve the case, lying to a federal agent, just lying about anything, about your middle name, even, is a felony. And that's not even taking into account the other crimes you may have committed. Don't seem fair. The part about how you can lie to us, - I mean. - No, it doesn't. - Mm. - Anyway. So now... Agent Biddle here is gonna ask you the same exact questions that we just did. And I suggest that your answers are true, or you're gonna go to prison. Which is a very labyrinthine place. Thank you. We're gonna need a little more tape. Are you serious? We've only gone through a whole roll of this stuff. Hey, Jane, I'm trying over here. The guy's a walking pond. So I don't know how the tape's gonna hold up or what it'll do to the mic. It's a glandular condition. I'm sure it is, sir. Would you prefer we use staples? You remember your abort? Say it. - My allergies are acting up. - Good. - Do your part now. - All right, gimme a level test. - Ready? Hey! - Hey. I said level test, I didn't say bust my eardrum. Relax. Look, you're gonna get brought in for this. Now the cops had me for two hours, and I didn't say anything. But you're gonna have to tell me everything. Now do you wanna tell me what happened with James? What do you wanna know? Okay. If you want me to keep representing you, then...I'm gonna need to know about... He's panicking. I told you that he got the FBI on you. - Did he just say FBI? - But you didn't tell me that you were gonna lure him to that restaurant and kill him. What did you think I was gonna do? He's a 12-stepper. He's holier-than-thou. You think we were gonna be able to reason with him? I told you, he-- - He futzed out. - Oh, come on. - I knew it. - Come on, tiger. - - Hang in there, - he's gonna-- - Hang on. - He's drowning his mic. - What is it, what's happening? I don't know. The wire's online, signal's good. They're just not talking. - Should we go in? - Negative. We wait for the abort. "Negative"? Did he just say "negative"? 'Cause if he did, I'm gonna say, "phasers locked on" in about one second. - This is unbelievable. - Come on. What is that? Drive! I'm driving the car. Stop pointing the gun at me. - Drive. - Don't point the gun at me! - You all right? - Yeah. - Stay right there. - In the car, in the car. Hey. - Get-- - Ugh... Ugh... Hey! - Ugh... - Hey, on your stomach. You guys who run? Where do you think you're going? Some magic fugitive fairy kingdom that we don't know about? Huh? Where is everybody? He tried to do the right thing. That's what got him killed. That's not a small thing to know, Ethan. To carry around with that other stuff we talked about. What you know about your dad now, that's a gift. Thank you. I know I wasn't always easy to deal with. Oh, please. You've been a little ray of sunshine. A lot like myself. All right. Come on. Let's let them get back to work. I can show you out. Stay out of trouble. I'll be watching you. Seriously. I can do that. Well, all things considered, that turned out being almost a happy ending. Yeah. For everyone but me and Matt, thanks to you. So you gonna answer him back or what? Huh? I did. - Huh? - I did. I said, "paper towels, toothpaste, and yellow mustard." - Oh. - Come on, pop. It's not like he's making some big effort. Nothing all day, and then a text about what do we need from the grocery store. It's not on him to make the effort, Jane. It's something you did, that you didn't tell him about. So he didn't know. And now he does. This woman, this Alice Paget... She trusted her husband, she believed in him, and I didn't believe her. You don't think you can trust Matt? No, I know I can. But maybe he can't trust me, because if I had to do it all over again, I still wouldn't tell him. Maybe I... Just can't share that much, the way he wants. Maybe I'm just not cut out for it. I don't know. Ah, just call him, Janie. Say you're sorry so you can move on, huh? You just call him please? I can't. He's asleep. Well, good. I mean, you hadn't elaborated yet on what the issue was, but, uh... I'm glad it's resolved. I felt that, uh, whatever it was was bothering you. Mm. Well, it wasn't the, uh... Shooting or getting shot at. It was just... I don't know. But it's better now. Yeah, it's better. Thanks. And that's because people are letting things be how you need them to be. Not making you talk, right? That's a relationship you're in that you're referring to there? Jane? Um... Did you know you could lose half a gallon of blood, and your body will continue to mechanically function? My dad told me that once, and that's what I... Kept telling myself over and over again while I was shooting and getting shot at. I was scared, but that's what I was thinking. And the craziest thing is... I kind of liked it. Liked the adrenaline rush I got from it all. You know? But the home life's all right? Oh. The home life's fine. Thanks. Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 