Prime Suspect: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Prime Suspect 
 s1e10 - A Gorgeous Mosaic - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Prime Suspect (2011–2012): Season 1, Episode 10 - A Gorgeous Mosaic - full transcript 
 On the case of a Jewish jeweler killed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - What do we got? - Dead guy is Simon Kesh. Self-styled "Diamond Dealer to the Stars." One shot in the back of the head, pretty much execution-style. You got a pedigree on witnesses? Uh, uniforms did. Got three of them. Fionna Davey, Ira Scheckler, and Anton Lincoln. And the thing is, all three of them got a pretty good look at the guy so... we got lucky. You know what, no. Eyewitnesses? Even people who are trained for a living 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to notice things are bad eyewitnesses when something happens that they're not expecting. - It's human nature. - That's not true, Jane. Oh, really? Okay. We got three perfectly good eyewitnesses... What are you doing? What color are my eyes? Red. Exactly. I hate eyewitnesses. So white guy with a scar where? Um, like here. And, uh, a knit cap, a black knit cap. And he had a tattoo on the back of his hand. His, uh, his right hand. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That the gun was in. Okay, did you see what the tattoo was of? Like, um, like a rectangle with stripes. All right, you mean like the Irish flag, dummy? 'Cause that's what it was. Hey, I ain't saying nothing else to nobody till y'all hit me up with some paper, okay? Hey, you know what, Anton? We don't pay witnesses. But when you come back to the squad with us to look at mug shots, I'll make you a nice bologna sandwich, how's that? Always looking for something for nothing, huh? What you talking about, you drunken donkey bitch? Really? She means your people are lazy. - Hey, guys, guys, hey! - What you say?! Hey, people, come on! Guys, guys, come on! At least the U.N. pretends to get along once in a while. Blando. Stay there, Ira. Can I tell them I hate them now? I'll tell you what, let's go talk to the victim's family... Oh, that'll be delightful, I'm sure. Where are they? He was everything to me. - Well, we're very sorry... - Sorry. Mrs. Kesh... is there anybody you'd like us to call for you? Relative? Friend? Um, why don't you knock on some doors, try to find a neighbor that will sit with her until we leave. Okay. Be good, okay? Ah... Sorry. I can't imagine what you must be going through. There you go. W-was your husband having problems with anyone that you know? Would he tell you that sort of thing, do you think? Um, there was a man who called the house. He was rude; He used foul language, - and he threatened Simon. - What... what did he say? He said the Simon was dodging him. Uh, that if Simon didn't call him back, he'd be sorry. Did he give a name? No. But you're gonna look at his customers? - Absolutely. - You look at them. I told Simon... dealing with those people wasn't safe. Who would those people be? Black rappers. Simon was always bragging 'cause he'd see them on TV or in the newspaper, and they'd be wearing the diamonds that he sold them. - Mm-hmm. But to call a man's home and threaten his family? Animals do that. Animals. Prime Suspect Season 1; Episode 10 A Gorgeous Mosaic December 15, 2011 ==sync, correction by dcdah== www.addic7ed.com Yesterday jeweler Simon Kesh was shot in the back of the head execution-style in the alley behind his diamond district jewelry store. Police are now investigating several leads. Why'd you have to park so close to the wall, Augie? Look at this. Guy's got a Mercedes. He's got a Bentley. Aw... Do you know who we're seeing today? - A rapper? - Bling B? A rapper? Janey, this guy's a mogul. - He's a rapper. - He's an artist; He... - He's a rapper. - He's a poet. He's the voice of a gener... He's a rapper, Augie. Shut it. Rapper, rapper, rapper, rap. No love for music. That him? Pardon you. Yo, watch the jacket, vanilla shake. - Vanilla shake? - Yeah! You know what? You're not doing such a good job of concealing that concealed weapon, son. You got a carry permit for that? Yeah, I got a carry... Try to remember why we're here, Augie. Boom. - You do. - Yeah. Well, lucky for you we're not looking for a 9 millimeter. Might want to have that thing laminated, by the way. Wait for me outside. Hey, you must be Mr. Bling. I'm Detective Timoney. This is Detective Blando. - How you doing there, ladies? - Sorry. I pay their way. They tend to jump off too quick. Yeah, you should try to keep an eye on that. Really. So tell us about Simon Kesh. God rest his soul. - Really? - Come with me. We heard you were having a pretty big beef with him. - Is that right? - Yeah. He fed me some bad rocks. You mean he sold you some fake diamonds? Ma'am, you speak your English and I'll speak mine. Soon as he found out he messed up though, he made good on his mistake. Then he asked me to keep it low so it wouldn't make him look bad. And I did. So, when did you call the house and threaten his wife? Before or after that? Before. That's why I was calling. Look, I was mad. I'm not gonna lie. But, Kesh got back with me right away, and we fixed things up. We were good. - You mind? - Sorry. His wife say I threatened her? - Yep. - Yes. You know that woman asked me what my African name was? It's like medieval times up in their house. So you're saying you had nothing to do with Kesh getting killed? Like I said, detectives, Kesh and me were all right. Plus if I wanted to have him killed, I would have got the bloods... Not some punk-ass white dude. How'd you know the killer was white? Just like you know. Streets talk. I listen. I also heard he was a Mick. All three witnesses pick out Mickey Prendergast. Mickey Prendergast is an executioner for the NCN. New Celtic Nation; small bunch of Irish goons who've done some work for the gambinos, but we know him. Yeah. When the Westies went down, these ass hats sprang up in their place. Not as bad, thank God, but plenty bad enough. These guys are trained butchers? Or is that the Westies? They used to work in the kitchens in Attica and learned to take apart bodies? Yeah, something about Irish gangsters and dismembering. If I had a nickel for every time those two things were connected, I sure as hell wouldn't be here. Where... where do we find Mickey Prendergast? Blackjack Mullin. What'd you do? Break out? Would you ever believe state says I'm reformed? Let's come back to that, shall we? Where's Mickey Prendergast? Mickey Prendergast ain't with us no more, all right? He went off the reservation. But I'm not deaf. I heard he killed that hat. The diamond store Jew. So you're an informant now? Cooperating with law enforcement is a condition of my parole. You want me to stop doing that? That ain't right. Mickey's probably holed up with his woman. Like the big girl's blouse, he is. If you're gonna try and take him, you better go in hot. Lad's never been right in the head. Sheer lunatic, these days. Don't want you taking risks on my account. Your father. Oh, he'd never forgive me. So this Blackjack guy... What's the problem? I don't have a problem, all right? I had one. And not much of one, either, truth be told. With this Blackjack Mullins guy? I borrowed a mortgage payment from him one time, which I paid back. When we had, um, a gas leak. They raised Oona's tuition. So what, you're... this guy gave you trouble? Like the one time, he brings by this young fella. Said he was my new bar back. Implied if I didn't hire him and pay him not to show up, I'd have trouble. - But you didn't. - 'Course not. But you know, I never knew what the next thing would be or when it would be or when he'd stop thinking it was funny. Why didn't you tell me this? It was fine, pet, it was nothing... No, it wasn't fine. And, also, I knew how you'd react. Listen to me, now. I didn't do nothing. But right here, he did it. He did it! What?! Hold up, man, I'm the do-right one, all right? I caught you red-handed. You need to jail his ass and pin a medal on me. Yeah, jail-assing and medal-pinning right in here. - Look... - Shut your mouth! Listen I... I got rights and... Hey, keep it up, and both of you are going to Rikers after we lose your paperwork, okay? Some B.S., man. What have we got here? Old lady over on 49th street got robbed; beat up real bad. Uniforms show up, she's bleeding on the sidewalk and these two are going at it like Thunderdome over her purse. They get pulled apart and they're both like: "It wasn't me, I didn't do it, I was trying to stop him." And they and you are here because? The vic's likely to die, Skip. What do you say, Skip, the three of us work this one together, huh? Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. Hey, did you steal my goat cheese? Duffy. He doesn't do goats. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello? Hey. Let me call you back. Hospital just called. The vic died ten minutes ago. We don't have to tell them that, do we? They find out it's murder now, they're both gonna lock up, right? We could keep it to ourselves maybe. I like the way you think. - You wanna take the lead? - I was just gonna say that. What about the son, who tells him? Oh, we can do that. You ever have to tell a relative? It's rough. That's why she should do it, then. You want homicide, right? See if it wants you. This is on-the-job training, right here. Murder 101: Notifying next of kin. Thought you guys were friends. I thought you two were married. We are. I'm not. We're separated, couple of weeks now. Okay, but little word of advice: What Carolina there advertises is always out of stock. Yeah, for you. She probably didn't want to give up her stupid blood pressure medication. Like it was so priceless. Is all her stuff there? Anything missing? Her ring. Ring? What kind of ring? Eternity band. E.R. said it wasn't on her. Four karats. It had been in our family almost a hundred years. And you're sure she would have been wearing it? Since... since my dad died, she never took it off. She said she would wear it until she saw him again. No, when Mickey shot the teamster to death, he was acquitted, because the witness withdrew her statement. When he shot the guy in the hotel bar bathroom, Mickey was acquitted because the witness committed suicide before the trial. - I know, I-I got it now. It's just a little hard to keep straight - all of Mickey's murder acquittals. - Understandable. - Did you ever wonder why the most dirt-ass lowlife murdering gangster hoodlums get to live in buildings that are nicer than mine? Ever wonder that? - 2-B there, Augie. 3-B should be there. Okay. So, how about... I get the door, you guys cover? All right, you guys ready? Hey! - Police! - Police! Let's see the gun! Get out here. - Drop it! - Let's see the weapon! - Get out here! - Get out here! Let's see the weapon! Show me your hands! Put it through, down, drop it! Put that gun down and get out here! Get out here, get on the ground! Anyone else in there... Down, down, down! Is there anyone else inside? No. I thought you guys came from Blackjack. I thought he sent you. I'm sorry. - You're sorry, all right. - Police! - Any one in here? - Come on, get up! You shot at cops, Mickey! This was the good old days, we'd throw you down the stairs. Clear. My turn. - Fun, right? - Yeah. Let's go. It's like potato chips, though. You do it once, you've gotta do it again! - Hey. - Hey. What's this? This is us celebrating. I got the stadium job! Congratulations. Give me some of that. Drink up, I got three bottles, 'cause now I'm talented and rich. Good... Because there's this Winchester pre-'64 model 70 I've got my eye on, and Christmas is coming. Done. Mmm. And, I wanna cover all the rent from now on, too. I'm serious, Janey. I wanna pay for our rent, not just my share. Great, but I... I don't really feel comfortable with that. Really? Why not? Because you should sock that money away for Owen or your business instead of doing something for me that I don't really need you to do right now. Right, plus if I'm paying all the rent, that means you'll owe me. And you just can't cut and run. I'm kidding. If that's what you think that I think, then forget about it... You pay the rent. Pay all of it. Hey, I already gave the landlord a check for the next three months anyway. See how you feel after that, okay? Hey, let's order something. Let's get some Thai or uh, Italian. I'll let you pick tonight. I didn't kill that jeweler. No? It sure is your M.O. though, right? One shot in the back of the head? My M.O.? If I've never been convicted of a murder, are you allowed to say I have an M.O.? Yeah, you did beat them all, right? Must be the luck of the Irish. I have a little of that myself. Which is why you and me gotta have a little chin-wag. 'Cause I've got three witnesses picked your ass out of mug shots, and now they're coming down here to pick your ass out of a lineup. Witnesses, huh? Well, I'm not too worried about that either way, though. I'll still beat it, because I didn't do it. Then who did? Whatever you say, say nothing. Right? The Irish code. Lower than a baby raper, lower than anything is a rat. Listen, I know you heard this kinda thing before and all, but I got enough on you to seal a murder conviction. So now's about the time to help yourself. At least tell me why the jeweler, Simon Kesh, got killed. How about that? No? How about this? Know what that is? Connolly Club napkin. That's your address. You recognize the writing? See, a life sentence, doesn't really mean a life sentence anymore, even for a stone cold psycho like Blackjack Mullin. He's out what, a week? First thing he does is give you up to us. Nothing lower than a rat, huh? What are you doing? Mickey Prendergast has beat four murders and one Rico case in the last ten years. The guy is teflon. To a lot of New York cops and prosecutors, he is the great green whale. And now, that lanky streak of misery is about to go up creek without a paddle in my squad. I'm sorry, I'm taking a picture of that. I don't blame you. Hello there, Miss Davey. How you doing? - How you doing? - Just step over here. In a moment, I'm gonna raise this screen. There's gonna be six men standing there with numbers around their necks. The can't see in, so don't worry. Just want you to take your time. If you do recognize someone, wait till I ask you the question, okay? Miss Davey, do you recognize anyone? Yeah, I do. I recognize number four. And where do you recognize him from? He shot that Hasidic man. Very good, thanks. One down, two to go. All right. It is called child support, so you will remember you need to support your child, Matt. I do support him, Tricia. All right, this isn't about the money. I do not want Owen going to that stuck-up, snotty rich kid school. No, no, no, sure, because why would you want him to have an opportunity like that? Hey. Owen told Trish about my new job, so she dropped by to have a little scream. Me? I-I'm screaming? I-I am talking. Trying to talk to you about academic opportunities for our son. So what, so cotillions and squash balls teach math now? Excuse me for thinking that maybe you would want your son to do better... Wh... better than I have? But I'm doing great, right, Trish? I mean, that's why you're here, isn't it? To get your piece of how great I'm doing? Owen is downstairs with Doug. You wanna say hello or are you too busy being self-righteous? Please, please do me a favor and go to hell right now! I know that he told you his side of why we got divorced. This here is part of my side. Hi. Andre, I'm sorry. Can we just go over it one more time? You mind? You wanna maybe take some notes this time, or what? I know, I just don't write fast enough. It'd be so much easier. So I'm walking down fifth. Fifth, that's right. From... - The subway at 51st. - Right. And I'm sorry, I know you told me already, but you were in the neighborhood to... Looking for a job. One of those big hotels; Janitorial, like that. Around 7:00 in the morning. There about. Early bird, huh? Good for you. And that's when you saw him? Well, I'm crossing at the light, I happen to look over, I see he's got her up against the wall. I can see she's bleeding. So I run over there, we start banging on each other. Poor old lady's just lying there. You guys show up. The end. Okay, great. And hey, did you stop anywhere... Cup of coffee, breakfast? No. Just an early bird. Like you said. Then I had breakfast um, at the little Greek spot on 51st. Sure, what's it called? Nico's? What time again? I'm sorry, I'm having one of those ditzy days. 6:00, maybe, 6:00, 6:30. You eat alone? I love doing that. Read the paper, space out. Yeah. Okay, then what? And then I paid the check, I stepped out, and I started walking, and that's when I see this poor lady getting jacked. Right. Sorry. I am so sorry. I know you told me already, but... Why were you in the neighborhood again? Oh, I was um... Wait, wait, you told me. Job-hunting, sorry. Yeah... No, um... No, wait, that wasn't you. That was what's-his-name, Andre? I told you he said that? Uh, I think maybe you did. That sounds like something I would do. I pick Andre. Listen, he's got priors like a phonebook, right? A bad attitude, stick a fork in him, we're at a bar drinking a beer. Randall has got no record. He's shaky, though. He's losing his swagger. So it's gonna be a murder two charge. Just need you to sign this rights card for me. Another trial, then another acquittal. You guys are making me a legend. Bigger than Gotti. Oh, yeah, that guy, what's he doing now? You need to uncuff me if you want me to sign this. What? The nuns, they tried everything to get me to use my right, but it wouldn't take. They said lefties were demons. Hmm. They were right about that. Right? Right. - Hey. - Hey. Slam dunk, right? All three eyewitnesses identify him separately from photos and lineup. Yeah. No. Watch this. Okay. It's hard to draw with my left hand. What are you doing? Okay, look, you're the eyewitness, right? I'm the killer. I'm executing Simon Kesh, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So here's me, shooting him in the back of the head, bam. Yeah? And, there's my tattoo. You see it on my right hand because I'm right-handed. All right, now look. Now what do you see? Oh, uh, a... No, not you. Okay, forget it. What don't you see? A tattoo on the right hand. Exactly. A tattoo that they all said they saw on the back of the hand that was holding the gun. A hand that could not be Mickey Prendergast's. Mother of God. Are you sure? I checked all of his priors. He always shoots with his left hand. He is left-handed. He is not the executioner. I hate eyewitnesses. You watch TV, right, Randall? Cop shows? Who doesn't? So you know this mirror there is not a mirror. It's there for people to watch you. What if I tell you there's someone watching you right now? What if I tell you it's your waitress from Nico's this morning? Looking at you and telling the two other detectives that you lied to us. You didn't eat breakfast alone. You ate breakfast with Andre to talk about who you were gonna beat and rob today. Hot damn. I know. - Separated, huh? - Mm-hmm. How's that working for you? It's fantastic. Here's what I think, okay? You and Andre are a two-man operation. Except Andre has a record and you don't, Randall. I would so much rather hear your version of what happened, but you have to tell me what it is. It was the ring. Okay. I was the one that got the ring off her hand while she was whaling on me. She got some good shots in for an old lady. She hit Andre too, but he... He started hitting her back. I was saying it's too much, he was doing it too hard. He asked me for the ring. When I didn't give it to him, he quit beating on her and started hitting on me. So what happened to the ring? I still have it. I ate it. It went down easy. Hope it comes out that way. So who's gonna make my deal? You, or I need a lawyer, or how we gonna do it? 'Cause like you said, I never been in this kind of trouble like this. No you haven't Randall, but that old lady died. There is no deal. The D.A. decides what happens to you and Andre next. But first, you're gonna eat some damn fiber. Hey. Hey. You can't sleep? Tricia says if I don't pay for Owen to go to her egg-sucking academy she's gonna take me to court and sue me for more child support. She's not taking you to court. What about her would make you say that? Of course she is. Fine, so just, I don't know, kick her ass or something. Yeah, love to, but I don't hit women. Then again, she's some sort of reptile, so maybe it wouldn't count. You know I-I need to tell you something. Remember when she was trying to keep Owen - from staying in our place? - Mm-hmm. Well, I did a little due diligence to see what I could see and... Tricia has a DUI. Dougie, her husband, has a charge of burglary for breaking into his ex's apartment and stealing back the engagement ring. That's why she caved. I'm sorry. I should have told you before. You're a goddess. Well, thank you. I'll take that. This is awesome. Rub my feet if you like me. Oh, you know what? I am gonna take her drunk driving ass to court and sue her for full custody. - Full custody? - Oh, you're damn right. And it's all because of you you sly, beautiful dog you. Oh, baby. Oh, no, let me see. Uh, yeah? You busy? Because Blando's not picking up. - What? - Ah, nothing. I mean, I just figured out who probably actually killed Simon Kesh, and how, but please, enjoy your lovely evening at home. So after Blackjack went away on Rico charges, a power void opened up. Mickey, with no allies, on account of him being crazy, couldn't get control and got edged out. So this guy, Shane Murphy, took over daily command of the troops while, well, we assume, being directed by Blackjack from inside. Right, then Blackjack gets out, Simon Kesh is executed, and suddenly, everyone is helpfully pointing us to Mickey. Which we now know is impossible, but what we didn't know is the story behind it. So here we go. No, I can't draw. You do it. Will somebody do whatever the hell it is? - All right, all right. - Now. I told you before, Sweeney, I am a terrible drawer. Yeah, we've established that. Don't make fun. That's hats. - Okay. - That's a hat, that's a hat. - Beautiful hats. - Okay, scar, see that? Scar, get it? They each had the same... Okay, this is all very well and good. I have no idea why I had to come back all the way from Staten Island to see it in person. Shane Murphy's last arrest was for forgery. He was charged with a friend, a girl, who holds a union card in the Local 798... that's makeup artists for Broadway shows. A girl named Fionna Davey. Aw, you're kidding me. Wait a minute, as in our eyewitness Fionna Davey? I'll be honest with you, Fionna, I'm not really buying this right now. 'Cause honestly, to me, you sound like a willing accomplice. No, he made me. I-I didn't know what they were gonna do. Oh, right, because a lot of people are going as Mickey Prendergast for Halloween this year? Okay, fine. Obviously, I knew there was something going on. But I didn't know he was gonna kill somebody. You didn't know they were gonna kill somebody?! How about this, how about after they actually did kill somebody, Fionna? Did you figure it out then, Fionna? How about, actually, when you came in and you just went stone cold false witness on us, and you pointed at Mickey and you pulled him out of a lineup for us? How about that? Do you remember that? How about now? You telling me the truth now? These guys are psychos, okay? Okay. No one says nothing. Look, I got kids. I got a family, plus they control my union. They say do this, I don't do it, the least that happens is I lose my job. But probably, my body pops up in the 79th Street boat basin. Listen to me, this conversation that we're having right now, this conversation is what dictates the rest of your life. Okay? Because right now, we've got enough evidence on you to lock you up for filing a false statement. But if I want to push, if I really want to push, I'll tell you something, when people lie to me, when people lie to me, Fionna, I really wanna push. I could get you for conspiracy to commit murder. Do you understand? Okay, so listen. You're gonna take this really slow. I'll give you the name. Is it Shane? Come on. Is it Shane? - We know it's Shane. - No, stop! - Come on! - Stop it! I'll give you another name... how about Blackjack? All right? Is it Blackjack?! Come on Fionna, we know it's one of these two. Come on! - Stop! - Fionna, come on! Blackjack or Shane?! Which one? You know what? I'm so sick of this conversation. I'm sick of this conversation, because I just keep giving you options, and you don't wanna cooperate with me. And that's just fine with me because we're gonna go round up Shane and Blackjack. And when we bring them into this precinct, I'm gonna tell them that you're the one that brought them in. How do you like that? Thanks for your cooperation. You live here! That's right, I live here! Why don't you get this? I mean, what are you, Norwegian? That's right. I'm Norwegian. And guess what, there's no murders in Norwegia. Just the occasional raised voice. Hello there. You Annie Murphy, ma'am? Shane Murphy's sister? Yeah. - Is Shane here now? - No, he isn't. Well, John Mullin gave this to parole as his current address. - Did you know about that? - That a crime now? To help friends and neighbors get back on their feet? I'll take that as a yes. - Is he here now? - No, he isn't. This is gonna come as a surprise, but we're not gonna take your word for that. Excuse us. There's nothing in there. You're not gonna find anything in there. Listen, just let us do our jobs. There's nobody else here but me. Ma'am just stay where you are and be quiet. Okay, Duffy, we're done here. What? We're done. Thanks, Miss Murphy. If you hear anything from Blackjack or Shane, - please let us... - Up yours. - Or that. - What's going on? - Where's the guys? - What's going on? - Hey. - Nobody came out the back. Obviously, they didn't because they never left. They're still here. And you didn't come out with them, why? I don't know if they drilled it or kicked it in or what but in the bedroom, behind the bed is this hole in the wall, big enough for a very motivated person to get through. And go where? The next apartment where no one was searching for them. Exactly. Okay, Duff, listen, here's what I suggest... You and I go back into Annie's apartment. You two, wait till we get established, then you take down the door and we meet in the middle and get Shane or Blackjack or whoever it is or both. Maybe we can get the ram. We could use the ram. Right, we got a piece of boiler pipe, we filled it with quick-drying concrete. Do you need a ram? Can I finish? And then we welded two handles onto it. You welded handles? Listen, it's gonna work, okay? You know what, just take down the door. I don't care how. Right, we'll get it. We'll be right back. For God's sakes. These monkeys made a tunnel between two apartments? Unbelievable. Why? Our people dug the Erie Canal. Of course we can dig a hole through some sheetrock. - All right, go. - Okay. Okay. Come on. Hi again, Miss Murphy. Turns out Detective Duffy here must have dropped his keys when we were... No, he didn't. This is harassment. No, it's not. Excuse me. Excuse us. If you're not out of here in five minutes, I will file a complaint. Hey, hey, hey! Don't mind us. On the bed. You know the routine. Let's go. - Come here. - Yeah, buddy. See, my brother-in-law's a welder, right? And he helped me weld this. You like that? What kind of people make their own ram? Let's go, big guy. Seat here, thank you. Murphy's in interview "A", B's occupied. What do you wanna do with Blackjack? Some of the guys put a drunk in the lockup. Puked all over himself, so... There's always room for one more in the cage though, right? Let's go. It's your lucky day. Hi. You know what, I had a lot of coffee today, so let's just get right down to it. Who killed Simon Kesh? I don't know. Probably some Arab. Why would you think that? I read the papers. I mean, Arabs hate the Jews. It's like a whole thing. Well, I guess that some Arab must have borrowed your gun. Look, there's a ballistics report that says the same gun we found on you is the one that killed Kesh. No? How about this, your friend, Fionna Davey, she did a great job making you look like Mickey. Fooled even our two sap witnesses for sure. Listen to me. You should talk to me. You should talk to me so I'll talk to the D.A. for you. Now, tell me, why did Simon Kesh have to die? You know, Kesh used to launder money for Blackjack, right? In his jewelry business. Well, when Blackjack found out he had to go inside, he went to Kesh for help. That's because the Hasids have all the power in the prison. I mean, when one of them goes down, it's like, it's like a scene from Goodfellas. Well, Kesh had promised Blackjack an easy bid. And Blackjack paid him an assload of money for it. So Blackjack went upstate, waited to be taken care of. And was he? My guess is no. Well, that's 'cause Kesh didn't have - the juice in his own community. - Mm-hmm. And Blackjack got played, and Kesh kept the money. Right, so Blackjack spends 15 or so years in prison thinking how he's gonna get Kesh back. Mickey too. Mickey was pushing for it. Before Blackjack even went inside. And if that hadn't have happened, the two of them would have danced for sure. So you disguise yourself as Mickey, you shoot him in broad daylight. And then Mickey takes the full weight. Two birds with one stone. Very smart. Bingo. So tell me this, how much did Blackjack pay you to do this? Or what did he promise you? Nothing. What do you mean nothing? Do it for fun? It was fun. But I did it out of respect. I mean, it was done before Blackjack even knew about it. And... I want a lawyer. Are you serious? You're gonna say this was all you? He's already forgotten your name. Whose idea was the assassination of Simon Kesh? Mine. Whose? I am giving you one more chance. Whose? Lawyer. Yeah, I bet you want a lawyer. You need a lawyer. Oh, uh, sorry, Blackjack must have forgotten to get you one. Jane, leave it. He invoked. Patsy. Hey, she's right. You know? Sometimes we punt. Yeah, and sometimes we go for it on fourth. It's a long game, Jane. Okay, I don't wanna do the whole sports thing. Me either. I just wanna point out, we closed a case today. It's a good day. Is it? - Bye-bye, now. Remind your daddy I'm a gin drinker. Can I grab one of those? Congratulations, by the way. Thanks. You too. No, not me. I don't even know what that was. That was garbage. You got the shooter. You got both guys. Yeah, well, not by myself. But you know I wanna get in here. So if you wanna keep saying I'm kicking ass and you're not, I'll take it. Tell more people. I feel like I pretty much get what everyone else here's giving me except you. I got no idea what you're thinking, and I don't wanna act like I do. So I was wondering, if I just plain out asked you, would you say or what? If there was an open slot, when there is, why would I have a problem with anyone who's gonna close cases? Great, so... Which you would have to do. There it is. Thanks for the support. So I voided the murder charge, but you still need to face the reckless endangerment charge - for shooting at us. - Only fair. Sorry about that. Hmm. Hey, can you tell me something? Not as a rat, just to satisfy my own curiosity. How does a, uh, Hasid crook like Simon Kesh get hooked up with the Irish anyway? This is America. Right? People say now how we should all just, uh... Love each other the same. But underneath, they're all still feeling the same old hate. Black, white, Jew, Asian, Greek, whatever. But for a true gangster, none of that matters. In business, if you can make a buck with or from them, you don't give a damn who they look like or who they pray to. Blackjack, me, Kesh, whoever... To us, this city's one big gorgeous mosaic of crime. That's interesting. Thanks. Got any Irish in you? Yeah, and I don't want any more, little boy. You may not remember me, but I remember you. Just from being around, watching things. You're always ready to fight. Whether you can win or no. Not much has changed, looks like. You ever go near my dad or his bar again, I will blow your brains out. Des ever tell you why they call me Blackjack? It's a good story. Probably goes something like that. Prime Suspect Season 1; Episode 10 A Gorgeous Mosaic December 15, 2011 ==sync, correction by dcdah== www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 