Eureka: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Eureka 
 s1e7 - Blink - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Eureka (2006–2012): Season 1, Episode 7 - Blink - full transcript 
 A car accident leads back to scientists at Global, Zoe finds a boyfriend, and Jack tries to drum up support for a town baseball league. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, I've got a triple-shot, mocha, cirillium latte, an extra hot, chromium kona macchiato and a double-distilled Peruvian slow roast. Okay, I'm telling you it's weird. This is America's favorite pastime. Please, a bunch of grown men slapping each other on the butt and hitting balls with sticks. You want to talk weird? Let's talk about what you're wearing. You choose now to mock my clothes? I call it like I see it. There's nothing wrong with this dress. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The fact that you call a tank top with a belt a dress, all the wrong I need. Well, you know, it's not like I'm wearing a thong under it. No, no. - How old are you? - Old enough to know that that is the last thing I want to hear my 15-year-old daughter saying. - Thong. - Don't. Thong. Thong! Hey! Hey. Eyes front, eyes front. There you go. Hey, Vincent, I heard something about a town meeting somewhere this morning? Do you know where or when? Oh. Here and now. HENRY: Good morning, Eureka! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And here's the Monday Morning Minute. After much discussion, we are installing our first traffic light on the corner of Main and Archimedes. Also, we'll be holding special elections next month for our new town mayor. All interested candidates please contact Allison Blake. And finally, today, one of our newest citizens, former US Marshall, Sheriff Jack Carter. Would you like to say a few words, Sheriff Carter? Oh, okay. Like he said, I'm Jack Carter and this is my daughter Zoe. - So, be nice. - Dad, stop talking. Now! It's nice to be here. Eureka is definitely unique. Hey, I was wondering if anybody would like to get together for, you know, a pick-up baseball game? just, you know, hang out and get to know each other. HENRY: Yeah, our minute's just about up, Sheriff. Oh, okay. Well, if anybody's interested... So, to recap, traffic signal, mayor's election, Sheriff Carter, baseball. Have a great week, folks! Baseball league. I just want to put him in my pocket. Be nice, Nathan. He's just trying to fit in. Yeah, well, don't hold your breath. Speaking of which, what's going on with the anti-missile shield array? I've got two teams working on it around the clock. I'll have your prototype by Friday. Good. The Department of Defense has invested a lot of money in that project, Nathan. They want to see returns, soon. Do they? Just a friendly word of advice. So, we're friends now? Well, I guess that's a step in the right direction. All right, don't get too excited. I'm not running out to renew our wedding vows or anything. Look, Allison, I was thinking, maybe we should... So, Kevin's been doing much better since he started the new drug trial. Good. That's good. He had a very positive session this morning. He's very calm, focused. He doesn't seem to be having any side effects from the methyl... Methylphenidate hydrochloride. It's a mouthful, but it may be the first step to finding a cure to autism. So, Kevin is definitely on the drug. Allison, even if I knew, I couldn't tell you. It's a double-blind study. If I told you, it would skew the results, invalidate the trial. I know. It's just that lately he's seemed more... I don't know, focused, connected to me, if that makes any sense. Well, that's what we were hoping for. Great. Then you'll keep me in the loop on the shield array? Consider yourself kept. Have a good day at school. You know, try not to commit any felonies. Good pep talk, dad. JO ON RADIO: Lupo for Carter. Over. Yeah, go ahead, Jo. Nice speech. Baseball's huge here. Over. Do you need something? I've got a hit and run off Coriolis Loop. - You need to see this. Over. - Copy. Perfect. Hey, Jo. What you got? Hit and run. She says they came out of nowhere. You get a description of the other vehicle? Well, that's just it, there is no other vehicle. Whatever hit her was on foot and, according to her, invisible. Did you give her a sobriety test? Yeah, she's clean. But check this out. Wow! So, what do you think hit her? Well, whatever it was, it went that way. You get bears around here? Heck, yeah. I've never seen a bear do anything like that. Well, what else could it be? Gigantopithecus Americanus. Taggart, what the hell? It could still be out there. What? Note the large stride, trail of destruction, the extended footprint. Tell me you don't mean Bigfoot. I mean Gigantopithecus Americanus. Let's give him a sobriety test. How'd you get here so fast? Heard you on my scanner. And what, you were just passing by in full cammies and night-vision goggles? Yeah. Nice. Hey, guys. Think we found our hit and run. Is that a body? Not anymore. He's saving the rest for later. That's how they feed. I've never seen anything like this before in my life. I have. It's never pretty. Would you stop with the Bigfoot? This is serious. I take Bigfoot very seriously. There's no way an animal did this, real or imaginary. Carter's right. I mean, look, these are friction burns, those are impact wounds. He's probably broken every bone in his body. - It's like he fell out of an airplane. - Yeah, only horizontally. Exactly. Okay. So we know this isn't an animal attack. If you buy that hypothesis. Yeah, I'm going out on a limb. Henry, what is this? That is a subcutaneous computer chip, probably biometric. I'm sorry? Oh, a genetically encoded marker, usually used for tracking or identification. Yeah, like I used on the black Rhino in the African bush. Yeah, just like that. Only, this is a little bit more sophisticated than what you would find on the open market. Which means... That this guy is either a researcher at Global Dynamics... Or the research. I'll call Stark. No, hold on. I've got a better idea. Hey, Spencer, get my pen. Allison Blake. Hey, Allison, it's Carter. I need a favor. I thought you'd never ask. Listen, I want to play first base. They're always putting me in right field. Well, actually, that's not why I'm calling. Oh. There's been an accident and it might be connected with Global Dynamics. We found a subcutaneous computer chip in the man's ribs and I need you to source it. Don't let anyone know, we're trying to do this as quiet as we can. Got it. You comfortable, Fargo? Can I offer you a beverage? I haven't slept in days. My team just can't keep up. Milton's team is full of Section Five guys. They have better materials, unlimited resources, not to mention 160 IQs. Competition breeds excellence. It brings out the best in us. Yeah, tell that to Nancy Kerrigan. You ever want to be considered for Section Five, you've got to be able to compete on their level. Talent will only get you so far. It comes down to attitude. Yeah, I got plenty of attitude, but what I don't have is a hyper-velocity, anti-missile shield array for the Pentagon test on Friday. Yeah, but at least I'm punctual. Milton's not late yet. Hey, Dr. Hauke. Aren't you going to be late for work? I've got plenty of time. Well, in that case, let me top you... Dr. Hauke, right on time. Okay, gentlemen. Change of plans. The team that can deliver a working prototype by tomorrow at 5:00 gets the funding. But you said Friday. By tomorrow we'll have it in a variety of colors for you, Dr. Stark. See what I mean, Fargo? Attitude. Okay, guys, our deadline is now tomorrow. So we need to step it up, we need to get serious, but mostly we need to cheat. Twice in one day. I'm starting to think you miss me. I think it's you who's missing someone. I'm betting the computer chip means... Nothing. I'm betting the computer chip means this guy was working on something classified. I don't know what's going on, but my gut tells me it's bad. His guts should have told you that. Well, let's hope the autopsy can get us something concrete. I want everything packed up and moved back to Global Dynamics. Hey. Hey! It's a crime scene! Don't touch anything. Jo, you want to tend to this? I appreciate your efforts, Sheriff, but this is a little above your pay grade, which I assume you knew since you called Allison before you called me. You are so stuck in right field. I had to tell him, Carter. We have strict protocols about this. You're interfering in a criminal investigation, and I'm the law. This man worked in Section Five, where I'm the law. So, unless you have hard evidence of a crime, you can stop what you're doing. Henry! Deep, deep right. Just consider me Switzerland. You know, just here packing up. I respect the job you do Sheriff, I do. It just ends here. - Oh, I'm just getting started. - Be prudent, Sheriff. I wouldn't want you to end up in a federal prison. Yeah, well, I wouldn't want you to end up - with my foot shoved up your ass. - Carter! Sheriff, we're grown men. I'd like to think we're a little more evolved than that. Oh, you overestimate me. Touch?. It's out of your hands. There's got to be something we can do. Stark's head honcho up at Global Dynamics. When he says, "Jump," everyone else says, "What trajectory?" Yeah, well. I say, "Screw him." Well, he's probably saying the same thing about you, only in Latin. You saw the body, right? I mean, there's no accident. I'm not giving up on this. Unless we can show evidence of a crime, you don't have much of a choice. I can't show evidence of anything, Stark took it all. Not all of it. That's a pen. No, it's a portable magnetic resonance imager. I just did a quick scan, while everybody else was distracted. We may not have a body, but with a little patience we are gonna have a darn good three-dimensional representation. Henry, I could kiss you. But, why don't we move this to Jo's desk? I'm running a reconstructive algorithm, just to sort of fill in the gaps. How long before we get a full image? A few hours, maybe less. Once I get it back to the garage, I can boost the processing power. Okay. In the meantime, Jo and I will try to figure out how this guy got this way. - Where we going? - Uh... Back to the woods. Odds are Stark's goons missed something. ELECTRONIC VOICE: Access to Section Five granted. Dr. Hauke, a word? Just a few finishing touches, Dr. Stark, and it should be ready for test phase. Good. Good. And your team, everyone pulling their weight? I didn't want to say anything, but Dr. Hawthorne wasn't up to the task, so I sent him home. When? Yesterday. Why? Well, there's been an accident. Hawthorne. Is there anything else I should know, Milton? Only that, in spite of his shortcomings, you're going to have a highly sophisticated, anti-missile prototype to test tomorrow. A man died, Milton. I have bigger concerns at the moment. So big you want us to stop working? I'll keep you apprised. Keep up the good work. - What was that about? - Nothing, just get back to work. It's Hawthorne? Something happen? Let me worry about Hawthorne. We need to make every second count. What? It's just enough to get us through the night. I don't know. These side effects... Something's not right with this stuff. One more dose isn't gonna kill you, Keller. Not taking it might kill your career. It's your call. MILTON: Okay, let's get back to work. No, come on. Bingo. Which basically means certain nonlinear, dynamical systems, extremely sensitive to initial conditions... Exhibits a phenomenon known as chaos. Come on, Courtney, that's a textbook definition. You've got to state specific examples. Open your eyes, meat. Sorry, it was an accident. You're not going to screw with my dad's credit scores again, are you? Lucky for you, I'm in a forgiving mood. Good God, it's Nerd-vana. You have no idea. I don't know. You look fairly normal. Well, everyone's got their way of standing out, like yelling "thong" in a crowded restaurant. Too much? It got my attention. Yeah, well, thongs get everyone's attention. I'm Dylan. Zoe. Yeah, I know. The Monday Minute. You did see that? Don't worry, I know exactly how you feel. It's a drag when people judge you by what your parents do. Your dad's a total loser, too? Actually, he's a Nobel laureate in chemistry. Mom's a physicist. Compared to them, I'm the loser and I got a 4.6 GPA. Well, that sucks. Yeah, that's growing up in Eureka. So, I guess you're one of the brainiacs, huh? Well, I do have an internship at Global Dynamics. I hope that doesn't color your opinion of me. Depends. On? Whether or not you let me cheat off you in class. Hey, Jo, do you have a knife? Ask a stupid question... Is that an ear? Yeah. There's our evidence. Oh, hey, Henry. How's it going? Fire in the hole! Jack, I'm sorry, I didn't hear you come in. I can't hear anything. Henry, what are you doing? Working on a hunch. A hypothesis on how our guy died and it wasn't any Bigfoot. Yeah, well, tell me something I don't know. Okay, he tripped. He tripped and was hit by the car? No, he hit the car. What, was he going like 500 miles an hour? 588 miles and hour, and he glanced off it, which would explain why the car spun out instead of being smashed on impact. Yeah, I think I like the Bigfoot theory again. Here, look, I've done numerous simulations. I've done mechanical augmentation, I've done temporal manipulation, I've done biological enhancement. Only one theory makes sense. Someone or something turned our guy into roadrunner. Okay, if that something was a chemical... Okay... that you could ingest, could you test for it? Sure, if I had a body. - How about a body part? - Oh, that's very good. Very good. Why does it look like me? HENRY: It's generic! Eureka. Henry, do you ever actually work on cars? Sometimes, when it gets slow, yeah. Here, look, check this out. See how when I probe the tissue, how the ADPIATP ratio is out of equilibrium? First thing I noticed. Not only that, this guy has highly elevated levels of cyclopentano- perhydrophenanthrene. He's been juicing! With what? Like, rocket fuel? I don't know, but you won't find it in Barry Bonds' locker. Could you find this in Section Five? Maybe. I'll know more once I isolate the compound. Um... Okay, okay. Let's say someone, literally, is speed-freaking. What signs would I look for? Besides running at 600 miles an hour? Appetite, extreme thirst. Any drug that would increase the metabolic rate this much requires massive amounts of electrolytes, simple and complex carbohydrates. Henry, you're a rock star. Can I borrow your wonder-pen? Sure, where you going? To grab a little lunch. So, I thought you were mad at me. If I was, would I be taking you out to lunch? Here? Well, maybe I'm a little mad at you, yeah. Okay, what is this about, Carter? Nothing. You know, we just never hang out. I mean, what's going on with you? You know, what's going on with Allison? Okay, for a cop, you're a bad liar. I'm afraid there may be drugs involved with our John Doe's death. What kind of drugs? The kind that can make you run at Mach five. - Are you sure you're not on drugs? - Yes. Look for someone eating a massive amount of food. - So we're looking for someone who's hungry? - Yeah. In a cafeteria, at lunch? Look, I'm not talking about a regular amount of hungry, I'm talking like post-super-speedy- drug-binge hungry. You think Global Dynamics has a drug problem? I think I have a dead researcher who was juicing on something. I mean, athletes juice, right? Why not scientists? Speaking of which, no cafeteria food's that good. Wait, wait, look, those guys are from Section Five. This has to be handled delicately. Trust me. Trust. Hey, guys, I hate to interrupt your lunch, but I was wondering if you could help me with something? I want to know what drug this guy was on and which one of you killed him. You son of a bitch. Is that delicate enough for you? Sheriff, I'm really starting to tire of this. Well, then, I'll make it easy on you. Have these guys submit to a drug test. Do you have evidence that they're taking something illegal? Well, illegal, no. But that body was pumped with something from your lab, and whoever gave it to him is looking at a possible murder charge. Assuming that's true, how do you know anybody else is taking it? Well, I have my reasons. I'm listening. These guys are eating way too much. Your damning evidence is a healthy appetite? Well, when you put it like that, it just sounds dumb. I know. Look, Sheriff, I'm gonna need something a little more conclusive than the munchies. Is that more what you had in mind? I want them quarantined and isolated for investigation. This is still an internal matter, Sheriff. Not anymore, Nathan. Fargo took this from Milton's team. Give it to me. I'll have it analyzed. That's evidence in an ongoing investigation. Carter is right. Milton obviously knows more than he's saying. I'll have Henry analyze this. We can interrogate Milton's team tomorrow. - Well, why not now? - I want to let them stew. Any drug that gets people this cranked has got to have a nasty rebound. All right, well, we can put them in the decontamination chamber - in Section Four. - Perfect. Nice tie. I'm really starting to dislike that guy. No, it's just been a long day. SARAH, beer me. SARAH: Enjoy. I love this house. You know, this workload is insane. I mean, who needs this kind of pressure? - When do kids just get to be kids? - Yeah, hard day at school? Actually, I made a friend. - That's great! What's her name? - His name is Dylan. Relax, he's perfectly normal and smart. He even has a student internship at Global D. Since when do you like guys who are normal and smart? SARAH: There's someone at the door. Since they look like him. SARAH, we need to talk about increasing security. Against burglars? Against boys. Wow, you guys live in a hole. I mean, it's a nice hole, it's very... Very postmodern Armageddon. This is Dylan. From the caf? this morning, right? Yeah, yeah. But I promise my intentions are honorable. It's not your intentions I'm worried about. Dylan's my chemistry tutor. Hmm. Just helping her get a head start, you know? You need all the help you can around here, believe me. Famous parents, overachiever, he has issues. Don't we all. Don't you have work to do? Yeah, I heard about that accident. You figure out what caused it yet? Yeah, as a matter of fact, we're this close. Okay, great, why don't you get on that, okay? All right. I'm just gonna be in the next room. I have a gun, you know that right? - Dad! Leave! - It's loaded. I'm just saying, I'm a pretty good shot. Now! Hey, Henry. It's Carter. Look, I think I got what killed our guy. Still working on the who, but I need a chemical analysis. So give me a call when you get in. What was that? Dad! Zoe, you okay? - Yeah. What was that? - A warning. They're all in pretty bad shape. I almost feel sorry for them. Well, he's almost ready. And, you're sure they were here all night? Yeah, they've been under constant surveillance. Well, someone trashed my place last night. Someone moving too fast for my security camera. If it wasn't one of them, they definitely know who it was. Maybe you should question them at some point. Do I tell you how to do your job? No, but that is an amusing idea. I'll question them when they're good and ready. Let me out of here. You can't keep me locked up like this. Let me out! Like now. A tape recorder? This is priceless. This is how this is gonna work, Milton. I'm not gonna ask you misleading, clever questions, not gonna try to trap you, right? You work in Section Five, I figure you're too smart for that. - Good. - Good. What is gonna happen is that I'm gonna sit right out there and watch you slowly go into withdrawal, until every nerve in your body is on fire. Until your skin is crawling and your brain is begging for whatever the hell you took. You see, I got a body pumped full of just God knows what and everything points to you. I didn't kill him or anybody. Nice, yeah, I need a different story. You got options Milton. You have options until I head out that door. Okay. Good luck. Wait. We were just trying to keep up. I didn't know anybody would get hurt. - Who else is involved? - Nobody. Nobody. Somebody trashed my house trying to get me to back off from this investigation, and if you clowns were in lock up... Okay. But first, you got to know, it wasn't my... It wasn't what? Milton? Milton? It wasn't what? I was so close. It must be a reaction to coming off the drug. His metabolism is overcompensating, forcing his nervous system to shut down. Can you counteract it? Not without knowing exactly what he was taking. - What did he say? - I don't know. But my assistant might. Don't ever call me that. Not you. Give me. MILTON: ... just used it and so did Hawthorne, so you can't hold me responsible for his death. Priceless, huh? MPH is still experimental, but with it altered like that... - But no one thought... - What's MPH? I think he's talking about methylphenidate hydrochloride. It's an advanced form of Ritalin. That's the drug they're using on Kevin in the study. They must have altered it in the lab, changed the chemical composition. Who has access to it? I can access the personnel files, but it will be a long list. Researchers, kids, their parents, techs, student interns. Now, hold it, student interns? One of them named Dylan? Yes. Dylan Hartwell, he's a senior at Tesla. That's my daughter's boyfriend. Son of a bitch was hiding in plain sight. Okay, Jo, you go to the kid's house, I'm hitting the school. I'm on it. I can't believe you did that. Allison. You convinced me to put Kevin in that study, now you've given him a drug that has killed a man. The drug didn't kill him. Cooking it in the lab did, and I didn't give Kevin anything. Oh, great. So now you're going to try to lay the blame on someone else? No, I'm telling you that Kevin isn't on the drug. What? He's not on MPH. He's receiving the placebo. How could you know that? It's a double-blind study. Because I cheated. Look, MPH is perfectly safe when used properly, but with every new drug there's side effects and until we knew more, I just... I couldn't risk it. That can't... No, he has been so different since he started that trial. Because you're different. Any progress that Kevin has made, it's because of his relationship with you. Not because of any drug. And, you've known about this all this time? I'm sorry I couldn't tell you. I... I just wanted what was best for him. Don't lie to me again, but, thank you. Zoe. - Hey! - Hey. Where's Dylan? It was one kiss during homeroom, relax. Okay, I'll freak out about that later. Right now, I need to know where Dylan is. Okay, I don't know, I'm not his keeper. All right, come with me, come on. I'll bring a note tomorrow. I'm telling you he's using drugs. You know, of course, you think the guy I like must be using drugs. He had access to the lab and he was in our house last night when it was trashed. What are you... Dylan was right next to me the whole time. This drug, MPH, he cooks into speed, literally. I mean, it can make you move faster than the eye can see. Do you realize how crazy you sound? Nobody can move that fast. Dad! Why couldn't you just leave it alone? I told you to back off! You had to keep pushing. Everybody's always pushing, all the time. Dylan, where's Zoe? You don't know what it's like! I know what it's like to be pulled from a moving vehicle. Where's my daughter? I cooked the MPH so that I could keep up! They came to me. I wasn't dealing it! They said that if I helped them, that they would help me. They would help me move up, you know. Now I'm gonna lose my internship. Do you have any idea how hard that I worked for that? Dylan, you got to trust me. No, I told Hawthorne to watch the dosage! Okay. So it's an accident, right? You can come back from this as long as you don't do anything else stupid, more stupid. Don't call me stupid! You got to listen to me. And don't tell me what to do. Okay, you got to stop doing that. Dad! Zoe, stay put! - Dylan? - Back off! Zoe! Put the gun down, Dylan. Why, so I can go to jail for the rest of my life? - Damn straight! - Not helping! I can't go to jail. It doesn't have to end like this. - I can't go to jail. - Dylan, don't! No! Dylan! Two bits of advice, always check the safety and never rush the mound when the pitcher's got the ball. - Dad! - Hey. Are you okay? Yeah, are you? Yeah, well, better than your boyfriend. We are so broken up. Where's the car? This is Dr. Stark, I'd like a new project given top priority. That's right. Section Five. Okay, will you lighten up, Carter? This was your idea. Don't remind me. Look, I know it's not the way you picked your bit, but the important thing is people are making an effort. Really? Is that what this is, an effort? I call this an abomination. Well, it's a beautiful day here at Quantum Field. HENRY: Our very own Jack Carter. Jack Carter, ladies and gentlemen. Let's hear it for Jack Carter as he steps up to the plate. Time to play ball! Dad! Come on! Batter, batter, batter. Crowd the plate, law dog. I dare you. Just throw the damn ball, dogcatcher. Come on, dad! This pitcher's got no game! Not gonna get you out! HENRY: Taggart is looking for his pitch. Oh, come on. Finally he sees something that he likes. Winds up for the pitch... He hits the ball, long fly to center. He caught it at the fence! It's the first big play of the game! Now, that is what I call baseball! Let a pro show you how it's done. HENRY: Allison Blake steps up to the plate. And it is creamed. This is going to be a hell of a game. You know what I'm talking about? A hell of a game. I'll never get used to this town. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 