David Makes Man: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 David Makes Man 
 s1e9 - Some I Love Who Are Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 David Makes Man (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Some I Love Who Are Dead - full transcript 
 Family drama, tension and violence ensue as the hurricane hits south Florida. David and family ride it out at Gloria's mother's house, where secrets are revealed. Raynan rides out the storm... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hurricane evacuation orders, you got to get to the shelter or find a place by tomorrow. Bye, Dai, see you around. Granddaddy. Hey. Seren hasn't been acting right and I know it has something to do with you. Yo, you're like my best friend. [David] You're like my only friend. Mom, it's me. [Mom] Yes? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Gloria. -I know. I'm an addict, I want to check out of life sometimes to survive my life. I didn't tell him we'd been doing the scripts! He wasn't supposed to have all of that money, man. Fuck, fuck, fuck. [David] We both got somebody to worry about, let's just make sure Teo will worry about 'em too. We need to have a talk about your nephew. [David] This is all on us, if we fuck around somebody might die. [crying] ♪ Ooh 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Ooh ♪ Ooh -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like a motherless child -♪ Sometimes I feel like a motherless child ♪ -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like a motherless child -♪ Sometimes I feel a motherless child ♪ -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like a motherless child -♪ Sometimes I feel like a motherless child ♪ -♪ Oh, I'm a long -♪ A long way home -♪ A long way -♪ Sometimes I feel Few can tell you exactly which tradition performs this processional, but we know it has its roots in circle dance, drum call and response, ring shouts. -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm almost gone ♪ -♪ Hey, sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm almost gone ♪ -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel like -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm almost gone ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey -♪ Sometimes, sometimes I feel ♪ -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel like I'm almost gone ♪ -♪ Sometimes I feel [Dr. Woods-Trap] The wailing. The singing and swaying allow grief to move from intellectual and emotional to spiritual. The cries of the mourner, giving themselves unto the unknowable. -♪ I'm a long, long way -♪ A long way gone -♪ I'm a long, long way -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ But I can hear, I can hear -♪ A long way gone -♪ My momma calling me -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ To come back home -♪ Like a motherless child -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ I can hear her calling me -♪ Oh -♪ And I'm a long way from home ♪ Why? ♪ I can hear my momma calling me ♪ ♪ I can hear her calling me ♪ Telling me to find a way ♪ I can hear her calling me ♪ Oh, I'm a long way from home ♪ -♪ Oh, sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel ♪ Like a motherless child ♪ Oh, sometimes I feel like ♪ Such a long, long way from home ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel like a motherless child ♪ [distant crying] [Ms. Elijah] Look at Willie's poor momma. Bad enough we got a storm coming, they gotta shutter up our homes. Hurricane Paul is rare for its size and slow speed. As it continues to move farther inland, it is expected to stall, sending down a deluge of water and causing massive flash flooding. Several counties are already under mandatory evacuation. Moving on to breaking news now, yesterday another tragedy befell the community of Homestead Village. An 11-year-old boy was found dead of a drug overdose in an old abandoned apartment, in the small community of Homestead. [crying] [theme music playing] Why y'all not packed? Your brother needs a minute. [JG] Yeah, Dai, don't be a asshole. Okay, Jonathan Greg. You know Ms. Hertrude gonna be knocking on our door any minute now, you got an answer for her? Answer for what? It's a hurricane coming, we gotta leave. Now. Where we gonna go? Go on in there and pack a bag JG. Yo, where we going? Go on, boy, like your brother said, we ain't got a lot of time. Make sure he packs. [rap music playing] What the-- -Perdon? -Oh, uh, hey, Ma. Hey, Ma? I've been calling you for like five minutes. Oh, but for real though, what you need? -Why you so wound up? -What? You leave first thing in the morning, come back late. Sometimes after I've gone to bed, most times not even that. Ma, you don't need to worry, I'm not doing nothing stupid. By the way you've been acting lately, I'm scared you already did. Teo's gonna be here any minute, now I gotta get this mofongo started. -Unc's coming here? -Yeah, I told you that. No, Ma, you didn't. His business trip got canceled so he's riding out the storm with us. Thank you, Elijah. Mrs. Hertrude, please don't come over here starting with me today. I ain't starting you, all I'm trying to do is keep track of where-- Everybody's going, no idea just yet. We all ain't got options, but I'm working on it. Soon as I get it all figured out, you'll be the first to know. Well you better figure it out quick, you only need one. Your momma's address is listed as emergency and the storm ain't waiting for nobody to get their shit together! Hey, Momma, JG's packed. I cleaned out the fridge and made some... sandwiches. You got your poncho? [groans] Oh! [door knocking] Yeah? What you want? I wanna know where you're going. Here. Boy, you can't stay here. The fuck I can't. I got food, water, and a phone. They want everyone to evacuate. I got the number of a shelter. [crying] [distant chattering] [David] She going with y'all? [Tare] Yeah. [David] Where y'all headed? My older sister's. My mom's trying to hurry up before the traffic gets bad so... You? Yeah. Yeah, we're about to leave. My mom's packing right now though. Is Seren still... Yeah. Probably be a few days before we all get back here. Yeah. Probably. It'll be good to be away. Not from you. Just from everything. No, no, I hear you. JG's been... JG. I just, I just can't believe he's gone. [cries] Tare... um. -[romantic music plays] -[heart beating] Hey. You okay? Um, I should get going. [mom] Tare. Come on, we gotta go. You guys be safe, okay? Yeah, y'all too. Hey, where you think you're going? The storm's practically on top of us. Ray, what's so important you have to get to now? Probably chasing pussy. [speaking in foreign language] [Teo] Hey, sis. I'm so grateful. Looking fabulous as always. Hey, man, close that door and get up over here. Rain's about to start. We got some shit to catch up on. Yeah, hey, what's that I smell? Oh, don't tell me you're already chopping it up in there, sis. [tense music playing] -[people chattering] -[dance music playing] [woman] That's what I'm saying though. Come on, you stop all the time. Oh, oh, for real, bro. -That's my girl. -No. [loud laughing] You can't be nice, you can't be nice to folks. [Gloria laughing] I can drink you under the table. What the hell? [Gloria's friend] Boy, what is wrong with you? Momma, I-- I... what, David? Jesus, I can't believe you sometimes. You sure you don't want me to have one of them young bucks take him out back and teach him a lesson? No, he good, he just looking out for his momma. Always acting like you running things. Try staying in your own lane. Can you go back inside and find something to do and stay out of my business? Relax yourself, please. Where JG at? [JG] I ain't scared of death. Baby J? I ain't never had nobody, well at least my age, die like that. Baby J? Oh, hey, Momma. Why you out here talking to yourself? I'm not talking to myself, I'm talking to Quita. Quita? Yeah, she a good listener. She lost her own brother to the gang. What's up? Get our stuff, we leaving. How the fuck you let an 11-year-old die on your watch? That shit wasn't my fault. Whose then? Don't know, I got swept up, remember? Look. Are you in charge out there or not? -Yeah, I'm in charge. -Then act like it, neph! If shit goes south, it's your fault. If an 11-year-old boy dies, it's your fault. Swept up or not. Oh. Any of your shit finding its way back to us? No. Dai saw to it. Handled that shit like a boss. Picked it right up. You need to be kissing the ground that nigga walk on. Sit down. I got a wad of cash burning a hole in my pocket. Heavier than usual. You wanna tell me why? Business been good. Okay, what is up with you two? Felt it as soon as Teo walked in here. [door knocking] Who's that now? [Angie] Hey, get in here, it's pouring out there. Teo didn't tell me you were coming. Better start praying. [Angie] Look who's joining us. Well, go on, you have room for one more? [wind howling] Are we there yet? Not yet. Still don't know why we had to leave. Can't you see Momma's trying to rest? Momma's still sitting right here. She don't need you talking for her. Yeah, Dai. [Gloria] That goes for you too, sir. I know you hurting over losing your friend, but you still gotta keep your manners. Yes, Momma. And I'm still the adult here, capable of taking care of myself and the two of you, okay? Okay. I can't even remember the last time we saw-- Yeah, she looking forward to it too. I think my chances of getting into Hurston are good. -Is that right? -Yeah. Your teacher give you that recommendation? As soon as we get back into school. She sure is taking her sweet time. She's been a little distracted lately. Wait, they still haven't found Seren? Oh, God, Dai, I completely forgot. His momma must be going crazy. And you don't know nothing? I don't know where he is. Well, I pray for him. [Gloria] Come on, boy, hurry up! [David] Move, JG! [doorbell ringing] Why y'all out front? You know everybody come through the side. I thought you was the police. -Grandma. -Oh, hey, baby, you wet. Come on in. -Hey, Grandma. -Hey, David. Put them bags back there in the back. Hey, Ma. So you just gonna stand there all day? Catch the storm if you want, be my guest. Boy, you trying to run my electric up? I'm hungry. Your momma didn't feed you? [JG] No. Of course I did, JG, why you telling stories? I feed my... You know what? Mrs. Cletus say I'm being emotional because of Willie Derrick. Gloria, what is he talking about? Just a kid from The 'Ville who died. Just a kid from The 'Ville who died. What kind of environment are you raising them in, Gloria? One I can afford. My children are fine. Well, if you brought 'em by more often, I would know that. [thunder rumbles] [wind howling] They're opening up a new wing down at the clinic. It should be open in two years' time. Oncology. That still in your district, Teo? [Teo] Mm-hmm. This plantain is delicious, Angie. Mofongo. [Angie] Thank you, there's plenty more on the stove. Tastes just like home. Since when do Jamaicans eat mofongo? Taste like home cooking. That's because it is home-cooked at my home. Why aren't you at your home? Hey, hey, watch your mouth, 'brino. Fuck is your problem, man? Teo, not at the dinner table. The wife took the kids to New York and get out of the storm. Go spend some time with their family. [thunder rumbles] You married? Well, ex. Two kids. So, why you ain't go with them? Raynan! It's okay. Figured this would be a good time to get some breathing room. You know, stay here. Plus, your uncle invited me to have a nice meal with some family. Mm, sounds like a deadbeat dad to me. Quick enough to stay alive for my kids though. Yo, shut the fuck up! [Angie] Raynan, por favor. Hey, it's not your fault you ain't got no daddy. Hey, watch your mouth, man. Maybe I can play daddy now. Go on, ask your mommy. Hey, stop it. Stop it! [screaming] Hey, boy, you think you're man enough to come test me? You don't think me won't murder you in front of your mother? Let's go. Hey, boss, no need for all the flashy jewelry. Now, you know your nephew had no business-- No, he didn't. Okay? And I'll deal with him. But you don't put your hands on him in his mother's house. Plus, you ruined my sister's nice meal. So I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Angie, give this man an umbrella. Are you fucking kidding me? [wind howling] Thank you for dinner. Sorry for the mess. You, make sure you clean this shit up. Come on. Come on. Another inch and it would have been your eyeball. [scoffs] If a bitch had balls, she'd be my dog. You're lucky you're already hurt. Fuck's the matter with you? It's like you wanna get your face smashed in. You don't have to be a tough guy all the time, you know? Your dad was a tough guy and look where that got him. He died, but he died on top. The hood respects Sky. They still scared of him. They still love him. That's what he left me. That's my legacy. He never wanted this for you. Neither did I. You are so smart, you know? You can... well, you can do anything. He would want you to be better than this. He would want you to be better than he was. Than we was. We? You was never in the game, Ma. How you think we met? I just decided to deal over the counter. But we both didn't want you nowhere near this life though. I miss him. I know, baby. I miss him too. [door knocking] [Teo] Raynan, we need to talk. Get your black ass out here ahora. Hey. Be brave. [thunder claps] I ain't gonna hurt you. 'Cause it'll break my sister's heart. I couldn't do that to her. Or me. And we've all we got. But make no mistake, if I find out that you've been stealing or assisting in theft or cooperating in any way, I will joyfully make your life a living hell for as long as my lungs draw breath. Is that clear? -Yes. -Good. Speak. Okay, first of all, Unc, you gotta know that I would never lie to you, okay? Right, so I ain't got no idea how you been coming up short. 'Cause ever since we went wholesale, the scripts been smooth, -I mean-- -Whoa, what scripts? The prescriptions. Say more. Well, a few weeks with a boosted prescription pad started a new operation to get supplies straight from the pharmacy. No more one-offs. So like, we been copping Oxy, Vic, Xany, like, whatever. Shit been hand over fist, straight up. I thought we was all eating good. Thought? I handed the money to Des. He come back the next week grinning. I thought shit was smooth. [tense music playing] [gun clicks] It be our own niggas. [chuckles] [wind howling] [thunder claps] And this here's your uncle, Butch. He was in Vietnam. [David] Whoa. Who's this? Where did you get this? And why do you have it? This is Darius, whatever happened to him? I haven't talked to him since he left me on his porch. -Have you? -Well, if I recall, you left him. When did I leave? Exactly. He denied his son. The man was married. Oh, he was just being a man. You shoulda did what you needed to do to get him to marry you. He had a job, he was tall too. Probably coulda kept you off that stuff. Instead of raising two boys with no daddy. I got a daddy. Baby, James Gregory wasn't nobody's daddy. He was a hood, died how he lived. Don't say shit about my dad. David, take your brother to the other room, go. You. Are a horror. Okay, Gloria, you need to believe that, and I can't stop it. But my maker knows the truth and he is who I answer to. What truth, Momma? The one where Daddy was crawling, huh? This man was in my bed at night, sliding between the sheets and pressing his self up against me, that truth? I'm telling you, I'm coming to you, the truth that I told you and you didn't believe, or the lies that he told me to say? You can lie to yourself and you can lie to me, but you cannot lie to God. God knows! Your heart and your mind. And that's why you worry. You stop this! You walked in! And he was on top of me. That man didn't want you. You always trying to tempt somebody. He was trying to get you to hush up all that noise. He didn't have to silence me. It didn't matter if I yelled as loud as I could. The one person who I told, who was supposed to keep me safe, who was supposed to love me the most! Foolishness, this is foolishness. But you know, you know! You know it. And it's eating at you and your heart. And I swear, this storm blow over, and you don't have to worry about me or my babies or they no daddies, 'cause I'm gonna leave you alone to let that eat at you by your damn self! You can blame me and you can blame your daddy for whatever you think he did to you, but you did whatever your life is, you did that. You were smart, creative, joyful girl. And you turned to wickedness. You chose to hang out with Elijah and them. You did that. You took to it. I told you, back when you first told me that you was pregnant, I said, "Give it to the Lord. Live your life." Like you wished you would have? I do. Maybe things would've been different, because I wanted different for you. They are different 'cause mine love me. Bet that! [David] She's right. What did you just say? If you wasn't with my... Darius, you could have did whatever you wanted to do with your life. Instead of being stuck with us. Don't you say that. Don't you ever even think that. I wanted to have you. If I didn't, I wouldn't live. You are not a mistake. Ma. It's not gonna get real hot. The power off. Electric water heater. Shit. I mean... You're too smart. I got it, Ma. Go lay down. [door opens] You need more water? Take that picture down for me. Jesus always kept my secrets for me. There were always so many rules in this house, like, we couldn't have nothing. No TV. No birthdays. No candy. No fun. [sighs] It was like... she wanted me to lie. I hated it. I never wanted you boys to grow up like that. I was lucky to find a friend. Friends are important. Sometimes, they're all you have. Sometimes, friends help you in ways you didn't even know you needed help. They help you survive. They help you escape. So, that's why my middle name's Elijah? Heard from Seren yet? You ain't gotta say nothing. I'm sorry I made you mad, Ma. You don't gotta worry about rent. I was gonna tell you not to do nothing stupid, David. But, you the smartest person I know. You don't gotta say nothing. [phone ringing] -Hello. -[Raynan] Yo, Unc bit. He back on Desmond now for sure. Don't call this line no more. I'll let you know when we on. ♪ Ooh ♪ Ooh ♪ Ooh Leave, man, you got... Leave for me. Leave for me. I can't help you. I can't help you. ♪ Motherless child... Mm, mm, mm. Woo. I ain't never been in here before. Well, why would you be? [both laughing] -Shit, let's play cards, shit. -Kick me out in the storm. [administrator] On behalf of the Galvin Middle School's administration, I hope that everyone is safe and secure during this storm. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all, and especially with student Seren Kelly and his family. If anyone has any information pertaining to his whereabouts, please do not hesitate to call the police or the front office. Thank you and stay safe. ♪ A long way ♪ A long way from home I know I haven't done this in a long, long time. And I'm sorry. But please, God, please let my friend Seren be okay. -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Hey, sometimes -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I feel -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ Like I'm almost gone -♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm almost gone ♪ ♪ So as I'm a long, long, long way ♪ -♪ A long, long way from home -♪ Sometimes I feel -♪ I'm a long, long way -♪ Sometimes I feel ♪ Such a long, long way ♪ From home Thank you. [theme music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 