Eastbound & Down: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Eastbound & Down 
 s2e2 - Chapter 8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Eastbound & Down (2009–2013): Season 2, Episode 2 - Chapter 8 - full transcript 
 Charros owner Sebastian Cisneros agrees to pull out all the stops in promoting Kenny Powers' return to organized baseball, but Kenny loses motivation after learning a secret about April from an old friend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [STEVIE MOANING] Oh, God. Oh, God. Uh-huh. Look at me, Mom. Look at me, Mom. Oh, yeah. Get it, Daddy. Mm. I feel like I could go all fucking night. But you only paid for an hour, baby. Oh, right. No, but if I had paid for more, then I could... Ooh! Oh, God! Let it all out. Get a good return on that dollar. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [MOANING] That's it. Gone on, get it. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com You know, I didn't even know you ho's took credit cards until recently. Well, baby, some do and some don't. The good ones do though. [SIGHS] Do you remember servicing this man? Oh, maybe. Who is he? He's just an old friend that I've been looking for. Oh, so you wanted to fuck me because your friend fucked me? Nope, I wanted to walk a mile in his shoes. And today's shoes just happened to be 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a big old pair of comfy black boots. [LAUGHS] Bitch, don't call me no boots. Can I ask you another question? How was he? Oh, so you wanna know if he was better than you? No, I just wanna know what he was like. That motherfucker was an animal. [CROWD CHATTERING] KENNY: Chapter Eight: Joining the new team. [SNORTING] Whew! Over the course of my career, I played on many different teams. Some I liked, and some I really fucking hated but let's just say Seattle can tongue-kiss my shit hole. The best way to get a new team on your side is to trash the last team you played for. Talk shit about how their fans suck and their women have pancake titties. And if that doesn't work, then just like prison, you pick the biggest, baddest dude on the team and you kick him in his fucking teeth. Boom! That's right. Strike out. Yeah, good. Hey, buddy, don't beat yourself up. You pretty much had the whole entire force of God coming at you. How fast was that? Felt like about 100. Last one was 90. Oh, no shit. Maybe you should get your radar gun recalibrated. Maybe. Maybe you should ice that shoulder. It's been a while. Stay focused, and you're gonna do just fine. [LAUGHS] Th's real cute, Roger, but you can save your pep talk for somebody who needs it. I got this comeback locked down tight like a little gi's tuna. Well, we'll see about that, huh? This... This is totally locked down tight like a girl's private parts, who's small. Locker-room talk, baby. Mr. Powers. Petrus Marco What the hell you doing trying to creep on me? I work for Mr. Cisneros, the owner of the Charros, your new boss. He would like to meet you. Well, where the fuck is he? Follow me. You luring me into a rape or something? What is this? [♪] KENNY: Not bad. This is one hell of a pussy palace, huh? Lot of marbles and architectures and shit. Flying buttresses. A lot of original artworks. Very impressive. Mr. Cisneros is training with his sensei. Sensei? [BOTH GRUNTING] Kenny Powers is here. That will be it for today. Kenny Powers, man. It's a pleasure to meet you, man. Hey, good to meet you too, man. That's a nice sword you got. Yeah, I didn't even know Asian dudes even lived in Mexico, and here you got one training you to be a ninja. Very impressive. Oh, no, no, no. He's not from Mexico. I fly him from Tokyo, man. Straight from the tap. Oh, high roller, huh? Goddamn, look at that view. Seeing this house and your fine sword and hearing how you're importing and exporting Chinamen, let me guess, you must be fucking rich. Yeah. It's cool. [LAUGHS] How much exactly does it cost to b a Mexican baseball team? Ten bucks and a burrito? [BOTH LAUGH] That's racism, man. I love to racism, bro. Ah, I could tell by the look in your face you didn't think that there was. I definitely didn't think there was anybody How'd you snag all this loot? v. Well, my parents died in, like, a plane crash and, you know, my pappy, he died right away but my mommy, she lingered, so it was a tough decision, man, but I had to pull the plug, you know? [SIGHS] I killed my mother. It's okay. Shit, that's pretty heavy stuff. Man, that must suck. Yeah, it sucks to be an orphan. But you know what doesn't suck? Being a millionaire. I see it does have its advantages. You know, me and you, we have more in common than you realize. I, too, am very, very wealthy. I'm also an orphan. My dad ran out on me when I was just a kid. All he left was a batch of hepatitis on the toilet seat. Ah. Yeah, had to build my whole empire from the ground up by myself. Solo. You re famous at one point. I'm still pretty famous. Still have a lot of fame. Yeah, okay, man. I wanna cut right to the chase. How can I help you? We, I'll tell you how you can help me, Sebastian. You do realize when I take the mound this Friday night, it's going to be the first time Kenny Powers has taken the mound in quite a long time. It's a fucking big deal, and not just to me. To you, to the whole team, to the fucking villagers, everybody. Okay, I... I got it. Do you want me to get, like, the publicity department to organize something, like, the pictures, and to supply the rainbows and the unicorns, like, all the stuff that you were saying? We're fucking sharing a brain right here. Exactly. That's it, man. Yup. I want this shit to have the pageantry of a goddamn Alabama concert. Talking about fireworks, smoke bombs, laser beams, moonwalks. You know how your people lit up the Alamo? That's the shit I'm talking about. Pow. You're like a showman, man. I get it. Yes, like a... No, not like a showman. Part entertainer? Yes, of course. But I consider myself more like a retired gunfighter being called out of retirement for one more fucking showdown. Can I ask you one question, though? Do you plan on just having one showdown or is it going to be a lot of showdowns? No, there'll be multiple showdowns. Multiple showdowns? Yeah. I'm not trying to sign a Mexican contract or no shit. We'll take it game by game, but of course, yeah, I'm definitely playing for more than one game. You guarantee that. Done. Everything you want, man. It's done. To you, man. Bam. Mm-hm. [RATTLING INSIDE] [♪] Kenny! Aah! Oh, shit! [SCREAMS] Oh, Kenny, you shot me! Oh, shit! [SCREAMING] Come on, stop screaming! Stop fucking screaming! Oh, my God! Kenny! What the fuck are you doing here? I came to find you! I'm not doing too good, Kenny! [MUFFLED SCREAM] Shh! Shh! All right. This is gonna kill the infection. [SCREAMS] Oh, shit! [SCREAMS] Oh, shit. My bad. That's margarita mix. Oh, God! Don't go into shock! I'm going into shock! Don't go into fucking shock! I'm going into shock. [SCREAMS] Stay awake. Just stay awake. I'll be right back. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Que paso? Yo, do you guys have any goddamn Band-Aids, Q-tips, Mercurochrome, some Vagisil, shit like at, first-aid stuff? [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] [SHOUTING IN SPANISH] Come on! My sister Maria, she's a nurse. You... You got blood. You hurt or something? Yes, goddamn it. We have a Rescue 911 situation. Come on! Come on, weird woman! Go! Siesta. Come on! [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] CATUEY: What happened? KENNY: I don't know. I think he shot himself in his leg. Fire. My leg is on fire. [SHUTS OFF WATER] You're not on fire, Stevie. You're in a bathtub, okay? These people are friends. The lady one is gonna help you. You can fix him, right? [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] English, por favor. She can fix him, but he's gonna have to stay put. As in stay put here in my home? Sí. Yes. All right, I mean, I just really wasn't prepared to have guests. Good to see you, Kenny. Shh. Please don't speak. Just get better. [MUTTERING IN SPANISH] [♪] [MAN SINGING IN SPANISH] Well, I see Sebastian put up some banners. Yeah. Nice banner. I do hope you're kidding. Looks like shit. What the hell's he doing, printing that from JPEG? Motherfucker needs to use TIFF files. My face looks computery and damn pixelated. Actually, Kenny, that's a lot of fanfare for the Charros. Could be a major distraction to the team, Kenny. Oh, are some of the guys talking shit? No, no, nothing like that. Are they getting jealous? They're just losing focus. They're getting jealous. Let me unify the team real quick. Guys. Guys, come on in here. Hey, Kenny. We need you to warm up that arm. Come on! Can I get y'all to come in? Come on. Let's go. Come in. Can we take a knee? Guys, can we take a knee? Knee. Down on the knee. Roger, help me out here, dude. [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] [MIMICKING IN SPANISH] Come on, guys. Okay. Now, this Friday night, I guarantee you it is gonna be the biggest goddamn comeback celebration any of y'all have ever seen. There's gonna be people cheering, and spotlights and fireworks. I wouldn't even doubt if there's a couple chicks showing their fucking pussies off. How do you say "pussy" in Spanish? Panocha. KENNY: Panocha? I wouldn't doubt if some of the muchachas show their panochas off. They might show their panochas off. They might be waving their panochas all over the place. What I don't want to happen is to be looking around while everybody's fucking screaming and cheering and celebrating me and see all my teammates pouting and being jealous little bitches, dude. Okay? Remember, there is no I in "team," but there is a U in "cunt," so don't be little jealous cunts, okay? Let me get the praise, and just be satisfied with the fact that you will get the run-off panocha. Um, you done? You done, Kenny? Yeah, I'm done. I don't know why we're all fucking around. We got a game to get ready for. Let's get back to practice. Come on. Get into this shit. [SPEAKS IN SPANISH] [MIMICKING SPANISH] Come on, vamanos. ROGER: Let's go, Kenny. Get to work. Let's do this shit. [GEORGE JONES' "THE GRAND TOUR" PLAYING] ♪ Step right up ♪ ♪ Come on in ♪ ♪ If you'd like to take ♪ ♪ The grand tour ♪ ♪ Of the lonely house ♪ KENNY [ON RECORDING]: Hello, this is Kenny Powers checking in and continuing his novel. Uh, still feeling pretty sad. Got about a medium buzz on right now. GEORGE JONES: ♪ Just some things That I will tell you ♪ ♪ Some things I know Will chill you ♪ ♪ To the bone ♪ ♪ Over there ♪ ♪ Sits the chair ♪ ♪ Where she'd bring The paper to me ♪ ♪ And sit down on my knee ♪ ♪ And whisper "Oh, I love you" ♪ ♪ But now she's gone forever ♪ [GASPS] STEVIE: You are a majestic creature. What is thy name, steed? What the hell e you doing? Playing petting zoo, trying to get a fucking staph infection? I'm just checking out your new digs, man. That donkey is pretty cool. I guess if you're walking around playing Doctor Doolittle, your leg must not be hurt too bad. No, I'm hurt pretty bad. Being shot definitely hurts, Kenny. Yeah, well, so does having a gun go off by accident in your hand. The middle of my palm's been stinging all day. Almost like an itch burn. I have fucking missed you, man. I missed you a lot. Did you miss me, man? I'm so glad to see you. Yeah, yeah. Enough with the hugs. Yeah, I missed you, big time. Mm-hm. But real quick, how the fuck did you find me? Oh, that mystery. When the charges first started showing up on my credit card, I thought, "This is fucking fraud," but then I looked a little bit closer at what was being purchased: Beer, Jager, lube, Magnum condoms. Mm-mm. Nope. Not me. Whippets, business cards. And that's when I realized you were leaving me a trail of fucking bread crumbs. Bread crumbs? Yeah, $22,000 worth of bread crumbs that led me straight to you, motherfucker. You're being serious? Yeah, I'm serious. Well, that's good. Because you're right. That's exactly what my intentions were. I'm glad you were able to decipher my da Vinci code. Welcome to the fucking manger, homes. I am glad that you sent me a complex code, Kenny. I am ready to fucking party. I guess we're gonna party. Fuck, yeah! [DANCE MUSIC BLARING] STEVIE: Whoo! This is the greatest night of my life! This is me every night, dude, just staring at butt holes and getting a buzz on. Oh, this is awesome. You can totally see straight through the butt hole, right into the pussy, man. That is awesome. KENNY: Man, I don't think those two things are connected. STEVIE: Maybe. [LAUGHS] KENNY: So, what's the haps back in Bumfuck? You know that shit hole. Nothing ever changes. Clegg is in rehab. Again? Yeah. And I was going over to your brother's house a lot after you left. But something must have happened, because then he says to me that I can't come over and play with the boys when he's not there anymore. Stevie, I don't give a shit about any of them. What's going on with April? Stevie, I asked you a question, man. What's going on with April? Uh, I haven't seen much of April lately. Hope she's not just locked up in her house, hooked on meds. That's a slippery slope. Well, I guess after you left, she got back together with Cutler and, uh, they ended up getting married. Married? Yeah. Are you fucking kidding me? No, I'm not kidding you. After I conquered him in the love triangle, she went ahead and married him? Yeah, I'm sorry. That's great for her. Good thing I'm in the midst of this monumental comeback. Honestly, I just feel sorry for her. Me too. I mean, I have no idea what it would be like just to live a life full of fucking compromises. Unbelievable. To Cutler? Yeah. To Cutler. So you can move on or... Hey, I meant to ask you. When exactly are you heading back home? Whenever I want. I got an open-ended ticket, nigga. You got burritos and tacos, but in the America you got pizza and hamburger. What the fuck are you talking about? [CAR HORN HONKING] Go around. Jesus Christ. Go around. Steve. Steve. H. Hey. Hey, where you been? I just got into town, so I didn't know you... She's talking to me, you dipshit. Uh, I've been around. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm playing tonight, so you and your friend should come see me. Yeah, well, I don't think I'll be able to catch that. I just had some, uh, pretty devastating news dropped on top of my fucking head, and so I need a little bit of time just to kind of marinate on it and work out my hormones and shit. You should also know that, uh, my name is not really Steve. It's actually Kenny, Kenny Powers. I'm a world-famous baseball player. I don't think I shared that with you. Wait, your name's not Steve? No, I was using an alias. Steve just kind of seems like the name of somebody who has absolutely nothing going on in their life. [GRUNTS] Uh, looks like your friend is sick. You should get him home. Yeah, I'm gonna do that. Adios, mamasita. Bye. You ready to go home, buddy? Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna get you home. Let's go. KENNY: On the long road to grief recovery, don't be surprised if you gotta spill a little blood KENNY: On the long road to get shit fixed. With all great comebacks, somebody usually gets fucked. [SNORING] [CHICKENS CLUCKING] Excuse me. Where is this truck headed? America. Oh, fuck. KENNY: Sometimes being on the mend can get old real quick, like when you're doing all this awesome shit to show motherfuckers that you're cool now, and one day you realize that maybe the person you're truly trying to fix yourself for has moved the fuck on. And there you are, left in the midst of a battle that suddenly means nothing. [IN SPANISH] Jesus, Kenny, what are you doing? Just thinking. Well, come on, man. We called timeout. Let's get you in the game. [♪] I don't think I can go out there, Roger. I'm not sure if I'm feeling it. To be honest, I was just primarily mounting this comeback to eventually get back a girl I lost, and now it seems that that girl has moved on. I fear I lost my inspiration. Are you really gonna drop this on me right now? Yeah, dude. That's just the fucking score. I don't know if a pep-talk speech would work or not. Nobody's really tried yet. [SIGHS] Um... I know this locker room isn't exactly what you were thinking about en you were a kid dreaming about playing ball one day. Right? No, it's pretty shitty. But... But I've been involved with this game all my life. And if there's one thing I know, it's talent. And you've got it. That arm can take you wherever you wanna go. You just gotta put it to work, that's all. Now, don't... Don't do this comeback for some fucking girl. Do it for you. So you're saying I should just say, "Fuck April and her big old tits"? Well, you don't have to go that far, but... You see what's happening here? We're having one of those star player-coach moments. You feel like playing? I still feel a little wounded but, you know, Sebastian put all these awesome promotions up for me and all the fucking villagers showed up, so I guess the least I could do is just, you know, drop a little knowledge on them. That's right. Let's get out there and make some fucking noise, okay? You... You really want me to make some noise? Yeah. Then noise you shall see. Let my Latin debut to begin. [IN SPANISH] ♪ I am a real American ♪ ♪ Fight for the rights Of every man ♪ ♪ I am a real American ♪ ♪ Fight for what's right ♪ ♪ Fight for your life ♪ [RICK DERRINGER'S "REAL AMERICAN" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS] ♪ When it comes crashing down And it hurts inside ♪ Yeah! Whoo! ♪ You gotta take a and It don't help to hide ♪ ♪ If you hurt my friends Then you hurt my pride ♪ [LAUGHING] Do it, Kenny. Do it! ♪ I am a real American ♪ What the hell is this shit? ♪ I am a real American ♪ ♪ Fight for what's right ♪ ♪ Fight for your life ♪ [MUSIC STOPS, FEEDBACK WAILS] [COUGHING] [CROWD CHATTERING] The glove. Bring me my glove. Glove! Come on. Hurry up. It's time for the second part of the show. Thank you. Get the flag. Pick the flag up. Come on. Don't just let it lay there. It's disrespectful. Don't let it drag. [♪] [SIGHS] [♪] Wolverines. [SHOUTS IN SPANISH] [IN SPANISH] [LAUGHS] ANNOUNCER: Fuck. [♪] [CAR DOOR OPENS] Did I miss the game? Yeah, I didn't have anybody here to support me, but it's all right. Kenny, I'm sorry. Sorry I missed the game. I don't know what happened. I might have gotten kidnapped or something. Yeah, Stevie, you weren't kidnapped. I put you on that truck so I wouldn't have to deal with you. What? Yeah, you remind me of home, and for obvious reasons, home is painful to me. Because you miss the children? Yeah, Stevie, because I miss the fucking children. No. It's... Look, I'm just not 100 percent proud of the way everything went down there, all right? And when I saw your stupid, dumb, happy face, it just reminded me of all that shit. You know, I wish it didn't. I feel bad about it. It just seems like your face and our friendship is kind of the collateral damage. Kenny. Oh, come on, man. I kneel before you as a man, begging a much better man to please let me stay here and join you on this Hispanic adventure. Kenny, I work in a fucking coffee shop. A fucking coffee shop back in Shelby. Please just let me stay here and tear this shit up with you, Kenny. I will do whatever you want. That's enough. Okay, I will do whatever you want in fucking Mexico! KENNY: You should just get up off... STEVIE: I will do whatever you want! Come on. Get up. I will get up when... Get up! Just get the fuck up. Stop, man. Everyone's looking at us. Jesus Christ. Look... [SIGHS] ...this is a dangerous place, Stevie. I know. If you were to stay here, I can't guarantee that you'd make it home alive. You would not only be responsible for watching your own back, but also mine. You'd also be responsible for doing a lot of my personal errands, more than likely, my laundry. Kenny, I am so fucking ready to get hard-core with fucking errands or slapping whoever fucking steps up right in the fucking face. Are you? Yes. Welcome to the resistance. Fuck, yes. [THE BLACK KEYS' "I'M NOT THE ONE" PLAYING] Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com ♪ I've been tried ♪ ♪ And I've been tested ♪ ♪ I was born tired ♪ ♪ I never got rested ♪ ♪ Harder than ♪ ♪ Marble stone ♪ ♪ I'm better off ♪ ♪ Better off left alone ♪ ♪ Because I'm not the one ♪ ♪ No, I'm not the one ♪ ♪ You wanted it all ♪ ♪ But I give you ♪ ♪ Give you none ♪ ♪ No, I'm not the one ♪ ♪ No, I'm not the one ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ One, not the one for you ♪ ♪ Not the one ♪ www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 