Saved by the Bell: The College Years: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Saved by the Bell: The College Years 
 s1e5 - The Homecoming - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Saved by the Bell: The College Years (1993–1994): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Homecoming - full transcript 
 Zack is invited to a homecoming banquet by the guest of honor, a football hero who could help him score in some business, while Kelly is threatened with come-ons by the alumni. Meanwhile, Slater feels embarrassed being with Alex who shows off her mascot uniform at the banquet and Leslie asks Screech to go with her to shock her visiting snobbish parents. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [knocking] Hey, Leslie, I've got an idea. Now, the big weekend is coming up. Let's go into San Francisco and see Pearl Jam. Uh, bad idea. We tried going out, remember? Roommates shouldn't date. Whoa, whoa, whoa, what is that, the 11th commandment? Thou shall not date the babe next door. I am sorry, Zack, but that's just the way I feel. Fine. OK, fine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fine, I am never going to ask you out again. Never. Unless, of course, you want to go skiing? Skiing? I love to ski. Lake Tahoe is only four hours away. We can go for the weekend. Zack, I'm not about to go away for a weekend with you. Why? I'm not going to try anything. You can trust me. No, I can't. That's true. But you can trust yourself. No, I can't. Now, what if we make it a group trip, huh? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What do you say? If other people go, so will I. Great. Then it's a date. A group date. Ah, ha ha. Just think of it. I'm going away with Leslie. Now all I need to do is find a group, and then ditch them. ♪ I'm standing at the edge of tomorrow, ♪ ♪ and it's all up to me how far I go ♪ ♪ I'm standing at the edge of tomorrow ♪ ♪ I've never seen such a view before, ♪ ♪ a new world before my eyes ♪ ♪ So much for me to explore ♪ ♪ It's where my future lies ♪ ♪ Today, I'm standing at the edge of tomorrow ♪ ♪ From here, the future looks bright for me ♪ ♪ And it's all up to me how far I go ♪ ♪ It's my time to break away ♪ ♪ I'm standing at the edge of tomorrow today ♪ [knocking] Hi, Mike. Hello, X97. X97? That's my mouse. Screech volunteered to watch it while I'm away at a sensitivity training seminar. Sensitivity training. That's so enlightened. So '90s. No, it's not. I've got to do it for my psychology degree. I'm supposed to learn to open up, express my feelings, get in touch with my feminine side. With my luck, I'd get in touch with my feminine side, and it'd dump me for a better looking guy. Oh, X97 is so cute. - Have you had her long? - Six months. I'm using her to study the relationship between behavior and diet. Oh, you mean she's not a pet? No, X97 is a research subject. That's why you shouldn't take her out of the cage like this and pet her like this and get her all excited so she does something like that. Ah, I need a towel. She's right on schedule. I've got to make a note of this. - Hey, Mike. - Hey, Zack. Ah, Kelly, how would you like to get away next weekend for a fun-filled fabulous ski vacation? - Oh, I'd love to. - Huh? But I can't. I'm working all weekend at the student health center. Oh, can't you get out of it? Zack, when you work in the medical profession, I mean, you have certain responsibilities. I have a commitment to the sick and injured. Kelly, you put cotton balls into jars. And tongue depressors. Alex, how would you like to go skiing this weekend? Oh, Zack, I don't ski very well, and I really don't want to embarrass myself. Besides, I'm up for the part of the big toe in Gulliver's Travels. Screech, buddy. I can count on you, can't I? Huh? You had a blast last time we went skiing, right? Oh, it was great. So I got pneumonia, sprained my ankle, and caused that little avalanche. It only took 12 hours to find you and Slater. When do we leave? Uh, July. Hey, Slater, we're going skiing this weekend. I can count on you, right, buddy? - Sounds great. - Oh, you're a life saver. Listen, I'm bringing Leslie. So do you think you can find a date? Can I find a date? Can Lassie find little Timmy in a mine shaft? Anyone sitting here, Theresa? I guess you are, AC. [speaking spanish] Excuse me? I just said, it's a beautiful day. - Oh. - [speaking spanish] What? Boy, you really don't speak Spanish, do you? Oh, no, no, I took French in high school. You know, the language of love. But Espanol is much more romantic. [speaking spanish] Oh. See what I mean? Oh, yeah. Good afternoon. Today, we're going to continue discussing the reporting of news without bias. Miss Alvarez? Excuse me, but we've been talking about this issue for several days, and we still haven't discussed the hidden bias in the media. OK, let's discuss it. You've got a copy of the paper. Show me the hidden bias. Well, on the front page, we see civil war in Europe. And here, on page 14, a story about the fighting in Nicaragua right next to the ads for spray on hair. What does that tell you, Mr. Slater? Uh, that desperate bald men will buy anything? True, but that wasn't what I meant. There's a legitimate argument that our media is Eurocentric. You know, that whole Eurocentric thing, man, it's really been bugging me too. Do you have plans for lunch? Watch your step. X97 got loose. - What's an X97? - A mouse. Ah. You mean there's a disgusting disease-ridden rodent in here? I sure hope so, because if she's gone, Rogers is going to kill me. Oh, how could you let this happen? That rodent is about to be mouse pate. - Alex, don't. - Alex, stop! I didn't mean to read your diary. You read my diary? First, the mouse dies, then the big blond rat. Wait, I think I just saw something scoot out the door. X97, come back. Death to all vermin. I'm living in a Tom and Jerry cartoon. No, no, no. Swish, Zack, I can't tell you how excited I am about this weekend. Yeah, and I can't tell you how excited I get hearing you're excited. So is everyone going? Um, no, only Slater. So it's just me and the testosterone twins? I don't think so. No, no, no, don't worry. Don't worry, he's bringing a date from his journalism class, so, unlike most of his dates, we know this one can read and write. You know, Mexican Americans are usually ignored in history books, newspaper, television. That's why we need an independent Chicano studies department. So, do you ski? Look, I like to have fun too, but this issue is really important, don't you think? Yeah, I guess. I just think of myself as an American. Well, so do I, but knowing where you come from doesn't make you less of an American. It makes you more of a person. Hey, I think I know myself pretty well. Oh? So, uh, tell me what's your real name? Slater, Albert Clifford Slater. Slater's an Anglo name. You're Latino. Well, then I guess somebody in my family must have changed it. There's a meeting tonight of the United Student's Coalition for an Independent Chicano Studies Department. Wow, I hope your first order of business is to shorten the name. Look, why don't you come. It might do you some good to be among your own people. I don't know, Theresa. Come on, don't you think it's time you stopped denying your roots? Chill, I'll find someone to go skiing with us. I'm telling you, I am not going to blow this weekend. Can't you talk Theresa into going? She's not the ski bunny type. OK, OK, well, we can cruise some aerobics classes tonight. I mean, you could flex a couple of times, and you'll have more bunnies than an Energizer commercial, huh? I'd love to but I can't. Theresa invited me to this Chicano Studies meeting. - I figured I'd check it out. - I don't get it. If Theresa's not going skiing, then why would you want to go to a boring meeting? Well, maybe it's not so boring to me. Come on, Slater, Chicano Studies? Why do you care about that? Because I'm Chicano, in case you never noticed. Gee, I always thought he was Italian. [speaking spanish]? What's your name? Good. [speaking spanish]? What's your telephone number? Very good. Hey, I'm getting the hang of this, huh? [speaking spanish]. I have pigs in my suitcase. That's not good, is it? No, but if anyone to make it work, you can. Screech, you smell like cheese. I should hope so. I'm trying to attract a mouse. I have 12 different kinds of cheese in my pants. That's scary. No, what's scary is I'm kind of enjoying it. [speaking spanish]. What? Hey, Slater, I found a girl to go skiing with us. Blonde hair with blue eyes, just your type. What do you mean my type? I've dated girls with dark hair and dark eyes before. I mean, why do you think that only blonde haired, blue eyed people are beautiful? I resent that. You know, I'm an equal opportunity babe hound. Excuse me, could you clear this table? Yeah, in a minute. I don't mean you. I mean our whole society. Never mind, you just don't get it. Moving a little slow aren't you, buddy? What's that supposed to mean? You think I'm slow just because I'm Mexican? No, look that's not what I meant. Take it easy, Slater. Actually, this table's clean enough. What, what? Clean enough for a Mexican? I think I'm going to bring my lunch tomorrow. What is up with you? That guy didn't mean anything. He said I was slow. You know, like all Mexicans are slow. He wasn't talking about Mexicans. By the way, can you finish clearing this table? Why should I clean your table? Because you're a busboy! I'm not a busboy. I'm an oppressed minority. Alex, it's a mouse. A harmless little mouse. It's a rat. A big, fat rat just waiting to sink it's a big, fat, rat teeth into to me. Well, there's no way that it's getting in here tonight. Look, X97 got loose three days ago. I mean, by now she's met a cute little boy mouse, made a little mouse family, with a little mouse house, and little mouse curtains. You really need to lay off the Disney movies. Where's my mouse. I don't know, sir, but rest easy, I have cheese in my pants. I want my mouse! I can hear it! The mouse is in here! Help! I can't get out! Help! [banging on door] Hang on X97! I'm coming! - Where's my mouse? - Under the bed! Kill it! What? OK. Don't kill it. Save it. Eat it. Do anything you want. Just get it out of here. I don't see anything. Look, Alex was just hearing things. X97 is gone, Mike. She's gone? I'm really sorry, sir. I know how important she was to your research. Don't worry, pal, I can be your research subject. Of course, you'll have to get a bigger cage, but I'm perfectly comfortable sleeping on shredded newspaper. You don't understand. She wasn't just a research subject. She was a friend. A warm, cuddly, little buddy. Boy, that sensitivity training really worked. The chancellor has once again refused to meet with us to discuss an independent Chicano Studies department. How much longer can we be ignored? How much longer can we sit back and do nothing? How much longer is this meeting going to last? We've got to do something to force the chancellor to listen to us. [cheering] Word up my brothers! That was last week's protest. Why don't we do something that they used to do in the '60s? Stage a sit-in. Sit-in. That's a great idea. Yeah, we'll take over the chancellor's office. Hey, he won't be able to ignore us then. OK, it's settled. We'll stage our sit-in tomorrow night. All right. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Tomorrow night? But we're going to Lake Tahoe. Forget about Tahoe. I'm going to the sit-in. Well, I guess that means the ski trip is off. Sorry, Zack. Ah. - Slater? - What? What are you, crazy? You want to go to a sit-in? Fine, we'll sit in a hot tub in Tahoe. It's nice to see that you've get your priorities straight. Oh yeah? What about you? You made a commitment. What? Are you going to bail on me at the last minute? - I have no choice. - Yes, you do. All you get to do is talk to Theresa, have her change it to another night. I'm not going to ask her to cancel something this important for some silly ski trip. Oh, Slater. Look, you guys have been friends for years. It's time to talk it out. Fine. Fine, you could tell Pancho Villa I'll never forgive him for ruining my big chance with Leslie. Uh, Pancho, Zack says he's sorry this weekend didn't work out. You tell Mr. White Bread if his biggest problem is a canceled ski trip, then he ought to open his eyes and see what's going on in the real world. Uh, Mr. White Bread, uh, Slater thinks you should get out more and maybe see an eye doctor. Yeah, well you tell him he broke a promise, and I'll never trust him again. He's a tad disappointed, but he's willing to give you another chance. - Tell him he's a jerk. - You're not perfect. Tell him he's a jerk. Nobody's perfect. - Oh yeah? - Yeah. - Yeah? - Yeah. This is great! We're arguing! Hey, we're a family again! All right, you got something to say, Preppy? - Say it. - I will. Why did you have to pick this weekend to be a Chicano? Man, you still don't get it, do you? Get what? Get what? We've been friends for five years, and not once has this Chicano thing come up. Then all of a sudden you meet a girl and you go-- Look, this isn't about a girl! It's about me. Till two days ago, I didn't even know my real name was Sanchez. My dad changed it 25 years ago to get into the military academy. Can you believe it? He felt he had to hide his heritage to be accepted. I don't want to do that. Listen man, no one's asking you to. I mean, if you want a be a Chicano, be a Chicano. Just be one in Lake Tahoe. I don't have time for this. I've got to go to a sit-in. Oh, so that's it? You're just going to leave me hanging? You're unbelievable! Haven't you ever cared about anything other than yourself? I have something to tell you, but before I do, I just want you to remember your sensitivity training. OK. I found little X-ey. That's great! I'm-- I'm feeling joy. I'm feeling relief. I'm feeling gratitude. Actually, I found her three days ago. I wasn't going to give her back to you. I'm feeling rage, lots and lots of rage. You said X97 was a research subject. I've heard such terrible things about animal research and testing, that I thought you were going to hurt her. I'd never heard my little X-ey I know that now. Look, I'm really sorry I didn't trust you. I'll bet you're glad to see your daddy. Aren't you my little shoes? Whoops, I must have grabbed the wrong box. [screaming] Though I have a hunch where little X-ey might be. Can I have your attention, please? I just spoke with Chancellor Williams, and I have been instructed to inform you that the police are on their way. If you fail to vacate this office within five minutes, you'll be arrested. Well, you tell the Chancellor that we've called the media, and they're going to be here any minute. Excuse me, Theresa, there are five points I think you should make to the press. Thanks, but I think I can handle it. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm being too pushy, aren't I? I realize that could be offensive to a person of color coming from a person of very little color. Listen, you OK? Yeah, I'm fine. AC, I'm really glad you're here. [speaking spanish] Hm, man, I definitely gotta learn Spanish. Zack, I was hoping you'd join us. I'm not joining you. I just need to talk to Slater. I don't have time for any more lectures, Preppy. And neither do you. - We're about to be arrested. - Arrested? Well, this is getting out of hand. That's right, so you better get out of here while you still have time. All right, I just got off the phone with the Chancellor. Just a minute. Excuse me, but can I say something? Why do you have to arrest anybody? I mean, these people have something to say. You may not agree with them, and I may not agree with them, but at least-- at least they have the right to be heard. Yeah! Now, come on. This is still America. People are supposed to be able to express their beliefs without the fear of persecution. Are you finished? Yes. Good, because I was going to say that the Chancellor has decided to meet with you at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow morning. Nice speech anyway. - We did it. We did it. - Yeah! Viva-- us. The TV cameras are about to leave. I'm gonna go and chain myself to the bike rack. Anybody wanna come? OK. AC, are you coming? Go ahead. I'll be down in a minute. OK. Congratulations. Took a lot of guts to pull this off. I liked your speech. Even if it was a little late. Oh, yeah? I was afraid I might have made a fool of myself. You did, but that's why I liked it. You know, I've been thinking about what you asked me, if I ever cared about anything but myself. Well, there is something I care about, our friendship. Yeah, I guess I have been a little hard to live with this last week. Hey, this was obviously important to you, and if something is important to you, I should respect that. Sorry about, well, everything. I hope we can still be amigos. That means friends. Hey, even I know that one. Hey, this could be a great TV movie, and Theresa, I know just who could play you. Take me with my people. Alex, this isn't an audition. We're talking jail here. And after regular jail, you're going to overacting jail. Tell him he's a jerk. - You're not perfect. - Tell him he's a jerk. Nobody's perfect. Isn't this great? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 