Alone: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alone 
 s1e2 - Of Wolf and Man - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alone (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Of Wolf and Man - full transcript 
 While predators continue to cause problems for a number of the men, water soon becomes a crucial hurdle for others. From fast rising tides to relentless rains, each of the men must adapt to... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Alan) Holy [bleep]. This is home. (Dustin) There goes civilization. (Joe) This is nuts. [grunts] (man) Oh, man. I definitely did not believe that I was gonna be the first guy gone. I was basically surrounded by bears. [howling] The hell was that? [howling] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (Chris) Where the hell are they? I can't see. They're so loud up there. Right up there. I'm gonna go hide in my [bleep] tent. (Brant) This is gonna be a bitch. (Chris) We have to film it, and we're totally alone. (Dustin) Nobody knows what it's like here except for the ten guys out here doing it. Time to get shelter. (Dustin) There's nobody here but me. (man) This is so hard doing this alone. (Josh) I'm scared to death right now. (man) I feel like I'm starving. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [wolf howls] [animal growling] (man) Pretty sure I just saw a cougar. (man) Oh, [bleep]. (man) The last man standing wins $500,000. I don't want to go home. I want to win. (man) This is the chance in a lifetime, but it's not worth dying over. There's three wolves on the ridge behind the camp. Right behind my camp there's a tall ridge. 20, 30 feet tall. And there were three wolves up there a little while ago. That's terrifying. That's--I have no way to fend-- I have some pepper spray, but I have no way to defend myself against wolves. They sounded like they may have moved out a little bit. I'm really hoping they have, because I'm scared [bleep]less of them, to be perfectly honest with you. I don't have a firearm. I don't have anything. And the thought of getting attacked by some wolves is the scariest thing I can think of at the moment. When I was a kid, I was attacked by a German Shepherd. So that's put an uncomfortableness between me and dogs. And then knowing that there's dogs here that'll not just kill you, but will eat you, I mean, that's pretty damn scary. Going to do something where you know you're returning is different than when you get there and [bleep] changes, and maybe you might not come back. I told everybody I'd do this as long as it was safe, and the predators were my biggest concern. I hate that they showed up so soon. And to have nothing. I'm not one used to being defenseless. I usually have the answer to most of those kind of problem. That's just not a chance I'm willing to take. So I've called to be extracted. I'm not gonna be sleeping here under a piece of canvas with a bunch of wolves behind me. (man) He's alive. That's good. (Chris) Scared. You know where that ridge is? Yeah. My camp is set up just below that ridge, and they were right on that ridge last night. It was just [bleep] terrifying. That was scary. 'Cause it's not like they were just howling or nothing. They were, like, you know, fighting amongst themselves. They're fighting something. It was pretty intense. 'Cause you got nothing, you know? I mean, I'm not used to being defenseless, and that was pretty-- pretty scary. Yeah, I mean, this is it. I mean, you know, you feel like a complete failure, but it's not worth the risk to me to get hurt. I've got too many people that count on me. I hate that it was so fast. Two days. But there's nothing I can do about that. It is what it is at this point. But, I'm--I'm big enough to admit I was scared [bleep]less, and that's why I'm gonna leave. (Mitch) Interesting encounter last night. There was an animal about 30 feet from my tent. I believe it was a wolf. It wasn't a big deal. I just slept with my knife in my hand, unsheathed. Slept on my back, had my headlamp on, and rested gently. And if something decided to come into my tent, I would have had no issue turning this on, blinding him instantaneously, and striking numerous times, in the face, eyes, neck. No issues. I'm still in this dense forest, still at my first camp. All my clothes are still totally soaked. I was wringing some out last night. Haven't found fresh water yet. That's a big deal. Once I find fresh water, I will set up a proper camp. I'm so glad that I captured the water that I did. That one pot has carried me. But there's only a little left. And I can't rely on just rain to survive for water. Pretty soon, I'm gonna be in dire straits. Yep. Fresh water. That's the name of the game. Got to find it. So I'm on a really, really steep incline, and I'm fighting through this stuff. Weaving and crawling and whatever I can do. Hope there's something good at the top. Well, no water. So I was hoping there might have been a ridge or something like that. So I've climbed up to the peak. I can see salt water on both sides. So now I'm gonna start working-- I'm gonna try to stay on this spine if I can. I'm gonna start working towards the other end of the island. Maybe there's water somewhere over there. If not, I'm gonna have to do some drastic changes. I'll have to pick up all my camp, and find a new location that has water. Sometimes I think of, what would the situation be if I was out here with my family? If my daughter was walking around out here with me, and she was hungry. I mean, I go without eating, but if I had to provide for my family right now, I wouldn't be getting it done. It's important, when you're looking for water, to not get too animated. To not raise your blood pressure up, get your heart beating fast, break into a sweat. All these things-- rushing around, hiking really hard, will hinder your body's ability to maintain what it has for water currently. The only water I have is back at camp, and it's not a lot. It's only a couple sips. It's only a couple sips. (Joe) Today, I know what I need to do is find firewood. And if I can't find firewood around here, then I have to move, because I can't keep going without drinking water. It's just not possible. I wish I had a beach. There's no beach. I can't go out to a beach to try and get food or try and even set up near it. It's thick marsh, the thickest in the world. And it's peak rainy season in a rainforest. It's just ridiculous. I don't know why I'm here. This is a bad site. I'm hoping the other guys actually got a better site than I did, because if everybody got a site like this, this isn't lasting long. Today needs to be a productive day. Oh, it's nice to be out in the open here. It felt so dense in the forest there. It's so much darker in here. Oh, there's a bear. There's a bear right across. Let's see if I can zoom in on it. There he is. He's actually coming my way. Hello, bear. Hello, bear. Hello. Go on, bear. I'm bigger than you. I'm bigger than I really am. He does not mind me at all. You stay on your side. This is my side. Go on. Uh-oh. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ Oh, it's nice to be out in the open here. It felt so dense in the forest there. It's so much darker in here. Oh, there's a bear. There's a bear right across. Let's see if I can zoom in on him. There he is. He's actually coming my way. Hello, bear. Hello, bear. Oh, man. He's kind of intimidating me, to be honest with you. I've never had this much time near a bear. Please turn around and go back. I don't want trouble. Good boy, go on. Oh, man. I need a fire. I need a fire tonight. Man. This is real. Now I'm soaking wet, can't find firewood, and a bear who doesn't care what I tell him. Look at that. Look that. Oh, my goodness. This is crazy. He's coming this way. He's got his nose up, smelling me. I got to go. I got to get out of here; he's coming my way. I got to go. I don't want none of-- no problems with him. So I sewed on some eyes onto my hat. I've heard it helps with cougars, and that cougars are a problem up here. Might be worth it. Because oftentimes they attack from behind. And so, during the day I'm wearing this behind me, so if I'm turning my head and moving, like this... a cougar might think twice. Does it work? I don't know. We'll find out. You know, there's just nothing that prepares you for this. It's like the first couple days in a new town. It's just, you know, you don't know your way around. You don't know traffic patterns. You don't know where you favorite grocery store is yet. I'm just learning the neighborhood, now, trying to get comfortable. Jeez, I think a see a ball in the water. We'll see if I can scoop it up. Who knows what I can use that for. Sweet find. Solid. That's a buoy. Very nice find. No holes in it, not waterlogged. It's perfectly good. Jeez, maybe I'll call him Wilbur. Draw a face on him. [laughs] Girlfriend actually told me, "Don't do that. Start naming balls and stuff if you find them." I'm getting pretty dried out, to the point I stopped filming with the other camera. And that's what's frustrating, these cameras. That's a whole facet of this that I just-- I didn't realize how hard it would be to do all this and try to film it. It's really-- really a challenge. I'm not a tech kind of person. (Mitch) Sun's going down. It's gonna be dark soon. Kind of don't even care. I'm not even gonna build a fire right now, 'cause I'm not even interested. I just--I've been looking for water all day, probably for at least eight hours today. This is the far side of my island. Now, I doubt that you guys can hear it, but all the way across, I can hear what sounds like water, like, rapids. All the way over there. I think that'd be my last hurrah to look for water. I mean, I'm getting tired as it is. I got to find water. I mean, I'll have to cross all that. I'm not even sure how I'm gonna do that yet. I definitely don't want to swim or anything like that. I might have to make a boat. But if I don't find water there, I'm in big trouble. [ominous music] ¶ ¶ (Mitch) The quest for water continues. It's stressful, gives me a lot of anxiety. I start thinking of, like, when I can have a drink of water next, constantly. Like, it can dominate your thoughts. It's hard to think of other things sometimes, you know? I have to cross right here, at low tide, and then walk across. I believe that's mainland. Walk across right here. That's an island, behind the other side. I have to walk all the way down, over there, into that corner. My only water source is a tarp that's gathering what little water I can. And my pot is basically empty right now. So I can take a gamble, and use that tarp to make a boat so I don't waste the day. So if I have a problem and I fall in, on this makeshift tarp boat that's my only water collector, I'm in big trouble. Because then I'm gonna be totally soaked. I'm gonna be freezing cold. I mean, my hands are almost numb right now. But, I mean, if all my clothes are that, and that's me? I mean, we're talking serious hypothermic situation, and this place is so hard to make a fire, that's, like, a huge risk. Survival psychology is interesting. I'm starting to see it more and more. Just, little choices escalate to bigger choices. And you can be hard on yourself. I feel myself being a little hard on myself. I want to do what's right all the time. I strive for it. Probably too much. Probably to a fault. Yeah. I grew up a farm boy in the Midwest, so I was always outside working, using my hands. Moved away when I was 19. Became an outdoor educator. The most aggressive time for bears is like... I grew up in a family of seven people. My mother and my father are still living. I have three sisters, and a brother. I have intimate friends that I really appreciate. You know, I have a core group of people that are really excited about what I'm doing right here. (man) You're only allowed one knife? We could take a smaller knife too, but that counts as two items. Okay. (Lucas) We're taking out ten items out of a list of 40. And it really just comes down to making good decisions. That's gonna be the difference between life and death. I wouldn't want to be a bear, if I was walking up on that. Ultimately, it's gonna be a crapshoot. You know, I don't know, man. Get there and think, "Damn, wish I'd have brought that. Don't need this." [laughter] Any sort of-- - Throws a hell of a spark. - Yeah, totally. So night's starting to set in, and I'm hustling to get a bed done. I'm cutting off all these branches-- I believe this is a Fir tree-- I'm sorry, a Yew tree-- before the night sets, so I have a cozy place to sleep, instead of sleeping right on the ground. I've been sleeping on my tarp. And it's fine; it insulates me, but I'd rather have something with some cushion. So I don't got much time to talk before it gets dark. I need to get moving. (Joe) It's too wet here. This is a freaking bog. I can't stay here. There's no surviving here. There's no thriving here. It's gonna-- I can't stay here. This is all low-lying, marshy. But there's no wood to use. I try to chop down trees, they break in half. They're just sponge. So while low tide is at the river, I'm gonna pack up all my crap. Camera gear, backpack, just tons of stuff. And just haul it across the river. And I've only got about an hour, an hour and a half, of light left, so I got to get going. My feet are soaked, my legs are soaked, and now I'm on the same side of the river as the bear. I got dropped off, and the tide was high, and it wasn't even a possibility to cross that. And now it's nighttime. That's when the tide's down low. And now I'm wet, with no fire and wet gear. That looks like a game trail in there. Looks like a clearing right there. That'll be fantastic. Just got to get up this nonsense. This could work. This could work. (Mitch) I'm still searching. I really need to find water. Well, here it is. Is it a boat, or is it a tarp filled with leaves? Okay, I have a dry bag. I have my clothes in there, anything but my underwear and my boots. I have my ferro rod and knife on me. I also have a glass bottle I found in there as well. So we'll see what happens. If I end up going over, it would be absolutely tragic. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ Today's journey for water continues. I have to find fresh water, or I'm done. All the way across, I can hear what sounds like water rapids. So, I just built a boat out of a tarp and sticks and leaves. If I have a problem and I fall in on this makeshift tarp boat, I mean, we're talking serious hypothermic situation. If I don't find water there, I'm in big trouble. I'm in the current. It's just pulling me along. I hear some water running over here. I'm gonna go check that out. Made it. Probably about an hour of sunlight left. And I hear water running over here. And I think I see water running over here. And that would be a huge blessing, that I've finally found fresh water after three days of looking. That's what I heard. That is the beautiful sound of a freshwater mountain stream. Oh, yes. (Wayne) It's all good in the neighborhood. I'll go over and check the water in that tarp. Oh, yeah. Water there, water there, little bit there. Sweet. Good stuff. I kind of wonder how the other boys are doing. I'm sure there's probably been some frustrated boys out there. (Sam) I haven't had water in a little while. There's this big old rotten log right by my camp, and I decided to make it into a water catch. So we're gonna hollow out a big old hole in the middle here, then we'll put up my plastic sheet over it, and we'll arrange it so the water just runs down into the water catch. And that's probably big enough to hold five or six gallons. So that's good stuff, good stuff. (Alan) I've sweated so much running around, trying to get the lay of the land here. Starting to feel kind of dry. My stomach's gnawing, you know? It's not from hunger. So I'm gonna find the place where the water runs in. Try to fill my water bottle up. And then maybe, just maybe, I can get a fire going to sterilize the water. And if I can just get that one drink and a decent night's sleep, I'll be okay for today. This stuff looks like iced tea. That'll be a start. This thing's showing at low battery, and I'm not even sure how to charge this. Not tech savvy. (Brant) With no other human interaction, and no other human being talking, nobody talking to you, nobody breathing next to you, it just really-- it really messes with your head. Part of that could be dehydration or the beginning stages of dehydration. So what I'm gonna do is go down here and grab some water, and I think I found a way to filtrate it without fire. So it looks like-- the water looks decent; it's clean, it's just a little tinged from the tannins from all the trees in it, but it's fresh. What I'm gonna attempt to do is run this water through this moss to filtrate it, and catch it in this cap. It definitely filters the color out. I mean, the tannins are all filtered out. As far as killing all the bugs that make you sick-- It tastes kind of nutty. (Joe) After so much hiking, I end up going up a hill and down a hill with all my gear, and set up here. But the plus side is, and it's a huge one, this is what I found. Now, this is exactly what I had hoped for, exactly what I had planned for. Actual beach, not swampy, marshy crap. There's a ton of trees not in the cedar swamp forest that I can actually use for fire. The tide comes in, it actually leads me to bull kelp and other kinds of seaweed. There's actual resources here. There might even be some clams and crabs here, which would make all the difference. Awesome. I found a limpet. Have to get my knife to get it out, I think. There we go. So it's small, and there's only a little bit of meat in it, but I've already found two. So I can gather a couple of these and cook them up. I feel a lot more better today. I feel rejuvenated. Crossing that river was the best thing I could have possibly done. And there looks to be a little river running. It's more of a stream, I guess. It should be fresh water, though. It is. Fresh water. Oh, thank God. This is ideal. (Alan) I am starving. I found a slug. (Mitch) It's cold; it's raining. My toes are completely numb right now. I don't have a camp yet. I don't have a fire yet. It's not good. (Joe) I'm screwed. Oh, man, I really hoped this didn't happen. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ (Joe) I'm super happy. It's a total different feeling than yesterday. Crossing that river was the best thing I could have possibly done. I'm gonna make a fire on the beach. Come on. Boil some water before I start construction, because I'm dying here. Man, it's so hard getting a fire going here. And then go build my shelter and whatnot. It's a total different feeling than yesterday. I'm actually happy. Everything's looking up. It might take a few tries, but, best place right now I found to make a fire is the beach. I've often wondered since a child if I could actually go out and survive with the skills I have. It's basically a personal challenge to me. I'm representing my family, my country. I have to do my best. Come on. I have tapped into all aspects of survival. I can make fire. I can make shelter, primitively. I've made primitive knives and cut down trees with hatchets, just out of stone. I've taken on the primitive ways. Okay, this is my man cave here. I keep it locked, of course. Girlfriend, she don't like guns and knives and such. These here are stone hatchets. That one's made out slate. That's made out of flint. All kinds of primitive knives and such that I've made. I've actually cut up meat and so on with these here. This one's made out of dacite. I've gutted a trout with this. This is a sweet little knife. It's one of my favorite. Here's an ash bow that I made a few years ago. Here's another knife here. This is obsidian. And that thing is gorgeous. You can see it's, you know, it's see-through. Okay, I've got it. Now I just got to keep it going. Well, here's my water source. Okay, let's do this. Out of the other nine, I have no clue. But, I know myself, I'm a problem solver. I can stay out there a long time. here we go, we got a rolling boil. That water's good now. Sweet. Sweet, sweet, sweet. You know, pretty well anything that I can think of, I have it covered. Besides a cougar jumping on my back. [laughs] (Mitch) I just moved my camp. It's cold, it's raining. I just crossed that maybe six or eight times, trying to move all the stuff with my boat. I'm actually wet, like, to my waist. Everything that I have is wet, pretty much. I'm totally soaked. Took my boots off so they wouldn't be wet. My toes are completely numb right now. I'm getting hypothermic. I don't have a camp yet. I don't have a fire yet. I don't know where I'm gonna set up. It's not good. So I got to get moving. I want to set up my tarp into a shelter. As long as I have a place to sleep that's dry and safe, and I have a fire so I can start drying myself out, not worry about hypothermia, things like that? That's all I really want. Got my tripod structure set up, and the lashing was the perfect tension. So I'm gonna throw my tarp on here and see how it fits and do some tweaking and get my shelter up. When you get the folding just right, it's almost like origami. You got to just work with the material and figure out the shape that it wants to be in. I have canvas all around me, everywhere, and a door. This is far superior to a lean-to. 'Cause now air can only come in from the front. This is gonna trap any heat that I generate when I close it all up. [thunder rumbling] Not a moment too soon. We're getting smashed by a storm right now. The wind's picked up. It's been building all day. It's raining hard right now. I need to set up a tarp over my shelter, because it's just raining constantly hear. I need some living space that's dry so I can set up a fire, make myself warm, and kind of make this camp a little more permanent. When I first got out here I was feeling pretty good. I was really feeling good. I was really thinking long-term. But now I've kind of come to the terms of, you know, this is a pretty cold, unwelcome place to live. I mean, I kind of have a clock over my head right now. It all depends on getting set up, being able to get stabilized. Right now I'm not as stable as I want to be. Well, it's not perfect, but at least it's up. It's something, anyways. Well, here it is. Fresh, boiled water. Drenched beyond belief. Down pouring. If it doesn't get better, then I might go home and continue on with my life. I don't like being in these situations at all. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ (Alan) There's definitely things to eat here. You can forage. But if you know what's around, that's a sure bet. I found a slug. This is a pretty good size there. I normally wouldn't prepare food at camp, but I figure it's not gonna put up a whole lot of scent. I'm gonna boil him first to get all the slime out, and then I'll probably chop him up and, uh... sizzle him on there for a minute. I don't know how it'll taste, but we'll find out. So what I'm gonna do know, just, if I can, take him out of there. Move him over to my improvised cutting board. De-slime the little fella. Oh, he's hot. Oh, wow. That's kind of gross. [falsetto] First we sauté the slug in a brown gravy. And all manner of excrement and foul whatevers will come emanating from the snail. Don't let this bother you, 'cause we would simply add more wine. yeah, good rolling boil. Kill any of the little strange happening in there. Mm. Yeah. No doubt about it. It's exactly as you would expect. It kind of tastes a little bit of shrimp and something else. It has the texture of calamari. Mm. Yeah, I think I'm gonna start grabbing those when I see them. They're good. So I got a big problem. I lost my ferro rod. That's not good at all. If that's the case, I have to keep this fire going indefinitely. I think I sat it here on top of my coat, and it was the same color as my coat, so when I picked it up it might have flown of. And as you can see, the tide's coming right into that log. And when there's a big wave, it rolls right up to the log. See what I mean? It's coming right up to it. If that happened and my fire steel went into the water, I'm screwed. Oh, man, I really hope this didn't happen. Oh, man. What a dumb, dumb mistake. [groans] Damn it. I really didn't need this today. [groans] Come on. That sucks. That's not good, man. Without that, I'm screwed. I can't get-- I can't get water to drink. I can't believe it. I cannot believe it. Wow, this sucks. Sucks. I can't believe it. Man. I'm so [bleep]. (Lucas) I think the real challenge is the psychology, when you're alone. How much is the time away from your family worth? (Alan) When you get alone, all of it comes up. Every mistake you've ever made. (man) [bleep] (Mitch) Just the way the mind works while you're out here. - It's freaky. - Nights here are long. It's just too dark to do anything. (Brant) It's ridiculous. Should have brought a blowtorch. (man) This place belongs to the bears. - Oh, [bleep]. - Hey, bear. It just kept coming. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 