Council of Dads: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Council of Dads 
 s1e4 - The Sixth Stage - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Council of Dads (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Sixth Stage - full transcript 
 Robin contemplates romantic life after Scott; Luly and Evan make a risky investment with their loan money; Anthony prepares for the transition of the Crab Shack and develops a surprising friendship; Larry confronts his past failures. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "Council of Dads"... - Why are you still wearing your ring? Doesn't that mean you're still married? - Do you think I want to be the guy who's jealous of the family that just lost their dad? I hate feeling like this. - Look, I can make more time for you and Tess. - So you're playing at being a dad now. Who would trust you with their children? - I'm sober, Lauren. - Come on, Ivy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Who's that? - That was my daughter. - We can't all create the Pelago and end up on "Chef's Table." - You googled me too. - No, I was already a fan. - What's your vision? - Take back the neighborhood. Do these houses right. Start with this our house. - I wish Dad was still here. - So do I. - As Robin's best friend, I was prepared, with the help of the other guys on the council, to support her through the five stages of grief: denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. But what none of us were prepared for 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 was the sixth stage: desire. - I can feel this power breaking through There just must be something in the water I can feel it shifting... - Do you know why my hair's so short? - Hi. No. Should I? - Because when I get it cut, my guy washes it, and I love the feel of his hands on my head. - Okay, great. - No, not great. I have a problem. I'm cheating on Scott. - With your hair guy? - And a guy I pass when I jog and a guy at the coffee shop. - Okay, I have no idea what's happening. - I'm having sex fantasies with almost every man I come in contact with. If I were a doctor, I would call it a persistent and acute condition. You are a doctor. - I know, and I can't function, Ollie. I'm like a horny teenager. I need to be able to focus and not... Feel stuff. - Well, maybe that means you're ready to-- - No, I am not ready to start dating again. I just feel deprived of intimacy. It's not even the sex as much as, like, the little moments. You know how with Peter, he'll just walk by you and touch you? - No, not really. Now he just hands me books on relationships. - Well, good. It sounds like you guys are working on it. - Yep, I'm planning a surprise date night which will involve very little reading. Okay, wait a minute. Even me? - Yeah. - How is it? - Really good. All right. - Homecoming tickets are still on sale. Do you have to see a man on his knees? - You're Theo, right? We know your sister from band. - I'm Freya. I play the drums, and Jules pretends to play the clarinet. - Yeah, I fake play. Don't tell anyone. Cool. - We saw you throw the ball last week in the game. - He caught it. He's the wide receiver. You like football? - Yeah, my dad went to Alabama. Roll tide, baby. - Are you going to the homecoming rally on Friday? - Yeah, it's mandatory for the team. - Well, Jules is gonna go too, so... - I literally hate you, Freya. Thanks. We do hope that you come on Friday, because we want to initiate you. - Initiate me into what? - You'll find out. - I need it, you got it So give me just a little of your-- - Cashier's check for 5 grand that we sign over as a deposit if we win. - When we win. - I couldn't find an old inspection report. - So we have no idea what the condition of the interior is? - Nope. Bank is selling as is. - I know she's ugly, but I love her. - All right. 5818 Stone Avenue-- bidding starts at $34,000 and goes in $2,000 increments. - Okay, $50,000, not a penny more. - We don't have a penny more. - Now, remember our strategy-- calm and dispassionate. This is so exciting. - Game face, Luly. - Do I have $34,000? - Yep, here. - Do I have... - That's a good boy. Hey. Man. Come on, I'm trying to teach the dog to stay. - Sorry, dogs just like me. - You said it, not me. How long you planning on staying in the guest house? - I'm looking for own place. Robin said I could stay there for as long as it takes. - Hurry it up. One day soon, you'll be about as welcome as an outhouse breeze. - Hey, hey, hey, whoa. Let me help you with that. - 1,000 pieces? That's a big puzzle for a little dude. - Well, I need something to do this weekend because it's Ivy's birthday party, and she didn't invite me. - It's Ivy's birthday? - Can you call her mom and apologize for whatever you did? - Who's Ivy? - Just stay out of this. - Ivy's his granddaughter, and his daughter hates him, so now I can't go. Somebody needs to talk to her. The whole class is going except me, and it's laser tag. - I'll take care of it. - $48,000 is the bid from the gentleman. Do I have $50,000? - $50,000. - Do I have $52,000? Do I have $54,000? - $54,000. - $54,000. Do I have $56,000? - I'm out. - Sold for $54,000. - Luly. - My God. I'll, take your deposit. And once I get a cashier's check with the remaining amount, you'll get the keys. - Thanks. - Congratulations. - Thank you. - The sixth stage of grief, desire-- that's a tricky one, 'cause it feels so good, but it's easy to forget how dangerous it can be. - Careful, your shoelace is untied. - Thank you. - A to B, but I came back again Open my heart I let you put the iron in Just when I think I've had enough I fall in love again Just when you thought you'd had enough You're in love again It's a complex emotion And we're right till we're... - Forgive me. I know your exercise time is sacred, but I need your help. - What's wrong? - JJ. Turns out he was uninvited from my granddaughter's birthday party. - I know. He told me. - He asked me to call my daughter, and I did, but she blocked me. Larry. - It turns out that my family mess is affecting your family, and I feel sick about that. Could you call her? - Your daughter? - Look, tell her that I won't drop him off or pick him up. She won't have to see me. - Listen, getting more adults involved in this isn't the answer. - Well, how do you suggest we fix this? Some things can't be fixed, Larry. Kids get disappointed. It's okay. It's our job as adults to teach them how to weather that disappointment. - Sure prefer fixing things. - Grab that oyster, flat side up. - Put your knife in the hinge there and just twist. It'll come apart. - It's easier if you just slip the knife between the two shells. - It's all about speed, Theo, and my way is faster. Well, we don't contradict chefs in their own kitchen, so we're gonna let him think that, okay? - Would you like to race? - Me? No, I don't want to embarrass you in front of Theo. Shots fired. I guess we're racing. Five oysters each. Come on, Theo. We'll see what you're made of. - You have no idea. Knife, please. Thank you. - You ready? - Born ready. - Count us down, Theo. - Three, two, one, go. - Little do they know where you've been He's like a local boy making good I win! I won. I win. You lose. You did, because why? I won. - You won. - You know why you lost? 'Cause I won. So nice--have fun, boys! I won, everyone. Thank you so much. - Are you into her? - Margot? She's...nah. - Well... I think these two senior girls are into me. Girls plural? - Yeah. Well, I don't know, maybe just the one. We'll see tomorrow-- there's a party. - A party? - Yeah. They want to initiate me. - Into what? - I don't know. Drugs, sex, rock and roll. - You're funny. - Your condition is common. I googled it. - What did you Google? - Well, first I googled "horny widow." That was a mistake. Don't Google that. - Ollie, this is so mortifying. - No, it's not. According to this blog I found, "Hot Widows Collective," sexual desire's nothing to be ashamed of. - And that's the subject of your paper, oncology and sexual desire? - Look, Scott's been gone what, five months? Before that he was sick, so I bet you didn't... - We did. We tried. It's been seven months. - Nora was in the same boat. - Nora? - The creator of the blog. She wasn't ready to date, but she was really missing human contact. Want to know what she did? - You're gonna tell me even if I don't. - She told her brother she really wanted to kiss a guy, sort of as an experiment to see if she could handle it without falling apart. Her brother tweeted, "Who wants to kiss my sister?" A friend of a friend volunteered, but she set the ground rules-- above the waist, strictly kissing, one hour. - Don't you dare pimp me out on Twitter. - I won't, but you know, maybe I could ask around. I know a lot of nice single straight guys up in Charlotte. No! No. No, no, no, no, no. That is weird and gross. I'll get another haircut. I don't even want coffee. You ready? - We spent all our money. - Hey, we'll be okay. - Evan, we spent all our money. We have to live here while we renovate. How do we live here? - It just needs to be cleaned, and it'll be fine. - There's no oven... Or sink... Or bathroom. There's no toilet. Can they do that? Can they sell you a house with no toilet? - I think that's what "as is" means. Great. Well, at least there's a refrigerator. I'm gonna throw up. Where do I throw up? God! - Let's go outside. - No, don't come with me. Hey. I just wanted to say good-bye. You are looking at the new associate of maternal fetal medicine at Miami Medical Center. I leave next week. - Congratulations. I'm sorry. I feel like I never got to know you. - Yeah, well, you were on leave while I started my fellowship. I wanted to say I'm sorry about your husband. I've meant to a thousand times, but it never seemed the right time. - Thank you. - I don't know how you're still standing... which is a very weird thing to say to someone who's actually sitting down, but um, I think you know what I mean. - I do. I do, and-- and really, thank you. - Well, good-bye. - Are you married? - Nope. Well, I'm married to the job, but so far no luck with the ladies. - Wait a minute. You--you bought this place? - Wow. - Right? We got it for a steal. - How much, Lu? $54,000. - Guys, that was your whole nest egg. - Which was sitting in a bank barely collecting interest, and we figured, what we were paying in rent, we could put into this house and have an asset and a home, and Evan has a whole plan to fix up more houses in the neighborhood. Where are you gonna find the time with school? I'm not going back to school. - This is his school. He has a vision. - Yeah. - What is it you two want? - $20,000 to pay for renovations. - Yeah, a loan. We'll pay you back. - Yes. - Let's take a look inside. - So as you know, this is one of the first neighborhoods built by free blacks in the South, and now it's in danger of being gentrified. - We want to show people that restoring these houses and retaining their character is affordable. - I like that in theory. Evan, is it actually affordable? - I haven't gotten an engineer in here yet, but the foundation looks solid, and with cosmetic updates and-- - He wants to tear down this wall and then put in a wall of windows. There's endless potential. - And of course, endless potential means endless permits, right? And construction-- - I know. We're not asking for all the money, just for a loan so that we can live here while we renovate. And we both are gonna work double shifts and triple shifts. No! Robin! - Ollie? - Look at this mold. Don't touch that. - This area's prone to floods, so some mold is to be expected. We'll need to do an abatement. - And get flood insurance. - Which is expensive. - Can we not just focus on all the negatives? Do you guys have anything nice to say? The window trim is nice. Lu and Evan, can you guys give us a minute? This is a disaster. Am I wrong? - Rot, mold, the bathroom install-- forget 20, that alone's 40, easy. - Got to love 'em for their passion. - Well, in this case, passion's overrated. - So is bankruptcy and foreclosure. - I like Evan's plan. - So do I. I just don't think this place sets them up for success. I mean, I wish I thought this was a good idea. I really do. - Well, they bought it already, so we can't just not help. - Well, maybe this is something we actually can fix. - All right, we want to start by acknowledging your vision and your passion and your gumption. - Gumption? Is that your word or Larry's? - You asked for a loan from the council. We all agreed on certain crucial points that factored into our decision. - We think this house is a money pit. Now, I'm speaking from experience. Peter and I have renovated and flipped houses. - That's not what we're trying to do. We're not trying to flip this house. We want to use it as a calling card for future investments. - We just don't think this is the house. - We get it. You're saying no. - Well, we're saying more than that. - Luly, Evan, obviously, this bank took advantage of your inexperience. Fortunately, I happen to know a lot of bankers. - We think we can get you out of this. - We signed escrow papers. - Notarized. - Phone call or two, a round of golf, I can see if I can get 'em un-notarized. - Now, you might lose your deposit. - Hey, that's $5,000. - Light of day-- look around this place. Is this really your vision? - What about you, Anthony? Do you think we're in over our heads? - Yeah. I do. - That sucked. - Yeah, talk about weathering a child's disappointment. - Could've been worse. - How? - We could be out 20,000 bucks. - We shouldn't laugh. It's not funny. - Well, since we're all here, we need to talk about sex. - Did you tell them? No. - Tell us what? - Nothing. - Okay, well, what I'm talking about is Theo. He's being flirted with hard by a senior. I'm assuming you and Scott gave him the big sex talk? - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Scott did. I mean, I think. He meant to. We never talked about it. - Okay, we have to assume that he didn't. - My son is being seduced by an older woman, and we've left him woefully unprepared. - And the council can help out. We'll give him the sex talk. - Yeah, one word-- abstain until he's old enough to pay for any babies he might make. - Like it or not, kids are gonna have sex. - Well, not necessarily. I say we sell abstinence as cool. - I say we don't do anything. Theo doesn't want the whole council in his sex life. Maybe just one of you as my wingman. - Happy to do it. See you at home. What? - Henry from maternal fetal medicine is willing to kiss me... - Is a sentence I never thought I'd say. - You did it? You asked someone? - This is all your fault. - I feel like a proud papa. - My baby's going into the world. - Where's Charlotte? We're gonna be late. - She's already down in the car. - Okay. Well, I'll be back by 10:00 then. - No, no, no, hold on, hold on, hold on. Not so fast. I sent her ahead so that we could have a little chat. - About? - Well, it's come to my attention that you've caught the eye of a girl at school. - Dude. - Dude. - No, no, no, don't get mad at Anthony. We had to have this conversation eventually. God, can we please not, though? - No, we have to make sure you know about sex. Not just intercourse. Can I, can you help? - I got this. Sex, sex... Sex, as you know, means many things. It can... it can be oral, or manual, and it's great. - It's also great not to have sex. - Totally, but if you are gonna have sex, then you should never-- no, what I mean is you should always-- - What makes sex great is when you love the person that you're with, and they love you. - This is actually traumatizing. - And when you're in a committed, long-term relationship, sex can be more than just physical, right? It can be passionate. It can be intimate. It can be lovemaking. - Okay, I'm either gonna leave or I'm gonna throw up. Which one? - No, wait, please. Because when it's not lovemaking, you have to be careful, and you have to be respectful. You have to get consent-- verbal consent. You need to know that your partner wants to have sex with you, and they have to make that explicit always. - Okay, now can I please have your consent to leave? - Yes. - Theo! Hey, Theo, hold up. - I didn't think you'd be a fed. - Well, I'm sorry. I'm a fed. Just takes one time, dude. - One thoughtless mistake-- you take it from me. It can have ramifications like you cannot imagine. You got me? Have fun tonight. - Hey, guys. - Hey. - Hey. - Charlotte, you have to get your flute and get over there. We're about to start playing. Come on. - Okay, you need a safe word. - Just leave me alone. - That's great. If you say, "Just leave me alone," I'll know you need to be rescued. - No, actually, just leave me alone. I got this. - Hey, Robin forget to text? I'm on kid duty tonight. - No, no, no. I'm not here to babysit. I'm here to see JJ. - JJ, Larry's here for you. - All right, so I shouldn't be more than, say, an hour, hour and a half at this PTA meeting. Hey, Larry. What? - Nothing. You just... You look nice. - Yeah. No. No, I'm overdressed for the PTA. - Larry, did you talk to her? Can I go to laser tag? - I tried again. She won't talk to me, son. But I was thinking, I can take you bowling tomorrow. - I hate bowling! - We rush into everything. - What exactly do you mean by "everything"? Does that include our marriage? - I'm just saying, this was a pretty colossal screwup. - That's all you're saying? - Yes, Evan. - So do you think that we should take Larry up on his offer? - I don't know. - Where are you going? - Home. To pee. - Everyone, circle up. Find someone's hand. - Hey, want to be my prayer buddy? - Yeah, totally. - Lord, may everything we are be a prayer to you. May we fulfill our potential tomorrow, be it on the field, in the band, or as a part of the cheer squad. - Cheer squad definitely needs our prayers. - We are in awe of you. May we realize the goodness all around us. Amen. all: Amen. - Let's go. It's time for the initiation. - What... I can't. I drove my sister. - She can come too. - I'm a do me Yeah, yeah I'm a do me - Robin is just gonna hook up with someone? - Not hook up like sex. You know, just a little make out session. - Well, good for her. I'm just surprised, that's all. - Yeah, me too. - No, I'm not surprised she's gonna do it. I'm surprised you're encouraging her. I mean, that's not like you. You're a little--you know. - What? - Uptight. - Right. - Come on. You know this about yourself. - No, I don't. Is there anything else you want to tell me about myself? - Well, this is what working on a marriage looks like. We air out our grievances. - Well, I'll air this. You say we never spend any time together, and I surprise you with a couple's massage, and you seem unhappy. - Baby, I'm happy. I love a good massage. - But? - No but. I'm touched, really. 15 years together you think I don't know you? You're mad about something. - A couple's massage looks like something that we're doing together, but we're not really together. I mean, we'll both be quiet, staring at the floor or the ceiling, thinking our own thoughts. Doesn't make me feel closer. It makes me feel lonely. - Hi. Am I really doing this? I feel ridiculous. Don't feel ridiculous... or do feel ridiculous. It's up to you. This is all up to you. - Thank you for...this. - My stepmother Evelyn was the determining factor. - You told your stepmother about this? God, no. She was the first woman my dad dated after my mom died. He met her in a grocery store buying tampons for my sister. - Okay. - There's my dad, his wife gone a month, maybe two, in the feminine hygiene aisle, completely out of his depth, and along comes Evelyn. Well, maybe if he'd kissed a few women in the front seat of his car first, taken his time, he would've realized Evelyn is a narcissistic bore, which she is, and you are crying. My God, I made you cry. - No, you just made me think of Scott. When he was dying, he kept thinking of things to tell me, and sometimes it was really big life stuff. But this one time it was just, "The girls prefer the tampons in the purple box." - Here you go. - Thanks. I'm really sorry. I dragged you all the way out here, and I don't think I can kiss you, Henry. - If I had a nickel for every time a woman said that to me. - Can I hold your hand? Not in a sexual way, but in a "two people in a car "who barely know one another but one of them "misses her husband and the other's nervous about going to Miami" kind of way? - Yeah, let's.. let's try that. - Tell me how you met your husband. - Why are we in a cemetery? - To introduce you to Eloise. - Who's Eloise? - This is Eloise. She died, like, 100 years ago, and her parents built this statue or tomb or whatever, and we like to come talk to her. - About what? - Our parents. - My dad died when I was two. - My mom died three years ago. - Our dad died this year. - Why do you think we brought you here? We want to invite you to join our club, the Dead Parents Society. - If you're ever feeling bad, you guys can come talk to her too. - Why don't you go to your mom's grave or whatever? - I guess I just prefer to talk to a person. Eloise is kind of like a person. - And we're kind of like people too, if you ever want to talk. - Going for the edge pieces, smart. - It's not really smart. It's just how you do a puzzle. I missed two parties last year when I became a boy, both because the parents freaked out. This is my third. I wish parents would just get their act together. What did you do to make her hate you so much? - You know I used to drink alcohol, right? - Yeah. - Well, sometimes drinking... Makes you say stupid things or... Act in ways that aren't nice. - So you used to be a bully? - Yeah. I was a bully. I'm sorry you didn't get invited to Ivy's party. - I'm sorry you didn't get invited too. - You know you got an edge piece staring right at you. - Hey, where's Mom? - Out school thing. Why is Hope still up? Every time I put her down, she cries. - She's just messing with you. She cries for, like, ten seconds to see if you buy it, and then she stops. You messing with him, Hope? Wow, thanks. - You got to admire Hope's gumption. Am I right? Lu... I am sorry about today. - You guys don't want to give us the money, fine. Just say that. But you guys basically called us idiots. We're not idiots. - Well, then stop acting like idiots. You spent all your money on a house sight unseen, and you have no plan except for us to bail you out? - Yes, we do. - Then do it. Prove me wrong. Prove us all wrong. - So you don't think we should let Larry cancel the deal. - No, I don't think you should care what I think. You're the one who has to want it. - God, you sound like my dad. - It just feels easy, Peter, to blame me for everything. - Can we not fight right now and just enjoy the massage? - I'm not enjoying it. I'm tense, and I think you need to take some responsibility for your own happiness. - I know, and I do. I just... I don't love my job, and I feel like Tess doesn't need me anymore, and I miss you. I miss us. Ollie, I don't want to get a divorce. - A divorce? Who said anything-- - It happens, Ollie. Couples drift apart. Oliver, how could you? - How could I what? Ooh. That wasn't me. See? You blame me for everything. - Well... Can we please just get out of here? - It's funny. I was so worried that kissing someone would feel like cheating. This was so much more intimate-- talking about Scott. - Did it feel like cheating? - No. No, it felt like progress. - That's what I'm here for. You're a really good guy, Henry. You're gonna kill it in Miami. Thank you. - Hey, if you're still game, can I kiss you? Not in a sexual way. In a, "I want the first kiss after my husband to be with a good guy," and you're a good guy, by the way. - Sure. - Hey, Freya just liked one of my Instagram posts. - No, what does that mean? Do you need a safe word? What about "Sponge Bob Square Pants"? Shut up. - You shut up. - You know what? I think Jules is into you. - Wait, really? - Change the world, change the world  Change the world, change the world, change the world  The surfer girl's got the powers  That could change the world  Change the world, change the world  Yeah, the surfer girl's got the powers  That could change the world  One grain of sand can make a beautiful pearl  The surfer girl's got the powers  That could change the world, change the world  Change the world - JJ's asleep, and that puzzle's a beast. Anthony. - I'm heading out. Robin home yet? - Not yet. Speak of the devil. - Hi, wow, looks like I have a welcoming committee. - How was your meeting? - Good. It went well. - I'll bet. - How was your party? Did you have fun? - Not as much fun as you did. - Well, I don't know if I'd call a PTA meeting fun. - I saw you. I saw you just now in the car making out with some random dude! - Theo, let me explain. - Don't even! - Theo... That was... I...God. - Get out of here. - Hey. I am so sorry that you saw that. Theo, can you please-- - No! - That was a friend from work. It meant nothing, I promise you. - Well, what about sex being beautiful? What about being in love? Mom? What about that? Are you in love? - No, and we didn't have sex. - Is he your boyfriend? - No. No, he's a man that I kissed because I wanted to know what it felt like to kiss someone... who wasn't your father. And I wish you hadn't seen it. I am gonna start dating someday, though, Theo. Dad wanted me to, and... - Mom, I swear to God. Leave me alone. We can talk about this some other time or we don't have to at all. I don't know. I don't know anything except I want you to leave me alone! - Look at this. This is oak. This house has good bones, all right? The rest of it might be crap, but we have this. We have a foundation, and I will not let you down, Luly. - Evan... - Look, maybe we do rush into things, but it's because we want them so badly. I want this, Lu. - Evan, stop. I want this too. - Maybe these floors were installed by a man building his own way to freedom. It's gonna be a metaphor, and we are gonna need it because this house is going to test us. - Yeah. - Go away. You didn't go away. - Nope. - I wish I was a fish. All they do is swim, and nobody bothers them. - Sure they do. People try and catch 'em. Birds try and catch 'em. I bet being a fish is really stressful. Plus, you're a fish. - I was a parent fail today. I didn't go to a PTA meeting. - Yeah, I figured that out. - It wasn't a date. - It's okay if it was. - It wasn't. - But it would be okay if you did. I mean, it's what Scott wanted, for you to meet someone else. - It seems so hard. Hi, I'm Robin. My husband died. I have five kids, and this weird cabal of men that helps me raise them. Who wants to date that girl? - Come here. - Hope's up. - Thanks. Robin's vulnerable. You're the closest thing she has to Scott. And maybe you don't see it, but you're stepping way too close to the line. Kids need you too much to mess this up. - Did things really get that bad for you that you were thinking we'd split? - There was this one night a few months ago, and I had dinner with Eddie, and I was complaining about how things were, and as we were leaving, he... He was drunk.... And he kissed me. - He what? - He was drunk, and I was drunk, and I kissed him back. I mean, for a second, 'cause, you know, it felt nice to feel sexy, desired. - You kissed him back? - It wasn't a big deal, and the point is, I didn't go home with him because I want you. - Did he ask you to? - You know how Eddie is. - I know how you are. - Oliver. - I am not going back to the first two years of our relationship, Peter. - Come on, we weren't married then, babe. This is totally different. - It feels like a slippery slope. - Come on, it was 15 years ago. - Since you cheated? Because it sounds like it was 15 days ago with Eddie. Desire can be dangerous. It can rip your heart apart. - Every hour spent... - Hey. Thought you had tonight off. - Just fixing myself something to eat. - Did you have a rough night? - You could say that. - I have a pretty great bottle of red at my place if you want. - Yeah. - Okay. - But desire can also be good. It can be life-affirming. There is no greater love  There is no greater love  - I tied my shoes this time. - So if you feel it, go for it. Reach for it. It's right... - I'm Robin. - There. - I'm Sam. - You deserve Everything 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 