Council of Dads: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Council of Dads 
 s1e3 - Who Do You Wanna Be? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Council of Dads (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Who Do You Wanna Be? - full transcript 
 Larry presents an offer to Robin that will impact the future of the Crab Shack; Luly digs deep into personal experiences to make an impression in her writing group; Evan contemplates a return to school; Oliver makes strides with Theo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Council of Dads"... - We need to talk about Robin. - She seems fine to me. She's not fine, Oliver. Her husband died. I want my husband back! And we're his council, but we need your buy-in. You want buy-in, I'm all-in. You're like your dad. What does this have to do with your dad? I want to write the story of him and the story of me this past year, and why go to New York if the story's here? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - She has your eyes. - Michelle! - I am pretty sure she's... - Me too. She never needs to know. Why are you still wearing your rings? I don't know. I like 'em. Doesn't that mean you're still married? I already feel Like doing it again Come here. The past has a way of holding on to us. We remember good times... and long for what's familiar. But there's a part of us 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that knows we can't cling to the past. We have to face the future. Charlotte said I have to drive her to her soccer game. Yes. Larry called an emergency council meeting, but I'll meet you there. - Nobody even asked me. - Okay. I'm asking you now. Come on. It'll be good for you. Get outside, get a little sunshine. Get out and see some stuff. Yay! I wish Dad was still here. So do I. Scott set up the Council of Dads to help his family move past his death. But that's not so easy... for any of us. I just want to stay high With you 'Cause where I come from Everybody frowns and walks around  With that ugly thing on their face  And where I come from We work hard and grind And hustle all day Yes, we do There comes a time Tuck your fingertips unless you want to lose one. Larry called. He wants the place spick and span for some bigwig. Who? I didn't ask. Mary scares me. I'm your boss now. You should be scared of me. You get blood in my onions, you're fired. - What exploded in here? - Waffles. Baby, nobody wants to see your nasty, chewed-up food. - I got to go. - Come on. It's a few dirty dishes, not the apocalypse. Sit down. - No, it's not that. Larry called a council meeting. Sounds important. Well, don't be late to Tessa's game. - That's important, too. - I wouldn't miss it. Damn. You put your foot in that. - Love you! - Love you! Hey, Ollie. You still speak teenage boy? I might be able to dust it off. What's up? I have a Theo problem. He's holed up in his room, and the only time he comes out is to slam doors in my face, and I don't know if that's a normal teenage thing Or if it's because his dad died. Yeah. Say no more. I'm on it. You know what this meeting is about? Yeah, I asked Larry to take a look at my finances. I think he has some kind of proposal. The Gladwell Restaurant Group is interested in acquiring the Crab Shack. In front of you is their initial proposal, pending a tour and a peek at the books. - Wait, what? - "Acquiring" as in buying it? Yes. Robin, gets a lump sum up front. 10% royalty for 10 years. Since when is this place for sale? It wasn't, Anthony. They approached me. And you expect me to believe that? Selling businesses is my business. This is what I do. No. Actually, this is what I do. Restaurants are my business. - That's a large number. - It's an estimate. It'll firm up after the tour. The Crab Shack isn't for sale. Well, that's up to Robin. You know, well, she asked me to look at her finances. Can everybody shut up for one second? Are my finances that bad? Scott's medical bills ate into the college fund. I know we dipped into them. Selling feels like an overcorrection. What if the markets tank? People stop eating out with less disposable income. Or what if there's a bad crabbing season or a hurricane? - That's a lot of what-ifs. - That's why Scott hired me. But he hired me to protect his values, his legacy, which are about more than money. They say they want to keep the family feel. Just without the family. $750,000. That's a lot of money. I mean, and that's, what, ten years of net profit? It's an aggressive number, and I think I can get it even higher. This place, it is Scott. It's where he grew up, grew sober. It's where he invented the Scotty. - What's the Scotty? - It's a crab sandwich. Scott used to call it his secret weapon. And he made it for me when we first met. - Yeah, he was wooing you. - No, he was wooing you. Yeah, getting you on board was part of the "woo". I'm sorry, but is a sandwich gonna put four kids through school? You know what? You don't have to make up your mind right now. Actually, there's a clock on the deal. What? They had to pump the brakes on another sale to consider us. If the tour goes well and the offer firms up, they'll need to know fast. - How fast? - 48 hours. Council of Dads S01E03 - Who Do You Wanna Be? "So I take a can of corn from the cupboard, "and my dad asks me, 'What are you doing?' "I stand up tall and proud, and I tell him, "'My Brownie troop is collecting food for the poor.' And he says, 'Luly, we're the poor.'" And in that moment, I realized what a great dad he was." Your dad died, and you've written me a story about a can of corn? It's a story about how he became a dad and how he What? How he what? If you let me finish, I get to a part where I talk about feeding him corn when he was dying. Okay, so now you're feeding him as he fed you, and now you've become the parent, and isn't that deep? My dad died, so I don't appreciate. I care deeply about what you think, which is why I'm not interested in the platitudes that you're writing. This is a memoir class, and you've written me an Instagram post. You started off great. You had that line about your dad arriving drunk at your birth, and I thought, "Well, now there's something," but then you went off into this hero-worship piece about your perfect dad. You seem to have no feelings about the fact that he arrived drunk at your birth. Where's the depth? I'm happy to write new material. - I'm not scared of hard work. - What are you scared of? What was he scared of? You've got to dig deeper into that memory and try to be honest, if you can. I thought you and I were making some progress. How so? Why are you unloading the Crab Shack when I just left Pelago to run it myself? Robin and the kids can rely on Gladwell. So you're saying they can't rely on me? I specifically didn't say that. I am here. I am showing up. I crammed everything I own into Robin's guesthouse while I look for my own place. Well, that sounds like tight quarters. It's not great, Larry, no, but that's just how committed I am to being here. For now, but can you guarantee you'll be here in five years or ten? Because the Gladwell money will be. You're not management, Anthony. You're talent. You can take a tomato and make me happy to pay $16 for it because it tastes out of this world. What happens when your talent leads you away from a restaurant that serves wet wipes with its entrees? Is your problem with the Crab Shack or me? My problem is, is you're taking it personally. It's strictly business. So that council meeting turned into the Larry and Anthony show. Scott hired himself a couple yellers. Right? He also hired you. Right now I need to hear your voice. I can hardly hear my own. I think selling the Crab Shack is a very big decision. You're selling the Crab Shack? Not if you make that face, I'm not. I'm sorry. It's just... Shocking? Sickening? Wrong? Yes, all of those. Tess is back in. That's that hustle! Let's see some hustle, baby! I don't know, Ollie. I mean, we saved for years to buy it, so selling it feels like killing our little dream. I don't want to be a dream killer. Well, the Crab Shack was Scott's dream, not yours. Scott is gone, and Mama's got bills to pay. Shoot. I'm on call, and they're calling. Go. We got the kids. Hey, Theo, I'm gonna see you at home. Theo, if you don't say good-bye to me, I'm gonna hug you in front of all these people. Bye. - What you doing? - Killing zombies. Is that how you get out aggression? Nope. I'm just bored. Soccer's boring. You know what? I agree. Hey, you know what's not boring? Football. I used to play at Duke, you know. Yeah, I know. You talk about it a lot. Because it's the best. When you're in that uniform, you get to do things you'd otherwise go to jail for. When are tryouts? I don't know. I never make the team. - Guys train for that all summer. - Then we better get started. - Heads up! - Dude, my phone. Excellent instincts. You want your phone back? Go long. Come on. Come on. Cut through! - Yeah! - Let me see that hustle! There it is, baby. There it is. That's my baby! That's right! Yes! That's what I'm talking about! Baby, you see that? Nice. Good job, baby. Good job. Excellent instincts. We operate at 95% capacity in season, - and here we have the kitchen. - Great. Anthony, why don't you offer Margo a sample of our signature bisque? Secret recipe included in the sale. Yeah, that's the right amount of cayenne that's perfection. With a palate like that you can probably taste the fresh local crab. Will that stay the same with Gladwell? Actually, one of the benefits of partnering with us is our access to bulk purchasing. It keeps the cost down, and our customers have proven in taste tests that they prefer the frozen stuff to the real deal. Yeah. - I find that hard to believe. - I know. It hurts, but it is the truth, and I thrive on honesty. So, if that's gonna be a deal breaker for you, then just say so. - Far from it. Would you like to see the front of the house? - Sure. - If you'll excuse me. I got to go and meet a fresh delivery while I still can. You are not a 32-week pregnant woman in pre-term labor, I hope. Your resident said you have a minute. I had a bad day. - No. What happened? - I tanked at writers' group. The leader hated my story so much, she didn't even let me finish it. - You're a great writer. - You have to say that. You're my mom. - I don't lie. Did I tell Charlotte that she was good at pottery? - No, but that was easy, because she's also a genius at everything else. You're a genius at writing. That woman's wrong. - My story's about Dad... and stuff. - What stuff? - Was he scared to die? - You know, love, this isn't a great time for that conversation. - It's never a great time. You guys protected us so much that now I'm the idiot reading a memoir with a flat character in front of a group of real writers. - He was terrified. After he found out that the cancer was back... he fell off the wagon. - He was 23 years sober. - It was one night. It was one slip. Larry brought him home. And he was so ashamed, it was a week before even we could talk about it. - Wow. That's... Wow. - Want another wow? There is a company that wants to buy the Crab Shack for a lot of money. - You want to sell Dad's place? - I don't want to sell it. - Then why are you even considering it? It's not like we need the money. - We do, actually. - Since when? - I mean, since forever. We got five kids and medical bills and... And I wish that he was here to tell me what to do, but he's not. I take it your vote is no? - It's not a yes. Sorry. What do the little kids think? I'm telling them tonight. Ice cream sundae bar. - Ice cream sundae bar. - Evan, I am thrilled you're coming back to the architecture program. - Yeah. It's good. You know, my mom's better. I got married. I'm in a good place. A lot's changed for you, in two years... and us, too. Have you heard about the lab? - Yeah. You're going into neighborhoods and renovating old houses. - We're going into Cuyler-Brownsville. - I was born over there. - I remember, from your final paper in my class. You inspired this lab, Evan. It's hands-on experience for the students and some welcome revitalization for that neighborhood. So are you guys gentrifying the place? - We're not trying to displace anyone, if that's what you mean. - Yeah, no, I... Sorry. I didn't mean-- - No. - We moved out when I was ten, but that neighborhood means a lot to me. You know, it was founded by slaves after the Civil War. - We're working with the local community leaders to make sure it keeps its historical designation. - Cool, cool, cool... So one other thing... I noticed the tuition hikes. - Yeah. It's the cost of doing business. - Right... the cost just feels a little extra this year, with my mom's medical bills still rolling in. - Yeah, well, we have got substantial financial aid. Here. Welcome back. That is how you outrun zombies. - I could never do that. - Yeah, man. A little practice and coaching, you could get there. All right, look, um, you see this chair? - Yeah. - Okay, that is a zombie, and the corner-- that's a zombie, too. Also the basket, all right? Now, you got something they want. - What's that? - The football. And you would eat dirt before you let 'em have it. He hurdles! He jukes! He jumps! What's he gonna do? There are zombies everywhere. What's happening? He ducks! Another fake! And he scores! - You want to try out for the team? You got that guy as your secret weapon. Nice catch. - Hey, Larry. I need to talk to you. - Is this about the Crab Shack? Because as God as my witness, they approached me first. - I found out about my dad falling off the wagon. I'm trying to write about his last year, including that night. My mom said you met him at the bar. - I did. - What did he say? - That's not for me to tell you. - Well, he obviously can't tell me. - What is it that you're looking for? - What he was feeling, why he drank. - He drank because he was an alcoholic. - But he was sober for 23 years. - And he died 67 days sober... And he was as proud of those 67 days as he was the 23 years that came before. - I know all the good stuff, Larry. I know that he was a great guy and that he fought for his sobriety and he loved his family, but in order for me to write about me, I need to know about him. I need to know his demons. - Do you know how lucky you are that your dad quit drinking before he ruined your life? That you didn't have to see his demons? That you got to admire your dad? Because he was admirable. Appreciate that gift, Luly. Walk that lonesome valley - Hey. Your ring... it's stunning. It's! Thank you. - I just got engaged. The ring still feels kind of clunky and awkward, but-- Do you get used to it? - You do, yeah. Congratulations. - Thank you. How long have you been married? My husband... I'm a widow. I'm so sorry. - Could I... - Yeah. Of course. - Thanks. - Hey. - I got your favorite Cab. - Wine is a weird way to end the day you found out your dad fell off the wagon. And my mom might sell the Crab Shack. - babe. I thought I had a long day. - Yeah. This morning I was a writer, and my dad was 23 years sober, and we were keeping the Crab Shack forever. Now I don't know. I'm mostly just playing solitaire and feeling sorry for myself. - Me too. - Why? What happened? - Nothing yet. It's just these student loans... It's a lot. - We're gonna pay it back. You're so talented, and you said it was your final paper that gave them the idea to go to Cuyler-Brownsville. You're amazing, and you are gonna get so many job offers when you graduate. - Starting salary for a talented architect is $51,735. Do you know how long it's gonna take me to pay back 75 grand? A long time. - But you need your degree. - Yeah? - You know what? You need some wine. I'm gonna open this bottle. - Okay. Hey, you want to know what your dad was like when he drank, ask Anthony. I bet that dude knows all kinds of stuff. - Hustle up! All right. Theo, we're gonna run a quick slam. What is that? - I drive off the ball, run five yards, and cut in a 45-degree angle. - Boom. JJ, you're on defense. Try not to let Theo freak you, okay? Ready? Go! Eyes, Theo. Extend your hands. Yes! - You caught it! - That's what I'm talking about! That's what I'm talking about! - I kept sliding around. - That's not your fault. You've got on high-tops. We'll get you some cleats. But you've got something that's way more important. You got sticky fingers. Not a lot of people have that. Hey, can we go again? - We're gonna have to go again if you want to make the team. - I want to make the team. - I can't hear you. - I want to make the team! - That's what I'm talking about! All right. Go long. Make that triangle. There it is! - Well, this certainly will be the most picturesque Gladwell location, easy. - Well, to be fair, our competition is airports and strip malls. Pretty low bar. - What a thinly veiled insult. - I take it you liked your tour? - Sure. What's not to like? - You studied French cuisine under Alain Ducasse in Paris. - You Googled me. - I'm just wondering how you parlayed the tutelage of a Michelin-starred chef into Gladwell. - Well, we can't all create Pelago and end up on "Chef's Table." - You Googled me, too. - No. I was already a fan. Pelago's special, and the Crab Shack is-- it's not Pelago. - Please understand that insulting the Crab Shack is like calling my baby ugly. - But it's not your baby. It was your friend's. So I do have to ask, what are you doing here, Anthony? - Coming back home. - No. Internet says your home is Chicago. - Exactly. I walked through those doors a virgin to Southern cooking. Never seen an oyster, let alone shuck one, and there was Scott Perry. This skinny Southern guy asking me if I want a low country boil. I was like, "A what?" The food here is Savannah culture on a plate. We source locally from fishermen right out there because we know the locals... because we are the locals. This place is an institution, and I'm just trying to keep it in the Perry family. - Those Perrys mean a hell of a lot to you, don't they? - Yeah. They do. - Babe, check it out-- my old helmet. - Hot. - Yeah, I think I'm gonna give it to Theo. - What? You don't think I should? - No. It's just I think maybe Tess would want it. - Babe, Tess doesn't play football. - I know. - Okay, I won't give it to him. - No. You should give it to him. You're right. Tess doesn't play football. - You still mad I was late tonight? Babe, you should have seen his face. He was so into it. I couldn't just walk away. - I know. I'm not mad. I just miss you. And you look adorable wearing that thing. - Who wants a sundae? - Ice cream! Ice cream. That's you. - You made a sundae bar when you told us Dad was stopping treatment. - Don't be a bummer. - Mom's got bad news. I can smell it. - It's not bad news. It's just news. There is a company that wants to buy the Crab Shack. They toured it today, and they liked what they saw. - But you said no, right? - Well, that's what we have to decide. - I told you it was bad news. - So we're deciding whether or not to throw away the Crab Shack? - Yeah. Do you want to throw away Dad? - No, buddy. Of course not. - But you are selling him out. - What does Luly think? - Honestly, she's having a hard time with it. - Yeah. So am I. - Fair, but if we did decide to sell, we could still eat there. Some other company would just be in charge. - Could I still work there when I'm old enough, like Dad? - Sure. Listen, I know it's only money, but the amount they're offering could put all you guys through college. - What if I get a scholarship? Then can we keep the Crab Shack? - Yeah, and I don't even need tuition, 'cause I'm not going to college. - Theo, yes, you are. - Says who? - Says me, but you know what? Let's have this fight tomorrow. I'm exhausted. - Us too, from football. - Yeah? Who's playing football? - Theo. He has sticky fingers. That means he's gonna make the team. - What team? The football team? - Oliver's been coaching me. He says I'm really good at it. - Theo, pick a sport with a lower rate of life-altering brain injury. I beg you. Dad loved soccer, right? - Yeah, and he died anyway. - What's this? - Precious cargo. The bait. - It's raw chicken necks. - Luly, we have chicken necks. - Want to come crabbing with us? - I can't. I'm on a writing deadline. - What's up? I got to get out there before the tides change. - Hey, I have some questions, and I think you might have the answers. - Why is that? - You know the truth about my dad. - What about your dad? - About our life when I was a baby. It's for a "launch my career" kind of writing project. What's the real story there? The real story... is a long one. Got to get going. - Well, I guess I'm coming with you, then. - Hey. - Let's go. - We going fast or super fast? Super fast! - Skip the line, skip the line Skip the line - This is a grade-three brain bleed on a 13-year-old. The cause? - Robin... - Football. This guy's TBI is so severe, he can barely remember where he lives. how'd he get that way, Ollie? - Likely years of playing professional-- - By playing football. - You asked me to help. - Yes, I asked you to help not make things worse. I am fighting my own battles with this kid, Ollie, and you've turned me into the wicked witch who said no to football. - What if you considered saying yes? - Have you seen the scans? - I know the risks, and as Dr. Post, I struggle with the game, but as Oliver, football got me through some hard times. College wasn't easy. I was still closeted, and football was my salvation. - I know, but-- - When's the last time you saw Theo excited? - I mean, it's Theo. - I'm honestly asking. - I mean, it's been a while. - Exactly, and you were right to be worried before. Theo has a lot of aggression and no place to put it. Football can be that place. - I can't sign a permission slip for my son to get hurt. - It's a tough call, but there are two types of kids-- kids who play in the park during the day and kids who drink there at night. We both know which one Scott was. Which kid do you want Theo to be? - Did you see that? - Yeah. - What do you think it is? - I want to write about my dad, and all I've ever been told is he was a drunk, he had me, he got sober. What really happened there? - It was a messy situation. - I know. I mean, I know about the adoption. - You do? - Yeah. - Okay. I just don't even think your mom knows about them. - About who? - You just said you know about the adoption? - I know I was put up for adoption. - Right. - Who's them? The couple that was gonna adopt me? - Yeah. - What are you not telling me? - There's stuff your dad obviously didn't want you to know. It's not my story to tell. - It's my story. That's the thing, and if he didn't want me to know it, then he was wrong. Can't he have been wrong? Okay... The couple that wanted to adopt you... They did. They took you home. - I had another family? For how long? - Couple of months. Your dad decided he wanted you a few weeks after you were born, but we had to go to court, so... you stayed with them while we fought for you. - And they fought for me, too. - They did, and they lost, because your dad won. - He said he saw my face after I was born and knew who he wanted to be. - And I think that's true. But I also think it's true that he was scared to death. I mean, he was young, single, and broke and an alcoholic. So what did he do? He went on a bender. A couple of weeks later, he shows up at my door, obliterated, saying he wants to get sober and he wants to be a dad, and would I help him? - And you did? - I threw him in a cold shower. I poured out all the booze in the house, because I could see if anything was gonna make my friend sober, it was you. And I did. - Yeah. Yeah. You did. - Hey, Mom, we made you a Scotty. - What is going on here? - It's farm to table. - Did you know you can rub a crab's belly to make it fall asleep? It's not asleep right now. It's dead because we caught it. Um... Where's Theo? He didn't go with you guys? - He's mad you won't let him do football. He went to Brandon's. - His loss. Anthony taught us how to make Dad's special sauce. He did? Can I talk to Anthony for one second alone? And thank you. Thank you. - Of course. - Okay. You are ruthless. - I don't know what you're talking about. - Trying to sway my vote with a sandwich and my children. - I don't know. Maybe. Why don't you take a bite? Robin, the Crab Shack is Scott. You walk in that door, and it's haunted. I see him in every inch of that place. It's who he was. It's how we can keep him alive. - He's not alive, Anthony. As much as we may wish it and want him to be, he's not coming back. And we have to accept that, I forgot how good this is. What is it about this sandwich? - It's Scott. - Yeah. - You know what? Just sleep on it, okay? - Okay. Wake up, Theo. Go away. - No. Be safe, okay? And keep your grades up. The first concussion, this goes away. You're gonna let me play football? - Against my better judgment, yes. - "The truth is, he looked into the eyes of the baby and ran. "He was scared, and when he returned two months later "and ripped me from the couple who had adopted me, "he was still scared. "I have to figure out who he was. "More importantly... I have to figure out who I am." As long as I'm breathing Wish I had something to say But I don't Wish I had something to say But I don't We're on hallowed ground, and I wanted to give you guys my answer here. Anthony, you're right. I feel Scotty the minute I walk in the door. You know, it's... where he got his first paycheck... and his last, and... It's where he got down on one knee and asked me to marry him. It's where our whole family started. But keeping this place isn't gonna bring him back, is it? So I'm asking you to help keep his memory alive. I need you to preserve what makes this place special and really take care of it. And if you'll do that... then I'll sign. - It's doable. There are so many things we already like about this place as is. In fact, we very much would like Anthony to stay on and see us through the transition. He adds stability and value. And so, if we can get him to agree to one year, then I would say we have a deal. - That's a big ask. Anthony, if that's too big, I get it. - You sure this is what you want? I can't live in the past. I got to keep moving forward. - Then I guess you got yourself a deal. - So I'll see you tonight at Tess's parent-teacher conference? - When is it again? - 5:00. - 5:00? Who schedules these things? 5:00 is still the workday. Can you cover for me, babe? - Sure. - Thank you. - You know, it's noon now. That's the workday, too, but you're here. - Well, I had to be here. - No. You chose to be here, like you chose to run plays with Theo. - Peter, come on. - Do you think I want to be the guy who's jealous of the family that just lost their dad? I hate feeling like this. - I can make more time for you and Tess. All you got to do is ask. - I have asked, but you're always slammed, and Robin asks you to find some time, and, magically, time appears. Tell me I'm wrong. I want to be wrong. - Yeah, you're not wrong. - Hey. Thanks for sticking it out here--Gladwell and all. - You're not mad? - No. It's what my mom wants. And I need to thank you because they liked my story. - Who? - My writers' group. The leader says it's angry and raw, in a good way. - Angry? - I'm pissed at my dad for hiding the truth. Wow, that's hard to even say aloud. You were the only one that helped me. I appreciate that. - Anytime. - She thinks I may have a memoir in me. She says the fact that I just made this big childhood discovery is exciting, and it could lead to more discoveries. Anyway, she said it better than that. She called me a shark. - A shark? - Yeah. On the hunt for the truth. So... thank you for helping me be a shark. - Do you think that Margo lady's gonna keep the alligators? - Well, I can put in a good word on their behalf. - Ivy, our table's ready. - Hi, JJ. - Hi, Ivy. Do you want to feed the alligators? - Ivy, get over here now. What are you doing? Is that--are those your kids? - No. No, they're... I'm helping to look after my sponsor's kids. - So you're playing at being a dad now? Who would trust you with their children? - I'm sober, Lauren. - I've heard that before. Come on, Ivy. - Who's that? - That was my daughter. I thought we were meeting at a restaurant to celebrate me being a writer and you going back to school. - I wanted your opinion. All right? - Okay. - What do you think? - Of what? The house? - Yeah, it's a foreclosure. It's up for auction. They're starting bids at $34,000. - Is this one of the houses you're gonna work on with school? - I'm not going back to school. - What? - Look, I can get a degree and spend years working jobs that I don't want, in order to pay back my debt. - Evan... - Or we can do this project-- my project on our own. and if we buy this house when we buy this house, it'll be an asset instead of a debt. - But you won't have a degree. - I don't need it. I can hire guys to draft plans and take them down to the city. Those guys are hourly guys. I have a vision, and if I get weighed down by debt, it'll never happen. - What's your vision? - Take back the neighborhood. Do these houses right. Start with this our house. What do you think? Yeah So just let me carry you Carry you, carry you, carry you Baby You let me carry you Carry you, carry you, carry you - Anthony? - I'm sorry. I screwed up. Luly came at me with questions, and I told her about the adoption and the other couple. - Wait, Scott never told her? - No. She was wrecked. And now she's a shark after blood. Those are her words. - She said that? She's after blood? - She's after the truth. That's the story of love It takes time to know it... What I've come to understand is that we're haunted by the past... that in some ways it keeps us from moving forward in our lives. Someone to help you through So how do you move past your grief? Hey, so just let me carry you Carry you, carry you, carry you First, you have to recognize that you're ready... Carry you, carry you, carry you Yeah Just let me, Yeah That it's okay to move on. It's good, even. It means you're alive. Fixed by Serginho Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 