American Dragon: Jake Long: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Dragon: Jake Long 
 s1e3 - The Talented Mr. Long - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Dragon: Jake Long (2005–2007): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Talented Mr. Long - full transcript 
 The talent show and its unique prize. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Taranushi's chalice. For thousands of centuries, man and magical beast alike have fought to possess it. Countless lives have been lost in the quest to control the powers locked within it. Through fires, floods, and famine, the chalice has survived! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn And now, finally, for a small fee, it can be yours. Cut the dramatics, see? I'm not here for a bedtime story. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm here for the goods. (EXCLAIMS) The chalice! Where is it? Where is it? You fool! It's lost forever. (ECHOING) Forever... Forever... Forever... Forever. I've been waiting forever for principal Derceto to announce the school talent show. Here we go again. This is my year, Trix. I can feel it. Uh, Spud, you say that every year. But this time, I'm gonna do it. This year's trophy is the nicest one yet. Oh, baby, baby, it can't be. But it is! Oh! You will be mine! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (MANIACAL LAUGHTER) Ahem. As you were. (THEME SONG PLAYING) ♪ He's cool, he's hot like a frozen sun ♪ ♪ He's young and fast, He's the chosen one ♪ ♪ People, we're not braggin' ♪ ♪ He's the American Dragon ♪ ♪ He's gonna stop his enemies with his dragon power ♪ ♪ Dragon teeth, dragon tail, burnin' dragon fire ♪ ♪ A real live wire ♪ ♪ American Dragon ♪ JAKE: Dragon up! ♪ American Dragon ♪ Oh, oh, oh, whoa! ♪ He's the American Dragon ♪ Break it down with the dragon. ♪ His skills are gettin' faster ♪ ♪ With Grandpa, the master ♪ ♪ His destiny, what's up, G? ♪ ♪ It's showtime, baby, for the legacy ♪ ♪ American Dragon ♪ ♪ From the "J" to the "A" to the "K" to the "E" ♪ ♪ I'm the Mack Daddy dragon of the NYC ♪ Ya heard? GRANDPA: Jake! Get back to work! Aw, man. (GONG DINGS) Ok. I know it's in here somewhere. Aha! Ha ha ha. Or should I say, voila! Spud the Spudnificent magician extraordinaire ready for action. Hey-yo, Spud. I'm thinking maybe this talent show thing ain't the best idea. Trixie's got a point. I mean, remember last year? Oh! TRIXIE: And the year before that? (SCREAMING) JAKE: And the year before that? Now, hold still. (GULPS) At least the hatchets was made of rubber. Hey, trust me, homey, rubber don't make the nightmares go away, ok? Ok. Forget about the hatchets. This is about a dream, man. My great grandfather was a magician. And he taught me to never give up. Too bad he neglected to teach you "magic." I'll never forget his catchphrase, Words of immense magical power. Abbigo airee agee attomb. What the heck does that mean? I don't know. That was always about when he was laughed off the stage. That's why I've been trying to win all these years. For SuperGramps. And also 'cause the trophy's are always so shiny. You really wanna win this thing, huh? More than I want air to breathe. Ok. We're in. What? Spud the Spudnificent just got himself 2 lovely assistants. We gonna help you win this thing. You mean it? You two are the best friends in the whole world. Wednesday, 11 hours, 38 minutes, 16 seconds, coordinated universal time. Have learned that Taranushi's chalice has ended up as the first prize in the school talent show. The chalice contains a magical creature that I plan to unleash at last proving once and for all that-- Hoo! You there. Hands in the air. Taranushi's chalice is mine! All mine! You're my witnesses. When the chalice runneth over with water, the creature shall be released. And all of my research will be proven true! Looks like we got another one for Bellevue. Behold, the ma-- (EXCLAIMS) Chess club? This is the wrong trophy. The talent show trophy will be mine! Hoo-hoo! Ok. I've been working on this one for the show. Pick a card, any card. Any...Card. Ok, not that card. I can't do the trick if you keep picking the wrong card! Ear of the dragon. I wish I could tell you more, principal. The perp escaped on foot before we could question him further. He was ranting about the talent show trophy like a madman. (SIGHS) Vandals. From now on, I'll be storing the school trophies somewhere safe. (BELL RINGS) Which leads us to conclude that magical creatures are indeed among us. But, uh, rest assured... (YAWNS, MUMBLES) (SNORING) (WHISTLE SOUND) (EXCLAIMS) Ha ha. I've never had a teacher so boring he puts himself to sleep. (LAUGHING MANIACALLY) Oh! Oh. So, we have a comedian on our hands. Well, here's a joke for you, Mr. Ha Ha. Knock-knock. Who's there? You're failing my class! And per school rules, any student who fails a class, even the star quarterback, loses his football eligibility. (LAUGHS) Hilarious. No? (BELL RINGS) Class dismissed. All right, here's another one I've been practicing. The old tablecloth trick. You know, except without the tablecloth. Or the dishes. Hey-yo! Getting in busta with Rotwood is no kind of talent. You hear me? Huh? Jakey, you coming? Uh, I'll catch up with you guys later. Taranushi's chalice, created 2 million years ago by a tribe of nomadic elves. What is this trash? So, the talent show trophy isn't some ancient chalice? No, it is. But everyone knows that Taranushi's chalice was created by goblins. Not elves! Taranushi's chalice has an evil jinn imprisoned within it. When the chalice is filled to the point that it runneth over, the jinn will be released. How do you get it back in? Hmm. I'm afraid you don't. Unfortunately, the incantation to recapture the creature has been lost for a century. And that Professor Nutwood knows about this chalice? Yo. I bet he was the one who tried to steal it last night. He could barely stay awake in class today. Jake, you must get that chalice before Professor Rotwood does. The safety of the magical community depends on it. (STRAINING) Whoa! Ok. If I were an ancient magical chalice, where would I-- I just wanted to express my concern that the trophies, especially the talent show trophy, was safe from any further vandal attempts in the, um... Where was it that you hid it again? Professor Rotwood, I've never seen you take such interest in our talent show before. Well, frankly, principal Derceto, I feel that certain students here have talents they're hiding, talents that should be exposed to the whole world. Rest assured, professor, the trophy is safe. The next and only person to get their hands on it will be the winner of the talent show. Now if you will excuse me... Mm, interesting. Fresh roasted, I think. Mr. Long, I didn't hear you come in. Can I help you? Uh, yeah. I was just looking for, um, the bee. Oh, yo, here it is. (BEATBOXING) Then you know what you have to do. You must enter the talent show and win that chalice. No way, Gramps. I already told Spud I'd help him win. I can't enter against my best friend. Kid, if Professor Nutwood gets ahold of that chalice, he'll expose magical creatures to the world. Science wants answers. Next thing you know, boom! Eunice the unicorn is getting sliced up in a lab. (GROANS) You must enter the talent show. And you must win it. It is your duty as the American Dragon. Aw, man. "F." what comes after? "F." "F." Uh, knock-knock. Who's there? Well? Well, what's the punchline, Mr. Ha Ha? You can't just say "knock-knock" and not have a punchline. I--I just-- You told me to come by. I can come back if-- No. I asked you here to offer you an extra credit opportunity. Perhaps a way to reinstate your status on the football team. Sit. I've noticed from your transcripts that you seem to be quite the piano prodigy, eh? You've taken piano lessons for the last 11 years, yes? 12, actually. 12. What do you say we continue this conversation at the talent show rehearsal? Dusk comes quickly now. The sun sets on the hay field. The hogs will come home. Ahem. Soo-eey! Soo-ee-soo! Soo soo soo soo soo! (SNORTS) Pigga-pigga-piggy-pigga- pigga-pigga-pigga-piggy! The competition's gonna be fierce. Here, put this on. Does my booty look like a discoball to you? Hey, guys. What's up? Jake, where've you been? Tell Spud that lovely assistants can just be as lovely in jeans and t-shirts. I don't see him trying to cram you into a sequined dress. Well, actually, uh... Yeah, uh, about that. I kinda sorta gotta back out of the Spud the Spudnificent act. I'm, uh, entering the talent show, too. (LAUGHS) My bad. It sounded like you said you were entering the talent show. Er, but I know that's not what I think I heard 'cause if you take that trophy away from Spud, you be crushing his one and only dream. Now, Trixie, I'm sure Jake has a very good explanation as to why he's stabbing his best friend in the back. Right, jerk-- Jake? Right. Yeah. I do. I mean, I would if I did. But I guess I don't, so, uh... Come on, Spud. Let's peep the real competition. (SIGHS) (TINKLING) 50 swans. 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56... FEMALE ANNOUNCER: And now Jake Long will perform a ventriloquist act with his dog puppet. Hey, what do you call a pirate ship in Soho? I don't know, Captain Arr-arr, what? Yo-ho. Ha ha ha. Hey, where do pirates go for picnics? Central p-arr-k. Why don't they serve escargot in Davy Jones' locker? 'Cause dead men sell no snails. Papa. Dude, he's really good. I trust you'll be better. Oof. -Uhh! -Oof. Admirable attempt, Mr. Long, but I'm afraid you'll never beat my young piano prodigy with that mangy puppet. Who you calling mangy there, Molly McHairpiece? I beg your pardon. Ha ha ha. Take it easy, Captain Arr-arr. Seriously, you might wanna call an exterminator for that rat's nest you call hair. I'd like to introduce you to a new concept. It's called a comb-- What can I say? He's got a mind of his own. Hilarious. You'll be laughing all the way to last place. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a beautiful concerto to listen to. (NECK CRACKS) (PLAYING OFF-KEY) Whoa! 12 years! 12 years of piano lessons?! Hey, I said I took them. I didn't say I was any good. We had a deal. Unless you get me that trophy, you will fail my class and be removed from the football team! Hey, prof, don't sweat it. You'll get your trophy. I may not play piano good, but the Bradster has other talents. Like addressing yourself in the third person? Like eliminating the competition. Greenwich pillage, get it? Pillage with the pillage in the-- Yeah, come on. Can't we put it in the act? Yeah, whatever. Kid, come on. You gotta get into this. Your timing was totally off on the Empire State building bit. Hey-yo, that puppet is ill. It's just so real. So where do you put your hand up this thing anyway? Do you just stick it in-- Whoa! whoa! Trixie, what's going down? I came to ask you the same thing. Spud is really sick about this whole thing, Jake. His big, ol' Spud heart is just crumpling. Trixie, I just--I-- I have to do this. I ain't trying to hear that, Jake. You and I both know you could put a hurting on Spud. Isn't that enough? I'm asking you to drop out. As a friend? I can't. Well, you gotta do what you gotta do. I just hope you know what you doing, broheim. Ohh! (GROANING) A pot which boils over every day is soon empty. I'm sorry, Gramps, it's just-- This is so messed up. I'm sorry, too, young one. But as the American Dragon, you will be faced with many difficult decisions. So what am I supposed to do? We are each faced with many roads along our journey. And we cannot always choose the one that's easiest to travel. Sometimes we must make sacrifices. Why do you think Grandpa's only friend is a 600-year-old shar pei? What can I say? I'm great at parties. Whoo-hoo! (SIGHS) ANNOUNCER: Welcome to the school talent show. First contestant Obadiah Mayfield with his award-winning hog call. Ahem. Soo-eey! (SNORTING) pigga-pigga-pigga-piggy! (SQUEALING) Get it off of me! Get it off of me! Oh, yeah. I dated a girl who's a hog farmer. Hit me up high, prof. Ahem. One swan... One swan... One swan... One swan! (SOBBING) Aah! Aah! (SQUEALING) Pig attack! Get it off of me! BRAD: 2 down. Aah! (SOBS) The music is dead. The music is dead. Now, all I have to do is get rid of Jake, and it's in the bag. What about this Spud, uh, Spudnificent? You mean Spud the dud? Don't worry, prof. I don't think he'll be a problem. Um, anyone see a little white rabbit around here? Yo, that's like the third bunny you lost today. I swear, the things I do for that boy. Listen, it's just you and me and puppet boy left in the show. So, um, what do you say we get rid of Jake and make it a fair contest? No way, man. Jake's my bud. Fine! good luck with your talent, magic boy. Hey, that's magic man to you, rump roast. Listen, kid, I know you're bummed about this. But--avast, matey. Trouble off the starboard bow. Hey, um, principal Derceto wants us to wait upstairs till our turn. -Why? -Dude... If I could read the principal's mind, I'd be like a mind-reader or something. You coming or not? Right up here. Just follow the Bradster. Are you sure this is where-- Go deep for your little puppet, sucker. Aah! ANNOUNCER: Please welcome our next contestant Brad Mordon. Oh, there's my cue. Too bad you'll miss yours... Loser. (LOCK TURNS) Yeah, like a locked door can keep in the American Dragon. Let's get out of here, Fu. Ah, minor problem, kid. Oh, Fu! gross! Oh, yeah, like I planned to make my heinie one with the plumbing. Will you get me out of here, eh? (GRUNTING) Easy, kid. You trying to skin me? (YELLS) (PLAYING OFF-KEY) (SILENCE) BOY: Brad, you rock! All right, thank you for that interesting piece. Next contestant, Spud the Spudnificent. Trixie, we can't go on yet. I can't find-- my rabbit! Ha ha ha. Thanks. (GROANING) Whoo! All right, time to unlock this door dragon style. Dragon up! Yow! Whoa! dragon down. Yikes, we've got some serious plumbing issues. Oh, great. Some sidekick I am. Let the American Dragon get bested by a toilet. Come on, kid, will you wake up? Whoa. What th-- We gotta get out of here! Yeah. Tell me something I don't know. Jake Long. Did I miss my turn? No! No. Observe, as Spud the Spudnificent Pulls a rabbit out of his hat! Whoa. What in the heck kind of rabbit is that? The magic kind. Behold the magic of Spud the Spudnificent. (ALL CHEERING) Dragon up! Huh? Magic creatures. There are magic creatures on stage. Well, Professor Rotwood, it is a magic show. No! not magic magical creatures. Real ones, living, breathing-- Fire-breathing, for that matter. Oh, don't be absurd. It's all done with a sleight of hand. Pyrotechnics. Pyrotechnics, my eyes! It's real, I tell you. And I'll prove it. Everyone, listen to me. (GASPS) (ALL GASPING) (STRAINING) Whoa! (EXCLAIMS) (GROANS) Come on, magic, work! work! Aaggh. Abbigo...Airee... Agee attomb! Awesome! (CHEERING) Put your hands together for Spud the Spudnificent. I guess we found the long lost incantation. Go SuperGramps. AUDIENCE: That's amazing! Wow! Whoo! Ha ha, I did it. I knew if I practiced magic long enough, it would finally kick in one day. All right, and now our last contestant, Jake Long. Ok, kid. Let's go win us a chalice. Hey, good luck out there and watch your back. Brad was talking about getting rid of you. Come on, kid. What are you waiting for? Sorry, Fu. Gotta do what I gotta do. Um, I'd like to withdraw myself from the competition. ALL: What? In that case, the winner of the talent show is Spud the Spudnificent. (ALL CHEERING) This one's for you, superGramps. Yo, Jake. Hey, wait up. Hey, um, I just wanted to thank you for, you know, um, everything. Nah. I should've never entered the talent show in the first place. No one can beat Spud the Spudnificent. Personally, I'm glad you ditched the ventriloquist act. That puppet do give me the creeps. The way his eyes be following you around. What can I say? I'm full of surprises, sister. Whoo-hoo! Seriously, creepy. Here, dude. I know you dropped out because of me. I want you to have this. You sure? Totally. I ain't playing, Jake. Give that tired ol' toy to charity. What? Mission accomplished. Aw, you should've seen Jake fighting the jinn, The crowds roaring, goin' crazy. Well done, young one. Look, I know what you're gonna say. I totally picked the wrong road. You may have picked the wrong road for the American Dragon, but you picked the right road for a friend. Now, let's put Taranushi's chalice somewhere safe. -I thought you had it. -I thought you had it. You had it when we left school. Well, you had it on the subway. -The subway! -The subway! NARRATOR: Taranushi's chalice. For thousands of centuries, man and magical beast alike have fought to possess it. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 