American Dragon: Jake Long: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Dragon: Jake Long 
 s2e2 - Half Baked - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Dragon: Jake Long (2005–2007): Season 2, Episode 2 - Half Baked - full transcript 
 Jake must bake cupcakes for extra credit in his Home Eq class, but he accidentally includes a magical venom in the recipe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 GRANDPA: Release yourself, young dragon. Concentrate. Concentrate. Right. Right. Think. Think. Think. Think. (YELPS) Do not think. Feel. Sense the vibrations around you. (STOMACH BELLOWING) Sorry. That vibration was actually a chili cheese dog working its way through. (BURPS) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Just pretend I'm not here. GRANDPA: Let your instincts guide you. My instincts. Right. Not thinking. Feeling. (ORIENTAL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING AS BACKGROUND SCORE) GRANDPA: Sense the balance of the magical world-- Good and evil both. I... I can feel it. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of cool actually. I'm chillin' with the vibes and all the-- Huh? Rose. Jake, you have to listen to me. The Huntsman is planning something big, something terrible. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -You have to stop him. -What about you? You can't save me, Jake. It's too dangerous. You're worth it. -(MUTTERS) -Oh, man! Jake, it is 6 a.m. time for dragon training. Oh, that's nasty. I got to go rinse my mouth out in the toilet. Are you all right, young one? -(FU GARGLING) -Yeah. I was just having the freakiest dream. Rose. (THEME SONG PLAYING) ♪ He's cool, he's hot like a frozen sun ♪ ♪ He's young and fast He's the chosen one ♪ ♪ People, we're not braggin' ♪ ♪ He's the American Dragon ♪ ♪ He's gonna stop his enemies with his dragon power ♪ ♪ Dragon teeth, dragon tail, burnin' dragon fire ♪ ♪ A real live wire ♪ ♪ American Dragon ♪ ♪ American Dragon ♪ ♪ He's the American Dragon ♪ ♪ His skills are gettin' faster ♪ ♪ With Grandpa, the master ♪ ♪ His destiny, what's up, G? ♪ ♪ It's showtime, baby, for the legacy ♪ ♪ American Dragon ♪ ♪ I'm a dragon, I'm not braggin' It's my destiny ♪ ♪ I'm the magical protector of the NYC ♪ Ya heard? ♪ American Dragon ♪ Yeow! So let me get this straight. After you smooched me like a sucker fish, you realized that was in your hand? The Huntsgirl's mask. The mask of the Huntsgirl. Guys, I think it was more than a dream. I think... I think Rose was trying to contact me from wherever she is. Jake, you sure there's not some explanation that's a little less, I don't know, cra-zazy? Well, there are spells you can use to enter people's dreams. I use 'em all the time to avoid paying long-distance charges. -Blueski. -That's gotta be it. Maybe I can use the same kind of spell to enter her dreams -and find out-- -No, Jake. -It may be a trap. -No doubt. I'm telling y'all Rose is bad news. It is best to proceed with caution. You really miss her, don't you, kid? It's been three months, Fu. I thought I'd be over her by now, but I'm not. I just... I need to know she's okay. (SIGHS) Okay. The old man's gonna hate me for this, but if you're serious about finding her, I think I know a spell that'll do it. Fu, that's awesome. You're my dog. And I mean that in a hip-hop way, not in a... I own you way. Easy, kid. I'm still recovering from our early smooch session with the nasty morning breath. So what are we talking here? A portal spell. It's pretty tricky. But if done right, it'll open a dimensional door to wherever Rose is. Well, what are we waiting for? One problem. I'm missing a key ingredient-- -Krylock venom. -Kry what now? Krylock. A beast of pure evil that feeds off of magical creatures. It has the head of a cobra and the body of a scorpion. -(SHRIEKS) -SPUD: Aw. He's not evil. He's just misunderstood-- (SCREAMS) He's evil! Okay, so let's go find this kry thing already. That's the hitch, kid. Our guy's interdimensional. -Meaning? -Meaning it lives in another dimension. The only way it can enter our world is through a dimensional door which can pop up anywhere, anytime, anyplace. -It's impossible to track. -So what do we do? We wait for it to make an appearance in our neck of the woods. When it does, that's when we strike. Uh, Jakey, if Fu told us to wait, how come we staying up all night trying to find this kry beast thingy? 'Cause he might've missed something. The sooner we find it, the sooner I find Rose. (SIGHS) Okay. But I'm warning you. Around 2 a.m., Trixie's breath started to smell like a truck stop in Skagsville. In a good way. Jakey, me and Spud, we understand how much you dig Rose and all, -but she disappeared months ago. -(SCREAMING) Maybe it's time for you to start moving on with your life. Move on? How can you say that after everything I've been through. Maybe because we went through everything with you. Yeah. Like when you were convinced the Huntsman was holding Rose hostage in the Hunts lair. Rose, I'm here. Uh, (CHUCKLES) I don't suppose the evil Huntsclan that used to live here left a forwarding address. And then there was that whole depression phase. Oh, Rose, sweet Rose. For you I'd blow my nose. (SOFT APPLAUSE) Peace out. SPUD: And remember that one day when you decided to just give up on girls? -Yo, brother, what up? -I'm sorry, Jake. I don't think this is going to work out. Aw. But my hairdo rules! Sorry, Jakey, but since she left, life's been passing you by. Yeah. And your grades have kind of, well... (WHISTLING, MIMICS EXPLOSION) You guys couldn't be more wrong. My life is great, and my grades couldn't be better. SPUD: You're flunking Home Ec? Dude, I didn't think Miss Park even gave out grades. Brad blew up a pot roast last week and all he got was a frowny face. That's right. The Bradster makes home ec home excellent. Hey, that "F" wasn't my fault. -That peanut brittle recipe was tricky. -Don't worry, Jake. I'm sure you'll do better next time. Thankfully, Chip, Bernice, and Gilbert each survived your recipe with only minimal damage to their braces. Jake, can I see you for a moment? Sure, Miss Park. What's up? Please, call me Sun. Miss Park is so formal. -Sure, Sun. -Jake, I haven't been teaching here very long, and I don't know you that well. But I've taken an interest in you. You see, I know that you're different, that you're destined for great things. What? No. Uh uh. No. This here's a greatness-free zone. I'm just your average kid dealing with average-kid problems. Peer pressure, teen angst, random zit clusters. Understood. But we still have a little problem of your failing grade. How would you feel about one last chance at extra credit? You gotta bake what? Five dozen cupcakes for the school carnival tomorrow. The more I sell, the more extra credit I get. No. No carnival. Carnivals have clowns. Horrible, evil clowns that steal your breath and devour your children. Uh, Trixie, translation. Spud had a bad clown experience when he was five. Look, Daddy, Clowny McHonk-Honk. Clowny McHonk-Honk. (SHRIEKS) Me, 12 trombonists, and the cable access weather lady haven't been the same since. The sooner I bake these cupcakes, the sooner I can get back to finding-- Where's Jake? The Krylock is loose in Central Park. Pain. (SHRIEKS) (NEIGHS) So, once you get the Krylock to point "b," Spud and Trixie will do their thing, and you'll extract the venom into this. Remember, kid, this may be your only chance to find Rose. Then I'm taking it. Dragon up. Sorry, Krylock. But you got a little something Jakey wants. Yo, this Krylock's cake. Jake, the Kry dude's coming all up on your tail. I'll have it defeated in no ti--what? (YELPS) Oh. Dudes, he's at point "b." -(GRUNTS) -(SHRIEKS) Guys, now! Hey, Krylock, looks like your ride's leaving. Ha. Got it, guys. Let's go open us up a portal. SPUD: Dude, we're still missing a key ingredient. Cupcakes can't bake without baking soda. A-duh, the baking soda is in your hand. Can you guys keep it down a little? We're working on a portal spell over here. Yeah, and we're working on your extra credit over here. Give me some bat guano. Spud, cocoa powder. -Troll belches. -(BURPS) -Heavy whipping cream. -Krylock venom. Vanilla. And presto. One portal potion ready for action. And one batch of cupcakes are ready for baking. Okay, kid, here's the deal. Just throw the potion in the air and say Rose's name. When the portal opens, you dive in. Next thing you know, it'll be you and her and va-va-vavoom. I guess this is it. How's my hair? Does it look okay? It looks fine. Just be careful, okay? Rose. (GRUNTS) Uh, I'm guessing it didn't work. -A nice pratfall, kid. -Whoa! You okay, baby? Are you okay? ♪ Well, my woman she left me ♪ ♪ She don't come round here no more ♪ Look, Jakey, we're sorry the spell didn't work, but we're not gonna let you waste away a whole day in bed, yo. Wha-what happened to the music? The pretty, pretty music. ♪ My woman, she left me ♪ Dude, get a grip. Like it or not, life goes on. Now, snap out of it, get dressed, and march your patootie downstairs 'cause the school carnival's starting, and we got cupcakes to sell. I just don't get what went wrong. We had all the ingredients. I said Rose's name. How about we forget about what went wrong and we focus on what went right? Behold the cupcakes. I have to say, Jake, if these cupcakes were any more delicious, someone might think I made them. Hola, familia. Ooh, me, oh my. Those cupcakes look absolutely scrumptious. Honestly, Haley, I don't know where you find the time. Uh. Sorry, papa dog. We're saving these for the school carnival. Come on, y'all. Let's rotate. Honey, my catering assistant just called, frantic. Something about rancid coconut puffs. Are you okay to watch Haley for a few hours? Oh, don't you worry about a thing, honey. There is nothing I would rather do than spend a nice, relaxing evening at home with my little angel. Come here. (CARNIVAL MUSIC PLAYING) Thanks. And enjoy the cupcakes. But don't just enjoy the cupcakes. Enjoy each other. 'Cause mortal enemies or not, you never know when you're gonna be ripped apart by the hands of fate, never to see each other again. Come back soon, you hear? (SNIFFS) Vanilla? So that's what went wrong with my portal spell. So what's all this about a portal spell? (CHUCKLES) Funny story, see, me and the kid did a portal spell and-- here's the funny part. It seems that vanilla ended up in the potion, -which means-- -Fu Dog, are you telling me there's Krylock venom in the school cupcakes? Pretty much. Is that a bad thing? (SPEAKING OTHER LANGUAGE) Cupcakes. Get your delicious homemade cupcakes right here! (HONKING) (SQUEALS) Everybody run for your lives! It's Clowny McHonk-Honk! (WHIMPERS) Spud, it's all right. I'm gonna prove to you once and for all that clowns are completely harmless. Why, hello, Mr. McHonk-Honk. Might I interest you and your clowny cohorts in some delicious homemade cupcakes? Yo. FU: Kid, don't eat the cupcakes. (SPITS) Huh? They are spiked with Krylock venom which should never be consumed by humans. What? Why? What will happen? See, Spud, what'd I tell you? -Clowns are harmless. And-- -(PANTING, GROANING) (ROARS) Totally. I've been scared all these years for nothing. Make me laugh, clowns. Make me laugh. (YELPING) Word up. (PANTING) (GASPING FOR AIR) Jakey, we got issues. I know. There's Krylock venom in the cupcakes. Hey-hey, honey pie. You ready to pucker up for the Bradster? (ROARS) (EVIL VOICE) I sure am. Jackpot. Oh, snap. Didn't Haley eat one? Don't worry, pumpkin, according to Dr. Gimple's Big Book of Child Rearing, this is probably the result of a teensy food allergy. Not to worry. Do you know if you're allergic to chocolate? O-kay. I'm gonna take that as a yes. -(CLAMORING) -Okay, don't panic. Gramps and Fu will be here in a minute. Uh, Jakey, I don't think we got a minute. (ALL SCREAMING) Okay, no more clowning around. Now you're messing with the am-drag. Come on, y'all. Bring it. Jake, no! Hey. Get your own hiding spot. Jake, you are not to harm the mutants. Those mutants are humans. We need to revert them back to human form. And how are we supposed to do that? Okay, kid, here's the deal. -Yo, a little cramped in here. -According to this journal, Krylock venom gets its power from the Krylock it came from. So if you destroy the Krylock, -everybody goes back to normal. -But, Fu, you said it yourself. Krylocks are impossible to find. Not with a portal spell they're not. -All we're missing is the venom. -Which is in the cupcakes. But we were supposed to use the potion to find Rose. I am sorry, Jake. We have no choice. You're right. Let's get those cupcakes. Now! (YELPS) I got 'em! Huh? The last cupcake. (SCREAMS) (ALL CLAMORING) Here. Have a carrot stick. It's better for you anyway. TRIXIE: That's right, Spud. You the man. Okay, kid, the potion's set. Go for it. Show me the Krylock demon. Huh? Uh, Fu. What's happening? Well, your voice is saying "krylock," but I'm guessing your heart is saying something else. Rose. Jake? (ALL SCREAMING) I'm sorry. All right. It's time to put the "kry" in Krylock. (BOTH GRUNTING) (GRUNTS) -Huh? -Kid, hurry. The portal's closing. I am sorry, little lady. You are drinking this castor oil whether you like it or not. So, do I have to pay extra for that? Wha--what happened, Daddy? I will tell you what happened. I just learned a deep, dark secret about your mother's side of the family. You're all allergic to chocolate. TRIXIE: Yeah! Way to go, kid! Well done, young dragon. Now, about disobeying me. I'm sorry, Gramps. This is all my fault. I was just so obsessed with finding Rose. Do not worry. What matters is... In the end, you didn't do what you wanted. You did what was right. TRIXIE: Come on, y'all. Let's scram. Destined for great things. Indeed. Wooh. Crazy day, huh? I'm just glad everybody seemed to buy the whole "you've just been pranked" story we fed them. You know, kid, you really impressed me back there. You could've chucked everything to be with her, but you didn't. I've been obsessing over Rose for too long now. It's just... It's time for me to let her go. -Is that what your gut tells you? -No. Not really. Then keep looking for her. Just don't let it take over your life. Thanks, Fu for the potion, for everything. Yeah, well, I'm a dog. Loyalty kind of comes with the territory. So you think she feels the same way about you? I know she does... Wherever she is. (GRUNTS) Man, I guess I really messed up today? Don't even sweat it. If you think your krylock cupcakes were a train wreck, check out these less than savory magical recipes. You in the mood for a little unicorn on the cob? How about a slice of blue fairy pie? Or if you're craving breakfast, there's always eggs ogre easy. Did any of those recipes cause anybody to turn into half-evil scorpion mutants? FU: Not so much. Come to think of it, you really did mess up today. JAKE: Thanks for the pep talk. I feel so much better. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 