The Trial: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Trial 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Trial (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES 11 MONTHS EARLIER I'll give you one last chance. Did you kill Angelica Petroni? No, it wasn't me. Is there any real reason why we're still here? Wonderful. ORRICO. VERIFIED. SHE SAW THEM IN THE PARK. You missed your flight and we all wasted our time here. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Andreoli, call the colleagues. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ Sure. ♪ Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ What's going on? Mrs. Monaco, I've discovered additional elements which warrant your preventive detention as a suspect - for Angelica Petroni's murder. - What? - Why? - You will be taken to prison immediately. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ - But what happened? Which elements? - A witness. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ Linda, don't worry. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ I sincerely hope that you're not wrong again. ♪ What do you want from me? ♪ ♪ Why don't you run from me? ♪ ♪ What are you wondering? ♪ ♪ What do you know? ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ Why aren't you scared of me? ♪ ♪ Why do you care for me? ♪ ♪ When we all fall asleep ♪ ♪ Where do we go? ♪ THE TRIAL Aren't you hungry? You should try to eat. You have to be in the courtroom in two hours. It'll be better on an empty stomach than with nausea. What's wrong? Are you still hesitant about Zaia? I don't know if I can trust him. He told the truth. Zaia told the truth. I felt it, when I questioned him. You have to trust yourself. As far as I know, you are one of the best prosecutors I know. It's disgusting, huh? No, I mean... Yes, it's disgusting. But, you know, the plates are beautiful. FEBRUARY 25TH TENTH HEARING Good morning. So you have a new witness. You've decided to ask for his admission. How do you know? Of course, you have your sources. - So, what do you want to do? - You'll find out. I uncovered the truth, Elena. - Linda is innocent. - Oh, yes? Yes. I had a witness ready to say who killed Angelica, but they made her disappear. Then you tell me who did it. Even if I tell you, you wouldn't believe me. Exactly. Elena... I mean I know the whole the truth. GENETIC IDENTIFICATION TEST DNA TEST RESULT DAUGHTER: ANGELICA PETRONI It's better if you don't call Zaia as a witness. Do you want to win the trial with this? Do you really want to ruin your career to convict an innocent? Does the defense want to proceed and call the new witnesses? Yes, Your Honor, good morning. - Regarding… - Your Honor. Is everything all right, Prosecutor Guerra? Yes. Uh... I would like to request the admission of an additional witness. Please, approach. You too, Counselor Barone. This is the record of my interview with Ivan Zaia, who saw with his own eyes Angelica Petroni and Linda Monaco arguing outside Palazzo Te that night. He was Angelica's drug dealer, and I've already checked his alibi. He left on a scooter a minute after Angelica left the room. Your Honor, I have some documents to give to you, too. Prosecutor, are you aware of the contents? And is it true? Yes... Yes. The hearing is adjourned. It is postponed until a later date. The defendant is free to leave the courtroom. Let's stop the live radio broadcast. You do it, registrar. And... judges, jury, please wait for me in the meeting room. I need to speak with Prosecutor Guerra alone. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ Thanks for getting everyone out, I know… Do you know how serious what you did is? ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ I could not hold back. It was unexpected. I only did my duty. You did exactly the opposite. You went against the law. You have disrespected me and the Judiciary. ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ Will you admit Zaia? You no longer have any right to know anything about this trial. You are removed from office, effective immediately. When the press finds out, it will be a disaster. Be prepared for the worst. I didn't mean to disrespect you. Goodbye, Prosecutor Guerra. ALL ARE EQUAL BEFORE THE LAW Elena! Call an ambulance! We're going to the hospital. Go away. Yes, but why did you do it? Why didn't you say anything? It was so absurd. She ended up in front of me like so... How could I tell you? You should have stopped earlier. Too much pain. Too much. It was nice working with you, huh? I liked it. Think about protecting yourself now. Go away for a while. Who will you replace me with? Caputo. It should have been him from the beginning. Fabrizia, this is Stefano. The father. Hi. Good morning... I'll leave you two alone. - Bye. - I'm sorry. Me too. - Goodbye. - Goodbye. - How are you? - Better, thanks. - Is that for me? - Oh, yes. - I stole it from outside. - Really? You were right to call me. What now? Now I have to get out of here... and you're going to help me. Sure. Sure you don't want me to come with you? It's something I have to do alone. All right. Then I'll wait for you here. Yes. Madame Prosecutor. Hello. I hope I'm not disturbing you. No, no, don't worry. Please, come in. Maurizio, Prosecutor Guerra is here. Please, come in. Is there a problem? Uh, yes. I can no longer be involved in the trial. Why? Because I am Angelica's biological mother. What? - Are you kidding us? - No, and I never wanted to. I... I just wanted to make things right. And why didn't you tell us? What happens now? The trial goes on and I will be replaced by a colleague, another prosecutor, and... I wanted you to hear it from me. I'm sorry. I don't care for your apology, understand? I came here to tell you the truth. There is nothing else I can do for you or for me. She was our daughter. Paola, let's go inside. Paola! Why? I thought I could make something right. I was wrong. You look alike, you know? I've always felt it. I couldn't tell why. It's true. When she was born she looked like an angel. Are you staying here? Is it the same? It's the same. You fixed it. There are still a few things to touch up, but... Will you come for a ride, as soon as it's ready? I'll only get in it on solid ground. We'll see. The live broadcast is about to begin. Shall we go? The Assize court is in session. The Honorable Umberto Ventura presiding. I hereby declare Zaia Ivan admitted as an additional witness... - He admitted him! - ...as requested by... - Who? Zaia? - Yes. The prosecution calls Ivan Zaia to testify. MARCH 2ND ELEVENTH HEARING - Mr. Zaia, good morning. - Good morning. Mr. Zaia... What's going on? Mr. Zaia, do you confirm that on the night of March 3rd of last year you were near the crime scene, just outside Palazzo Te? I confirm it. To do what? To sell drugs. Then Angelica called me and told me to leave, which I did. But in your interview with my colleague, you said you saw something before leaving. - While I was leaving, I saw Angelica. - With whom? - With a woman. - Was that woman Linda Monaco? - No, don't ask him like that. - Why? I was far away. I didn't see well, but it seemed like her. - It really looked like her, yes. - Okay. Thanks. No further questions. How can you not have further questions? - You must recover. - Counselor Barone, your turn. So, you've told us that on that night, you were there to sell drugs. Mm-hm. He wants to discredit him, Caputo should object. And has this been going on for a long time? A few years. Well, enough to have already faced two sentences. Your Honor, let me remind the Court that Zaia is here as a witness. The investigations against him have been initiated elsewhere. Get to the point. Sure. As I was saying... I don't doubt that on that night, you saw Angelica with someone. No, not "someone," a woman. What I don't understand is how you can say that person was the defendant. - To be sure, I'd need to have been closer. - So you're not sure. - I'm cautious. - A cautious pusher... - Are you trying to offend me? - No, he's a pusher. He said he's being cautious. He is a cautious pusher. He's tearing him apart and Caputo does nothing. - It looked like Linda Monaco. - "It looked like." "I was far away." Jesus! Why don't you tell him something? I don't know how you can say anything that could be relevant in this trial. Your Honor, I've read the report. I understand why you decided to admit Zaia, but I believe we are clearly seeing the irrelevance of this testimony. Your Honor, far from it, Mr. Zaia spoke of probabilities. - It's my turn, don't interrupt. - Do not interrupt, Prosecutor Caputo. He's getting bored. I actually have no other questions. Thanks, Zaia. Jurors, please... Elena? Elena? Is everything all right? Yes! Good morning, everyone. I'm glad to finally be able to tell my side of the story, - which doesn't correspond in any way... - Wait. Uh... "I'm glad" is a bit too much. Try to make it a little slicker, hm? Finally I can tell my side of the story, which does not correspond in any way to what the prosecution claimed. On the night of March 3rd, - I didn't follow Angelica Petroni. - Try to pause a little bit. Meaning? Make it less perfect, as if you were just remembering now. "On March 3rd... I was at this party. I never left, let alone to follow Angelica Petroni." - A little more conversational. - I should speak like an idiot, is that it? - Just don't let them feel you studied it. - So don't let me study it. All right. Let's take a break. - Do you want some water? - No. Have you decided how to finish it? - I can't. - You can't? Or you don't feel like it? It's hard, we're not even sure it was... Accusing your father is the only way to save yourself. And it's the truth. Fuck, I fended Zaia off, but what he said is still there, and the judges will not forget it altogether. Now it's up to you, Linda. Say you know your father sent Lorenzi to kill Angelica. Explain why... and say that you haven't had the courage to talk... because... he's your father and you didn't want to believe it. But I can't believe it. It's better if you do as I tell you. If you don't want to spend 25 years in prison. Fucking wake up! I'm sorry. I can't accept that you're giving up on defending yourself for him. But I love him, and he loves me. It's not true. - Hey. - Where are you? I needed some air. I can't stay at home. Really? Don't you want to hear what Linda Monaco will say at the hearing? MARCH 6TH TWELFTH HEARING Prosecutor Caputo, you can proceed with questioning the witness. Thank you, Your Honor. Mrs. Monaco, do you want to tell us your side of the story? Good morning, every... one. Sorry. Finally, I can tell my side of the story, too, which does not correspond in any way to what the prosecution claimed. The night of March 3rd, I... The night of March 3rd... I never left the party and I never followed Angelica outside Palazzo Te. Uh... Mrs. Monaco? Madam? Is everything all right? Madam? I lied. What are you doing? I lied about one thing. I was obsessed with Angelica. She took away everything I cared about. During these months, I've tried to feel sorry for her, because in the end, it wasn't only her fault... but I couldn't. I've always hated her. Your Honor, may we take a break? It seems clear to me that Mrs. Monaco is very tried. Mrs. Monaco, do you feel like continuing? - Yes. - Good. Continue. That evening, I talked to Angelica in the toilet at Palazzo Te, but it wasn't me who followed her. I came out of the toilet... and she was there. And I could no longer pretend nothing happened. I had to confront her... but I couldn't say anything... because she told me she was pregnant. I felt like dying. And... after hearing that Angelica was pregnant... what did you do? - How's it going? - She admitted having talked to her. What? I offered her money to leave us alone. She laughed at me. What right did she have to treat me like that... to make me feel so bad? And suddenly, I thought about it. What did you think about? About killing her. But I didn't. And then? And then I told her I would... I told her I'd destroy her life, that I could do it. I wanted her to feel as bad as I did. But she turned... and left. And I felt stupid. Then I went back to my friends... and she was there. We looked at each other, as prosecutor Guerra said. And did your father call you shortly after midnight? I went to the bar to get a drink. I got in line and called him. Eleven minutes... Eleven minutes. What did you do in those 11 minutes? I walked away just to talk to my father. I needed to talk to him... To feel a little love. Sorry. I know that maybe I should've spoken up sooner. I just didn't have the srength. I can't explain. Maybe it was because of prosecutor Guerra. She wanted a culprit from the beginning. First she looked for it in my husband, then in me. She wanted to punish someone, that's it. Then you all started looking at me like I was a monster. You all thought I was the culprit. When I learned that she was Angelica's real mother, I understood the reason for all that hatred towards me and my family. And maybe that's why today, I had the courage to speak, to be honest. I have no further questions. Counselor Barone, go ahead. Mrs. Monaco... Linda. You have given us a lesson in great honesty today. You risked... showing yourself to all today for what you are, a woman who has suffered a lot, and who is still suffering. But, above all, you took the risk... of restating the truth. You may have hated, you may have threatened... but you are not a murderer. Tell me, since you never left Palazzo Te until you left the party, how do you explain that cigarette butt with your DNA that was found in the tanks area? I can't explain it, unless... unless I think someone put it there on purpose. And since it wasn't you that committed the murder, for all these months, you must have wondered who the real culprit was. Of course. - Have you got any ideas? - Counselor, let me understand. Are you trying to push the defendant to give us a name? I just asked her a question. Fine, answer. How should I know? Are you sure? Yes. I have no idea. I'm sorry. I could come to the sailing club with you tomorrow. What do you think? - All right. - It might take my mind off things. THE DILEMMA OF THE PROSECUTOR: MOTHER OF THE VICTIM - Hey. - I don't feel well. - What do you feel? - I don't know. Hm? It must be a little stress. Come here. - You stink. - I know, love, it's fiberglass. Elena? Come, sit down for a moment. - Do you want some water? - No. Yes? All right. See you later. Bye. What happened? I have to go to the office. That was Caputo. There's evidentiary material in my office that he's missing, so... it's up to me to pass it on. That sucks! I don't want to go back there. I can come with you. No, I'll go alone. - Where did they move you? - Mainly to the bar. Big deal. They gave me a little hole of an office downstairs. I don't want to work there. They haven't reassigned it yet? No. How sad. Yeah. Couldn't Caputo be more organized? I'm already tired. All done here. What about this one? - What is it? - This is also about Angelica's murder. Uh... - But it's sealed. - It is sealed. Did we do the whole trial without a box full of evidence? No, it's just... I put it down there and I must have forgotten it, just... Let me see. These are all Linda Monaco's personal belongings. Come on, they're no longer needed now. What? Huh? It's the receipt from the Palazzo Te bar. Three drinks, look at the time. 11:59 p.m. In the middle of the 11 minutes. She was there. She was inside, as she always said. - Fuck. - Elena... No, no. I can't believe it. Her alibi has been here all this time! Andreoli, what the fuck have you done? Elena, listen! You weren't wrong about Linda, she's guilty. The judges are already deciding. Leave it to them. Do you know what we do with this now? We put it in here. We seal this again, as if we never found it. And it will never be found. Hm? I know it's unusual for me to be here. I wouldn't be so sure, since it's you. - Here. - What's this? It's proof that Linda Monaco is innocent. The time on the receipt indicates that she was at the bar in Palazzo Te in those minutes when I thought she was out in the garden killing Angelica. - But why was it not recorded? - It was an oversight. I swear, I only discovered it now. I could've pretended nothing had happened, but... I can't do it. You're asking me to act like you. - Hello? - Hi, it's the medical laboratory. - Are you Ms. Guerra? - Yes. We heard your message on our answering machine, the one about the blood tests from a few days ago. Oh, yes, tell me. The results are ready. If you want, I can tell you now over the phone. All right. But is there something wrong? No, no, there's nothing to worry about. However, the exams show a pregnancy in progress. Wha... Ma'am, are you still there? ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing ♪ ♪ Keep breathing, keep breathing Keep breath... ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 