The Trial: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Trial 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Trial (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES You were running away to Brazil. I wasn't running away. Mrs. Monaco founded an initiative to help orphaned children in Brazil. It's called "Nova Vida." You leave the day after your husband's funeral? Yes. I needed to leave. To feel useful. You cannot smoke here. And you cannot lie. - I didn't lie. - No? And the things you told me last time? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ms. Guerra, it's late. I would like to understand why you kept my client here in this way, so if you don't mind, please try to get to the point. Where were you, and what did you do the night Angelica Petroni was killed? ♪ What do you want from me? ♪ ♪ Why don't you run from me? ♪ ♪ What are you wondering? ♪ ♪ What do you know? ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ Why aren't you scared of me? ♪ ♪ Why do you care for me? ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ When we all fall asleep ♪ ♪ Where do we go? ♪ THE TRIAL DECEMBER 18TH NINE MONTHS LATER - Good morning, Nicola. - Good morning. Thank you. Hi. - How's it going? - It's going. Wear these tomorrow. The size should be right. It disgusts me. It looks like it belongs to my maid. I wanted my lucky ones. They seized them when were sent here. You'll get them when you leave. Linda, this is not good. We start tomorrow. You can't go to the hearing with that face. You must appear calm, serene... ready to face judgment. Great, thanks. Great? But how can I stay calm when, in nine months, you failed to get me put under house arrest? I've tried, but it's difficult. In murder trials, they almost never grant it. I read the newspapers. I see the TV programs, the reenactments. They have already decided. I am the monster, this is the truth. No, Linda, the truth does not exist. It is a fake thing that is built in the courtroom, and it can get you out of here or make you stay. I even brought you a surprise. You must be ready. Up till today, we've been rehearsing. Now it's showtime. - Am I disturbing you? - What are you doing here? I came to wish you good luck. PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES FOR LINDA MONACO INVESTIGATION REVEALS NEW EVIDENCE Did she kill her? Without any doubt? I always had them when I was a prosecutor. On the eve of each trial, I said goodnight to your mother, then I locked myself in the study and reviewed the whole case file. Aah. The list of witnesses. Each of them is like the chapter of a book, our story for the judges. And to convince them that it's true... You must arrange the chapters in the right order. Huh. Praying to God that no one changes their version. And that when it's the defense's turn, they don't come up with a better story than yours. I used to stay up the whole night. The trial is circumstantial, but the charge is solid. I have good witnesses, material evidence. I have the motive. I'm happy to see you confident. This trial is essential for you. They all are, you taught me that. Oh, no, this one must be more important than the others if you threw away a marriage to keep it. Is there no way to set things right? No. Giovanni is gone. - When did you last hear from him? - No, Dad, please. I'll walk you out. Ah, that's still here, though. "Do you know the land where the oranges bloom?" Which, however, were lemons? Bye. Look, I will support the truth and innocence of my client, contrary to everything that has already been written and said by journalists as if a sentence had already been given. Counselor Barone, one last question, please. So you are deeply convinced of Linda Monaco's innocence? Absolutely, yes. Does the prosecution have conclusive evidence? According to the documents that have been presented, there is nothing to worry about, so we will deal with the case with... You can do something... She died during the night of March 3rd... She looked like an angel as a baby. ...pity also has its laws. She wanted to meet you. She would have come to you. You would need to have seen her to understand, to feel how important it was to her to know who her parents were. If you had looked her in the eyes... you would have understood that pity also has its laws. You can do something. Find out who the animal that killed her is and jail him for life. All rise. The criminal court is in session. Judge Umberto Ventura presiding. DECEMBER 19TH FIRST HEARING Good morning, everyone. We must just convince them you didn't do it. Prosecutor Guerra, Counselors Arrigoni and Barone. You know I don't let things drag on. I like things that go straight to the point, and so I hope you will follow me on this path. Thus spoke the monarch. - Okay... - Ventura hates divas, remember that. ...have been filed within the designated time frame. Prosecutor's office and defense team, you know everything. We know nothing, so explain to us a little about what happened. Prosecutor Guerra, proceed with your introductory report. Thank you, Judge. A young victim. A beautiful young girl... and a defendant with an important surname. Elements that have aroused great, even morbid, curiosity. There has been much talk around this trial. But actually, we don't need so many words. This is a crime motivated by hatred and revenge. Terrible feelings, but not so blinding as to prevent the accused from acting with premeditation. The prosecutor's office will demonstrate how Linda Monaco coldly decided to kill Angelica Petroni, aware that she was also taking another life, that of the child that Angelica was carrying. Angelica had a big heart. A heart that was still naive, which led her to get caught up in a dirty game, one from which, however, she desperately wanted to free herself... before Linda Monaco prevented her, in the most terrible way, from coming out of the darkness and returning to the light. She butchered her. Without hesitating... and without showing a shred of remorse after. Thank you, I'm done. Counselor Barone, it's your turn. Judge... I'll follow your advice and go straight to the point. Angelica Petroni died... the night of March 3rd this year. The end. The end. There's nothing else. The end of a life... but also the end of certainties. Because this death is the only certain fact here. The only one. For the rest, we have only one abysmal series of shortcomings. Although the prosecution has dredged the canals far and wide, there is no murder weapon. And the location and time of death are just theories by Prosecutor Guerra, who, after having already committed a tragic mistake, blaming an innocent who then took his own life, instead of moderating her executioner's fury, has arbitrarily decided to have found another culprit, investigating only in one way, blinkered by prejudice, and neglecting the fact that the victim had a life full of secrets, and that it could be someone else who killed her, and not Linda Monaco, who declares herself innocent with sincerity and strength. I will fight to guarantee the acquittal she deserves and to return the castle of accusations to its original form... a pile of sand. Inspector Savini, you are the forensic technician who analyzed these photos. Why don't you explain to the court what these images are? Yes. The victim, Angelica Petroni, was working as a hostess at a party at Palazzo Te, on the evening of March 3rd. The flying squad identified the 171 guests present at the party. And from their mobile phones, and from the camera belonging to the official photographer at the event, 678 photos were taken What is the first relevant data that emerges? The presence of both the victim and the defendant at the site. Here we see Angelica Petroni together with a fellow hostess, Silvia Orrico. Linda Monaco was in the company of two friends, Anna Manfredi and Lavinia Belei. The time stamp is almost the same, with a difference of 33 seconds. It's 11:53 p.m. These two photos, instead, were taken a minute later by two other cell phones, and the diagram shows the position of the victim and the defendant. The vectors represent the direction of their gazes, reconstructed from an analysis of their faces. Look. That exchange of looks... is the beginning of the end. Judge, she cannot comment on the evidence brought by the witness. He's right. Angelica Petroni left, as if she could not maintain eye contact with her lover's wife. That's speculation. Go ahead, madame prosecutor. Inspector, did Angelica have any personal effects with her? Her colleagues talk about a backpack she always wore during these evenings. - And has this backpack been found? - No, nowhere. Is it therefore plausible to think that Angelica left the building planning not to come back? And that whoever killed her made her backpack disappear with her personal effects inside, her cell phone, her wallet? Yes, more than plausible. After 18 seconds at the latest, we see that the defendant left the sofa she was sitting on, and 11 minutes later, Mrs. Monaco had returned to her friends. 11:54 p.m., five past midnight. Eleven minutes. More than enough time to carry out a murder in the garden of Palazzo Te. In these photos, you can see one of the two tanks, or fish pools, in the garden of Palazzo Te, an area that was closed to the public on that day and intended only for staff and catering. Tanks whose waters flow out through those ducts you see here, flow under the whole of Mantua and end up in the Mincio. Inspector, did the forensic team find traces of the victim outside the building? A strip of her dress entangled in the blades of the purifier there. We can therefore say that it is very likely that Angelica was thrown into the water there, in one of the two tanks of Palazzo Te. Yes, and another clue to the fact that the victim never left the confines of the park, after she left the party, is her scooter, which remained parked there. Thank you, inspector. I'm done. You can proceed with the cross-examination, counselor. Good show, eh. Very effective. "The exchange of looks," "the beginning of the end." Are you questioning the prosecutor? Aren't you afraid that Inspector Savini will feel neglected? No, for heaven's sake. Here I am. Can you tell me how accurately it was possible to determine - the direction of the looks? - With an accuracy of 94%. So maybe the defendant and the victim looked at each other. It's not sure. It is at 94%. But it's not sure. With numerous guests standing in the way, like a barrier, let's say. From the photos shown, it is not possible to deduce that. Or the opposite, either. We do not know if, indeed, the view was clear. However, let's assume that there had been that look. One knew that this was her lover's wife. The other knew that this was her husband's lover. It would have been strange not to look at each other. What do you think? The inspector cannot testify about the intentions of victim and defendant. Of course he can't, but you can? Are there any images showing Linda Monaco going out? - No. - No, they don't exist. I will be good and I will not contest Ms. Guerra's deductions about Angelica Petroni being killed outside the palace and thrown into one of the tanks, as she says. But as for the rest, "11 minutes," Ms. Guerra says. The murder was committed in those 11 minutes. But why? I do not understand the question. The autopsy talks about a death that occurred during a six-hour period. Angelica Petroni may have been killed at one minute past midnight at half past midnight, or at one, or at any time you want, before six in the morning. Yes, as already explained, it is unlikely that the victim left the confines of the park after leaving the party. All right. But who killed her? Who got to Angelica Petroni outside the party? This is the question. And unfortunately, I don't know the answer, but the prosecution only pretends to know it. And if I also pretended to agree with those 11 minutes as the time of the murder, the problem remains. Because those famous 11 minutes represent the failure I mentioned earlier. Eleven minutes of black hole. Of complete ignorance of the events. Of emptiness. And there is not one single piece of evidence to fill it. I've finished. Mr. Colombo, you live in Viale Isonzo, near Palazzo Te, right? At number 44. Second floor. When you were questioned last April 2nd, you stated that you heard something on the evening of March 3rd. Do you want to tell us what? - Come here, bitch. - What the fuck do you want? Then I crossed the street and went home. - Come on, let's go. - Do you remember what time it was? I always get back from my walk at midnight. - I'm a man of habit. - Let's go back to the voices. Could you describe them better? If they were of old or young women? She's suggesting the answer. - I'm trying to make myself understood. - By suggesting the answer. Mr. Colombo, answer. One was young, and the other was older. - Wonderful. An ear witness. - Stop interrupting, Counselor Barone. One was younger, the other more adult. - I'll tear him apart. - Done. Counselor Barone, it's your turn. Mr. Colombo, excuse me for asking, but how old are you? I turn 84 in January. Aquarius? - What? - No, no, nothing. I thought we had one thing in common. And, excuse me, with all due respect, do you have any health problems? Well, when it rains, a little arthritis. And don't you see the glasses I wear? - Come here, bitch. - What do you want? What do you want? When you heard the quarrel, did you also see the two women? - No. - Perhaps because it was dark and your sight is no longer what it was? Or maybe because the two women were not the victim and the defendant, but who knows who? Other than that... how is your hearing, is it good? - I'm like a hunting dog. - Ah! So much so as to be able to distinguish two voices from 100 meters away and attribute ages to two invisible women and retain the memory for a month, when the police finally identified you as a witness? "I'll tear him apart." Sorry? You told your colleague before. I hear you, you know. Is that true, counselor? Should we ask Counselor Arrigoni to confirm? Counselor, give your colleague a helping hand out of the impasse. Does Mr. Colombo really have hearing like a hunting dog? He said that sentence. Word for word? - Yes. - Congratulations. Maybe we filled it a little, that emptiness. The hearing resumes at 2:30 p.m. in the afternoon. Lunch break. What? Was I supposed to lie? Silvia, what was your relationship with Angelica? I was her best friend, and only friend, I think. - Hello. - Hi. - How are you? - I'm fine. Let's go. And did she tell you about having a relationship with Claudio Cavalleri? Mm-hm. - Yes, and when Angelica saw Linda... - Mm. No, wait, I'll ask you that. When Angelica Petroni saw Linda Monaco, what happened? I saw that Angelica was worried. She left her post and went to the back, - which is closed to the public, here. - Mm-hm. Last question. Silvia... "What did you do then?" At first I called her, but she didn't answer. Then, after a while, I went looking for her. But I couldn't find her, so I went right here and... - and I looked out through the colonnade... - Listen... If we could maybe avoid sticking the fork in the... No, I mean, you know. I spent a month - building this 1:125 scale jewel... - Why don't you go for a smoke, Andreoli? - Yes. - Mm. But let's avoid using it as a canteen table, that's all. I also brought you some pastries. Thank you. We are done. Good job. When is it my turn? - In January. At the next hearing. - Mm. - What are you doing for the holidays? - Going to my parents'. - All right, bye. - Bye. - Bye. - Bye. - How cute. The documents you asked for. - Thank you. You're fond of her. I know you went to visit her sometimes. Well, she's alone here. I remember very well what it's like when you study far from home. - Well, it's fun. - Without reference points. - Furlan wants to see you. With De Luca. - Okay, thanks. How do we deal with Massimo Lorenzi? He's the witness we missed. Linda Monaco called her father at two minutes past midnight on the night of the murder. Immediately afterwards, Gabriele Monaco called Massimo Lorenzi, his head of security, who has a criminal record for extortion and assault. Why? Your theory is that he sent him there to check, right? See if Linda had left any traces? It makes sense, doesn't it? If we find Lorenzi, we close the circle. He might know all about the murder. And there is also that shortfall in the accounts of Monaco's holding company. Sure, okay, but he reported it regularly. But it is the perfect cover to pay for such a delicate service. The withdrawal was made on March 4th, the day after the crime. Well, then it's too bad you haven't found Lorenzi yet. Another fact to support the theory. He disappeared on March 4th. He's probably abroad. We need to be more patient. You know what I think of investigations during trials. This one is too expensive. Both to us and to you police. We started wire-tapping the ex-wife, his son and his friends 36 weeks ago. - Let's make it 40. Round figure. - Ugh. - Another month. - Don't even think about it. Two weeks. Not a day more. Tell her about the 327, lift her spirits, What are you talking about? Picture 327, for the testimony of Silvia Orrico. And now let's dismantle Linda's alibi with her friends, Anna Manfredi and Lavinia Belei. Yes, Linda got up from the couch, but only to go and get a drink at the bar nearby. I never lost sight of her. Mrs. Manfredi, did you never lose sight of her either? No. Let's go back to March 15th, when I questioned you at the police station. You stayed in the waiting room for a while, remember? How long is she making us wait? I can't take it anymore. Keep calm. We just have to say that Linda never went out. Got it? And what would this prove? Ladies, your testimony - has been agreed upon, hasn't it? - No! Judge, I only see two women who are not accustomed to being witnesses, who are preparing to tell the truth and whom she made nervous, leaving them there for hours. - Counselor... - No, I'm sorry. It's her vision. It's obvious. To me, they simply seem like two friends who support each other in a difficult situation. You lied to help your friend who had just been arrested. Because without your lie, her alibi vanishes. Who knows? Maybe someone had already informed you of how important this testimony was. Come on, this is a bogus claim! - Judge, there is nothing there... - Counselor, spare us your stonewalling. Mrs. Manfredi, you lied in March, and you're still lying! Your Honor, I can't allow it! Mrs. Manfredi... - you have two children, right? - Yes. - But what does that have to do with it? - Counselor. - Ruggero. Enough. - Enough, nothing. - How old are they? - Stella is two, and Paolo is six. An unlucky coincidence. The penalty for perjury ranges from two to six years. But what would you tell your children? I didn't see you go to the bar. - You disappeared. - What are you saying? I can't keep lying for her. Your Honor, it is clear that the witness is under pressure. Go ahead, Mrs. Manfredi. Linda got up and came back ten minutes later. - You got the drinks for all three of us. - But it's not true! How did Mrs. Monaco seem when she came back to you? She was... She looked upset. - What a fake... You're a liar! - Linda, keep calm, sit down. - Why are you lying? What have I done? - Silence! Mrs. Monaco, calm down. - Prosecutor, have you finished your exam? - Yes. Counselor Barone, I'm postponing the cross-examination of the witnesses. No, but why, Judge? I understand you don't want the counselor to prepare for it, but we don't have the calmness we need to proceed. The hearing is adjourned. The hearing will resume next year, on January 8th at 9:30 a.m. Happy holidays to you all. We got hurt. The outcome of the hearing was disastrous. Thank you, Ottavio. This enthusiasm of yours was just what I needed. Vittorio. Hey. Tell me some good news. Do we have anything on Anna Manfredi? Something I can use for the cross-examination that, thanks to the God I don't believe in, has been postponed? She ran a small fashion boutique with her husband. Mm. But six months ago, they closed because it wasn't going well. Model wife and mother. You said they would both hold up. - So now it's my fault? - It's not mine. - Counselor? - Don't interrupt. We're arguing. Guys, give me something, I'm on the front line. It's you who wanted it. - Ruggero... - I see that harmony reigns here. Just you. In your office. Mara, would you assess the situation, please? So, at the trial, you started like those cars that crash at the first corner in the Grand Prix. Don't look at me like that. In the introductory report, you chose to attack the prosecutor who then won on every level. - And you are? - You antagonized Ventura, and we know very well how much the power of the Chief Judge counts. And then, to make matters worse, Linda's alibi, already very, very fragile, has totally collapsed. Now, to answer your question, my name is Mara Raimondi. I'm a lawyer too, and I manage the legal department of Dr. Monaco's holding company. I'm listening. - I'm trying to demolish the accusation. - Then play in defense. Look, I know that the best way to prove that Linda is innocent would be to prove that the killer is someone else. In fact, I've been working for months with my investigator, Vittorio De Grandis. We've examined the clients of the escorts, all of whom have bargained, and don't want to talk to us. And unfortunately, so far we have found no basis to think that someone else is guilty. But I still think this is the right way. Meanwhile, as long as we can't build, we must destroy. I give work to many people. We are benefactors, Linda and I. They should love us in this city. But since that girl died, I felt the air around us change. It stinks of envy. People couldn't wait to see us go down. And now I hear nothing but excuses from you. - I'm doing my best. - Your best? No... It's not enough. Do you know why I chose you? When there are many others who are older, more experienced? Because this trial is your chance of a lifetime. But you're already blowing it. I will recover. I hope so. Because from now on, Mara will be next to you. I don't need a caregiver. You need to start winning. Otherwise, in your place, I'll put someone else that will. ♪ Dashin' through the snow ♪ ♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪ ♪ Through the fields we go ♪ ♪ Laughin' all the way... ♪ Did you know that your daughter was working as a prostitute? Angelica would never have done those things. She was a good girl. ♪ Sleighing song tonight ♪ ♪ Jingle bells, jingle bells ♪ ♪ Jingle all the way... ♪ Once, I invited Angelica to sleep at my house, and she forgot her pajamas. - She was like this. - "Like this," how? She was smart, she understood everything before others. but then maybe she'd forget the simplest things. ♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride ♪ - ♪ In a one-horse... ♪ - What are you thinking? About what she used to say to me. That she had this emptiness inside. Some days she wouldn't feel it, but... but actually, it was always there. - ♪ In a one-horse open sleigh - ♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell ♪ ♪ And to walk away again ♪ ♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell ♪ ♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride ♪ ♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell ♪ ♪ And to walk away again ♪ ♪ Dashin' through the... ♪ Aah! ♪ Neigh ♪ ♪ Neigh ♪ ARE YOU AWAKE? LIKE YOU. HOW ARE YOU? ♪ Jingle bell... ♪ I'M NOT. ♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell ♪ ♪ Jingle all the way ♪ - Where have you been? - Working for you. Don't you have something to tell me? - Me? - Mm-hm. - Never lose your temper again in court. - What was I supposed to do? Keep quiet? Yes, you had to keep quiet. We already knew that that video could lead to an equivocal interpretation. And I could only argue about the nervousness. But, Linda, you've got to listen to me more. How was it? "I'll tear him apart." Yes. Fine. We're even. They've beaten us. - I need you to help me. - How? I told you everything. It was the prosecutor that led Anna where she wanted. So she lied? Of course. Don't you believe me? All right. If she lied, she must have had a reason. Tell me about her. JANUARY 8TH SECOND HEARING Mrs. Manfredi... I chose to conduct the cross-examination only with you, since only you contradicted the statements made during the investigation. Can I ask you why you changed your version? Linda is a good friend, and I wanted to help her. But a girl died. I didn't want to lie anymore. It's never too late for the truth, - but it's better to say it right away, no? - Yes. And for this I apologize... to you all. Let's hope that this time you will be sincere from the start. Did you ask Linda Monaco for a large loan? - Yes. - In February, right? - Yes. - And? And Linda told me she had to think about it. Then she was arrested and after you released the testimony with Ms. Guerra, - you went to visit her in prison. - Yes. And you asked her for money again. Answer, Mrs. Manfredi. Yes, but... "Yes, but" what? Linda obviously told you that it was no longer possible. - Yes. - And you, after this failure to get a loan, have filed for bankruptcy. Is that so? I have a copy of the document here. Well... yes. I declared bankruptcy. And you didn't take it well at all. - I was disappointed. - "Disappointed." You left the meeting without even saying goodbye, did you? - I don't remember. - You don't remember. Let me tell you about me for a moment. I am not from here. I was born in Via Chiaia, Naples, but I've lived here for a long time. I know the city. In fact, I had the illusion of knowing it. Counselor, I don't want to belittle your biography and your thoughts, but what's your point? The fact that the environment around Linda Monaco is hostile. Full of envy, of hypocrisy. The hypocrisy that has driven you too, madam. You didn't worry about your friend in prison, but about your company at risk of bankruptcy. Linda believed you were one of her best friends, do you realize that? No wonder she lost control last time. She was so convinced of your friendship that she didn't even think of telling me, her defender, of this event, of the loan she refused. For the person she is... Linda Monaco had not even imagined that this would affect your behavior. But I told the truth. - Linda left the party... - But what truth are you talking about? First you say one thing, then another... The only truth here is that you had good reason to recant your testimony. I'm done. The hearing is adjourned to January 11th. I guess you didn't understand how this works. You can't cut me out of your strategy, okay? Whatever you decide to do in the courtroom, you tell me first. Really? I was expecting applause. A witness destroyed by Guerra, re-destroyed by me, - and no praise whatsoever? - You must inform me about everything! I'm sorry to have bothered you so late, but Lorenzi called his son. Play it. - Hello? - Marco? It's me. Where the fuck are you? I can't tell you, and I can't stay long on the phone. I just wanted to say happy New Year. Happy New Year? You are a bastard. Do you realize what you did? - Please... - You say you're clean, you beg to start seeing me again, then you disappear for nine months. You know what? Fuck off. - Where did he call him from? - From a hotel in Cape Verde. We immediately asked for the collaboration of local law enforcement, but he's already disappeared from the hotel. He can't have gone too far. Let's warn Interpol. Hey, hi. I heard the trial on the radio. What are you doing? I'm going home. All right, okay. We text each other, we send each other voice messages... What if we meet? Hey, beautiful. How are you? Giovanni? Andreoli. What's up? Silvia Orrico called. She said someone approached her outside her house. Send patrol cars. Tell her I'm on my way. Right away. - Good evening, madame. - Good evening. - Hi. - Hi. Come in. - How are you? - Fine. Please, come this way. So they threatened you? How? I was going out to go dancing, and this guy came out of nowhere. He said I better not say anything tomorrow. What did he look like? Mm... I don't know. He had a wool cap and a scarf. I didn't see his face. Anyway, the police are out there, and they'll stay there all night, so nothing will happen to you, I promise. Okay. Thank you for coming. - Have you had dinner? - No. - Pizza? - Why not? - I'll call them right now. - Okay. Good evening, I wanted to order two pizzas. Okay. PETRONI MURDER: LINDA MONACO UNDER ARREST It's for Silvia. - What sort would you like? - Uh... - Margherita, thanks. - Okay. Yes, two margheritas. Okay. Thank you. BEST FRIENDS See you later, thanks. - Can I ask you something? - Mm-hm. Are you always like this with witnesses? What do you mean, "like this"? We must have seen each other, like, 20 times. You've asked me a million questions. You're not just any witness. - Come on, put it away. - I can hear you just fine, you know. Was she in love? With Claudio, I mean. She thought so. Then she realized he was a bastard. Do you think it was he who... forced her into prostitution? I don't know. But it is likely. Silvia, let's talk about you and Angelica. JANUARY 11TH THIRD HEARING How did you two meet? We worked for the same agency as hostesses for events. I was her best friend. We talked every day. - Keep calm. - I'm trying. Did Angelica ever tell you about the escort ring? No. Angelica never talked to me about that. Perhaps she was ashamed. - That sounded like a prepared sentence. - Counselor. It is not prepared. I think Angelica never asked me to be an escort so she could stay my friend. That's how I explained it to myself. Judge, I understand the need to rehabilitate the victim, - but let's stay on the facts. - This time you're right. Silvia, on the night of March 3rd, did you work with Angelica at Palazzo Te? Yes. So you were there with her. Do you remember how it went? I knew about the affair with Claudio Cavalleri. Angelica got worried when she saw his wife, Linda Monaco. - So she left. She was afraid. - Judge, excuse me, but what is Miss Orrico? Is she telepathic? Was it Petroni who told you that she was afraid, or is it another nice detail of your tall story? Don't insult the witness! She's giving facts, not stories. No, this is not a fact. This is a supposition, and you speak my language. Silvia, what did you do after Angelica Petroni left her post? At first I tried to call her, but she didn't turn around. Then I went out back too, but I lost her, so I continued towards the entrance of the building, and there I turned back towards the tanks. And then I saw her. - Judge. Will you allow me... Can I... - Go ahead. I would like to point out just one thing. We don't have the image in front of us. but between the entrance and the tanks, there's a certain distance. Visibility at night is very low. Now, if prosecutor Guerra wants to prove otherwise, she is misleading the court. No, I'm not misleading anyone. And to confirm what Silvia Orrico is saying, I'll show you a nocturnal image taken from the exact same position indicated by Silvia. This is one of the 678 photos collected, taken by a guest at the entrance to the colonnade, at 11:56 p.m., in the midst of those notorious 11 minutes that, according to Counselor Barone, are empty. Whereas I think they are becoming very full. Where the fuck did this photo come from? Prosecutor Guerra, this photo has not been filed. Of course it was filed, along with all the others, marked with the number 327. Perhaps you missed its relevance because you did not use the zoom. Dark and similar to the sheath dress worn by Angelica that night, and the dress worn by the defendant. The relationship between heights coincides with that between Angelica Petroni and Linda Monaco. Silvia... questioned by the police on the night of March 14th, and then by me on the morning of the 15th, claimed to have seen something. Actually, someone else besides Angelica. Do you want to tell us who? We already know the testimony, it could be anybody, not... Counselor, you will have time for cross-examination. Silvia, you may answer. Is there something wrong? I'm sorry. I can't keep it in anymore. It's me... the one in the photograph with Angelica. I killed her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 