The Trial: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Trial 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Trial (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES 10 MONTHS EARLIER - How long do you want to keep her here? - As long as it takes. It's useless pretending. You have nothing in those papers. I'll take one too. It's better to stay awake. - No sugar, huh? - No. No. Of course not. I used to smoke during breaks. Quitting was the hardest thing I ever did. I couldn't concentrate for more than five minutes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I know, it's hard. It's bad for the clients. But then the head started working again, fortunately. - Do you know what it's telling me now? - No, what? Linda didn't tell you the whole truth in her first statement. She knew of her husband's betrayal and had the victim followed. This is what you have against her. It's not much, yet you have already decided. Can I ask you something? Is it always like this, or is it this murder that pissed you off? I still have to figure this out. Hurry back in. - Hello? - Prosecutor, it's De Luca. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A girl just showed up. She says she was Petroni's friend and saw her in the park of Palazzo Te - with Linda Monaco. - What's the name of this girl? Orrico. Silvia Orrico. Check everything, and do it quickly. I can't hold out much longer here. ♪ What do you want from me? ♪ ♪ Why don't you run from me? ♪ ♪ What are you wondering? ♪ ♪ What do you know? ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ Why aren't you scared of me? ♪ ♪ Why do you care for me? ♪ ♪ When we all fall asleep ♪ ♪ Where do we go? ♪ THE TRIAL Do you remember what they were saying? Oh, yes, the more mature voice said to the other, "Come here, bitch." And the other answered, "What do you want?" - Anything else? - No, there was... there was a van coming out, a scooter that made an infernal noise, so I didn't hear anything after that. I asked him not to repeat that detail of the scooter at the trial, but Colombo's testimony was too important to risk confusing the court with details that had nothing to do with it. But it is true, they were irrelevant details. Not anymore. The scooter. The ringtone. Tomei said the exact same thing. And Colombo's memory works well. The van that came out of the parking lot must have been Tomei's, and a man in the park, on a scooter, answered the call and called Angelica by name. I have to restart from this. Do you think he's the killer? - I don't know, but I have to find out. - Why? I'm afraid I got it all wrong right from the start. Elena, would you have had all these doubts in another case? Ask yourself this. Are you telling me I shouldn't care? I want to know too, what do you think? I want to know who killed Angelica. She was my granddaughter. Then... I might need your help. What can I do? Absurd. Do you know how big the cell phone area for the Palazzo Te is? - Checking all incoming calls is crazy. - It's a short period of time. Just check from ten to midnight to ten past midnight. That's the time of the crime, with a fair margin. - Yeah, 20 minutes. - Don't you trust my reconstruction? It's not about trust. I want to know why you need to find that phone. You never ask me why. You never ordered an investigation that could damage you. It'd be suicide for both of us. Oh, I heard you have a good chance of being promoted. - How do you know? - Word travels fast. - Yes, I could, but it still isn't certain. - It could be. What do you mean? If a very influential magistrate would put in a good word... - Who, your father? - Mm. If I don't cooperate, what will you do? - Call the boss and have me removed? - I'd never do that. I limit myself to incentives. No threats. Well, then answer me. Why? Barone cares about getting an acquittal and I care about the truth. Do it as fast as you can. - You have problems as a kid? - Why? You're always sucking lollipops. - Is it him? - Yes. It's a partial DNA sample, analyzed last year for the police forensics lab. You didn't take a random DNA, did you? It's Angelica Petroni's. - You could put a bow on it, you know... - It's not a gift. No, you're right. You can count it. - Done? - Done. - I'll take it to the lab. - Let's go together, I have to go back. - I'll drive, come on. - What? - I'll drive. - Are you stupid? Piss off, go. - Come on, let me drive it. - What are you on about? Drive your Beetle. - Good morning. - Good morning. Sorry I'm late. - Hi. - Everything okay? - Yes. - Good, can we start? So, the first point to establish is whether this is a consensual separation, but it seems to me that both parties are in agreement on this. Elena? Better? Yes. Don't worry, I'm fine. Mm-hm. Do you have panic attacks now? Yeah. It's the novelty of the moment. A bit of accumulated stress. A little, just a tiny bit, huh? The first time I had an attack, the day you left... I thought I was having a heart attack. A guy that I had sentenced to life three years ago came to mind. I remembered his face. He was desperate. And... that's exactly how I feel, as if... As if there's never an end... and I'm doomed to be sick inside a cage forever. But this time you condemned yourself. I shouldn't tell you, but since I am an extraordinary man and you will always regret having lost me... ...I'll tell you. Sometimes pain binds people much more than love does. And if there is a person who can really help you right now... I think it's him. I'm afraid our contestant won't be able to enter his house. My dear audience, don't forget... Hey. You didn't want to answer, did you? I was in the shower. - Ah. - Can't you sleep? Is it a mistake to call you? I... I don't know. Anyway, I'm glad you did. You never told me more about her, about the time you met. I think about it every day. When she was about to leave, she put her headphones on. I told her she shouldn't keep them under her helmet, that it could be dangerous. Then I thought, "This is something a pain-in-the-ass father would say." And immediately afterwards, I remembered that I actually was her father. It's strange how the head works. I had been with her for almost an hour and was still avoiding thinking about it. We've avoided it for 18 years. And how did she reply? She told me to piss off. Then she said that listening to music while walking or riding her scooter was something she could not give up. She needed it as stress relief. She had a whole theory about it. Then I apologized. "But don't keep the volume too high." Then she left. Have you visited her? No. I couldn't stand it. I still can't. Sometimes I feel that I have no right to do it. As soon as I saw her, I thought she was beautiful. Keep talking. Talk to me until I fall asleep. She had those incredible eyes... that dig into your soul... - Andreoli. - Good morning, madame. Everything okay? What happened? De Luca has a suspect in custody, and you should go and question him. All right. 27 cell phones received calls within the time frame. I was expecting a couple of weeks of research, then luckily one thing came to mind, because one of these was a cloned number - and a name could not be matched. - And the number that called it? Also cloned, off-grid and can't be found. But the first one, that received the call, was active today, so we located it and I had the holder taken into custody. He also owns a dark scooter. - As Tomei said during the hearing. - Yes. He received the call at 11:54 p.m., for 58 seconds, on March 3rd of last year. - Who is he? - Ivan Zaia. Two convictions for drug dealing. We found him with ten grams of coke. You could leverage that. He's waiting for you. It could have been him. Mr. Zaia, I am Elena Guerra, deputy prosecutor. I won't say a word without my lawyer, so make yourself comfortable. Come in. Ruggero, I'm going out for lunch, but there is someone here who would like to say hi. Ruggero, I hope I'm not disturbing you. - No, it's a pleasure. How are you? - Great. - Today is our anniversary. - Congratulations! - I mean, I don't know what they say... - Congratulations is okay! When are you coming over to dinner with your girlfriend? A girlfriend? No, I'm afraid it will never happen. Let's say women want to be with me for the same reasons they leave me after a week, but that's okay. Love, could you wait for me in the car? I'll be right there. - Bye, Ruggero. - Bye, Mariele. Tomorrow, I'm giving a speech to the Lawyers' Association. - Ugh... - I know you avoid these meetings like the plague, but I'd like for you to come. I imagine you've prepared a monologue of high moral value. You bet. Get back to work. - The trial is not over yet. - Yes. If we win this case, it'll be a boon for the firm and it will be mostly thanks to you. Then you'll finally have the status to start a firm with only your name on the door. Isn't that what we all want? I'll think about it when the time's right. Sure, after you win. Do you know that, for a moment, I thought I had with Tomei? Instead, while poor Petroni was killed, he was spying and blackmailing from the trailer. It's bleak, the depths people can reach. At least he was helpful. Now we need to know who the man who received the call outside Palazzo Te is. What phone call? At 11:54 p.m. of March 3rd last year. - Who called you? - How could he remember? You were in the same cell reception area as Palazzo Te, and you have a dark scooter... ...as indicated by a witness. Are you trying to pin a murder on me? For a phone call! Ten months ago. No, there is also today's cocaine. - I'm not fucking involved with murder. - Really? - Really. - Where were you that night? Who did you talk to by phone? I could charge you for cocaine possession or possession for the purpose of dealing. I don't know if you know the difference. In the first case, you'll be investigated but free. In the second, you'll face weeks or even months of prison, waiting for a conviction, which will arrive, and then there'll be more prison. Do you really want to go back there? Don't you put me in the frame for a murder. I don't want to mess up my situation by telling you things. And I'll tell you the truth. Which things? - What are you talking about? - Be quiet. Do we have an agreement? I don't make things up, but I have to know I can trust you. Otherwise I'll go to jail, stay there for a while, I'll get out after some time... and you can win the trial against Linda Monaco by yourself. How could you help me with the trial? I was on the phone with Angelica. I should have met her that night. - Why did you talk to Angelica? - Because she was a customer. What did you talk about? - Hello? - Ivan? Angelica, where the fuck are you? I don't want that shit anymore. Go away. - Are you kidding me? - You heard me, get lost! - Nothing else? - No. Did Angelica always call you from that number? - Yes. - It's a number we didn't know of. The killer must have made it disappear. I get where you're going with this, but it wasn't me. Weren't you angry at Angelica for dismissing you? Yes, I was angry, but I was busy, so I left. - But not before I saw something. - What did you see? - Ivan? - Angelica, where the fuck are you? I don't want that shit anymore. Go away. - Are you kidding me? - You heard me, get lost! - A woman got to her near the tanks. - Who was it? Linda Monaco? Angelica. - I didn't see her face. - Angelica! But she looked familiar, when I saw a picture in the newspaper. Oh, good. You see? Mr. Zaia can help you. - Or he can help himself. - I told you the truth. I had no reason to kill Angelica. Some customers treat me like shit. Angelica, stop. I want to talk to you. I was there and I saw what I saw. Angelica? And the reason I haven't told you so far seems all too clear to me, but now you must help me. You left immediately on your scooter. Yes. Do you remember seeing anyone along the way? - I don't know. - Make an effort. - You didn't see anyone, did you? - I told you to be quiet. There was someone. An old guy with a dog. You saw him going away from Palazzo Te - immediately after talking to Angelica. - You want to know if I have an alibi. Okay, now repeat everything from the beginning. How do the trousers feel? - Comfortable? - Yes. Okay, give me your arm. I'm glad you're back, Counselor. I'm in the final sprint. It is better if I'm elegant and relaxed. Quite right. A twist in the trial that sees Linda Monaco, entrepreneur Gabriele Monaco's daughter, accused of murdering young Angelica Petroni. After proving in the courtroom to have an alibi, Nicola Tomei, the defense's main suspect, said he saw and heard another man interact with the victim near the crime scene. Nicola Tomei is currently in prison. - The detention status... - Barone. I wanted to compliment you. Colleague to colleague. For what? For what? You are doing a splendid job, even if, you know... In the beginning, honestly, nobody believed in you. Then the music changed, though. - We'll see. - Anyway, I am cheering for you. Thanks. Are you drinking gin and tonic? Sorry, did we meet on another occasion, or... Because I don't think so. It's not like we're in London. Nice to meet you, I'm Ettore La Bruna. I can only dream of winning a trial like yours. My most important client is a drug dealer, and not even a high level one. I'm sorry. I'd like to work with someone like you, play in the major league. Maybe we can open a firm together. Who knows? Maybe, one day... Maybe tomorrow. - Sorry? - You don't know it yet, but you're done. And I'm the only one who can help you, because the man that has just become an eyewitness to the murder happens to be my client. Barone... How much is this information worth? Drinks are on me. Huh. Who is this man? His name is Ivan Zaia. He says he was there to give drugs to Angelica. He can't have seen us. But how the fuck is it possible? Each time we take apart a piece of evidence, another one comes out. Now this new witness. Do you understand that it was Guerra - that pushed him to speak? - Maybe, Linda. Couldn't he be the killer? A drug dealer, a delinquent? - No, I have to be... - Linda, Linda. He seems to have an alibi. So it's not possible. I'm not getting out of here again. That's it. Look, we didn't sleep last night. Me, Arrigoni, Mara, De Grandis, we are all working for you. I won't leave you alone. We must have missed a detail, something. It could be anywhere, guys. - We have already searched, Ruggero. - Keep going. We have reviewed all the trial papers, all the files on the escort case. We re-read everything three times. Nothing. There is no indication of other possible culprits. I also sent the prison director a request to visit Tomei, but I doubt he could help. Yeah, the man he pointed out as the killer is now becoming the prosecutor's strongest witness. Ruggero... We've run out of options. No. She's innocent. I've watched you for a long time, Linda. From afar, but I've watched you. You hid well. We have to believe, reject any complacent thoughts and believe. Together we can grow, and contribute more to make our justice system more efficient, faster, and fairer. Outside of this room we are competitors, but the time has come to think as a group to realign a scale that has been weighted on the other side for too long. Thank you. Right. What's wrong with you? - The trailer. - What? The hotel where Tomei went to spy. There's only one photo in the trial papers. - It's the facade. - So? How did you know there was a trailer in the back? It was you that told me that Tomei was spying from the trailer. - I checked. There's a fucking trailer. - Nonsense. Calm down. You pretended you didn't know about Tomei. He didn't discredit you because you had a deal. Why? Were you one of those he blackmailed? One of those who was left out of the investigation? What if I was? How could this help us in the trial? You make me sick. - Tell me everything. - Trust me, it's better I don't. - Trust you? - I protected my reputation. - And not just mine. - Who else's? Tell me or I'll tell everyone you fucked young girls. Come on. Gabriele Monaco. Do you understand now? Monaco only turned to our office because he could control us. We had to get Linda out, nothing else. Did you really think he chose you because you're the best? If you tell him, it's over for you. Ruggero. There's some news. I wanted to tell you right away. - You could've called, right? - Well, no. Or you would have told him. So, how did it go? - I don't know what you think you know. - Then I'll tell you what I saw. Tomei preferred to risk a murder charge than admit to blackmailing clients and stay out of the investigation. If Guerra hadn't found out, he would never have admitted it. And even now he refuses to say those names. He's in prison, quiet. Have you paid him off? What does Tomei know? Nothing, just the names of some clients. That's all. And what do you know? Get in. - Ruggero, please. - Come on! You, Arrigoni, De Grandis too. All trying to stop me. Just to hide the fact that Monaco went whoring? He didn't go whoring. No? When he heard about Claudio, he took over the escort ring. - Why? - Because the real power is information. To know that a politician, an entrepreneur has sex with a young girl is useful information, and among his clients, there were people he could use. Favors, contracts. He only thinks about business. - And his decisions are not up for debate. - What decisions? Speak or I'll turn you in. I don't care. When Angela Petroni got pregnant, she wanted to quit. She didn't want an abortion and she said she'd report everyone. So Monaco ordered her killed? - Talk! - I don't know if he did it. I only know he ordered she be threatened, okay? By Lorenzi. Yes. - What happens now? - It's simple. We paid Tomei to shut him up and now we'll pay Zaia to get him to retract. - You should call his lawyer right away. - Hm. I don't know why you're having scruples now. No. I bribe Zaia, Guerra gets humiliated again, Linda's free and everyone is happy. And no one ever finds out who the murderer is. So? Does it seem so bad? - No. - Mm. Too bad, though... I have a flaw. Look, I have many, but this one is deeply rooted. I don't like being fucked with. I'll sink, too, but I'll pull you all down with me. I don't believe you'd do it. There's only one way you can save yourself. - Which is? - Help me. Do the right thing. Let's both do it for one fucking time. Testify against Monaco. I hid her. No one knows where she is. I will have her admitted as a witness. She can save you, Linda. How did you convince her? I took her to a five-star hotel. I'm serious. She didn't have much choice. I told her I would report her. Her, myself... and your father. I can't believe he did it. I can. His idea was to keep both of you free, but when he had to choose... who would he keep out of jail? You or himself? Linda... you do understand that proving him guilty is the only way to get you out of here? Well, good news. Zaia's testimony seems convincing to me. I grilled him for four hours. I had him repeat everything several times. - Never a contradiction. - Hm. But? But he's a pusher with a criminal record. He has been silent for a year and is only speaking out now. He has an alibi, but it's weak and only linked to Colombo's testimony. Yes, it's true that he could have kept quiet, but instead he admitted to being at the crime scene. But he only spoke after the arrest. It was better for him to do you a favor. Maybe it's risky taking him into the courtroom. Will they believe him? That's not the point. Do you believe him? It depends on you, Elena. It all depends on you. Yes, right. From this moment on, Linda Monaco will be defended by the Barone firm. No, Arrigoni has nothing to do with either the trial or me anymore. Bye. Yes? I'm sorry, but Ms. Raimondi isn't staying here anymore. My colleague registered her check-out... last night. The number you have called is currently unavailable. - Good morning. - Where is he? In his study, I'll see if he can see you. - He can. - Wait, where are you going? Wait! What are you doing here? Hi, Ruggero. Where is Monaco? What happened to Mara? You can go. Didn't she tell you? I thought you were intimate. Mara, Mara, Mara... Mara is a very ambitious girl and has accepted a transfer to the United States at one of our branch offices. You can call her when she lands. It will take... mmm... a few hours, it's a long journey. You've been fucking with me from day one. And even if I was? Hm? Do you have other options? - Is that a threat? - No, it's not a threat. So? I am the one who can make you win. Just ask. I don't want anything from you. Let me remind you that Linda is my daughter. Write me a report of the hearing and give it to my secretary, since Mara... is gone now. There's the door. Why? You would have done the same, if you were me. Fuck. - Yes? - Sir, the DNA results are ready. I'll be right there. Fuck. I swear to you, it's the truth. I saw those two women. I don't know why you insist so much. I can't stand it anymore. What are you doing here? I followed you. I... I've been following you for days. That sounds creepy. I could never have done it by myself. Maybe it's true that we don't have the right, but I needed help. Why? I have to make a choice. Do you know, I also listen to music with my headphones? What were you listening to? ♪ To make you smile ♪ ♪ Many times, I've been told ♪ ♪ "Speak your mind, just be bold" ♪ ♪ So I close my eyes ♪ ♪ Look behind ♪ ♪ Movin' on ♪ ♪ Movin' on ♪ ♪ So I close my eyes ♪ ♪ And the tears will clear ♪ DNA TEST RESULT DAUGHTER: ANGELICA PETRONI ALLEGED MOTHER: ELENA GUERRA ♪ Then I feel no fear ♪ ♪ Then I'd feel no way ♪ ♪ My paths will remain straight ♪ ♪ Home again, home again ♪ ♪ One day, I know ♪ ♪ I'll feel home again ♪ ♪ Home again, home again ♪ ♪ One day, I know ♪ ♪ I'll feel strong again ♪ ♪ I lift my head ♪ ♪ Many times I've been told ♪ ♪ "All this talk will make you old" ♪ ♪ So I close my eyes ♪ ♪ Look behind ♪ ♪ Movin' on ♪ ♪ Movin' on ♪ ♪ So I close my eyes ♪ ♪ Look behind ♪ ♪ Movin' on ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 