The Trial: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Trial 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Trial (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES 10 MONTHS EARLIER Your husband Claudio was a lucky man. He came from nowhere, and then he met you and found himself rich, - surrounded by luxury... - What's your point? [Elena] He owed you everything. It must have been difficult to find out that he betrayed you. To have lost control. So what did you do? You're always convinced you know everything. - You're having fun, aren't you? - No, I'm not. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I want to know what happened. Ms. Monaco preferred that her husband be considered a murderer, - rather than help him. - [Ruggero] You're making this up. Why? Did you want to take revenge for what you suffered? Linda, you don't have to answer, hm? Do you know it was you, that day, who made me understand I didn't want to save face anymore? [tapping keyboard] Because even if it hurts me to say it, I didn't love Claudio anymore. And admitting that he wasn't with me that night made me realize it was over. That I wanted to feel free, without fear. Fear of what? To know what I really wanted. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ What do you want from me? ♪ ♪ Why don't you run from me? ♪ ♪ What are you wondering? ♪ ♪ What do you know? ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ I wanna end me ♪ ♪ I wanna, I wanna, I wanna ♪ ♪ Why aren't you scared of me? ♪ ♪ Why do you care for me? ♪ ♪ When we all fall asleep ♪ ♪ Where do we go? ♪ THE TRIAL [seabirds calling] [phone ringing outside] Nobody believed that you killed Angelica. So what did you want, Silvia? How much is it worth? Whatever the amount, it cannot be worth more than your freedom. Do you have any idea what perjury is? Because that's what you'll be charged with now. Who asked you to make that confession? Nobody. You don't have to be afraid of those people. I can protect you. Look, I just need evidence. I promise you won't suffer any consequences. I made it all up. I invented everything. That I was her friend, that I was grieving, that I knew everything about her... but it didn't help much. It just got me about 100 followers. What are you talking about? I want to become famous. - And what does this have to do with it? - This was my chance. [laughs] I hardly knew Angelica, but nobody contradicted my story, because nobody was really her friend. Angelica was a bitch... and that's why everyone was so attracted to her. And then I realized... it's the haters that give you success. Even on social media, those who hate you, follow you. You lied to me for months. Every time we talked to each other... How could you have done such a thing? - Things got out of hand. - They got out of hand! You see? You also want to know what's behind it, since contempt's more interesting than pity. What are you talking about? And the threats you said you received, were they fake, too? - Get out! - So am I free? Yes, get yourself a lawyer, Silvia. How is it possible? How did you not realize that girl was a pathological liar? You're usually smart with witnesses. You don't let them fool you like that. I know you met her many times. Why? She said she was Angelica's best friend. She was an important source. It was more important for you to know who was in front of you. - I think they paid her. - Do you have any evidence? - Investigate Monaco and Orrico's finances. - [phone buzzing] I'll find the evidence. [buzzing continues] Sorry, I have to answer this. [buzzing continues] - Good morning. - You are in a good mood. Well, you should be too. Should I thank you for the girl's confession? [laughs] Do you think it was me? - Wasn't it? - [chuckles] In legal jargon, that's called... a stroke of luck. I will exploit it during the hearing, you'll see. We must prepare ourselves. Elena Guerra will want to talk about you, about your personality. What does she want to prove? That I'm crazy? I think that's the idea. So... if we want to be prepared for any kind of attack... today you have to... see me like a priest. Confess all your sins to me. I know it's not easy. And was it easy for Claudio? What do you mean? You want me to trust you. But then I remember that you'd known him for years... that you came to my house, to my parties. You smiled at me, and meanwhile you knew all the crap he was pulling. I had no idea. [sighs] Do you know what he used to say about you? That you're a big liar. What else? That you don't care about anyone. Well, if this was the way he talked about me, then we weren't good friends, right? No one speaks badly of us better than friends do. In fact, I've always preferred enemies. I care about you, Linda. You can trust me. [sighs] Ruggero Barone, I'm your lawyer. [kisses] Mrs. Monaco... do you have any secrets? Anything that could make you look bad in court? [church bell tolls] [Giovanni] Thank you. [phone ringing] Hi. I guess we're here to talk about the terms of the separation. Oh, yes. Fine. [sighs] - Is she still here? - No, she's back in New York. - She asked me to go back, but... - When do you leave? I don't know if I want to. I did a lot of thinking when I was leaving, next to the empty seat you left. What did you think about? That it isn't over because of your work. That doesn't matter. There was one thing we talked about a lot at the beginning. Then we stopped, because you didn't want to. I told you I had accepted it, but I never actually did. For seven years, I wondered why you didn't want to have a child with me, but perhaps there was no reason. For some people, it is just like that. Are you telling me that if I wanted a child, you would get back with me? I'm telling you that I still love you... a lot. And I'm also telling you why it cannot work between us. It's not fair, Elena, to force you to do something if you don't want to. - [commotion] - Orrico's confession... She could have been the key witness against Linda Monaco... Will the prosecution's case hold after this big hit? Prosecutor Guerra, what's your comment on Silvia Orrico's statements? Tell us what happened in court, prosecutor! - Prosecutor! - Prosecutor Guerra! [bells rings] [Ventura] I declare the fourth hearing open. Go ahead, Prosecutor Guerra. [Ruggero] Judge, excuse me. Good morning. JANUARY 19TH FOURTH HEARING Before the next witness is called, - I would like to make a request. - Go ahead. I ask for the revocation of my client's prison remand, which was originally arranged based on the testimony of Silvia Orrico, who, in the last hearing, proved to be largely not credible, so to speak. Judge, it is not only Orrico's words that put Linda Monaco in prison. There is lots of other evidence against her. We still have the photo of the victim together with someone resembling the defendant. - Exactly, you don't know it's her. - There are still the risks of suppression of evidence and flight. The defendant has resources, and was about to go to Brazil at the time of the arrest. So we have to pretend that nothing happened in the last hearing? Not even that the prosecution's main witness confessed to the murder? Judge, it's been 11 months that Mrs. Linda Monaco has been in prison. Eleven months. And she has no intention of running away. On the contrary... she wants to face judgment, but she has every right to go home, to house arrest. But it was clear to everyone right away that Silvia Orrico's confession was false. Actually, one might wonder why she lied like that. - It did help the defense. - Are you accusing me of something? [Ventura] That's enough. Your arguments are clear. Let's stick to the facts. As long as you have facts to stick to. [Ventura] Right. I confirm the precautionary measure against the defendant. But, Judge, why? The decision is taken. Let's move on. Prosecutor. I call on Mrs. Rosa Wozniak to testify. Mrs. Wozniak, how many years have you been working for the Monacos? For 14 years. First, I was with Mr. Gabriele. Then I worked for Mrs. Linda and Mr. Claudio. When you talk about Mr. Gabriele, do you mean Gabriele Monaco? - Yes. - Thank you. So, 14 years, twice as long as the marriage between Linda Monaco and Claudio Cavalleri. We could say that you've seen that love blossom. Yes. Poor Mr. Claudio. You must have grown fond of him. Very. When these terrible things came out, I couldn't believe it. [Elena] And did you become attached to Mrs. Linda too? I've known her for a long time. Sure. And tell me, what kind of person is Mrs. Monaco? - One that sees a lot of people... - Not many. She likes to be alone. So, we could say that since you have lived with Mrs. Monaco for so many years, you're one of the few people who's used to dealing with her moods or emotions? What is this, a philosophy class? Tell us, Mrs. Wozniak, how was Mrs. Monaco feeling in the weeks before the murder of Angelica Petroni? - She was not well. - Why? [Rosa] Because Mr. Claudio was always out, and when he came back home, she was jealous, always fighting with him. And when she was alone, she sometimes worried me. - [Elena] Why? - [Rosa] Because she was off. - I remember one night, I was afraid... - [Elena] Afraid for yourself? [Rosa] No, no, for her. She was sitting motionless, looking petrified. It was like she was not even there. Mrs. Wozniak seems a little too susceptible to me, Judge. To be scared by a woman who is in her house, sitting, - absorbed in her thoughts, it seems... - Counselor, you are a master of euphemism. And you of manipulation. Yes. Now let's talk about a particular day, March 3rd last year, when Linda Monaco came back home. You were awake. Did you see her? [Rosa] Yes, I heard a loud noise outside. [Elena] What kind of noise? [Rosa] A car accident. Madame had crashed her car against the big vase at the entrance. And how would you describe her in that moment? - She was sick. - Sick how? Mrs. Wozniak, answer the question. What did you mean when you said that Mrs. Monaco was sick? That she was all upside down. "She was all upside down." [laughs] - Please, be quiet. - Was she upset? Flustered? She's suggesting the words, Judge. - [sighs] - Very upset. [Elena] Do you remember the exact words Mrs. Monaco said to you? What the fuck are you looking at? [Elena] Thank you, Mrs. Wozniak. I'm done. Mrs. Wozniak, are you currently unemployed? - No. - Let me understand. Claudio Cavalleri is dead. Linda Monaco is in jail. - Who are you working for? - For another family. I couldn't wait. I need money. [Ruggero] Ah, I get it. Money, money. It's astounding. Every time we talk about someone around the Monaco family, the talk always ends up there. Speaking of which, did you receive your wages for the period before these tragedies? No, I didn't receive them. - And this made you angry. - Well, I did the work. I should be paid. Quite right. You know, I asked you a question I already knew the answer to. Mrs. Monaco's accounts are suspended. However, she will, of course, pay you as soon as possible, but there is a fact that remains. You are now angry with Linda Monaco. - I'm sorry about what happened. - [Ruggero] Ah, I don't doubt it. What I would like to ask you now, however, is to tell the whole truth of what was happening in the Cavalleri house, and I want to get back to something you said earlier. "Linda Monaco was very jealous of her husband." So Linda loved Claudio. Absolutely, yes. And Claudio? Did Claudio Cavalleri love his wife? He was very romantic. Even towards the end? [Rosa] Not always, but one evening, he was. - When? - About two weeks before that... before that day he killed himself. At the end of February, then. - Yes, it was February. - And Angelica Petroni was still alive. Yes. Mrs. Wozniak, I know that it is burdensome to remember, but can I ask you to tell us something else about that evening? [Rosa] Mrs. Linda asked me to prepare Mr. Claudio's favorite dishes - and set the table with candles. - [Ruggero] A romantic dinner. [Rosa] Yes. Then, when Mr. Claudio came home and saw Mrs. Linda, who was so beautiful and waiting for him, he was moved. [Ruggero] Did he feel guilty? [Rosa] Yes. [Ruggero] Was there anything in particular that Claudio wanted to be forgiven for? You are beautiful. [Rosa] Yes. His affair with Angelica Petroni. - [Rosa] Yes. - And so Mrs. Monaco knew. Something she denied during the first interrogation with me in the prosecutor's office. She denied it to protect her privacy. She knew her husband was under investigation for murder, and she didn't want to expose herself in front of you, Prosecutor. I understand that lying is wrong, but in this case, it is understandable. - Let's move on, please. - Thank you, Judge. Mrs. Wozniak... how can you say that Linda Monaco knew about the betrayal? [sighs] I don't want to talk about her. - I want to talk about you, me, us... - [Claudio] I fucked up. About the fact that you no longer look at me, that I have become invisible, I want to talk about that. [Rosa] I realized it on that night, from the things they were saying while I was serving at the table. [Claudio] Linda, it's over. She was the one who wouldn't let it go. I don't care about her. Hey, I love you. Look at me. [sighs] [Linda] I love you so much. So much. Mrs. Linda said that she didn't care about the girl, that it was all Mr. Claudio's fault. She didn't care about that girl. That's all for me. [knocking at door] - Counselor. - [Ruggero] Yes? Excuse me. There's a girl who wants to see you. She said it's urgent. Don't worry. Let her in. [door closes] Miss Orrico. What are you doing here? - I would like to hire you. - [laughs] What are you talking about? It was the prosecutor who told me that I needed to find a lawyer... for the perjury. - And you're a good one, aren't you? - Oh, yes. Do you know what the prosecutor thinks? That I bribed you. And what do you do, you storm into my office? - You want me to get in trouble? - Let's at least talk about it. I can help you. There is one thing I never said about Angelica. - You've said enough already. - One evening, as I was leaving a conference where we were working together, - I saw Angelica arguing with a guy. - Mm-hm. - Ten days before she died, no more. - And you only remember this now? I couldn't say it before. If he was the real culprit, I couldn't say that I was guilty. Hm. All right, I'm listening. [grunts] And if I tell you, will you defend me? No. But I'll send you to see someone good. - Go on. - I don't know who he was, but... I remember how strange it seemed to me, because Angelica usually only went out with rich men, while this guy was badly dressed. - He had... He had a van. - Mm-hm. A white van, with an image printed on it, like a chef's hat. Hm. And the name? I bet you don't know that. - And did you hear what they were saying? - No. Mm. But I saw them. You have to believe me. Tell me, did you tell this to the prosecutor, too? No. She's a bitch. I'm here to help you. Of course. Convenient, isn't it? - Now go. I have to work. - But... I said go! ¡Ándale! Marsch! What language do I have to tell you in, huh? Vas-y! [in English] Get out! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! [in Italian] The number of that good one? The secretary will give it to you. He's a psychiatrist. He is very good. Olivia Francioso, who is she? Someone that's been receiving €4,000 a month for seven years, without cause, from Gabriele Monaco. - Does she have anything to do with Orrico? - Maybe she's like Lorenzi, someone who gets paid to do dirty jobs. - I can investigate further. - Elena... She could have been the go-between bribing Silvia Orrico. Elena... you already knew I had doubts, but I authorized your investigation nevertheless. You got the financial police involved searching Gabriele Monaco's accounts. Did you find anything? No. Let me remind you that he is not the defendant in this trial. Stop. Don't do anything else. Any news on Lorenzi, at least? After the phone call from Cape Verde, we lost him, but he could have contacted his son in other ways. - [sighs] - If he has cut ties with his son, we have nothing to lose. - It depends on what kind of father he is. - Right now, he's a fugitive father. Wait for now. All right. Elena? Catch your breath. Ah, sir, you are an idol for me. [chuckles] They should write a book about your career. I hope it will happen as late as possible, when I can no longer read it. - Excuse me. - Of course. - Andreoli. - Yes? Uh... I'm going. - What's wrong? - I'd like to talk to you for a minute. - All right, let's go to my office. - Not here. I know everything, Elena. I found out who she was. I followed all the news on the case, but only this morning I read Angelica's date of birth in an article. March 27th, 2000. And I understood why... she had such a familiar face. - You have to leave the trial immediately. - I'm just doing my job. Your job is in the service of the law, and you are violating it. No, I'm using it to do her justice. You and justice are very far apart right now. Maybe it's wrong, but I'm not wrong about Linda Monaco. I doubt you had the necessary clarity to understand it when you asked for the indictment against her. I did a good job. I saw it. I saw it in her eyes. It was her. It's too late to admit the truth. Do a few more hearings. Then find an excuse and get replaced. - There is nothing else to do. - What will you do if I don't stop? Are you going to report me? I'm a magistrate. You are my father. Don't push me. [engine starts] [Stefano] Why did you stop writing to me? - Now is not the time, Stefano. Go away. - Elena. What happened? I mean, it's me. You can talk to me. My father found out about Angelica, and he wants me to quit the trial. No... don't do it. Sorry I came here like this. I know I shouldn't. It's just that I can't stop thinking about you. [church bell tolls] - [knocking] - [Elena] Yes? - Coffee. - Thank you. Aah. Here. - You don't want one? - I already had one. - I'm going to smoke a cigarette. - Smoke here. - Really? - Yes. - Maybe I should open... - Ah. - Better had. - [chuckles] [sighs] I should quit. - Have you ever tried? - Oh, a lot of times. Except that I always lacked the right motivation. - But now I've found it. - Meaning? Ah... - I caught my son smoking. - Ouch. So I confiscated the pack, and he got pissed off. At that point, I got pissed off too and almost finished it, see? Look. I'm sorry, but you can, and he can't? It doesn't make much sense. Do you know what? It must be the idea that someone you love chooses to hurt himself which really pisses me off. When you argue with your son, how do you solve it? We make peace. Then we argue again. Ah... well, he's 16... [chuckles] Hm. Well, not all fathers are like you. Aah. Go get Lorenzi's son and bring him here. Now. Mm. [Marco] Happy New Year? You are a bastard. Do you realize what you did? [Lorenzi] Please, listen, I... You tell me you're clean. You beg to start seeing me again. Then you disappear and don't show up for nine months. You know what? Fuck off. [beeping] [sighs] Did you hear from him anymore? Via chat, maybe, or... in any other way? No. Marco, you have to tell me the truth, or you risk getting into trouble too. You don't want to be like your father, do you? Not on my life. I'm looking for him because I think he knows a lot about the murder of Angelica Petroni. You saw him in those days. Do you know anything? I don't know anything. [sighs] Did he ever tell you about his work for Monaco? Uh... he said that he had gone to jail, but that the real criminal was the great entrepreneur. Why? What did Monaco do? One day, I was in the car with my father. He stopped in front of a house, told me to wait there. When he came back, he was very agitated. He told me he just had to convince a woman to be good. "To be good"? I don't know. He offered her money to keep her quiet. [sighs] Do you remember the woman's name? He didn't tell me, and if he told me, I don't remember. Was it Olivia Francioso, maybe? [alarm chirps] - Come in. - Good morning. Good morning. [gate closes] Follow me. [woman] Good morning, Prosecutor Guerra. - Good morning. - [Andreoli] Good morning. Please, sit. Make yourselves at home. Mrs. Francioso, thank you for receiving us without warning. You know, I read a lot about you in the newspapers. I was curious to meet you in person. Why are you here? - I have some questions to ask you. - [Ventura] Good morning, all. JANUARY 23RD FIFTH HEARING I declare the fifth hearing open. Prosecutor Guerra, let's follow your witness list. Go ahead. Judge, I would like to postpone the planned testimony to request the admission of an extra witness not on the list. Has the defense team been informed of this witness? - No. - No, I'm informing them now. I'm sorry. This is news to me too. What testimony is this? - Can we approach, Judge? - Please. This is a transcript of my interview with the witness. It is vitally important for my narrative. - Which narrative? - It's necessary to outline a true picture - of the defendant's personality. - Can I know the name of the witness? Olivia Francioso. Counselor Barone, I can only admit this witness in the presence of the consent of both parties. I do not object. Do you want to postpone the questioning of the witness to prepare? No, there is no need. We have nothing to fear, Judge. Fine. - Let's continue. - Thank you. The witness is admitted. I call on Mrs. Olivia Francioso to testify. I don't need help. My hands work. Good morning, Mrs. Francioso. Can we start? Good morning. Yes, sure. Murders do not arise out of the blue. They are born from intentions and character traits that often, in the past, already had opportunities to come out. Perhaps in a less tragic, but still alarming way. Mrs. Francioso, let's start with your acquaintance with the defendant and her late husband, Claudio Cavalleri. I used to date Claudio a few years ago. - [Elena] And then your relationship ended? - Yes. For what reason? I was his girlfriend. Then we broke up, and he got together with her. When you say "her," you mean the defendant, Linda Monaco? Yes. And then what happened? [Olivia] One evening, I was going back home. Claudio and I had been broken up for a while, but I was still thinking about him. I had gone to a club to dance. I drank too much. I had to stop thinking. [vehicle accelerating] - [thud] - [tires screech] [dog barking] [barking echoing] [Elena] Do you know who hit you? [Olivia] I saw the car coming. It was Linda Monaco's. Uh... So Mrs. Monaco hit you... - and left you there on the ground. - [Olivia] Yes, exactly. Then someone saw me and called an ambulance. I was in a coma for three days. And did you know why Mrs. Monaco carried out such an extreme action? [chuckles] As soon as I recovered, Claudio came to visit me in the hospital and told me that Linda was obsessed by the thought that we were still sleeping together. You understand? Then he told me not to say anything, that the Monaco family would pay me. [Elena] So that's why you never pressed charges against her, because you were paid. Yes. €4,000 a month for seven years. I would do anything to go back and do the right thing right away. Maybe... if I had reported Linda Monaco, nothing would have happened to Angelica Petroni. Yes, maybe. I'm done. Thank you, Mrs. Francioso. [Ventura] Well... Counselor Barone, do you want to proceed with the cross-examination? Oh, yes. We need to get things straight. Mrs. Francioso, in this courtroom today, you told a story... - that is not verifiable. - Not verifiable? - Well, no. - Don't you see this? I do not doubt your disability. I would never do that. But all the rest, yes. Let's start with your relationship with Claudio Cavalleri. From what I know, - it was you who tormented him. - [scoffs] No. That's not true. Didn't you say that you suffered over the end of your relationship? - How many times a day did you call him? - A few times. - Hm. - Hm. What does this have to do with it? I said the relationship was over. I never slept with him again. Yes, but the problem is not if you were sleeping together, but the level of pressure you put on Claudio. Weren't you the one who threatened to tell his new girlfriend that you were still having sex, even if it wasn't true, thereby putting their marriage at risk? Can we stop being so formal? You were Claudio's friend. We used to hang out when him and I were together. That doesn't matter. What matters is that you answer. Maybe. I might have said that. I was still in love with him. But that doesn't change a thing. It was that crazy lady who hit me. This is what you claim. You, who saw the car for half a second while you were drunk, its headlights dazzling you, and ended up in a coma. - [thud] - [tires screeching] - [dog barking] - [Olivia gasping] [Olivia] I trust what Claudio said when I woke up. [Ruggero] Oh, sure. Claudio Cavalleri, the most reliable person on the face of the Earth. Could he have been the one who hit you? What are you saying? Judge, it is clear that this version that sees Cavalleri as guilty has been agreed upon by Counselor Barone together with his client. It is very easy to blame a deceased man who cannot be here to exonerate himself. Like it's not possible to have him come here to deny Mrs. Francioso's version of this visit to the hospital, isn't it? Here the only thing that cannot be denied is that €4,000 a month paid by Gabriele Monaco to cover for his daughter's criminal act. Judge, I would like to stop discussing this with Prosecutor Guerra and continue the cross-examination. - Go ahead. - Thank you. Mrs. Francioso... did you threaten to report Linda, yes or no? - Yes, sure. I was about to do it. - But then you were paid... after making an accusation you could not prove. How can you say such a thing? She was the one who hit me. It's her fault I'm in a wheelchair. You can't possibly be sure of that! Who is more capable of such a violent action? Linda Monaco, or a man who ran an escort ring, who had sex with a minor, and who most likely got married for profit? And I'm sorry to have to say this here, in front of my client. It was you who threatened to break up that marriage. Claudio was the only one who had a reason to make you suffer. And Mrs. Francioso here had and still has reasons to get revenge on Linda Monaco. I'm done, Judge. [sobbing] - What happened? - [sighs] Nothing, I'm sorry. Nothing important. Would you like a beer? I need one too. Let me drop off my robe. - But drinks are on you. - Okay. She's 19th on the transplant list. Carla is strong, but the doctors say she needs to be hospitalized. At least she'd stayed at home so far. And there's nothing that can be done? - Why didn't you tell me? - Oh, no, I didn't want to bother you. Oh, please, stop being so formal with me. [laughing] Right. Okay. [sighs] - Which of you two is the big sister? - I am. If there is a silver lining, it is that... now every moment between me and Carla is special. I regret all the times we could have been together and weren't. [seabirds calling] [Stefano] Look who's here. Can you pass me one of those? - What? - One of the discs, inside the box. [Velcro ripping] - This one? - Yes. Do you remember that I was afraid of water? What? I said, do you remember that I was afraid of water? How can I forget it? I tried to get over it, but... [sighs]...I couldn't. I didn't reply because... my husband came back, and I didn't know what I wanted. And now you know? I hope so. I'm sorry. [door opens] Let's try again. Can I come in? Please. You sure went in heavy on Claudio yesterday at the hearing, huh? Claudio was the right card. I couldn't say that Francioso had invented everything to take advantage of it. They wouldn't have believed it. Quite right. Linda, however, was falling apart. If she still had a shred of feeling for that asshole of a husband, you destroyed it. - How sensitive of you. - [laughs] Let's just say I can read people. - Oh, yes? - Mm-hm. And what do you see in me? I think you like Linda. She's just a client. If you say so. I have to get some things from the office. Do you want to come with me? [heavy breathing] ♪ While I'm sleeping ♪ ♪ I'm not sleeping ♪ - ♪ Am I dancing ♪ - Aah! ♪ In the glow? ♪ ♪ My mind vacillates ♪ - ♪ Have we been bad then? ♪ - [moaning] ♪ So I don't come in ♪ [panting] ♪ You want control ♪ ♪ But you let me go ♪ ♪ You want control ♪ ♪ But you let me go ♪ ♪ You want control ♪ ♪ But you let me go... ♪ [man on radio] All right, thank you. Before we move on to other news, we have the last few seconds of the Petroni case. [woman] According to the prosecution, Linda Monaco had already tried to kill. Do you think she is guilty? Does she deserve a life sentence? Mrs. Petroni, Mr. Petroni, only one question. What do you think about what Olivia Francioso said? [man] According to the prosecution, Linda Monaco had already tried to kill. - Do you think she's guilty? - Yes, of course she is. - You can tell she's crazy straightaway. - [woman] Wait! How do you think the prosecutor is doing? The white van. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 