Upstairs Downstairs: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs Downstairs 
 s2e5 - The Last Waltz - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs Downstairs (2010–2012): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Last Waltz - full transcript 
 With war inevitable and her marriage in ruins, Lady Agnes takes her children to the countryside, leaving her husband to carry on with her sister, in an affair which soon becomes noticed downstairs. Harry and Beryl get engaged and plan to emigrate to America, though Beryl almost backs out when she learns of her boyfriend's fling with Persie. Harry blackmails Sir Hallam into giving him the money for the passage in return for keeping quiet about his affair with Persie. Pritchard forms a romance with lady's-maid Violet Whisset when they are chosen to organize the annual servants' ball, but she rejects him on learning that he was a conscientious objector in the Great War. Later, a returning Lady Agnes finds Pritchard ill with drink and emotional on the area steps. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I guess it isn't any good for either one of us to be seen together. Right or wrong, you know, people like to talk. - It had better be goodbye. - What's the matter? Afraid? Of you? No. Well, after all, we're on the same ship, we still have eight days, you know. Well, you can take nice long walks out in the sunshine. LADY PERSIE: Pass my cigarettes, will you? I appear to have only one shoe. How inconvenient. You shall have to hop back to Whitehall. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You know what I should like now? I could hazard a guess. - Tea. - Tea? With cream cakes and tiny sandwiches. When I was a girl, I used to dream of taking afternoon tea at a smart London hotel. Room service might be more advisable. Honestly, Hallam, you're such a stick in the mud. Am I indeed? Whoo! (LAUGHING) The larger cases are for the luggage compartment, Spargo. My lady. If you could take him out to the car. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (CHILD LAUGHING) Come here. Agnes, what on earth? I'm taking the children to Buckinghamshire. Does Hallam know about this? You can't just go. Then what should I do, Persie? You know how things are. These last few weeks have been intolerable. We barely speak. Do you think that will change if I stay? I suppose you could leave him a note. I know we discussed you going at some point, if the situation worsened. Marina telephoned this morning and with Nanny Lyons visiting her sister, I couldn't see any reason to wait. - But surely... - It means the children will be safe. Whatever happens. Very well, if it's what you want. But I don't see why you need to take the train. - Spargo could easily... - Is this what you want, Hallam? Agnes, please. Are you happy with me? Because I don't think I've ever been so unutterably miserable in my life. Perhaps if we both have time to think. How long will you be gone? I have no idea. A bit of warning would've been nice. What with Dr Mottershead in Norfolk visiting the transport kiddies, I've a saddle of lamb going to waste. There was a note, you said? It's on the mantelpiece. Sir Hallam can't be happy. First the business with Mr Landry, and then she goes running off to the country. How are we progressing with the plans for the refuge room? They start bombing and gassing us, a bit of carpet over the door won't do you much good. You want to be as far away from London as you can get. MRS THACKERAY: Is that my Tatler? I left that out for Beryl. There's an article about René Dupont, - hairdresser to the stars. - SPARGO: Ha! BERYL: He's very famous in America, actually. Ginger Rogers was a brunette until she met him. You don't say. - Any instructions from her ladyship? - Only one. It appears I am to join Lady Malcolm's ball committee as a servants' representative. Well, now. What? On top of your ARP duties? Well, they could've asked you first. What cheek. On the contrary, Beryl, it's an honour. So, did Agnes say when she'll be back? Persie. It's a perfectly innocuous question. We can't discuss this here. Thank you, Pritchard. You know, it might even be for the best. How can it possibly be for the best? Agnes is my wife. Things should never have got to this point. I should never have let them. I see. I'm afraid you'll have to excuse me, Hallam, I really have the most dreadful headache. I don't see what all the fuss is about if it's just a servants' dance. It's not a dance, it's a ball. A proper ball, every year, every summer at the Albert Hall. Apparently, this year it's to be themed. "Characters from history and literature." Well that hardly narrows the field. Lady Agnes has suggested Robin Hood and Maid Marian. She very much hopes we will participate. I thought perhaps Eunice and Johnny. Robin Hood? Wouldn't I have to wear stockings? Didn't do Errol Flynn any harm. Indeed it did not. I do hope Sir Hallam takes the same table this year. It was so nice to have somewhere to sit with a decent view. And old Queen Mary herself took the table next to us. You've met the Queen? No, the table was for her staff. But several from the upper echelons do attend for the first dance. And I hope you won't be using Belgravia Catering again. The ham was fatty, I won't even comment on the fruitcake. I hope Lady Malcolm's speech doesn't go on like last year. Well, isn't the evening to raise funds for the hospital? Well, it doesn't mean we have to dwell on illness on our night out. Specially as it'll be our last, if Hitler has his way. Thank you, Mr Wetenshall. We are all grateful for that highly detailed and informative summary. However, as regards the refreshments, I see no point inviting tenders from other companies. The food was perfectly acceptable and reasonably priced. After all, we must remember for whom we are catering. And now. On to other business. I'm afraid our cook will be disappointed. She felt last year's cold meats left a little to be desired. Oh, I would have to agree. Perhaps you'd like to take it up with Lady Malcolm? They shall answer directly to me... I think not. I don't think Mr Pritchard would approve of you working with your shirt off. Not with impressionable young women around. - Best avert your gaze then. - (CHUCKLES) Now, where's the fun in that? - That for me? - Mmm-hmm. It's going to be so dark in here when all the windows are boarded up. Yeah. You know, things kick off, I'm not sticking around here to choke to death in some basement. Well, I can't see we can do much about that. We could always get out of here. And go where? How about America? America? Yeah, that'd be nice. We could get ourselves a penthouse in a skyscraper and go dancing with Fred Astaire. Or we could get ourselves visas and passage on a boat and get as far away from this as possible. We couldn't do that. Why not? Sir. Right. Thanks. I thought it had been agreed that any negotiations with the Soviets needed careful handling. Drax has been fully briefed. With the greatest respect, Foreign Secretary, sending Admiral Plunkett-Ernle-Erle-Drax is as good as telling the Russians - we're not taking them seriously. - Nonsense. You know there are rumours that Hitler's been making overtures to the Russians. Well, good luck to him. If there's anyone Stalin hates more than us, it's the Germans. You've heard they're sending Drax to Moscow? He of the unfeasibly long name. They might as well send the tea boy. I must admit, after what the Bolsheviks did to our Romanov relations, I do struggle somewhat to see them as appealing allies. Appealing or not, they could well be our last chance. Marina says la famille Holland has settled in nicely at Coppins. Yes. Yes, thank you for that. Agnes wanted the children out of harm's way. I thought we could have waited but... Hallam... At the risk of sounding insensitive... My wife is living at your house. I think the time for delicacy has passed. I just wish to say, the most idyllic marriage experiences rough weather from time to time. You will come through this. Whatever else might happen in my life, Agnes has always been its heart. Everything I did, ultimately, I did it for her. And she for you. You're a perfectly matched pair. You always have been. Has that really changed? I feel as though I'm no longer... Necessary to her. Hallam, dear boy. It's the truth. And if Agnes doesn't need me, then... Then I fear I may be quite lost. I'll need to go along by the park, sir. There's a sandbagging lorry broken down on Piccadilly. It's for real this time, isn't it, sir? Sorry? All the preparations. I'm afraid so, Spargo. Difficult days, sir. Yes, indeed. (THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU PLAYING) I'm sorry. I assumed you'd gone up. For heaven's sake, Hallam, we can still talk to each other, you know. Of course, it's just... It's been a bloody day and I'm dead on my feet. Has something happened? Halifax is no longer going to Russia. He feels it's a waste of time. Well, that seems remarkably short-sighted. It's like a bad joke. Our last hope of averting war and suddenly it's all riding on "Admiral Acronym". Is that his actual name? Only within the Foreign Office. His given name is Admiral the Honourable Sir Reginald Aylmer Ranfurly Plunkett-Ernle-Erle-Drax. (LAUGHS) Dear God. Hence Admiral Acronym. I feel as though it's all falling apart and there's not a damn thing I can do to stop it. But you're trying. You can't do any more than that. You're a good man. It's true, Hallam. You are. And you must never feel otherwise. Good men are few and far between. Please, don't let me interrupt. Oh, a fan of the detective genre, I see. An addict, I'm afraid. Her ladyship passes them on once she's read them but, unfortunately, she can't resist telling one whodunit. And is this up to Mrs Christie's usual standard? Well, I'm a little disappointed that it doesn't feature Monsieur Poirot, but there is a romantic interest. Sounds most intriguing. The Metropolitan Police maintain that the Albert Hall does not fall within their jurisdiction. So, the question remains, how do we deter this undesirable element? Lady Malcolm, I believe the "gentlemen" in question are given to a certain flamboyance in dress as well as behaviour. Of course, we can hardly turn away everyone in a flamboyant ensemble. There'd be nobody left for the fancy dress parade. But one might establish certain restrictions given their tendency towards more feminine attire? I see. We could say no men impersonating women. And the wording on the tickets could allow for further discretion on the door. You know, I think you're onto something. Well done, Mr Pritchard. Of course, working on cruise ships, you must be no stranger to undesirable elements. I wonder, Miss Whisset. Would you care to join me for a cup of tea? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm expected back. - I quite understand. - I have to dress Lady Brackenbury - for dinner. - Of course. - But I would very much... - Perhaps another time... I take my half day on Wednesday. Yes, so do I. I was rather hoping to see the new Irene Dunne picture. The one on the cruise ship, but you've probably seen it. No. No. That would be very enjoyable. Spargo, Harold Herbert. FEMALE CLERK: And are you married, Mr Spargo? No, not as yet. Well, let's leave it blank for now, then, shall we? - Occupation? - Chauffeur. With 10 years' experience and a clean licence. Well, we Americans never walk if we can take the car. I was thinking possibly a sculpture wave. That would work. And I could do the curls at the side. Eunice, how about you? I was thinking like Olivia de Havilland, you know in the film, but maybe with some ringlets round the top. Well, I could certainly do a few soft waves around the face. Keep it simple, I'd say, Eunice. You don't want to look like a poodle. Should I treat this one before it goes to the laundry service? Looks like Sir Hallam had an accident with your raspberry basarah, Mrs Thackeray. The word is "bavarois", girl. And that's not raspberry, it's lipstick. EUNICE: But how would he get lipstick down his... Uh, just put it in the basket with the others and I'll write a note to give it special attention. Lady Agnes usually favours Crimson Rose. Now we know why Sir Hallam's been going to the Dorchester. How do you know he's been at the Dorchester? Matchbooks in his jacket pockets. The first rule of valeting, Johnny. The contents of a gentleman's pocket are not for public consumption. First Lady Agnes and her American, and now this. A most unhappy state of affairs. It's the tallest building in the world, you can't miss that. The nearest thing to heaven we have in New York. Be sure you take the elevator. Well, until we meet again, take care of yourself. I still can't believe that you've actually met Cary Grant. Oh, yes, he was quite a regular. He's from Bristol originally, you know. Very partial to a ginger nut. Oh. It must be wonderful to have travelled so extensively. Have you ever been on the Queen Mary? Now, that's the one I'd love to see. She's certainly impressive. In fact, Mr Grant himself described her as the Eighth Wonder of the World. Did he really? No, I shouldn't. A little harmless indulgence. Of course, it should really be pink champagne, but as neither of us are drinkers... BERYL: When did you get all this? HARRY: When I went to the Embassy. BERYL: You never said. HARRY: Oh, I wanted to work it all out first. Make sure I knew what I was talking about. But here, look. This is what it will cost to get us there, that's if we go third class. And there, that's our outgoings. Everything we'd need to get ourselves set up. I've some money put aside, it's not enough, but with your savings as well. And I've been asking around. There's a footman at Lord Reed's has a cousin in California, he's got a limousine business. And with Hollywood and all the film studios, the woman in the Embassy, she reckoned there'd be more than enough work - for the both of us. - Harry, slow down. Think about it. That René Dupont you've been talking about. There is no reason that couldn't be you. - Except he's French. And bald. - I mean it, Bee. We're so much better than this. No washing other people's smalls, being at their beck and call. We could be doing so much more. Over there, anything is possible. But we... We can't just go. It's crazy. Well, no crazier than anything that's happening around here. And from where I'm sitting, it's the sanest thing we could do. Think about it, think about the life we could have over there, think about the life we could give our kids. Kids? Well, yeah. I mean... We'd have to get married first, of course. Show me those sums again. Forget the sums. I know I'm pushing my luck because... Frankly, I still can't believe you'd even look at a man like me. But the truth is... I adore you, Beryl Ballard. And if you would do me the honour of becoming my wife, I swear, I will take you to America, and I'll give you everything you've ever wanted. Well, when you put it like that... That's wonderful news. Really wonderful. You'll make such a beautiful bride. I think a toast is in order, don't you think, Mr Pritchard? Absolutely. Johnny, you'll find an open bottle of something quite acceptable just inside the pantry. - Have you told Sir Hallam? - Not yet. Well, you know, once you're married, Beryl will have to give up her place here. Actually, we won't be staying here. We've decided to go to America. Well, if that don't beat all. Oh, to be young and in love. Eh, Mr Prichard? Yes, indeed. Well, I'm happy for you, Spargo. But obviously some rearrangements will have to be made. The garage is hardly suitable for a married couple. Actually, sir, me and Beryl, we're going to emigrate. To America. - You are? - Yes, sir. Not till we're married, and I'll work out my full notice. I won't be leaving you in the lurch. I wondered if you might see your way to writing me a letter of recommendation. I know you're well connected over there. I'm sorry, I'm afraid that's out of the question. - Sir? - For God's sake, man. War could be declared at any moment. Every Englishman should be standing ready to defend his country. I realise that, sir, but the fact is I've got Beryl to think about now. All the more reason to stay here and do your bit. We've already made our decision. Then I have to say I'm disappointed in you, Spargo. Well, then maybe it's best if I give notice now, sir. Yes, I think you probably should. I saw a woman with green nails the other day. I couldn't decide if it was striking or just plain hideous. What do you think? Beryl? Sorry, Lady Persie. I was miles away. Mooning over a certain chauffeur, by any chance? No, my lady. Come on. What's he done now? Well, actually, Harry's proposed. Well, how terribly exciting. I'm assuming you said yes. - Yes, my lady. - Of course you did. There. All done. - You must let me give you something. - Oh, no, my lady. I insist, an engagement present. That's the done thing, isn't it? Here. This would look wonderful on you. - No, I couldn't. Really. - Of course you can. Save it for your honeymoon. Or not. Entirely up to you. You can go. It's barely worn. And it's such a lovely colour. There, hop down. She said it was for me honeymoon. My mother gave me a chemise and a silver-backed hairbrush. I remember she told me to brush my hair out while I was waiting. To stop the nerves. You were nervous? Oh, yes, dear. Back then, girls had no idea what to expect. But these things work out in the end. Persie? Beryl? What are you doing here? Why are you wearing that thing? It was a present. - What? - An engagement present. I thought you'd like it. I thought... Oh, Bee. I'm sorry. You... You took me by surprise. You called me Persie. Well, what's she doing giving you her old cast-offs anyway? That kind of thing, it doesn't suit you. - It makes you look like a tart. - Harry. I swear. It meant nothing. It was over before you even came here. It was just in the dark, wearing that robe. I'm sorry. And you let me... I've spoken to her about you. - And all the time... - I know, I know. I should have told you, I just didn't want you to think... It's not something I'm proud of. She must've have been having a right old laugh about me. "Stupid Beryl, she's got no idea." Because it wasn't just her dressing gown that was her cast-off, was it? - Beryl, please. - I'm such a fool. Here we are making these great plans and I don't even know the first thing about you. Yes, you do, you do. You know everything about me. - Everything that matters. - This matters, Harry! This matters! It matters a lot. Beryl... There's been talk of her ladyship going to stay with her son and his family in Wiltshire. - I see. - Oh, I'm sure it'll come to nothing. Lady B can't abide her son's wife. She calls her "the Albatross." Says she's both a burden and a curse. But if there's a war... The boys from my village, they had a cricket team. Used to play every Sunday. And when the last war started, they all joined up together, almost for a lark. And by the end, the cricket pitch was so overgrown you could barely tell it was there. But their whites were still hanging on the pegs in the clubhouse. All those boys, lads I'd known me whole life. And not one of them came home. Mrs Thackeray. I shall be inviting a friend to tea on Sunday. Oh, yes? I wondered if I might prevail upon you to make some of your famous ladyfingers. A special friend, is it? One might say that. - The stables, Spargo. - My lady. Apparently congratulations are in order. - Apparently so. - Well, I'm terribly happy for you both. Another cup of tea, Miss Whisset? Oh, no. Thank you. No, thank you, Mrs Thackeray. I've had quite sufficient. The ladyfingers were delicious. So, I understand you intend to emigrate once you're married? That's the plan. In theory. Well, that's very exciting. Mrs Thackeray, I was telling Miss Whisset... Spargo, I've been calling the garage. You don't have time for tea, man, I need the car. Now. What's so urgent on a Sunday afternoon? MAN ON RADIO: It has been confirmed that a non-aggression pact between Germany and the Soviet Union will be finalised before midnight tonight. Herr Von Ribbentrop, the German Foreign Minister, is en route to Moscow where he will meet the Soviet Foreign Minister, Molotov, to ratify the treaty. SPARGO: You said the forms were all in order. FEMALE CLERK: They were. But in light of recent events, we're prioritising applicants with specialist skills or independent means. If you had more capital or even someone willing to act as a sponsor... But we don't have that. BERYL: Could you speak to Sir Hallam again? I'm not going to beg. If I can't get a sponsor, then there's people I can talk to about loaning us the money. What if you only had to buy one ticket? Bee? If this is you calling it off, then you'd better just come out and say it. No, I'm not, I just... Look, it's a lovely romantic dream. - But what if that's all it is? - No. I love you. I want to start a life with you. We can't build a marriage on dreams. My dad, he was a great romantic. And then when things got difficult, he started looking elsewhere. I'd never do that. Because I can't compete with the likes of - Lady Persie. - Compete? Are you mad? You're worth a hundred of her. I wish to God I'd never laid eyes on her. She's poison. Seriously. You've no idea. Didn't bother you at the time, did it? Listen to me. This has nothing to do with Lady Persie. We're getting married. And we're going to America. Not without visas, we're not. (ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING) LADY PERSIE: Don't turn on the light. I want to see the moon. But there are too many clouds. Always the way. LADY PERSIE: I don't believe they were lovers. Agnes wouldn't. She's straight as a die. SIR HALLAM: I'm not sure it even matters. Something changed. She's changed. LADY PERSIE: Well, we all do. The trouble is in everyone else's heads we stay the same. So we get stuck. SIR HALLAM: Is that how you feel? God, yes. To other people I'll always be the brainless, younger sister who fell in with the Nazis. Not to me. I think you're quite remarkable. I mean it. You're fearless, passionate. And there's an honesty and an integrity to the choices you make. Even if they are occasionally misguided? Oh, they're usually completely misguided. But you're brave enough to risk everything to get what you want. It seems we both are. (MAN TALKING INDISTINCTLY) MISS WHISSET: It does feel wrong somehow to be so taken up with something so frivolous. One of the workmen was talking about enlisting before. Said he'd rather get it over with than wait to be called up. MR PRITCHARD: Our boy Johnny turned 20 in May. The thought of sending him away to fight... (VIOLIN PLAYING) MR PRITCHARD: May I have the pleasure? - Oh, thank you. - You're welcome. Look, Beryl. - From Sir Hallam. - Ooh, very pretty. Oh, I spy the hand of Mr Pritchard. Four bouquets. I hope the extra one didn't come out of Sir Hallam's pocket. I would never give a lady flowers bought by another man. I suppose cut flowers are a luxury we won't be seeing a lot more of. You may well be right. We should consider this our last hurrah, then, shouldn't we? Exactly so, Mrs Thack. I even took my dad's old medals down the pawn shop. All they'd give me was fiver. So how much are you short? - A lot. - Can't you just tell Beryl? I made her a promise. If I fall at the first hurdle, it proves I don't deserve her. - But if you can't raise the money? - I'll find it. Somehow. I mean it, Johnny. I'm not going to lose her. Come on, then. You can't stay in here all night. (WOLF WHISTLES) I think I've got them on back to front. Come on. Ladies and gentlemen, our taxi cabs have arrived. Mr Amanjit has gone to ask the drivers to wait. - Where's Eunice? - Here, Mrs Thack. - MRS THACKERAY: Oh! - Blimey. Nearly didn't recognise you there, Eunice. Thought it was Olivia de Havilland. You look smashing. Well, if we're all ready? You look lovely, too. (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) Australia has, of course, been postponed. To leave England at this juncture would be unthinkable. And it's only going to get worse. The consensus is that we were caught napping. Yes. The German Ambassador's been crowing. He's taken to referring to Plunkett-Ernle-Erle-Drax as "Admiral Acronym". Where did he get that from? The Germans have ears everywhere. One of our chaps at the Foreign Office must've been less than discreet. My housekeeper has influenza so I've been thrown upon the mercy of the committee. (MISS WHISSET TALKING INDISTINCTLY) (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) Old Amanjit's pretty light on his feet. He said he learnt to foxtrot at the military hospital. How does this song go? # I danced with the man, who danced with the girl # Who danced with the Prince of Wales # Oh, stop. You looked every inch a duchess. Well, I preferred it when you and I had the floor to ourselves. There you are, dear boy. You know, I have to say, I'm starting rather to enjoy myself. There's something so deliciously low about a servants' ball. Now, I vote we get absolutely steaming drunk and go native. I should really get back, sir. I just wanted to ask. Before, when you talked about Admiral Acronym... No, no, no, Hallam. Tonight is not for politics. Come the dawn, there shall be time for little else. But tonight, "Let's eat and drink for tomorrow we die." And I for one feel the need for a party. Well, she might have worn more appropriate underthings. She's supposed to be the Queen. I couldn't agree more. I hope you are all having a pleasant evening. Here we go. Lemonade for you, Mr P. Sorry, Mrs Thack, they didn't have Dubonnet, so I've brought you a Vermouth. How very remiss of them. No bar is fully stocked without Dubonnet. But you know, if they have Vermouth, then you should have a Manhattan. Oh, there's wine, beer and spirits, sir. They're not providing cocktails. Well, that is an outrage. Any civilised party requires cocktails. Come, Mrs Thackeray, I shall show the bartender how to mix you a Manhattan. (PEOPLE LAUGHING) Hallam, my dear friend, I must ask you to furnish me with a cigarette forthwith. Buck up, old chap. - I'm fine. - You are very far from fine. Oh, just go to her, will you? Go to her and, whatever either of you has done, take her in your arms and tell her all is forgiven. - What? No. - You love Agnes. What's more, you need her. Now more than ever. I beg of you, Hallam. If any two people were meant to be together, then you are they. For God's sake, will you mind your own damned business! (WOMAN LAUGHING) Sir Hallam, might I have a word? Spargo? What do you want? I thought you might've had a chance to reconsider. I think I made myself perfectly clear. You did, sir. But now things have changed a bit. What things? I need capital. I need a lump sum to get us started up. - Is this a joke? - No, sir. I need the money. And if you won't give it to me, I'll have to talk to Lady Agnes. About you and Lady Persie, that is. Just what exactly are you insinuating? Not insinuating anything, sir. What the two of you do in hotel rooms in the middle of the afternoon is your own business, but I doubt Lady Agnes will see it that way. - I should thrash you for that! - Yes. You probably should. If you think I am giving you a single penny... Oh, come on, sir! You love your wife, you love her, and you know what a scandal like this would do to your family. Your own sister-in-law. You have to admit, that is pretty low. What do you want? - 100 guineas. - You must be mad. - That's how much I need. - For now. 100 guineas. I go to America. And we never talk about it again. The choice is yours. You'll have your money. You'll have it. (BREATHING HEAVILY) Come with me, come with me. What? Harry, stop. - I've got the money. - What? 100 guineas. Enough to set us up with some to spare. - Well, how on earth... - It doesn't matter. I said I would, and I have. Because you can trust me, Bee. - I'm not going to let you down. - 100 guineas? So we're going to America? Things have turned rather ugly at the second floor buffet. I will be back presently. But perhaps when I return we could take that walk? He's one in a million, is our Mr Pritchard. He's certainly very capable. You know he delivered her ladyship's baby? Single-handed. Come from his time on the ambulances in the last war. Course, to my mind he really should've been off fighting with the rest of them. Not a lot to be gained by dwelling on the past now, is there? He's just lucky you're not one to hold it against him. It must have been the heat. One minute I was fine, the next... Yes, that's what it was, Mrs Thack. The heat. - I could always come back with you. - Oh, give over, Johnny. They don't want you being a giddy gooseberry. A wonderful event, Mr Pritchard. You must be very proud. So, shall we walk a little? Violet. These past few weeks have been amongst the happiest I have ever known. Indeed, my feelings for you have taken me quite by surprise. I have felt the same way. Warwick, I have to ask. When you said you worked on the ambulances during the war, I assumed you'd been found unfit, and I didn't wish to pry. Was that not the case? No, that wasn't the case. The truth is I chose to work on the ambulances as a matter of conscience. So you chose not to fight? I felt a strong moral compunction to oppose the use of violence against my fellow man. But what about your fellow countrymen? Those who were dying in their thousands. Did you not feel a moral compunction towards them? It was not an easy decision. Nor one I arrived at lightly. But I had to do what I believed in. You yourself have talked about the meaningless loss of life, all those young men you knew who never returned. I... I never said it was meaningless. Those boys were young and scared but they did their duty for the greater good. As my father said, the way to honour their sacrifice is never to think it wasn't worth it. We might not be here today if it wasn't for their bravery. But you... (SIGHS) I'm so sorry, Warwick. I feel I no longer know you. Violet, please. Nothing has changed. I'm afraid it has. You're not the man I thought you were. Persie, I need to talk to you. Guten Abend, Persie. Here you are. Excuse me. What on earth do you think you're doing? You can't sleep here. Move along there. Pritchard? (GROANING) Pritchard, are you quite well? (MUMBLES) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 