Upstairs Downstairs: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs Downstairs 
 s2e4 - All the Things You Are - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs Downstairs (2010–2012): Season 2, Episode 4 - All the Things You Are - full transcript 
 After Caspar Landry turns up to her charity lunch Lady Agnes visits his factory, and, when the hired mannequin fails to show, ends up modelling his stockings for an advertising campaign, to the annoyance of Sir Hallam. To impress Beryl, Harry enters the Belgravia servants boxing competition. However, the organizer is more taken by young Johnny's fighting skills, and the boy progresses to the amateur welterweight finals, but walks out after the promoter makes a pass at him. Harry takes his place and wins the title and the admiration of Beryl. Hallam brawls with Landry, who has come to watch the fight, and forbids his wife from seeing him. He is, however, more than happy to share a long kiss with her sister. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (TYPEWRITERS CLICKING) Happy Birthday. Here's your card. MRS THACKERAY: Happy Birthday, Johnny. - I made this myself. - Oh, thanks. Here, what's this? Come on. (LAUGHS) (STAMMERING) From the Ministry of Labour. Telling me that... Telling him to make himself available. - Available for what? - Military training. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 BERYL: "All men between the ages of 20 and 21." You have to train over the summer. It doesn't say when. You're going to be a soldier boy, Johnny. That means I'll get my own uniform and everything. Well, I don't expect they'll send you off to fight in your combinations. Signed by the Minister of Labour. Uh, PP somebody. Oi. #Jolly good luck to the girl who loves a soldier # Lady Manning's chauffeur got his letter last Thursday. Johnson. So maybe they're doing it alphabetical. The curse of war, Mrs Thackeray. Everyone uprooted without their say. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (ALL SINGING) #Jolly good luck to a girl who loves a soldier # Girls, have you been there? # - Want me to help you with that? - I can manage. What's the matter? Don't like me acting like a gentleman? Ah, is that what you were doing? It must have passed me by. Every time I try being friendly... Friends? Is that what you're after, is it? I was wondering, maybe tonight you would like to come to the pictures. Well, we're supposed to be going out for Johnny's birthday. Anyway, I'm not looking to take up with a chauffeur. Too grand, are you? I just want more than what I've got. We wouldn't suit each other. Two hundred more children arrive in Harwich next week and the costs continue to rise. I've organised another charity event. A coffee morning for the dowagers of Belgravia. Oh, Mrs Fuller will be delighted when I tell her. - Good evening, Hallam. - Evening. MR AMANJIT: I will be having tea with her and Lotte tomorrow. Darling, I've received this, The Pevensey Ball. It's addressed to Persie, you and me. I'm afraid Blanche is not included. What do you think we should do? We must refuse them, surely. Hallam? Are you listening? Hitler has made a pact with Mussolini. We're facing a whole new enemy and there's nothing I can do about it. Dear Lord. The war will spread down through the Mediterranean. Greece and the Balkans will be utterly defenceless. I'm afraid our social standing is not uppermost in my mind tonight. No, no, of course not. Talk to me if it helps. Please. I want to hear. I must go and change. I'm not really in the mood to discuss it. Here we are, then. Ports for the ladies. - Lemonades for Johnny, Eunice and I. - JOHNNY: Cheers. Do you want a seat beside me? Thank you, no. I'm content to stand. Oh, go on. We can all shuffle up. Sit on the end. - Happy birthday, Johnny. - Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Big adventure for you soon, young man. All the boys will be leaving 165. He's not going anywhere. - He's nice-looking. - So's a chocolate angel cake. I wouldn't take up with one, would I? ARTHUR: Here we are, ladies and gentlemen, the sporting event of the year in Kensington and Chelsea. The Belgravia Servants' Boxing Championship. This country needs good fighters. You could walk out of Wilson's Gym a proper hero. (CROWD APPLAUDS) Our first contender. Name down here, son. What you smiling for? I thought you'd be too high and mighty for this lark. I like a fellow with ambition, that's all. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) - Spargo. You wanted to see me. - Yes, sir. I wanted to ask your permission... The gym round the corner has this boxing league for servants. I wondered if I might take my evening off on Thursday. You're thinking of entering the ring? Yes, sir. I'm very busy at the Foreign Office. It's not exactly convenient. Let me speak to her ladyship. Thank you very much, sir. The Egyptians performed stick fighting as tribute to their pharaoh. To ward off his enemies. I beg your pardon? He'd be representing 165. You'd be the pharaoh. Doesn't that appeal to you? I told Spargo I'd discuss it with you. We should agree. It won't make very much difference. And, no doubt, if we refuse we'll be pursued by some servants' welfare group. Do the Girls' Friendly Society look after chauffeurs? Perhaps we could dine together this week. Just the two of us. I'll book Kettner's, shall I? You have so much on your mind and I'd really like to share it with you. Oh, blast. I'm sorry, darling, I've overlooked some papers. It'll keep until the morning, surely. Go to sleep. I'll wait up. I'll be another hour yet. Persie! Good grief. I just came to find my book. Sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you. May I? How are you? I haven't seen you in days. - I'm perfectly fine. - Are you sure? I broke a nail on that blasted bath tap. Other than that I've nothing much to complain about. I want... We all want you to spend more time with us. You want to be my saviour. The world's going to hell, but as long as you can save poor Persie. Don't tease me. Your coffee, sir. Pritchard, go to bed. Thank you, sir. I'll wait up, sir. Come on, move. Combination one, two, one, two. That's it. Keep the hands up. Move, move it, move. ARTHUR: 22. HARRY: Club champion. Bermondsey. ARTHUR: Under 16's. That would make you what now? 31. Again, come on. Take a look at these lads. You're old enough to be a father to most of them. - I've kept myself in shape. - I daresay. But you'll be going up against men who've twice your energy and speed. The poster said open to everyone. Then I'm for 165 Eaton Place. It's so good of you to raise money for the kinder transport. How nice to see so many faces. Darling Agnes, I love you for even trying. But there's half the number here that we expected. And those that have come are only here to gossip at my expense. Now, who is that? That American. Landry. LADY AGNES: He does a lot of charitable work. Don't stare. He'll think we're talking about him. Well, we are. And don't turn away quite so obviously. Agnes, dear. Whatever's the matter? If I didn't know you better I'd say you were sweet on him. Oh, stop it. Come along, I'll introduce you. You're very generous. Mr Landry? Would you like me to try darning them, my lady? I rather think they're beyond that. (KNOCKING) - Lady Agnes? - Mr Landry? Sorry. I'm not accustomed to knocking on ladies' bedrooms. I just wanted to leave you a little offering. They're on the doorknob. LADY AGNES: Mr Landry. Lady Agnes. Please tell me, do you usually go to parties with a pair of nylon stockings in your pocket? A sample. - I'm sorry? - My latest venture. I thought you were in pharmaceuticals. Is it hosiery now? Science in the service of beauty, Lady Agnes. You are modelling the latest Landry brand. Most comfortable, but I think it would be better if you didn't scrutinise them quite so hard. Yes, of course. It pleases me to see Lotte so well and happy. She's becoming a fine young lady. And fine young ladies need very fine scones and strawberry jam. I'll speak to him. We wish to order. There's a table in the back parlour. I'd be obliged if you would move. That table suits us perfectly. I'm afraid that table has been reserved for someone else. If it's reserved there ought to have been a sign. You do not wish us to sit together in plain view. I've told you already, the back parlour is fine. I think it would be better if we went elsewhere. The menu here is not to my liking. Did I see you in the park today? Yes. I thought it was you. Bit odd you didn't stop to say hello. Poor Hallam. You never know what to say to me when we're alone. I was just walking home from the Foreign Office. I happened to be passing the stables and... It's all right. I liked it that you came. Right, big smile now. I'm so sorry our excursion has been cut short. Next time... I don't think there can be a next time. I have duties. But you'll come and visit Lotte? I embarrassed you today. No, no, no. You're quite wrong. I saw that you were uncomfortable and wanted to spare you. I'm most proud for us to be seen together. What you have done for us all... You've been an inspiration. I do not wish to cause you further pain. We have worked hard to rescue these poor children from prejudice. You should draw strength from their plight. Lotte! Goodbye, Mrs Fuller. Come on, darling, let's go. Good girl. TEDDY: Oi, get him a chair, will you? He's gonna need to sit down between rounds. You're a cocky little so-and-so, ain't you?. (BELL RINGS) (MEN URGING ON FIGHT) Come on. Hit him. Dr Mottershead... I didn't want to miss out on this deliciously barbaric spectacle. Come on then, grandad. Give us your best shot, eh? Come on, Harry. Show your stuff. Hands up, hands up. One, two. Go on, Harry, hit him. Go on. Spargo! Come on, keep your guard up, man. You're gonna have to be quicker. - Right, that's enough. - No! Harry, get up. - That's it. You're done. - It's all over. You all right? You all right? Spargo. You have power in those fists, but you need more pace. He could read you. Dr Mottershead. I didn't know you fancied boxing. Ancient art. Although the people of the Nile took a two-foot bronze sword into the ring. It might be worth considering. All right, lads, we're done for tonight. Let's be having you all. You should stick to driving a car, mate. (GRUNTS) Go. Out! Go outside! The cheek of him. He had it coming, him! I'm not a complete no-hoper, you know. I used to be a junior boxing champion. Why did you give it up? My dad came back sick from the war, couldn't work because of his lungs so I had to get a job as a grocer's boy just to keep my family. So, no time for boxing. What's this? It's a powder compact. You can't go driving them round with your face in that state. I wanted to ask about the lad. He thinks you've got talent. Wants you to go in the ring. You fought before? In borstal I did, yeah. It's what you do to get on. I'd help you. Train you, if you want. I don't know... We'd be a great team. And we split the money between us, half each. What do you think? You'll be for King and Country soon. Why not make a start? (PEOPLE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) New order from Bentall's. Then at 2:00 I've a model coming over to take pictures for the advertising. Mr Landry... Lady Agnes Holland. It's not a social call. Quite the most durable stockings I've ever owned. (BELL RINGING) I'll take half a dozen. The role of women is about to change. They'll need clothes that will free them. Nylons are in the vanguard. You're fighting a cause, then? Me? No. I'm a businessman. I'm just riding the wave. But I like to think I listen to women's needs. - And what are those? - To be more than a companion. To make your own way. This is a fascinating place. Jews, Russians. Lenin held political meetings in Hoxton church, right around the corner. The East End is a haven. And you provide them work? I don't pretend to be a philanthropist, Lady Agnes. - Mr Landry. - But I love it here. Sir. Salt beef. Give it a try. Well, you've certainly shown me some new experiences. My first Landry nylons. Divine. And my first salt beef sandwich. Looks utterly delicious. May I have a knife? Fingers! Mr Landry? There is problem with the photographs. Ah, excuse me. What's the matter? The model did not turn up here. Did you telephone the agency? They couldn't reach her. Photographer is waiting, a whole crew for make-up. How would you feel about lending me your face? I'm sorry? What for? To put in 200 hosiery stores. Is that quite proper? No such word in my vocabulary. Don't mind, do you? Rearranging your veg. Don't mix up my packets and my perishables. BERYL: What's going on? We're making a punch bag. - Boxing training. - Oh, you idiot. - Not me. Johnny. - What? I'm going to train him. We've got big ambitions. You look divine. The question is do I make you want to buy stockings? Hello. How was your day? We've made progress, I think. The Admiralty are finally waking up to the threat from Mussolini. Italy in the war could mean a whole new front. Stanhope is coming to dinner. It's essential that we get our message home to him. I'm sorry, this must be very boring. No. I like listening. When you talk like that it makes me feel safe. Good evening, Aunt. I must make a telephone call, excuse me. Hallam really is a rock. No doubt he's gratified he has someone to support him. Agnes? Of course. PHOTOGRAPHER: Lean forward just a bit more. I've a table booked at Kettner's. Shame to let the image go to waste. It's too crowded in there. Let's get some air. I've never seen Kettner's so busy. - See how everyone stares? - At me or the nylons? Oh, the nylons, definitely. (MUSIC STARTS PLAYING) Our rumba. What a shame we missed it. Oh, I think there's enough light, don't you? BERYL: #Jolly good luck to the girl who loves a soldier # Girls, have you been there? # You know we military men #Always do our duty everywhere #Jolly good luck to the girl who loves a soldier... # (SOUND OF SOLDIERS MARCHING) - Thank you, Pritchard. - Very good, my lady. Hallam? Hallam, I must tell you about my day. Something truly extraordinary happened. Darling, I've organised a dinner for the Admiralty. Will you speak to Mrs Thackeray about the menu? Come on! You've got to work harder. Show them lot at Cadogan Place what you're made of! And again. Come here, come on. Use your feet and your body now. Good and again. Nice! Slick. That's it. Hold your feet, hold your feet. And flurry, go. Can we talk through some strategy before tonight? You're a keen one. (SIGHS) I just want to do well. Are you worried about the fight? You'll do great. Your technique's getting better. Any day they're gonna knock on my door and take me off to be a soldier. I thought you were looking forward to all that. I am. I was. It's just... I won't be fighting for £5. I'll be fighting for my life. You're scared. Yeah. Blimey. We'll talk it through before supper I'll make sure you're ready for anything. All right? Modelling nylons. Good Lord! It was a perfectly respectable affair. Does Hallam know? I haven't quite found the moment to tell him. But it's unlikely he's going to pop into the hosiery department. Agnes, I'm the last person to throw stones, but do you really think deceiving him is wise? But he might not like the idea. Might? He'll hate it, no question. (HALLAM SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) (WHISPERING) Oh, dear. This is agony. We must get you to your room. - But the luncheon... - I will assume the role of butler. I'm bound to observe my filial duties. I willingly invited her to live in my home. I just had no idea that she and Agnes would become such firm friends. I'll be the spanner, shall I? Prise them apart. Dr Mottershead. May I intrude? Yes, of course. Your Royal Highness. What a pleasure you should join us. Hallam tells me that you've become a boxing enthusiast. Give me a man stripped to the waist in prime condition and I can think of no better use for him than to see him knocked around a ring. Hmm. As it happens, I, too, am an amateur enthusiast. A moment's rest. And then I must get back. It's all in hand, Mr Pritchard. No need to be embarrassed. Napoleon had the same. Couldn't mount his horse at Waterloo. How very flattering to mention me in the same breath. Yes, nice. Go on, sharp, that's it. Sharp. Yes, that's it. Your Royal Highness. What an honour. Oh, please. Don't trouble yourself. We'll just sit here. Sometimes it's a welcome relief to go out without causing a stir. I know just what you mean. (BELL RINGING) Box! (PEOPLE CHEERING) One, two, three... - Well? - Indeed. ...five, six, seven... Here he is! Champion welterweight of the Servants Boxing League. He won it? He did better than that. He wiped the floor with him! First round. Fifteen seconds. Poor old Adolf doesn't know what he's up against. We showed that lot from Cadogan Place again! - Oh. I wish I'd been there, Johnny. - So do I. Their cook's a right pinched little woman. Always going on about her counter space. You said you liked a man with ambition. How's this? Training the champ. All right. All right what? All right, The Lady Vanishes. All right, two tickets in the stalls. And all right, some butterscotch. So now, it was agreed that tonight I would have a little sommelier rehearsal. The Admiralty dinner is in two days. Time enough to turn me into a worthy understudy. Mr Amanjit, this really is most kind. To tell you the truth, I'm glad of this opportunity. I understand. There's nothing worse than being made to feel you have no value. Hmm. So then, between us we will make a very fine butler. Your expertise combined with my labour. This could be the start of a whole new campaign. Aristocracy endorsing our products. I'm glad to think I've been of some little service. No, you don't understand. I want you again. Lady Agnes Holland, the face of Landry. There's a second shoot on the coast, tomorrow noon. I'm not sure my husband would be thrilled. Haven't you discussed it? It might be as well to. We've extended the campaign. (HONKING) Didn't you think for a second how it might affect me? - Your face in a billboard campaign? - Hallam, please... This is a time of national crisis and I have crucial issues to attend to. The whole diplomatic service will be gossiping about my wife and this idiotic spectacle! Plenty of people are doing it. Allowing their faces to be used for advertising. And I thought I might donate all the money to Blanche's fundraising. I suppose this was all his idea. "The Hangover King." You've only known him for five minutes, yet here you are cavorting around, selling yourself on his behalf. I've found something I enjoy. Couldn't you at least try to be pleased for me? - Did you know about this? - Yes, I did. And you never thought to tell me? Hallam, it's not my place to interfere in your life. It hadn't seemed to bother you until this moment. Can you bear it just for a moment to listen to a little bit of my advice? I know what it's like to lose a love. What you and Agnes have is precious, but she is drifting away from you and you have to do something to get her back. The photographer's ready for you. I can see why he's not exactly thrilled. You have a lot of new admirers, that's all. A husband should be proud. Englishmen tend not to see it that way. You are a puzzle, Mr Landry. Really? More at ease at a place like this than in a luxury hotel. My father arrived at Ellis Island penniless. And yet here you are, making nylons for duchesses. - Quite some journey. - (LAUGHS) Any man can achieve what he wants. What do you want from life? I'm not sure. I thought I knew. I miss the sea. It makes me feel like a girl again. The fog's rolling in. You can smell it in the air, can't you? How about swimming? I can buy us some bathing suits. Well, gentlemen. You have caused quite a stir. Mr Cardew at Cadogan Place has been in a sulk for days. Congratulations. You're a formidable pair. And now you have a chance for further glory, if you wish. Salmon again? Lady Agnes' orders. The Navy are all bound to eat fish. - What? - He's had an invitation... - An invitation to box again. - Where from? From His Royal Highness, the Duke of Kent. He sponsors the Amateur League. British Amateur Championships at Alexandra Palace! Oh, aren't men unbearable? Look, you and me, we might have to wait a while. I thought you wanted to take me out tonight. Well, can't we postpone it? This lad needs a lot of work. He's worried about becoming a soldier. I promised I would support him when I can. - They say the same. - What? Your watch, the carriage clock. They say the same. There's no point in looking at them both. She's forgotten. Mr Amanjit, there will be one less place at the table tonight. The hostess, alas, will not be present. Give me half an hour. I'm sorry? Those old bores from the Admiralty, they won't know one woman in a silk gown from another. (TELEPHONE RINGING) The Holland residence. Excuse me a moment. Who is it? It's Lady Agnes. Calling from the coast. I'll take it. LADY AGNES: Persie, I may be a little late. The roads are fogged in. Can you ask Hallam if he can delay? Hopefully I won't be too long. The plans have changed. What do you mean? Hallam says you don't need to be here. There's still no word from Agnes? MR AMANJIT: Please come. I thought my role in life was to be a hostess. Now it seems I no longer fulfil that function. Don't be downhearted. Let's make a night of it. The Coastguard says the fog is getting worse. We can stay here at the hotel. I'll see if they have rooms. If that's proper. There's no such word in my book. STANHOPE: Ciano's an aristocrat, not a Fascist. He thinks political power means getting a good restaurant table. BLANCHE: The Pact of Steel is real though, surely? Between them these countries will drive a stake through the heart of Europe. I'm afraid I don't share your concerns. Italy is not a serious military presence. 5,000 miles of coastline. Hitler will use her as a gateway to the Balkans. Even so... The Pact will make the war spread southwards. Libya. Egypt. But those countries are not our concern. We can't be expected to plan our defences based on what will happen half way around the world. Let's confine ourselves to European problems. Mr Amanjit, what is your opinion? How will the colonies and India fare? I'm not about to plan British foreign policy around what a servant thinks. What Stanhope said was foolish! The war could spill into every continent. It's not easy to bite your tongue when you witness stupidity. A butler hears nothing. I don't understand. How do you allow yourself to be robbed of your opinions? I am a servant, but before that I'm a man. Then you have no place downstairs. # Hello, hello Who's your lady friend? # Who's the little girlie by your side? # I've seen you with a girl or two # Oh, oh, oh, I am surprised at you # Hello, hello Stop your little game # Don't you think your ways you ought to mend? # That wasn't the girl I saw you with at Brighton... # - What are you doing? - I'm taking you home. - But I thought... - Agnes, please forgive me. It was my mistake. A woman's reputation is sacred. It's certainly not for me to dally with. You think Hallam's right. You think our acquaintance has all been a terrible mistake. I hold you in too much regard to see you throw your reputation away. Mr Amanjit, I'm truly sorry for the way you were treated tonight. You owe me no apology, Dr Mottershead. We're both outsiders, you and I. I suppose there is some comfort, perhaps in knowing we are not alone. And just look what two misfits can achieve together. Mr Amanjit, you dropped something. SIR HALLAM: You missed the dinner. I thought you didn't mind. You weren't concerned for my welfare. Just concerned there was a gap at your table tonight. You're infatuated with him. Don't be absurd. He's a friend. Friend or not, I forbid you to see him again. What could you possibly gain from this... alliance? He's the sort of man who wouldn't forbid me anything. He's a tradesman. Agnes wouldn't seriously... I don't believe anything has actually happened between them. It's just infatuation, I suppose. I'm never there. And he seems to lead her on one long adventure. Is it simply an adventure? What do you mean? Dear chap, it's my duty to say the things you don't really want to hear. Yours has always been the perfect marriage and it pains me to see cracks appearing. You must reach out to her. She's drifting away from you. You're the second person to tell me that in as many days. Then it's time you started to believe it. Go and kiss your children goodnight. And ask yourself if your life isn't very rich with Agnes. I'll see you for the boxing, tonight. We need to hurry if we're going to catch the bus. Hold on one moment. I'm coming, too. I'm not missing this. Mr Amanjit, shall we perhaps sit together? Enjoy an evening, as men. Let me see... Ready? Good luck tonight. I didn't start with this for Johnny, you know. No. I know. (KNOCKING) John. I have come to wish you luck. That's very kind of you, Your Royal Highness. You're Holland's chap? - Yes, sir. - Delighted to have you here. We're all very excited. Chop, chop, chop! Oh, do excuse us. Proude? Yes, sir. There's quite a crowd out there, to cheer you on. All my house have come, sir. Eunice, Beryl and Mr Pritchard. And... Well, everyone. You're quite the star with the Lords and Ladies, too, I'll bet. Don't let them down. I'll do my best to entertain them. Will you? Entertain? Yes, of course, sir. Some of the lads are quite obliging. Glad to know you are, too. Johnny Proude. Let's see you entertain, then. You show me what you can do. (GROANS) - What's going on? - You know what's going on! Apparently I'm here to put on a show. Johnny, what's this about? Your fight's on any moment! Johnny! (DOOR SLAMS) (PEOPLE CHEERING) What's he doing here? Sir Hallam, Lady Agnes. What a pleasure to see you. Leave us alone, Landry. You've done quite enough damage to my family's reputation already. Hallam, please. You've been selling my wife. You expect me to welcome you as a friend when you've debased her? You think Lady Agnes feels debased? Maybe you don't know her quite as well as you think. LADY AGNES: For God's sake, stop it! (PEOPLE MURMURING INDISTINCTLY) Is that what you had in mind all along? A battle for your honour? Relieve the boredom? What I had in mind was you acting like a gentleman, not some jealous adolescent! And don't follow! MAN: Go on, son. That's it. Ladies and gentlemen, for the next bout the British Amateur welterweight final! (CROWD CHEERING) To my left, Micky Flanagan! To my right his opponent... MAN: Johnny Proude replaced by Harry Spargo. His opponent, Harry Spargo! (CROWD MURMURING) (CROWD CHEERING) What's he doing? Where's Johnny? (BREATHING HEAVILY) (GRUNTS) One, two, three, four, five... Harry! ...nine, ten! The winner of the British Amateur welterweight final. From 165 Eaton Place, Harold Spargo! Shh, go to sleep. Sleep now, darling. (BABY GURGLING) Johnny, what happened to you? There was a man at the Palace. I hit him. They're gonna send me back to borstal. - What? - He offered me money. To do stuff. One of those nancy boys, you know. What's to smile about? I think he'll want to keep that quiet. Come on. Will that hurt? What do you mean? When I kiss you. Hallam telephoned one or two editors. Managed to square things with the papers. Brawling in a public place. Not fitting. Not proper. I can never see you again. There are things that are dearer to you. I know. I understand. And I admire you more than ever. Goodbye, Agnes. Goodbye, Caspar. It's your fault. You've encouraged her. You won't admit to yourself that she's changed. Ever since you came here my marriage has suffered. How convenient to have someone else to blame. I'd be obliged if you would move out as soon as possible. Agnes not here? She's gone to see Landry. You insisted? She's stronger than I am. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 