Hinterland: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hinterland 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hinterland (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 DCI Mathias investigates the murder of a local bus driver while being investigated himself for his emotional fitness to perform his duties. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You can't turn up out of the blue and demand to see me, Meg! You think I wanted to come? I dunno, but you should've told me! You wouldn't have answered! You never answered MY calls! We agreed not to speak. That was 10 months ago. I just wanted to know that you and Hannah were OK! I'm sorry! Don't touch me! You look terrible. I know. Did you have to live in a place like this? It's what I needed. So you can feel sorry for yourself? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, stop it, Meg. Staring at her picture won't bring her back, Tom. It's all I've got. So what do you think Hannah has and I have, every day in a city you ran away from, because you can't live with your own guilt? DCI Mathias was attempting to gain the trust of Mari Davies and coax her away from the edge right up until she jumped. What was your impression of DCI Mathias' state of mind? Detectives are under a lot of pressure these days, everyone wants results, especially when there's a child in the morgue. DCI Mathias was fine. His usual self? He was professional throughout the incident. Well, I suppose he was arrested. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He'd just come back from a leave of absence, isn't that right? For six weeks? What was the reason for that? It was a personal matter. I-I couldn't speculate on that. But you could draw conclusions based on his state of mind before he took that leave of absence? I thought this was to do with Mari Davies? You started as lead investigator on the Mari Davies case, but you were replaced by DCI Mathias. Why? That's not a question I can answer. Were you doing a good job? I was investigating the case to the best of my ability. You couldn't have been very happy, then, when DCI Mathias took over the case? I did what was asked of me. You're two hours late! I'm sorry, sir, I should've phoned. It's not good enough! Now get in there and tread very carefully! DCI Mathias? Mari Davies' body was discovered at the foot of the cliffs with multiple injuries. It was impossible to differentiate between injuries sustained in the fall and injuries sustained before. Dyfan Richard - he tried to slit his wrists as you took him into custody, isn't that right? What's the connection? Bruises to the base of the throat, consistent with manual strangulation. You were alone with Mr Richard for some time before the attempted suicide, were you not? Have you spoken to him? Of course I have. And has an allegation been made? We're detectives, aren't we? We look for patterns. Patterns that point us towards guilt. Patterns that stretch all the way back to London. This has got nothing to do with London. DS Owens? There's a reprimand on your file... HE SHUFFLES PAPERS ..from your time at The Met. Correct? Yeah, most officers have one or two. You physically attacked a suspect during questioning a teacher arrested on suspicion of sexual abuse of a minor. Yeah. I remember. You admit that you attacked him? The facts are all in your file. Less than a month after your daughter's death? DI Rhys says that you spoke to Mari Davies out of personal experience, that you even mentioned the death of your own daughter? You implied that you felt some level of responsibility for your daughter's death? I don't see what that has to do with this. It's a pattern! The part of allowing your emotions to overwhelm your professional judgment. My emotions have never overwhelmed... A pattern of anger issue. Confusion... You have no right to mention my daughter! Excuse me? Sorry, sir. There's been a shooting, sir. Interview suspended. When did you and Carl get married? Three years last month. We met in Cardiff, at this club. His mates worked the doors. And what did Carl do? He was just out of the army. Discharged on medical grounds. Why? He was home on leave. Some drunk driver ran into him, smashed up his knee and did his career! That must've been hard for him. Was Carl from this area? Do you have any family living locally? He grew up around here. But his dad died young. And his mam remarried and moved away... VOICE CRACKS, SHE SOBS He loved it here, though! Good place to bring up kids. He never thought what the hell he was going to do for work. With his leg the way it was, it was hard for him. He worked in the pub for a bit. But it didn't work out. Then the bus routes came up. Answer to his prayers. Steady work. Until the boss, Endaf, cut down his hours to four days a week and then three. Was Carl angry with Endaf for doing that? My husband was in no shape to pick a fight with anyone! Endaf Jones? Do you know where he is? Tell us about Carl Probert. The passengers liked him. He'd chat to the old ladies. He helped people with their shopping. These buses, they're like social centres on wheels - help to connect people. We're investigating a theory that it might've been a robbery. Would he have had a lot of money on that bus? Oh... That route was losing money hand over fist. I'd have dropped it, but the council insisted. If you want the lucrative routes, you have to take the zombie ones as well. Zombie ones? Zombie routes. Dead on their feet? We're going to need the names of everyone who works here. That'll be a short list. The bus left harbour at 7.15. There were a few passengers on board, but no-one remembers how many. The bus was due back at the depot at 9.20, but didn't show up. At 10.30, it was reported missing. We sent out a patrol car and found the bus about 12. So we have a timeframe for the killing? Yup. What about the gun? Nothing back from ballistics yet, sir. Chase 'em up. So the gunman gets on the bus and waits until the bus is empty, he produces a weapon and forces the driver, Probert, off the road. What happens then? Does he force Probert off the bus? Yeah, and shoots him like an animal. Then this was personal. What else do we know? What about the bus company? A shoestring operation. Endaf Jones was fined in 2011 for using red diesel in his bus fleet. According to company accounts from last year, he's barely breaking even. Oh, there's no financial angle here. There's no benefit from the death of an employee. I checked the bus company employees. The drivers are clean. But there's a mechanic, does maintenance the buses - John Bell. He is ex-army. Ex-army? The same regiment as Carl Probert? No, sir. But there's something else. Bell served five of a seven-year sentence for manslaughter. Do we know where he lives? Um... Er, yeah. Good. Are we good? I was disappointed things got a little heated with the IPCC. Just a frank exchange of views, sir. It'll do nothing to help your cause. What's the priority? Solving this case? Or holding the IPCC's hand? Do we have any leads? We're working on them. Get to it, then! This is Bryn Hyfryd, right? Yeah. We're looking for John Bell. What for? Is he here? John Bell? I got to Endaf's about 7. The engine on one of the buses was cutting out. It's my job to keep them on the road. This was my uncle's place. The house was falling apart when I first came here. What about you? What about me? Three tours in Afghanistan. Five years in prison. I got into a fight in a pub. Threw a punch and a man was dead. And when you were released from prison, you came here? Well, I... I had no choice. And it suited me. And your friend? The boy had a tough start in life. His parents were junkies, he went the same way, ended up in jail. I helped him keep off the drugs, told him to come here when he was released. Nobody was more surprised than me when he did. Well, I'd live here. And you and your friend, you're... You're still cellmates... of a sort? The door's open this time. Just neither of us want to walk through it. Can you think of a reason why anyone would want to kill Carl Probert? None of my business. You worked with the man! You must have an opinion. I don't want to get involved. Carl Probert was executed in broad daylight. If you know something, then... ..tell us. Probert was dealing in drugs. Meg? 'Where are you?' I thought we were going to talk? I'm in the middle of a case, Meg. I'm not going to wait forever. Tomorrow night, at the hotel? Be there! Sorry to disturb you. We won't keep you long. We've just got a few more questions. How well do you know your husband, Mrs Probert? Sorry? Do you mind if I take a look around? Abby's asleep. That's all right, I'll be quiet. 'You said earlier that your husband 'only worked three days a week on the bus? 'How did you make ends meet? 'We managed. 'Every day, after he'd done his route, he'd come home to bath Abby. 'So I could have half an hour to myself before cooking dinner. 'She keeps saying, "Daddy." 'Even she knows he should be home by now. 'Sounds like he was a good father. 'He doted on her. 'He was an ordinary bloke, trying to get by. 'Why would anyone want to hurt him?' Mrs Probert? Did you know that Carl was dealing drugs? He bathed our baby girl in there! He'd never have had drugs around her! He loved her! He loved me! What about people visiting the house? Or phoning for Carl? Carl didn't have a lot of friends. I asked him if he wanted to go to the pub and stuff and he said no. He had everything he needed here! We have access to your bank account. The money Carl was earning wasn't enough to cover your outgoings. The rent, the bills - over the last couple of months, you've been paying those over-the-counter with cash. Now, that cash didn't come from your bank account. Kelsey? Just help us, talk to us, tell us what you know. I thought it was his compensation! From the accident! No. That ran out over a year ago. Are you sure about that? Yes, I'm sure! You'd think I'd have stayed with him if I knew?! Carl Probert had friends in Cardiff who are nightclub doormen. Doormen always know who the dealers are, don't they? Do they? What I'm saying is he could've got them to make connections for him. And the bus route would be good cover. Pick up the drugs from town, sell them off the bus. He'd have no shortage of customers. Kids from the area arrested for possession, and these are just the ones who got caught. Well, let's talk to Endaf Jones again. You think he was involved? He has bus routes all around the county and we know that he needs the money. When am I getting my bus back? I've got a business to run here! Did you know that Carl Probert was selling drugs along the route? What? This business isn't in the best of financial health, is it, Mr Jones? Meaning? The conviction for using untaxed red diesel in your bus fleet? That was an honest mistake! You have routes all over Ceredigion! Oh... oh, no. Oh, no, you're not going to pin that one on me. It's perfect for selling and dealing drugs. I bet this isn't the first time you broke the law to keep this company going. Look, do you want to search the place? I give you my permission any time - office, depot, garage - but I'll tell you one thing, if these allegations affect my business, I'm going to sue you right to the ground! Lloyd? Geraint Hopkins - 18-year-old schoolboy, took drugs at a party last June, went into a coma. Toxicology said ecstasy, comparable to the pills Carl Probert was selling. He lives in Ynys Wen, went to sixth form in town. So, if he travelled by bus, he would've known Carl Probert? Mr Hopkins? Come in! Door's open, I'm in the back. Good. Good. See? Can I help you? Sorry to disturb you. DI Rhys. DCI Mathias. Everything all right? We were hoping to speak to you and your wife. Mr Hopkins, is your wife around? Mrs Hopkins? Hi, I'm DCI Mathias. I'd like to talk to you about your son Geraint. And nobody at the party admitted to giving him the drugs? No. Dion, his brother, was meant to go to university, but after what happened, he couldn't leave us. Looking after Geraint is hard. And we've got Morgan to think about. He's only 16. Is he still at school? Yes. Does Morgan ever get the bus? Dion takes him in every morning and brings him home almost every day. Works around his shifts. Sorry to drag you from your work. That's OK. We're investigating the murder of Carl Probert. Did you know him? Not personally, no. I know he drove buses. Did you know he dealt drugs? I've heard rumours. The drugs Geraint took at the party - could they have come from him, do you think? What difference does it make? It's not going to change what happened to him! Where were you yesterday morning between 7 and 12? Here, working. Any witnesses? Everyone who was here yesterday. Go wait in the van, I'll be there now. It's Morgan, isn't it? Can I go? Yeah. Yeah? 'It's Bell, sir. He's turned up and won't leave until he sees you.' 'Sir? What shall I tell him, sir?' Tell him to wait there. 'It's me.' You're not coming, are you? I'm sorry, Meg. How many times, Tom? I really am trying, Meg. So am I. Where did you find this? No, you pig! I haven't done anything wrong! Ah, OK, OK, OK. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah. You went into town every two weeks to pick up your benefits on Carl Probert's bus, so you knew he had cash and drugs on the bus. You knew who got on the bus and when the bus was empty. You knew he was dealing! You knew he had drugs on the bus. You saw your opportunity and you took it. No. You killed Carl Probert. No. I think you did. And do you know what that means? Prison. Again. It doesn't look too good for you, does it? And Bell won't be there this time to look after you. I didn't kill Carl Probert. No, but you were helping him sell the drugs, weren't you? No. How do you explain that? We know that these drugs come from the same batch that Carl Probert bought. You can't prove they're mine. No, we can't. You're right. But we know somebody who can. Someone you know very well. Someone who tried to help you, and you let him down! He wouldn't do that to me. You sure about that? How did we get hold of them, then?! Probert used to sell from the bus. He wanted more customers. Yeah? Yeah. So I'd go into town and sell from there, the sixth form, the uni. I looked more like a student than he did. And Probert, he paid you in pills? Pills, hash. Did you ever sell drugs to Gary Hopkins? Did you ever sell drugs to this boy? I can't remember. But you did sell drugs to schoolkids? Yeah, I needed the money. This boy was a coma. You ruined his life. Do we charge him? Yeah. We charge him to court. 'You have two new messages.' 'Every morning, I go into Hannah's bedroom. 'And I find her crying there. 'When I hold her... '..it feels like she's not really there. 'She needs you there, Tom. 'And she misses you. 'You are invisible to her, Tom. 'That's why we've got to go.' DCI Mathias? I see you're making excellent progress already. 'I'm taking her to Canada. 'And we're not coming back.' DCI Mathias? Perhaps DI Rhys should take over as lead detective on this case. I see you're making excellent progress already. I'm sure she can finish up for you. 'And we're not coming back.' You will not destroy me! Sorry. I'm sorry. Sir? Ballistics got back to us. The report says the weapon used to kill Carl Probert was a captive bolt gun, normally used to slaughter animals. What's more, the weapon matches the description of a gun reported missing from a local abattoir three weeks ago. Sir? Do we have an address? Garw Meats. Yes, sir. Well done, DS Owens. Why would I steal a bolt gun? Well, somebody did. It came from here. Somebody used that bolt gun to brutally murder Carl Probert on Tuesday morning. That was nothing to do with me. Ask anyone. I was here all day. I know, you said. It's no skin off your nose, though, is it? Carl Probert destroys your brother's life. Now that he's dead, happy days. What about Gary Pearce? Who? Do you know him? No. Are you sure? Yeah. That's all, then, isn't it? For now. Does the name Dion Hopkins mean anything to you? No. Are you sure? Pearce has never mentioned him? No. Why? Pearce ever work in the abattoir in town? No. Does he have a friend who does? He doesn't have any friends. You're all he's got. Just trying to help him, that's all. Then you should know that he's just been released. Why? Bailed by the magistrates, the Crown Court. Why didn't the CCTV work on Probert's bus? Doesn't work on this one, either. It hasn't worked for months. We're attending to it. Got any good news to give me, then? I'm trying to work out who killed one of your employees, Mr Jones. If I'd have known he was dealing drugs on my bus, I'd have done it myself. Worst thing I ever did was take him on. That's Probert's work. He upset some bugger. Bus ended up in a ditch. Upset who? According to Endaf Jones's insurance records, six weeks ago, a bus that was driven by Carl Probert was forced off the road by a silver car. There's a witness statement saying that the driver got out of the car and shouted abuse at Probert before driving away. Did you get a registration for the car? No, but we've got a description of the driver - a middle-aged man, grey-haired. One more thing - according to a witness, there was a wheelchair on the back-seat. I started watching him. Probert? There were rumours. Of drugs, drug dealing. I had to know. I followed the bus. I saw him handing something to some kids. They couldn't have been more than 14. Why didn't you go to the police? I wanted to be sure. What happened? I lost it. Tried to run the bus off the road. I wasn't thinking straight. The bus went into the ditch. Next thing I know, I'm standing in the middle of the road, screaming at him. He looked back at me and he didn't say a word. That's when I knew it must have been him. Where were you the morning that Carl Probert was killed? Here, where I always am, with Geraint. Can you verify that? I had nothing to with Carl Probert's death. Why didn't you tell me? I couldn't. I didn't want to hurt you. You knew who he was. The man that did this to our son. You let him go. You did nothing. How could you? If I'd have told you, you'd have known where the drugs came from and you'd have blamed yourself. You were the one that told the boys to catch the bus to school. "To make them independent", you said. If you had known that Probert had given him the drugs, you wouldn't be able to live with yourself. You can't even bear to be in the same room as him. That's not true. It is, Judith, it is! Stop it! The two of you, please. You know, Morgan, what happened to Geraint, it's hard. It's hard for everyone. My father is weak. I can't stand him being so weak, doing nothing. He looks after Geraint. What's the point? He would never have wanted to live like this. They should have let him die. You don't mean that. You have no idea. Did your husband ever mention Philip Hopkins? Why? Was he the man who killed Carl? He's not a suspect at the moment, but six weeks ago, he was involved in an incident with your husband. He forced Carl's bus off the road. Did he ever mention it? He just told me that he'd had an argument with some lunatic on the road. He didn't tell you what it was about? No - why? Philip Hopkins's son, Geraint, took drugs at a party and ended up in a coma. He's now got brain damage. Those drugs, we believe, were supplied by your husband. Geraint was just 18 years old - still at school. How could he do this? I trusted him. I loved him. Is that why Carl was killed? Because he was selling drugs to schoolkids? That is what we are trying to establish. He's ruined everything. How am I going to tell Abi who her father really was? That poor boy. None of this is your fault. It's somebody's fault. Dion Hopkins had every reason to kill Carl Probert. Is it too much of a coincidence that he works in the very place that the murder weapon was stolen? But he has a cast-iron alibi. Who pulled the trigger, then? Tom! My office, now. This stops now. What does? This attitude. Unless you sort yourself out and start treating the IPCC and everyone around you with respect, you're going to be finished - career over. That's not fair, Sir. Shut up! Get this case solved without any more cock-ups, and once you've done that, get in front of the IPCC and start co-operating with them. Now, get out. DI Rhys? Hello, Endaf. What? He's there with Bell now? Don't approach him, Endaf. We are on our way. We need to go. Now. Come on. You said I had a home! I don't want a druggie under my roof. Once, I screwed up once! You sold drugs to children. What else was I supposed to do? You said you'd help me. That's what we agreed on. You broke the rules. That's enough. You want me to live by your rules, but you can't live by them yourself. My house. I say who stays there, and you're out. Right, come on. Let's go, come on. At least I haven't murdered anybody. Who is it who wakes up screaming every night? Who can still smell those children burning in that cellar? Shut up. That's enough! You murdered women and children! That's enough. John... Please, don't...! John! That's bloody enough! Don't do it, John, please, please... John! John! Don't listen to them. Do it. Go on. Go on. Come on... Come on, John. Come on! You better take me in, before I hurt anyone else. I killed Carl Probert. Now, arrest me. Endaf Jones confirms that Bell was working the day that Probert was murdered. So do we charge him for wasting police time? No. We let him go. I always thought that one day I would come back to you. That I could be the man that I once was. That I could be the father that Hannah needs. We could be a family. Not a day has gone by where I haven't thought about you or Hannah. I can only hope that you... Were mending ourselves, too? It's a good thought, Tom. But we're not. Our life is frozen. It's killing us. London is finished, we can't wait for you any more. We have to move on for Hannah's sake. Canada gives us the chance to start again. Hannah needs her father. Yes, she does. But not like this. I won't let her see you torturing yourself like this. What she needs is her old father back, Tom. She knows you love her. And maybe... ..in time, you can come and visit. But we can't wait for you. I love you, Meg. And I love you. But we have no choice. You haven't come back just to tell me that, have you? I want a divorce. Bell. Mm-hm. Sometimes the things inside you can become too dangerous if you don't control them. Anger, grief, fear. Things that can poison people around you. Is that what you do? Quarantine myself? Get to a place away from everyone... ..before anyone gets hurt. I never remember how it started. Maybe it was him, maybe he was spoiling for a fight. I know I was. The anger builds up inside you, all the time you don't react, all the time you keep it in. Just makes it worse. Who was he? He was just a bloke in a bar. Didn't even mean to hit him that hard. What happened, happened. I served my time. All those nights in that cell staring at the ceiling and thinking, "I will never let this happen again." Is that where you met him? Yeah. I thought I could help him. And this... ..this anger. Was it always there? There was this village in Afghanistan. We had photographs, insurgents to search for. The women screaming and the children crying. Searches are usually a wash out but this time the enemy was actually there. The problem was... ..they'd stored their munitions in the cellar and sent the women and children down there to shelter too. So as soon as someone fired a round... It doesn't need to be your fault to break you. You just need to be there. How do you live with something like that? This is what I do. I put everything in the hands of fate. Blind chance. GUN CYLINDER SPINS If the gun goes off... ..well, then it's done. But if it doesn't, then fate has decided that you live through this. That you make it work. You deal with the stress and the pain. That you live. Fate's decided. Elen. I was just telling DCI Mathias how much you enjoy your early morning walk. Yeah. Well, I'll leave you to it. This must be important. I'm not fit to do this job any more, sir. I've lost my way. I've lost perspective. Maybe I didn't have any in the first place. I drag my personal life into every case that I investigate. People get hurt. What I said to Mari Davies, I was only trying to help. It's the worst thing that I could've said, I just didn't see it at the time. Gwen... Oh, God, she died because of me. You had to make some difficult decisions in the heat of the moment. Sometimes things go wrong. No, no, no. I can't do this any more! I want to resign. We all carry the weight of something. Some choose to ignore it, others use it to get things done. I just put a gun to my head! My advice to you is get back on the case and find out who Carl Probert's killer is. Are you listening to me, sir? I'm not accepting your resignation. Yep. 'Tom, where are you?' I'm on my way in. What is it? 'Me and DS Owens are headed to Garw Meats.' 'Tom? 'We'll meet you there.' Confirmation from the school, sir. Morgan Hopkins was not at school on the morning of Carl Probert's murder. What? Motive, access, no alibi. DI Rhys is on her way to the Hopkins' house. MOBILE PHONE RINGS Yeah? Morgan and Dion Hopkins have disappeared. Evidence on Morgan's phone suggests they've gone after Pearce. 'He could be anywhere.' No, I think I know where he is. I want all units up at Brynhyfryd. Get on to the armed response units. The suspects are armed and potentially dangerous. You don't have to do this. Shut up. You pull that trigger... and it all ends. He killed my brother. No... Lies! Probert told me, don't bullshit to me! You killed Probert? What's your name? Don't talk to me. Do you think pulling that trigger will make you feel better? The first one is the easy one cos you don't know what to expect. It's the second one that will haunt you. That's the one you'll never escape. Morgan! Where are you? Put it down, Morgan. Killing him's not going to make Geraint better. It was him that did it. It was him and Probert that sold the drugs to Geraint. No. Shut up, you just didn't have the balls to do anything about it. You're wrong. No! No, Probert told me it was him. It wasn't him. It wasn't Probert, it wasn't Pearce. It was me. It was me. I gave Geraint the drugs. I don't believe you. It's the truth. But something went wrong. And every day I go over and over it in my head. Why Geraint? Why not me? I wanted to tell you. I just couldn't. I didn't have the guts. Bastard! Hello? For what it's worth, Tom... ..I told the IPCC the truth. I wouldn't have expected anything less. If I have been hostile or uncooperative to this investigation then I apologise. There have been times when I've allowed my personal problems to cloud my professional judgment. I have taken risks. But I've also saved lives. I've solved cases. And for that I'm not ashamed. Hi. Hi. I'm sorry, Tom. I have no choice. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 