Hinterland: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hinterland 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hinterland (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 A solicitor is found murdered. There is hostility in the community towards Daniel Protheroe. Mathias needs to find him before the vigilantes. Mathias knows that the relationship between the daughter of the gang's leader and Daniel is key. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What is it? I'm on my way. The victim's name is Owen Beynon, lawyer. The housekeeper found him this morning. You all right? Where were you? Out, killing myself. Running. How long have you worked for Mr Beynon? 16 years. I look after the house when he's in London. That's where he works. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I do the laundry here for him. He was just lying there... on the floor. How often does he come back? He came when he could. This place... ..meant a lot to him. Yes. Were you expecting him back? Not until the weekend. He must have arrived late last night, I didn't hear anything. He never married? I never asked him about his private life - it wasn't my business to. Did he ever bring anyone back to the house? No. Who's this? Lewis, my son. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Does he live here? When it suits him. Where's he now? Working...over at the church - renovations. I'll need to speak to him. Owen Beynon was on the 16.43 from Euston, London. He arrived into Aber at 21.25, caught a taxi from the station, was dropped off at the gate. Alone? According to the taxi driver, Mr Beynon showed no sign of concern or agitation. So, the victim arrives home late, pours himself a whisky and goes to bed. Some time later, he was woken by an intruder. Do we have a list of what was taken from the house? We searched the house, we searched the grounds - as far as we can tell, a pair of antique shotguns - nothing else, sir. Get on to local gun dealers, see if anyone's been approached. What else do we know about Owen Beynon? We've spoken to the victim's sister, she hadn't spoken to Owen in over a year. What about neighbours, associates? Glyn Powell, neighbouring farmer, he did some odd jobs around the estate for some extra cash. So, he has access? Yeah. Do we have an address? Home and work. The Beynons were a big noise in the county - Owen and his sister were the last of them. You knew him, sir? Our paths crossed a few times. His family was well respected. What about Owen? His death won't go unnoticed. Glyn Powell, we should talk to him. I know you're under a lot of pressure, Tom. If there's anything I can do to help... Thank you. Vermin, game keepers do it, they shoot them and then hang them up as a warning to poachers. What is it, Lloyd? The missing guns, they're vintage Purdeys. They were recently valued, sir, by local antiques dealer Huw Griffiths. For how much? 80,000, sir. Whoever stole the guns knew what they were worth, knew what they were looking for. Can I help you? Mr Griffiths? Yes. How well do you know Mr Beynon? I did some business for him. I knew what he liked and I knew when to put a call in. When did you last see him? Oh, six months ago. When you valued the guns? The Purdeys, yes. Lovely-looking things. Expensive, too. Yes, well, depends who's buying. We'll need a list of employees, brokers, drivers - anyone who might have come into contact with Mr Beynon. Anyone who would have known about the guns. Of course. It's a man trap. These were used right up until the 19th century. Not lovely, as you can see. There's always a market for the curious and the specialist. Mr Powell. You're a hard man to find. I do my best. Do you know why we're here? It's not the news you want, is it? Did you know Mr Beynon well? Of course I did. I've known the family for years. I've lived in this valley all my life. Were you and Mr Beynon friends? I wouldn't go as far as that. I did a few jobs for him. We used to say hello to each other and then mind our own business. Foxes, they can't through the fence, so they dig underneath it. They're like bloody rats! Where were you last night, Mr Powell? At home with my wife and daughter. Esyllt said some shotguns have gone missing. That's right. Do you have any idea who might be responsible? I have an opinion. Whether you want to listen or not, well, that's up to you. Oh, we'd be very keen to listen to it, Mr Powell. Daniel Protheroe...you should have a word with him. He's been a thorn in the side of this place for years, stealing, poaching, running wild. He lives at the top of the mountain there with his mother - she's not better...never puts a curb on him. You know a lot about him, Mr Powell. I should... My wife, Bethan, was the midwife, she brought him into this world - worst thing she ever did. Foxes, rats, predators... ..if you don't look after your own, they'll come back and take, take, take! Nora Protheroe, the boy's mother, drugs caution, 1996, possession of marijuana. Shoplifting charge the following year, given a few warnings and that was it, sir. What about Daniel? Plenty of complaints, prowling about people's property, poaching, stealing. Was Owen Beynon one of the complainants? No. See what else you can find out. We're on the way to Daniel's house now. Hello! Nora Protheroe is an epileptic. She was in her late 30s, Social Services confirm she was on their "at-risk" register up until 18 years ago when she had her son. She dropped off the radar after that. I can't find any documents. Nothing official, no social security details, bills, birth certificates. No record of Daniel existing. The electricity was cut off about a year ago. Why would anybody live like this? We need cause and time of death, as quickly as possible. I've issued an alert to the public concerning Daniel Protheroe. Is that wise, sir? We've no proof that he's involved with the Beynon case. You've no proof that he isn't, either. With respect, sir, I should be consulted before those kind of decisions are made. And until you or the IPCC tell me otherwise, this is my investigation. Let me be the judge of that. Daniel?! Daniel, stop! Stop! Get off me! Who are you? What are you doing here? I heard about Daniel's mother. You know Daniel? Where is he? Branwen Powell, Glyn Powell's daughter. I'll take her home. She just locks herself in her room and shuts the world out. Is it true... ..Nora Protheroe? You delivered her baby? Yes. What was Nora like? She was troubled. Nora had a tough upbringing... ..but having the baby seemed to settle her. And after that? Nobody saw her. She never left the house? What about Daniel? What about him? How well does he know Branwen? What is it? Bethan... ..I really need you to help me. My daughter is headstrong, like her father. She doesn't always do what's best for herself. Meaning what? Daniel's got a hold on her. In what way? In the way that men do, sometimes. DS Owens. Yeah. I warned you about that boy! You forgot to mention that your daughter and Daniel were friends, Mr Powell. There's no friendship, it's finished! Sir, there's been a possible sighting of Daniel Protheroe. You took your time. That's the third time I'm going to have to replace that. It's hard enough making a living up here without all this nonsense! The till? Never went near it. Batteries he wanted... ..and sardines - tins of the stuff - and he ran like a rat when saw me coming back. Do you have the CCTV footage? That's him. Can you rewind it back a bit? Stop it there. What happened to his face? Well, someone must have given him a hiding - no more than he deserved. We'll need a copy of that CCTV. It's Lewis, isn't it? That's right. Ran out of milk? No. There's a meeting. About what? Pest control. There is no evidence that Daniel Protheroe has hurt anyone. Get your facts straight before you do something you might regret. The facts? Huh! The facts are there for all to see. What sort of boy kills his own mother, allows her to rot in the house and then carries on as if there's nothing wrong? We have a right to defend ourselves. You'd better find him, then. We intend to. How did they survive up there? Just the two of them. They must have been completely dependent on each other. He loved her. He couldn't bear to be without her. The radio appeal, there are sightings of Daniel Protheroe coming in from all over the county. Dozens of them. And they all have to be followed up. This is interesting. What is it, Lloyd? I've been checking through employee records for Huw Griffiths' place. He had a delivery driver working with him up until last summer. Lewis Jones? You going somewhere? Out. That's all. You used to work for Huw Griffiths, didn't you? For a bit. Do you think he had anything to do with what happened to Owen Beynon? No. They got on, as far as I know. Everyone knows it was Daniel. Do they? Of course they do. He was off his head. Always has been. He never talked to anyone in school. If he bothered coming to school, that is. Did you ever go up to the house? Sometimes. As soon as they saw us coming, they'd lock themselves in. Why? They were scared of you. We were just kids. Just having a bit of fun. Lloyd? According to Lloyd, Lewis' alibi stacks up. He was out drinking with his mates in Aber. Having fun. We should be out there. We have to find Daniel before Glyn and his mob do. There's hundreds of acres. We couldn't possibly cover the area. We don't have the resources. So we just do nothing? You're not coming in? No. Protheroe! Protheroe! Argh! Sir? Look at how it was buried. That child was loved. Tom? Have you spoken to Prosser? The IPCC have submitted their report. You're in the clear. It doesn't feel that way. Preliminary report from the scene, sir. The body was that of an infant male, 18-24 months. No sign of injury, no broken bones. We need a DNA comparison between Nora and the dead child. We need to establish time and cause of death and when the child was buried. Are there any records of a second child? No. I checked. Nora Protheroe was visited regularly by a health worker until 1999. Only one pregnancy was ever recorded. Autopsy report on Nora Protheroe. No external injuries or signs of violence. She died of natural causes? Looks that way. Most likely she suffered an epileptic fit. Nora Protheroe. A troubled girl, gets pregnant, has a baby, lives a life of virtual recluse. Why? Perhaps she had something to hide. Daniel didn't report his mother's death because she was all he ever had. All he ever knew. And the only person who ever loved him. This boy... ..is a poacher, a stargazer. He's not a killer. I want to talk to your daughter. I'm not sure. My husband's... It's OK, Mam, I want to talk to him. On my own. I used to see him in school. Across the playground. And up on the mountain. He was the loneliest boy I ever saw. All those times I saw him... ..he never looked back at me. So, what changed? I dunno. About...a year ago... ..it's like he looked up for the first time. Like he saw me. A year ago? His mother was dead. He was lonely. He was reaching out. Where is he, Branwen? I wish I knew. Why does everyone hate him so much? They treat him like he's an animal just because he's different from them. Do you know who could've done this to him? Who did it, Branwen?! You have to leave! You can see she's upset! The baby was wrapped in a blanket and plastic. But inside, it was wrapped in newspaper. The paper underneath the body perished, but above the body, a few bits survived. Look at this date. 20th June, 1999. If that was the date of burial, it makes the approximate date of birth February, 1997. The same age as Daniel. It doesn't make any sense. There were no other children, right? The records confirm that. So, the little boy we pulled from the ground, who is he? I think it's Daniel. The child's DNA matches the mother's. Confirmation just came through. So, if the dead child is Daniel Protheroe... Who are we chasing? Branwen? Branwen? 1997, Nora Protheroe has a son, Daniel. 1999, Daniel dies and Nora buries the body in the garden. After that, she disappears off the radar. Next thing you know, it's 2001 and Nora enrols a child at Coed-y-Fedw Primary School and that boy is also called Daniel. They tested Daniel's toothbrush from the house. The DNA results confirmed there is no familial match between Nora Protheroe and the boy she enrolled at school. So, who... ..is this? We've been through every database, local and national, searching for any missing or abducted children. We extended the age range in case we're wrong about the timeline. There are no unsolved disappearances of any boy of that age at that time. But a child doesn't just disappear like that, unnoticed. There's media coverage, grieving parents. Look! This...is the important timeline. 1999-2001. Please, check again. What is it? Tom? What's the latest? We're still looking for Daniel Protheroe, sir. Is he our killer? In my opinion, no, he's not. Then why are we pursuing him? To save him from the ones who think that he is, sir. And Owen Beynon? We're still pursuing all possible leads, sir. He was very well connected, Tom. I need results. Well, I'm doing my best, sir. You can tell that to the IPCC next time. We were looking for a missing child, not a dead one! April, 1999, a child disappears in the sand dunes at Ynyslas. His name was Aled Roberts. He was three years old. The area was searched, but the boy was never found. It was presumed that he drowned at sea. The body was never recovered. This is the same boy. This is Daniel. I was part of the team that searched Ynyslas. I'd only been in uniform two years. I remember what the mother said at the press conference. "One minute he was laughing, the next he was gone." In 2006, the child was legally declared dead. The case officially remains open, but with no evidence of foul play, it hasn't been reviewed in years. Why didn't he come up on the database? It hadn't been updated properly. Why didn't you remember? He was presumed dead! Have we got an address for the parents? I don't think we should speak to them. Their child is still alive! As far as the family is concerned, their son is dead. You're not listening to me! We should contact Social Services. We don't know their situation, what the consequences might be. They deserve to know! Of course they do, but there's a way of doing things. They shouldn't have to wait! Tom! Objection noted, Mared. Ayesha? Well, we have... ..reason to believe that your son, um... ..Aled... ..is still alive. A young man we have come into contact with... No, you've made a mistake. I know this is difficult. You've no idea. Is Aled's father home? Mrs Roberts? We're no longer together. I'm sorry. Is there a way we could contact him? How do you know it's Aled? Um... Circumstances are... ..difficult. Difficult? He's a suspect in a crime. After all these years, you come here and tell me you've found my son? That this criminal is Aled? My son is dead. He drowned 16 years ago. Mammy? I want you to leave. Now. Please. Eluned Roberts lost her child and we just made it worse. There's a way of going about this job, procedure. Things happen in a particular way for a reason. We should have prepared her. Given her a chance to take it in. OK, Mared, I get it. Do you? We've got a dead man in the mortuary, a dead mother and child and a boy who's running for his life on the mountain. We need professional focus! You'd know all about that, wouldn't you? Excuse me? You spend more time here than you do with your own daughter! Mared... I'm sorry. I love my daughter. I stick my neck out for you, Tom. Time and time again. I know. You deserve better. Where are you going? To do my job. You? I thought I told you to stay away. I want to talk to Branwen. She's already told you everything she knows about Daniel Protheroe. She has nothing more to say. She could help. She's the only one who knows him. I don't want my daughter involved in this any more, any more than she already is. He's trouble! Is this you speaking, or your husband? My husband is right. He's brought us nothing but grief. It was Glyn who beat him, wasn't it? Bethan? Bethan... If you had a child that was in trouble, you'd want to know somebody was looking out for them, wouldn't you? Nora's child is in trouble. I don't know what you're on about. Daniel is out there on the mountain on his own. He's scared. His mother is dead, he needs someone to look after him. And I need the truth, Bethan! It was Glyn who beat him, wasn't it? Glyn caught him outside Branwen's window. And he taught him a lesson? Yes? Yes. He told him he'd kill him if he ever came back. Glyn was brought up in a different time. He finds it hard to connect with her. But he doesn't mean any harm. He loves his daughter. Branwen? We've no reason to believe that Daniel would harm your daughter. If you'd done your job... it would never have come to this. You should be out there looking for her. For years I wouldn't let myself believe he'd drowned. Did everything I could to convince myself that... ..he might come back to me one day. But in the end... ..we had to accept that he'd gone. So that I could breathe again. I felt like I was letting him down. Giving up on him. But, at the same time, I owed it to my little boy to keep going. To carry on, to live again. But I never forgot him. He was my son. I want to see my son. Plas Bach. Now. You coming? Why didn't you tell us that Plas Bach was being sold? You didn't ask. I didn't think it was important. How could it not be important? It changes everything. No. You were going to lose your home, Esyllt. It may not have come to that. I've checked your bank details. I know you have nothing. All you have is this roof above your head. How are you going to cope? After all the years of service, don't you feel betrayed by Owen Beynon? When were you first told? Esyllt? A month ago. Who else knew? Nobody. Esyllt. Who knew? Lewis is a good boy. Where did you go after drinking in Aber? I told you, I slept in the truck. And the next morning you woke up and went straight to work? Yes. And it was your mother who told you about Owen's death? You must have been very upset. I was. He was like a father to you, wasn't he? Wasn't he? It doesn't make any sense. Why would somebody kill an innocent man like that in cold blood in his own home? A man who never hurt anyone. A kind man. A man that always looked after you and you mother, always made sure you had a roof over your heads, that you'd never go without. Who'd kill a man like that? I don't know. Oh, I think you do, Lewis. And I think your mother does, too. Doesn't she? I think she's known since the morning it happened. Since she asked you to look her in the eye and promise her you had nothing to do with it. But you couldn't, could you, Lewis? Because you stole the guns to help her. No. Because you love her, Lewis, and she loves you. No. And when you found out he was leaving her with nothing after she gave her life to him, you lost your temper. You got angry. He was going to throw her out on the street, humiliate her, treat her like a dog. You're not going to let anybody do that to your mother, are you, Lewis? So what did you do? What did you do, Lewis? I hit him! You knew we'd already checked the estate, didn't you? So you hid the guns in the one place you knew we'd already looked. I did it for my mother. I did it for her. He came downstairs... Caught me with the guns. He told me to put them back. He made me feel small. Like a little boy. And he turned... ..to walk out the door. He wasn't supposed to be there. Please! Please! Sir! We got a call from Branwen Powell. They've caught Daniel. Hm? Put it down, Glyn. You keep away from me. Daniel hasn't hurt anyone. He killed his own mother. No, he didn't. And he didn't kill Owen Beynon, either. He knows where my Branwen is. Branwen is here. Argh! Tom! No! Let it go! He's just a boy, Glyn. You don't know anything about him. Does Daniel know? You ready? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 