The Spanish Princess: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spanish Princess 
 s2e4 - The Other Woman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spanish Princess (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - The Other Woman - full transcript 
 As Meg jeopardizes everything for love, a pregnant Catherine wrestles with the sickening suspicion that Henry is being unfaithful. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We should dissolve Princess Mary's engagement to Charles and instead match her with King Louis. Wolsey's counsel is against me, and you are allowing it. You don't give me what I need. I stand here with a void in the middle of my body, and you think God is punishing me, but I have done nothing wrong. Your Grace, my daughter wishes to marry. Young Henry Stafford, he'll have her. And might I suggest William Compton for you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your Groom of the Stool? My brother Albany must return from France. He's next in line to the regency. As long as I do not marry, I will be regent until Jamie comes of age. You are the greatest queen Scotland's ever known. A Scot in France. Would you rather I was back in Edinburgh, taking the regency from your sister? Do you think we can recover from this? I want to. I want it to be as it was before. We are strong, Archbishop, and none shall come between us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The young men of the court are impudent. Their eyes are ever on my bosom. Even during chapel. Sounds like you enjoy it, Anne. Of course, I do not blame them. But my husband is aggrieved. Anne. The child makes me nauseous. Please fetch some lavender from the garden. Oh, uh... yes, of course, Your Grace. Let us pray she catches the eye of one of her so-called admirers and they waylay her. I think that they are only in her mind. To salve her pain that her husband will not attend her bed. Any other woman but not hers. She is not blessed with happiness in marriage as we are. We must be patient with her, then. I will take some air. Your Grace. Catherine. How is my magnificent son and heir? Already looking forward to his first ale, I'd wager. Can he throw a punch in there? He tells me he would have air and exercise. But, Catherine, you know you must rest. And sport. He is his father's son. A king in the making. It seems he has his mother's will. Ah, there's Charlie with his bride-to-be, the radiant Lady Elizabeth. I believe we now address this fellow as Viscount Lisle. Ah, that's right. Viscount, yes. The first of many gifts I'm sure my encroaching marriage will bestow upon me, Your Grace. Uh, perhaps you will excuse us. Elizabeth wishes to see the blasted yew tree in the grounds. What news? Uh... Wolsey asked if I'd consider making him chancellor. He has just been made archbishop. I do not think it such a bad idea. It is a terrible idea. Lord chancellor is second in power only to you, and Wolsey is already high above his station. Would he have a title from you every half year? I fought nine years to be your queen. You fought, or was it I who fought for you? It was you, of course. But I always wanted you. What woman wouldn't? And I will want you till the sun goes down o'er all of time. Until that day, will you be mine? You are a beautiful poet. It's easy with such a muse. Oh, I want to shout it from the Highlands. Margaret Tudor is mine, and nothing will come between us. It cannot. I forbid it. And I am queen. Or regent, at least. Tell me about her... your muse. I used to hear tales of her as a girl. - Mm, virtuous. - Hmm. Thoughtful. Devout. Headstrong, stormy, wild. And now? How do you find her? I find that she is a queen not merely in title... but in temperament also. He is here. - So it's true. - What do you want? - Get out! - You, cur! You have compromised the queen! He has not! The earl of Angus is my... He has robbed the dowager queen of her honor! Forced her, filthy dog! He did not force me! - We are married! - What? By Bishop McElroy at South Queensferry Kirk. Last Saturday. You can ask him if you will not take my word for it. No, this cannot be true. So unless you want to be hanged for treason, release my husband now! Away with you. If this is true, then you have betrayed your country, madam. - We took you as our regent... - Betrayed it? ...on the promise that you would not take another husband. My children need a father. And who I take to my bed is my own province and not the business of this council. It's every bit our business! Did your brother put you up to this, huh? The Douglases have always licked the balls of England. Is this his secret plan to rule us? King Henry doesn't even know. And Angus will not rule with me. I am regent with my son. Angus is only my husband. Oh, and that's what he told you, is it? And you, you'd be happy with that, would you, eh, Angus? Having some wee lassie tell you what to do? I married her for love in God's eyes, - as she did me. - No. My brother, the duke of Albany, will be summoned back from France, and you will cede the regency to him. He will govern Scotland. Over my dead body. I am queen! He will take custody of Princes James and Alexander. We won't have our country ruled by this prick. Hey! Get back here! Angus, run! What are we doing? Get back here! You bastard! Angus, you get James. Alexander, darling. They should not defy you, Your Grace. Quickly. Down the stairs, now! Down the stairs! Down! You bastard! Stay where you are! Angus, you bastard! Get back here! Get out! Get out! You tricked us! Both of you tricked... - Move it! Out of the way! - Help me! You will rue the day that you challenged me! I am regent with full support of England and Spain through Catherine. You are dead men from this day, and they will... they will burn your entrails for disrespecting me. Will they? Can anyone in your family be trusted to convey a letter? My Uncle Gavin. He'll come soon enough when he hears of this. Watch at the window for him. You will write your brother for his help? I will do more than that. I will write to Catherine. Henry. - Catherine? - Your Grace. Is it the child? No, no. No, he is quite well. It is another matter. I must speak with you in private. Your sister writes to me. She... About her hatred of her fat French husband. - This is not news, Catherine. - Not Mary. Meg. She has remarried. Archibald Douglas, the earl of Angus. She has done what? The Scots are up in arms about it, saying they will terminate her regency in favor of the duke of Albany, whom they have summoned back from France. What in God's name is the matter with her? After everything I've done for her, this is how she shows me thanks? She asks for you to send an army. But, uh, to make it clear they come in peace. An army? In peace? How do I signal that? - Put them all in dresses? - I know. The Scots would think I'd invaded. - Yes, I know. - I gave her one instruction. Keep England's peace with Scotland for me. And now she writes all this to you and not me. You are carrying my heir. She risks your health and his survival. No, I will do nothing for her. Do not reply. You may go back and rest. "Dearest Mary, your sister is in trouble, and she needs your help. You must find a way to keep the duke of Albany in France. Remind him of the cold and inhospitable climate of his native land and the beauty and favors France can offer, should he choose to linger there. Meg will thank you for your help. And I will too. From your sister Catherine." Queen Mary of France. And please tell Thomas Howard that I would like to see him. Good shot, Sire. Skewered him right through the heart, Your Grace. The captain here taught me well in my younger days. It is easy to guide the eye of one with such a gift as yours, Your Grace. Are you a keen huntswoman, Lady Pole? I am not. I see no joy in a kill. But I think my daughter's suitor has commitment for us all. You got it! Do you eat meat, though, Lady Pole, do you not? I do. For many years, there was no food in my belly or in the bellies of my children. Because I suffered when my husband died. Now God and king both smile on you and bless you with a match to our most faithful servant, Compton. Do you not shoot? This is low game, my lady. Rabbits are dirty creatures, and they breed too readily. But for your sake, I will desist today from any bloodshed. Watch out. Felled by a woman, Compton? My sister. That makes sense, actually. We should've put a bobtail on him, make a proper sport of it. That was quite amusing for you, Wiltshire. Perhaps the lady might do better to aim at her own husband. I think it is his attention that she fails to win. I will remove myself from range. The Scots will already think that Meg's marriage to a Douglas is my attempt to rule them. Never mind me sending an army to help. Your Grace is wise to resist. Women's fancies blow too hot for reason. They are sentimental creatures, and to have one rule a country, even though she is your sister, it is a disaster. I disagree. All of my daughters are educated in the classics and they have finer minds than many men I know, certainly more reason. Has Your Grace considered my humble supplication? Yes, uh, Lord Chancellor. The queen worries another promotion would go to your head, Wolsey. Oh, dear. A lady much in need of guidance. Perhaps Your Grace's expert hand would be the thing. Lady Anne. Yes, Your Grace? Perhaps I could show you how to win your prey. What is his interest in Anne Hastings? Wolsey still believes he is in battle with the queen for the king's favor. So if he can drive a wedge between them, then Queen Catherine's influence is greatly reduced. Oh, Lady Pole, I would have thought that court politics no longer surprised you. Surprise me, no. But pain me? Reggie has been sent away in the guise of his best interests, but... it feels like a punishment to me. You are too good for us all. I'm sorry that my shooting is so poor. I'm very grateful for your guidance, Your Highness. My pleasure. Wolsey. My lord. Henry. I believe that I have solved your sister's woes in Scotland. No we cannot send an army, no, but what if General Thomas Howard were to ride out with a small retinue and negotiate her position? It would not be a show of force but... implies we may take a stronger line if this is not resolved. But I said I choose not to. Henry, you cannot leave your sister at the mercy of the Scots. I would gladly leave my sister to the mercy of all demons for what she did to me in marrying that halfwit in a kilt. Well, that's unfortunate, as Howard is already riding. I had no choice. We couldn't leave her there. Why would you disobey me when I clearly told you my instruction? Wolsey's right. Women should not govern a country when they cannot even govern their own sentiment. Wolsey said that? With what provocation? - Which lady did he criticize? - Well, he's right. What the archbishop calls sentiment is cold, hard common sense. If you leave your sister locked up in a pantry, then the Scots see you as weak. A peaceful Scotland is what England needs, which means your sister's sons must take the throne. If Albany returns, then they will not. Henry, you must do as you see fit. But Howard is already riding, so claim this outcome for yourself, or blame me for it, as you wish. Did you deny Wolsey the position of lord chancellor? I said I'd think on it. Well, perhaps you'll weigh up which of us is being led by sentiment. As you know, my sister Meg has rashly made a marriage that has compromised her regency. I've sent a troop of soldiers up to Scotland, under the stewardship of General Thomas Howard. Make sure he doesn't nod off on the way. Although I have written to Howard, telling him to take his time. It will do my sister good to think on what she's done before she's reinstated on the throne. Bloody Scots. Have they forgotten Flodden? You do well to remind them of England's might, Your Grace. England will not be intimidated. We are mighty. We will be obeyed. And soon we will have an heir. God blesses us... and He will keep us. God save the king. God save the king. God save the king. God save Queen Catherine. God save Queen Catherine. God save the king. God save the king. God save Queen Catherine. England prays for you. God blesses us. The heir in my belly proves he finds us worthy and devout. And a, uh, new direction on your sister's predicament. The king showed her his mercy. Anne Hastings looks quite radiant. Has she found a man to warm her bed? I do not know, Highness. Oviedo has not heard? He is friendly now with the men at court, and they surely share such gossip. Oviedo does not set much store to idle gossip. Catherine. I'll go with you to your rooms. Hmm. The court was giddy at our power. They were quite roused by it. And I... by you. - Catherine, you have... - Come, let me have you. I have wanted you all day. Catherine, you must take to your confinement. No, it is too early. Our son must have the best chance to be strong. He does not need the strains and racket of the court. Did Wolsey counsel you to this? Wolsey knows his place. He would not presume to instruct me. I caution you to observe the same, Catherine. Henry, I carry the future king, and I want what's best for him. - In that, we are united. - Good, then it's settled. Please, please, grant me till All Saints' Day at least? So I may attend Mass and pray to God that he bears our son safely into our arms... ...and keeps him there. Of course. You may have until then. And then we'll have our son. What delays your uncle? Where is our reply from England? Perhaps he is helping Catherine muster men... ...or persuading my brother. He will be so angry with me, but Catherine will soon soothe his hot head. Angus. Angus, come here. Your Grace. Oh, Gavin. You have word from England? Uncle, what news? A letter from General Thomas Howard. Alexander Stewart's got his thugs out here patrolling. I had to make a show of demanding your release so they didn't wonder why I'd come. Uncle, you have our gratitude. Perhaps our queen will reward you with a castle. There is no army. General Thomas Howard rides to us with six men. Six? Albany has been kept in France. Howard instructs us to inform the Scots that I am regent and if they do not let me rule, England will lay waste to Scotland. Six hundred men? Or six? There is the threat of further force. There is no threat at all. We are abandoned. - Angus! - Not now. I cannot help you. Angus. That is my son, our future king, you raise your voice to. Aye, a king, and yet here we are. Locked up and left to perish like slaves, not sovereigns. I am sovereign, Angus. And if you thought that marrying me would be an easy life, then you are a fool. We must be strong. When we first spoke in the chapel, it felt like poetry... magic. I was surrounded by brute force. And then there was you. You opened your heart to me. And I thought that made you braver than... Than any of the warring men in Scotland... ...than any man I have ever known. So I kissed you. But perhaps I did not see you clearly. And the fearsome beast did rise up out of the well before the brave knights, and agh! Yeah. Oviedo, you think it's true that the king beds Anne Hastings? It is what everybody says. It is the way of the English kings. They jump into so many beds. You are not knights. You are my little kings. - Not little kings. - Oh, yes. Or perhaps you are thieves, for you have stolen my heart. - No. - Yes. Look. It is gone. Ah! A confinement can be a blessing, Highness. A chance for reflection and for peace. Let me help you. Lina. Is there something I don't know? I... I don't understand. There are whispers. People speak about me. Yes, they speak about you all the time. And their talk is of their desire for your happiness and for your son and heir. I will fetch rosemary. Lina. We are friends. So you must tell me. When we first came to England, you told me that I am the light. You still are. A lantern burns as brightly in a single room as in a whole court. I feel I am in darkness. What is it that I miss, please? I need to know. No. No, not Anne Hastings. - It is not Henry who she bed... - Highness, these are foolish rumors that people use to idle away their time. - Push them from your mind. - But this is what is said. Lina! A woman was seen entering the king's rooms. Some say it was Anne Hastings. Catherine, Henry loves you. I know he loves me. I will not be that bitter... jealous woman. I will not be my sister. - Yes. - Please. What does that butcher's boy think he's doing? I've seen you chattering with the king, Wiltshire. You're not above your own maneuvers. No idea what you're... You're drunk, Brandon. Wolsey is shameless in his machinations. Yes, and yet the king responds to it. Yes. Lady Anne, perhaps you'd like to make a toast to the newly promised couple, given that you are lady aunt to the happy groom. I-I... if Your Grace wishes. Yes. To my nephew Henry Stafford and his betrothed, Ursula Pole. I wish you many children and all the joys of love. Hear, hear. Hear, hear. The wedding night is brutal, Ursula. Go easy on her, boy. But you will only ever be a virgin once and will be glad when it is passed. He won't. I mean to say... there will be blood. Well, not every maid is thus afflicted. Oh, yes, they are. The first time, yes. As mother to the bride, I would like to wish Henry and Ursula good health, good fortunes, and a nursery full of babies. - Your health. - Your good health. To Wolsey's swift demise. Excuse me. The queen has heard a rumor that the king and Lady Hastings, that he beds her. Catherine is distressed, and I am worried for the baby. I am aware of it... ...and of other talk more dangerous to her. What talk? Of wedding nights and how maidenhood is proven. Leave it with me. I have had an idea that may help. It is late. You should go home to your family. Thank you, Lady Pole. I came to say good night. Is there, um... ...any news of Meg? None that I've heard, no. Henry? I worship you... everything you do and are. And even when we cannot... ...be together... Of course we cannot. You are with child. ...I know that you have appetites... ...that I cannot fulfil for now. So if you take another woman to your bed, then I would understand. But I would sooner that... ...that you told me. Another woman? If you shared it with me, then... ...it would be something that is ours... ...together... ...of our love. And then people wouldn't pity me. I know that what we share is different and this is of the flesh. But I would rather that I heard it first from you. There is nothing to tell. You're tired. You must rest. Stare at me all you like. I am indeed a handsome old devil. You bog-dwelling fuckers. Howard is here. We will negotiate my position. We are coming out. We will go to Stirling and resolve this with civility. Angus. There are six Englishmen outside whom I will speak with. Lay a finger on me, and they will quarter you alive. - Stay back, Douglas. - I need to explain it, though. Queen Margaret. I bring you greetings from the queen. General Howard, I'm... I am very glad to see you. And I you, Your Grace. Have you been sleeping in a gorse bush? Let us go to Stirling to discuss my regency. No. No, no, what are you... What are you doing? No! No! Give them back to me! Give them back to me! Unhand those boys! I give you fair warning. You don't want to make an enemy of England. Angus! You sniveling wretch, you bring them back to me! It's better for you, Meg. This way, they'll show you mercy. Oh, for me? For my sake? Bollocks. Get on the horse, Your Grace. - Get on it now. - No. No. No, I cannot leave my boys. If you want to live to see your children again, then ride. Up, up. Queen Margaret. If I could cut out my weak and stupid heart, my foolish and shameful need for love, I would do it. I have lost my boys! I have betrayed them. How could I be so stupid? You were lonely. I trusted him, and he betrayed me. I will never trust again. You will return for them. You're a fucking she-wolf. I will not let my brother see me cry. We will ride to York first. I will stay there until I'm ready. To York! Thank you. Sir Compton. William. I've asked you here to join me because... And I was very pleased to receive your invitation, Lady Pole. There is a delicate matter. The queen is in distress, and I fear it may harm her unborn heir. I was hoping I might seek your help. Madam, you shall have it. The matter that so troubles her is... Well, I'm sure you've heard the rumors about the king and Lady Anne. I admit I am aware of them. The only proof is that a lady of her likeness was seen exiting the king's room. But it strikes me, we could start the court's tongues wagging on a different story. That the gentleman she was there to see was not the king at all... ...but his groom. But that's... You are the only other gentleman in the king's rooms. If we could persuade the court that it was you she was there to see, then the king would be quite blameless, and Queen Catherine's broken heart would be restored. Madam, this is difficult, that... To meddle in the king's affairs... The king would not want his queen and heir to be burdened by his appetites. We cannot ask him to desist, but... this would bring a resolution to the matter. Madam, I find your loyalty to the queen most laudable. Hmm. If this wins me your favor and helps our royal heir arrive more peaceably in the world, then I will do my part. You are the most remarkably selfless woman. Is it the baby, Your Grace? It is nothing. I am quite well. Lady Hastings. Lady Pole. It seems the better woman has won. Sir William Compton hasn't been able take his eyes from you all night. I will not demean myself trying to compete with you. You are young and beautiful. Sir William is clearly besotted. Lady Anne. I have long admired you from afar. Shall we? Oh, Your Grace. No, he is coming too early. Go and fetch Lina. Go! Quickly. No. Please, please, please. Where is Lina? Is she here? Lina! Lina! Lina. Lina, the queen is calling for you. Quickly! The baby comes? Catherine, I'm here. He cannot come yet. Lina, fetch the midwives. It is too late. Catherine, look at me. We can do this together. Your Grace, General Howard writes. Your sister's husband, Angus, has betrayed her. Her heirs have both been seized, and she and Howard are riding down to London. I said sending Howard was a stupid bloody... No, no, Your Grace undoubtedly made the right decision in sending him. Well, perhaps she's learned her lesson now. Mm. Stafford, your sister just pounced on Compton. Your Grace, your child is coming early. - Lina is with her. - I will go. The hour comes, Your Grace. The future of your kingdom is fastened on this moment. I pray that the queen will serve you. Congratulations, Henry. He comes. Come, Bessie, help me with this. Will he die? He will die if he comes this early, won't he, Lina? Highness, God sends him to you when He will. But you must push now. Push. We are with you, Catherine. Push. Perhaps you'll name him after me. Prince Charles. - Has a ring to it. - No, it's Henry. His name is Henry, just like the first. Catherine, he is coming. He's nearly there. One big push. He's here. He's here. Our baby. Our new Prince Henry. Give him to me. Give... give him to me. Her. It's a girl, Catherine. It's a girl. Oh, no. No, no. No, no, no, no, no. It can't be. It can't be. It can't be. How is my son? Tell me I have a healthy boy. Highness... The... ...the... the baby is... Is healthy. - Congratulations, Your Grace. - Great job. She... is healthy. It's a girl. Will you hold her? She's crying for you. She needs her mother. Thank you for your efforts. "To His Most Christian Highness, Louis of France, England requests that the duke of Albany return to Scotland without delay. The Stewart heirs, King Henry's nephews, have been abducted by the Scottish clans, and Dowager Queen Margaret had to flee to England for her life. Albany must take control of Scotland, or there will be war." Princess Mary likes the gardens, Highness. Lina, this matter of Anne Hastings. It seems it was Henry's groom, Sir William, who was bedding her, not my husband. I am glad to hear it, Highness. Well, shame on you for listening to such gossip. Perhaps next time, you'll think twice before you hurt me with such wicked lies and malign the king's good name. And now, because I questioned Henry's loyalty, he is angry. And he will not come to see me... ...or his daughter. All he does is plan with Wolsey. I am sorry, Highness. Forgive me. Go home. I do not wish to have you here today. Bessie will tend to me. - It's from Scotland. - Give it to me. Compton, it is from Scotland. Have you forgotten who the lady is? Howard, thank you. For everything. Go on. Go on. Children are the heritage of the Lord, the fruit of the womb. Do not stand on my account, dear brother. I do not; I've had my fill of useless girls. You look old. You're getting fat. And I have had my sons ripped out of my arms. You couldn't even send me an army, brother. You're fortunate I sent anyone at all, Meg. Sent someone. Yes, you did. You sent the duke of Albany to rule my country and raise my children. Albany? He's in France... Uh, Your Grace. I took the liberty of summoning the duke of Albany back on your behalf. Forgive me. Wolsey, are you king of England now? Oh, so you have lost your country too, to a butcher's boy from Ipswich. Wolsey has forgotten I instructed him to write to France. Uh, of course. Of course, Your Grace. Scotland must be stable for our Tudor heirs to rule it when they come of age. Albany will keep it so. Oh, to be a man and slap each other's backs all day and sing of your own good fortune. Where is Catherine? I will speak with someone who sees sense. Of course I want the king to have an heir, but there are many benefits to daughters. I see in mine all the flowers of England. Your Grace. I wish to ask you to release me from my betrothal to Sir William Compton. Your Grace, you have shown me great kindness, restoring my lands and titles. And you have made a fine match for my daughter Ursula with Henry Stafford. I am grateful. But Sir William kissed another woman, a married one at that. My honor would not stand for it. So I must refuse him. How convenient for you, Lady Aunt... ...when you were determined not to do my bidding anyway. Go. You're released. Thank you, Your Grace. Lady Pole. I did your bidding, and I hope that I have won your favor. I'm sorry, Sir William, but the king has withdrawn his consent for us to marry. Excuse me. Lady Pole. Deftly played. I had no choice. I will not sacrifice myself. Oh, you do not need to justify your character to me. You have always been a faithful servant of God. I do have some news that may be of use to you, though. It seems that all the stories about Anne Hastings and our king were concocted by our great Archbishop Wolsey. Well, that is not a revelation. No. Indeed. But whilst Anne Hastings was wrongly named, it seems that the king does have a lover. Excuse me. My time at court has ended. The king has suggested that I tend to my estate, and I gladly accept. You're being punished. You saved us from the Scots at Flodden, yet... We both did that. If I had had a hundred men with a heart like yours... ...I could have conquered the world. Just like Alexander the fucking Great. Will you please stop cursing? Forgive me. I don't know when I'm doing it. - Your Grace. - General Howard. They make me sick, the pair of them. Wolsey and my brother. My poor boys will be terrified, thinking I've abandoned them. Your Grace, I will take her swaddling to the laundry. You must tell Henry to help me. Make clear to Albany that they must let me raise my boys and be their regent. It will not work, Meg. We have all failed. Mary's trapped in France, married to a man she wishes dead. Albany has your kingdom for himself. I... You have given birth to a beautiful, healthy baby. A girl. What use is that? He thinks that I have failed him. Look. Catherine, she's so beautiful. Look at her little face. Won't you take her? Bessie has forgotten this. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 