The Spanish Princess: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spanish Princess 
 s1e8 - Destiny - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spanish Princess (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Destiny - full transcript 
 The fate of England hangs in the balance when the Tudor family is rocked by tragedy. Catherine risks everything to find out if Harry still loves her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [THEME MUSIC PLAYING] [BELL TOLLING] [MAN COUGHING] [COUGHING CONTINUES] We should ring the bells in victory. Every traitor netted overnight and taken to the Tower. And Margaret Pole was found this morning, so she will be taken there, too. [GROANS] There's a small army gathering outside, Henry. You planning to arrest the whole of London? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The French are restless in Europe, and the pope has fears for Venice. I am sending men to Kent, where the French can feel us watching them. And if King Louis decides to march to us as well as south to Venice, then we will be ready for him. You are peaky. I didn't sleep. I just need some spearmint for my chest, and it will pass. - Lina. - So you are back from your night's work as a Tudor. I am a soldier of the court. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Does Lady Pole now wear their chains? She's a traitor. She plotted on the king's life. Lina, the army marches out to Kent. In two days, I go with them and then perhaps to war in France. I only joined this army, because you said you would not have me. We could have had a different life if you were not so proud. Where have you taken Lady Pole? Is she in the Tower? She is unharmed, and so are both her children. We must go there now. Of course. CATHERINE: I must offer her what aid I can. Then I will ride to Hatfield and hope that I may see the prince. [LADY MARGARET MURMURING] Curiously, I'm warming to this creature. It keeps its own counsel, and it doesn't suffer patronage. Does the bird not cheer you, Henry? That depends on how it will taste. Do you have to walk in here when I am bathing? I'm your mother. I held you when you were a babe in swaddling. - [SCOFFS] - We should celebrate. Our enemies at home are all apprehended, and I believe I've found a new wife for you. Our enemies breed faster every time we catch one. They're like rats. Lizzie told me if I ruled with fear, I'd only get dissent and hatred in retu... [COUGHING] [HOARSELY] She was right. She and her mother both had the sight. And Lizzie said if Harry married Catherine, he would never have a son and heir. He doesn't know it, but that's why I told him he must marry Eleanor. [SIGHS] Well, the wife I picked for you, - the Duchess of Savoy... - [SIGHS] she's daughter to the Emperor Maximilian, so she brings with her a useful new alliance. [STRONG COUGH] What do you say to that? [COUGHING, CHOKING] Henry? [GURGLES] Don't ignore me. [WHIMPERING] Henry. Henry. [WEEPING] Henry. You're lucky I don't put you in there with all the men. Mother! Henry. May God save us all, cousin. Edmund. Did they hurt you? I would have killed them if I could. GUARD: Come on. That's enough. Come away. GUARD: Come on, you. [DOOR OPENS] - My lady? - Come with me. Come with me. H-help, uh... Take his arms. - What? Is he... - Uh, help me to move him. Uh, move... Move this... Take him. [GRUNTS] [GROANS] - Oh! - My lady, what are we going to do with the king? - Take him! - [GASPING] But... We'll just take him, put him onto the... [GRUNTING] Yes, yes. Get his feet up on the... I will, uh, s-summon the royal physician. No. Eat this. - No, I ca... I... - Eat it! I don't understand. No, just eat it. You must get him into his light shirt, get him into bed. Uh, His Grace ate his breakfast, but his stomach was upset, and he... he needs to rest, and he must not be disturbed by anybody. My lady, the king is dead. Why would we not announce it? [GASPING] The king is Harry. [MARGARET MURMURING] [DOOR OPENS] You. Take this. Dispose of it. Take this to Prince Harry, into his hands only. - My lady. - He must return at once. [HORSE GALLOPING] John. [SPEAKING SPANISH] Sí. Sí. Send word for Dudley. I need to see him here. [MUTTERING] I will have that Spanish whore... And I will write that Princess Eleanor must come at once and wed Prince Harry. Why are you still here? Go. I'll write to Eleanor. She must come... CATHERINE: I spoke to the warden and told him God would judge him if he did not move you to a better cell. It will not be for long, Maggie. HENRY: Mother. Oh, Henry. Thank God. Come, Ursula. Come. Let's see what we can spy from this window. This was Teddy's cell... 12 long years. Maggie, I give you my solemn promise I will see you freed from here, and you will have your Reggie back. You have no power, Catherine. You're at the mercy of that woman, Lady Margaret. It was she who locked my brother in here, and she murdered two young boys before him. They received no mercy, and nor will we. There is nothing you can do. There is always something, Maggie. Ya basta. Hold fast. I promise I will not fail you. Lina, highness, I come to tell you I... I think the king is dead. Dead? There was much blood, and Lady Margaret, she is like a lion in a cage. She sends word for Harry to come to Westminster now. But, highness, the guards, they have been told to throw you from the palace. It is not safe for you to return. Then I will ride to Harry and intercept him on the road. There is only one road to the city from the north. [SPEAKING SPANISH] [KNOCK ON DOOR] - [DOMINUS SQUAWKS] - Who is it? Dudley. I didn't send for you. Eh, the king didn't send for you. My lady, the king's mother, sh-should we fetch the... the king's physician? Is he unwell? [EXHALES] In the name of our Lord, Jesus Christ, what has happened here? The king has taken his rightful place at God's side. Now, we must work quickly. These ledgers detail lands and chattels that the Crown has seized in lieu of taxes. But Parliament refused to ratify that lands could be forfeit. The landowners can repurchase their confiscated lands at the prices written down. He doesn't need to see the prices. This is against the law. It... it is thievery. What were you thinking? Don't play the innocent, Wiltshire. Every member of the privy council knew that... Knew the treasury was short of funds, yes, and... and I sang with the chorus, but this is some secret song that you both sang. Did the king know of this? LADY MARGARET: The issue is that these must be disposed of. Prince Harry must be safely back in the palace before the country learns that the king is dead. If news leaks out, there could be a rebellion. He could be torn apart by a mob. I must see my grandson on the throne! It is the will of God. I shall take these to my home until you instruct me what to do with them. What of the king? LADY MARGARET: He has been sent for. No, this king, our beloved monarch. He cannot be suffered to languish in his own bloody bedding. The king sleeps... until I say otherwise. - Sir, please, just a little... - No. Go. Good day. Nothing good about it, Saracen. [SPITS] I am sorry. I have asked too much of you. At every turn, you have been loyal to me, and you are loyal as a soldier, too, and... Lina, I may go to war. When I return... I ask you this... that you will pledge yourself to me and our new family ahead of her. The king is dead. He is in his bed. My lady, the council needs to know that illegal taxes have been levied... The good people of England have been overburdened by taxation. They have been sorely used by the nobility and the Crown. But you said the treasury needed gold and that we were to find it. Our new king may not understand the measures that were taken by his council. He may seek to apportion blame so that his reign is not tainted with it. I always said these taxes were immoral. Did you? Did you whisper it? I said it loudly. Maybe you did not listen, Stafford! No, I rarely listen to what you have to say, butcher's boy. You don't even have the rank to sit amongst us. I agreed that the treasury needed aid, but Parliament refused to pass an act where lands and property could be confiscated, yet only yesterday I learned that Dudley and my lady and perhaps the king himself defied Parliament and seized men's homes and chattels anyway. - Dudley. - There were ledgers in the king's room detailing hundreds of seized properties. LADY MARGARET: Dudley engineered the plan alone. He and the king had knowledge of it. We did not. The evidence is all with Dudley, in his house, so we must move quickly to convict him. All of our hands are clean of this. Guard. [HORSES GALLOPING] Who are they? Oviedo. [EXHALES] God save the king. What is this? Your father passed into God's mercy, Your Grace. - God save the king. - God save the king. - God save the king. - God save the king. God save the king. Charlie, wine. Yes, Your Grace. [DISTANT CHATTER] Dudley! GUARD: Keep walking. DUDLEY: I have done nothing wrong. I have known Prince Harry, our new king, since he was a boy. Wait. I must send a message to Lady Margaret. This is an error that can be remedied. Then Henry is dead. HENRY: Will it help us? I always knew I'd be king, ever since I was a boy. Arthur was groomed for it, but I felt it, like a silver thread pulling me towards this day. Your grandmother felt that thread, too. I am the tangled knot in it. What a pair of poets we make. Though my father never liked my writing or my songs. Or your taste in girls. No. No, that was my grandmother. I am told you are to marry my niece. I thought it best to... to remove myself from court to pray upon my duty. In truth, I was... I was grateful for the peace. Peace from me? Peace from my heart. And is your heart at peace? Do you think of me, or is your heart now with the Princess Eleanor? CATHERINE: Good day. Good day, mistress, my lord. Wait. Here. Take this. Buy ale, and raise a glass to the king of England, and save his soul. No matter which backside is on the throne, nothing has changed. So you are not for Eleanor? Harry, I... Harry, I need to tell you I love you. I cannot offer you the Habsburg empire, nor the sanction of your grandmother, and if I cannot love you as your wife, then I will try to love you as a subject. But I want to love you as a wife... and as the mother of your heirs... and as a lover in your bed. Harry, tell me what my fate shall be. I am not Harry anymore. I'm Henry. You and I, Catherine, we do not fear the morrow, but we make it... as... as man or king and wife. I never wanted Eleanor. I told my father that. I told your father, too. I withdrew from the match two days ago. I refused her for your sake. All we need's a letter from the pope, and then we shall wed. GUARD: Dudley, you'll come with us. DUDLEY: Good. Yes. Hah. My lady, the king's mother will see me now, yes? This matter can be resolved. Wait! My gracious lady! [WOLSEY RECITING LATIN] You are devout! Please don't let them do this! I've done nothing wrong! My lady! Please! - "Edmund Dudley..." - Christ! "you stand guilty of constructive treason, "a crime of imprisoning the king, "insomuch as through your legislative advice "to his grace, King Henry VII, "you did ensnare him unwittingly "to enforce illegal acts of taxation "and, in so doing, did defile the crown and the holy ordinance of God under which all kings do serve." I did your bidding. I did your bidding! No! I am an innocent man! I took my instruction from you! I did it all for England! You cannot treat me like some dog to be put down! It is un-Christian. "The detail of your crimes have been examined during an extraordinary session of council." The sentence of death has been passed. God grant you mercy. Where is my trial? This is not justice! Please! My lady! No! God save King Henry! I am his loyal servant! God save him! Aah! Fuck you all! Fuck you all in hell! Aah! Fuck you all in hell! [RAVENS SQUAWKING] The bells will peal for King Henry's death. Let it be known that the traitor responsible for the people's yoke of taxation has been executed. Long live the king. ALL: Long live the king. Banners will be lowered to half-station for my father. Do it now. Princess Catherine is to be your queen. Be sure the palace knows it. If it pleases Your Grace, I ask that Lady Pole and her children be released from the Tower. They are loyal to you. If my father had them arrested, there must have been a reason. We will hear mass for his soul, and then we will announce our wedding. [BELL TOLLING] Your Grace... this is a time of great distress and sadness, but you should know of an unseemly justice that was meted out as you rode back to London. Edmund Dudley was engaged to collect additional levies for the crown. My lady, the king's mo... Uh, my lady, the king is here. It was criminal, not to mention a stain against the Crown. [TOLLING CONTINUES] Lady Grandmother. Your Grace, God preserve you. Your father has ascended into Heaven and you to your rightful throne. We should speak in private. I am in vigil at my father's side. Princess Eleanor has been summoned. Good. She can attend my wedding to Princess Catherine. Harry, you're shocked, and you're grieving, but you pledged to your father that you would marry Princess Eleanor for the good of England. Was it grief... that led you to arrest, try, and behead Edmund Dudley all in one day? Oh, no. That's right. He didn't have a trial. Your father learned that Edmund Dudley had been implementing taxes that were not agreed by Parliament, and he gave the order to arrest him. No. My father was already dead. You had him arrested... and then you silenced him before I could return. You took it upon yourself to act as regent. Why such haste, Lady Grandmother? Harry, please. Be with your father now. What was my cousin Maggie's crime? Well, she... she was a traitor to the Crown. She wrote to Edmund de la Pool to ask him... He is her cousin. You took away all hope from her. Her husband dead, her children starving, can you be surprised that she was angry? If you had had your way, you would have crushed me, too. Lady Pole would never harm you, Harry. She has been a friend to me and to you, too. She's a traitor. Please, release her and her children. If nothing else, make this your wedding gift to me. You cannot marry, not without a papal dispensation, and the pope has not seen fit to grant one for this marriage. He has refused... or he is still deciding? Send a pardon to the Tower for Lady Margaret Pole with my seal on it. CATHERINE: I will take it to her. Thank you, Your Grace. [WHISPERING] How did she find the prince so quickly? The Moor bowman, he rode in with them. [WOMAN SCREAMING] [SCREAMING] It works! The baby comes. [GROANS] Henry. [LAUGHING] [WEEPING] [COOING] [KEYS JANGLING] I said that I would free you. A pardon, from the new King Henry. [GASPING] You may return to court with all your children. You will be looked after. [SOBBING] [LAUGHS] Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm. I must ready to march out. The sergeant-at-arms is generous, but, uh, soon, he kick my arse. [LAUGHS] - I must go, too. - Mm. [ARMOR CLATTERING] MAN: Oviedo. Yes, sir. LINA: My Lady? A prayer book has been stolen from me. I believe this man took it. - What do you mean? - Oviedo does not steal. Please, search his belongings. I believe you'll find an inscription on the facing page. It is from the pope himself to me. Can you explain this? This is a mistake. My lady, you gave this book to me as a gift. He showed it to me. You're a Saracen and an enemy of Christ. Why would I give God's word to you? - I steal nothing! - Watch your tongue. In English law, the punishment for stealing is to be hanged. Is that what you wish? It is the law. See that it is done. - All right. Take him. - No, this is wrong. LINA: You can't do this! - What are you doing? - My lady, surely he should be given the chance to speak. You have your orders, Sergeant. My lady! My lady! Sergeant, this is wrong! I am no thief! [FADING] My lady! My lady! Lady Margaret. You gave that book of prayers to him as a gift. He has been loyal to you. Perhaps you have forgotten that you gave it to him. I'm sure I could remember... if only you'd remember that your Infanta and Prince Arthur lay together. [SCOFFS] Even now? Even now, you would destroy her happiness? She cannot marry anyway, not without the pope, and he is not forthcoming. Then why do this, if they cannot wed? So you refuse? Then he will hang. I will go to Catherine. She will save him. Guards! Let me go to her! Eject her from the palace, and do not let her back inside. No. No! Wait! They lay together. Your Infanta is no virgin. No. She deceived us to trick my Harry into marriage. Please, release him. Swear on this holy cross. She lied so she could wed Prince Harry. At last, you tell the truth. Eject her from the palace. No! You will pardon him! Did you speak to her? Oviedo, she has lost her wits. I want to be your wife. Now. Please, Oviedo. SERGEANT: Let her through. Lina, eh... You are everything to me. We will have your Muslim service. No. We marry Catholic... for you. Then both. Is my lady, Lina, back yet? No, my lady. Would you dress me? [FOOTSTEPS] Reggie, I have come for you. We can be a family again, you and me and Ursula and Henry. Please, Reggie, come with me. I love you very much. Look. Look what I've brought you. Please, Reggie. I am your mother. I will return tomorrow. Perhaps he needs more time. [JOHN SPEAKING ARABIC] [SPEAKING LATIN] I, for one, question the measures implemented by this man, Dudley... Oh, as I recall, you were in favor... Silence! All of you. You are like a room full of bees. Woolsey, why don't you buzz like the rest of them? Because I know my guilt, Your Grace. I knew the levies were unjust, but I did nothing, because I wished to curry favor with the king and with his mother. As we all did. [DOOR OPENS] I should hang the lot of you. Spoken like a true king, Harry. And you should start by casting out that harlot from the palace. - Leave. - Her closest lady swears on the holy cross that her marriage to your brother was a full one, consummated daily over many, many months. Leave us! She is no maid. She is a liar and a fortune hunter. She cannot be your queen. It is against God's law. You brought evil to this great house the day you came here, but you will not drag us into ruin. This is a lie. Lina did not say this, because it isn't true. Where is this woman? Well, fetch her here, and have her swear it on the cross before me. Bring her to me! Where is she now? What have you done to her? - Uh... - Guards! SERGEANT: I'm sorry... but it's time to go. [WEEPING] No. Don't take him. Please. LINA: No! Oviedo! Oviedo! Please! We'll make it as quick as we can. He has done nothing wrong. I am a lady of the future queen of England. You cannot do this! Keep her here. LINA: Pl-please. Please, no. [SPEAKING SPANISH] Adios, amor de mi vida. SERGEANT: Try and make it quick. No! I beg you, please! Please, no! [GASPING] Please, no! [WAILING] No! [SPEAKING SPANISH] Oviedo! [SPEAKING SPANISH] No! Stop it! - Cut him down! - Do it! [GASPING] Oviedo. [CRYING] What in God's name happened here? Who ordered this?! Oviedo is released. The Saracen stole a book of hours from me. He's a criminal. Why would he steal a Catholic book of prayers? He does not even share your faith. He is Muslim. This has no bearing on what her lady, Lina de Cardonnes, confessed to me, that she lay with your brother. I would have thought it has every bearing. There's not an instrument of torture in the Tower that could extract a false confession any quicker. There'll be no wedding. You do not have the dispensation. [CHUCKLES] [GROANING] I thought I had lost you. [SIGHS] You...[GRUNTS] You should attend to the Infanta's wedding. She cannot wed. The pope has not approved it. - But he has. - No. Lady Margaret paid me to read all the letters at the ports. The pope gave his permission many weeks ago. I gave these letters to Lady Margaret. [SIGHS] Hey. No crying. You must go and tell the Infanta that she may wed. Lady Grandmother, the pope has confirmed that he sent a dispensation for my wedding. I must assume that his first communication on the subject was lost - or destroyed. - I- CATHERINE: We choose to have a private wedding in the Church of the Observant Friars in Greenwich. You will not attend. [GASPS] Harry, no. I've been a mother to you. I educated you. I empowered you. I loved you. Come, Catherine. [MURMURING] [BOYS LAUGH] [LAUGHTER ECHOING] [BELLS PEALING] My queen. [BELLS PEALING] LADY MARGARET: Maid! I'm thirsty! Maid! Maid! [WHIMPERING] [BELLS CONTINUING] Are you a fever? No. I am here. To laugh at me. Well, laugh away. My children are all here with me for the wedding, but Reggie chooses not to speak. That is the final gift you've given me. Water. [WHIMPERING] [WHIMPERS] I think I know more of God than you do. [SIGHS] Ah. [GASPS] My Harry. Harry dresses for his wedding. No. The Spanish girl will destroy us all. If Harry marries her, he's cursed, no boys, no heirs. It's what his mother said on her deathbed. You call my actions evil... but I'm protecting my family, my country. It's a lonely path. I have to go. No. Everything I've built will be undone. What have you built, though? Hatred and fear. You are forsaken. [WHIMPERING] [SOBBING] LINA: This arrived today from Spain. What is it? My father says that I should know who I am marrying. It wasn't Harry who refused the match with Eleanor. It was my father who withdrew my niece's hand. Why would he do that? Because... Because my sister told him that she herself had lain with Harry. [BOYS LAUGHING] What? [BOYS LAUGHING] [GASPS] What are... No! No. No. [GASPS] Go away. Go away. Go away. Jasper. Take my soul to the gates of Heaven. - [WHIMPERING] - [THUMPING] Jasper. [CRYING] Jasper. I didn't know. I didn't know. Catherine. I had a letter from my father. My sister says... she says you lay with her. What? Is it true? Of course it isn't. Catherine, why would I have? I-I walked through fire for you. I stood against my father, risked my throne. I've said that we should be crowned together. I... How could you believe this of me? If you believe your father and your sister over me, then everyone that stood against us will have won. Everything that we fought for will... will be for nothing. Then... you didn't touch or lie with her? Of course I didn't. I'm sorry. I should have known my sister would try to hurt me. Forgive me. [SIGHS] [CHUCKLES] Catherine. You didn't lie with Arthur either, did you? No. As I have said, I am a maid. [THEME MUSIC PLAYING] [WOMEN VOCALIZING] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 