The Spanish Princess: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spanish Princess 
 s1e7 - All is Lost - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spanish Princess (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - All is Lost - full transcript 
 [STARZ] The whole country is suffering - Catherine is barely recognizable as the 'Spanish Princess' and Maggie is destitute, but Catherine is determined not to abandon her destiny. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on " The Spanish Princess"... Isabella of Castile is dead. The new Spanish queen has been blown off course to these shores. Now she is queen, my father says we cannot marry. Your father will not pay the dowry. There is no marriage you can make now. You're soiled, have no dowry and no rank. You mock us for our efforts to keep this throne for you. I will not let him break me. The Spanish princess and Prince Arthur performed their marriage duties. They knew each other. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I will not be an instrument of yours, My Lady. I remain a maid. I will sooner believe in God than that. The baby knew it wasn't wanted. I have made a marriage between my son and Princess Mary. No one tells me what to do. We do not need you, Catherine. I will miss you, Rosa. Highness. I don't want to leave you, but I need to see my family, and I know that I shamed you. Shh. Shh. I didn't mean to be a burden to you. You have never been a burden, Rosa. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You are my friend. Señora... it is not too late. You could come with me back to Spain, leave Lina here with Oviedo, and we both go home and start a new life. Highness, I implore you to join us on the voyage back. I fear what fate awaits you if you stay here now in England. Ambassador, Spain and England may no longer need me for the alliance, but Harry loves me. He told me he held fast against them all. He will be true to me. Highness. Rosa... I want to give you something. No. Señora, no... This compass helped Señor Colombo to find his way. Perhaps it will help you as well. It is yours. He gave this to you. It is precious. So are you. Maybe it will bring you back to us someday. Go well, dear Rosa. I am sorry I will miss your wedding. Your bowman is very beautiful. We will attend each other at our weddings, but you will ever be in our prayers. There's nothing, Mother. Every rabbit and even rats are being caught and eaten. Mother. Watch your brother and sister for me, and tell them I will bring them something to eat. "Dearest Father, my sister would usurp my role in the alliance by betrothing her son Charles to English Princess Mary. Impress upon her the value of my wedding to Prince Harry in strengthening her kingdom now. Have her send my dowry, and we will have a double wedding." Princess Mary. Well, now, don't we look fine? Dido awaiting her Aeneas. I was about your age when I was wed, so there's nothing to fear. Don't be profligate with the trim. In Spain, they may treat it as a gaudy spectacle, but in England, marriage is to serve God, king, and country. Quite a haul you've got yourself there, Master Dudley. Dudley. My Lady. I bring you the contributions of Essex. People of Kent proved more resistant, but their dues to the Crown will flow. I promise. You look like a cat bringing a dead mouse to its owner. Please don't make a parade of treasury affairs. Oviedo. I would like to see the king. I have orders to not show you in, my lady. "My lady"? Oviedo, she is "highness." I'll take you. I know the way, Lord Stafford. I do not need an escort. Well, I was your escort when you first came to England, so why break the habit? I was told I could see the king. The king? Do you suppose he idles here? He has weddings to arrange. Then I wish to see Prince Harry. Prince Harry is no longer here. He's gone to get ready for his wedding to your niece, Princess Eleanor. Did your sister not tell you? It was arranged before she left. Harry will not marry Eleanor. No, he is betrothed to me. The king oversaw our blessing by the bishop. Do not presume to lecture me in the law. A bended knee is not a contract. The Prince of Wales has repudiated you. It isn't true. He would not abandon me. Alas, my lady, a young man's gaze can be inconstant, fickle. Prince Harry is in Spain for his wedding to your niece. She's already fertile, so she will bear him heirs when the marriage is concluded. Prince Harry and his sister, Mary, will double-stitch our alliance with your country, and you will have no part in it. Where is the king? My dear girl, something you should learn... there is a time for dignity, for admitting one has lost and being gracious in defeat. There's no place for you now here in England. - I... - No. Close that ruby mouth. The audience is over. If you care for him at all, you'll set sail for Spain. There's nothing for you here. Lina de Cardonnes... I ask you to be my wife. You may not wear it until I place it on your finger at our wedding. Aww. How did you pay for this? I work for Lady Margaret. But she is Catherine's enemy. The only enemy is hunger and be poor. This is the country I was brought to. I did not ask to be here, but I must make my life. But must you work for her? Do you know another who can pay me? I will be your husband, and I will keep you. I am sorry the Infanta cannot be the queen of England as she dreams, but I must make a life for us, and thanks to Allah and the woman who pays me, I can. I did not mean to... Please, just don't tell the Infanta who it is who pays you. It would hurt her. Oviedo, can you take me to the king? Is he here? I must see him. You always served me with kindness and compassion. Please do this for me. Last I know, the king is in la galeria. Os doy las gracias. Your Grace. Catherine. Thank you for seeing me. I know this cannot be easy for you. Harry is... He loves me. He cannot wed my niece. Harry has a new path he must take. But does he do so willingly? For peace and duty and for king and for country, yes, I think he does. Much like his mother did in marrying me. But you found love. You think Harry can abandon his love for me? A king is not like other men. His heart belongs to his kingdom, and in that sacrifice he proves that he will be a great monarch. Harry's ambition is to make this isle master of the world. I have seen it in his eyes. Soon, we will all be in his shadow. If it is his choice... then I accept it, but... But, please, Your Grace... is he happy? You still care for his happiness? I cannot help it. I love him, so he has my heart. Sweet, constant Catherine. You were born to be a queen. I am still without a wife. I know I am not Harry, but you would yet be Queen of England. You honor me, Your Grace... but I cannot. You deserve the full heart of a wife. Mine will ever be for Harry. Yes. And mine for my dear, sweet Lizzie. Who allowed you to return? I agreed to speak with her, but now she will take her leave. Your Grace. Make sure she leaves the palace grounds, and do not readmit her. Yes, my lady. Escort her... as a princess. I think her heart is broken. Good. She may send it to her sister as a warning. There's still no word on Edmund de la Pool's return to us. He'd best be sent back soon, or perhaps we'll think again about who our friends are. My sister has betrayed me. Harry is to wed her daughter, Eleanor. They say he's left for Spain already. But, Highness, no ships have sailed to Spain since your sister left. I know because Rosa was asking. The merchant ship she and the ambassador sailed on was the first one in a month. The prince would not have sailed on that. You think he's still in England? Then I must find him. Until he tells me to my face that he forsakes me... then I believe in him. You evoke the torments of Christ in the wilderness. You're troubled. Harry, it becomes you that you wish to hold your course in matters of the heart. My father has already told me of the double-stitched alliance that Queen Joanna has demanded of us. She has a daughter whom she wishes to see wed well, and what better husband could there be in Christendom? I have prayed on king and country, peace and duty, as I was tasked to do. A king must choose his reason and his strength to choose a path which is right for England's future. What of Catherine? Where is she in this? She'll return to Spain. She's comely. She'll find another suitor. Her sister will help her, and I think you'll find her heart recovers quickly at the sight of Spanish gold. Without this second match, the whole alliance could be forfeit. I will tell you when I have decided. And I will pray on it further. It's true, then. You are a Saracen. My Lady, the word is "Muslim." There is no law against it here. Please, enlighten me. What is it that you do here on this carpet? I pray to Allah. I surrender to His will. Devotion is commendable. Tell me... does your princess know you're a heretic? I'm told you are sweethearts with her lady. That is true. What information have you for me? Who plots against the king? No one at the court, My Lady. You're sure? Send someone to the ports, and read every letter coming in and out of court. The York traitors still have friends here. We will root them out. And take this book of hours. Learn some Latin. Read the Catholic prayers and psalms. I am not Queen Isabella. My wish is for you to find the light without the need of torture. I pray the light finds you. Hey! Hey, he's stolen me onions! Watch out. Stay close. Come. Stop right there. - George. - Cousin. Let them pass. In. In, in! Oh, forgive what happened. The streets are wayward these days. Dear Maggie, the whitest of white roses. My heart is glad to... I wish you to take my boys in, George, for a time. Our fortunes are much changed. A rose of any color has thorns and can still draw blood. Why not work with us? As injustice grows, our numbers swell. There are many that hate the Tudors now. No, cousin. I came to ask for your help, but will my children be in danger here? Reggie cannot stay. He is too young. If you cannot feed him, then perhaps the monks at Sheen Priory. Sheen Priory is a silent order. They speak only on feast days. No, I-I will find another plan for Reggie. Perhaps my fortunes will reverse. They have to. Our fortunes never turn under this pretender king. If you would pledge your fealty to our York heir, De la Pool, and support his claim, you would rally half of England to his banner and the sooner this thing would end. And the sooner all my children would be in the ground. Do not let Henry come to any harm. If one drop of his blood spills, I will kill you with my own bare hands. I asked some English ladies, and we have to post our banns for three weeks before we marry. The Muslim way is we announce at our walima feast, and then we marry anywhere we wish. I did not know you want a Muslim wedding. I am Muslim. I am Catholic. Only because your father was afraid. My father was a convert to the Catholic faith, but if we are to marry in England, it must be Christian. So I am to deny my faith and lie about who pays me, but you feel free to ask me where the prince is and to tell the secrets of the court because your princess wants to know? Do you love me the most or her? I am not sure. You should be. I sacrifice for you, just as you sacrifice for me. And if I ask you where the prince is, I am asking for my own sake, because my happiness is soured by her distress. I must leave for some business. I will be back by tonight. Perhaps... we marry in a church, then have a Muslim feast? So where is Harry? All Oviedo knows is that the prince is not at court. He and Charlie Brandon left in secret. But he is still in England? He does not know. Well, summon him back here. I will talk with him. Señora, he has alread... Someone else must know. - Stand back. - Hello. What's your name? Anne. Anne, did you see the prince today, Prince Harry? He's gone. Gone? Gone where? Anne, do you know? Highness. Catherine, I mean you no offense, but your time at court, it's behind you. I wish to see the Prince of Wales. The prince is gone. He will be married. His life is not your business, and nor is any matter of the court. The longer you stay here, the more you will demean yourself. Return to Spain, I beg of you. Give up this folly. How dare he speak to me like that? I am a princess. Who is he? He is no one... Lady Catherine. Mr. Dudley. Sad to say, your rent is overdue. The rent is paid already. We have receipt of payment. See here. The rent is now eight pounds a month. Eight pounds? No, it is one pound, 15 shillings. It has increased from this month onwards. This is Lady Margaret's doing. It's a decision for the church. It is their property. We cannot pay this. It would take all the gold we have. A thousand pities, madam, but if the rent cannot be met, then you must leave. Catherine. I'm sorry. We have nowhere else to go. Neither, it seems, do I. You are welcome for as long as we remain, but, alas, I cannot stay here for much longer. My cousins cannot help us. It seems our fortunes match the others'. We both fall at the Tudors' hands. I fear you fall at mine... because I asked you to maintain my maidenhood to Lady Margaret. I thought of writing to her, telling her you lay with Arthur... but I did not know for a fact. And besides, who you did or did not lie with is of little value now. Harry has gone to marry Eleanor, as I'm sure you know. I would not give that crone the satisfaction of me writing to her, harming you, and then finding that she disregards me anyway and my fortunes are no more improved. What do they tell you of the prince's wedding? Catherine, I speak with a friendly heart, so I will speak plainly. You are without a home in England, and when Harry marries Eleanor, you are without a husband, too. But if you return to Spain, you may live as a princess again and start a new life there. Tell me something. Why would Lady Margaret tell the church to raise my rent right now if she has won? No, if Harry is to marry Eleanor, what threat could I be? Margaret Beaufort may simply want to fatten the exchequer. She has raised the rents of all of her tenants. We must accept that the world has turned against us and there is no hope. When my mother's camp of tents was burned down to the ground, she built a camp of stone. Your mother had an army at her back, a kingdom at her feet. You cannot even pay your rent. Señor Colombo once showed me a trick. When the sailors on his ships faced a storm, they put their hands together, and the tattoos on their fingers made these two words... "ya basta," hold fast. It helped them reach the New World. I will reach my new world, Maggie, and you must reach yours, too. Chart a course. Head towards it. Thank you for letting us share your room. What a beautiful dress. It is for my wedding. Good night. "Dearest Harry, though I have not heard from you, I hold fast to my... our love. I believe that I was born to love you as the sun exists to shine upon the roses in the palace garden. You are my destiny, and I will not forsake you. Come back to me, wherever you may be." Wherever. Harry, my dearest prince, I'm in darkness when I'm apart from you. I wilt upon the vine of your absence, and my heart feels dry. Moments of time are but an eternity. Harry. Harry. Harry. Where have you been? I need you. I need you, too. Be with me. No king's command, nothing can keep me from you, Catherine. Only the crown. For that, I will toss love away. Harry? A king can play with love, but he cannot build his reign on it. Look. This is Princess Eleanor. She is my bride. She will bear my sons... and I will build my reign. You burned my letters... so I burned yours. Without you, I am lost. Then you'll need this. Is it from Harry? Your father. I have one final card to play. "To my daughter, Caterina, I write with news so sad that I can hardly bear to tell of it. Your sister's husband, Philip, whom we all of us loved dearly, had the fever and is dead. Your sister's mind is weak and full of fantasy, and she spread the godless slander that his death must be from poison at my hand, that I did it to win power back in Spain. Joanna tried to rule alone, but she is cracked with grief. She fell to such a strange madness that I had to have her locked up in the convent of Santa Clara, and I fear that she will not regain her wits. The burden of the kingdom falls to me, and I am now ruler of the Spanish empire. Dear Caterina, if anyone speaks ill of me, defend my honor, and I will send your dowry." Dowager princess, you cannot be here. There are orders to bar you... Chaplain Woolsey, I would like to see the king. The privy council is about to be in session. The Infanta has brought urgent news from Spain. From Queen Joanna? There is no queen. If you wonder why your enemy, Edmund de la Pool, is not returned to you, then I have news. Your Grace, the dowager princess brings an urgent message. No. Out. Now, let her speak. The queen's consort, Philip, Archduke of the House of Habsburg, is dead. My sister's grief has caused her health to fail, and her son and heir, Prince Charles, who is betrothed to your Princess Mary, is only eight and is too young to rule. My father has declared himself the king of Spain again, and I am named ambassador to England. Ambassador? That is a position for a man. I sat at my mother's feet in the Alhambra palace. I listened to my father in the golden Hall of the Ambassadors. Statecraft has always been my family business. I see this for what it is. You cannot block the weddings we have brokered. My father can. My niece and nephew are in his keeping now. Your father wants this alliance as much as we do. Yet he offered me my dowry. You were right, My Lady, when you said my father is as tricky as a fox, but you need him now to save yourselves from France. I am his proxy in this court, so unless you wish to cross him, I will take Señor de Fuensalida's quarters for the moment, and my lady will lodge with me. Hmm. But, Catherine... my son... I know you will seek to find him, probably scour this palace from top to toe. But he is gone. Your Grace. Guards. He will not stop these marriages. This is a ruse to stay at court. I know a schemer when I see one, and I see a Spanish schemer in a skirt. I will write again to Maximilian. We must know if De la Pool has been dispatched or if my enemy has found a new shelter under Ferdinand. Mother? We're going to have to be very brave. We need to live apart for a little while. But when I can find a way, we'll be together again. Did you see him at court? He is gone, but I don't believe he is in Spain. My father would have told me. I have written to him, asking him to find another match for Eleanor and to let me have Prince Harry. I still have some time. But we do not. Maggie, do you know where you will go? I... Let me speak to the king on your behalf. He is not a cruel man. Perhaps he will accept you back at court. They will not accept me. I have no currency with them. Catherine, you were right. I need to find my own New World. Lady Pole... it is very little, but it will buy food. Please, take this... from us. No. Let us do you this small kindness in memory of our beloved Arthur. How different the world would have been had he lived, for England, for all of us. May I ask one more favor? May I borrow paper and ink? Up! There we go. Please don't touch. Bird and the bath go to the king. Now, you can't speak a word in here, because it's a special kind of church. It's a quiet church, but at night, you can whisper to your little poppet, see? Poppet knows how to keep quiet, and he'll keep all your secrets safe. No, no, please. Reggie, I'll find a way to bring you back. And we'll be back together before you know it. Please, Mummy. I'll be good. I promise. We'll be just across the river at Syon Abbey with the nuns. We're so close, we can see the chimneys here. And we'll visit you on feast days, and... and... Is this because of Daddy? 'Cause it's my fault Daddy died? No, my dearest boy. Never say that. It's not your fault. Mummy loves you with all of her heart. I promise we'll return. Please, Mummy, please. I don't want Poppet. I want you. I'll bring it for you next time. God grant me time to see all the Tudors dead. George. Mother. Ursula. Henry. I do not come for charity. Ursula and I are staying in a nunnery. I am sorry. I have written to my cousin Edmund. I have pledged my full support in ending England's tyranny. We will destroy the Tudors, send them all to Hell, and restore the true and glorious house of York. I will stand with you and do whatever it may take. I will cut their throats myself, every man, woman, and bastard son. I will help you dress. I can dress myself now, Lina. Your first duty as ambassador will be to oversee Princess Mary's betrothal ceremony to Charles. That is not within an ambassador's remit. Someone must translate, and perhaps your overseeing it will aid your acceptance that the alliance is being made without you. Hmm, bended knee is not a marriage. You said so yourself. My father could still change his mind before Princess Mary weds in law, and Harry is not yet in Spain, so he is not yet married, either. Prince Harry's whereabouts is not your province. The king and myself are both great-great-grandchildren of John of Gaunt, our royal ancestor who bequeathed us the throne, whereas you, My Lady, are John of Gaunt's great-grandchild. You have a stronger claim to the English throne than either your son or grandson. If only women were allowed to rule here, as in Spain. That is treason. I only observe that given your intellect and ambition, were it not for your sex, you could have been the greatest queen of England. You know what you must do, so go quickly. - Now go. - Yes, sir. So you live again at the palace. Your mistress torments our Infanta for her sport. How can you do the bidding of such a woman? You defend a woman whose mother tormented our people, Moors and Jews. Isabella made... Lady Margaret shows my faith respect. She would not see me burn for my belief. Nor would Catherine, as you know well. Why must we always fight each other? Is this the way that it will be? Must you really work for Lady Margaret? I have received a reply from my cousin. "The time to strike is now. "Together, we will raise the people and reclaim the kingdom. Your faithful cousin and rightful king, Edmund de la Pool." There it is! Make ready, gentlemen. Do I see Edmund de la Pool on English soil once more? Yes, you do, and I bring God's wrath and the Yorks down upon Henry bloody Tudor. Come. The ale must be served as soon as Princess Mary stands after the ceremony. Half cups, that is decent. To the brim is not. It's a royal wedding, not a tavern party. He says that there are many coming to join us and that he will tell us of the plan tonight. Do not use one thoroughfare on the way to meet him. Ensure that you're not followed. We must not lead them to him. Will you check inside? My Lady. Thank you. My lady. Good day, Your Grace. Our new ambassador has done a marvelous job with this wedding. She might consider dressing more appropriately. Anyone would think she's the bride. Oh, what in the name of Christendom is she... Something troubles you, Lady Margaret? My granddaughter has vanished. I will look for her. Please, allow me. There was only one person I wished to talk to before my wedding. What does He say? Nothing. He's 300 years old, the man they say I'll marry one day. That is not your husband, Mary. That is the man they've sent to promise him to you. And Charles, who is to be your husband, is younger than you are. I won't like him. You will come to. One day, when you marry him and come to know him, you will learn... what makes him sad and what makes him laugh. That is the adventure. Is it? Yes. It is a glorious adventure, to learn about a person. Love will follow. Do you know what makes Harry laugh? Yes, I think I do. I'm not supposed to tell you, but I know where Harry is. He's in Hatfield. It's not far from London. Ohh. Oh, body of Christ. I'll need a shave before he gets there. Charles is very handsome, and if he ever annoys you, I will bite his ear off, because I'm his mean old aunt. The Sieur de Berghes will receive the blessing on his feet. Gracias. Mary, you as well. I know where Harry is. He is only a few hours' ride from here. What have you for me? I, uh... I don't know if this is a... "George Neville, William Courtenay, Margaret Pole." It is God's work you have done. You men, pay attention. My Lady. We're here to serve you, My Lady. What is it? What is happening? The safety of the realm. I give my thanks to God. The Spanish alliance is sealed, and our greatest enemy is brought home to us, Edmund de la Pool. Your sister paved the way with Spanish gold. Tonight, all those who plotted with him will meet their end, including Lady Margaret Pole. Does Prince Harry know of this? They are his family. They are traitors. They're a threat to him. The red rose will eclipse the white, as in the Tudor coat. Lina... I set this in motion when I told my sister how to win her freedom. I must send word to warn Maggie. ...Spiritus Sanctus. ♪ Amen ♪ Come on. Mummy, I need a wee. Not now, darling, please. We're in a hurry. Look. There's your brother. Mummy, I can't hold it. All right. Quickly, then. Hurry. - Stay where you are! - Seize them! Don't move! - There they are! - Traitor! Traitors to the crown! I've got him! I've got De la Pool! Hold them! You've got your orders! I want all of them! Let me go! Take them. Henry, no. Tudor bastard! - Come here. - No. No. No. Don't choose this day to die, boy. - No. Henry! - Stay still, and I'll protect you. Get off me! Come on! Let go! Run. Go. There may be more! That one, get her! - Quickly. - Hold them! That way! There they are! Stop them! Come on! This way! - Run. Run. - Here! Mummy! - In there! - In here. Mummy. This way. Open up, in the name of the king! Open this door now! About fucking time, Sister. Ohh! They went this way. Wait. They must be somewhere. Find them! Over here! Look through there! No sign of 'em. Good girl. Come. Don't run. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 