The Spanish Princess: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spanish Princess 
 s2e7 - Faith - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spanish Princess (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Faith - full transcript 
 A new religion is on the rise, as is tension at court. Catherine must stop Henry's dangerous paranoia from turning friends into enemies... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Your Grace, Cardinal Wolsey has been speaking with your daughter. He says she is to marry. Wolsey seeks to wed her to the dauphin. I would sooner see her marry Charles, the King of Spain. He is still kind to you? He is changed. -I have given him nothing. -Mary... she will be the one to rule and follow you in greatness. We are being threatened. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I see the rioters and the immigrants. -Henry, no! It is the king who is the cause of all their suffering. My sister Meg writes to me, claiming that her own marriage is invalid. I know your family has connections with the pope. Put to him my case for an annulment. The man they call the "Alter Rex," the "other king." Catherine, go to Mary and tell her she will be queen-- Queen of Spain. Henry, I am with child again. It's one final chance. I fight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You fight. He fights. Pugno... pugnas, pugnat. We fight. Come on at me, then, if ya dare, ya Scots dog. Ah! We fight. Pugnamus, pugnatis, pugnant. You're dead, sassenach. Arrest them! Seize all the documents! Now, Mary, we will show your father-- No, no. I-I need hear no more. Princess Mary is a wonderful student, Your Majesty, a natural scholar. Girls can learn as well as boys. To read the Gospels. And even to govern. The queen has engaged a tutor from Spain, Your Majesty. A remarkable-sounding man. Oh, very well. But as to who will govern England after me, the answer does not lie in here... but in there. Your Majesty. The arrests have been made in Blackfriars. Mm. What matter is this, Lord Stafford? Ah, heretics, Your Grace, that started out of Saxony. Ah. Martin Luther's reformists. They say the pope is not holy and the king is not anointed by God. Indeed, Your Grace. Oh, and, Your Majesty, that milksop from Scotland requests audience. We were going after deer. You did very well, Mary. She would have done better with a stronger governess, perhaps. You have indulged her too often, Maggie. There were several dispatches from the Holy Father, Your Grace, but, uh, nothing about an annulment of your marriage. When will this be at an end? -Mm. It gets worse. We've just learned Angus has ridden to London to petition the king for support. By Christ Jesu. What is marriage but a chain around the body, pulling you into the depths? I need independence, and my brother denies me my inheritance! This money from your brother is a phantom, Your Grace. You must let it go. No. I will go to London and speak to my brother. What about that cur, Angus? If I see him, I will cut his manhood off. Hal Stewart! Ready my horses and provisions. We have a long ride ahead. My wife divides kingdoms with her arrogance. She creates bad humor within our land. She's openly hostile towards you, Your Grace. Your Majesty, Margaret may even incite more violence against the English. Your Majesty... Meg doesn't want a war. The earl has personal grievances which he attempts to drag you into. She asked the pope to annul our union, to declare our marriage illegitimate. I forbade her this course of action. -She makes a fool of me. -This plan is futile. Indeed. A marriage made in God's eyes cannot be undone. Unless the pope decides it. All things are possible from Rome. This fool is ill news, Your Majesty. He upsets the prince. Ride back to Scotland, Angus. -I-I merely warn you to-- -No. You're dismissed, my lord. Such talk of waging war on the sanctity of marriage. -That this could even be raised to pollute this court... And the church digs them out. Undersheriff More has been charged with finding the ringleaders. And I pray that every rat is caught... in the name of God and in the name of God's appointed king. Earl Angus, we understand that the Duke of Albany proposes a petition to the pope for your marriage to be annulled. Yes, eh, he does. As Meg's co-regent, he-- Is that all he is? Co-regent? If they were lovers, the pope would see they had a personal and immoral motive and throw out their petition without consideration. I see, Your Grace. Yes, that would be so. I will inform the Scottish council. Waste no time. Return to Edinburgh and tell them of the queen's disgrace. You have our support. - Bloody foreigners. - That's right. An army is for a valiant purpose... for war, for the upkeep of justice. More and more, I feel like a street thug. There is a darkness at court. The king prowls the palace, and the queen looks for his favor. She seems ever more desperate. It no longer feels safe anywhere, Ovideo, even here at home. This is a different England. Lord, You have taken all my sons. Is not the price of my sin paid? Please. Please grant me a boy. I will prove my worth, Lord. I will defend Your church. I will please both You and Your anointed king... What do you want? If I may be so bold, Your Grace, what a strange thing to ask a cardinal in a church. The king's sister Margaret rides south towards court. We hope you can reason with her. I have loved her well, but she goes too far with talk of annulment. Mm. Where, uh... Where are your ladies? I wish to walk alone. I notice you walk alone more often. I pray alone. -For the heir. - Mm. Must require a great deal of supplication... to maintain such faith in the wake of... so much loss. Yes. And now my son and I will retire. It is a threat, Wolsey. This Protestant heresy. We both feel it. So perhaps we should stop bickering between ourselves and defend our God and our king... for both our sakes. What do you say? Printed upon London presses and sent all over the country. And the hideous poison spreads. Now they say that the Church cannot absolve sin and that giving alms does not cleanse the soul. Then what do they think Christ died for? -Sin can be washed away. - Hmm. We can be made clean again by God's grace. The queen is quite correct, both in her disgust at this filth but also in her ecumenical argument against it. God be praised we destroyed a press in Blackfriars. One press will not stop it. We have mustered men from the palace barracks. Rest assured, there'll be many more arrests. Good. The rats must be stamped out. Are we not in danger of hysteria? How so? This group of fanatics is a tiny minority. A dangerous group, nonetheless. The king and queen are right to pronounce heresy and treason. So we waste men and taxes that our army needs-- One spark can burn a city, Lord Stafford! But instead, a fire must be made of this filth, as the cardinal calls it. And if necessary, from those who spread it. Yes. If it should come to that. We are defending God, gentlemen, and His King of England. -Hear, hear. -Hear. Well, we'll think on it. Between you and Wolsey, I'm surrounded by good counsel. I love that look in your eye when your blood's up. Mm. It is the power of the prince within me. He gives me his strength... which comes from you. Meg wishes to betray her wedding vows at first sign of trouble. But we, Henry... we overcome and find ourselves again. Do you hate my sister now? I hate her heresy. Annulment of marriage will damn her soul. Then again, if I just indulge her, then that might shut her bleating. It's her own soul she risks, not mine. No... No, Henry, it is an outrage. If she pushes for this, then Meg is possessed by the same devil that inspires Martin Luther and his-- Oh, oh. Shh. Stop. You must not upset the baby. -It must be calm within you-- -H-he. He. It is a he, Henry. We are beloved. Well, if we are beloved, then Stafford must be hated. The man has three sons. You saw what just happened. I'm questioned at counsel. If I had a son, it would reassert my authority. Then I will hurry him to you. Whoa, Grace, slow down. -Whoa, whoa. -Ha. What's wrong? We'll snap our horses in two at this rate. Don't fret. I'm not some posy of bonnie flowers, Hal Stewart. It's not ya I'm worried about. It's me. -I haven't ridden like that since racing my cousins on the farm. Oh, so it's a race you're after. That's not what I said. But a race to London it is. Come on! -Yah! Ha ha! Señor Vives has traveled from Spain. - Your Grace. - All this way to teach you astronomy, mathematics, poetry. Indeed. As Princess Mary's governess, señor, I can attest to her serious curiosity. But I would encourage you to coax her to study and not to indulge her. Will you go to him now, Mary? Con rapidez,Princess Mary. Princess Mary. -Princess Mary. - Princess Mary. Come back! She's--if you will permit me, Highness... She is much as you were. She will be a fine companion to the King of England. Her brother. As Princess Mary is with Señor Vives, Your Grace, may I be excused? We see so little of you both these days. And Charlie was always so close to the king. There was a time where Charlie wouldn't want to be anywhere else other than at court, but... What do you mean? Is Charlie displeased with the king? No, never! Never. He-he loves the king, a-as I do, but there are others the king looks to in his wisdom. As Lady Pole looks to the wisdom of Thomas More, I notice, a great deal. Lady Pole, how fares your daughter and her new husband? They are well. Thank you, Cardinal. I will see them soon at Lord Stafford's estate, where they now have rooms. Ah, yes. The grand house. Hmm. Hopefully, a fine inheritance. It will be. Most certainly. Why would "hopefully" come into it? Thomas. Let's move out! Move out! You may like to know that I have heard from Reggie in Oxford. -Ah! -He thrives. Good. I'm glad. And I feel foolish to ask for my other son, but... he is too zealous in the name of the king. He gets so angry, and I'm sure that you could cool the fire in his blood... Forgive me, I'm not quite sure what I'm asking, but-- I could assign him to my personal guard. That way, I could keep a watchful eye on him if need be. How does that sound? Thank you. Thank you, Thomas. You are... It is a dark world sometimes, but you are the candle that is constant and never flickers. "Candle that is constant." You should be a writer. Would you consider coming to my family house in Chelsea? I have a wonderful private study there where I also write and read, which I'd love to share with you. Maybe even have some lemon cake. How does that sound? -That sounds wonderful. -Good. The world is a dark place, Maggie, but my home is my haven. And, well... it would gladden my heart if it became your haven, too. Do come. We took five men and women to the cells at Southwark. They were passing out the same heretical writings. A public hanging would send a clear message, Your Grace. For now, I believe heavy fines will suffice, Your Grace. The king's divine station is assaulted, and a fine is sufficient? Your Grace, the Church petitions for swift justice. Collect every disgusting pamphlet you can find, Wiltshire. The cardinal and I will have a public burning, and the message will be clear. We do not burn heretics in England, Your Grace. I know. Good people of London, His Majesty, King Henry, and his exalted Queen Catherine ask you to observe, to listen, and to pass on what you see. "And He will also say to those on his left, "'Depart from Me, accursed ones, "'into the eternal flame which was prepared for the Devil and his angels.'" All that is not of God, be it paper or flesh, will go to God's fire. Highness, please try to relax. You are like a wooden board. Then bathe me better, and I will relax. I have bathed you for many years. No lady alive could do better. -Feel free to find one. -I will. Immediately. Tomorrow. Let us talk of our adventures. "Adventures"? The adventure of our lives... ...when we crossed the deserts of Castile and fought Moor rebels and defeated them. Why do you cry? Because those days... they were in sunlight. And now everything is in shadow. No! No, I have the king's love again. But to love the king, do you have to hate so many others? I don't understand, Lina. The Lutherans. You and the cardinal will be hanging men and women before too long. Bring me a robe. Many face ruin and prison or worse on your command! The cardinal and I, we are defending God, Lina. It is my duty to defend the true faith. That was what your mother thought. And in time, there was Inquisición! Enough! -Highness-- -Go! Now. Oh, yes, good throw. -Can't be bettered. -Eh, we'll see. Why? Uh, Your Majesty, may you please excuse me? I promised my wife I'd walk with her to see the new peacocks. Only at your pleasure, Your Majesty. Henry, our sister returns again. Hello, Catherine. Hello, brother. My, but you do like long rides, don't you? No, in fact, I do not. But I ride to claim what is rightfully mine, my inheritance. Go back to your bog-ridden country before I forget you're my sister. Henry, please, can we at least-- You should be inside. The air is too chill for my son. Walk with me, Meg. It is a daily struggle to hold my country together. I am depleted of resources. -And I demand that he honor-- -You make demands of the king? No. And as for honor, where is your honor towards God? You defy His Majesty and ask the pope to annul your marriage. Catherine, you once told me to fix my place in the stars and not be diverted. I come simply to claim what is mine. And I am fixed. What happened to the sister I once knew? So we have nothing more to discuss. Nothing. Farewell... Queen Margaret. Are you quite certain about this? Oh, yes, Hal Stewart. Good morning. I trust you know who I am. Open the door. I will collect the deeds of my inheritance. They'll be here somewhere. To hell with parchment. I will take what I'm owed in gold. Think of it as a border raid. No, Hal. Forgive me. The last man I fell for all but ruined me. I cannot fall for another. I must remain fixed on my course. For Scotland. Well, my sister's a true Scot now, isn't she? As they're all thieves. You'll send riders after them? No, I will not chase after her like some commoner robbed in the street. I will leave you, Your Majesty. Though I do hope you will think on the other matter. Pray, what matter, Cardinal? There are rumors concerning Lord Stafford. Sisters, friends-- why must I waste my love on them? You must not let your ill humor over Meg cloud your friendship with Edward Stafford. My power falters. The lords scoff at me. Meg robs me. Henry, your power is safe. No one can challenge that. And I am here to support you. Curse the rain. I really wanted us to walk through the gardens. The Lenten lillies and gillyflowers are so beautiful. And the gardeners were trained in the gardens of Richmond. It is a splendid home, Ursula. So why do you look like you've just been stung by a bee, Lady Mother? I worry for all my children. It is a mother's lot, I suppose. But Reggie is finding his way, and thanks to the kindness of Thomas More, our Henry will find peace of heart. You care for More. But he is married. Ursula, I do not care for Master More in that way. Wash your mouth out. Ladies, enjoying the sights of the house, I see. My wife is the only sight that I care for. Oh, Henry. -Was I ever like that? What's troubling you? Cousin, are you concerned about Wolsey? The butcher from Ipswich? No, I'm not. The king likes him because he's of common birth and cannot be a threat to him. He is now so close to the cardinal, and we all know what Wolsey thinks of you. My daughter is now part of this family. Ah. I see. Do not fret. I have been friends with the king since childhood. We fought together, drank together. We've even courted ladies together. Let Wolsey have the king's ear. I have Henry's heart. Come, let us ride back to Westminster... ...in good spirits. Take this for me. I shall retire to my rooms. Oh... No, no. No, no, stay away! Go! I-I'm just walking off a cramp. Ah! Your Grace? Stafford, um... get me to my-- Please, please take me to my chambers, please. Your Grace, uh, it would not be proper. Let me call your ladies-- Help me! Help me, please. All right. -All right. Shh, shh, shh. Shh, shh. All right. Here. -Shh, shh, shh. Okay. I-I'll call a nursemaid. No, no. Close the door. Please. Why? Why can I not give him the son he needs? Why? Is my sin so great? No, no, no. -Shh, shh, shh. Breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe. You must tell no one. Please. Please. Please, not the king. Please, I be-- I-I beg you. I swear to you, I will tell no one. Thank you. Your Grace, Your Grace. Lord Stafford. If you will excuse me, the king has asked me to eat with him. You should be resting, Your Grace. My health is good. All is well. You may yet bear the king a son. But if you do not, then that is God's will also. Try to find comfort in that mystery, Your Grace. I'm told that good English people have taken heed of the warnings you issued them. They're burning Luther's pamphlets, punishing his followers. You and the cardinal have done fine work for me. May I, Your Majesty? Mm. What is it? Very well, then. What was in that paper? Affairs of state. You've challenged the people of London to clean their streets of filth. I'm cleaning the filth at court. Will you excuse me? I... I would like to take some air. Cousin, Maggie, I would urge you to visit the queen. She may need your help. I will. Can I ask why? Lord Stafford. Wolsey. My word, you are enlisting very ugly altar boys these days. Edward Stafford, Duke of Buckingham, you are hereby accused of high treason against -His Majesty, King Henry... - What? What possible -charge can there be... -And the commonwealth -of England. -Against Lord Stafford? This is pure spite. There can be no just cause against the king's loyal friend and counselor. Do not be alarmed, Lady Pole. The alter rex merely tests his imagined power. Oh, but the Tower... is very... very real, my lord. Take him away. Highness. Are you feeling all right? Your Grace. Catherine. Maggie. Did you know about Lord Stafford? -Henry. - Stop. -He's a traitor. -He is your friend. He loves you. He foolishly exploited what he sees as a weakness in the king. A weakness in the greatest monarch this country has ever known? -It defies reason. -Henry. Do not throw away those who love you. Do not upset your humors, or you risk my son. Thomas. You are a reasonable man. Can you not make him see sense? In what fairy tale do you suppose I would counter the king in this matter, Your Grace? His Majesty talks of humors. Have you taken measure of the humor at court these days? Your Grace. My Lord Stafford. I have seen some of the charges. They are absurd. You should not have troubled yourself. I'll be here a few days. I see it clearly now. The king's mood has darkened, and the cardinal exploits him for his own gain. But I may still reason with Wolsey. -I believe we have a greater understanding. Henry will humiliate me, but he will not kill me. Even so... beg for the king's forgiveness. Wiltshire and Brandon are too afraid to speak out. Promise me you will beg him. Very well. I will beg. For you, my queen. What happened? What happened? He's a Lutheran reformist. Racked for his willing confession. Withdraw your charges against Stafford. I cannot, Your Grace. -They are severe. -He's no threat to-- To the king? I believe he is. The king needs his counselors, his generals, and his friends. Stafford is all three. If you will excuse me, Your Grace, there is a case to prepare. I thought we were allies in the king's interest. I already have an ally in the king's interest. God. And it is He who tells me that His Majesty's greatest enemies are those... ...closest to him. Master More is finishing a letter in his study, my lady. But he says to please find yourself at home. All rooms are open to you. Thank you. Please tell Master More I am here on an urgent matter. I would see him as soon as possible. Highness, I see you still punish me. I should dismiss you forever for your words. I will give you my deepest secrets. What secrets? My mother and father never truly converted to Catholicism. They were Morisco. They secretly held Islam in their hearts. There were so many like them, out of fear for your mother's wrath. You cannot compare me to my mother on the matter of the Protestant. Can I not? Highness, you have always craved to be your mother. If you burn books, will you soon burn people? To please your husband, will you burn other heretics? Muslims? Jews? My own husband? Of course not! All of this so that you can be forgiven by God for marrying on a lie! He will not forgive me, no matter how I pray. No matter what I do, God has taken another little boy from me. I'm sorry. I have been possessed. Shh. I want the sands to run upwards in the glass, Lina. I want to go back to the days when I was so certain of Henry's love -and of my place. -Shh. -I know. I know, my sweet. Thank you, Friar. So... we have heard that Lord Stafford consulted false prophets and necromancers to ascertain the future of the king's reign and if he would produce an heir. Childish gossip, Your Majesty. Lord Stafford is a God-fearing Christian who attends Mass every day. And in France, I believe he was the first to offer Your Majesty's great victory at Tournai up to God. Yet, this good friar tells us that Stafford came to the monastery at St. Tristan because he heard there was a book that predicted the king's death. Is there such a book, Cardinal? There is not. Ah, pity. Well, if there were, I, too, would be intrigued to see it. One of the queen's own ladies came to me with the most troubling news... that she heard Lord Stafford with the queen, saying that-- I can hardly bear to say these words. Saying that... if the king were to never have an heir, it would be God's judgment upon him. He said... that if another prince were to die, it would sit right with him. -I never said that. -You were heard, sir! I never said that! I-I said that God's plans are mysterious. I was merely trying to comfort the queen! For what? Your Majesty? Why did the queen need comfort? Were you comforting the queen when you visited her privy chamber? You-you were in the queen's private rooms... alone... at night, were you not? Lord Stafford saw that I was tired. As my ladies were not present, he escorted me to my chambers himself. Ah. Why were your ladies absent? Stafford, why did you not call on them? Ah, because... naturally, the queen... wished to sleep undisturbed. Was it an attempt to persuade the queen on this? You have been dismissive of the king's efforts to crush the Lutheran threat. Lord Stafford merely questioned the expense of the public purse in quelling it. Do you see the king as cursed? Do you, as a man with historic family ties to York, wish to see the king and his church overthrown? I love His Majesty with all my heart. You're more than my king. You're my friend. And my every word... a-and action is in support of him... ...and of his queen. Please, beg. So I... ...humbly beg forgiveness for any slight or insult that I may have unwittingly... laid at His Majesty's feet. Henry... ...forgive me. We have never had cause to question your heart, Lord Stafford... and we do not now. Your service to us has been a constant. The king has always valued your friendship, and your contrition is full and moves us. Did the queen save him, Mother? I do not know. Oh, this wretched place, Ursula. Lady Pole. Lady Pole, I can tell from the look in your eye that you're in some way displeased with me. -But I can assure you-- -Leave us, Ursula. You left my home so suddenly, I... I could not bear what I saw there. In your own home, Thomas... where your daughters eat and read. Ah. When the men in that room finally confess their rebellion, they... free themselves for salvation. I do good, Maggie. There is no good in that machine. I fight a war for God and for the Crown every day. It is a spiritual war against unseen forces. Yes, it is bloody, and it is... awful, and I take no pride in it, but... it sits right with my conscience, Maggie. How comforting your certainty must be to raise your principles above all men and women. How wonderful that your conscience drowns out crying and screaming. I will pray for such comfort myself, Master More, for I am in great need of some blessed peace of mind. Henry. If you let him die, your heart will break. We have been fervent in our desire to do God's will, and many have suffered for it on the streets of London. So I wonder... if God will not bless our fervor, then perhaps He will bless our compassion. Why do you say this? God has blessed us. You carry a boy. And... ...my fear for Lord Stafford may hazard our son in the womb. Let us be temperate with this court and this kingdom, for our son's sake... and our own. I'll not hasten to pardon him. Ursula. The king will spare him. The queen has said so. And your father trusts the king. The king does not attend. The queen at least has the courage to see this through. Shh! - If we are heard-- -I am the king's sister. And you are Stafford's friend. Mark this day, Mary. From now on, no one is safe. Watch your step, my lord. Good morning, my lords. This weather is cold and dismal. I hope today does not affect your good health... ...for it still may. Edward Stafford, Duke of Buckingham, you stand convicted of treason. You are hereby sentenced to death. And all your lands and titles... shall be forfeit to the Crown... ...so that your heirs will not inherit them. The king means to humiliate him, then? Then grant a pardon? Make way. Make way. -Your Grace. - Thank God. -A message from the king. -Give it to me, Thomas. Your Grace, I was ordered by the king-- Give it to me! "To my Lord Stafford, "my dearest friend and noble servant, I commend"-- "I commend you this day to Almighty God." "I will light candles and say prays for your soul -as it departs this world." "Henry." I... hear and accept His Majesty's word. I'm sorry. I don't have any money to pay for a clean death. The man is paid. I served you in Tournai, sir. I serve you still. Thank you. My king... ...my queen... ...I love you both. I never wished you any harm. My last act upon this earth is to offer a prayer for your long and happy reign... ...and to wish you a son. With all my heart, a son. Vivat rex. Long live the king. Long live the king. Fuck off. Long live the king. Long live the king. Your Grace, the king is exhausted. I am surprised you do not curl up to sleep -at the foot of his bed. I will speak with him at first light. His Majesty leaves early to hunt. Are you happy, Wolsey? You have your place by the fire, but I wonder how warm it may become for you in time. Your Grace? If Henry seeks the annulment of our marriage, the pope will consult the Holy Roman Emperor, who is my nephew Charles. And Charles will tell him that I'm Henry's wife in God's eyes and the law. And nothing on this earth can change that. Who will you side with then, Cardinal? Your God and pope or your king? I suggest you pray on it. I do fear sometimes that... the fire is warm. What secret will burn you, Your Grace? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 