The Spanish Princess: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spanish Princess 
 s2e1 - Camelot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spanish Princess (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Camelot - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously onThe Spanish Princess... God save the King. Your father passed into God's mercy, Your Grace. Maggie, I will see you freed from here. You have no power, Catherine. We are at the mercy of the Tudors. Lina, I ask you this... that you will pledge yourself to me and our new family. I've made a marriage plan for my sister, Princess Mary. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And Charles, who is to be your husband, is my Spanish nephew. A pardon. You may return to court with all your children. You will be looked after. The army marches out to Kent. I go with them and then perhaps to war in France. I love you. Harry, tell me what my fate shall be. The Spanish girl will destroy us all. If Harry marries her, he is cursed. No boys, no heirs. We do not fear the morrow. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We make it as king and wife. Your... Your Grace? If my father is to visit... I will wear the most precious one. Bessie, bring the crown. - Your Grace. - Good evening, Your Grace. Chaplain Wolsey. Unhand me at once. How dare you touch your queen? This is an outrage. No, the outrage... is that you've been too many hours away from me. A queen must ready for the King of Spain's arrival. Her lips are moving, but I cannot hear a word. Take care, my lord... or you may lose your kingship. I think you'd be more upset than I if that fate should befall me. He is here, your father. The last steps will be delicate, but I have made a vow to Henry, and I will deliver on it. Oviedo will be glad. The troops are tired of waiting at the coast. The French have felt the heat of our gaze, but if my father joins us, and we sail, then they will feel our weapons. Oh... Maggie, I will take him now. Oh, hello, my handsome prince. My little jewel, Henry. Come, meet your tricky abuelo. Ursula. Lady mother, here. Henry. Reggie, we're going to meet Catherine's father, the King of Spain. Well, he's only king because he stole the crown from his daughter, Joanna, and threw her in the madhouse. Princess Mary. Well, next it will belong to you. Oh, heavens. Is that who I've been betrothed to all this time? You could slice bread with that chin. Look how rich his clothes are, Mary. You could bathe in gold. His Imperial Highness, King Ferdinand of Aragon and Castile, and his heir and grandson, Charles of Burgundy. We present to you the English court. Your Graces, welcome. Where is Katalina? Behold... my son and heir, the future king of England, Henry IX! We welcome our Spanish guests, my father, King Ferdinand, my nephew Charles. We hope that soon you will be England's family, too. King "Henary." We meet. Welcome to our court. We hope before too many suns have set that we'll seal a Holy League between our two great nations and avenge the Pope for the lands the French have stolen from him. Together, we will have war against France. But first, we eat. We have this pescado... but bigger. I bring sugared grapes for you, your favorite. Remember? Take one. Please, enjoy our... Camelot. He's shorter than I imagined. He is challenged by you. You should take it as a compliment. A young mischief and mystery. There's no mystery in Mary. Mm, she acts giddy, but she can play the role in seven languages. I'm quite sure of it. Uh, Thomas... a scholar, statesman, educator, and great intellect. Mary, he will best you, so do not even try to take him on. I wouldn't dream of it. - I'm Thomas More. - Lady Margaret Pole. Pleasure. I've recently had the honor of being appointed undersheriff to the King. Your reputation goes before you. Is it true you nearly left the law to take religious orders? I did. I spent... a happy year with Carthusian monks outside the city of London. Alas, it was not my calling. Excuse me. Are we the center of the world, Charlie? Of course we are. A shame that Meg is not here, then. I'm sure your sister's having a splendid time with her dashing Scottish king. Come on, sit up. You haven't finished yet. Uh, no. Stop it. Food is for eating and not throwing. Ah, my love! What a perfect sight you all make. James, your son is throwing food. Ah, he's a boy! I'll not have his wings clipped by a woman. I told you not to make gunpowder when you're drunk. That is not clipping your wings. It's saving your life. Well, if we don't try our hand at science, we'll never learn anything new, hen, eh? Will you tend to them? How much do I look like a queen to you? I'm covered in the mess of your children. Remind me again, how many of them are mine? Oh, yes, just two. Aye. Precious they are, too, my love, the ones that lived. While Catherine, Queen of England... Negasi, will you stop playing, please? It soothes the soul, Your Grace. Catherine writes that her father is visiting London and all of Christendom celebrates her for the pact she is negotiating between England, Spain, and Burgundy. Even the Pope has praised her for it. James... What is that? Teeth. That's a Douglas, and that one's a Stewart. If they're gonna kill each other, they may as well be used for science. Catherine unites. We should do the same with the clans. Ah, even the Bruce found that tough weather. That's why England lords it over us. My brother sent me here to make the peace between our countries, and we have that. And if Catherine can engage in the running of her country, so can I. Stick to what you're good at... keeping house and raising bairns. I wish for Spain and England to be strong together. This French campaign against the Pope must be defeated. If we unite, we can achieve that. You wish to make war with France for the sake of the Pope, or maybe you want to win back your own land? France could be another golden ball to ornament your Camelot. You cannot countenance the actions of the French. Seizing lands so close to Rome, it's an insult to the papacy. It is an outrage, and my mother would've ridden out already. Your mother knew war like she knew the Eucharist, but you, "Henary," what do you know about war? You are not a general. I've had my foundry in Greenwich forge new armor like the world has never seen. You will be glad of it, if... when we face the French together. Es la calidad, Katalina. It is the quality of the man within the metal that is the key. Well, I'll show you both the metal of the suits and the mettle of the men who wear them. We'll have a joust. Katalina... whose interests do you tend to, your husband's or Espa?a? Father... I am a steadfast daughter and a true wife. I am loyal to Spain and to Henry. Who is here? Should I defend myself? Oviedo! Oh! Allah be praised, but you smell good. Oh, I smell of mutton fat. They ate a whole farm in there tonight. Wh... why are you back from Dover? General Howard. He gives us leave. They say we will sail and should rest before campaign, but I believe this when it happens. Mm, Catherine's father is here now with the King and Queen. If he agrees to join them, you will have your war. Good. You look tired. King Henry wears out the spirits of his men before they have even crossed into France. I wonder if he even knows how to use an army. Well... I know how to use you. Can you see, Reggie? Master Pole. Master More. Lady Pole. - Uh, this is my wife, Alice. - Ma'am. My daughters, Margaret, Elizabeth, and Cicely. Milady. Was that book given to you at Sheen Priory? - Hmm. - That's the most response I've had out of him all year. A silent order at such a young age, it can take its toll. I don't wish to speak out of turn, but... he is in dire need of a tutor. I... I don't suppose you would... It would be an honor. My daughters now speak better Latin than I do and correct me far too often. It would actually be a bit of a blessing to believe that I still have some wisdom to impart. And thank you. Lady Pole. Lady Pole... I was hoping that I may wear your colors as I ride. - I don't... - Mother... this gentleman is speaking to you. - Oh, I'm sorry. - Lord Stafford! William Compton, groom of the King's stool. Here, Compton. No, Henry. Be sure to win. I will tie this to my saddle. Master Brandon, may I assist the King? The King has already a squire. But you may fetch him some ale. The King is invincible. No one is invincible, Katalina, no one. This is leadership, Father. He rides with your family emblem on his horse. It's so romantic. My lord. Edward, I'm sorry. Bloody dogs can have it. Do not fret, my lady. I can still admire you with my left eye. Oh, can you stand? King Henry, unharmed in armors from his foundry! I should've worn the same. And yet, behold Lord Stafford, born with English steel in his bones. God save the King. God save the King! God save the King! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! Katalina is her mother's daughter. She has convinced me. King Henry... you will have your war with France and your treaty with Spain. God be praised! Mwah. And Charles? All of us, united? We will rise up for the Pope. You may consult with my daughter on all matters as though you speak directly to me. She's the will of Spain. Tomorrow I return to Spain. We will ready for our war. My father says we should send troops to San Sebastian, and he will join us there. Sail to bloody Spain? Your Grace, we're meant to be invading France. We only have to cross the Channel. Our aim is to deal with the French threat to Rome, Your Grace. A resolute march southeast is needed. England has a strong claim to the Duchy of Guyenne, which is nearby, and we can swell our numbers there. Aquitaine was taken by the French. Their citizens yearn to be under English rule again. So let's give them that and land a blow to King Louis' arrogance. My father's army will head north to meet us. That's good, Your Grace. My father is a boastful man. He will wish to make a grand display of military power, and he will have that as we march together into France. You are formidable, my queen. I'm in admiration. I have worked hard to build this treaty with my father. He appoints you his regent. It's a symbol of his trust in you. A miracle. He was jealous of my mother's strength. He could do nothing to challenge her, and so he would try to weaken my sister and I at every turn. Then he has changed. When Harry... When the King wanted to marry me, my father wouldn't pay my dowry until he needed something in return. But, yes... I think he sees me now as worthy of respect. Perhaps he finally feels guilt about Joanna. Your poor sister was felled by a disorder of the mind. So my father says. The nuns of Tordesillas tend to her. You think your father put her there to take Spain for himself. Your Grace, your father has entrusted you because he knows that by your word and your deed, you will exalt him, as you also exalt the whole of England. Thank you... Thomas. Thank you. How wonderful to have our trust in Spain at last. He has the eyes of a hawk. He follows my every move. I count the days until I can take him hunting. I love that you would feed our son yourself. All other princes have wet nurses. Mm. Thank you. You have given me so much, Catherine. Mm. Hello. I have given you a new Spanish army to play with. I do it all for you... and for this country, for our Camelot. Move out, to France! And when the French are routed, the Scots will lose their wealthy patron and be less trouble on the borders. My warrior queen. Hmm. Douglases have no respect for any other clan. Your Grace, we ask for reparations for the raids carried out by these buck-eared cocksuckers on our Lowland settlements... Oh, aye... Aye, go on then, Crown Prince Mary Jane! Get your fucking sword out! And by thunderous God, what makes you think it was us in your lands? Because the ale had been drunk and all the sheep were pregnant. Ah, hen, and I told you this was, uh... men's work. Oh, for the love of God and all the saints, you call yourselves men. My children are better behaved. Your Grace, what's a woman doing here? I am your queen, Alexander Stewart, you pig! Your Grace, this is a clan meeting. We can't see it turned into a sewing circle. Please, Father, let us not stoop to humiliating the wife of our king... You shut your face, Angus. She's English, and the English are the cause of all our troubles. True, true. Cannae trust the English nae more than a randy Douglas in a sheep pen! My lord... perhaps you would like to discipline the nobles that would insult your queen so spitefully. Aye, how should I? How about one Douglas, one Stewart, hung, drawn, and quartered? Ooh! Ah, but look what you have achieved, my bonnie love. The clans united as neither Robert the Bruce nor William Wallace could've hoped for, and all because of their contempt for the English. Well... Well, she may not punch like a Stewart, but she could well pass for a Douglas. Fuck. Highness. Oviedo writes to me. He says the Tudor army wait, and yet your father's army does not come. Oh, he's on his way. He wrote to me that bad weather delayed them. Do you know how far away he is? It will light the spirits of the men if I can share this with them. He will reach them long before your letter gets there. The spring has been too wet, but now the summer comes, the ground is dry, the horses fast, and the men sure-footed. But forgive me, Highness. This was not what was agreed. You know yourself he can play tricks. Lina, I have told you he is coming. Be satisfied with it. Maggie. Your Grace. Hold out your hands with the palms facing up. I do not understand. Today marks the anniversary of the death of Sir Richard. We do not forget, myself and the King. This is for sorrow. This is for healing. When you pray for your husband's soul, hold one in each hand. Squeeze them tightly. I will. Thank you. How are the children? Has Reggie... He still does not speak to me. Then the healing is for Reggie also. Catherine... thank you. Your Grace, a letter for you. It has your father's seal. Here, I'll take him. Have they met the English army? Fetch my clothes. I will see the King. Do you think we lost the war? Leave us. Um, please go. What is it? He is not coming. My father, he has taken his army to Navarre, 200 miles to the south, to reclaim his lands there from the French. Why... why would he do that? He has used us as a decoy to draw the French, leaving Navarre open for him to take. He has betrayed us, Henry. The alliance was a lie. I am sorry that I... trusted him. He... has humiliated both of us. It is my fault. We have been betrayed. Two hundred thousand ducats wasted. Two thousand soldiers dead from hunger or disease. "Tricky as a fox"... turned out to be true. Bring our men home now. I apologize to this council. Your Grace, you must not blame yourself. I believed my father's sincerity, but he betrayed us. Not the Spanish. Him alone. The shame is not our queen's. She did what any dutiful daughter would've done... but her father is a lying bastard! Council is adjourned. Henry! The King's mood will settle. I will arrange a stag hunt for him. He needs to burn this off. We have worked so hard together to build this... this... Camelot, yes. You and the King are young... idealistic. But he must shake the glister of youth from his eyes and be a man and king for England, and you must do what England loves you for and radiate your light and your beauty and your kindness. I tried to warn you about your father, Highness, but now the English people say we Spanish are all the same, just like him, and we cannot be trusted. All of us must live with this, not only you. The thought makes you faint, does it? Lina, is it the baby? Baby? Bessie, would you fetch some ale for the Queen? You... are with child? Yes, Highness. How long? I think... three months. But you didn't tell me. I did not want to tell you when... you had so much to occupy your mind. My father... he took the grape. He used to promise me that this time, he'd let me take it. Then he'd do it again... and again. Now again. Have I become like him... so you no longer trust me? Am I so changed that we are no longer friends? That is your choice, Catherine. You are the Queen. I am your lady. Whether or not we are friends is in your gift, not mine. This place, the palace... it is not a home. It is like a gaming board, and they all play the games. You too. You play them very well. But I do not wish to play. I merely wish to live my simple life. I am happy for you, Lina. Go. You should rest. When you are fuller in your term, you may stay home until you are ready to return to me... for your child's sake. You are better than your father. You show strength but humility... courage and patience. And you do something your mother and father could not do. You ask questions of others as well as handing them orders. You have a good heart, Catherine. This storm will pass. Henry... may I attend your bed tonight? I'm tired. Good night, Your Grace. Well, that was a bollocking waste of time. General Howard... my lord Stafford... good men of England... we are sorry. You brave men did not deserve to languish in such ignominy. King Ferdinand... King Ferdinand betrayed you... and me, too. But you did not betray yourselves. Captain Oviedo, step forward. Your Grace. We're told you worked tirelessly to maintain morale, that you even brought back some who deserted. The Queen wishes to bestow a gift upon you. Oviedo of Maceta, for your service to England, we make you a commoner knight. Receive the title knight banneret... with our gratitude. Think of it as a personal apology on behalf of her country. I think of this as a blessing from my queen. I'm going hunting. Hello. He's teething. I will take him for a while. Okay. Come, come. We will speak to God and ask Him to forgive your mother's pride and guide her in the future. Come on. Holy Father... forgive me for my sins. Give me Your wisdom. Holy Father... I was tempted by... by vanity. I turned away from You. Holy Father... help my husband. Heal his heart. Henry... Henry? Henry! Hen... Henry! Henry. Henry! Catherine... Highness. Catherine... the King wishes to see you. I have waited for you. I know. I know now what you felt when your mother died and you... you said you could not help but feel that she was cold under the ground. Henry, will he have enough swaddling around him? My love... my poor, sweet love. Why? Why? Why would God... Does He punish us? Is this punishment? Why would He? I love you, Catherine. And I will love you and love you, and we will have another son, and he will be strong because we are so strong. Yes. Yes. I cannot lose you. I cannot lose you, Henry. My love, I'm sorry. You, most of all, will understand Catherine's suffering. Not another child, not another. Oh, that poor wee boy. Hey. If you wish to ride south to see her... No, I'll stay in Scotland and do my duty... and I'll grieve in private. You're a fine queen, Meg, and a good wife. You'll win the hearts of Scotland in no time. When I next see Catherine, I will... hold her close. She is hermana... sister. "Do not be like the English." Henry... you were right to speak of strength. We were strong enough to build this Camelot. Now we must be even stronger to keep it. Why do I speak... and not the King? Because your pain is mine and I have caused it. We were children... but we are not children anymore. Our innocence is lost. And our new wisdom forged in pain... and grief... and terrible sadness. We have lost our precious son... and we have also lost our dignity to Spain. My father wrote to gloat about his victory, but I will tell you this... we do not drown when we feel grief. We do not shy from our mistakes, and we do not stand to be betrayed by allies! We called you here because the whole of England must know this. I am reborn. I am English! God save King Henry! God save the King! God save the King! God save Queen Catherine of England! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! God save the Queen! We will go to war with France, but this time on our own. God save the Queen! God save the Queen! England, you shall have your victory, and you will also have a new heir from my womb. I stand here as a daughter of England, and I make you that promise. God save the Queen! God save the Queen! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 