The King of Queens: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The King of Queens 
 s1e11 - Noel Cowards - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The King of Queens (1998–2007): Season 1, Episode 11 - Noel Cowards - full transcript 
 Its the Christmas season and Doug and Carrie have their eyes on a new car, but when they find out they can't afford it Arthur surprises them with something quite unexpected. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What are you doing? It's my favourite Christmas song. I can't stand the way that Alvin always comes in late. That's what's funny about it. Not funny. It's disrespectful to the other chipmunks. Hey! I know I have to die someday, but I'm gonna be really pissed off if it's today because of this. You're so dead when we get home. Oh, I'm shaking. Oh, great. There's something wrong with the car. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, really? You think so, Mr. Goodwrench? I can't believe this thing stalled again. It's probably one of those stupid belts. I'll take a look at it now. Doug, what are you doing? We're on the expressway. You're gonna get yourself killed. Relax. I got the hazards on, okay? I'm okay. I'm fine. It just blew my cap off. I'm okay. You know, it really is disrespectful to the other chipmunks. You're preaching to the choir, Dad. Okay, I can fix this. I just need the screwdriver in the glove compartment. Not in here. What? I can't believe this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know it's here because I keep it in here. - Okay, it's not here. - Told you. Where could it be? Did you lose it, Arthur? Pardon me, I did not lose your precious screwdriver. It's on my bed. I needed it to pry open some paint cans. What were you painting? Nothing. I found the cans in the basement, and I wanted to see the difference between Navajo white and eggshell white. Unbelievable. Well, excuse me for being consumed with boredom. You're a very hard man to please, Heffernan. You okay, hon? You need help? I've dragged it for two miles. I can make the last eight feet. Easy, hon. Oh, God. All right, where do you want it? Okay, let me think. All right, not there, because of the things... Hello? Sap. Okay, all right, all right, right here, right here. - God, it's heavy. - Okay. Okay, what a great day, huh? We got our Christmas tree and we swept up the Long Island Expressway. Well, at least this year we won't get that sad feeling when we toss it out on the curb. Hello? Sorry again, Douglas, about that screwdriver misunderstanding. Here you go. Thanks. The next time you want to sniff paint fumes, use your own screwdriver, okay? Oh, I see we're having sarcasm for Christmas this year. Okay, thank you. Four hundred bucks just to get the car running. And then he said we still need to keep an eye on the transmission. Keep an eye on it? What does that mean? I don't know, I guess we take turns sleeping in the garage. I really wish we could afford a new one. Why don't we just do it? Let's do it, you wanna? - Doug, you know we can't now. - Why not? Because we agreed we're gonna wait until we pay off the credit cards. Oh, please, we're never gonna do that. Come on, new car, me and you, huh? We'll go cruising, we'll pick up chicks. Come back here, and the three of you can make me dinner. All right, well, I guess it wouldn't hurt just to look at some new ones. Oh, you are a keeper. So you're really ready to get rid of your old heap, huh? Yeah, it's had a good run. Hell, I've had it since I was a young stallion of 22. Hey, you remember the first time you tried to feel me up was in that car? Yeah. And you bent these two fingers all the way back? You let out such a scream. I was a good sport though. I let you go for it the very next weekend, remember? Yeah, but I had the cast on, I couldn't get a good grip. - I love you. - Yeah. This car is unbelievable. Six cylinders, rack and pinion, and these seats, they actually heat up. I can't begin to tell you how warm my ass feels right now. Maybe you could write a poem. You know what? Stop that. You're starting to act like a game show contestant. Now, come on, let's find a car we can actually pay for. - I want this one. - Hon, did you see the sticker price? Sticker price? You know what I like to call the sticker price? The sucker price. Well, that is clever. Come on, we really cannot afford this. Look, I know how to negotiate the price down. This guy's gonna be coming over here soon. So let's do the old good cop, bad cop routine. Okay, which one am I? - Bad cop. - All right. No, no, bad cop's more fun. I wanna be bad cop. Although you look more like a bad cop. Okay, how about, you play all the police, and I'll play the person across the street getting a manicure? All right, here he comes. Just work with me. - All right? Come on. - Okay. So you folks still looking or-? - No, no, no, we're done. - Good. Well, good. Think this is the one for you? Don't know, don't know. Honey, what do you think of this car? I would like to take a sledgehammer to this piece of crap. All right. - What did you say that for? - I thought I was bad cop. Bad cop, yeah, not Gestapo. - Excuse me. - Yes, sir? Yeah, we actually might be willing to consider buying this car, but first I think we're gonna need to see a little flexibility on your end, you know what I mean? Yeah, I'm sorry, but we can't go below sticker. - This is a really hot car right now. - Right, hot car. Right, absolutely. Lot of heat. Okay. Tell you what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna jot down a little figure for your hot little car. I want you to run this back to your boss and we'll take it from there, okay? Yeah. My manager's gonna think this is a joke. Well, why don't you just go show him how funny we are? Okay. Welcome to the dance. See, now he goes back there, he has a cigarette, he comes back with another number, we scoff, we say goodbye, and you watch how fast he chases us. Sorry, no go. We can take about a hundred dollars off the undercoating, but that's the best we can do. Oh, okay. If that's the best you can do, then I guess we're gonna have to just say ta-ta. Thanks for coming in. Start walking. Let's go. Hey, baby. What are you in the mood for? Yeah, I could do Chinese. Hey, take care now. Hey, you too and merry Christmas. So which place you thinking of? No, that's too spicy. I don't like that place. Yeah, let's try to make it around... Come on, let's just go back and buy the car. Doug, when we finally have kids, wouldn't it be nice to have more than 30 bucks tucked away? I don't know. I don't wanna spoil them. Come on, Carrie, I want new car smell. Our car has Burger King smell. Doug, let's just put the new car thing aside for now, slap some more duct tape on the old one, and really commit ourselves to winning the lottery. Okay? - Okay? - Okay. Okay. Arthur. Didn't I ask you not to put the peanut butter in the refrigerator? You may have. Why? Because then it gets hard and I can't spread it without tearing the bread. So just let it sit for a half an hour and soften up. I want the sandwich now. Then toast the bread. That way it won't tear. Don't want it toasted. Don't want it in half an hour. What I want is an untoasted peanut butter and jelly sandwich now. Well, Douglas, that might not be possible. As it is, I've given you a number of very attractive alternatives. No, they're not attractive. Okay, Arthur, you know what? I may not be able to afford a decent car, but I do have a house, and I let you live in it. So please show some respect. Oh, peanut butter. Oh, good, peanut butter, yeah. My peanut butter. This is my house. You gonna let him talk that way to me? Well, I'm not quite sure what he said at the end there, but as far as the other stuff is concerned, Dad, he's not really wrong. Hey, sleepyhead. Merry Christmas. Come on downstairs. I got something for you. Dad, isn't Christmas tomorrow? I couldn't wait. Come on down. Come on. Come on, come on. Keep those eyes closed. Keep them closed. - Oh, mother. - Watch for that. Okay. One, two, three, merry Christmas! So, what do you kids think, huh? Well, it's cosy. Where did it come from, Arthur? Did you build it? No, no, what we have here is a Douchenberger. Made in Luxembourg. Most popular car on the road over there. Well, I assume they are tiny people. Anyway, this old buddy of mine happens to be an importer. Cheese mostly, but when I told him my kids needed new wheels, he pulled some strings and got me this one. Right off the boat. You know how fast this thing goes zero to 60? - How fast? - I don't know. It's nice, Dad, but you really, really shouldn't have. No, no, you kids deserve this. No, we don't. Sure, you do. You're gonna be the envy of the neighbourhood. See? Check out all the looks we're getting. - Oh, my God! - Go faster. I'm already going as fast as I can. I got it floored. - Then shift. - I'm shifting, I'm in third. That's all there is. Road hog. Feel better? A little bit. Crying really helped. This thing's unbelievable, huh? I know. It felt like we were navigating through high-speed traffic in a soda can. What was he thinking, giving us a car? Well, honey, it's pretty obvious he did it because of you. - Me? - Yeah. I mean, the way you yelled at him the other day you made him feel so bad. I mean, he knew we needed a new car so, voila, '99 Douchen thing. Hey, this wouldn't have happened if you had let us get the other car. But, no, we gotta save money for our children. Well, just look what you've given birth to. All right, just relax now. You're just a little upset because you almost died. Maybe we just need time to get used to this thing. I mean, it is kind of cute in its own little way. Oh, God, we are so screwed. Hey, what's going on? What the hell is this? It's our new car. - No, seriously, what is it? - It's a car. Okay, maybe if you spent some time in Luxembourg you wouldn't ask such stupid questions. Where do the clowns come out? Because, you know, in the circus, all the clowns cram into one little-- Yeah, we get it, Rich, not your best bit, okay? We're just not in a laughing mood, all right? We almost got crushed by a large truck and a medium-sized dog. What are we gonna do? I mean, either we're stuck with this ridiculous looking thing or we have to break my father's heart. Or you could just dump it. What do you mean? I mean, there's a spot under the Belt Parkway where people "park" their cars if they wanna be "relieved" of them. You know what I'm "saying"? You didn't need that last set of finger quotes, but, yeah, I get you. Honey, you wanna do it? Doug, we are not dumping the car. Why not? We'll collect the insurance money. Give it to your dad, he never has to know we didn't like it. - We're not doing it. - Then what do we do? I don't know. Carrie, I can't go to work in this. I'm a teamster, for God's sakes. Okay, we will just talk to my father, and say: "Thank you very much, but the car is just not for us." Oh, the kids. Doug, I've got your song playing. - Great, thanks. - I put it on a loop. It will just play and play and play until someone turns it off. Dad, you got a sec? Sure, sure, let's all sit. Relax. Look, I baked Christmas cookies. Hey, Dougie, those should hit you in about an hour. So, kids, what's on your mind? Well, Dad, it's about the car. The look on your faces when I gave it to you... It was worth every penny from my IRA account. You cashed in your IRA? I'm just glad I could pull together enough to make your dreams come true. Dad, I am so stunned. That is so generous. No, that's not generous. Generous is opening your home to a cranky old man who sometimes forgets to show the proper respect and gratitude. That's generous. God bless you, kids. Well, this looks like the place. I can't believe we're actually doing this. Come on, come on. Keep it together, babe, all right? All right, let's go. Wait, let me get out first, otherwise we'll tip over. Oh, my God, look at this place. Oh, I don't know, it's got a lot of atmosphere. Hey, baby, you wanna rumble? I'm not sure if I wanna do this. Hey, whoa, we agreed, it's our only way out. - I know, but it's immoral. - It's not immoral. Doug, we're inviting criminals to steal the car my father bought with his retirement money as a show of love and respect for us. On Christmas Eve. That's not immoral? I'm not saying we're gonna get a lot of karma points, but it's not immoral. Where the hell is Richie with the getaway car? I can't do this to my father again. What are you talking about, again? When I was 6, he bought me this doll for Christmas and I hated it. - That happens. - I buried it in the backyard. And then like a month later, our dog dug it up right in front of him. Had worms coming out of the eyes, fungus in his hair, and it kept saying, "I love you. I love you." That happens. Moose, sorry I'm late. I had to help a buddy ditch a boat. - Come on, let's go. - All right, come on, Carrie. - Carrie? - Hey. What's going on? You want your car stolen or what? I do. It's her. We have to go now. Doug, I can't do this. Moose? - Forget it, Rich. - All right, whatever. Oh, man. You know, this song is really growing on me. - You? - Yeah. Oh, here comes the best part. Listen, listen. A Hula-Hoop he wants. And every time too. Okay, I got the eggnog and Mr. Rummy. Let's hit the Christmas presents. Speaking of which, still enjoying the Douchenberger, Douglas? Oh, yeah. It's nice having a car I can take into the store with me. Here you go, Daddy. This is from Doug and me. Oh, thank you, sweetheart. What could it be? It's so exciting. What's this? It's a watch. I have a watch. I know, but this is engraved, look. "With all our love, Doug and Carrie." Well, you did your best. - Hope you're happy. - What? I just went back to get my car, it's stripped to the bone. And my insurance doesn't cover theft or vandalism. What the hell am I supposed to do? Merry Christmas. You sure someone will take it? Definitely. Just leave it. All right. Hard to believe anyone will want this thing, but here goes. Go, go, go! TE AMO! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 