Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e18 - Games - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 18 - Games - full transcript 
 Humpty Dumpty captures Batman, Katana, Gordon, Mayor Grange and Tobias Whale and makes all of them play his Murder Mystery Game. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman. Humphry Dumpler worked for the mob. Genius accountant. Went crazy after you got him blown up. He escaped protective custody and was never heard from again. Until now. Batman, where are we? Last thing I remember, we were checking out a lead on a weapons stash. Next thing, I wake up here. Ambush. Poisoned darts. Benzyl chloride, if I'm not mistaken. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hits quick, leaves just as fast. So, how do we get out of here? A cage with fancy furniture is still a cage. Katana, wait! - A trap. - Good call. No, a simple deduction. No trap on my door was meant to put us at ease, lower our guard. But, whoever put us here knew I would see through that. Our captor has studied our tactics. Short corridor here. Then, that's our route. Commissioner Gordon. Mayor Grange. Tobias Whale. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wake up, loser. Batman! Where... I was in my office. Opened a window, and... I... was walking to my car in the City Hall parking lot. I was visiting friends, celebrating being out on bail. Where are we now? Why, Mayor Grange. You're on square one of my latest little game! Humpty Dumpty. Dumpler, this is Commissioner Gordon of the Gotham PD Release us now, or... But, you just got here! Don't you even want to see what's for dinner? Go ahead, don't want it to get cold. That's right. The first course of this mystery is murder! Someone in this room was responsible for ending this person's life. But, who? Answer that, and I'll let all the innocent parties go free. Let's get started. Each of you has been given one helper card. An eclipse? Yours is blank, Batman. Because you shouldn't need any help. Each card is an answer to a clue. Match the right card to the clue and you can move on. The first clue is right before you. And, to make things interesting, there will be little obstacles along the way. What do you mean by "obstacles," baby? Better hurry. That's a two-minute egg. It'll take all five of you to solve this mystery. And, if Mayor Grange dies before you do, it's game over... for all of you! Batman, we could use a little help. I am helping. I'm working the puzzle. So, the knife is the murder weapon. Too easy. The dummy's fingers and lips are blue, suggesting suffocation. But, the stab wound is bright red. His blood was properly oxygenated. The scuff marks on the knees. The body was moved. Hey, finish your game of "I Spy" and get over here and help me. The mayor doesn't have much time. The mannequin only appears stabbed. It was poisoned with carbon monoxide somewhere else. That would explain the oxygenated blood. Then, brought here. A crime that began as one thing, then became another. Only one card given to us matches that theory, Katana. The butterfly. Begins its life as a caterpillar, before becoming something different. You cracked the case, Batman, well done. I hope everyone likes board games. Stand on a lit tile and everything is hunky dory. But, if your tile goes dark and you're still on it, you're out of the game... Permanently! Tiles will light at random, and you can only stand on one for so long, before it goes dark again. So, keep moving. If you don't solve the mystery of what happened in this room, and lay down the right card, too many tiles will fall away, and together, you'll all hit rock bottom. Whale, turn over that picture frame. Huh? I'll leave the mystery solving to you geniuses. It's all right, I've got this. It's a picture of a woman and a girl. Maybe, the woman's daughter? This room could belong to the dead body that we found in the dining room. That could be his wife and child in the picture. Seems likely. But, why are his belongings left out like this? You said the body was moved. Maybe, he was killed in here. Possibly. Or maybe abducted from his room, made to disappear from his family. Gordon, your card. Something that disappears. Like a rabbit dropped in a magician's hat. Well played, players. Whale! Batman... Batman! Can you make it over here? Don't you think we're trying? The bed's a no, but... - Are you all right? - Yeah. But, there aren't a lot of floor tiles left. It might take us some time to make our way to you. We need to find a way out of here. Running isn't the answer. Dumpty wants that excuse to kill us. Are you willing to risk everyone's life on that? Let's run down what we know. Humpty Dumpty says someone in our group had something to do with what happened to the man on the dinner table. Whale's the only criminal in our group. He's got to be guilty of the murder. If it is murder. The first clue, someone or something that is not what it at first appears to be. The second clue, making someone or something disappear. This mystery might not be about a murder at all, but some other action. And that means, the guilty party could still be any one of us, including you and me. Us? We didn't commit any crimes. Batman, are you listening to me? You don't look good, Marion. Don't baby me, Jim. I just need some water. I'll see if I can find some. Stick with me. And, when we get our shot, I can get us both out of here. In exchange for a pardon? If you're feeling grateful, baby, I wouldn't say no. This room... It feels familiar. Does anyone recognize this song? I do. It's an old sailor's song. I hear it down at the Gotham Docks all the time. It's called Dead Man's Moon. Creepy tune. I think you need to see this. Bats of the Western Hemisphere. Field Guide to the Study of Bats. The Migration Pattern and Mating Habits of the Common Bat. Every book in here is about bats. I knew it! I knew it was something this stone freak did. Yo, po-po, arrest him. Mystery solved. You shouldn't be accusing anyone, Whale. You're the one that knew the song in the record player, remember? Stop yelling! Don't you see this is what Humpty Dumpty wants? For us to turn on each other? I'm not going to die in here because of all of you! Braille. You stay together here and play this psycho's game. We all know he'll never let us win. I'm finding a way out. Good luck, chumps. Why are you all just standing there doing nothing? We can't just let him run off or we're all dead! Marion, wait! We need to stay together! We have to go after them. - Wrong move. - Are you kidding? Who knows what could happen to them, without us? Humpty Dumpty is a master game player. He knew this would happen now. Which means, our team breaking apart is part of his game. If we go after Whale and Mayor Grange and don't solve his puzzle, we lose and Dumpty wins, meaning... we die. What if you're wrong? A sea chantey about the moon, books on bats written for the blind, hiding deadly weapons. Rather than staying, one of our team ran and another followed. Both only concerned with their own lives. How do you get eclipse out of all that? In an eclipse, you turn away. Because, if you look into an eclipse, you could go blind. You turn a blind eye. Just like Whale and Mayor Grange did to the safety of the group when they ran. Excellent, Batman! You better find your friends, though. You still need everyone to make it out of here! Hang on a second. Just like a shooting gallery. Next time, think the problem all the way through before you decide on a course of action. And don't question me again. You fool! You're going to get us all killed! Lady, you've got no authority over me in here. All of you, stay back! Let me go! Let me go! What is this? Pictures of ships... Another naval reference like the song on the Victrola. Burnt cash. A payoff gone wrong. Whale! Enough! This is what Dumpty wants. This is how he wins the game. I don't care about no game, Bat! Nowhere to look without seeing yourself. Can't hide in here. Have you solved the mystery, Batman? Do you know who the bad person is? Yes, I know. Good. Who's that? I know this guy! He's an arms smuggler I put away in Blackgate. - Ernie... - Croskey. Ernie Croskey, captain of the Flying Fox based in Gotham Harbor. The Flying Fox? I believe each of us has a connection to that ship and this man. A crime that began as one thing, but became another. Ernie Croskey's ship was smuggling weapons into Gotham. Weapons purchased from... The League of Assassins. I was the middleman, undercover for the CIA. We wanted to track the weapons, see if they led us to any of the League's cells. I never met Croskey, though. I just loaded the ship. Croskey didn't even know the weapons were on board. Did he, Whale? Man, that was my shipment. Hidden right under Croskey's nose. Too bad it never got to you. You were burned on that deal. By me. Thanks to a tip from Batman. Since Whale never took possession of the weapons, I couldn't hold him. But, I could arrest the guy he fingered. The second clue, something made to disappear. In this case, an innocent man taken from his family. Ernie Croskey. Who I prosecuted and sent to jail. The third clue, turning a blind eye. In one way or another, we are all responsible. The villain we've been looking for... is us. Ah, the sweet smell of victory! I knew you could do it, Batman! No, this is wrong. Whale's the only one who was committing a crime. We thought we were doing the right thing. Excuses, excuses! Just like the people who ruined my life made excuses, when they pulled me into their war. Well, it won't happen to Ernie. When I worked for Whale, I watched Ernie take the fall and did nothing. Now, I'm correcting my mistake. Where am I? Who are all of you? These are the people who took you away from your family, Ernie. Who framed you. I brought them here for your revenge. What are you waiting for? Take them out! I don't want to hurt anyone. I just want to go home to my wife and daughter. You will, Ernie. We'll help you. No, he's a liar! This is game over, Batman! You're forgetting your own rule, Humpty. That everyone responsible for what happened to Ernie would be punished. You never spoke up for Ernie when you had the chance. You're as guilty as we are. No, no! You're twisting my rules! This is my game and I'm the winner! You're still trapped in without me! You'll never get out alive! Huh? Oh, no. Now, it's game over. Is Dumpty secure? Yes. When Humpty Dumpty wakes up from that great fall, he'll be rotting in a cell at Blackgate. Whale, you'll be moving into Ernie's cell. Obstruction of justice and weapons smuggling, on top of your previous crimes. I think that's grounds for having your bail revoked. Go. I'll handle Dent and the police. - Back to the mansion? - For me. I'm going alone. Alone? Why? Did I do something wrong? In the library. Once I decide on a plan, it's not up for discussion. I thought you were becoming more interested in beating Humpty Dumpty, than the safety of Gordon and the others. I chose the right course of action. This time. I just thought that what we do we do for Gotham and its people. Their safety comes first. Even Bruce Wayne would agree with that. I'm not Bruce Wayne. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 