Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e1 - Hunted - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Hunted - full transcript 
 Batman goes up against Professor Pyg. Alfred hires a bodyguard for Bruce Wayne: a Japanese warrior named Katana. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Right on time. Sure about that? Who's there? Show yourself. Two shots left, make them count. You missed. Forget re-loading. Okay. You got me. No knife. Best bet is the backup piece. How did you... Huh? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You said the backup gun was my best bet. I lied. What's that they say? Oh, yeah, "Beware of the Batman." Funny. I don't see nothing to beware of. That better be it for this evening's surprises. Please! Help! Somebody! I say, Mister Toad, what a wonderful night for a stag hunt. I couldn't agree more, Professor Pyg. I am Simon Stagg. Do you have any idea how powerful I am in this city? Now, I'm warning you... Excellent shot, boss, right in the gizzard. Oh, my, that doesn't sound good. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Have you had your cholesterol checked recently? Must watch the red meat. Why are you doing this to me? Because of what you've done to our kind. Your kind? Yes. Animal kind. Now, hold still. Are we through? I didn't hurt you, did I? Alfred? I'm quite fine. Thank you for asking, Bruce. Tell me that was not the real Van Gogh. A copy. The real painting is safely locked away. I'll have your room and the hallway cleaned by this afternoon. Good. What's wrong? It took you five moves to subdue me. It should have taken you three. Your reaction to me at the foot of your bed was sloppy at best. If I hadn't purposely... Do we need to do this now? My job is to protect you. I can't do that if you won't let me. You're not alone in this. We've had this conversation. Your job is to protect Bruce Wayne, not Batman. Are they not the same? No. The A.R.G.U.S. club again. How many membership offers have I turned down? I've lost count. Now, can we get back to the subject of your safety? I know you want to be out in the field, Alfred, but it's not going to happen. Leave your past in the past. MI6 was a long time ago, and I have no desire to re-live my service. Good, because Batman works alone. Gotham's not a nice place. People get killed. Even ex-spies like you. Your job is to protect Bruce Wayne. As long as you're only doing that, I know you're safe. What is this? It appears to have occurred sometime last night. Perhaps if you hadn't slept most of the day? Then again, bats are nocturnal creatures. Gotham Police are still baffled by the kidnapping of billionaire Simon Stagg. So far, there's been no ransom demand, only a video clip posted online from the self-styled "eco terrorists." Hello there. Say, "Hello," Mister Toad. Hello there. We want you all to know what an honor it is to be in your fair city. And we'd like to share with you something special. Beautiful, isn't he? Poor Simon Stagg. Sure likes to brag. And covet his billions all day. But he's not the last with stolen keys to the past who learn in the jungle... Everyone pays. Welcome to the hunt, Gotham City. What do we know about them? Not much. The papers said, they called themselves, Professor Pyg and Mister Toad. How Wind in the Willows of them. The nursery rhyme was interesting. A modified Little Jack Horner. Itself based on a land deal gone sour between Henry VIII and Thomas Warner. Bribery, I believe. A man like Simon Stagg would undoubtedly be involved in land deals as well. And knowing Stagg, some undoubtedly shady. Stagg is being punished, hunted. Why? And who's next? I need his financial records. Encrypted. Hacking the system would take hours. The ransom video. There. More than one plaque. More than one name. The next victim's... not enough to make out. Patience, Alfred. Michael Holt. Another of Gotham's wealthiest industrialists. I need to get to Holt before Pyg and Toad. Pyg and Toad's rhyme mentioned, "Keys to the past." The key is likely in Stagg's financials. Stay here and see if you can crack the encryption while I'm gone. Where are you? We need to meet. Hello? Gotham Police. My name is Michael Holt, and I am being attacked by... Mister Toad, if you would do the honor. My pleasure. Boss! It's the Bat guy. It's Batman, Toad. Remember, respect our enemies. We're free, Toad! Now! I want to do that again! He's gone. Forget the bat. We can always kill him later. Besides, still one more stop before the night is through. Here's what you asked for. So, why are you snooping around this Stagg guy's financials? I thought you were retired. Being retired and being out of the game are two very different things, my dear. But I don't need to tell you that. How much longer are you in town? For the night. Why? Oh, just wondering if you'd thought any more about my offer? I have. Answer is still "no." Well, then, there's only one thing I can say. Please? I'll be in touch. Alfred? Bruce! Are you alright? Pyg and Toad got Holt. Where are you? I am outside Wayne Manor. I have Stagg's financials. I've uploaded them to the server, for you to... Alfred? I say, this isn't Bruce Wayne. I believed you've sacked the butler. I was sure that was Wayne. I told you to get your eyes checked. Retinal deterioration is the number one cause of blindness in amphibians. Boss? Someone is watching us. Well now, the caller ID says Bruce Wayne. Is that you in there, Mr. Wayne? Being a cheeky peeper? It appears we've captured your butler instead of you. No worry, we'll be meeting soon enough. Ta-ta! Stagg's financials. Need to see what Alfred's found. Keystone Wetlands. Animal Preserve. Sold to private investors when oil was found on the land. Pyg's rhyme, "Stolen keys to the past." Main investors, Simon Stagg, Michael Holt and... Bruce Wayne? Enough of this! Anything you want, any price, I'll pay it. I'll double whatever he pays. Do what you want with the other two, I won't say a word. Gentlemen, save your strength. He's a doctor, you should listen. Let me explain what's going to happen. You are going to be hunted. Much the same way you hunted and drove out the animals that once occupied this wetlands. This land was purchased legally. You destroyed a natural habitat. Drained its resources then abandoned it to rot. There is nothing legal about that. We're giving you a five minute head start. Beginning, oh, already. What are you waiting for? Get going. Methane pockets beneath the building are making my readings erratic. Batman, are you aware that the structure of this building is dangerously unsafe? I am now. Can't you two move faster? Your yanking isn't helping. Oh, excuse me for wanting to stay alive! - Stop! - Are you insane? Sorry. But I seem to remember you saying something about staying alive? My guess, the whole place is rigged. So, what does that mean? We just give up? No. It means we stop running and fight back. Hold on, just who exactly are you? Oh, didn't they tell you? I'm the butler. Get back! You alright, man? His chain is off. Let's go. Leave him! He saved your life. Both our lives, we're not leaving him. Stop! My ankle is broken. Perhaps I have a bandage for that. Sorry, old chap, fresh out. Looks like that leg is going to have to come off. Forget about me! Run! Is it bad? Pain is not important right now. You! You're supposed to be some sort of vigilante, aren't you? Forget about him and get us out of here! Feel strong enough to get those two out of here while I deal with Pyg and Toad? Happy to be of assistance. That should help the pain. And that should help with anything else. Don't worry, Batman. I'll make sure, he gets out safe. When was the last time you had a proper physical, Batman? Are you insane? What if we'd still been in there? We would have been killed! Yes, you would have. Thank you, Batman. Pyg and Toad? I am sure Gotham City will be seeing them again, but not tonight. Lieutenant Gordon, is it true Simon Stagg and the other men were rescued by the vigilante Batman? That report is unconfirmed. That's it. No more questions. Looks like Lieutenant Gordon is going to have his hands full. Good. Keystone Park is being given back to Gotham through an anonymous donation. You know, I didn't even know I was involved in that sale. No need to explain yourself. Batman went out there blind. If he had just stayed and dug a little further, he would have found Bruce Wayne's name on that land deal. And known Wayne was a target. Instead, you were almost killed. You were right. You can't protect Bruce Wayne without looking out for Batman, too. Neither is indestructible and we both need your help. I promised myself when your parents were killed, that I would always watch over you. And you have. Hear me out, Bruce. Your injuries will heal in a few days. My ankle will take months. There will come a time when I will no longer be here. I need to know that you will still be protected when I'm gone. You can come in now. Bruce Wayne, I'd like you to meet Tatsu Yamashiro. I've hired her to be your new driver and bodyguard. It's a pleasure to be working for you, Mr. Wayne. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 