Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e13 - Fall - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 13 - Fall - full transcript 
 Jason Burr, still not in control of his body due to mind control by Cypher, steals the Ion Cortex in order to make a deal with the League of Assassins. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman... I wish to borrow his mind for a while. The Soultaker Sword. I saw this sword in action. It drains souls from helpless targets. Don't blame yourself, Agent Pennyworth. You came closer to finding me than any before you. But you never had a chance. You are just a man. And I am Ra's al Ghul. Your misstep was one of trust. It's always the ones you least suspect 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that betray you most severely. Like your partner. I'm sorry, Alfred. It was you or my family. You now wield the Soultaker Sword, Agent Yamashiro. Use it to prove your newfound loyalty to me. Before your new life may begin, his life must end. Good morning. Breakfast is ready. Can I interest you in some solid food, today? The new carbon nanotube cape frame is a significant upgrade. Strong enough to keep an elephant in the air. Handy, if you encounter a free falling elephant. Liquid again. Your streak is intact. How's the experiment going? Slowly. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Reverse engineering a chant in a dead language like Scythian isn't the Batcomputer's strong suit. I heard that, Batman. As you know, only fragments of the ancient Scythian language used in the Soultaker Sword chant have been translated. The reversal chant is a theoretical composite. At best. If souls can go into the sword, souls can come out. When the reversal chant is ready, upload the audio to my suit memory. Understood, Batman. I believe Dr. Burr is expecting Bruce and Tatsu at the lab soon for a test run of the Ion Cortex. - Where is Tatsu? - Good question. She blew off training this morning and she's still MIA. I see. Well, go easy on her. Today is the anniversary of her father's death. Your partner... I'm sorry. Yes, so am I. He'd get a kick out of this. He'd beat me senseless if he knew I got you mixed up in all this. Tatsu? If you'd prefer to skip today's exhibition of the Ion Cortex, I'm quite certain Bruce would understand. Skip Jason's big moment? After what I've had to put up with from that guy? I wouldn't miss this for the world. I'm gonna stop cooking for those two. Something about this just doesn't feel right. Why do both of you have to be up front? - I am the driver. - And I am the butler. Fine, but you're both coming inside. We all have a hand in this. The moment we solve the world's energy crisis is something we'll all want to remember. Careful, Bruce. The higher one aims, the further one can fall. Icarus learned that the hard way. Icarus just needed better technology. Once we step through this door, the world will never be the same. At least you're maintaining perspective. Yeah, now it's official. There's no way this can live up to your hype. It's all gone. Hello, Mr. Wayne. I'm afraid I have bad news. I'm taking the Ion Cortex and giving it to the League of Assassins. The benefits they've offered in return are too tempting to resist. But I owe you one. Without you and your money none of this would have been possible. I've taken rather decisive steps to ensure that no-one can follow me or my work. It's been a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Wayne. Ed was family to me, Shizuka. That means you are family to me. I have to leave. My presence puts you in danger. But I promise that you and your daughter will always have whatever you need. I owe at least that much to Datsu. I can't believe no one was hurt. - I can't believe any of this... - There! Unscheduled freight departure from loading dock 4. Cleared with Burr's code less than an hour ago. They're moving the Cortex in Wayne Industries truck. Great, if we move fast enough maybe we can intercept the Cortex before it reaches the League. No, we want it to reach the League. What? Alfred, check his head. All Wayne Industries' vehicles are outfitted with stealth GPS tracking systems. Burr will lead us right to everything we want. The League, the Cortex, and Burr himself. Jason isn't steering this. His video and bomb suggest otherwise. No. He's odd but he's not evil. I mean, a bomb went off and no-one is even hurt. That's not an accident. Because I isolated his lab for security reasons and we got out just in time. Burr is one of them now. You're just too close to see it. Even the kindest souls have a dark side, Tatsu. "Blast at Wayne Industries." "Explosion rocks Wayne lab." It appears my bomb was a success. The authorities will be so busy digging through rubble they won't discover the Cortex is missing until it's too late. Just as I planned. Huh. Maybe you're right. Maybe I've overlooked something. Speed is still uniform. No signs of support vehicles in the area. They're keeping a low profile, so will we. Katana, take the Broome Street on-ramp. And continue east on the highway. Way ahead of you. We're being followed. Got it! Wayne Industries makes a very sly GPS transmitter. But not sly enough. Once I jam this, no-one will be able to track us. I lost the signal. So did I. Burr must have isolated the frequency and jammed it. Katana, forget subtle, get an eye on that truck. With pleasure. This isn't your fault. No one can foresee everything. Not even you. You've been telling me that since I was a kid. And it never quite sunk in. And this is the trophy room. Fine place to hide whenever you're trying to avoid being found by Mrs. Wayne. Good to know, Mr. Wayne. Call me Thomas. We're not big on formality around here, Alfred. That's for me. Will you excuse me for a moment? Of course, sir. So, you were a British spy. Churchill's World War II series. Enjoying it are you? It was better the second time. You must be Bruce. Access road on the right. They're heading for the Fallpoint Underground Power Substation. Central grid hub. Feeds power to the whole city. If they put the Cortex online there, they could black out Gotham. Exactly. If they're planning to black out the whole city, we need to stop them now. Way ahead of you. No! We're almost there. Batman can't stop us now. He won't. Batman, get out of there. Batman, come in! Batman! So, young Master Wayne. What did you take away from this evening's performance of Macbeth? There are no shortcuts to greatness. And never listen to witches. Stay close, Bruce. Why so jumpy, pal? There's nothing to be scared of. Here's my wallet. We don't want trouble. Too late, fancy pants. You got it. How about you kid? You want trouble? Sure, I'd love some. What? That was unwise, young Master Wayne. I couldn't help my parents. - But I helped you. - This time. But you must respect your limits. Not if I don't have any. Taking fire. No one else enters this facility. Go. Batman is dead. And so are you. Wrong. On both counts. Dr. Burr. I'm told your Ion Cortex has the power to cast Gotham City into darkness. Gotham, the world, whatever you want. And when it does, I get my own island, as promised. Right? Succeed, and your reward will be whatever you wish. Fail, and you will suffer in ways you cannot imagine. - What does that mean? - It means, don't fail. No time for stealth. We need to find Burr before he brings the Cortex online. Make it quick. Congratulations on completing the Ion Cortex, Dr. Burr. But this belongs to Wayne Industries. - Shut it down. - I wish I could. But I'm afraid you're just too late, Batman. Shut it down, now. Make me. Jason! What's wrong with you? You're gonna fight Batman now? - Have you lost your mind? - You're right. I'll start with you. Mmm. Interesting choice. Look at his eyes. Jason, are you okay? I don't know... I remember taking the Cortex... and coming here... but... it wasn't me. It's like someone was controlling me. Even now I can feel something pushing. - It's been like that since... - Cypher. He invaded your mind. There could be residual synaptic corruption. Dr. Burr, we can help you. But you have to disable the Cortex before you lose control again. Of course, I'll shut it down right now. Jason! Don't worry, dear. You will be reunited with him soon enough. But first, you will bow before a true master. The infamous Batman. I have looked forward to this encounter for some time. I apologize for the theatrics. But I had to be sure that the Cortex was operational before you could intervene. Ra's al Ghul, you're gonna wish you stayed in hiding. Hmm. You have no idea how wrong you are. You can do better than that, Master Wayne. That wasn't fair. That's why it's called an unfair advantage. Your parents named me as your guardian in their will. Now that they're gone, I'm gonna respect their wishes and watch over you. The first thing you must learn is that you do have limits. Whether you admit it or not. The real question is, how will you overcome those limits? You do not disappoint, Batman. No You are a worthy opponent. No, I have other plans for him. As you wish, Master. The past always returns to haunt us. Doesn't it, Agent Pennyworth? Any closer and I bring the world down on our heads. Can you walk? I think so. Will you rescue her, Agent Pennyworth? Or kill her, like you killed her father? Don't listen to the devil. He lies with every breath. What about Batman? Let's go. Rest in peace, Gotham City. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 