Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e14 - Darkness - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 14 - Darkness - full transcript 
 Batman makes an unlikely alliance with Silver Monkey to escape from the League of Assassins. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman. Will you rescue her, Agent Pennyworth? Or kill her, like you killed her father? What about Batman? Rest in peace, Gotham City. For too long, Gotham has held itself up as a symbol of hope to the world. A place of dreams, excess and greed. No more! Tonight, the League of Assassins will show the world Gotham's true face as it is reborn in darkness. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And as with all births, there will be pain. The police cannot help you. Your elected officials cannot help you. Even your vigilante hero Batman cannot help you. Submit to my rule or become a remnant of history. We need to go. We'll be safer at the precinct. Pack something quick. I wanna be gone before the streets are overrun by crazies. Do you think they really have Batman? I don't know, sweetheart. But I'm gonna find out. Tatsu, please wait. How could you just leave Batman there? After what they did to Jason. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You never leave a member of your team behind. You do when you're outnumbered. We can't save Batman if we're dead. The Batcave has its own self-contained power source separate from Gotham Power. There. That should be enough to... Ra's al Ghul knew you by name. Knew about my father's death. Is what he said true? Did you kill my father? We were MI6 agents. Ra's is one of the most wanted criminals in the world. Understandably, our paths crossed. You didn't answer my question. Because it's ridiculous! Edogawa was my best friend. Ra's is trying to drive a wedge between us, nothing more. I am not your enemy. For your sake, I hope that is true. Thanks, I can take it from here. You intrigue me, Batman. A warrior of your talent and skill, I haven't come across in a millennium. Yet you rely on toys to protect you. You won't win this. Your city's benefactor, Bruce Wayne, has provided me a weapon of limitless power. In his arrogance Wayne thought he could bring light to the world like a god. Gotham is now the head of a beast whose tentacles will bring darkness to whatever they touch, and in turn deliver power to me. Power to drain countries of their wealth, or crush them with their own warheads, turning their citizens into slaves. All through a system already in place. The Internet. Who is the god now? Gotham is gone. There is nothing left to fight for. Join me, as I cleanse this city and return it to greatness. Never! Then you will die. Silver monkey. Welcome to the end, Batman. So it's true. They have Batman. Half of Gotham is under siege. The other half is terrified and armed. Not a good cocktail. Batman trusts you. I need your help. The Ion... Whatsix? Cortex, stolen from Wayne Industries. That's how they're controlling Gotham's power. At its core, it's a computer, which means it can be hacked and destroyed. Well, let's hack it and kick these pajama-wearing gangsters out of my city. Not that simple. The Cortex is at Fall Point, same place they're keeping Batman. Underground, guarded. Based on that file, our best bet is to hack it wirelessly from close by. Gotham PD's Mobile Command Center could do it. Is that why you came here? You want me to steal police property, and hack a high tech computer? Maybe I'm not making myself clear. Unless we stop the Ion Cortex, Gotham is lost. Okay, I get it. So say I do this, and I'm not saying I can. Where will you be? Where I should be right now. Saving Batman. Reach me on this. Give me an hour. Good or bad, I'll know by then. You can come out now. Think he'll come through? Whether he does or doesn't, the plan is the same. Worse comes to worse, we blow the Cortex and take the League down with it. You willing to take it that far? I'm not afraid to die. Are you? The hope of escape. Ruminations of an ill-informed mind. Then inform me. These cells extend three feet above and below, and are weighted beneath the cement. The bars themselves... Are made of triple rolled steel. The distance between the bars is 11.43 centimeters, which means it would require roughly 150 pounds of pressure to either side to pull them apart. The lock, German. Blastproof, and pressurized to resist picking. - Shall I go on? - Apologies. Passing time until dinner. Dinner? - When? - Midnight. Don't expect much. Midnight. Interesting. How were you able to get that past Ra's weapon scan? Wouldn't show up on a scan. It's a synthetic hollow carbon nanotube meant to replicate the wing bones of a bat. Only this fiber's 50 times stronger. I can cut through these bars but there's too many to go through before the guards come with our food. That is a quandary. No, I'm your enemy. But I'm your only chance of freedom. It's a paradox. Are you telling me, we don't have anyone from Computer Crimes here? MIA, boss. Geeks. - Probably hiding. - Fine! Take a squad car and go to their homes. This is important! - Have you seen it out there? - Just do it! And don't stop for a donut. If there are donut shops left. I know a hacker who can help you. Me. Barbara... Come on, you heard what Katana said. We're running out of time. What? Katana? - Were you? - Yes. And you should be glad I was. Fact, I can code faster than kids twice my age. Heck, I hacked the Gotham PD database when I was 12. You what? Okay, maybe that wasn't the best example. Fact, you are staying in this precinct. - But Lieutenant... - Call me Dad. Uh, Dad, we just got a report, that ghosts were seen on 83rd and Grand. That's miles from the Cauldron. And I'm Lieutenant to you, Rodriguez. Okay, okay, I'm coming. Barbara, do not leave this office. Oh no! Please don't make that noise. - Dad. - Out! Now! No. Did you just say, "no" to me? You don't need to find a hacker. You already have one. This is my city too. I'm not putting my daughter in danger. Your daughter's the only one who can help you. I can do this, Dad. I know it. Move over. Who taught you how to drive stick anyhow? Video games. This is the way out. Then this is where we part. You're not coming? I came here to disable the Cortex. You have your freedom, honor it. It won't be given so freely again. Fool! Make sure that's nothing we need to worry about. Power has been sent to the remote cameras. Begin the feed. Mayor Grange. Governor Kortu. Police commissioner Correo. Thank you so much for joining me. I believe the next few minutes are going to be very enlightening for all of us. Collapsing firewall. Impressive, Jason. But you built the Cortex with Wayne Industries tech, which means you had your secrets, but Bruce Wayne had his. A back door. You really do impress. I can see why our master took an interest in you. Sadly his interest is over. You? Why? Freedom has no meaning without honor. Even enemies must abide their debts. I believe you called it a paradox. There's a ventilation shaft at the end of the hall. It will take you to the surface. Go! This is long overdue. Agreed. So that is what I am offering. The League needs a home and we have chosen Gotham. You may run your city as you always have. Only now, you are under our protection. Agree, and the light returns. Oppose me, and Gotham will fall into a darkness that will never end. There's no way I'm turning my officers over to some bathrobe-wearing... It appears you're going to be needing a new police commissioner. Do consider my offer. You have until sunrise. Dad, why are we on Broadway? Kensington will get us to Fall Point faster. Kensington is blocked off. Gotham PD is trying to keep the ghosts from moving further into the city. Don't get squirrely, I know a short cut. - What are you doing? - Stopping. Why? Because that roadblock on Kensington, it didn't work. Batman, still no response from Alfred and Katana. Try again. Scan the upper frequencies. They may be on a hidden channel. Scanning... Help! If you can hear us, we're on Kensington. Computer, stop and enhance. There's hundreds of ghosts out there. They're all around. Daddy?! Barbara, stay where you are. Barbara. Gordon. Welcome back. You like my steel toes, ugly? Eat them! Barbara, we're targets if we stay here. We have to get out on foot. No. The Cortex. Batman is coming. Sweetheart, I don't know what you heard on that radio. But Batman is not... Not coming, huh? Thought you'd been captured. Early release for good behavior. What are you doing out here? What do you mean? We're helping Katana. - Isn't she with you? - No. If she's not with you, then where is she? A rescue attempt. How noble and foolish. Sadly for you. I have to say, Katana, I am a bit disappointed. Alfred Pennyworth, still alive? Have you no honor? If you question my honor, let me prove it to you on the end of a sword. Wonderful bravado! Nothing like your father, wouldn't you say, Alfred? Ignore the jackal's lies, Katana. You know the truth. Does she? Did you ever wonder, little dove, how your mother could afford to send you to such expensive western boarding schools? Or why Alfred, your father's partner, who barely knew you took such an interest in your life? He wasn't family. Was it because of love? Loyalty to his old friend? Or was it guilt? Open your eyes. You've been living a lie. I should have destroyed you that day. But you didn't. You ran. A coward. You killed Tatsu's father and you ran. I had no choice! Alfred? I didn't want to lie to you. If there was any way I could undo Ed's death, I would. You have to believe me. I didn't have a choice. There's always a choice! There will be time for the end of this story. I want to savor the moment when Agent Pennyworth is taken from this life. Lock them down. Separate cells. Tatsu. Katana. You've proven to be far more impressive then I gave you credit for, Batman. I do wish you had taken my offer. Perhaps then I wouldn't be in the position to kill Agent Pennyworth and the lovely Miss Yamashiro. What do you want? Pennyworth owes me a life. His fate is written. But surrender to me and I will let Katana go. No negotiation. Those you have fought to protect are at this moment ceding Gotham to me. It's over. You want me? Come get me. What are you doing? Who was that? Ra's al Ghul. He has Katana. She came to you. Why? She needed help to destroy the Ion Cortex thing. I was gonna hack it for her. Then I have something that can help you. Before I escaped, I opened a back door to the Cortex. The IP address is onscreen. What's the password? Oracle. Cool! Where are you going? Ra's will come after me. I need to be ready. Protect your daughter. The fate of Gotham's in her hands now. I am Ra's al Ghul. I come seeking help with a problem I believe you're all familiar with. Batman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 