Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e20 - Doppleganger - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 20 - Doppleganger - full transcript 
 After his ordeal at Blackgate Prison, Batman is haunted in his dreams by a mysterious winged humanoid bat, only to later discover that he really exists. Meanwhile, Alfred returns and tries to help Bruce work out his personal issues. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman. Hi, major. It's time for you to come back. Batman needs you. Bruce needs you. I need you. It appears you've missed me. I'm so sorry, my dear. That's no way to treat a lady. This is! Are you okay? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm a little busy, Barbara. But no. Um, that's quite a butter knife. What do you think the Bat-prentice has in mind? I think she's going to knight us. Oh, then we shall bow. Poor, dear, she's not as good as the Bat. I concur. But it's nice to have a woman around the house. What happened? They got away. - Should I call Batman? - No, he's been a little preoccupied. Perhaps it's time to take a break. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get out of the cave. Get some sunlight, see friends. I only have one real friend. And even you chose to walk away from me. You are not the reason I left. Are we gonna talk about that? You disappeared for almost eight months. But I came back when you needed me, as promised. I will tell you where I was, what I was doing, in time. But right now we should be more concerned with you. And Batman. I'm afraid, Alfred. Afraid of what might happen if I put the suit back on. Then don't. Let Katana look after Gotham. And let Bruce Wayne enjoy his life. I'm sure there's someone who'd like to pal around with a billionaire. Secure. Mayor Grange let this city get soft. Time for a new mayor to toughen Gotham up. - Batman! - What? The key to me winning this election is Batman. Once I'm mayor, I don't care what vigilante menace wants to run around Gotham in a Halloween costume. But this is an election year. So, what exactly do you want from me? Grange has been on leave for a month. The writing's there. I mean, with the right push she's done. It's the perfect time to go negative with my campaign ads, but it's expensive. What I need is money. Can I count on Bruce Wayne's deep pockets? - I don't know, Harvey. - You don't know! Why do you think I brought the great Dane Lisslow, head of my Special Crimes Unit? It's not great, just Dane. Because if you don't write a check, he'll arrest you. I'm kidding. You've studied goju ryu. - How can you tell? - The scars on your hands. You spend a lot of time training. I've broken a lot of fingers. Few of them my own. I don't know how many times I sprained a finger trying to get the governor on the phone. Have you ever studied savate? Only for all of college. Ow! Why are we doing this again? If you're going to help, even if it's mostly with your computer, you should know how to defend yourself. I know how to defend myself. After the Blackgate incident and all the trouble with the Ion Cortex, Batman wants me to train you. Consider it payback. Cool, now can you let go of my neck? Oh, I was thinking about giving myself a code name. Something mysterious like Oracle. I broke this in Israel in a krav maga tournament. Good one. Jeet kune do. Broke my clavicle in three places. Got my medal, then passed out. What is that smell? It's parijat bark. What do you think? Ah, it's terrible. That's how you know it's good. If you guys are done drinking your mulch, can we get back to me? Okay, Harvey, send me your proposal, and I'll give it some... Ah, excuse me, I need to leave. - Is something wrong? - No, I... I got some bad bark. Dinner's on me. Um, what's your most expensive desert? I know what I saw. It was a bat. A human size man-bat. Something clearly attacked him, Alfred. You saw his clothes. Maybe what you thought you saw was just a mild hallucination. I had the same thought until I checked out all the Gotham crime reports from previous nights. There have been several break-ins at chemical supply companies in the last month, including one very close to where I encountered... What I saw. Pyg and Toad were breaking into a chemical factory. It can't be a coincidence. Bruce... Batman needs to get back out there, Alfred. Considering your current condition, are you sure that's wise? No. But when has Batman ever listened to reason? According to the reports, the only thing stolen after each break-in had a direct relationship to DNA sequencing. Specifically animal DNA. Makes sense. It fits with Pyg and Toad's pro-animal pathology. Tapper Chemicals is a leading distributer of sequenced animal DNA. There's a 68 percent chance this is the next target. Not this time. Wow, he wasn't kidding. It is a man-bat. - Are you okay? - I'm fine. Get him, it, into the Batmobile. Is that what I think it is? Batman, with a bat-man. How pathetically redundant. Sorry, Batman, but we'd like our pet back. Mister Toad, would you be so kind as to call him? Come here, boy. Who's the good man-bat? Okay, freaks, everyone on the ground. In these clothes, I think not. Mister Toad, an exit. On closer inspection, these capsules appear to serve as a hypodermic for the chemical inside. Where am I? He can talk. Of course I can talk. Now that you got those things off my neck. Why were you working with Pyg and Toad? - What are they planning? - Working with? No, you've got it all wrong. I wasn't working with them. I was their first victim. My name is Dr. Kirk Langstrom. I was a research scientist trying to break down the DNA of bats. I was hoping to develop a life-saving serum from their immune system, which is very resistant to disease. But others had a different plan for my work. Pyg and Toad stole my research and perverted it, forcing me to test the serum on myself. Turning me into what you see before you. Not an animal, and no longer a man either. Professor Pyg implanted those capsules into my neck, which allowed them to take control of my mind and body. I'm not surprised. According to the Batcomputer, the substance in these capsules is scopolamine. The devil's breath. A toxin made from nightshade that creates a loss of mental control. The victim becomes mentally bonded to the first voice it hears. Sounds like a zombie. Exactly. They forced me to rob chemical depots to create more of my serum, substituting bat DNA for the DNA of other animals. They want to make an animal army to take back Gotham for all animal kind. Can you lead us to them? Yes, but Pyg and Toad got the last of the DNA they needed at Tapper Chemicals. We might already be too late. Let the experiments commence. Now, I hope you're not allergic to cat hair. Because you're going to be covered in it soon. And one of you lucky girls is going to have the honor of becoming Mrs. Toad. Now, Mister Toad, this is the most important decision of your life. Chose with your heart. Absolutely. Eenie, meenie, miney... ...mo. Would you do me the honor of making me the happiest man-phibian on earth? That's frightened for "yes." This is where they held me. If they have hostages, that's where they'll be. Are we too late? No. That's rude. How do you expect us to create a race of human-animal soldiers if you insist on interrupting? Why don't we settle this like gentlemen? That would be dreadfully dull. Ssh! Follow me. Our army is deserting. Mister Toad, get them back in formation! Now, where were we? It's the police. That's Gotham PD, not the SCU Stay in the shadows. Put your weapons down! I've got people here who need help. We got a call saying Pyg and Toad were holding hostages at the old zoo. A call? From who? Someone calling themselves Oracle. You are spoiling my wedding day. Now, be a good bat and fetch my future bride. That wasn't sporting. Now, let me show you something I didn't learn in medical school. Okay, I will give you one last chance to surrender. Stay down. Oh, he's ruined these trousers. Sweetums. We are home. Langstrom, fight it! Do you, Mister Toad, take this soon to be non-human to be your unlawfully wedded wife? I do. And do you, soon to be non-human, take Mister Toad to be your unlawfully wedded husband? That means I do. Keep going. If there is anyone who thinks these two should not be united, speak now or forever hold your... The wedding's off. Sit down and behave. - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir. Can't believe I almost married that guy. Ew. And that he licked my neck. It's safe to come out now, Dr. Langstrom. I don't know how I could ever repay you both. Continue your research, find a cure. How, when I look like this? You're still Kirk Langstrom inside. That hasn't changed. As long as you remember who you really are, there's nothing to fear from the Man-Bat. If I need your help how will I find you again? You won't, we'll find you. Are you two done? There's only so much macho I can take. Thank you, Alfred. To Harvey Dent, Gotham's next mayor. What? You're backing me? This should answer your question. Wow! Well, I am a billionaire. Dane, take a look at this. Yup, those are a lot of zeroes. Excuse me, gentlemen. Mayor? When I told you to make friends, I didn't mean Harvey Dent and his pit bull. I like Dane. His technique is a little sloppy, but he can keep up. He kind of reminds me of... - ...me. - Wonderful. Two Bruce Waynes. Just what the world needs. That still doesn't explain Dent. You know what they say, keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 