Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e17 - Monsters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 17 - Monsters - full transcript 
 There's a new hero in Old Gotham. A Golem creature has been fighting back against armored criminals attacking local businesses. Tracking the creature down to an abandoned synagogue, Batman and Katana discover that the "Golem" is actually Rex Mason (aka Metamorpho), who's been retraining his body in order to help the citizens of Old Gotham. Realizing he's found a new ally, Batman joins Metamorpho's fight, but it isn't easy. The criminals are using high-tech weaponry... from Stagg Industries! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Please, just tell me what you want! Money? Credit card numbers? How about a nice cantaloupe? Who doesn't love a good melon? Stick around Old Gotham, and the same might happen to you. Life is short. Retire. Move on. I hear Metropolis is nice. What the? Did you do that? No, you mope. Turn on your spot. Huh? You see that? Where'd he go? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This just in. Another attack thwarted, by what locals call, the Golem of Old Gotham. We go live now to City Hall. Mr. District Attorney, this is the fifth assault on Old Gotham businesses in as many nights, and the fifth time the perpetrators were themselves attacked by the Golem. There is no Golem. This is the Batman's work. He's a vigilante. And he's breaking the law by interfering with civilian authority. Interfering or getting the job done? This outlaw's version of, "getting the job done," only causes more destruction. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's why the first priority of my newly authorized Special Crimes Unit will be to bring the Bat to justice. Anything you'd like to tell me? You think I'm the Golem? Since Alfred left, you've gone with me on every patrol. Please. I still need to sleep. What are you down to? Four? Three hours a night? What's your point? I know you're patrolling without me. And when you're not, you spend more time training here, and less time as Bruce Wayne. But it still wouldn't surprise me if the Batman turned out to be the Golem. Except, he's not. So, who is? Old Gotham, it was the jewel of the city once. Now, it's a slum. While right beside it, Gotham's wealthiest turn a blind eye. My fault. I haven't done enough. You're only one man. You do enough. What is that thing? State-of-the-art battle armor. Interesting. He's a thug. I was closing up for the night, the door was already locked. And this big ape smashes his way in. He starts trashing my place. Who trashed him? It was the Golem of Old Gotham. He stopped the jerk and ran off. Which way? Crime Alley. No! Batman, are you all right? Batman! Batman! - What's the matter with you? - Nothing. Captain Lisslow, deploy your men. I want the SCU to capture the Batman, or whatever this Golem is, tonight. Roger that. Do we pursue? We don't want a confrontation with Dent and his storm troopers. Not yet, anyway. Come on, I want another look at that battle suit. What is a Golem anyway? Traditionally, Golems are creatures of magic. Constructed from raw materials like mud or clay, to fight for the common people. According to legend, Golems live in the rafters of places of worship. Of course, these are just tales to scare children. Or inspire them. But I doubt we're dealing with a true magical Golem, so let's try another approach. The battle suit the Golem fought was military grade. Very advanced. Like something you might wear. And only someone with Bruce Wayne's resources could build it. If we find a motive for the attacks, it will be a short list of suspects. All the attacks were in Old Gotham. Let's widen the parameters. Within the last year, new construction has encroached on Old Gotham. Of course. I should've seen it. What? Should've seen what? Why are we here? You're being ridiculously cryptic. Even for you. This is one of the newly constructed high-rises. I recognized a name on its tenant list. I know that! What name? And what does it mean? It means we'll find what we're looking for there. You better hope that is a Golem, because if not, you just killed a man. Rex, we're not here to harm you. Or turn you over to the police. You know this, uh, guy? Yes. His name is Rex Mason. It was, until my life was turned upside down because of a woman named Sapphire Stagg. Her father didn't approve of me. So he arranged for a little "industrial accident." But, I guess what doesn't kill you, makes you a freak! After our last encounter, I fled to the sewers. I had to reconstitute myself, and re-learn how to think and move. Teach myself how to exploit the abilities of my new body. But I couldn't live in the sewers forever. So I hide here during the day, only daring to venture out at night. You didn't simply venture. I couldn't stand around while the people of Old Gotham were attacked. You need to be more careful, you left too many clues. He did? Residue on the sewer grate in the alley. Then when I saw the name on the tenant list of the New Gotham Arms, it all made sense. Sapphire Stagg. You chose a location where you could watch her, keep her safe. That led us straight here. We all have our flaws. Although she believed I was dead, I couldn't stay away. And now, with all the publicity surrounding the Golem, I'll have to move. I have to lose even the sight of her. Forever. I wouldn't be so sure. I believe I know who's behind the attacks. All right, lights out! Enjoying your stay, Stagg? It does provide time to contemplate my next move against those who put me here, Batman. You put yourself here, Stagg, when you destroyed Rex Mason's life. And I already know your next move. Destroy Old Gotham, buy it cheap, rebuild it in your own glossy image. Only Stagg Industries possesses the resources for the battle suits terrorizing Old Gotham. Nice story. Great ending. A little showy for me. I prefer the shadows, like you. It appears the great detective has finally been out-maneuvered. Wish I could take credit. Maybe next time. So, what do I call you? You don't like Rex, you're not a Golem. Why do you need to call me anything? At least a codename. We all have codenames. - How about Muto? - No. Change-afarian? Mr. What is that? Okay, I'll keep working on it. The boss is tired of the subtle approach. Time to let Old Gotham hear our message loud and clear. Leave or die! I think they heard that. Can you run? Yeah, I think so. Then let's deliver all of you out of harm's way. Now! My turn. I've had enough of this freak! Open fire! Was that supposed to hurt? No, but this will. Open fire, captain, now! Yes, sir! Weapons aren't working, sir. Escalate! We got some thing in our line of fire. What you've got, captain, is a chance to take down the so-called Golem and these armored hoods! Might as well be Christmas. I thought Batman was the Golem. Maybe they both are! I don't care! Take 'em down! Look out! See? I told you he was involved! Fire can't hurt him, but, it might just wake him up. Enough distractions! Let's do some damage, boys! Rest time's over. Right. Old Gotham is off limits. To you, to your men, to your boss. Understand? Off limits! Completely off limits! Good. What're you waiting for? After watching you out there today, I think I've got your codename. Metamorpho. After the experiment that changed me. Not bad. It's not too late. We can still help you find a cure. Not interested. As Rex Mason, I never really helped anyone but myself. But as Metamorpho, I could do some real good for other people. But you could accomplish that without being a... A monster? I thought I was a monster because of how I looked. But you're only a monster if you let yourself become one. Wise words. Who knows? Maybe the three of us outsiders will partner up again someday. Anyway, you know where to find me. And here you can plainly see Batman and his allies not only saving Old Gotham, but also District Attorney Dent and his expensive new Special Crimes Unit. Sorry about the suit, Harv. And doubly sorry for involving you in my little gambit a few weeks ago. After all, we both want the same thing. The Batman, dead or alive. Preferably dead. We should be a team, you and I. Oh, I know you want to keep your hands clean, but, I'm happy to get mine dirty for you. And no one will ever know. I believe this belongs to you. Prove it. Like father, like daughter. Surprised? I gave up being surprised long ago. Occupational hazard. Well, my father will be surprised. He thinks I have no head for business. Is that what they call terrorizing a neighborhood these days? Business? If so, your business failed. This time. Walk away, Ms. Stagg. You do not want to become my enemy. Batman, wait. That Golem that fought beside you, I saw the television footage. - And it looked like... - It wasn't. Rex Mason is dead. Your father is in prison because of it. And if you come near Old Gotham again, you'll rot in the cell right beside him. Count on it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 