Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e9 - Control - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 9 - Control - full transcript 
 The League of Assassins sends human/computer hybrid Cypher to gain control of Jason Burr's mind and his secrets. Cypher ends up controlling Katana as well! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman... When the Ion Cortex goes online, all those lights will be connected. You came up with the Ion Cortex. And it looks like someone besides Wayne Industries wants it... That's why you're the target. You saved my life. Don't struggle. I have your mind. I have control. You okay, fella? He has my mind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He has control. Who, buddy? Who has control? Cypher. Too slow. Too predictable. Too angry. Too bad. You've got the technique, but not the discipline. Don't let your anger, your emotions get the better of you. Think with your head, not your heart. Jason? He keeps finding excuses to call me. That's the fifth time today. Want me to say something to him? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. I mean, it's nothing I can't handle myself. Will it be one straw or two, for dinner this evening? Sorry, Alfred, I kinda promised Jason I'd let him make dinner for me tonight. I just hope the nerd can cook. I know, I know, head, not heart, don't worry, they're both well-protected. You might consider taking it a little easier on her. I might, but I won't. Couldn't Lieutenant Gordon use something a little less obvious to contact you? I'm gonna need my dinner in a to-go cup. Oh! Welcome to my humble... Jason? What are you doing? Oh, hi! These are for you. Are you okay? No, I mean, I had some flowers. Hey, I almost forgot, I've got a big surprise for you. Why don't you go get yourself a donut, Dombrowski? Nah, the wife says I gotta cut back. Then only get a half a dozen this time. Hey! Yeah. Even when I know you're coming, I still can't get used to that. Right. Well, I got something you should take a look at. We found him wandering the streets. Kept mumbling something over and over. Cypher... That's it, Cypher. Thought it sounded like one of your costumed friends. Graphite residue, from an artist pencil. Unknown marks at the base of the skull. Did you ID him? Name's William Benjamin. He was a big shot architect, designed the Wayne Industries Building. The Cortex. Computer. Security desk at the Wayne Industries Building. Calling. No answer, Batman. Lobby security camera feed, onscreen. Establishing video link. Katana's cell phone. - No answer. - Keep calling. When the Ion Cortex goes online, you'll be able to re-distribute power in such a way, that any thoughts of an energy crisis will be a thing of the past. I know about the Cortex, Jason. You've told me 100 times. Yes, but you've never seen it actually work. You've got one that works? Yes, uh, well sort of. It's a prototype. Much smaller than the one I'm building for Wayne Industries, so, its range is limited and I can't leave it on for long. But the principle is the same. I didn't know you were this far along. No, no one does. It's awesome. You ready for your surprise? I told you I could cook. Uh, oh, hold on, it's probably just a small power build-up. Oh, okay. Whoo! So, you know, maybe I burn stuff occasionally when I cook. But I promise, the real one definitely won't do that. So, what do you think? I thought it was, amazing. It's kinda nice having someone cook for me, at least something's that's not made in a blender. - Huh? - Nothing. Cooking's just not really my strong suit. Oh, no problem, I'm totally comfortable being the woman of the house. I mean, you know the... the one that cooks. - You should stop talking now. - Heard that! Yep. - What is that thing? - No time to explain. - Let him go. - Wait. Try to stop me and I'll destroy his mind. Put your emotions away before they get you killed. What do you want? Control. I wish to borrow his mind for a while. Long enough for the League of Assassins to get the designs for the Ion Cortex. You know your enemy well. They never sent a psychotic machine before. A machine? No, I am a man just like you. Only, upgraded. You should try it. - It's a rush. - Stop it! I'm gonna lock down the building. Track Cypher, but keep a safe distance. Don't engage! Why did he let you go? He didn't. Sixth floor. Afraid to hurt her? Afraid to hit back? I have no such reservations. Cut those and you'll fry her brain. I'm the only one who can safely release them. How do I unlock the building? They shall be returned when I'm done. In a day, this will all be nothing more than a bad headache. But attempt to follow and their minds will be lost to my control, forever. Take out your handcuffs. Rail or pipe? Surprise me. Activate tracer. Tracer activated. They couldn't have gotten far. Computer, acquire tracer signal. Acquiring. The signal is weak, Batman. Is it being jammed? Unclear. Best guess. The target may be underground. And moving fast. The subway. Hey! You're not allowed in... Auto-pilot. Engaged. The probability of successfully accomplishing this maneuver is less than 8%, Batman. Then you better wish me luck. Good luck, Batman. Thanks. I told you I would kill them. Fine, let's all go down together. How does it feel to have someone else in control? One way or another, I'm taking Jason Burr and the plans for the Ion Cortex buried in his mind. You're stronger than the rest of them. Stronger than he is. It's not me you want to fight. No. No, I won't! Get out! Let me go. Or I'll cut the connection myself and fry him. I swear it. Cutting the connection didn't hurt me. He's bluffing. You think you have control? But I know the truth. Everything your puppet feels, you do too. You feel it all. Do you think he'll have any lasting damage? According to Gordon, the architect made a complete recovery. I took a sample from one of Cypher's upgrades before handing him over to Gotham PD Results were inconclusive. He's alive because of you. You found Cypher's weakness and exploited it. You made the right choice. Head over heart. Finding Cypher's weakness, yes, that was the head. But the kiss, that came from a different place. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 