Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e15 - Reckoning - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 15 - Reckoning - full transcript 
 Ra's al Ghul recruits an army of Batman's foes (Professor Pyg, Mr. Toad, Magpie, Tobias Whale, Phosphorus Rex, and Cypher) in order to eliminate him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman. The Ion Cortex, it's a computer. Which means it can be hacked and destroyed. I know a hacker who can help you. Me. You killed Tatsu's father and you ran. Alfred? I am Ra's al Ghul. I come seeking help with a problem I believe you are all familiar with. Batman. Have I said something entertaining? Dear fellow, I speak for all of us 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 when I say thank you, for opening our cells. But your problem is just that, yours. Yeah, yours. As in, not ours. Ow. That was regrettable. Hold on, now, porky. We don't take orders from outsiders. By morning, Gotham will be in the control of the League of Assassins. Help me, and there will be place for you in it. And by help you, you mean kill the Bat? Alive or dead is no matter to me, whoever brings me Batman will be rewarded with their own piece of Gotham to do with as they please. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, do we have a deal? Computer, confirm diagnostic on the Batmobile. Confirming, Batman. I have also downloaded the Scythian translation you requested to your Batsuit. Good. May I ask, were you not beaten by Ra's al Ghul in your last encounter? The odds of you reversing this defeat are 50 to one in Ra's favor. Then I hope Barbara Gordon can hack the Cortex before the rematch. We're in position. How long is this gonna take? Signal's too weak. We need to get closer. Stop! I got a signal, 70%. Please, tell me that's good. Good enough. Put her in park, Dad. This is where it gets interesting. Who's there? Choices always demand a reckoning, Miss Yamashiro. Your father understood that. Which is why, out of respect for him, I'm going to make you an offer. Save your breath. Oh, I think you want to hear this. My offer is simple. Kill Pennyworth. And I will release your father's soul from the Soultaker Sword. What? My father's soul? Edogawa has been trapped in this sword for decades because of Pennyworth and he said nothing. Your father's soul in pain. No! Avenge your father, and I will set you free. I want my reckoning. Batman, I'm detecting movement up ahead. Looters. I'll get to them later. I do not believe this is looters. Hello, Batman. I hope you're not offended that I sought outside help. You're an annoyance, but hardly worth my individual attention. Enjoy the reunion. Hello, my little bat. Miss me? What did Ra's promise you? What am I worth? The delicious Mr. Ghul is going to make me a queen with my own piece of the city and all the shiny shiny I can steal. Isn't he a doll? Back off, barbeque boy, he's mine. Hollow threat coming from someone who's about to be a roast chicken. Good to see you again, Batman. Let's play. How much longer? I'm almost to the kernel. This code is amazing. One slip, instant smash the stack. I'm glad you're enjoying yourself. What? Is there something on my face? No. I just... I had no idea that you knew about this kind of stuff. Why didn't you ever tell me? Come on, Dad, you're... Dad. Girl's gotta have her secrets. Understood. I'm proud of you, kiddo. Get down, Barbara. Out of sight. What's happening? Barbara, stay where you are. I think I scared him off. Daddy needs to move the car. Turn right. Uh, Dad. We just lost the satellite, which means I'm going to have to find another way to hack the Cortex. Great. Enough. I'm done. Magpie, I'm yours. Sorry, suckers. This bat's going to the bird. I don't think so. Looks like you're the winner, Phosphorus. Keep your tentacles to yourself. Like my shiny shiny, froggy. I think it's time to slice up some fresh bacon. Give it your best shot, tweety. Almost too easy. Out for a stroll, baby? I ain't armed. Just wanna talk. Fools you just left can beat each other all they want. I ain't interested in taking orders from no out-of-towner. Dig? No. I don't "dig". Ra's al Ghul wants your hide, and he offers what? A piece of my city? Ain't his to give, baby. I'm guessing you feel the same, so I figure any enemy of my enemy is someone I can party with. Dig me now? You could only outrun your past for so long, Agent Pennyworth. Don't do this, Tatsu. You father... Do not talk to me about my father. His soul was in this sword, in my possession, and you said nothing. Well done. Now, finish him. Not yet. Before I take his soul, I want to hear the truth, how he killed my father. I had no intention of killing your father, Tatsu. My only thought was survival. But then, just as the sword began to draw out my soul, your father let go. All I remember after that is dropping the sword and running. Edogawa sacrificed himself for me. It's the truth, Tatsu. He's lying, Katana, as he's lied to you your whole life. He killed your father in cold blood. Finish him. No. Alfred is not a killer. And neither was my father. Then you'll join Edogawa's soul along with Pennyworth's. Kill them! Hold. Change of plans. - What's going on? - I don't know. But I think we're about to find out. Take one last look as your hero bows to me before you die. Impressive. I was expecting a body but not one so alive. But this is indeed a wonderful prize. Hate to disappoint, but this is a prize you're going to lose. Do either of you actually think you will leave here alive? Actually, I believe one of us will. I'm a gambler, Batman. And as any good gambler knows you gotta play the odds, and, baby, you got some long odds. Mr. Ghul, I do believe you and me gonna do some business together. Didn't know getting played was so amusing. I needed to get to Ra's and you brought me right to him. Thank you. Now, let's finish this. I am officially the worst father of the year for letting you do this. Dad, I just have to hardwire my laptop into Fall Point's internal network. Once I'm in the kernel I can destroy the Cortex. We'll be heroes. We'll be dead. This place is crawling with ninjas. They won't kill us. They'll just take us hostage. It's all good. We've danced this dance before, Batman. Only an insane man would believe the outcome could be different. I've been called crazy before. He doesn't even look like he's trying. Which leads me to believe there's more to this duel than we're seeing. He's stalling. We're back in business, Dad. I did it! I'm at the kernel. Then destroy it and save the city. Because we need to be going. Now. Your time is over, Batman. Gotham belongs to me. What is this? What is happening? Barbara. We're out of time. Finish it. Almost. There! Let's go home. Congratulations. I've always wondered what it felt like to lose. You were right. I can't beat you. Not one on one. But everyone has their weakness. And what is my weakness? The belief you don't have one. Katana. The Soultaker Sword? I was finally able to decode the Scythian chant you used to power the sword. So you intend to put my soul back in the sword? This is no threat to me. The League of Assassins is legion. The sword will be found and I released. That's why my plan was to release the souls you took by reverse engineering the chant. Like I said, I can't defeat you one-on-one, but with an army of your enemies... Well, that's a different story. Stop! Release me! Interesting plan. Thank you. Wasn't exactly sure what would happen. I was hoping they'd tear him apart. That was him. That was my father. He's free. So, I did good? Yeah, kid, you did good. But let's keep it between us. Especially the part about stealing Gotham PD equipment. You got it, lieutenant. Please, Bruce, don't make this harder than it already is. Why leave now? I lived another life before I met you. A life in which I did some things I'm not proud of. This whole event has made me realize that perhaps it's not too late to put those things right. So this is goodbye? No, if you or Batman need me, I will be there. This I promise you. Duty calls. You coming? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 