Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e12 - Attraction - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 12 - Attraction - full transcript 
 After Batman shows pity to Magpie in prison, she breaks out where she is willing to kill Katana in a jealous rage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman... You and I should be friends. We've so much in common. Not gonna happen. Margaret Sorrow is gone. There is only Magpie now. - Is this nutjob serious? - Sadly so. Go away! Leave Lunkhead and his toy alone! Hole. It's never over until it's over. Feeding time, Tweety Bird. The name's Magpie. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Call me Tweety Bird again, and I'll scratch your eyes out! Works for me, girlie. You wanna starve? Be my guest. Shiny, shiny! I'm sorry about this, Batman. I honestly thought, this time, the rehabilitation would work. Just keep him stuffed with candy. Batman! Batman! Excuse me for a moment, Warden. Magpie. How are you? Sorry I haven't been to see you recently. I was worried something had happened to you. I've missed our talks. Anything I should know? You can tell me anything. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm fine. Thank you. It's time for us to go. Radio says Gotham PDare on their way. Who's this? Who are you? It's been good to see you. When will you visit again? Batman, when? Whoever you are, you don't know him! Not like I do! You'll never know him like I do! Why are you with her? Why would you bring her here? She doesn't deserve to be by your side! Of course! That's why you came! You need my help! Oh, you couldn't tell me because she was watching. Clever, my little bat. Fortunately for you, this little birdie is clever as well. Mr. Guard, sir? You got any candy for Lunkhead? Not on me, big fella, but I'll get some for you. Psst! Lunkhead! Over here! Hello, lady person. Does Lunkhead know you? We're old friends. The bad people are holding us hostage. But you're so strong! With your help, we can get out of here together. All you have to do is take out the guard when he returns. But Lunkhead is in here because he was bad again. Escaping would be wrong! Oh, didn't I mention, I have candy for you if you do this? Candy? Oodles of it. All you could ever want. Here you go, big guy. Enjoy. That's it! That's it! Now me! Okay, lady. You free. Now. Where rest of Lunkhead's candy? Oops. Sorry, big fella. No sugar. How about a few lumps instead? Argh! I remember reading about Magpie in your files. Split personality, right? Real name Margaret Sorrow, until she lost her memories and became Magpie. Didn't she try to erase your mind as well? She did. And you've been visiting this nut? Know your enemy, Katana. It could save your life. - Look who flew the coop. - Magpie. Sorry about the mess, Batman. Just wanted to let you know... message received. And don't worry. She won't feel a thing. Unless, of course, you want her to. Time to get pruned, little flower! Magpie. Enough! I just broke out of prison for you. A little appreciation would be nice! I never asked you to harm Katana. And I certainly never told you to break out of prison, Margaret. No! Don't call me that! I hate that name! If you didn't want my help, why did you come and see me tonight? I was dropping off a prisoner. I don't believe you. I know you, little bat. We were made for each other. And she is getting in the way! Look, I don't know what's going on between the two of you... There is nothing going on! You're starting to ruffle my feathers! I'm going to pluck those feathers before... Enough! Whose side are you on here? The side of sanity. You're both out of control. It's time to put an end to this. You're absolutely right, my sweet bat. It's been a while since I've been out of my cage, and this little birdie needs to spread her wings and fly! In the last 12 hours, the plumed lunatic known as "Magpie" has been on a tear all over Gotham. Robbing banks, department stores, electronics stores.. The only clues Gotham PD has to go on are nests of objects left behind at each crime scene in the shape of a bat. This has led to speculation that Magpie could be working with the masked vigilante known as "Batman." Looks like somebody has himself a fan! Not funny. Magpie's crime spree has no discernible pattern, and she doesn't stay in one place long enough to track. Batman should have never let himself get so close to her. Agreed. So where does that leave us? Magpie needs to be put back in her cage. Which means you're sitting this one out. There's no way I'm staying out of this fight. I'm the one she threatened! Which makes you a target. And a liability Batman can't afford right now. Tonight the Bat hunts alone. Any idea where you're going to start looking? All magpies eventually return to their nests. Miskatonic Hospital. Yes. I had the same thought. Are you really certain it's wise to go alone? She's already ambushed you there once before. I know her better now, Alfred. Just out of curiosity, were you ever planning to tell me you'd been visiting her at Blackgate? What happened to Margaret Sorrow, to Magpie, was not... My fault. Margaret Sorrow didn't understand the consequences of hiding who you are. I thought I could help. Help who? Magpie? Or yourself? I knew you would come, my sweet bat. My nest was so empty without you. Hello, Magpie. So, did you like the gifts I left you all over the city? Magpie, this has to stop. You know... I was surprised when you first started visiting me. In that awful prison. I only wanted to help. I never thought it was right that you were put in Blackgate. It isn't where you belong. You mean, I belong with you? No. You belong in a place that can help you understand what happened to you. You belong in a hospital. What is it that scares the Batman? Are you afraid that if you embrace the dark, and only the dark, you might begin to like it? That you might become free? Is that what you want to understand? What it felt like when they buried Margaret Sorrow? That moment when I stepped completely into one side of myself. Well, I'll give you a little hint... it's a rush! You should try it sometime! What's that? She's here, isn't she? Why did you bring her here? I had nothing to do with this. You act like you care about me. Liar! Everyone lies to me! He doesn't need you! I'll let him tell me that himself. What... Curare. You shouldn't have gotten in my way. Why did you let her go after me? Because you're not in your right mind. If you were, you'd never have gone out there alone, unprotected. Whatever it is that draws you to Magpie puts us all at risk. Wait. Where's Katana? I don't know. I searched, but... And repeating our top story, Magpie has struck again, at another local jewelry store. What are those numbers? Some sort of code? No... an address. Please, don't be mad, my little bat. I'm doing this for you. When the counter runs down, the fly in our ointment will be out of our nest permanently. Say your goodbyes while you can. Argh. If there's anyone out there, I'm alive in here! Any progress? I keep remembering something Magpie said at the hospital about her other personality. Her choice of words. "When they buried Margaret Sorrow." When the doctors wiped Margaret's mind in exchange for early release from Blackgate, the side effect was the creation of Magpie. They gave her a new identity. Gotham Hall of Records. There's Margaret Sorrow's date of birth, and... And her date of death. When they gave Magpie her new identity, they killed off her old one. And to make it legitimate, they buried her in Gotham Cemetery, in an empty grave. Magpie's buried Katana alive in Margaret Sorrow's grave! Oh... air's getting thin. Don't panic, Katana. You can panic later. Think! Here! I'm in here! Hurry! Hello? Hello? I'm here! I'm alive! No! This time, I really hoped you wouldn't come. Batman, the great detective. Led to an empty grave. I expected better, but you walked right into my trap. Where is Katana? Hmm, can't be sure. I buried her around here somewhere. I've got trouble with my memory, remember? - Tell me! - No! I gave you every chance, did all the heavy lifting, but you still come after her. Why? Why is she more important than me? I'm the one who understands you! No. You never understood me. If you did, you know I'd never allow someone I care about to come to harm. I thought that by coming to see you in Blackgate, I could give you back a little of the humanity you lost. I was wrong. Coward! You are like me. That's the reason you came to Blackgate! To see your future! Hold onto your precious humanity, Batman. You and I both know it's only a matter of time before it slips from your grasp forever! Shiny, shiny! Enjoy the sting of my talons, Batman. I didn't want this, but you chose your side and lost. I will miss you, my little bat. But not forev... You should have buried me deeper. I'll remember that for next time. I'd like my sword back. Then come take it! When you find a grave you like, let me know. You're only a pale imitation of me, sister. And you know it! You're just jealous because Batman rejected you. Probably because of your horrible fashion sense. I mean, really? Neck feathers with a bustier? Kind of trashy. Right, Batman? Nice try, but the Bat is dead. Care to guess again? But how? I was prepared for your poison claws this time, so I loaded my utility belt with an antidote of physostigmide. I really don't want to hurt you. Too late! Argh! Time to put that loony bird back in her padded cage. Is Bruce going to be all right? He's not the one I'm worried about. You're talking about Batman. Batman, unlike Bruce, belongs to the darkness. But there's a price to pay for staying too long. Margaret Sorrow paid that price, and became Magpie. I fear Batman believes one day, he might pay that price as well. And if that happens? Then it will be up to us to show him the way home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 