Beware the Batman: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beware the Batman 
 s1e7 - Family - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beware the Batman (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 7 - Family - full transcript 
 The League of Assassins kidnap Bruce Wayne and hold him for ransom - until Katana brings them the SoulTaker Sword. But they have no idea who they're holding! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Beware the Batman... The A.R.G.U.S. Club again. How many membership offers have I turned down? You? You're alive? The Soultaker Sword. Did you discover any more surprises at Wayne Manor? Nothing of value. Yield now, and I will grant you both quick deaths. Pass. What he said. How is it possible that Bruce Wayne 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 has never set foot inside the A.R.G.U.S. Club? It's not due to a lack of effort on their part. I get more mail from them than I get from credit card companies, and it all goes in the shredder. - Why? - Not interested. If I want to unwind, I'll get out of Gotham. The A.R.G.U.S. Club is getting out of Gotham. And the best part is you don't have to leave Gotham to get there. That's why I love it. You know what? You're coming as my guest. Next week, no excuses. Let's go to Bora-Bora instead. Bora-Bora? That's a pretty serious trip for a guy who's not known for getting serious, Mr. Wayne. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, maybe I'm more serious than you think, Ms. Ravencroft. I warned you not to mess with me. But you zombies never listen! Aw, come on! Those goons never even touched me. This game is rigged. Hello, Katana. I'm not here to fight. All I want is the sword. Then you're gonna be disappointed. Bring the sword to me, or there will be consequences. We need to talk. If you're here to apologize about the limo again, don't worry. The damage those vandals did when you went to grab a bite is completely covered by insurance, no harm done. It wasn't vandals, Mr. Wayne. It was a member of the League of Assassins named Silver Monkey. What's going on, Alfred? Just listen, Bruce. About a year ago, I infiltrated the League of Assassins as a CIA operative. While I was inside I discovered something of immeasurable value to the League. The Soultaker Sword. I saw this sword in action. It drains souls from helpless targets. It was clearly an abomination too dangerous to leave in the hands of the League or the government. So I faked my own death and the sword's destruction to slip away undetected. I've been lying low with the sword ever since, trying to figure out my next move, but Silver Monkey saw the sword when he broke into the Manor, and now he wants it for himself. Why am I just hearing about this now? It's not her fault, Bruce. Tatsu confided in me after she began working here. I kept it from you to protect her. She was just doing what she thought was right, but I betrayed your trust. And? And... I think the only appropriate solution is for me to tender my resignation. Accepted. What? No, you can't do that! I accept your resignation as well, Ms. Yamashiro. And since I can no longer trust either of you, both of you will be gone by the time I get back. It's okay, you don't have to tell me anything. I don't have to know what happened to know you feel betrayed by those you trusted most. Trust is overrated. I think I'm gonna give it a rest for a while. Good idea. If you and I start trusting each other, we might get serious. Point taken, Doc. Let's get out of here. I know a place where trust isn't an issue. Let me guess. The A.R.G.U.S. Club. Give it a chance, Bruce. They've been like family to me. They can be the same to you if you let them. I'm in your hands. Neat trick. That's nothing. You're about to be blown away. Trust me. They have electricity, right? They have everything. The A.R.G.U.S. Club ritual room. So much history here. Leaders made. Nations born. Wars begun and ended. And enemies revealed. You were right, Bruce. Trust is overrated. I have Wayne. Bring the sword to the A.R.G.U.S. Club in one hour. I have a question. Does the A.R.G.U.S. Club control the League of Assassins, or is it the other way around? Keep asking questions. Maybe one of them will be your last. You know, I've always argued that no one needs therapy more than therapists, and now you're proving my theory. A keen insight. It's a shame you have no one in your life to appreciate it. Said the shrink with the crossbow and the ninja boyfriend. I mean, you and the monkey guy are together, right? If you don't keep your mouth shut, I will shut it for you. Just making conversation. You brought the sword. A wise choice. Now, give it to me. Release Wayne. You are in no position to negotiate. No? Maybe I should take that up with Lady Shiva. You will find Lady Shiva far less forgiving of your transgressions than I am. Now, the sword. You want it? Come and get it. Something just occurred to me. You know what we all have in common? Nothing. This little standoff has nothing to do with me. You're right, Mr. Wayne. You were both dead the moment you entered this room. They won't stop me. Nothing will. That remains to be seen. Is that all you've got? Not even close. This wasn't the plan. You said Wayne wouldn't have to die. If you miss him, you may join him. One of these days your luck will run out. Just hope you're not there when it does. Oh, I do, every day. Hey, didn't I fire you? I brought the things you requested. She could probably use a hand in there. Need a hand? Help yourself to the ninjas. Silver Monkey's mine. Yield now, and I will grant you both quick deaths. Pass. What he said. You will now learn the true power of the Soultaker Sword and why you should have chosen quick deaths when you had the chance. The Soultaker Sword is no mere weapon It has been a vessel of power for more than 1,000 years and it has hosted the souls of conquerors and conquered alike. Just as it will host yours. And yours when the sword is turned against you. By Lady Shiva. Is she right? What about Lady Shiva? I have the sword. Lady Shiva is no longer a concern. How strange. I was just thinking the same thing about you, Silver Monkey. While you may possess the unique skill set necessary to lead the League of Assassins, your bid to displace me was always doomed because of two simple, unavoidable truths. Nothing happens in the League without me knowing about it, and you are not me. Seize her. Seize Lady Shiva now! I'm afraid they fear me more than they fear you, old friend. Oh, the flower you picked has lovely petals, Silver Monkey. I wonder if the same is true of her soul. Please, Lady Shiva. I never meant to betray you! - It was Silver Monkey who... - Shh, shh. Quiet now, my lotus blossom. What are you doing? No! Don't! Don't worry, my friends, she's not dead. Not yet. As for you, Silver Monkey, you won't be joining your flower in the sword. My plans for you are far more interesting and painful. I'm actually quite grateful to Silver Monkey. Yes, he betrayed me, but he also subdued two of my most troublesome adversaries. This is a most welcome windfall for me and for the sword. You forgot one thing. Did I? And what is that? The rocket. What rocket? That rocket. Glove saws? Acid capsules. But good idea. There is no escape. We're not going anywhere, and neither are you. What he said. A promising start. I sincerely hope you survive so we can finish this properly. Farewell for now or forever. We have to stop her. We have to go. You're not going to tell me where we're going? And you're holding me against my will. If you want out, just say so. Now what? I'm aware of your history with the League of Assassins. The fire you staged in Tsuruta to convince the League you were dead, so you could escape with the Soultaker Sword. That was quality work. Thank you, but I don't need your approval. I knew you smuggled the sword into Gotham on a cargo freighter. And I knew Bethanie Ravencroft was conspiring with Silver Monkey. They intended to leverage Bruce Wayne for the sword right from the start. If you knew all that, why didn't you do something about it? I did. I used you to turn the League of Assassins against itself, and it worked. It worked? Bruce Wayne is dead, Bethanie Ravencroft is an empty shell, and Lady Shiva has the Soultaker Sword. Your hands are as dirty as the League's. It didn't work perfectly. You're even crazier than I thought. Good luck with that. If we meet again, it won't be as friends. Before you go, I need to show you something. I've seen enough. Bruce Wayne isn't dead. I'm just fine. I regret what happened to Bethanie, regardless of her intentions. As for the Soultaker Sword, we're going to get it back together. Tonight was your final test. And you aced it. Welcome to the family. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 