Reckless: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reckless 
 s1e10 - Fifty-One Percent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reckless (2014): Season 1, Episode 10 - Fifty-One Percent - full transcript 
 An Arab whom Dec knows hires him to represent his son who has a wrongful death case. It seems like a woman whom he had a relationship and a child with was killed. And he was the suspect but was not charged. Now the girl's mother is trying to keep him away from his child. And her lawyer is Jamie. Jamie tries to have all the evidence excluded in the criminal case admitted. Lee Ann's husband is missing and is dealing with the tape being released. Jamie tries to find out who placed the camera in her office. Holland gets some dirt on the woman running against him for mayor. Holland tells Dec about it but doesn't want to use it but it still gets out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Reckless... No one would ever know that we were together. I can't. Does my husband know you're pregnant? No. Whatever this is, it's over. A damn snitch! Do it! Preston has been working for me. Undercover. Corruption. Within the department. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's a spy cam for sure, Vi. Pretty good one, too. Oh, my God. Terry. The woman in the video has been identified as former Charleston pd officer, Lee Anne Marcus. Arliss! Position the light. Get ready, camera one. Prepare for sound check. Hey, guys, let's move that stand over there. Lights up. And we're live in three, two... I'm here with Jamie Sawyer, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the attorney representing Lee Anne Marcus, a former Charleston police officer currently suing the city for wrongful termination. And defamation of character. Yes. A sex tape featuring your client and multiple male police officers has been leaked to the media, and now Ms. Marcus' husband, Arliss Fulton, has been missing for days. The police are still searching the area where his truck crashed. Could it be that Mr. Fulton was despondent after the tape's release? Even suicidal? I can't comment on open investigations. But you mentioned the tape. Let's talk about that. By all means. Most trial lawyers would tell you that the public release of this sex tape will negatively affect our jury pool. They might ask if we can even get a fair trial or suggest we move to another venue. But I have no doubt that the citizens of this great city can and will judge my client fairly. The truth and the law will win this case for Lee Anne Marcus. Who do you think leaked the tape, Ms. Sawyer? Your station aired it, Nancy. I was hoping you could tell me. She won't eat a bite. I know this must be hell for you. The press is following me everywhere, and that tape is on television 24-7. I keep... thinking about Arliss having to look at that. You got any news, Jamie? I called in to the police for a progress report, but because of the lawsuit, we're not exactly number one on their call list. Well, what if, because of the lawsuit, they're not really looking for him? I'm sure they are. If they find something, they might not even tell us. They have to tell us, Lee Anne. If they find a body, yes, but if there's no body... He might be out there, and they're not really looking for him, they're not even trying... I'm sure they're doing everything they can. Roy, I'd like you to meet our clients, Ibrahim Al Zahrani and his son Tariq. Roy is the perfect man for this case. He's a former solicitor, knows his way around civil and criminal law. Yes, you come highly recommended by our criminal lawyer. I followed your case. Then you know that, late last year, my son was on trial for murdering his American girlfriend, but he was acquitted of all charges. We thought the nightmare was over, but now her family is suing us for wrongful death. They just want to try him in a different court. Father... I told you not to get entangled with this woman. Her name was Jenna. Mr. Al Zahrani, you have all the money in the world. You can make this go away with a stroke of a pen. I told him this. No, I won't settle. Jenna and I have a daughter, Olivia. I first met Jenna when I was here on business, representing my father's shipping company. I loved her, but she ended it. Three years later, when I returned to Charleston, I looked for her. I not only found her, I discovered that she had a child. And that she was mine. She never told me. Gentlemen, this is a very difficult case. Civil trials have a lesser burden of proof than criminal ones. Even if a jury believes it's only a 51% chance that you're liable, they're obligated to decide against you. I understand. But I have to do what is right. I need to fight this. For me. And my daughter. Ms. Sawyer, Tariq Al Zahrani took my daughter from me. And if he isn't held liable in this civil case, he'll take my granddaughter away from me, too. Mary, you are Olivia's legal guardian. As long as child services has an open file on Tariq, he can't get custody. It'll only close if he can prove he didn't kill Jenna. Tariq was acquitted of murder because the police improperly collected a key bit of evidence, and it was excluded. But evidence in civil trials can meet different criteria. If we get that evidence admitted, it's a whole new ball game. Your Honor, I request that the blood-stained shirt Tariq Al Zahrani wore on the night of the murder be admitted into evidence. I object, Your Honor. The police entered my client's hotel room without a warrant and searched his closet. The shirt was not in plain sight and therefore should not be admitted. The exclusionary rule doesn't apply in civil cases. Plymouth Sedan v. Pennsylvania... The supreme court allows the exclusionary rule in quasi-criminal civil cases. And Ms. Sawyer is seeking to re-litigate a criminal case in civil court. A valiant effort, Mr. Rayder, but I'll be siding with Ms. Sawyer on this one. The shirt's in. That was just a skirmish. You haven't won the war yet. It's not my fault you're on the wrong side of right, Rayder. Again. I saw you on the news this morning with Nancy. Your girlfriend's a very talented interviewer. She's not my girlfriend, but she is talented at a lot of things. I know you don't like her, but you did not hesitate to use her. Oh, it was mutually beneficial. You could say that Nancy and I are... friends with benefits. It won't work, Jamie, turning to the press to tilt public opinion on Lee Anne's case. My hand was forced. It wasn't my fault the sex tape was leaked. Was it yours? Ooh, that is a low blow, even for you. Well, I got the tape kicked, and maybe you just wanted to be sure that the public and any possible unbiased jury members would be sure to see it. There are a lot of people who could've released that tape. Namely... You, for one. Me? Seeing that footage devastated Lee Anne and possibly drove her husband to suicide. You think I'd do all that just to win a case? No. I don't. Sorry. It's hard to step in the ring with you. I'd rather be in with you than anyone else. Me, too. But, Roy, I am going to find out who leaked that tape. And if it was anyone on your side of the courtroom, your entire case isn't just sunk. The entire Charleston police department is going down with it. Hello, Grace. Good morning, sir. You're home early. Well, I went for a run, took an early breakfast meeting. I don't have anything else on the books till 1:00, so I thought maybe I'd stop by and see my wife. Honestly, Decatur. Your charms work wonders on people. They're not gonna work on me, not today. What is it, Barbara? Isn't Lindsay a little old for childbearing? Barbara, I intended to tell you... You should have taken care of it. - Well, I'm trying. - Oh, please. Don't play ignorant. I won't. Not with you. Lindsay went to Beverly Peterson's son-in-law for an ultrasound. And as I hear it, you accompanied her to her appointment like a young man first expecting. It's my child, Barbara. What would you suggest I do? Pay her off. Send her away. Pay her... With your daddy's money, as you never stop reminding me? Everything you are, everything you've become is because of me, because I allowed you into this family. But you're not my family any longer. All this... It can be gone in the blink of an eye. And don't think I won't do it. Hold up. Step over there. Put your arms out. Go ahead. So, we have a few minutes if you want to go grab some coffee. Olivia. Hey. Direct contact is not a good idea, not when child services still has an open case against you, okay? Come on. First things first, we win the civil trial... And then we go after custody, all right? You're very close to your granddaughter, aren't you? Yes. I took an early retirement so I could raise her myself. Olivia is so much like her mother... curious, full of life. I just wish Jenna were here to see it. Mary, when was the last time you saw Jenna alive? The day she died. She was very upset. What was she upset about? Tariq was back in her life. He'd asked her to marry him, and Tariq's father had insulted her. Why? He didn't want the marriage because Jenna and Olivia weren't Muslim. In Ibrahim's eyes, that meant they were unclean. Jenna cried. She told me she was afraid to go to a foreign country where she knew no one. And I... I told her to break it off with him. And did she? Yeah, I think she meant to, that night when she went to the hotel. And that's why he killed her. Objection. Speculation. Sustained. No further questions. Did you ever see Jenna and Tariq argue? No, n-not really. Did he... Ever strike your daughter or physically harm her in any way? Not that I ever saw, but... And yet you are certain that he just suddenly lost his temper and committed murder? No one knows what he's capable of. He's a... He's a what, Mrs. Barnett? In this police report, your granddaughter Olivia also claims that she heard you and Jenna fighting on the day of the murder. And I quote... "Grandma fought with mommy. " I don't remember ever fighting with her in front of Olivia, but perhaps we did. I- I did not want her to marry into that family. So, by your own logic, since you fought with your daughter, could that also mean that you killed her? Objection. Argumentative. No. Of course not. Where were you the night Jenna was killed? I was at home. Alone? Yes, I... No more questions, Your Honor. Deputy chief, got a minute? Sure. What's up? Got this kid in interrogation. He ripped off a pharmacy, snuck right into the back with a heap of prescription painkillers. Okay. Why you telling me? 'Cause it's weird. The kid ain't a hophead. I mean, he's straight as a ruler, but I can't get him to talk. Throw him in lockup. Couple hours in there, he'll vomit all over himself. Yeah, well, here's the thing. He says he will talk, but only to one person. You. You've got a lot of nerve asking to speak to the deputy chief. My father always taught me, if you got a problem, go right to the top. You got a problem, all right. Theft, possession, intent to sell. My doc cut me off; I couldn't get a scrip for the pills. If I get popped for this, that's it, I'm toast. Bye-bye, trust fund. Oh, my heart weeps for you. Just hear me out. Joyce Reed, your opponent in the mayor's race, I'm one of her interns, work on her campaign. - I'm listening. - I hate her. She's a Bible-thumping psychopath, treats everyone like dirt. I got a deal for you. Let me off with a warning, and I'll confess. Those pills I stole, they weren't for me. They were for her. Aw, hell. What do you two want? How's your day going, Terry? Wasn't too bad till this very moment. We need a word. About the fact that you planted a video camera in our office. I don't know what you're talking about. We saw the footage. You looked straight into the camera. Even turned the damn thing away. Look, if this is about the fact that Lee Anne and I got amorous in your office, well, for that I apologize. Passion don't stop for location. I saw a camera, figured it was yours, maybe you got security. I didn't want you getting all hot and bothered watching my moves. You're disgusting. And you're pretty damn bold accusing me of something like that. You want to play Cagney & Lacey, you better come back at me with one thing: Hard evidence. Have a nice day. He's right. I could try to track the serial numbers on the equipment, see who purchased it. It's worth a try. Oh. I- I needed some good news, Holland. And here it is, all wrapped up in a bow. Joyce Reed, the mayoral candidate running on family values, used a boy toy intern to score herself some... painkillers? It's just so... "Untoward. " I'm sorry. Dec, I don't see the humor. What am I supposed to do with this information? What do you do? You're in a dead heat for mayor. You use it. No, I told you; I don't want to run a dirty campaign. Everyone stoops to that and says, "I had to. " Nobody has to do anything. Do you want to win? Or do you want this city to have a drug-addicted, sanctimonious socialite for mayor? Yes, I want to win. But... No. No "buts. " Think about it. What do you want, Toby? I'm busy. You got a special visitor; She's in the lobby. McCandless, the, uh, cat came back. I need some answers. About Arliss. Hey. Is this a bad time? Maybe I should have called. No, it's all right. Daddy, I found the sandpaper. It's a lady. Well, hello there. My name is Jamie. You must be... Julia and Marie. It's a pleasure to meet you. Come on in! We're having a tea party. You have to wear your mustache, daddy... All right, Roy. Double or nothing. All right, this is my... Last quarter, girls. Guess which one. Please, please, please. - Oh! - Aw! Aw! Yay! All right, now I'm tapped out. And you both need to get to washing your hands for dinner. I am seriously out, like, five bucks because of you. They do like you. I like them, too. So, you want to tell me why you're here? Do I have to have a reason? Well, when you look the way that you do right now, no, you don't. No fair flirting with me when there are children in the house. Damn kids. I came by to discuss a settlement in Tariq's case. He won't settle under any circumstances. Sorry to waste your time. Not at all. Seeing you with your girls is the best time I've spent in a while. I'll see you tomorrow, Roy. All right. I apologize for the wait, gentlemen. I got held up. Roy, you haven't had the chance to meet my mother. Mrs. Al Zahrani, it is a pleasure to meet you. Thank you for trying to help my son. It's been so difficult for our family... Zahra. Look, Tariq, I would like to put you on the stand this afternoon. Isn't it usually a bad thing for a murder defendant to take the stand? I'm not gonna lie to you, it... It's a risk. But... when you talk to me about Jenna, I see in your eyes how much you loved her. And I just... I... I want the jury to see it, too. Tariq, you were acquitted by a criminal court. You were free to return to Saudi Arabia at any time. In fact, you could have avoided this civil trial altogether. So why? Why did you choose to stay? So my daughter will know I'm innocent. People don't know what it's like to be Arab in this country. At airports I have to arrive hours before my flight in case I'm "randomly" selected for questioning. People here assume I'm guilty, and they know nothing about me. But I'm committed to staying because I love my child. Olivia no longer has a mother, but she will have a father. Tariq, on the day she died, Jenna asked you to meet her on the roof of the Hamilton-Reed Hotel. Yes, that's correct. Why there? Because that was where we used to meet. It was a sacred place for us. It's where we fell in love. According to her mother, Jenna was meeting you on the hotel roof to end your engagement. That doesn't sound very happy to me. We would've talked it through. We wanted to have a life together. We wanted to be a family for Olivia. It was just difficult. Both of our families were against it. Oh, I think you did talk. And I think that talk ended with you shoving her down a flight of stairs. No. When I found her in the stairwell, she was already dead. What did you do then? I... pulled her into my arms... Held her close. I couldn't let go. So is that how Jenna's blood ended up on your shirt? Yes. I went down to my room and I called the police. Were you wearing the bloody shirt when the police arrived? No. I changed my clothes while I waited for them. And you hid your shirt in the closet? I wasn't hiding it. It was soaked in Jenna's blood. I just wanted it off me. Did you tell Detective McCandless the shirt was in the closet? No. I didn't. Why not? I was in shock. Or... you knew it would make you look guilty. Roy. Not now, Jamie. You don't have a big burden of proof to meet, only 51%. I have to go back over everything and find that needle in the haystack, turn the odds back in my favor. How are you gonna do that? I'm gonna find the real killer. And that is the last of the footage from the night of the murder? Afraid so. Cops saw it all, too. Wait a minute. You can access the hotel via a private dock? Yep. It sure beats rush hour traffic. May I see that camera's footage from the night Jenna died? Wish I could, but... It wasn't installed until after the murder. We got a lot of bad publicity, so we beefed up on big brother. Well, does the hotel keep a log of which boats use your dock? Absolutely. The marina logs show that a yacht docked at the hotel an hour before Jenna's murder and departed 15 minutes after. And it was registered to Ibrahim Al Zahrani. Tariq's father? And there weren't any cameras on the dock then, so he could've walked in and out completely undetected. You think Ibrahim murdered Jenna? If he knew that she was on the roof waiting for Tariq, maybe he arrived early to scare her away and squash any chance at a reconciliation. Deputy chief. Deputy chief! Deputy chief! Deputy chief, would you care to comment on city councilwoman Joyce Reed's drug addiction? Excuse me? Where'd you get that information? An anonymous source called several media outlets to report that Mrs. Reed used a campaign intern to illegally procure prescription medications. That source was traced back to your campaign. Care to comment? No, he doesn't care to comment. - Come on. - Excuse me. Jamie. Your door was open. You are a sight for sore eyes. And stomach. And back. And legs. You were certainly put through the wringer. How are you? Bored. Too much TV. However, there was a very attractive yankee attorney on the news yesterday. I brought you some of the worst coffee I could find in Charleston. Sweet. You know I love bad coffee. I guess we haven't had much of a chance to talk. Your deposition in Lee Anne's case... It was originally scheduled for tomorrow. A lot of... difficult questions will need to be brought up about your job and your relationship with Lee Anne and about what happened the night the sex tape was made. - Jamie, I... - Your undercover status was told to me in confidence; I won't betray that. We should postpone. No. Sooner we do it, the better. I have nothing to hide. Did you ever socialize with Terry McCandless and Lee Anne Marcus outside of the precinct, Detective Cruz? Yes. Did you ever engage in a drinking game called Russian Roulette? What is this about, Jamie? It's my understanding that Russian Roulette is one of the ways that Terry McCandless and his buddies blew off steam after a shift. Correct? Yeah, you line up some shots. One of them is spiked with ecstasy or... some other pill. Everyone sits back and waits to see who got the bullet and who got the blanks. And did Lee Anne Marcus ever participate? A few times, yeah. Was one of those times the night you recorded Lee Anne Marcus having sex with Terry McCandless and other police officers? Objection. The video is no longer in evidence, okay? This line of questioning falls outside the scope of the current charges. The fact that officers socialized together, mixed alcohol and illicit drugs and made a sex tape, and my client was the only one who was fired, that speaks to the heart of wrongful termination. You need to ask your next question. Fine. Did you have sex with Lee Anne Marcus? Don't answer that. Again, outside the scope. It's fine. I'll answer the question. No. You won't. Why don't we just... take a break? Alana, you bought the spy camera I found in this office? You, of all people? I'm so sorry, mama. You best tell me why. It was him. He made me. I was scared. He caught me drinking at a party, said he could have me arrested because I was underage. Who caught you? Who said that? Detective McCandless. Terry sought you out? He knew you were my daughter? Oh, my God. - Did he hurt you? - No. He just... He made me buy the camera, told me where to put it. I'm gonna kill that son of a bitch. We're going down to the cops, and you're gonna tell them everything. They'll kick me out of school. Alana, we're gonna do what's right. And we need to move quickly. And that's that. McCandless! I need to see you now. I just got a visit from Violet Briggs. You know her? She told me a fascinating story, one that ends with you blackmailing her daughter to put a hidden camera in Jamie Sawyer's office. That's ridiculous. I believe every word. You've done nothing but dirty the name of this department, and that ends right now. I'm suspending you. You can't be serious. The chief said it himself, remember? I'm a... I'm a hero. I'm the best cop you got. I need your badge and your service weapon. You're making a mistake. Then it's the best mistake I ever made. Oh, you got me! Oh! You're it! You're it! Daddy's home! Daddy! Oh, my goodness. Mwah. Oh. Oh, wow, wow, wow. Mwah. Girls, why don't you come on up, help me bring down the cookies. Careful, girls. Grandpa's not as young as he thinks he is. One day you're gonna look up from that phone and realize your girls are all grown up. It's Knox. Tariq's father's alibi checks out. He was in a board meeting the night Jenna was murdered. Back to square one. You better crawl back to Jamie Sawyer, esquire, and beg her to settle. Tariq won't settle, not if it means losing Olivia. We have to sprinkle them on first. Let dad do this. He's really good. - Here we go. - Oh! We'll never get those out of their hair! - Daddy? - Yeah, baby. When mommy marries Nolan, will we have two grandmas? Uh, actually, you will have three. I know you don't see my mom very much, but she is still your grandma. Actually, will y'all excuse me? I need to make a phone call. There you go, sweetie. Thank you for coming in early. Are you sure about this? How can my wife make a difference in the trial? Hello, Mrs. Al Zahrani. I appreciate you joining us. Grandma! Zahra, this child knows you? Mother? Grandma, what's wrong? Everything is going to be fine, little Olivia. Come with me, Olivia. We need to talk. As God is my witness, I am willing to submit to a drug test to prove to the good people of Charleston that I am telling the truth. You leaked the story?! And I told you not to! You didn't say not to; You just said you wanted no part of it. If she's clean, people will say I made it up. I think that was her plan all along; She set me up. She sent that intern right to me. Well, this is a pickle, but it can be overcome. No, it can't. You're off the campaign, Dec. No, look, look. Holland, I know you're upset, but... let's not be hasty. I appreciate everything you've done for me, but I think it's time we part ways. Let me be clear. You turn your back on me, you turn your back on all my friends, too. I'll take my chances. I got suspended today. What? I guess everything finally... caught up with me. - I'm sorry, Terry. - No, I am. For everything, for this whole mess. I should've looked out for you. We took chances we never should've taken. We were stupid. I do know something about Arliss. Search team found something in the marshlands not far from where his truck ended up. Near a gator's nest. Mrs. Al Zahrani, do you have a relationship with Jenna Barnett's daughter, Olivia? Yes. The police report stated that Olivia overheard Jenna fighting with her grandmother. But that wasn't Mary Barnett, was it? In fact, she was referring to you when she said that, correct? Objection. What's the relevance of these questions? I find it relevant. Proceed. Mrs. Al Zahrani, I'd like to bring your attention to this log from the hotel marina... Defense exhibit number five, Your Honor... Which indicates that your husband's yacht was docked at the marina on the night of Jenna Barnett's murder. Were you there that night? Mrs. Al Zahrani, do you understand the question? Yes. We were there. Tariq convinced Jenna to take Olivia to Saudi Arabia. I waited until my husband left for his board meeting, and I slipped away. I needed to speak with Jenna. Were you against them going? Yes. But not because I disliked Jenna. I liked her very much. I couldn't tolerate the idea of Olivia being raised like I was, in a society that... thinks of women as property, as silent and weak. I am a devout Muslim. But imagine a young woman being forbidden to laugh. Or love. I wanted Olivia to be free. Could you please tell the court what happened that night? I had no intention of doing harm to her. I met her on the rooftop that night, and we argued. I grabbed her arm as she tried to leave, and as she pulled away, she lost her step and fell down the stairs. She was a beautiful young woman and a good mother. Why didn't you just... call the police? I was afraid. Of my husband, of the police. It's how I lived my entire life... In silence. I'm so sorry, Tariq. I'm so very, very sorry. Thank you. Mary, did you know that Mrs. Al Zahrani was seeing Olivia? I did. Jenna told me, but she made me swear not to say anything. She said Tariq's father would kill Zahra if he found out. Thank you so much. My pleasure. Hey. Come here, sweet girl. I want you to meet someone. Oh, that's for me? Mm-hmm. What a cute bunny. What's his name? This is Benny. Oh, yeah, a tiger? Preston? Jamie. Oh... sorry. I never gave you your key back. No worries. You help me put my shirt on? Thanks. I'm sorry. About the deposition. Hey, it's just me and you now. You ask me whatever you want. Did you have sex with Lee Anne? No. Was she drugged? No, I don't think so. We didn't play Russian Roulette that night. I can't believe you would even do that with them... with her. I was doing my job. I had to get in tight with Terry and his crew. I guess I need to get to know the real you again. Why? I mean, why even come around if you can't trust me? Because you came to me. You came to my door when you thought you might die, and that means something to me. And when Roy told me that you were shot, all I wanted was to be by your side. To hold you. Jamie... We're still here. By some miracle of fate, we're still standing. Can't that be enough? It's more than enough. I thought at least you'd have the good sense to stay at Lindsay's. I belong here. This is my home. This is my home, Decatur. Barbara... When we first met, I asked you what you liked most about me. And I'll never forget what you said: "Your potential. " We've been married for 32 years. And I feel I've met that potential. But there's one thing I haven't done, and that's surpass your high expectations. But I'm about to. I'm listening. Holland Knox's campaign is in deep trouble. There's a story breaking gonna cause him to falter in the polls. And when he does, a new candidate's gonna step up, take his place. How'd you like to be the next first lady of Charleston? Mayor Fortnum. I like the sound of that. Are you sure you want to do this? Before our wedding, Arliss collected old candles, then he melted the wax down and made new ones. For our wedding. He made the candlelight that lit our entire ceremony. Hundreds. You must miss him. He could always make something out of nothing. He made something out of me. I was lost, Jamie. Messing around, just... lost. And he found me and stayed. I tried to shake him off... Mouthed off to him, crazy stuff. But he just stood by me. 'Cause he believed I was worth it. He never gave up on me. So I'm not giving up on him. And we're live in three, two... All of our hearts go out to you, Lee Anne. We hope that you find your husband. Thank you. You had initially decided not to speak to the press. Ms. Marcus, why are you coming forward now? Because I want to talk about my husband. I want to talk about Arliss. My husband was a soldier. I never met anyone more brave. Not just because he fought for his country, but... The way he handled himself afterward, when he lost the use of his legs. There was never a day when he stopped fighting. I know, wherever he is now, he's still fighting. What do you think he's fighting for, Lee Anne? To come home. It's always been the two of us. Just me and Arliss. But now we need all of you. I hope y'all will pray with me for my husband's safe return. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 