Reckless: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reckless 
 s1e7 - Deep Waters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reckless (2014): Season 1, Episode 7 - Deep Waters - full transcript 
 When an affluent Charleston socialite goes missing after a boating accident, Jamie and Roy face off over the ensuing wrongful death suit brought against the city. Meanwhile, the tension between Jamie and Roy heats up when they share a dance at the Mayor's ball. Also, Lee Anne finds support from an unlikely ally, as her case is threatened when another woman brings similar charges of sexual harassment against the city. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Reckless: Let's go out to Sullivan's, get drunk and dive in the ocean. We have a hearing tomorrow, or did you forget? Sometimes I'd like to forget. Me, too. You remembered. We have rules. You embarrassed me. It won't happen again. The case has been thrown out. It's over. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Two dozen untraceable pistols. As far as I'm concerned, you've earned your bones. You running out on me, or was I supposed to come back here for a little quickie? I swear to God, if you show your face here again, I'll report you. Next time you touch my wife, I'll kill you. We can't. We can't? Lee Anne's case was reinstated. __ A search is underway for missing yachtsman and millionaire developer, Dean Lamoureux, whose 30-foot speed cruiser was found drifting in the harbor two nights ago 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 after what seems to be a collision with a city-owned buoy. Lamoureux's wife is not giving up hope that he may be found. My husband was a competitive swimmer in college, so I'm holding out hope the he made it to safety. Rescue crews will continue searching the harbor until they find some clues to the whereabouts of Dean Lamoureux. Mrs. Lamoureux, the press reports say that the boat crashed into the city-owned buoy outside the marina. Mmm. Dean always complained about that buoy, the way the lights would short out. It's very dangerous. You have to pass right on by it on the way to our dock. That's actually why I was hoping to speak with you, Constance. I'm filing a suit against the city. I actually filed two weeks ago. That buoy's caused three other boating accidents. It's 200 yards out from the marina, and fixing it requires closing the shipping lanes. Needless to say, the city is dragging its feet. If someone of your influence would come on board our suit, we'd have a shot at settling this thing before it ever gets to court. And the faster we get that buoy fixed, the sooner we can ensure that no one else suffers the way that you have. Good morning, counselor. Hi, Roy. Look, about last night, I... Don't. It's forgotten. Just a hot night and too many beers. Right. Did you see that story on Dean Lamoureux? Following it like a hawk. You should know, I have clients who want to sue the city over that buoy. It's not properly lit. If Dean Lamoureux turns up dead, I'll be able to bring a rock-solid case against the city. And you and I will find ourselves on opposite sides of the courtroom. Which seems to be exactly how you like it. So, have you been feeling a little Déjà vu? Another pretrial hearing for Marcus vs. the city? Not at all. This feels completely different. Really? Because this time, I know I'm going to win. Well, be careful what you wish for. We've got a new judge. Gertrude Moss makes Judge Garner look like a newborn kitten. Roy Rayder, you may have every jurist south of Charlotte wrapped around your finger, but I'm telling you right now, I'm not moved by your superficial charms. And you, I've heard of you, yankee Jane. No short dresses in my courtroom, no leaning on the bench, no dry-ink pen tricks and no last-minute theatrics, understand? I take this case very seriously. It holds in the balance the reputation of our law enforcement officers and the rehabilitation of a maligned young woman. I'm setting Lee Anne Marcus vs. the city of Charleston for trial. Jury selection will begin on the 15th of next month. Judge Moss, I respectfully ask for... Denied. One final order of business, another ex-employee of the police department, a woman named... Megan Hixon has just come forward with a very similar complaint against the city. Now, I will not waste the court's time trying two cases against the same defendant for the same charges. I'm ordering the cases joined. Your Honor, opposing counsel and I have spent months preparing for this trial. Another plaintiff is a complete game changer. We'll need more time to prepare. I respectfully request a continuance... Denied. Miss Sawyer, the law waits for no one. If you can't catch up to it with those heels on, perhaps you should wear flats. A new plaintiff? Megan Hixon. Do you know her? It sounds familiar. But is this good for us? It could be. Two plaintiffs means two verdicts and two sets of damages. Since Megan is alleging harassment, it helps us to establish a pattern of misconduct on the part of the police department. Essentially, she's playing the role of the corroborating witness we've been looking for. Maybe with another cop in the department verifying my story, we can win. Since when does the city attorney show up to a crime scene? I called him. Deputy chief. You missing the fieldwork? Feel free to strap on some waders. If that body turns out to be Dean Lamoureux, you can bet his wife's legal team will be all over the department. If it is Dean, the city may be liable, so I got to keep on top of it. Not used to this, huh? Not before breakfast. Detective McCandless, we found his wallet. It's your guy, all right. Dean Lamoureux. And the fisherman, he said that the body was found here? He didn't drag it in a net or something? Right in these shallows. Excuse me, gentlemen. Hmm. Now... If Mr. Lamoureux fell off a boat that crashed into that harbor buoy, there is no way that his body would end up here. It'd have to fight the current for over a mile. You thinking what I'm thinking? This was no accident. Mr. Lamoureux was murdered. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com Toxicology came back negative on Dean Lamoureux. He was clean. Okay, so he wasn't driving the boat drunk. Any internal injuries? Maybe to the sternum, like broken ribs? Something consistent with a boat crash? Because of the pronounced skin maceration and postmortem injuries due to aquatic activity... English, please. It's very difficult to ascertain the cause of death. As of right now, it's undetermined. Undetermined. Well, do me a favor, would you? - What's that? - Determine it. Tissue samples, the works. Dean Lamoureux didn't go quietly into the night. Hey, Preston, come here. What's up? Russ here tells me you two have been doing business together. He did, did he? Yeah. I told your jefe here how you put a down payment on a jet ski. I love working with Charleston's finest. Russ just offered to donate a whole fleet of watercraft to the harbor patrol. You know, I'll say that the city could certainly use a few more fine citizens like yourself, Mr. Waterman. Thank you, detective. By the way, I love the commercials. Do you? Say it. Come on, now. Say it. Do the commercial! "It's the water, man." Yeah, there it is! All right, it was good to see you. You're a natural, my friend. Why don't you come by the shop? Give you a good deal on an upgrade. Hmm? I'm always up for a good deal. I know you are. My clients are asking for affirmative relief in the form of the city taking action to inspect its buoy system and make all necessary repairs. We are also seeking compensatory damages totaling $112,000. Mrs. Lamoureux will not be seeking damages, as she doesn't want money to become an issue in her husband's untimely death. But I do want that buoy fixed. This is a... very reasonable offer. Which is why it is so difficult to reject it. You see, if the city accepts your settlement offer, it would be a public admission of guilt in the death of Mr. Lamoureux. But the city is responsible. Not if foul play was involved. You think someone murdered my husband? You do know about the investigation. I mean, the police have questioned you, correct? But I thought it was because of the accident. Can I see you in your office? You are torturing that poor woman just to save the city a buck? Jamie, and you are being seduced by her. Believe me, I know how seductive the South of Broad folks can be. But if someone killed Dean Lamoureux, he deserves justice. Are you denying that the buoy is a hazard? Jamie, I've lived here my entire life, and there is no way that a body ejected from a boat that crashed in the harbor would ever wash up in Folly Inlet. It's just against the laws of nature. Someone killed Dean, dropped his body in that river, drove the boat back, crashed it into that buoy to make it look like an accident. We were denied the warrant to search Dean Lamoureux's financials. We can't point to any concrete evidence that he was murdered. And Constance Lamoureux has friends in a lot of high places. So you think she had something to do with the warrant being denied? If it smells fishy, nine times out of ten, it is fishy. Dean did business all over the world. Hell, he even did business with the city on all those public work projects. He did do business with the city. Decatur... Spare a moment for your long-suffering wife? Of course, darling. Come on in. I wanted to show you my dress for the mayor's ball. Highlights my eyes, don't you think? It's lovely, dear. You sure that's all? I've just been informed that your mistress, Lindsay... will be providing the catering for the ball. Did you know about this? I can't stop her from working. I will not be embarrassed at this function. And you won't be. I love you, Barbara. Nadia will have dinner on the table at half past 7:00. Oh... You look so good in daddy's office. Even though he didn't want you to have it. I had to sweet-talk him. Constance was just served a subpoena. You're suing Dean's estate for fraud? The city of Charleston is suing his estate, yes. Dean's construction company overbilled the city for repairs on numerous public works projects. Overbilled by how much? Eight thousand dollars. I will be filing a motion to compel for all his financial documents pertaining to his estate. Over $8,000? That is a shameless, blatant legal maneuver. You're just trying to obtain the documents so you can bootstrap them in with the buoy case to support your unfounded murder theory. Or maybe I just like giving you a reason to storm over to my office. Produce the documents. Or does Mrs. Lamoureux have something to hide? Table for one? Oh, no. I won't be dining. I was hoping to have a word with you. Me? Do you know who I am? You're Joyce Reed. You're that councilwoman who low-balled me in the settlement offer, and now you're running for mayor. Actually, Ms. Marcus, I'm the one that fought to get you the $500,000. The rest of the council wanted to settle at $100,000. I've been following your case, and, um... to be perfectly honest, at first, I doubted your story. But after the fire-bombing, well... My heart just broke for you. I'd like to help. People don't just help people. Especially politicians. I won't lie. My motives aren't entirely pure. Yes, I want to help you, but if our relationship ends up helping me along the way, isn't that what friendships are for? I have to get back to work. Mmm... The offer stands. I'm not the enemy. The police department is. Am I seeing this right? About eight months ago, Dean formed a new LLC, and he's been funneling money into it... Nearly a quarter of a million dollars. And it has you, Ms. Hamilton, as its only signee. So? I'm the CFO of Lamoureux Industries. Which makes it very easy for you to steal from him. I wasn't stealing from him. I have to go. My husband is meeting me for lunch. Ms. Hamilton, if you're hiding something, we are going to find it. I can't talk about this right now. You could tell us now, or my buddy here can get it out of you when you're under oath on the witness stand. My boss didn't give me that money. My lover did. You and Dean Lamoureux were... For how long? For years. My husband hasn't worked in a while. We had some bad investments in the crash and we went into debt. Dean was just giving me the money to make up for what we'd lost. Honey. You're here. You said this wouldn't take long. We're late. Detective McCandless, Mr. Rayder, this is my husband, Wayne. Let's go. Jovial fella. So what do you think? I think we have a new suspect. Now that our cases are joined, Ms. Hixon, tell us your story. Terry was... very manipulative, charming. The way... the way he looked at me, the way he called me "darlin" and told me I was "the one" but I never had sex with him. I resisted, and a month later, I was fired. What about you, Lee Anne? Were you ever propositioned by Terry McCandless? We have to know all the facts. There are stories around the police department that there is a tape depicting group sex between you and other officers. There is a tape. I will be arguing to have it dismissed. I would hope so. Megan, we have to go. We need to get you to your next appointment. Thank you. You have a problem, Mr. Davidson? Ms. Sawyer, my client is a pillar of the community. She runs a shelter for battered women. It will not help our case to have her tied to a woman who engaged in group sex with police officers. We'll be in touch. Ignore him. They don't know anything about you or what happened to you. He's just making the same kind of judgments the jury and everyone else will make. Megan... looks like a Saint. She's perfect. Almost too perfect. If this woman is more credible on the witness stand, more... sympathetic, it could weaken our case and lessen your potential damages. Find out what you can about her. Already have some ideas. Preston! Hey. Vi, what are you doing here? I actually came to see you. Now, I know Jamie would never ask for herself, but we need your help. Absolutely. Anything I can do. Even if it's about the lawsuit? What do you want? A new plaintiff has piggybacked onto Lee Anne's case. Megan Hixon? Megan? You know her? No. Not really. Um... She left shortly after I got here, but everybody talked about her. Because of how she filled out her uniform? No, Vi, because she was the most incompetent officer in training. All the trainees were scared as hell to partner up with her. Luckily, she got fired before she put anybody in danger in the field. If you could look at her file... Performance reviews, complaints... Anything could help. I'll-I'll do whatever I can for Jamie. You tell her that. Mm-hmm. It's good seeing you, Vi. My newest shipment, gentlemen! Just arrived this morning. What the hell was that yesterday at the station? I just thought your boss should know... Well, that I'm a friend of the department. Yeah, go ahead. Ooh! Untraceable mini AKs from mother Russia. Krinkovs. I've seen 'em on the Internet, but not on the streets. Not yet, at least. And there's a lot more of this coming. This is just a little trial run to make sure the merchandise is up to snuff. As soon as I say da, there's a shipment on its way to the U.S. of A. 200 crates, ten russki widow makers in each, $7,500 bucks a pop. - Hmm. - Mmhmm. Do the math. In fact, don't do the math, 'cause you're gonna hurt yourself. $15 million. Now, I need a safe place to conduct my business away from the prying eyes of the Charleston PD. I need you to find me that place. What's our cut? 15 percent. No way. Knox controls the patrol routes, and the only access is on his computer. - Mmm. - It's risky as hell. No less than... 30%. Oof... Twenty-five. Deal. I am so happy you called, Lee Anne. Hi, Ms. Reed. Wow. Would you like something to drink? How about some sweet tea? I used to walk down this street as a kid. I always wondered what life was like behind these walls. Well, I hope it doesn't disappoint. No, ma'am. I thought about your offer, and I was hoping you could help me with something. Mmm. Yes, I've seen it. They're making Megan out to be the mother Teresa of harassment lawsuits. Jury selection starts soon and... All those maybe-jurors are gonna be reading this and thinking that... She's a Saint and I'm a sinner. Well... I don't know. I think... I need to get my face out there. I need people to know the real me. Dear, I think that's a wonderful idea. Why don't we start tonight? You can accompany me to the mayor's ball. - A ball? I don't... - yeah. Oh, no, no, don't worry. I can lend you something to wear. We're probably about the same size. Well, what about my husband, Arliss? Oh, he can come, too. In fact, I wanted to mention... My carriage house has been empty the last three years. Anyway, it's all one level for easy access. Do you and Arliss want to stay there until you get back on your feet? Why are you being so nice to me? When I was 25 and I had just graduated from law school, I was up to my eye makeup in debt, and this man offered me a job at his firm if I did some unsavory things with him. I got the job. I've been in your shoes. I just didn't have someone to help me find new ones. Come on. Well, hello there, hon. I'm calling from the HR department of Sawyer and Associates. We're looking to hire a new office manager, and I see that you're listed as a previous employer for one of our candidates, Megan Hixon. Was wondering if I could get a reference. Mm-hmm. Really? And what year was she under your employ? Should I be worried about you? Worried? Why would you be worried? Russ Waterman was standing in the middle of my precinct. Donation to the harbor patrol? Really? Yeah, well, that was unexpected. Well, I don't like "unexpected". Makes me think you don't have the situation under control. Don't worry. Everything is going as planned. Got a huge deal going down. It's exactly what you told me it would be. You're absolutely certain no one knows you're undercover, working for me? I'm sure. Detective, thought you'd want to know. The autopsy report on Dean Lamoureux has been completed. What'd you find? A concentrated blue stain settled in both his lung and stomach tissue. He also had blue froth in his airways. I had samples of the dye sent out to the lab. Go ahead and get the results, but I'll tell you what it is. You ever been to the commode on a boat, Dereck? The toilets have bright blue water in them. It's a disinfectant used to keep the crapper from smelling up your fancy ship. You can amend your report, doc. Drowning by force. That's murder. I guess they let just anyone in here. Moonlight. Private security. You? Nothing, just brushing up on my waltz. - Hello. - No need to feign ignorance, Lindsay. I have avoided this moment for years, well, frankly because I found no reason to acknowledge you. I really should get back to work. Does my husband know you're pregnant? No. Then allow me to clear up any confusion. Decatur has a wonderful daughter, and he has no desire to be a father again. If you knew so much about what he wanted, he wouldn't be with me. And the only reason he's "with you" is because I allow him to be. But now that's gonna end. Whatever this is between the two of you, it's over. What Dec and I have is called a relationship. What do you two have? I didn't know you were coming. Joyce Reed invited us. Since when do you know her? She's a new friend. Lee Anne, Joyce is the city that we're fighting. - I know. - The last thing you need right now is to get in bed with the enemy. Megan's all over the papers. I need a few headlines in my favor before that jury is selected. A public friendship with someone like Joyce... A religious woman, conservative. It's good for me. If I'm seen with her, if she is vouching for me, then Megan and I are on an equal playing field. There are other ways. I'm tired of my fate being in other people's hands, Jamie. - I know what I'm doing. - Okay. Excuse me. Mrs. Lamoureux, hello. Look, I'd just like you to know that what I'm doing, what I'm doing for the city... No apologies necessary, Mr. Rayder. You don't give up. I like that. It was tenacity that made my husband so successful. More importantly, your theory of my husband's death, it got me thinking. This morning, the police brought by all of Dean's personal effects from the boat, and there was something there that didn't belong to him. It was a cuff link with a black pearl in the center. Just one? And are you sure that it wasn't his? Darling, the pearl was fake. It was not his. Do you think it may help? Most definitely. Thank you, Mrs. Lamoureux. Holly. This is a nice turnout. Look, do you have a sec for some police business? Sure. What is it? Well, Constance Lamoureux just gave me a piece of evidence that could put someone else on Dean's boat the night of the crash. There you are, Arliss. We have been looking all over for you. Oh, yeah? I thought you would have run out of photo ops by now. I'm sorry. Whatever are you talking about? Well, I'm not a prop, Ms. Reed. I'm not a symbol, so... You can stop trotting me around like you somehow know me or even give a damn. What's going on? Well, why don't you ask your new best friend here? Well, if I somehow put forth the impression that I was being disingenuous, I certainly do apologize. No, of course you're not. Arliss. Look, the mayor's ball, we had an arrangement, Lee Anne, but, uh, when I offered my home to you, it was out of concern. For both of you. I am a politician, yes. But I'm also a human being. Something you're not telling me? Joyce offered to let us stay in her carriage house. Okay? And, of course, you said no. I see. Where is this coming from? You promised you were done with that. Well, I guess promises are like marriage vows, right? They are made to be broken. - Are you okay? - I'm fine. Can I stay at your place tonight? Of course. I'll come with you. No, please. Stay. I just want to be alone. You sure? Bye. I didn't know you were coming. You know you do not have to file a lawsuit every time you want to see me. Shall we? I'm surprised that you can let me lead. You can lead me anywhere you want. You know, I thought that we were opposing counsel. We're just dancing. Are we? So, it wasn't just too many beers? Oh, no, I think we both know that it wasn't. No one would ever know. No one would ever know that we were together. I... I can't. You mean you won't. What are you so afraid of? This is... It's too much for me right now. - I'm sorry. - No, Jamie... Jamie. You recognize this, Wayne? It's your intake form from Carolina Shores Hospital that details how you showed up at their E.R. With impact injuries on your chest and abdomen, consistent with a boat crash. And this blue stain was transferred from your hands. It's a disinfectant found in the plumbing system on Dean's boat. He had the same dye in his lungs. You, Wayne... You drowned Dean Lamoureux in the toilet, and then tossed him overboard. Look, I understand why you did it. It's women. They twist up our brains. It's... get us all into them. And it's like some dark spell you can't shake off. And Rosa, that hot little wife you got there? I bet when you found out that Dean had his paws all over her, lost it, huh? Not doing it for you? Try this. It's a cuff link we found on Dean's boat. And this is its long-lost brother, which we found this morning when we searched your house. Those aren't mine. You were on that boat, Wayne. Admit it. If you talk, I might be able to get you a deal. All right, look. None of it was my idea. It was hers. Hers who? Rosa? No, no. Constance. Wait, hold up. Constance Lamoureux? Dean's wife? Yeah. She came to me. She told me her husband and my wife were having an affair. Then she promised to give me half her inheritance money if I killed him. So you did it. And then you toss his body in Folly River and crash the boat on the way back to the marina. That was her idea, too. She knew about the problems with the buoy. Knew it would look like an accident. Do you have any evidence of this so-called plan? Any phone calls, texts? - E-mails? - No, she said, uh, she was a-afraid our spouses would catch on. Where did you meet up with her? Any place that might have a camera? No, she always wanted to meet at Waterfront Park. And what about the payment she promised you? Did she give you the money? Not yet. She said she wanted to wait till... Man, she set me up. She planted these cuff links. She put one on the boat, and I don't know how she got the other one in my house. You can't prove a damn thing, can you? This is your captain speaking. We've reached maximum altitude of 33,000 feet and are on schedule to land in Paris in seven and a half hours. Lindsay. What are you doing here? Everything okay? I needed to talk to you. You-you can't just come to the office in the middle of the day. I know. I know the rules, Dec. But they're all about to change. We're having a baby. Your honor, before we move forward in joining Megan Hixon to my client's case versus the city... You've already made your objection to the joinder very clear, Miss Sawyer, so if you're trying to pull one of your courtroom tricks... No tricks. I promise it will be worth your time. May I call Miss Hixon to the stand? Very well. Miss Hixon, where were you employed before you took a job at the Charleston police department? At Trenton-Mills grocery store in north Charleston. And is it true that you sued the store after going out on disability? I slipped on a puddle of water, and I suffered a slipped disc. That suit was thrown out of court due to a lack of evidence. No water was ever seen on the floor. And no doctor could ever prove that you even hurt your back. Objection. - Argumentative. - Overruled. Miss Sawyer, your point, please. I'd like to submit exhibits one through three into evidence. Where did you live before South Carolina, Miss Hixon? I don't see how that's relevant. It was Tennessee, where you held two other jobs as a shipping clerk and a barista. And didn't you file suits against each of those companies as well? Those were unsafe work environments. I... After those claims were also dismissed without merit, the sixth circuit court in Tennessee deemed you to be a vexatious litigant. A fancy term for someone who files frivolous lawsuits. Y-your Honor? I need a moment to speak with my client. You may step down. Are you gonna sit up there and continue to perjure yourself and make an ass out of both of us, or you want me to go ahead and pull the plug right now? I suggest the latter. No need for further questioning. Miss Hixon hereby withdraws her complaint against the city. Miss Hixon, this courtroom is not a gambling floor where you can hedge your bets in hopes of winning. If I get wind of any future court actions on your part, you will be hearing from the authorities. My client may not be perfect, but at least she's honest. - Can I stay at your place tonight? - Of course. Terry? I saw you were upset. I thought you might need someone. I just need some peace. You know what's ironic, Terry? I miss being a police officer and hanging out with all you guys and feeling like I mattered. You matter. I actually fell in love with you. And it was like a drug, you know? Like the best drug in the world. I wanted you, Terry. I did everything you wanted me to do. You said you loved me, I believed it. 'Cause it's true. I... I know you said the same things to those other women. Like... like Megan Hixon? What? There is no other woman. There never will be. Don't. Don't touch me! Tell me you regret meeting me. That you wish we never happened. Tell me you don't lie awake thinking about me touching you. No one would ever have to know. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 