Reckless: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reckless 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reckless (2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 When defense attorney Jamie Sawyer is hired by disgraced cop Lee Anne Marcus in the wake of a sex scandal involving the local police department, she finds herself facing off against Roy Rayder, the newly appointed City Attorney. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (indistinct conversations) Oh, it is on tonight, baby. Woman (Giggling): I need a drink after this one. You're going the wrong way, sugar. (Siren whoops) Damn it. Officer (On bullhorn): Exit the bridge. Pull over to the right. (Indistinct radio transmission) License and registration. You know how fast you were driving? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Officer, please don't give me a ticket. I told my husband I was working late, and... kind of wasn't. You been drinking, ma'am? If you could just let me go this one time. I'd do anything. Out of the car. Put your hands up on the fence. Spread your legs. Wider. What? What are you doing? No! (Panting) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I like the cuffs, Terry. It's a nice addition. Shh. (Heavy breathing) Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com (Indistinct chatter) Man: ...Scheduled for next week. Woman: Next week? Well, that's not so bad. (Laughter, indistinct chatter) Woman 2: Baby Jesus, it's hot out here. Man 2: Hot enough to fry an egg on the sidewalk. (Indistinct conversations continue) (Chatter fades) Come on, Bennett. I brought donuts. Counselor. You look lovely, as usual. Save the gentleman shtick for the press, Roy. Or the waitresses at Hooters or whoever it works on. Don't be dissing Hooters. You might be working there some day. (Siren wailing, indistinct chatter) Terry: Hey. Go on, now, come on. Left the car at dispatch. Thanks. Preston. Hey, partner. Terry. (Indistinct chatter) (Indistinct radio transmission) Check your e-mail. Roy: Prosecution calls detective Terry McCandless. Please... Take us through the facts of the case if you would, detective. Carrie Baker was working late in her studio on February 6. Computer records show that someone entered her building with a security card key at 1:23 A.M. Now, the card key used was the victim's own. And there was no sign of forced entry. Her business partner found her body when she came to work the next morning. Carrie was stabbed in the back of her neck with one of her own tools; It's called a... a bezel. Was anything missing from the studio? $80,000 worth of precious gems, gold and jewelry. And you found one of these pieces of stolen jewelry on the defendant, Deshaun Linares, when you went to his home to question him. - Is that correct? - Terry: Yes, sir. Mr. Linares was the handyman at the building. - And we also found his finger... - Juror: You got an extra pen? - ...h-his fingerprints in the victim's studio. - Man: Uh-uh. - Man 2: No. - Woman: Mine's not working. Could we get the jury some pencils, please? Woman: Records show that Deshaun repaired a leak in the studio's kitchen that week. Perhaps that's how the fingerprints got there. It's also how he could have stolen her card key. But... he has his own card key, doesn't he? He works there. Is there any fiber or DNA evidence linking Deshaun to the crime scene? No. But you arrested him because you found a ring in his pocket. Did he tell you that Carrie Baker made him this ring personally, for him to give to his girlfriend? Terry: Right, she just gave the handyman a ring that goes for five grand. (Quietly scoffs) - Man (Quietly): I doubt it. - Man 2: He's right. Tiny ring. Must be... Size five. Brenda, would you try this on? Objection. Relevance. I find it relevant. Overruled. You may proceed, miss Sawyer. (Jurors murmuring) Woman (Hushed): Deshaun, oh, that's really nice. Woman 2: Look at that. Woman 3: Oh, my. Man: How about that? Woman: I'll take one. Need quarters? Thanks. So, what's with the ring, Jamie? You trying out for the home shopping network? I'll tell you a little secret they don't teach you at Wake Forest. - Ooh. - A jury remembers what they see, not what they hear. But the ring fits, like it was made for her. Just like Deshaun said it was. But who cares if the ring fits? It has nothing to do with the facts of the murder. What facts? All of your evidence is circumstantial. State does not have a case, and I know you agree 'cause you've been phoning it in the whole trial. How would you know that? I watch you, I know. Well, you know, I watch you, too, Jamie. And you know what I see? I see a Yankee lawyer in expensive shoes who doesn't know how to work a Southern jury or a Southern DA. Assistant DA. You see, that is exactly what I'm talking about. Believe me, Roy, under the right circumstances, I would know exactly how to work you. Be home soon, all right? I miss daddy. (Sighs) Are we gonna win this thing, Ms. Sawyer? 'Cause I can't stand to think of my baby girl growing up without me. We're gonna win. (Sighs) (Indistinct conversations) (No voice) Hi, Roy. That's what they meant. (Men chuckling) These mothers sweet. - Oh, yeah. - Mmm. (Phone ringing) Woman: Anderson, Fortnum and Dobbs. - Please hold. - Oh. There he is! Where you been, Roy? Well, I don't know if you remember, Dec, but your daughter is divorcing me. My daughter is a fool. Sit on down. Well, you know Tom, from the mayor's office. - Roy. - And this is Davis peel, director of the South Carolina Democratic party. Heard a lot about you, Roy. You hungry? - I already ate. - Tom: Roy, you probably know that the mayor has finally decided to retire. Davis: I think it's safe to say that the next mayor won't be a democrat. (Men laughing) We're advising him to make as many appointments as he can. Dec: What they're trying to say is he wants you, Roy. He wants to appoint you city attorney. (Laughs) Me? It's a big prize. I mean, I'm in the DA's office. Now, how can I represent the city when I don't even have a firm? Come work here. For us. We pick up a great lawyer, and Charleston gets a perfect city attorney. Dec, is this because of my father? Your father was the best city attorney Charleston ever had. You know, what I remember about my dad being city attorney was that... We never had enough money to pay the bills. And I would... I would consider it if you'd make me a full partner at the firm. That's what I meant, son. (Laughs) (Chuckling) (Phone rings) Woman: Charleston PD evidence room. Please hold. I need to see the gun from 486. (Sighs) It might take a minute. Hey. Can't a guy get a smile? Is that part of my job description? You smile for McCandless, don't you, kitten? Meow. Jamie: Brenda, I saw you with Detective McCandless. Is he bothering you? Wasn't bothering me. (Train whistle blowing in distance) (Birds chirping) I grew up on a street like this. South side of Chicago. My mother was high or drunk most of the time. I know what it's like... To avoid attention, especially from cops. I know how they can make life bad for you. He's been coming around here. Calling. I told him I don't want nothin' to do with him. He says that if I go with him... And do the things that he wants me to do... He'll help Deshaun. (Sniffles) And then he started threatening me. Threatening my baby. Shauny, come here, honey. - We have to lodge a complaint. - No. No way. You're a good lawyer. I got faith in you. But I ain't got no faith in me takin' on the Charleston PD. ♪ Jamie: It's a great store. It's a shame it won't be around. I know. I tried to keep it going, but... (Sighs) I can't do it without her. I don't even want to. (Door opens) Helen... I know this is hard for you, but Deshaun is not the killer. He didn't steal anything. That's what I keep telling her. This is Kenny. He's my boyfriend. How well do you know Deshaun? Pretty well. (Groans) - He's a good kid. - (Sighs) I don't know what to believe. Look, I think the detective on this case took the easy way out. He fingered Deshaun and didn't look any further. I'm gonna reexamine everything-- his evidence, and his reports. Let's find out who did this. (Indistinct chatter) (Phone rings) You gonna forward that one to your buddies, too? - I didn't forward nothin'. - You think I don't see the way some of the guys around here are looking at me? - Lee Anne, shh. - I am done, Terry. I am done. - I should've ended it a long time ago. - It's over when I say it's over. Now, I can forward those pictures right up to the deputy chief, but that wouldn't be too good for your career, now, would it? You'd go right down with me. Woman: Officer Marcus, this attorney wants to get into the evidence room. - Uh, this way, please. - Thank you. So, this is everything? All the evidence from the case? Everything from the jewelry store is right here. Was there anything else you were looking for? Well, where's this ring? This one, she's wearing in the picture? (Sighs) Let me see. It's not here. Maybe the body was released to the family with the ring still on it. So, she was buried with it? It's a pretty nice ring. Maybe an officer stole it. There's a few dirtbags on the force. Generally it's a good department, but... Do you know the detective on this case? Terry McCandless? Sure, I know him. Is he one of the dirtbags? He's the king dirtbag. Girl (Over phone): Hi, daddy. I made goalie. There were six girls trying out, and they only picked two. And I got it! Girl 2: Daddy, Julia took my scrapbook. Julia: I didn't take it. She lost it. - Yes you did! - No I didn't. Girl 2: I want to come home. Julia: We are home. Sorry, daddy. Girl 2: Bye, daddy! We love you. Julia: We love you, daddy. - Call us back. - Call us back! (Grunts) (Cell phone ringing) Hello? It's Jamie Sawyer. Oh, geez. I need to talk to you. Oh, Jamie, it's late. It'll only take a minute. I'm standing at your door. What? Can I come in? Hell no. Why? You having a date? You know, I'm gonna kill whoever told you where I live. Real estate transactions are public record. All right, well, you got three minutes. Although I don't know why you'd want to buy a dump like this. A deepwater dock, so I can have a real boat. Now you have two and a half minutes. McCandless is harassing my client's girlfriend. Offering to change his testimony in return for sex. Your mayor wants to appoint me city attorney. Wow. That's great, Roy. That's really good for you. Being ADA sucks. Especially with you around all the time. Perfect. So you can just drop the case against Deshaun, and get on with your next gig. Jamie, I'm not dropping the case. I mean, Carrie Baker was murdered. Not by Deshaun. That detective's credibility is totally impeached. Then maybe Brenda cooked up the harassment thing to help Deshaun get a mistrial down the road. I saw them together. Maybe she wanted you to see them. You drive me crazy. The feeling is mutual. How come I never see you sweat? I'm sweating right now. In little private places you can't see. (Laughs) Don't you wish we could just... have a beer together? Like two regular people? When this case is finished, I am coming right over there with a six-pack. And you better not like that European beer, 'cause I ain't bringing that. (Laughs) I'll see you in court, Roy. (Indistinct radio transmission) Hey. Did you talk to that woman lawyer? I helped her in the evidence room. Don't tell her nothing about me or about us. You understand? I'll tell her whatever I want. Don't fight me, Lee Anne, or next time I cuff you, you'll wish it was a game. Hey! Hey, counselor. Hey, detective. Well, this isn't our regular night. I know, I just needed to talk to someone without a Southern accent. (Laughs) Well, you called the right guy. You look... good. (Chuckles) So do you. You got a guy in your department named McCandless? That why you called me? To work me for the 411? No. (Sighs) You got any? (Laughs) You're something else. (Laughs) Yeah, Terry McCandless. Real good ol' boy. Knox loves his ex-marines, but he, uh, promoted this kid too fast. He's already messed up two cases 'cause he's just... Arrogant. Look, Jamie, I don't want to be your inside man in the department. I'd rather just be your booty call than that. You're not my booty call. Really? - (Laughs) Really? I'm not? (Laughs) You know what I mean. You're more than that. I know what you mean. Got your coffee and a biscuit. You in court today? No. One of the jurors in Deshaun's case got a personal day. You find out where Carrie Baker's buried? She wasn't buried. She was cremated. Where are the ashes? In the columbarium at Cypress Grove. What the hell's a columbarium? Oh, I love it when I know something you don't know. It's one of those buildings with all the drawers in the walls where they keep people's ashes. I'm gonna need a court order for those ashes. I want to find that ring. I can get you an order. But it might not be from the court. I didn't hear that. (Indistinct chatter) You wanted to see me, Deputy Knox? Close the door. Lee Anne, you're a good officer, and I am more than happy to write glowing recommendations to any department you ever apply to. But I think it's time for you to move on. Why? You know why. (Sighs) Please, sir, I... I can't get fired. Well, you should have thought of that before you started sending photos of yourself to fellow officers on department e-mail. What about Terry? Does he get fired? McCandless has been reprimanded. But you are a bad influence in this department. Me? He is just as... I'm giving you an opportunity to walk away with a clean record. I'll need your badge. And your gun. You're gonna regret this. Thank you. Sorry, Carrie. Vi: Topaz and diamonds melt? Jamie: No, the gems were fake. So, let's say Carrie is making and selling jewelry with fake gems. Then she sells the real gems. It gives her double the money, double the profit. But why does she even go through the motions of buying the jewels in the first place? To keep it a secret... from Helen. I think I'll talk to Helen again. Miss Sawyer? I think I need an attorney. Who would have thought your soon to be ex-father-in-law would become your best buddy? - (Laughter) - Right? Yeah, city attorney. You remember when your dad thought you were such a screw-up, he refused to pay for law school? Uh, guess he thought wrong. (Sighs) I like the new place. Thank you. So, uh, how are Susie and the kids? They're great. Boys always ask after Julia and Marie. When are they coming for a visit? Well... Supposed to see them every other weekend, but... I hate this for you, Roy. I mean, I'm fine. I just... miss my girls. Yeah. Listen, when you're city attorney, there's something coming down the pike you might need to deal with. I had to fire an officer, a female officer, and she's complaining to the equal employment commission. Mm. She have a case? Nope. I mean, this woman was not harassed. Anything that happened was purely consensual. We have e-mails, texts sent on department cell phones... All right, well, I'm gonna need to see all that, so just forward it to me, all right? Well, you don't want me to do that. How many are there? (Sighs) (Sighs) (Sighs) (Bells jingling) I came to see Helen. She's not here. Uh, everything all right? Yeah, I just have a few questions. Are these your paintings? (Sighs) Yes. I'm taking over the studio. Oh. Nice. Do you mind if I look? Oh, please. I'll get you a catalogue. It's Carrie if you're wondering. She modeled for you? Yes. Does Helen know about this painting? I don't want her to know. I messed up. I hooked up with Carrie. It was nothing. Did the police ever question you? (Laughs) I mean, what's your next question-- what's my alibi? I was with my buddies down at the ice house till 2:00 A.M. or so. You can ask them. - Oh, I will. (Sighs) (Door opens, bells jingle) The judge gave us a recess, but we have to work fast. Check out Kenny and his alibi and get on the road today. How much road are we talking about? We have to find out if Kenny's involved in the whole jewel scheme with Carrie. I want you to hit every gold and gem shop in the county if you have to. Show 'em a picture of Carrie. Kenny, too. Find out if either of them were fencing any jewels. It might have gotten her killed. You stole this? I borrowed it. You would have made a good criminal. I'm saving my gas receipts. Jamie, you have a minute? Sure. Are you taking on the case of Lee Anne Marcus versus the - Charleston police department? - How do you know about that? Well, I know a lot of people. Look, I'd like you to come by my place tonight. I got something to show you. Shall we say 9:00? ♪ You seen these folks around here? Uh-uh. Still ain't seen 'em? Mm. ♪ (Footsteps approaching) Ooh! It's four-alarm hot out there. You seen this gal around here in the last year or two selling gems? No, I ain't seen her. How about this fella? Look-look, we ain't supposed to talk about our customers. Oh, I understand, honey. But just so you know... I'm running out of these. I ain't seen him... But I seen her. Every other Friday. One of our best customers. (Crickets chirping) You're gonna let me in this time? To the left. What's all this about? Just watch. Okay. Oh. Where did you get this? Deputy chief. Oh, and right there. Or a bump. Let me rewind there. There's like a... A cut or something. Right there. You see that? I mean, it's probably missing footage, or, you know, something they're trying to hide. So, what do you think? I think we need that beer now. (Insects trilling) Do you think they sit around watching that video? I mean, someone was shooting it. Then, maybe that's the person who's getting off on it. (Bottle cap clinking on ground) (Waves lapping) Did you? Did I what? Get off on it? Oh, did you? I asked you first. All right, well, if I answer this question totally honestly... ...will you answer one from me totally honestly? Deal. All right, well, the video is... It's all right, but... Sitting there watching, next to you was, um... Yeah. - (Laughs) - (Laughs) (Chuckles) Why did your wife divorce you? Well, Nina likes money. And he's rich. Like... private-jet rich. So here's my question. You got a boyfriend? Why do you care? You know, the gentleman thing with me... It's not an act. Hmm. I do. have a boyfriend. He's a homicide detective. Maybe you know him. Preston Cruz. Sure, I know him. Well... ...he is a lucky guy. Better get going. Yeah. (Chuckles) (Siren wails) (Tires screech) (Indistinct radio transmission) Evening, ma'am. Would you mind stepping out of the car for us? I wasn't speeding. Step out of the car, please. What's this about? Well, you were driving a little erratically back there. Uh, no, I wasn't. You know I wasn't. - What do we have here? - Four cops for a speeding ticket? What, do you call out the SWAT team if I run a red light? Hey. Hey! You don't have a warrant! Is there something in here we need a warrant for? No. Well, lookie here. Oh, my... this is ridiculous. Well, at least you don't have to call a lawyer. Get her in the car. - This is a setup. - Ma'am, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, one will be provided for you... (Door clangs open) Woman: Jamie Sawyer? (Indistinct chatter) (Coughs) Hey. Babe, I'm sorry this took so long, you know? I know. I'm just happy to see you. Thank you. Let's go. You want to come to my house? I got to go home. I got to be in court in an hour. Terry: Hey, brother, you got something for me to sign? Man: Yeah, right here, Terry. Terry: Thanks. (Door shuts) Have you ever seen this ring, Ms. Barnes? Of course. My partner made it. Restate for the record this is the ring Detective McCandless found in my client's pocket, a ring he said the victim made for his girlfriend. Can you identify the precious gems in this ring? Those are sapphires and that's a diamond. Thank you. Now, what happens to precious gems when they are exposed to fire? Nothing. So... What will happen to this ring in the fire? Will it be harmed? I'm... not an expert. I'm just a businesswoman. (Chuckles) (Gallery murmuring) Diamonds don't burn. Or melt. The effect the fire had on this ring is proof that the so-called gems in the setting are fakes, nothing but paste. (Gallery murmuring) Did you know the jewels were fake? - Of course not. - Really? Because I have an affidavit from a gentleman in Greenville who says you've been coming in every other Friday for a year to sell him loose gems. Objection, your honor. - Overruled. - Did Carrie find out you were switching her gems? Is that why you went to the studio that night? - Roy: Objection! - Judge: Sustained. - Ms. Sawyer... - Or is it because you found out she was sleeping with your boyfriend? Ms. Sawyer! Order! (Gavel bangs) Ms. Sawyer, Mr. Rayder, please approach. Ms. Barnes, you may step down. Now, I don't know how they run their courtrooms up in Chicago or New York, but down here, we don't allow our attorneys to play Perry Mason. Who's Perry Mason? All right, look, what have you actually got on this witness? I've got phone bills and shipping receipts signed by Helen to a company in Mexico who manufactures counterfeit gems. And I've got two jewelers who will testify in return for immunity that they took the real diamonds out of Carrie's pieces and replaced them with fakes. Hmm. Roy... Kind of looks like she's got you bent over a stump with your pants down, son. (Chuckles) What do you want to do? In light of the new evidence, the state of South Carolina will drop its case against Deshaun Linares. I want him released immediately. We can make that happen. (Gallery murmuring) (Family sighs) Roy: Well done, counselor. Must feel good. Mm. I didn't get much sleep last night. It is hard to sleep in jail. Your coke possession charge came into the DA's office this morning. Completely fabricated. I got a firsthand account of how Charleston PD does business. - Are you okay? - I'm fine. News just travels a little too fast for me around here. Well, it's a big place, but a small town. (Indistinct radio transmission) So, can I give you a ride? Uh, no, I have one. Right. (Indistinct radio transmission) Man: This way. Hey, baby. - Hi. Man (Over radio): 10-36 in progress. I'm gonna need additional units. Uh, possibly two units, if possible. (Radio transmission continues indistinctly) Officer: All right, let's go. Jamie: They have a tape. It's footage of you and three other men, including Terry... having sex on a police car. That didn't happen. I've seen it. It's you. I swear to God, I did... I did not do that. How can you be in a tape and not know it? I don't know. Were you ever with a group of them? All the time. We'd go out for drinks. He must have slipped something into my beer. - Like what? - GHB. Or oxy. It's all over the evidence room. They brag about the stuff they can get. So this could have happened one night without you knowing it. It did happen one night without me knowing, I swear to you. The cops are saying your involvement in the group sex was consensual. How could you believe them... after what they did to you? (Indistinct radio transmission) McCandless. I'm in a hurry, dude. Terry, I'm not your dude. Understand? I will destroy you, you understand me? You-you stay away from Jamie Sawyer, or I will destroy you. Are we clear? (Laughing): Yeah. Good. You fix that cocaine scheme that you pulled, too, or I will have you demoted so far down the food chain you're gonna have to reach up to grab your nuts, hmm? (Grunts) You got me? You got me? - Yes, sir. - Good. Ladies and gentlemen of the press, congratulations to our new city attorney. (Applause) Ms. Marcus will be suing the city of Charleston and the Charleston police department for sexual harassment, wrongful termination and defamation of character. Reporter: Ms. Marcus! Okay, Jamie, game on. The missing footage. check the camera. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 