Reckless: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reckless 
 s1e6 - Family Plot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reckless (2014): Season 1, Episode 6 - Family Plot - full transcript 
 Jamie and Roy appear before a judge to discuss the validity of Lee Ann's case. And the judge chooses to dismiss which even surprises Roy. Jamie tells Lee Ann who's not happy about it. Jamie decides to look into the judge. Roy's ex comes to him asking him to represent her boyfriend whose deal is in jeopardy and she says if he can help him, she can move back along with their children. Knox informs Terry that there were biological traces on the bomb used on Lee Ann's house. He asks Terry for a DNA sample but he refuses. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Reckless... Why did your wife divorce you? Shelby likes money. And he's rich, like... private jet rich. (Grunting) Two dozen untraceable pistols. Jamie: Max is my brother. You banged the one nut job that's gotta sue the entire police department. Been the same since you were yea high. You did this. I know you did. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Screw the settlement. Let's fight. Arliss? Excuse me. - Where's my husband? - I'm sorry? Arliss Fulton, he's not in his room. Is he okay? Did something happen to him? What? The last time I checked, he was sleeping. How could you not know where he is? I mean, you don't just lose a patient! Roy: So all he left was this note? "I can't stay here. I'm sorry." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Six words. And just like that, I lost him again. Did I... do something wrong? Did I say something? Jamie... You got him his freedom. You did nothing wrong. You know, your brother probably just needs some space. It is a lot to sort out. There was just something about knowing I had family actually here. I hear you. You know... Ever since my daughters moved upstate with their mom, no day ever feels right. And Thursdays, those are the hardest. Thursdays? The girls and I, we had a tradition. We'd go get big old ice cream cones and walk to the softball fields. Watch the city league games together. Yeah... Thursdays. Let's... go out to Sullivan's, Roy. And get drunk and dive in the ocean. We have a hearing tomorrow. Or did you forget? Sometimes I'd like to forget. Me, too. But listen... I do have to do my homework. (Laughs) My opposing counsel... She is a bit of a shark. And apparently, she has some new, mysterious evidence to admit. Oh, wouldn't you like to know what that is? Thanks for coming, Roy. ♪ Give me love ♪ ♪ My, my, my, my ♪ ♪ Oh, give me love. ♪ Vi: Morning. Were you expecting certified mail? From a forensics lab? Finally. Lee Anne's drug test results. I want to introduce this into evidence today. Hold up. How? I mean, even if the cops drugged her when they made the sex tape, that was months ago. Well, new tests on hair can find drug traces going back a year. In theory, anyway. Negative? Yeah. Jamie. Lee Anne? What's wrong? Lee Anne: Arliss. He left the hospital. He got home somehow and he's taken the truck. Come here. Sit down. Jamie, where could he have gone? And why hasn't he called me? I'm sure Arliss is fine. Just stay here and get some rest. He knows where to find you, okay? (Birds twittering) Running around like... like your damn servant. Look... I got work to do! Pat: Listen to me. Listen to me, I told you it's gotta be... I've gotta have oxytocin. Terry: I'll get you your pills, all right? All right, fine. Hey. Take a shower. Pat: I need help to take a shower. (Door shuts, engine starts) It's just an administrative hearing, but apparently... - Daddy! - Hi, daddy! Dec: There's a spot of sunshine, right there. Hello, girls. Oh, my gosh. Hello, Roy. (Girls giggling) - Shelby. - Hi, daddy. - Hey, darling. - Roy: I missed you little monkeys. Give your dad some hugs. (Giggling) Would you mind... Uh, girls, why don't we go play in your daddy's office? Remember he has that chair that spins around? Yes! Me first! Well, this is unexpected. I have some... news, Roy. And I wanted to tell you in person. Nolan and I are getting married. Married. Okay. Wow. Congratulations, Shelby. I will send you flowers. You still like calla lilies, yes? We were actually hoping to enlist your services as an attorney. Get another lawyer for your prenup, Shelby. Like, any other lawyer. - In the world. - No. No, it's a real estate contract dispute. A man named Jim Westry sold Nolan his house just before he died, and now Mr. Westry's heirs are disputing the sale. Can you ask your father handle it? This house is here in Charleston. If Nolan wins the case, we leave Columbia and we move into it. You'll be able to see the girls as often as you want. Look, I'm late. Let me think about it, all right? Judge Garner: Now, before we set a trial date, for Lee Anne Marcus vs. The Charleston PD, I'm told that, uh, Ms. Sawyer has a new piece of evidence to admit? I apologize, Your Honor. Nothing new to admit today. Why, splendid, Ms. Sawyer. You know what a huge fan I am of wasted time. Uh, Your Honor... I'd like to ask that you reconsider the city's motion to dismiss. Your Honor, in the interest of not wasting time... No, I'll hear arguments on the motion. Go ahead, Mr. Rayder. Roy: It's simple, Your Honor. While Ms. Sawyer has claimed that her client was drugged and assaulted by police, she's never provided proof that anything but consensual sexual activity took place. There's no proof yet that my client was drugged, but that doesn't mean she wasn't. And the one witness that could allegedly corroborate Ms. Marcus's claims never came forward. And that woman from the police department who failed to come forward? She had a change of heart only because she was promoted within the very same police department she was set to testify against. Opposing counsel can't seem to provide viable evidence to support this lawsuit. My client deserves her day in court and her shot at justice. Judge Garner: You know what would've been music to my ears? If you two would've settled this case. But since you didn't, I don't want to waste another few days reviewing this motion. So I'm simply going to rule on it right now. The motion is granted. This case is dismissed. What? With prejudice. But that prevents it from ever being refiled! Well, that's the point, Ms. Sawyer. You don't have a case here, and I'm not gonna just stand by while you scramble to find one. Case of Lee Anne Marcus vs. the city of Charleston is dismissed. (Bangs gavel) Wait, Jamie... Don't talk to me. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com (Birds chirping) Where the hell have you been? You scared me half to death. I'm sorry. Okay? I just had to get out of there. I just wanted to get my head clear, that's all. (Coughing) You got to go to the hospital. I'm not gonna go back there. I can go to the VA clinic; they can treat me as an outpatient. I'm... just relieved you're okay. Look who turned up. What is it? What's wrong? I was just in court. Roy renewed his motion to dismiss, and... The judge... granted it. Motion to dismiss? The case has been thrown out. It's over. What? What are you talking about? It can't be over. We turned down a half a million dollar settlement to fight. You're... you're just giving up? No, I'm not giving up, Lee Anne. I would never. The judge dismissed it with prejudice, which means that we can't refile. I don't have any legal recourse left. Arliss: Get in the truck, Lee Anne. I am so sorry. I never thought... Get in the truck. - I gotta go get my stuff. - Arliss: Get it later. I said get in the truck now. She trusted you. And now where is she? I guess what do you care, right? 'Cause your life will go on just fine. We're the ones left with nothing. (Indistinct chatter) Happy hour start early or what? (Chuckles) What? You didn't hear? Huh? Lee Anne's case just got kicked by the judge. We won. Come on, I know you don't smile much, but it's good news. No. Yeah, it is. Great news. __ Did you hear, McCandless? Sure. Good news. For your campaign. Great news for the department. The arson squad got a lead on the bombing of Lee Anne's house. They were able to extract a viable blood sample off one of the bomb components. They're working up a DNA profile. So, you'll comply, of course, if they ask you for a DNA sample? There's no way I want my DNA in this system or any other system for that matter. I mean, who knows what kind of BS allegation could be cooked up by an officer bent on making an arrest? Especially one that's desperate for the good publicity. Vi: Make you some tea? I'm not sick, Vi. I'm devastated. It's not your fault. Lee Anne never caught a break. And I let her down. Judge Garner let her down, not you. I really thought I could make it work here. Now, wait a minute, hold on a second. My brother left, Vi. And do you know what's the hardest part? I totally get it. When you're a foster kid, you think, "I got to get out of here. "I got to get somewhere new. Maybe that'll be the answer." I've been that way my whole life. The only reason I ever came here was to be near Max. To help him. But now he's gone. And Lee Anne's case is kicked. What's keeping me here? The charm? The history? Not to mention my glorious old self. I'd miss people, that's for sure. You'd miss Roy. One thing this case being kicked means is you and Roy can... Cut it out. Just promise me you're not gonna do anything rash. Promise you'll talk to me first. I promise. I'm taller than the whole world! Yes, you are. Okay. (Groans) Go play with your sister. (Girls giggling) Well, it needs a little TLC, but the bones are good. And it's got a garden for Shelby's calla lilies. That should save me some money. So, Nolan, the purchase price was $2.1 million? A solid deal, even factoring in renovation expenses and Westry's health care costs. You covered those? That's unusual. He was a stubborn guy. He didn't want to go into assisted living, so he made the sale contingent on his being able to stay at home with a live-in nurse until his death. At which point you would take possession. Two weeks after the signing of the papers, he passed away in his sleep. Now his kids are claiming there was fraud, that their father wasn't of sound mind when he signed the contract. But he was. I met him myself. He was physically sick, but mentally he was completely there. Well, then we'll prove that. This is probably just a financial play. And I'll find out soon. The kids, Lila and Garrett, have agreed to meet with me tonight, so... You are claiming that Jim Westry was not of sound mind when he struck a deal with my client. That's correct. And yet, I found that your father altered his will a few days after the home sale, giving less to charity and more to the two of you. And you, Lila, as the executor of the estate, signed off on the change, which would suggest that, uh, you did think he was of sound mind after all. - No, he wasn't. He was... - No? Then you were taking advantage of his condition for your own financial gain? Now, if that is the case, how much more would it take for you to sign off on the house sale as well? My clients want no part of this deal at any price. We are going to trial as scheduled. Then we will see you in court. Pop, you here? Pop? Arliss: Nope. Just me. What are you gonna do, hot shot? Kill me? Yes. Yes, I am. You know, it wasn't too long ago, I was feeling pretty good about life. Beautiful wife, good job, serving my country, a little house, maybe even a kid someday. And then my beautiful wife met you. Lost everything I had. Not my legs; I don't blame you for that. But the way I figure it, everything else is on you. After all you've been through, you still want to blame somebody? Haven't you figured it out, soldier? There's no one to blame. It's all random. It's all chaos. The whole damn thing. Two years ago, I-I'm clearing a house after a double homicide. The perp's hiding in the closet with a glock. He starts firing that thing through the door. I get hit twice. First one grazed me, but the second one? It's right here. Lodged in my chest, kissing right up against my heart. Doctor said it's too damn risky to try and remove it, so... Dumb luck and what? Maybe two millimeters are all I got standing - between me and a body bag? - (Cocks gun) You want to pull the trigger, go ahead and do it. It don't scare me. I spend every day at gunpoint. But just know you're losing your best chance to find out who did this. I already know who did it. I tried to steal your wife, that's true. But I couldn't, because she's yours, and that is what it is. But I'd never hurt her. I didn't do it, Arliss. But I have access to every piece of this investigation. We believe the bomber has a military background. We even got a drop of blood that we're trying to match up with a suspect. I will figure it out and get justice for Lee Anne. I want that just as badly as you do. Or you could kill me. Go to prison, maybe never find out who did it. Your call. Roy: Detective Cruz, do you have a minute? Preston: Yeah, Roy, what's up? Look, I came by because I'm handling a case, and was hoping that I could ask for your help. Sure, I guess we owe you. Well, a man named Jim Westry passed away a few weeks ago. And I was curious whether or not he was on your radar. Yeah, Westry. I know the name. Just got the case. Medical examiner dropped off his report. Here. Yeah. Autopsy shows toxic levels of morphine in his bloodstream. - Really? - Yeah. And those IVs have built-in safeguards, so you can't overdose. I mean, there's no way he could have administered that much morphine to himself. Could be looking at a murder. I'll let you know if I get anything else. Yeah, no, thank you. Hey, Roy. How is she? Jamie? She's, um... Had a few setbacks lately. But she's strong. She certainly is. You were the nurse taking care of Jim Westry the weeks before his death. Is that correct? Yes. And who hired you? Nolan Parker. And that gave Nolan Parker unfettered access to Jim Westry's health care. Roy: Objection, Your Honor. What does this have to do with a contract dispute? I'm getting there, Your Honor. Overruled. You may proceed, Mr. Donnelly. Nolan came by frequently, is that correct? In fact, he visited the night Mr. Westry passed away. That's right. How much morphine did you give him that night? Doctor's orders: Ten milligrams. But the autopsy results indicate he had five times that amount in his system. Enough to kill him. Well, I would never do anyth... (Scoffs) No, of course not. Mr. Westry was fine when you went to sleep that night, wasn't he? Yes. And who was with him when you left him? Nolan was. Your witness. Why was Nolan the one to hire you and not Mr. Westry's children? I mean, their father was dying after all. Did they not want to have a say in their father's health care? I don't know. They never visited while I was there. They just didn't seem that interested. And who did visit Jim Westry? A couple neighbors. I don't remember their names. But his most frequent visitor was Nolan. Roy: The fact is, my client was one of the only people that actually cared about Jim Westry in his final days. Objection! Speculation. Sustained. You made your point, Mr. Rayder. The witness is excused. Nice job. (Indistinct radio transmission) Can I help you? So you're Knox, huh? I'm Lee Anne Marcus's husband. What can I do for you, sir? You fired my wife when all she did was work her ass off for this place. Well, that's not a conversation I'm willing to have with you. So if that's why you're here... I got something for you. DNA... Terry McCandless. What are you talking about? Somebody bombed the house, and I think it was him. I'm not even gonna ask how you got that, but if that's his DNA, we have admissibility issues in court. But you might also get the answer that you've been looking for. How well do you really know Nolan? What is his middle name? Or who was his best friend in elementary school? Michael. And... Michael, actually. He's a good man, Roy. It's sweet that you're concerned. Especially concerned enough to spring for this place. You love it here. I do. Who's that? Someone from work. I see. I can't believe you came all the way down here from New York. Two years ago, I offered you a job... And you turned it down. People don't say no to me, Jamie. But I admire that you did. I was desperate to hire you, and you came here instead. Honestly, I could never figure out why. Well, Charleston has its charms. Man: Yes, for a weekend. But you belong in New York, handling high-stakes litigation, taking your firm retreats in Anguilla. I'm sorry. There's someone here that I know. I should go say hello, if you don't mind. Small world. Are you still mad at me? Always. Shelby, this is Jamie. He spotted you right away. And this is Shelby, my ex-wife. Oh. It's very nice to meet you. You as well. Would you please excuse me? I'm gonna go to the little girls' room. So, who is the mystery man over there? That is Conrad Gordon. Founding partner of Gordon, Beckman & Young in Manhattan. Oh, that's a huge firm. What's he doing in the holy city? He flew down to offer me a job. In New York? Are you gonna take it? I haven't given him an answer yet, but... yes, I think I probably will. Oh, may I help you? Well, good morning, ma'am. My name is Roy Rayder, and I'm a lawyer with a case involving your neighbor Jim Westry's death. Oh, I was really sorry to hear about that. I was wondering, uh, whether or not you were able to visit him before his death. And if so, how he might have seemed to you. No, I didn't visit him. I've just been busy packing up and... Yeah, are you leaving the neighborhood? Yeah. We got a great offer on our house... even better than the porters next door. Maybe the real estate market is coming back around finally. Which would be good for Jim's kids, right? Give them my condolences, would you? I'm sorry I couldn't be more help. No, I appreciate your time. __ ___ (Men laughing) Gentlemen, so nice to find you here together. What's going on, Roy? Nothing. Just doing some interesting reading. Yeah, it seems that the Asher Hotel Corporation is looking to buy a ten-acre property in the city for a beachfront resort. And it turns out that three properties bordering the Westry house were recently bought by a shell corporation called Zantedeschia. What do you know? That is the scientific name for calla lilies. Those are Shelby's favorite, right, guys? Roy, don't jump to conclusions. Oh, I don't have to, Dec. You see, records show that the two of you set up that shell corporation. Now with the Westry house, the entire parcel is ten acres. And Asher Hotels, they're willing to pay $30 million for it. So just tell me this: Exactly how far did you two go to see this deal through? Westry died of a morphine overdose right when you needed to make this deal, Dec. And that was serendipitous. But... To imply anyone here is a murderer... is outrageous and offensive. You know, if the police get wind of this, you better find yourself a real good criminal lawyer. 'Cause I will not be defending my ex-wife's fiancé on a murder charge. Have a good day. __ Oh, this is gonna be good. So, yesterday, I noticed that one of the employees at the lab where Lee Anne's hair was tested has the same last name, "Brandeis," as one of the cops in the department. I knew you couldn't let this die. So I took a couple strands of Lee Anne's hair to two other labs, and they both came back positive: GHB. She was drugged. Well, the first drug test was tampered with. The other day, you said you were looking into Judge Garner. Sure did... and his record is almost perfect. Almost. What are you doing here? Need a word. I don't like surprises, McCandless. Arson team has a suspect. They're running his DNA against the bomber's. That's good news. Not really, 'cause the suspect they're running is me. Thanks to a sample somebody gave them that I did not consent to. Like maybe from the muzzle of that rifle you held to my head? I think you're reaching, Terry. - Am I? - Who cares how they got it? If you didn't do it, what's the problem? The problem is you don't have the guts to shoot me, and then you slink off and betray me to my superior. You slept with my wife. You seduced her while I was lying in a military hospital wondering if I would ever walk again, and now you expect some sort of loyalty from me? I don't owe you a damn thing. If you took the bomb... (Coughs) (Wheezing) Woman: Excuse me, detective. Nice job. He's gonna be fine. Terry. (Sighs) I don't know... How you were even there... We had some things to discuss. You saved his life. What else would I do? I guess I thought... Lee Anne, I don't want you to choose me 'cause you got nothing else. I want you to choose me 'cause I'm the one you want. If you want him, if... he makes you happy... then I guess I'm done here. (Computer chimes) __ Mr. Westry, I owe you an apology. I thought that you had abandoned your father in his time of need. Come to find out, you were right by his side, getting him anything he needed, keeping him comfortable. That's right. I imagine the liquid morphine that you gave him made him more than comfortable. I'm sorry. I don't know what you mean. Your Honor, I would like to admit into evidence a credit card receipt for Solarium Medical Industries, a purchase of 300 milligrams of liquid morphine, traced to a credit card belonging to Garrett Westry. Now, Mr. Westry, weren't you the last person to see your father alive? No. Didn't you give him the fatal morphine dose? You see, when your sister filed this suit, you went along so as not to arouse suspicion. But the truth is, you wanted your sister's lawsuit to fail. You want this contract to go through. That is the only way that you see your half of the $2 million sale price. I didn't care about the money. How dare you. You have no idea what... Your Honor, I'd like to advise my client to invoke his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination. You don't have to say another word. My father didn't want to feel the pain anymore. He a... he asked me to. He asked me to help him let go. It wasn't murder. (Sniffles) It was what he wanted. Judge Garner, a minute? I believe that a drug test done on my client's hair was tampered with by a lab tech who was connected to the police. The lawsuit's over, Ms. Sawyer. I've had new tests done at two different labs, and the results were positive. Lee Anne Marcus was drugged at the time the sex tape was made. Those tests are imprecise. They can't establish an exact hour or even day that a person was drugged. No. You're considered one of the best judges on the bench. Thank you. The only blemish on your record is a traffic accident that happened when you fell asleep at the wheel. After that, you took a long vacation down in Hilton Head. This is a riveting trip down memory lane, - but why are we taking it? - Well, it's odd. When you got back to work last July, you started sending nearly every drug-addicted defendant who came through your courtroom to one particular rehab facility. Their program is very well-regarded. You would know. You were a patient there, according to records I got from Tranquil Meadows. Here's my theory. That accident you got into wasn't a matter of sleep deprivation. You were drunk. The police officer on the scene agreed to leave the drinking out of the accident report. Out of gratitude to the rehab facility, you began funneling as much business to them as possible, and... Out of gratitude to the police, you dismissed Lee Anne's case. That is a baseless, trumped-up conspiracy theory, and you can't prove any of it. I agree with you, Judge Garner, but... imagine how horribly the press will warp all of this if it comes out. Every verdict made before you got help could be called into question, the cases retried. It would be a disaster. Tread lightly, Ms. Sawyer. That almost sounded like a threat. Oh, it was. Either you reinstate Lee Anne's case, using the positive drug test as cover, and then recuse yourself, or I go public with my theory. Of course, there is one other option. I call the police and have you arrested for blackmailing a judge. The game is rigged here, Your Honor. I'm just playing along. Knox: McCandless. Sir? We got the DNA results back on that bomb component. Well, let me guess, I'm off the hook. Not exactly. It was a partial match to you. A familial match. What? Terry: Dad! What did you do? Huh? What are you talking about? Did you bomb Lee Anne's house? Somebody tell you that, or did you divine it with your super detective skills? You could've killed her. Didn't kill her. It scared her. And now the case is dropped. It did the job. Haven't you done enough? Haven't you humiliated yourself and me enough in your life? Haven't you?! I did this for you. This doesn't help me, old man; This implicates me! You're my father! Hey! Hey! Hey! Don't you walk away from me! Shelby: My father is pretty angry at you. I went a step too far. Don't hate him, Roy. He never hated you. (Chuckles) He begged me not to divorce you. Somehow I doubt that. I could never bring him a $30 million deal like... good old Nolan. Nolan is gonna be my husband and the girls' stepfather, so I suggest you find a way to like him. You're actually going to marry a man who manipulated you in order to make a real estate sale? He did whatever it took to make a deal to keep me and the girls financially secure for life. It always did boil down to money with you. You want to believe I left you for money. I guess that makes you feel better. - (Scoffs) - Nolan loves me. He did everything in his power to get me. I never felt that kind of passion from you. You married me because I checked off all the right boxes. Just because something looks good on paper doesn't make it right. Shelby... And when I told you I was leaving, you pretty much showed me the door. That is not fair. You didn't fight for me, Roy. That's why I left. Not for money. Because I wanted to be with someone who thought I was worth fighting for. (Chuckles) I think you've always wanted to be with a completely different kind of woman. And I hope someday you find her, Roy. I really do. (Gulls squawking) Jamie. You're early, but thank you for coming. I just... wanted to see the sunset. You want to take a walk? I'd love to. ♪ Running through the heat, heartbeat ♪ Roy: So, I've been handling a case for my ex-wife the past few days. Shelby's priority has always been... maintaining status and... following tradition. Never being different and... wild and raising hell and... generally not being a pain in the ass. Like me? Yes. Like you. (Chuckles) Look, Jamie... did you decide about the job in New York? Yes. I... I turned it down. Why is that? (Chuckles) I... like people here. ♪ And I'm lost in a memory ♪ ♪ As it shakes up the corner of my heart ♪ ♪ Was it my mistake? ♪ ♪ Mmm, just as simple as a change ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ A love like this... ♪ We can't. - We-we can. - No, Roy. I can't be involved with opposing counsel. What are you talking about? Lee Anne's case was reinstated. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 