Reckless: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Reckless 
 s1e8 - When the Smoke Clears - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Reckless (2014): Season 1, Episode 8 - When the Smoke Clears - full transcript 
 When Roy agrees to defend his high school sweetheart against murder charges, the case threatens his family's reputation and his position at the law firm. Meanwhile, Lee Anne tries to break things off with Terry once and for all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Reckless: Lee Anne Marcus never provided proof that anything but consensual sexual activity took place. There's no proof yet that my client was drugged, but that doesn't mean she wasn't. I actually fell in love with you. No one would ever have to know. There's a shipment on its way to the U.S. of A. $15 million. You're absolutely certain no one knows you're undercover? I'm sure. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your father was the best city attorney Charleston ever had. We can't. Woman: Roy Rayder. Lexi Simms. Now, how long has it been? I can't count the years on my fingers. Wow. Law degree, tailored suit. It's hard to believe you're that same punk who spiked the spring formal punch with absinthe. You dated that punk. (Chuckles) So, I heard you made bail. You've been following my case? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah. Hostess found dead at the Raven's Den Club. Gun found at the scene belonged to one of the other hostesses... I didn't do it, Roy. I believe you. It does not look good, Lexi. They set me up. They're circling the wagons. I can't do it alone. I thought Reggie Firenzi was representing you. He was... Till last night. He cornered me in his office, tried to throw himself on me. Happens a lot in my line of work. We didn't exactly end things cordially. I know you've got a million things going on, but if... When does the trial start? That's the thing, um... Tomorrow morning. Whew. I'm desperate, Roy. Then I'm there. ♪ ♪ I can't be without ♪ ♪ I can't be without my girl. ♪ Knox: I take it you didn't call me out here to go shrimping. You got more intel on Russ Waterman? Yeah. The shipment's on a Russian freighter right now. Carrying 2,000 Krinkov subcompact assault weapons. - Whew. - Unmarked, brandnew. This is the biggest bust in Charleston history. With the right timing, we could take down McCandless and his two buddies, Frank and Clint. Waterman's the cherry on top. Who's the buyer? I keep hearing a name tossed around, "Burnside"? shipment will be here in three days. I'm giving them some potential deal locations, gaps in our patrols. It's a cell phone wire. It'll transmit everything you hear and say directly to my office with GPS coordinates to boot. If they find out what this is, they're gonna put a slug through my brain, toss me in the Cooper River. This is a multimillion-dollar gun trafficking operation. They're gonna be risks. What's your gut say? Good to go? Yeah. I've been someone I'm not for far too long. It's time for this to end. ♪ ♪ Wait just a little bit more ♪ (beeping) ♪ I feel you 'cause your breath is burning holes in my door ♪ ♪ You love it when there's blood on your tongue ♪ ♪ And you're ready for war ♪ ♪ But wait just a little bit more ♪ ♪ Take what you came here for ♪ ♪ I know you and I know you can't take anymore ♪ ♪ You got me with... ♪ As hostesses, we serve drinks, cut cigars, make sure the men feel... comfortable. So you work for tips, correct? And other perks, if you play your cards right. Tell me, Kaylee, is there ever competition between the hostesses for male attention? All the time. And was the defendant ever involved in these fights? Lexi started half of 'em. If she had her hooks in a guy, she'd threaten anyone who even smiled at him. Did you ever witness the defendant fighting with the victim? Yes, I heard Lexi screaming at Tiff the day that she got killed. Mr. Lindeke, in your duty as security coordinator for the Raven's Den Club, have you ever seen this firearm? Yes, the night Tiffany Gable was killed. Um, just before closing, I heard two shots ring out by the locker room area. And I found that gun lying next to her body. And was anyone else in the locker room at that time? No, but as I approached, I saw Lexi fleeing the area. No more questions, Your Honor. Roy: Isn't it possible that my client's gun was taken from her locker? And that when she heard gunshots, she reacted as the other people in the area did, as any of us would do, and ran? I guess it's... possible. No more questions. You're defending Lexi Simms? You really should've consulted me on this, Roy. I'll will never ask for permission to save an innocent woman from jail, Dec. Son, I know Lexi, and she's no innocent. You know her as your hostess, right? At your secret little billionaire boy's club? She is an old friend of mine, and someone at Raven's Den framed her for murder. I'm gonna find out who. Not everything is a conspiracy, Roy. Sometimes, shocking as it may be, people just kill people. Not her. Not Lexi. Drop the case. No. You embarrass this firm... You'll no longer be a part of it. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com Man: Well, if it isn't the boy wonder himself. I was told to expect you, Roy. Mr. Ashby. I hear our dear Lexi's in your more-than-capable hands. How is she? Good as can be expected while facing life in prison. Look, I'm not here to talk circles around the truth. I think there's a good chance one of your members knew where my client kept her gun, and used it to kill Tiffany Gable and get away clean. I want a list of the names of the men who were here that night. I submitted a visitors log to the police from the day of the murder. Right, and that was a nice work of fiction. Of the eight men on this list, three of them were out of the country that day, and one of them was on life support after crashing his maybach into a bus. (Chuckles) Just give me a list. We don't have one. Our members pay for complete discretion. You know, as city attorney, I can drag you right through hell, Mr. Ashby. I can show up here with a small army of auditors, dig into this club's finances. I can file a civil rights complaint against what I can only assume is an exclusively white male membership base. Or you can give me what I want. You know where to find me. Your deposition is coming up quick, Lee Anne, and we need to have every angle covered. The interrogatory the city attorney sent, the questionnaire you filled out after you filed suit. I remember. Look over your answers. Roy has them. He will try to trick you during the deposition to catch you in an inconsistency or a lie. We can't let him do that. It could discredit our whole case. These questions are embarrassing. Every night, I picture myself on that stand, airing all my mistakes. I will be with you the whole time. I will object and badger him on every inappropriate question. I'm going to protect you. Terry: Sorry I'm late. I tried to call you. I know. Are you okay? Did you take advantage of me the other night just to sabotage me? To trick me into dropping the lawsuit? Is that what we were doing? 'Cause we sabotaged our brains out. (Scoffs) I have to go. Wait. If I could whisk you off your feet to any place on earth, where would you choose? - Terry... - In two days, I-I have a way that we might be able to escape this mess. To give you the life you deserve. What are you talking about? Two days. Just give me two days, and then I'll explain everything. I can't. I can't leave Arliss. You don't owe him your life, Lee Anne. You don't. Terry, you and me, we're... We're just... Doomed. And I can't live my life knowing I'm the woman that could... Leave her paraplegic husband. I... I won't do it. I can't. Waterman: Bernie! You know, I never thought I'd say this, but that is a pretty baller minivan. At last, the mysterious Burnside. Burnside: I hope you won't mind if my men do a little pat-down. These boys aren't just arm candy. They're partners in my little import/export business. These are the guys that are gonna make sure that this deal goes down without a hitch. And that's a Russ Waterman guarantee. Burnside: Don't quote me your idiotic commercials, Russ. Show me what you have. (Clears throat) I, uh, cross-referenced all the CPD patrol routes along the seaside areas of the city, highlighting a few gaps. Terry chose the location. You want to tell 'em about it, Terry? Uh, yeah, sure. Uh, this abandoned cannery off Wraggborough looks like the safest location for the deal. Low visibility, completely off both land and marine patrol routes. Waterman: You hear that? (Laughs) These are my guys. They got our asses covered upside down and sideways. So... Are we cool? 2,000 peashooters, $7,500 per? $6,500, or nothing. Frickin' economy, right? (Door opens) (Door closes) (Tutting sound) You know, you are lucky that I'm not in the habit of carrying a firearm. Oh? Why's that? I'd be well within my rights to shoot you for trespassing. You see, this is my private sanctuary, and you just violated it. That's mighty hypocritical of you, Roy. Is that the membership list that I asked for? (Laughs) Oh... Dec said you were like your father, and, uh... I agree. Like you, he thought it heroic to always swim against the current. Do the right thing. But there is the right thing, and there is... the way things are, and, uh... (Chuckles) He never could learn the difference. Maybe you can. What is this? Oh, it's just a little, uh, Rayder family history you may want to brush up on. Mr. Ashby... Don't ever drop by my house unannounced again. You have a good night, now. (Door opens) (Door closes) Ms. Marcus, how old were you when you lost your virginity? Jamie: Objection. Don't answer that. And, Ms. Marcus, how many sexual partners have you had in your life? Jamie: Objection. Relevance. Here is a relevant question, then. Do you remember a man named Matthew Decker? He was my boss at Deacon's Chicken. And did you sleep with him? I was 17, I didn't know what I was doing. Now, moving on to your time of employment with the Charleston police department... Exactly how many employees did you sleep with there? Objection. Clarification. Do you mean willingly? Lee Anne: One. Willingly. And that was whom? Terry McCandless. You answered interrogatories several weeks ago and stated that your last sexual contact with Terry McCandless was two months prior. Is that correct? Yes. That's correct. May I speak with you privately? Sure. What was that? What was what? This case is about sex, and it is my job to ask the tough questions. You don't get what's wrong with the system here. I do. I understand how hard it must be for Lee Anne to answer those questions... Maybe you attempt to understand it on an intellectual level. But you've never lived it. There hasn't been one second of one day that you've known what it's like to be a woman in this world, scrutinized and judged as a sexual object. You're turning this into a gender debate. It is just a deposition. Nobody's asking Terry McCandless when he lost his virginity, Roy. Feel free to. Nobody's asking because nobody cares. My client is "promiscuous." But Terry and his buddies are just "boys being boys." And that's what I just can't tolerate. Jamie! You here? Well, I'll be hot-damned. What's this? Roy: It's a little gift courtesy of Stanford Ashby. It's a complaint my father dismissed 15 years ago as city attorney that alleges the city controller, Tom Stewart, was embezzling funds with the help of his secretary... Melinda Rayder. Your mother. Do you know anything about it? No. First I've heard. Well, there's no record of it at city hall, either. But if it's true, Dec, my mother committed a crime, and my father illegally used his influence to make it disappear. I warned you, Roy. Raven's Den thrives on a currency of secrets, and Ashby is a master at using them to bend people to his will. You pushed him. Are you really so surprised he shoved back? Lexi needs me. I won't let her down. I suggest you consider your next move very carefully, Roy. Maybe he's bluffing. Maybe none of it's true. Well, both Tom Stewart and your father are deceased, Roy. So there's only one person left who can answer that question. ("Heal" by Tom Odell playing) ♪ Take my mind and take my pain ♪ - ♪ Like an empty bottle takes the rain ♪ - (Sighs) ♪ And heal... ♪ Roy... Hi, mom. Well, you sure look good. City attorney obviously agrees with you. Oh, I just, I... I can't tell you how proud I was when you were appointed. Okay, so what's bothering you, Roy? After years of canceled lunches, for you to show up here? Must be important. (Sighs) (Exhales) Who gave this to you? I need to know if it's real. I'm afraid that it is. I need you to tell me everything. Your father... He had a way of making me feel small. Like I could never quite measure up to his standards, if... Well, I think you know what I'm talking about, right? I started having an affair with my boss. Tom Stewart, the city controller. Tom could really see me at a time when your daddy just seemed to look right past me, and I needed that so badly, Roy, I... So... When Tom asked if I would help him funnel money out of a city account, I said yes, because I was stone stupid. And we got caught. So you went to dad. And he agreed to cover up the embezzlement on two conditions: That I move out immediately, and that I leave you with him. I didn't want to leave you, Roy, ever. I didn't have any choice. Of course you had a choice, mom. I could never abandon my girls. Never. Ashby: Well, it went up about $30 a share as soon as I pulled my money out. I think outsourcing has a lot to do with that. I don't cave to blackmail, Mr. Ashby. Feel free to go public with the complaint. I'm mighty sorry to hear that. You could have just cooperated with me. I would have shown some discretion. But now I just want the list. And I will publish it on the front page of the Charleston Herald if it will help me find out who framed Lexi Simms for murder. Even if that person is you, Mr. Ashby. Now give me the damn list. Lexi: Next name... Grady Hoberman. (Typing) Grady Hoberman. Did you ever see him with Tiffany? I wish I knew more of these guys. I was only there a few months. Doesn't help that they all look like they're running for governor. Uh, next name... Phillip Boyd. (Scratches pen across paper) Boyd... Wait... Click on that one. That's him. That's the guy I saw arguing with Tiffany. I told the cops I knew she was fighting with a patron, but they didn't believe me. Well, Phillip Boyd... Executive VP, research and development at Trent Pharmaceuticals. I guess I better request a meeting with Mr. Boyd. I did argue with Tiffany. The morning before she was killed, I slipped into the Ruby room to make a private call. I had just been informed that our biggest selling drug, celaxal, was getting pulled from the market by the FDA. I remember that. Yeah, it was a potential disaster for this company. I hung up the phone, I turned around, Tiffany was standing there. She'd heard my conversation. I didn't think anything of it, until later that day when our stock went into a freefall. People were selling before the announcement had even came out. She had to have told someone. It could have been someone at the FDA... Or even within your own company. Maybe, but I thought it was her. And when I confronted her, she looked scared. Jamie: Judge Moss is almost ready for us. I read your brief. It's a good argument. I read yours, too. I threw it across the room. (Chuckles) Ah, Jamie, you can't use rape shield laws to get the sex tape dismissed. Rape shield laws are for criminal cases. Rape shield laws were made to prevent sleazy defense attorneys from using a woman's prior sexual history against her. That tape has no probative value. Allowing a jury to view it is calling her a whore in open court. And beyond that, that tape has been tampered with. I have been fully transparent with you. I called you to my home and showed you the tape as soon as I had it. I hoped that you were going to see this case as hopeless. Bad for Lee Anne and bad for your reputation. But you didn't listen. But the tape is germane to this case. And you're arguing to suppress it because it shows your client caught in a lie. And you know it, or you wouldn't be arguing to dismiss. Compliments of Judge Moss. And what is this? Her ruling on the taped evidence. She made her decision based on your briefs. Hmm. Well, it looks like our case isn't so hopeless after all. The tape is out. Round one to you, but it's gonna be a long fight. Believe me, I know. (Knocking) - Hey. - Hi. What do you want? I just want to talk to you for a minute. (Sighs) I haven't stopped thinking about you. Not one day goes by... I don't want to start this again. Just listen. Some things are going down tomorrow night... Some operations that I've been involved in. If anything happens to me... I want you to know I love you. This time we've been apart... Makes me know that's true. I haven't been able to explain the tape... And Lee Anne. I've had to keep things from you... To protect you. After tomorrow, when the smoke clears... I'll finally be able to tell you the whole story. Bye, Jamie. (Papers rustle) __ (Taps palm on table) I assume you spoke to your mother? She convince you to drop the case? You know, I don't have time to chat, Dec. I owe someone an apology. (Sighs) Terry: You said we were doomed. I don't believe that. No, it's over, Terry. I just had to see you one more time - in case I... - In case you what? Just one kiss. It's all I ask. Arliss is on his way home. He could be here any minute. (Kissing) You have to go now, Terry, please. It's a spy cam for sure, Vi. A pretty good one, too. How's it work? Well, um, the camera's motion-activated. The signal's picked up by the router here, which transmits the captured video to the Internet. Nasty-ass creeper. All the hand sanitizer in the world ain't gonna wash that away. Hey, uh, want me to find out who did it? What can you do? Well, I can hack into the router, find out where the video's being transmitted. That could get me to an IP address of your... Nasty-ass... creeper. All right. Hey, Ed. Thought you were a germaphobe. You forgot to wipe it off. Maybe I don't want to. Hmm. Wait... you think Phillip Boyd's telling the truth? (Sighs) Could be. Maybe someone at the club heard about the drug getting pulled and used that knowledge to profit off it. Now, you said that Kaylee lied on the stand. Yeah. Maybe she wasn't lying to cover for someone. Maybe she was lying to protect herself. You make a pretty nice income hostessing at the Raven's Den Club. Don't you, Miss Reynolds? I do pretty well. $4,000 a week. Is that correct? (Gallery murmuring) The members tip very generously. But that's only a drop in the barrel for you, isn't it? I'd like to submit into evidence copies of Miss Reynolds's last four bank statements, as well as a copy of her stock portfolio. Can you authenticate these statements, ma'am? Yes, they're my statements. Objection. Relevance? I'll allow it. Please get to your point, Mr. Rayder. Now I have a sworn affidavit from a member at Raven's Den, who says that he confronted the victim the day before her death because he believed that she used information overheard in the club for her own financial gain. But he was mistaken. Miss Gable never received any financial windfall. But you did, Kaylee. You had the same access to privileged information as the other hostesses, and you used that information for profit. Didn't you? I don't know what you're talking about. Well, seven months ago, you sold stock in Trent Pharmaceuticals the day before its price plummeted by half. Objection! Again, relevance. Overruled. Four months ago, you purchased a thousand shares of stock in an obscure tech firm the day before that firm was bought by Harvey Smight, a member of Raven's Den. I could go on, believe me, but I would like to get out of here by supper time. It's not against the law to make good investments, is it? In your case, it is. You see, it is called insider trading. Now, but that's a matter for the SEC, right? What should concern the court today is that you had access to the hostess' lockers. And you knew my client carried a licensed gun... Objection! Argumentative. Perhaps if counsel would like to testify, he should take the stand. Judge: Sustained. Just one final question, Your Honor. When Tiffany Gable found out you were betraying the Raven's Den clientele, did you then shoot her so she wouldn't report you, and then frame my client for the murder? No further questions, Your Honor. Hey. You were something in there, Roy. I owe you. Big time. In high school, when my mom left... I needed someone. And you were there for me. And you got me through some pretty rough spots. You know? You don't owe me anything. And we will get through this. No matter what happens. Okay? Judge: Has the jury reached a verdict? Yes, Your Honor, we have. In the matter of the state of South Carolina v. Alexis Simms on the charge of murder in the second degree, we, the jury, find the defendant not guilty. (Gallery murmuring) (Gavel bangs) (Both laugh) (Laughs) (Indistinct chatter) What are you doing here? Go home, already. This couldn't wait until the morning. I just saw Ed, the police I.T. guy. He helped me get to the bottom of our little peeping Tom issue. Is that such a good idea? I trust him. And believe me, if he cared so much about the Charleston PD, he wouldn't have given me this. Now, Ed was able to extract a whole mess of video clips. Basically, everything the camera saw when it became motion-activated. Now, he hasn't been able to track the IP address just yet, but... just watch. Oh, my God. Lee Anne. What the hell is she doing? Wait, is this...? Both: The night of the mayor's ball. Terry. The bastard. All right, gents, you know the routine. Cell phones, beepers, anything that goes beep-bop-boop, and emits a signal, stick it in the tub. Come on. There you go. Come on. Very good. Na zdorovje! (Whoops) All right, let's get these puppies to where they're going. Terry, you're gonna drive. James Island Expressway. What? That's not how you get to the cannery. Burnside is, uh, what one would call cautious. If one was prone to understatements. Changed the location on me half an hour ago. All right. To where? Boat Graveyard, James Island. Come on. 2,000 of mother Russia's most exceptional assault rifle. The AKS-74U. For those special moments when an AK-47 just isn't enough. (Laughs) (Sighs) Well, all I need is my cash, and we can go our separate ways. I brought your cash. I'm just reconsidering whether I want to give it to you. Every deal I do, I make sure all of the bases are covered. That's why I changed the location of this exchange. And that's also why I assigned one of my men to keep an eye on the previous location. Now, I just got an interesting phone call. He said he spotted several Charleston PD units camped out around the old cannery. One of your men tipped them off. Lower your weapons! No, you got it all wrong, okay? Everyone, drop your weapons now! Kill the cops first. (Grunts) (Shouting, gunfire) Cover fire! Watch your back! Get down! I got you, I got you! Two more! Twelve o'clock! Twelve o'clock! Go! I got him now! He's right there! Take him! Watch your back! (Grunts) (Grunts) (Grunting) (Grunts) Don't take this personally. I'm just doing a little restructuring. (Grunting) It was you, Preston. You were playing us all. Weren't you? Huh?! I got two bullets left and I'm gonna use them both on you. You go ahead. Shoot. Synced by emmasan www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 