Little Dorrit: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Little Dorrit 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Little Dorrit (2008): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 In Venice Fanny continues to cold-shoulder Edmund and spar with his mother, who writes to her husband to employ him,to get him out of Fanny's clutches, in the Bank. The bank is highly successful and Mr. Pancks tells Arthur to invest in it to increase capital for his business. Arthur is also a witness to a row between Mr. Meagles and Mrs. Gowan over the marriage neither of them wanted. Rigaud returns to London and Arthur sees him talking to Miss Wade, whom he follows to Casby's house where Flora flirts with him and Mr. F's aunt insults him. Pancks tells Arthur that Casby holds an allowance in trust for Miss Wade,hence her visits, but Arthur is not wholly convinced. Later he catches up with Rigaud at his mother's but she refuses to disclose their business. In fact Rigaud is seeking to blackmail her over the contents of the box he stole from Flintwinch's twin brother, but she is unaware that he possesses them and feels that she has no cause to fear him - wrongly, in the event. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr Merdle is the wonder of the age. Everything he touches, it would seem, turns to gold. Hear, hear. There is a man named Gowan. I want you to watch him and report back to me. You wish some...'arm to come to me, madam. I say, Pa, what's taking so... Oh, no, what's he doing here? I intend to humiliate her the way she humiliated me. I am not ashamed to tell you that I was at one time employed as a seamstress by Mrs Clennam. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She employed you as a seamstress. I have had intelligence today that calls me back to London. - Oh, God. - What's the matter? Lion! - Subt?tulo no traducido - - Subt?tulo no traducido - ..The finest paintings. I think if I see another painting, I might very well have to scream, Mrs General. I'm quite sure you'd do nothing so unladylike. Don't count on it. How do, Mrs General, Mr Dorrit? How do, Fanny? Here is a painting of... I thought I told you I didn't want to see you again until Wednesday at the earliest. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know, but dash it, it's only polite to wish you the time of day! - Sparkler? - Yes? Go away. Er... Right. I say...look here, Miss Dorrit. Yes? You're a jolly fine girl, with no begod nonsense about you. Do you think I, er...might have a look in with your sister? Well... I adore her, you know. I worship the ground she treads on and all that. But...well, the fact is, she's just sent me packing and she does that almost every time we see each other. I think she thinks I'm a bit of a fool, you know. Oh, I'm sure she doesn't. Well, the truth is I'm not up to the mark on some subjects. But I do adore your sister, and...well, if you could put in a kind word for me, I'd be tremendously obliged. It's a rum old business, this, isn't it? All this having to pretend we never met before. Why, I remember you as well as anything that night we both turned up at the theatre. And you remember too, don't you? Yes, I do. Well...I'm glad we had this little chat. Oh, there's Mater. Better go. Miss Dorrit. Mater. Mrs, erm...Merdle. So delighted to resume an acquaintance so inauspiciously begun. When you first arrived in Venice, hmm? Our little contretemps over the rooms? Of course! Charmed, I'm sure. My son Edmund tells me he's already been to call. He is quite...transported with Venice, are you not, Edmund? Transported, I should say! Thanks, in no little measure, to Mr Dorrit's generous hospitality. Pray don't speak of it. We entertain so many people, it really was less than nothing. Except, my dear, except as it afforded me unusual gratification to show the high estimation in which I hold so distinguished and princely a character as Mr Merdle's. Mr Dorrit, you are too kind. Yes, I'm to understand from Mr Sparkler that there's no great possibility of Mr Merdle's coming abroad. Why indeed, Mr Dorrit, he is much engaged and in such demand, he hasn't been able to get abroad in years. You and your family, Mr Dorrit, must have been abroad continuously for a long time, or we should have made each other's acquaintance in London society long since, should we not? Why, yes, that is right, Mrs Merdle. We have been abroad for an immense number of years. Dash it, I mean to say... Beg pardon. We think of returning to London before too long, however, and there I hope and trust I shall have the honour of becoming known to Mr Merdle. It is an honour I particularly desire and shall particularly esteem. Mr Merdle, I am sure, will particularly esteem it, too. I am minded to consult with Mr Merdle as to the disposal of my fortune in his new bank, of which I have read so much in the papers. I am sure Mr Merdle will be happy to advise you, Mr Dorrit. So pleasant to meet you. Good day. Edmund. Edmund! Come. "My dear Mr Merdle, I need you to do something for my boy. "Having got him away from that little dancer once, "I now find him in her clutches again, here in Venice. "I need you to find him a job, a post, an occupation. "The family is rich now, but leopards don't change their spots. "She has that look in her eye that clearly announces "she intends to take a terrible revenge upon me. "In the meantime, I shall expect you to make arrangements on his behalf. "Time is of the essence." Will there be anything further, sir? I, erm... I believe I need to hold a dinner. A dinner. Very good, sir. Merdle's Bank, Mr Clennam. I've been into it, I've made the calculations. I had my doubts at first, it seemed too good to be true, but Merdle's bank is solid, genuine, it is copper-bottom guaranteed, and it is yielding 20% per annum. Do you think you'd put your ?1,000 reward from Mr Dorrit into it? I've already done it, sir, I've already done it. Really? Well, you surprise me. Yeah, I surprised myself until I went into it, and that's what you should do, on your own behalf and for the firm. You couldn't do better. Why should we leave all the games for the glutton, names and imposters? You owe it to your partner, make him rich. He deserves it, if anyone does. Go in and win. - What if it's go in and lose? Nah, couldn't do it, I've looked into it. Name up everywhere, immense resources, enormous capital, high connections, government influence, can't be done. Well, I'll think it over, Mr Pancks. No need to think it over, Mr Clennam, cos I've done the thinking for you. All you have to do is go in and win. Rent day! That'll do you no good, my friend! I'll be back Friday, you be sure you've got it then! What you looking at?! Sorry, Mr Pancks! Rent! All right, Mrs Plornish, just a social call. Not to deceive you, sir, we can't complain. All going very steady. Padrona! Padrona! Hello, old chap. Altro, altro! Padrona! What is it? I see him! Chiusa la porta, per favore! Close the door, please! Steady on, old chap, don't take on. E ope you no fright. What 'appen? Peaka Padrona! - I see 'im. - 'Im? Who 'im? He's a bad man. Why you frightened of this man? Because he said he would eat me. Stone me, that's a bit rich! What's he called, this bad man? Rigaud. Patience! You will all get in by and by! Here comes Mr Merdle now. Make way! Excuse me, excuse me. Excuse me. They've been queuing for hours, Mr Merdle. What, to get their money out? No, no, no, sir! To get it in! I'm greatly obliged to you, er...Mr Gowan, for undertaking this commission. I can't think why I never had my portrait painted before. If you intend to throw away 100 guineas on a portrait, you may as well throw them away upon me. I am sure you'll do excellently, Mr Gowan, and I look forward to making your better acquaintance in our characters of private gentleman. Private gentlemen? Well put! You are very good, sir. I have not quite foresworn society, nor been foresworn by it, since I became a jobbing painter. Then, erm...perhaps you and Mrs Gowan would do me the honour of joining us for dinner this evening. Delighted, sir. Now, if you would be so kind as to remain as still and quiet as you can. Excellent. Excellent. And how is your charming French friend? Monsieur Blandois has returned to London. And good riddance. He was amusing company for a time, but he grew wearisome. And my dear little wife suspects him of much more heinous crimes, don't you, my love? Lion is dead. He poisoned him. I'm sure of it. I believe he is capable of anything. Yes, we received another letter from Pet yesterday. She says she's well and happy, and I suppose we must believe her. Why should you not? You know very well why not, Clennam. We think that she would have been a good deal happier, and we certainly would have been a good deal happier, if she had married you instead. Oh, I doubt that, Mr Meagles. Well, what is done is done, and that's an end of it. She's seeing a good deal of your little friend Miss Dorrit, whom she cares for very much, so that's good news. Now, what about you? How's Doyce and Clennam coming along? Very well, but I want to ask your advice on something. Fire away, my friend. I'm trying to persuade Doyce to expand the factory. Excellent idea! But I need to build up our capital first, and everyone I speak to says Merdle is the man. What's your opinion? Well, Merdle is a phenomenon. stocks seem to double in value every year I would say get in while you can, my friend. Mr Meagles! Will you please come directly? We have a visitor! And when did you last hear of my poor dear fellow? And the dear pretty one, how is she faring in her delicate condition? Have you had later news of her than I have? Oh, we heard, but yesterday, both well and happy. I'm sure it's a great comfort to know that they continue happy. I suppose that they're as poor as church mice, Papa Meagles? They have an allowance from me, which should be quite sufficient. I trust they can manage on it. My dearest Meagles! How can you talk of managing on their little means? Well, ma'am, I do have to say that Henry does anticipate his means. Well, of course he does! Remember that my poor fellow has always been accustomed to expectations, and now he is faced with the announcement that he is to expect a baby, with all the expenses attendant upon that. Well, it is to be hoped that Pretty One will do everything she can to keep my poor dear fellow happy. And also to be hoped that he does his best to deserve her. Deserve her?! Ah-ha! Papa and Mamma Meagles, I think we'd better say no more about it. We never did see eye to eye about the subject, and I dare say we never shall. Yes, if we were to say no more about it, that'd be a good idea. But let us try to be fair. Don't you pity Henry and we will try not to pity Pet. This is not a marriage that any of us wanted, but it's done now and we all have to live with it. Oh, Mr Meagles, what a deceiver you are, to be sure. We all know very well how you schemed for this match, which I opposed and objected to from the first to the last, and only finally gave my very unwilling consent, - as Mr Clennam knows. - Oh, really, ma'am... Mr Clennam knows nothing of the sort. Mr Clennam knows I did my damnedest to try to prevent my daughter from marrying your idle, scoffing, shallow waster of a son! And by God, I wish I'd succeeded! Oh, dear. This only goes to show how impossible it is for people from such different social classes to get along together. It never does, does it? Good day. Would you be so kind as to escort me to my carriage, Mr Clennam? Thank you. (Keep it safe now.) Shall we go? Mr Clennam, ma'am. Drat me if he ain't come back again! Oh, good gracious! Arthur! Doyce and Clennam - what a surprise and a start! Yes. Um... Where have they gone? Those dear days never to be spoken of - where indeed? - No, I meant Miss Wade. - What? I came because I am anxious to speak with a young woman who is here now, with Mr Casby no doubt. Oh! Well, Papa sees so many and such odd people, and if it weren't for you, I should never venture down at all. But for you, I should go down in a diving bell! A young woman? And is she, your young woman, I wonder? But what is that to do with me? Those days are long past and forgotten. I'll go directly. If you'll mind Mr F's aunt while I'm gone? None of your eyes at me! Take it! Take it! - Eat it. - I'm not hungry, ma'am. Oooh! He's got a proud stomach, this chap. Give him a meal of chaff! She's in fine spirits. Father will see you now. - Let me take you down. - Chaff! Yes, I'll get him a meal of chaff! Oh, such an inconvenient staircase! Would you mind putting your arm around me, please? That's better! Make him eat it up, every morsel! Ooh! Oh! Oh, I do beg your pardon! Don't tell Papa, whatever you do! Ah! Ah, Mr Clennam. Please do sit down. Please, do sit down. Miss Wade has already gone? Oh, to be sure, Miss Wade. Yes, Miss Wade has gone. And you wish to see her? What a pity. What a pity! She had an attendant with her. I particularly wanted to speak to her. Well, yes. A fine, full-coloured young woman. Very dark hair, very dark eyes. And you wished to speak to her, did you? She appeared to be in some distress. I wanted to know that she was well. A fine-looking young woman. Well, well. What a pity. If only you had sent in to me when they were here, you could have seen for yourself. Goodnight, Mr Clennam! (I suppose they were really gone?) Oh, yes. She don't stay long when she comes. - What do you know about Miss Wade? - Not much. She don't know much about herself. She's someone's child, but as to whose, she got no more idea than I have. Never did, never will. Somebody's left money in trust for her. And he doles it out. That's what she come here for. I saw her with a man, as if she was doing some kind of business. If it's a contract, I hope he's exact in it. I wouldn't trust myself with her if I had wronged her. Good God. May I know your name, sir, and your business here? I might ask the same of you, my impetuous friend. I am Blandois of Paris, here on a matter of confidential business with the old lady. And you? Oh, Lor'! Ah, the beautiful Mrs Flintwinch! Mrs Flintwinch, Blandois has returned! Madame will wish to see me immediately. Who is it, Affery? It's Mr Arthur, ma'am, and that man again. Monsieur Arthur? The son and heir? My compliments to you, monsieur! I am delighted to know you! Let them both come up! After you, monsieur! I saw you earlier this evening, sir, in the company of two ladies of my acquaintance - a Miss Wade and her attendant, Miss Tattycoram. Might I ask what your business was with them? Private business, monsieur. A gentleman never tells of his business with the ladies. My dear Mrs Clennam! May I beg you to present me to your son? I fear he is suspicious of me. He is not polite! If I were master of this house I'd make sure you never set foot in it, sir. But you are not, Arthur. You have resigned from the business, and who comes to the house and who does not has nothing to do with you. Ah! Charmant! My little pig! And now, Arthur, perhaps you would leave us to our business. I am reluctant to leave you with this man. Allow me to know what is best for the business that you abandoned. Good night. You see, Monsieur Clennam? I am a friend here, a trusted friend. I think you are a scoundrel, sir. Were you anyone else, I would have struck you dead for those words. But, as you are the son of this honoured lady here, I wish you goodnight, my dear sir. Affery, what in Heaven's name is going on here? I don't know. I don't know! You're not to ask me anything! You mustn't ask me, Arthur! Go away! I believe you have something to hide, madame. And so, what I have to sell... is my silence, my discretion. Goodbye, my dear old Flintwinch! Now, tell your mistress she must think again, or Blandois will bring her house to ruin. £1,000, not a penny less. You know what I have. Hmm? Make the old lady see sense, or the House of Clennam, it comes tumbling down! Bonne nuit, little Flintwinch! Is he gone? Yes, he's gone. Will she be wanting her beef tea, Jeremiah? No, she won't want her beef tea. Now, just stay down here and stay out of me way, unless I call for you! Come up here! Flintwinch, that man is not to be admitted to this house again. Is that wise? Why should it not be? What can he know, after all? Nothing. Those papers in the box were destroyed long since. Weren't they? - Of course they were. - Then we have nothing to fear. We might give him the thousand - for the sake of peace and quiet. Flintwinch, have you taken leave of your senses? The man knows nothing. He is not to be seen here again, Flintwinch. Or heard of again. Do I make myself clear? Quite clear. Good. This is him. He is called Rigaud and he is a killer. - Here he is in my bosom. - Madam, please. No! The official hand bill. I suppose you know what this means, little sister. What the devil are you doing here? - I brought a few cigars. - Damn them! I don't smoke! This is a serious matter. The authorities clearly believe that this man has been murdered. And I am suspected, am I? - Subt?tulo no traducido - - Subt?tulo no traducido - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 