Little Dorrit: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Little Dorrit 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Little Dorrit (2008): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 Pa and Ma Meagles arrive in Venice as Pet gives birth to a son, assisted by her good friend Amy. For all their differences Amy and Fanny are mutually horrified to see Mrs. General woo their father and Fanny finally marries Sparkler, to escape having to have Mrs. General as a step-mother. Amy is deeply upset when her father forbids her to return to London with the newly-weds. Due to Mr. Merdle's influence Sparkler is given a job at the Circumlocution Office. The sycophantic Dorrit congratulates him but Mr. Meagles is critical of the office's uselessness and tells him to recall how Arthur used to canvass there in vain on his behalf. He is not pleased to be reminded of his past. In London 'Wanted' posters appear for Rigaud. He was the last person to be seen with Flintwinch's twin before he did away with him for Mrs. Clennam's box. Cavaletto informs Arthur that the man is a dangerous criminal, and Arthur goes to warn his mother but she is dismissive of his anxieties and sends him away. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BELLS RINGING) (MAN YELLING IN DISTANCE) Amy? Yes? Has it ever struck you that Papa and Mrs General are becoming very fond of each other's company? What do you mean, Fanny? I mean that Mrs General has designs upon Papa and he is not adverse to being designed upon! How should you like Mrs General for a mama, Amy? I... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't think I should like it very much. I shouldn't like it at all. I couldn't bear it! I wouldn't bear it. I'd marry Sparkler first. Oh, Fanny. You said you'd never marry Mr Sparkler! Circumstances alter cases. Consider! You may be wrong about Father and Mrs General. I may be... but I am not. AMY: Dear Mr Clennam, we are still in Venice and my dear father and Fanny have adapted themselves to our new fortune with wonderful ease, I, however, have not been able to do so, Mrs General is always with us and takes great pains to teach me, but I find my mind wandering to my old cares, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then I remember that there are no such cares left and I feel strangely lost, I have found great solace in Mrs Gowan 's company during these recent times, and I visit her almost every day in her confinement, (DISTRESSED PANTING) (PET SCREAMS) The cloth, please. (SCREAMING CONTINUES) (PET SCREAMS) We have no idea what women go through in these times, Gowan. So I understand, yes. Yes, I know that you feel as I do. We wish we could bear the pain for them, but we can't. Absolutely, absolutely. Fatherhood! What a potent mixture of joy and anxiety it is. Oh, Pet... You'll discover that for yourself, and it'll be the making of you as a man. (WHISPERING) Pompous buffoon! Sorry? (BABY CRIES) A little boy! And both well! Oh, thank God! Thank God! AMY: Mrs Gowan has had a little boy, to be called Henry, after his father, He is a beautiful child, as you would expect, Mrs Gowan likes me to be near her and help her look after little Henry, which gives me great pleasure, So your Little Dorrit is a great deal happier now and content to still be in Italy for the time being, Amy! I have a bone to pick with you. Oh? Could it wait till this evening, Fanny? I was just going out. - Where, may I ask? - To meet Mrs Gowan. That is just what I wanted to mention to you. Now, you may not realise it, dear, but you're letting us all down again. You've turned yourself into a nursemaid for that Gowan family and it's reflecting upon us. You'll have everybody thinking you're a common servant! - Would it be so very bad if they did? - Yes, it would. I am determined Mrs Merdle shouldn't have anything to sneer about. But Mrs Gowan likes to have me near her. I'm not saying you should never go to them. Just don't let them take advantage of you, dear. We're ladies of leisure now. I don't think I shall ever learn to be a lady of leisure, Fanny. Now, that is not the spirit, is it?! Of course it is hard. It's downright boring sometimes, but one just has to work at it. Do you not think I sometimes long to go back to my dancing and do my high kicks in the grand people's faces? Do you really, Fanny? Do I ever?! One, two, three, kick! Five, six, seven, kick! Right in their silly, astonished faces! (SIGHS) But it wouldn't do, so I don't do it. So, you see, we all have to make sacrifices. Even Sparkler's making sacrifices. I'm teaching him not to say, "I'm a damn fine girl with no biggod nonsense about me", and he's getting a job. What? Here, in Italy? No, in England. Mr Merdle's going to get him one. Mr Merdle, he can do anything. MAN: The first Lord ofthe Treasury, The Lord Chancellor. The Bishop of Southwark. Mr Eustace Barnacle of the Circumlocution Office. Mr Septimus Barnacle of the Circumlocution Office. Mr Tite Barnacle, Principal of the Circumlocution Office. Lord Decimus Barnacle, First Lord of the Circumlocution Office. Mr Ferdinand Barnacle... A lot of Barnacles tonight. They all come out for Merdle. I understand this evening is about a little bit of jobbery. Mrs Merdle's son by her previous marriage, name of Sparkler. - Do you know the boy? - Nice young fellow. Absolutely nothing between the ears at all. - A total blank. - They're fixing him up with something at the Circumlocution Office. Well, I suppose he'll do no harm there. No good either. Come on. (MEN LAUGHING, CUTLERY CLATTERING) And so we pass, gentlemen, through various changes of life, from Eton pears to Parliamentary pairs! Excellent, sir, never heard you on such good form! We are all sorry not to have the pleasure of Mrs Merdle's company this evening. She is in Italy, sir. Ah, Mrs Merdle's son has been spoken of...Mr Sprinkler? - Mr Sparkler, sir. - Sparkler, of course. He was mentioned in the context of a possible opening? If you please, sir. Is he here this evening? In Italy, with Mrs Merdle. Ah, well... It's not indispensable that he should actually be on the spot. The magic name of Merdle will suffice. Quite so. I think we may consider it settled. Thank you, sir. (STRINGED INSTRUMENTS PLAYING) (MUSIC STOPS) Bravo! Yes! Dear Edmund is to be one of the Lords of the Circumlocution Office. I expect you may have seen the notice in the Times. What a pity it will take him away from us all. Congratulations, old fellow! Feet under the table now, eh? Well done! Well, point of fact, didn't actually do anything. Thing just happened. It's a total mystery to me. It will keep him in town a good deal and he prefers the country, don't you, Edmund? Well, I am fond of ratting with a couple of good terriers. Not much ratting in Venice. Lot of rats, though. Odd, that. - Edmund. - Yes? - Be quiet. - Right. Still, though the Circumlocution may not be ideally suited to Edmund's talents, it is a position - and not a disagreeable one. - Quite. And without wishing to disparage Mr Sparkler's abilities, I think we must see the appointment as a compliment to Mr Merdle - the man of the age! Thank you, Mr Dorrit, that may well be so. (POLITE CHATTER) - How we do fret about our children. - How indeed. I wish you joy, my dear old fellow! There will be nothing to do and you will do it charmingly! There'll be a handsome salary to draw and you'll draw it charmingly! Eh? I'm delighted to see my dear old donkey so admirably stabled! Well, you know, I... I dare say you wouldn't say no to such a stable yourself, Mr Gowan. Indeed, no, but my relations seem to have sadly overlooked my talents. Leaving you to sponge off the in-laws you affect to despise. I say! You know, Fanny, draw it mild! I'm not sure Miss Dorrit knows how to draw it mild but I am rebuked. I don't suppose it'll make you change your ways, though. No, Miss Dorrit, I don't suppose I will. I suppose I should congratulate you, Mr Sparkler. I've spent a good deal of time at the Circumlocution Office and I never heard one word of sense in all that time. They seem to me the very epitome of how not to do it! Well, you know, I've not got in there yet. It's not as if I'm up to the mark yet. You'll have to forgive me, but all I've seen anyone do at that place is pushing pieces of paper around and giving each other jobs for life and letting the country go to wrack and ruin in the meantime. Barnacles, yes, a well-named family! Steady, Mr Meagles. I must insist, sir, that you do not speak disrespectfully of a very distinguished family. I don't mean to offend anybody, but I speak as I find, Mr Dorrit, and your good friend, Mr Clennam, will say the same. He spent day after day at that place, trying to get some sense out of them about your tangled affairs and precious little good it did him, or you, sir! (VOICES ECHO) Private gentlemen, Well put, You're very good, sir, We should have made each other's acquaintance in London society long since, Aitchoo! (KEYS JANGLING) (DOOR LOCKING) FANNY: Poor Pa, he does suffer so, I felt sorry for Mr and Mrs Meagles too. The Meagleses are all very well. They're happy, they know their place and they don't care tuppence for what the world thinks of them. We, on the other hand, labour under peculiar disadvantages. Don't tell me you don't know what I'm talking about. I'm sure I shall, after a few more words. We're not quite the thing, are we? Some of us look the thing. Pa is very gentlemanly but he's terrified of people knowing what he once was. And Uncle, though a dear creature, is altogether unpresentable. Edward is frightfully expensive and dissipated. He isn't even any good at it - the, um...dissipation, I mean. Then there's you and me. And we don't have a mother but we do have a Mrs General, who goes about like a cat in gloves and she WILL catch a mouse and the mouse she'll catch IS Papa. Fanny! I refuse to be step-mothered by Mrs General. The sooner I become Mrs Sparkler, the better. He has a good position now and I don't think a clever husband should suit me. I shouldn't be able to defer to him enough. But Fanny, if you loved someone, that feeling would change. I know it would. Oh! You know that, do you? Oh, bless me! How much some people know about some subjects! Well, they say everybody has a subject, and we've hit upon yours! Don't tease me, Fanny. It's only in fun, little one. Fanny... you do deserve someone you love. Well... maybe I do, but there he is. And as Mrs Sparkler, I shall be able to torment his mother - that piece of insolence - for the rest of her life. That little dancer she gave her old bangle to, she'll dance through her life. Now, there is a face I'd like to land a good high kick on! Fanny, you wouldn't marry Mr Sparkler just to annoy Mrs Merdle? Don't look so anxious. We've talked it over comfortably. Now it's time for bed. Oh, you are the best and dearest little mouse, Amy. Good night. (WILLIAM DORRIT MUTTERING) I refuse to know you, sir. I refuse to know you. Father? - Not in bed yet? - No, no, I, er... Let me help you to bed, Father. Help me? - I am perfectly capable. - I know, Father. But I should like to help you... as I used to. You should say "Papa", you know. I know. I keep forgetting. Miss Amy Dorrit, what are we to do with you? I don't know, Papa. I'm a disgrace, aren't I? I fear you are. But you're a good girl, Amy, for all that. You're a good girl. Ah, Mr Blandois! Very prompt. Very punctual. Always, for you, my dear little Flintwinch. Let's go in here and have a few glasses and talk it over. They know me here. They don't know me here. Well, let's put that right, shall we? (DOG BARKING) Have you seen this, Mr Clennam? I know that man! Blan-doys. Blandois, a Frenchman. Last seen at Clennam & Co. Surely they don't suspect my mother of foul play, do they? They wouldn't issue a handbill like this if they didn't. My God. On your way! How did it seem to you, Mr Clennam, when you saw this man at your mother's house? - She said she had some business with him. - Any idea what this business was? My mother has never in her life taken me into her confidence. Try her again, Mr Clennam. She's in trouble now. The old girl will have to swallow her pride and accept your help. - Well, we'll see. - Signore! Signore! Signore! This is him! The bad man! You know him? You know Blandois? No, no, no, no. No Blandois! He is called Rigaud and he is a killer! Good day, Constable. Flintwinch, what's going on here? What did the constable want to know? No need to worry, Arthur. We're right as rain here, we are. Here he is. How are you, Mother? I am exactly as I was the last time you called here, Arthur. I'm relieved to hear it, after your visit from that Frenchman. You were right to suspect him. He is not as he presented himself. - And now he has disappeared? - Yes. And what did he want here? What does he have to do with you? That is not your concern. You have severed all connections with the firm. I am still your son, Mother. I am concerned about you. There is no need to be. Monsieur Blandois, if that is indeed his real name, came to Clennam & Company with a business proposition which, after consideration, we declined. He left. That is all. And that is what I told the constable. I have been told that this man is a notorious criminal. I'm glad I have nothing to do with him. Mother, this is a serious matter. The authorities believe this man has been murdered. Do they indeed? And I am suspected, am I? Then let them produce the body and show how a woman paralysed, confined to this chair, could have committed the crime. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm rather tired. Yes, of course. Mother...I worry about you, trapped up here in this room. I've hardly seen you since I got back from China. I'd like to call on you more often, make sure that you're well. That won't be necessary. I may be paralysed... but I'm not a weakling, like your father was. Goodbye, Arthur. Shut the doors. (CHURCH BELLS RINGING) (COUGHS SOFTLY) - Oh! - Oh, indeed! I suppose you know what this means, little sister? You mean you...? She's as beautiful as she's doted on and there's no nonsense about her. It's all arranged. - No need to explain, Edmund. - No, my love. In short, we're engaged. We just tell Papa and there's nothing more to say about it. My dear Fanny, I should like to say a word to Amy. Must you? I think I must, my love! Well, go on, then. My dear Amy, if ever there was a girl, next to your highly endowed and beautiful sister, - who had no nonsense about her... - Edmund! -...not one atom of... - Edmund! I know it's a habit of mine, for which I apologise, but she really hasn't got the least little bit... What I wished to declare is that, though I may not be up to the mark on some subjects, on the subject of Amy, I am up to the mark. And when we are at home in London, a knife and, er... fork and an apartment will always be at Amy's disposal. There... So... Ah. Yes. There, there. It'll be all right. I promise. My dear Fanny, I am delighted. On the arm of Mr Sparkler, you will move in circles at the very pinnacle of society. Your noble ambition finds harmonious echoes in my heart. You are a child brimful of duty and good principle. Thank you, Papa. Mark and learn, Amy. Mark and learn. AMY: Dear Mr Clennam, I received some news last night which allows me to hope that I may soon be leaving Italy and returning to London, My sister Fanny and Edmund Sparkler are to be married, Mr Sparkler has secured a position at the Circumlocution Office, and as soon as they are married, he and Fanny will travel to England to start their new life, It is my dearest wish to travel with them but I think I must wait so that I may travel with my father, In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti. Amen. Now that your sister is married, she and her husband will travel to London to take up residence in the Merdle household. I myself intend to travel with them. I've some affairs to settle in London - investments and so forth. Indeed, I hope to consult with Mr Merdle about them. So we shall all go back together? No. Edward is going to do some exploring, I believe, and you and your uncle, Frederick, will stay here. You will, of course, be under the excellent supervision of Mrs General. Couldn't I travel with you and look after you on the journey and...? Whatever makes you think I need looking after? (CHUCKLES) No, no, no. Much better that you stay here. It is to be hoped, Amy, that one day, you too will find a husband but Mrs General and I agree that you have some way to go yet before that may be possible. To be frank, my dear, you're not yet quite presentable... in society. Mrs General has a little more... a little more forming to do, in your case. Isn't that so, Mrs General? I fear it is, Mr Dorrit. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 