Little Dorrit: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Little Dorrit 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Little Dorrit (2008): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Arthur again visits Amy at the prison, where he meets her friend Maggy, a girl who has been left with the mind of a child by illness. He goes to the Bleeding Heart Yard to pay off Tip's creditor and meets the very large Plornish family,who despise Pancks, the grasping rent-collector, but are full of praise for Christopher Casby, the owner of the yard and his employer. Arthur knows Casby because, years earlier he had wanted to marry Casby's daughter Flora but their parents stopped them. Casby advises him that, in order to cancel the Dorrit family debts, he should go to the Circumlocution Office, which he does, but is stone-walled by two officials, Tite Barnacle and Tite Barnacle junior, who tell him that so much work would be involved it is not worth it. Leaving the office, he meets Mr. Meagles who introduces him to Daniel Doyce, a budding inventor. Arthur has already told his mother he is leaving her firm and considers becoming Doyce's business partner. In the evening he goes to Casby's for a dinner party, where he meets again with Flora, now chubby and garrulous. She has married a Mr. Finching but was widowed and has to look after Mr. F's aunt, a mad old woman who shouts at people. In France Cavaletto re-encounters Rigaud, now calling himself Lagnier. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm prepared to take you on approval. You may start this very day. Will that suit? Yes, ma'am, I could murder you, here and now. Your mother, Arthur. Put it right. Our family business was always driving hard bargains, and grasping at money. Might it be possible that he wronged someone and made no reparation for it? How dare you! Didn't care to divulge her address. Nor would you if you lived in a debtor's prison, Flintwinch. - Why did you follow me? - About my mother's reasons for employing you. - You're here for the night now. - Good God. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ... ... Good morning. - Good morning, Miss Amy. - Good morning, John. - How are you today? - All...all... all the better for seeing you, Amy. Oh, oh, Miss? That gentleman who came to visit your pa, Mr Clennam. Yes? He got locked in last night. Oh! I did warn him. I...I was wondering, might you want to see him? He's in...he's in the snuggery. No thank you, John, I'd rather not. Very good, Miss Dorrit. In fact, excellent. First class. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Great! Morning! Morning, sir. Sleep well? I've had worse nights. Um, has the gate been open long? About two minutes, sir. Might I ask, has Miss Dorrit gone out yet? Yes, sir, she has...just now. Thank you! Good morning! Oh blow. Oh, good morning, Miss Dorrit. Oh, morning. Are you on your way to my mother's? I'm not wanted there today. I am going to meet a friend. May I walk with you? What is it you want from me, sir? It makes me uncomfortable that you followed me home last night, and I wish you had not done so. I apologise, my intentions were entirely honourable. I believe there is a connection between your family and mine. I even think it possible that the House of Clennam might be responsible for the misfortunes that have befallen your family, and I should like to do something to help, if I can. I am truly sorry if I've embarrassed you. Will you accept my apology? I was sorry to hear you were locked in last night, Mr Clennam. Ah, my own fault. You warned me often enough. I hope you weren't too uncomfortable. Not a bit of it. Slept like a top. I was rather short with you last night, and just now. You were so generous to Father yesterday Mr Clennam. I hope... - What? - I hope you won't misunderstand my father. Don't judge him as you judge other people, people outside the gates. - He's been there so long! - Of course. Oh, dear. Let's take some shelter. Look, there's a coffee shop. Let's sit there. Coffee for two please. Very good, sir. What is it? Only that I've never been in a place like this before. No? What d'you think of it? I think it is very grand. Would you tell me a little more about your father? He is really very much respected. Everyone who comes in to the Marshalsea is glad to know him. And he is not to blame for being in need. Of course not. Do you know, does your father have a great many creditors? A great many. Why? Do you think your family might be one of them? If so, I should certainly like to release him from that obligation. Who might I talk to about his case? I don't know, sir. It was before I was born. I don't know anything about the debts that brought him here. I think he scarcely knows himself. It is monstrous that a man should be in prison simply because he owes money. How can he find the means to repay his debt? I am sorry, sir, but I think it suits him very well to be where he is. You see, even if he were released, he might not be so gently dealt with outside as he is there. People might not think so well of him. And your brother? Is he to languish there too? I hope not, sir. He's in debt to a horse dealer in Bleeding Heart Yard but I am paying out when I am by. Little mother! Oh, Maggy! That's it! That's it! That's got 'em! Ahhh, he's a good boy! This is Mr Clennam, Maggy. Maggy is the granddaughter of my old nurse, who's been dead a long time. Maggy, how old are you? Ten. Ten! That's right. When Maggy was ten, she had a bad fever, didn't you? She's never grown any older ever since. Ah. It was ever so nice in the hospital. Was it? Such beds there is there! Lemonade and chicken and... It does sound very tempty. I would have liked to have stayed there, but I couldn't. She knows how to read, and does her own errands. - She supports herself entirely, don't you, Maggie? - Yes, I do. Who are you again? Mr Clennam, Maggy. And he's a friend of yours, is he, mother? Yes, he is. What is it that you intend to do about Arthur? Why? What have I done? What have you not done, rather? You never gave Arthur's father a chance to redeem himself, and you never gave Arthur a chance either! There! How do you justify that? I don't have to justify it to you, Flintwinch. I justify it to myself, and there's an end of it. I justify it by the authority of these books. Never mind that. I've been faithful to you, and I'm attached to you, but I won't be swallowed up by you! I won't take it! So you say. But you have taken it long enough, and if you stay here you will continue to take it. What I have done and not done is between me and my maker and there's an end on it. I'm very sorry, Mr Pancks. Very sorry won't do it, Mr Plornish! - Very sorry won't do it! - I'll tell you what will do it - - half a crown and not a penny less! - I haven't got it, Mr Pancks. - What do you mean you haven't got it? - What have you done with it? You want the premises, but you don't want to pay the rent! He does want to, Mr Pancks. It's just that work's been very slack just lately, not to deceive you... I've heard it all before, Mrs Plornish, I've heard it all before. How much have you got? I've got a shilling, Mr Pancks. Give it here. Plornish, one shilling. I'll be back on Friday for the rest. Don't suppose you want any plastering done, Mr Pancks? If I do, Mr Plornish, you'll be the first to know about it! Rent day, rent day! Pardon me. I'm looking for a horse dealer. Captain Slingo? He's just across the yard. Mind you. I wouldn't buy no horse off him, sir. Oh, I don't intend to. I'm here to settle a debt. Oh, are you? Word of advice, sir, no need to pay more than ten shilling in the pound. He'll be glad to get it. Thank you, Mr...? Plornish, sir. Ah, he's a lovely landlord, is our Mr Casby. I'll introduce you to him if you like? Oh, no need. Mr Casby and I are old acquaintances. Such a kindly landlord. If only his rent collector was more like him. Rent day, rent day! Are you Mr Slingo? Yes? My name is Clennam. I am a friend of Edward Dorrit's. I understand he's in debt to you, I should like to settle that debt. £40, Mr Clennam, not a penny less. Well, there's 20. It's yours when you sign a full release. I'll take that, and give you a month to make up the other £20. How's that? That doesn't suit. The offer's £20. Take it or leave it. Well. I'll tell you what I'll do. Give me another ten down and I'll run my pen clean through it. That won't suit either. Good day to you, sir. Hold on, hold on! That, that young scamp has used me bad, but if you give me another £5 and a bottle of wine, and if you mean done, say done, and if you don't like it, leave it. How's that? Twenty pounds, in full and final settlement. Hand over, then. Does Mr Casby still live in the old house at Grays Inn Road? He does. Slingo... Slingo! So your respected father is no more. I was grieved to hear it, Mr Clennam. I was grieved. My father... died with something troubling his mind. Dear, dear. I am sorry to hear that. I would like to put it right if I can, but my mother cannot or will not tell me what it was. Something troubling his mind. You and he were close in the past, Mr Casby and I wondered if you might know what it was. I? Oh, dear me no. No idea, No idea at all, I'm sorry to say. If your mother cannot tell you, you could hardly expect me to know. Mr Casby, I understand it was you who brought the young seamstress, Amy Dorrit, to the attention of my mother? Indeed, indeed. One of my tenants told me the young girl was looking for work. A Mr Plornish. One tries to do what one can for them...what one can. She seems a kind, gentle girl and I should like to do what I can for her and her family. Do you know where I might seek information about her father's case? Well, you could do worse than try the Circumlocution Office. Most public matters are referred to the Circumlocution Office. Thank you. - Thank you, Mr Casby. - If you care to join us for dinner tonight, my daughter Flora would be glad to see you. You were childhood sweethearts, were you not? And rather cruelly driven apart, Mr Casby, if you remember. For a reason I never understood. Ah, well, you know, there were considerations, you know, but let's not let them spoil her joy, Mr Clennam. - Mr Clennam? - Yes, sir. This is most irregular. Forgive me if I am ignorant of the proper forms. I've been working abroad for some years. I am making enquiries into the case of a Mr Dorrit, who has been a debtor in the Marshalsea prison for many years. Would you be able to tell me who's handling his case? Ah. Would it be you, sir? Possibly. On behalf of the Crown, or in relation to claims made by other creditors? The Circumlocution Office may have made a recommendation that some public claim against this person should be enforced. Then I assume that to be the case. The Circumlocution Office is not responsible for any gentleman's assumptions, sir. Then how can I find out the true facts? Have you an interest in this case? I think my family may have, sir. Then you should make enquiries at the appropriate branch of the Department. The Department is accessible to the...public. If the public does not approach it according to the official forms, the public has itself to blame. - I thought this was the appropriate branch of the department. - Oh, dear. Jenkins, take this gentleman down to Mr Tite Barnacle Junior in the Applications Department. Good day to you, Mr Clennam. Ahem! Ahem! Excuse me, gentlemen but this is Mr Dorrit's bench, the Father of the Marshalsea. At other times, you're welcome to it, of course. Sure that's understood. Thank you, Chivery. Some of these fellows take a little time to learn the ropes. Join you, if I may, Mr Dorrit. Just seen your daughter going out. Quite the little woman now. Chivery, I wish time would stand still and keep her as she is today! But I fear it won't be long before both of our children fly the coop! My John will never fly the coop, Mr Dorrit. He'll take over from me at the gatehouse, one of these days and be very proud to do so. And look after his old father, eh? Exactly so, sir. This way sir. He's very loving, sir... and very loyal. I've managed to find you a room to yourself sir. Your son's a fine young man, Chivery. A fine young man. What are the claims this department makes on Mr William Dorrit? Oh, no. Oh, no. That's...that's not the way to do it. Upon my soul, you mustn't just barge in here saying you want to know, you know. But I do want to know, and I shall persevere until I do know. Upon my soul, you stick to it in a devil of a manner! I can give you some forms to fill in if you like. They'll go round various departments probably come back here from time to time, Nothing will come of it in the end, I promise you that. You had much better just give it up. That's what most men do. Surely this is not the way to get things done! You might think so. But that is how we do things at the Circumlocution Office. What a bunch of unmitigated rascals! I shall never come here again! How is a man to get anything done in this benighted country! Mr Meagles! Good Lord! Clennam! How d'you do? You wouldn't suppose this man here to be a notorious rascal, would you? Certainly not. And you would be right! All he's done to offend these scoundrels in there is to try to do something to help his country! Oh, Clennam, allow me to introduce my good friend, Daniel Doyce. - How do you do? - You're not making yourself clear, Mr Meagles. I'm an engineer and an inventor, Mr Clennam. And a thorn in the side of those idiots in the Circumlocution Office! My invention has languished in there for 12 years waiting for them to make their minds up. You have my sympathies sir. Look at them, cool as a cucumber. - Surely you must feel terribly disappointed. - Disappointed? Ah yes, I am disappointed but this is the way of things. - In England! - Yes. If I were to take it abroad, I no doubt would be taken up soon enough. And gain some recognition into the bargain. Clennam, why haven't you been to see us at Twickenham? Come back with me. Unfortunately I have just accepted another invitation. - Well, another time. You promise? - I do. Trouble with abroad is, as Clennam will bear me out, is there are just as many villains as there are here. Messieurs, madame. Bon soir. A curse on this filthy weather! Monsieur has travelled far? Far enough. Do you have a bed for me tonight, madame? And some food, as quickly as you can and some wine immediately! D'accord, monsieur. So they let him go? That murdering devil. Where is he now, huh? Nobody knows. Ah they should have let the mob get at him. They would have made short work of him. To whom do you refer, madame? That murderer, Rigaud, of course. You haven't heard of him? I arrived in the country only yesterday. So, if this man was guilty, why did they let him go? Not enough evidence. He must have bribed the witnesses, or threatened them. Or perhaps he was innocent. That monster? Never! Might one know your name, monsieur? My name, monsieur is er... ..Lagnier. Lagnier! Goodness, where can she have got to? I'll...I'll just go. Excuse me. Arthur! Oh, Arthur! Mr Clennam, I should say! Oh, dear, I am so ashamed, I'm a mere fright, I'm sure you find me fearfully changed. I'm just an old widow now. It's shocking to be so found out, it's really shocking! No, indeed. Time hasn't exactly stood still with me either. Oh! Then you do find me changed and I am. It's so dreadful. People who don't know us might suppose I'm Papa's Mama! No, no. No, that must be a long time hence. Oh, Mr Clennam! Insincerest of creatures! Excuse me. Oh! Papa! Don't go yet! Oh, he's gone. But you'll stay, Arthur. I promise not to say a word about the dear old days gone for ever because of course by now you must be married to some Chinese lady, I expect. No, I'm not married to anyone, Flora. Oh! I hope you haven't kept yourself a bachelor so long on my account! But tell me about the Chinese ladies. My late husband, Mr Finching, had a fancy they were made different down there you know. But how would you know about that, being a bachelor still?! Imagine that! A bachelor! I know I am not what you expected. I know that very well. Don't say that, Flora. And I'm sorry I let them bully me into giving you up, but what was I to do, with Papa and your Mama in the little breakfast room glaring at each other like a pair of mad bulls? Dear Flora, you weren't to blame and I never blamed you. But..but I... Oh, and here's Papa, who is always tiresome and putting his nose where it's not wanted! Mr Pancks will be joining us for dinner. And Mr F's aunt! Mr F left her to me, you know. As a legacy! Bleeding Heart Yard's a troublesome property, ain't it, Mr Casby? Rents are very hard to get. We have more trouble there than with all the other places put together. The people are very poor... They say they are. Mr Casby would be poor himself, if I didn't get his rents for him. True enough, I suppose. We can't keep an open house for all the poor of London. If a man takes a room at half a crown a week, and hasn't got the half a crown, I say why have you got the room, then? If you haven't got the one thing, then why've you got the other? It's very sad, but there we are. There we are, you know. And then they end up in the debtors' prison, like young Amy Dorrit, with no chance whatsoever of paying their way. It's utterly senseless. Well... she's lucky enough to have her seamstress work at Mrs Clennam's and to have a good friend in you, Mr Clennam, a good friend in you. When we lived at Henley, Barnes's gander was stolen by tinkers. All right, ma'am. Time for your rest. Good night, Arthur. Mr Clennam, I should say. Come again. Well, what'd he come here for, anyway? Get off me, let go. Here's your room, Monsieur Lagnier. He won't bother you, sir. Good as gold he is, little Italian gentleman. Ca va bien? Mamma. Porca Madonna! Monsieur Rigaud! My name is Lagnier now. Lagnier! Where are you travelling to now, huh, my little imbecile? Dove vai? To England, sir. To England. I too! We can travel there together, little Cavalletto! Altro, altro! Altro, altro, very good. Go to sleep now. I have to...get my rest. Did he say Rigaud? Non, non, madame, Lagnier. KISSING Lagnier. Good night, Mr Clennam. Good night, Mr Pancks. Mr Clennam, just a thought, sir. You not one of the Clennams of Cornwall by any chance, sir? Not that I know of. Pity. There's a Cornish property going begging, and not a Cornish Clennam to have it for the asking. I take an interest in such things, Mr Clennam, between you and me. I keep an eye out for them. I'm a bit of a detective on the quiet, sir. Well, never mind, wish you goodnight, sir. Mr Pancks? Might you be interested in doing a little detecting work for me? I might. I need to find out as much as possible about a man held in the Marshalsea for debt. Name of party? William Dorrit. You think he might have been wronged in some way? I've made enquiries, but to little avail. Not surprised. Not your line. You leave it to me. If there's a trail worth following, I'll follow it. And you'll keep me informed. And keep you informed, sir. Thank you, Mr Pancks. We're here to see my sister, Fanny Dorrit. So am I! Edmund Sparkler. Don't come here at night, Amy, you cramp my style. Harriet. You mustn't be afraid of yourself, Harriet. Guard it with your life. I set my heart on her Pa. It looks like you've got a rival John. Subt?tulos Enigma132000 www.tusseries.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 