Little Dorrit: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Little Dorrit 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Little Dorrit (2008): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 John Chivery is heart-broken when Amy rejects his marriage proposal, telling him she will never marry, though Arthur is clearly in her thoughts. News gets back to her father, who becomes self-pitying, hoping it will not alter the way John and his father regard him. Arthur Gowan arrives at the Meagles' house. He is the 'unsuitable' young man who fancies Pet, but it is obvious that his presence is not welcomed by her parents, who hint to Arthur that he and she make a fine couple. Arthur returns to London with Daniel Doyce and visits his work-shop in the Bleeding Heart Yard where they formalize their business agreement. Cavaletto comes running into the yard, is knocked down by a horse and cared for by the Plornish family. He is running away from Rigaud, now calling himself Blandois, who goes to see Flintwinch, engaging in dastardly deeds to get a box in the latter's possession. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 John Chivery. Mr and Mrs John Chivery. Mr John Chivery, Head Turnkey of the famous Marshalsea Prison, and his beloved wife... ...Amy. Here lies John Chivery... ...60 years turnkey, and his truly beloved wife... ...Amy. Ah! Young John! How do you do, sir? I've taken the liberty... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Yes? - A few cigars, sir. Oh! Mm. Oh, that's... Yes, oh, that's too... (SNIFFING) Lovely. Put them down, my boy. Miss Amy is out for an airing, you know. By the river, sir? By the river, yes. She seems to like to walk there more than anywhere. You're looking uncommonly smart today, John. Thank you, Mr Dorrit. Are you going anywhere in particular? I thought I might take an airing by the river, sir. What an excellent idea. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes, that's an excellent idea. Young people, they like to take an airing. You wouldn't take her from me, John? I would never do that, Mr Dorrit, never. She would always be here. Of course she would. Of course she would... Well, my boy, you'll find her by the river. By the river. (WOMAN SINGING) (DOG BARKING) Lion! Here, sir! Down! (DOG WHIMPERS) - Hello. Who are you? - My name is Clennam, sir. Henry Gowan. Pretty place, this, don't you think? Your first time here? - Yes. - I think it's paradise. - Henry! - Hello, Minnie! Shall we go in? I've taken the liberty of inviting Mr Tite Barnacle to join us. Do you know him, Clennam? - I do. - Oh. John, is it you? I'm afraid. Did I disturb you? I took the liberty of walking this way because Mr Dorrit chanced to mention you might be here. - Did he? - Have I done something to upset you? We've always been good friends, you and I, haven't we, Amy? Yes, we have. And I hope that we'll continue so, nothing change. But things do change, Amy. That's the way of things, and the way things should be. I think I should go back now. Amy, please let me speak. I shall go mad if I don't. I... I think... You know I've always loved you, ever since we were playfellows. - And I've always been fond of you. - I'd do anything for you! I'd fling myself off that parapet if it would give you a moment's joy. Please don't do that, John. Then put me out of my misery and say you'll be my wife. I'm sorry. I can't do that, John. I am fond of you, but I could never feel about you that way, the way you'd like me to. Well, you might come to. No. Sorry, John. I know I never shall. Then I must ask. Is there someone else? No. That is, I don't expect I shall ever marry. And in truth, I'm quite contented as I am, looking after Father. But I hope you will have a good wife one day, because you deserve one. Please don't cry. I can't help it, Amy. I'd set my heart on you. Good... Goodbye. # Tis the last rose of summer # Left blooming alone # All her lovely companions... # - I say, look here. Who is that fellow? - Friend of our host's. No friend of mine. He's a most ferocious radical, you know. Went up to our place, pitched into my father, pitched into me. - You never heard anything like it. - What did he want? Said he wanted to know. - Never heard anything like it. - Sent him packing, I hope. Well, yes, of course. But, still, the cheek of it! And look at the fellow now! Mmm... I'll take care of that. How about a little duet, Minnie? If you'll excuse me. (JAUNTY PIANO MUSIC) (MINNIE GIGGLING) Do you know Mr Gowan? Yes, I've met him here often enough. He's a painter of sorts, society portraits and so on. Comes from a distant branch of the same family as that young sprig. Born to rule the Earth, and make a botch of everything they turn their hand to. ARTHUR: I thought our good friend Meagles a little down in spirits after Mr Gowan's arrival. Yes. - But not his daughter. - No. The truth is, Meagles has taken his daughter abroad twice in the hope of separating her from Mr Gowan. Ah. - But it hasn't worked? - No. Unfortunately it hasn't. MINNIE: I can't concentrate! Well, well, there we are. It's not right and it's not fair, but what's to be done? They always was a proud lot, the Dorrits, but I thought she was something different. I won't have a word said against her, Pa. You'll get over it, son. I never shall, though. "Here lie the mortal remains of John Chivery, "never anything worth mentioning, who died of a broken heart, "requesting with his last breath that the word... "...Amy be inscribed over his ashes, "which was accordingly directed to be done by his afflicted father." Ah, there she is. Amy! Young people today, Frederick - sometimes I think they care for nothing but their own concerns. But a very satisfactory and pleasant day all in all, Frederick. A number of distinguished ladies and gentlemen were pleased to call upon me, and I was very happy to be presented to them. Get any testimonials, did you? My visitors were both discerning and tactful, Frederick. At lunch time, I happened to notice that three shillings and sixpence had been accidentally left on the mantelshelf. By dinner time, it had accidentally increased to 1 2 shillings and sixpence! Rich pickin's! Sometimes, you know, Frederick, you express your sentiments rather coarsely. I beg your pardon, William. And look at you. You don't present yourself as elegantly as you might. I know that. It reflects upon me, you know, as your brother. It's all very well for you in here, waited on hand and foot... - How dare you?! - Beg your pardon, William. - I spoke without thinking. - No-one knows what I've suffered here. Nothing can make up for that. You, who are free to walk the streets, how can you be so insensitive, so uncaring? Didn't mean to. Perhaps I should go home now. Perhaps you should. - Ah, good evening, Chivery. - Evening, sir. - All right? - Quite well, quite well. And you? Oh, I'm all right. And your son? I haven't seen him this evening. He's not himself, Mr Dorrit. He's at home. He's very low. Oh, dear. He seemed so well when he paid me a little visit. He was kind enough to bring me a few cigars. - A few cigars, you know. - Did he? - And very smart he looked, I assure you. - I dare say he did. I wish the boy hadn't laid out so much money on his clothes. It only brought him in vexation. He could get that anywhere for nothing. Vexation? What do you mean? How vexation? No odds. Never mind. Mr Frederick going out, sir? - My brother's going home to bed. - Thank you, Mr Chivery. All right, Mr Frederick. Take care, Frederick. Take care. Mind how you cross! You know, Chivery, I worry about him out there in the world. Sometimes I think I'd be happier if he were safe within these walls. But of course, it takes strength of character to endure confinement here year after year and still preserve one's self-respect, feel conscious that one is a gentleman. Is that so? Well, pleasant as it is to chat, I think Amy will have my supper waiting. Good evening, Chivery. Good evening, Mr Dorrit. There you are, Father. Supper's all ready. Let me take your coat. Thank you, my dear. Did you enjoy your walk with Uncle? Not much, Amy. Not much, in point of fact. Why? What's the matter, Father? I feel a little disturbed, a little uneasy. - Tell me what it is, Father. - Something's gone wrong with Chivery. Something seems to have upset or annoyed him. It puts me out, my love. It's impossible to forget that, in such a life as mine, I am unfortunately dependent on these men for something or other every hour in the day. Good heavens, were I to lose the support of Chivery and his brother officers, I might well starve to death here! I'm sure that would never happen, Father. You say that. I can't think what it's owing to. Can you? Yes, I remember there was a certain young turnkey here once by the name of Jackson, and he paid his addresses to... not the daughter, no, the sister of one of us, a rather distinguished collegian. His name was Captain Martin. And this Captain Martin consulted with me as to whether his daught... his sister should hazard offending the turnkey by being too plain with him. Captain Martin felt, and I agreed with him, that his daught... his sister, rather, was not called upon to understand the young man too distinctly, if you follow me - that she might tolerate him on her father's... ...on her brother's account. And so she did, I-I-I-I believe. I hardly know how I have strayed into this story. I suppose it's through not being able to account for Chivery, but as to the connection between the two... Come, Father, eat your supper. What does it matter whether I eat or starve? What does it matter whether such a blighted life as mine comes to an end now, next week, next year? - What am I worth to anyone? - Oh, Father, don't say such things! Oh, Amy! If you could see me as your dear mother saw me. I was young, I was accomplished, good-looking, and people sought me out and envied me! - They envied me! - Father, don't distress yourself. Yet I have some respect here. I'm not quite trodden down. Go and ask who is the chief person in this place. They'll tell you it is William Dorrit. I know, Father. Go and ask who is never trifled with. They'll tell you it is William Dorrit. I know, Father. Go and ask what funeral here will make more talk, yes, and perhaps more grief, than any that has ever gone out at that gate. And they will tell you it is William Dorrit's. William Dorrit's. William Dorrit's. I know, Father. I know. I know. A bientot, then! Mr Meagles, Mrs Meagles, Mr Doyce, Mr Clennam, a pleasure to make your acquaintance. And now back to my miserable, solitary bachelor existence. Lion! Heel! See you all again soon. You know, she likes you very much, Clennam. Oh, she does. You'd make such a fine pair! - Farewell. - Goodbye. - And now you're going, too. - Yes. I'm so happy to have been able to renew our friendship. I, too. I do hope you will come again soon. - Goodbye. - Goodbye. Goodbye! Come again soon! - Goodbye! Come again soon. - Don't leave it too long! Delicious sweet cherries for sale! Come on, sir. Lovely baked apples! Ready-baked apples. Can I help you? Oh, there y'are! Eh, grazie, grazie, signora! Thank you very much! (WHISTLING) Porca madonna! Qu'est-ce qui passe ici si tard? I go this way, Mr Clennam. My factory is just through here. Perhaps you would care to have a look around? I'd like that very much, Mr Doyce. Oi! (SHOUTING) (HORSE NEIGHS) Mi fa male la gamba, mi fa male la gamba! Keep still, sir. I'll help you. 'Ere, what's he saying? Is that French or Prussian? It's Italian. Get some water. Come sta, signore? Mi fa male la gamba, signore, molto dolore! Stai fermo, stai tranquillo. WOMAN: Oh, dear, what's all this? Let's get him inside. Quickly! Move! Move out the way! Out the way! Follow me... Come on, out the way. Move, out the way! Give him some space. That's it, come on... Take him inside. Quickly up the stairs! Quickly, girls, clear the table. Quickly! And get me some water. Quickly. Bring him in here. That's it, gently. Gently. Good girl. Oh, dear, look at him, poor little man! Grazie, signora. Grazie. Doctor'll be here very soon. - Il medico arriva subito, subito. - Ah, grazie, signore, grazie. Eh bella signora. Oh, don't he speak English? We...make...you...better...soon! Oh, ain't he a perfect little gentleman! - We...will...Iook after you, yes? - Si, altro, altro! Oh, he says his name is Altro! Well, not exactly. Mrs Plornish... Plooor-nish. - Plor-niss! - Very good! - I think he's in good hands here. - Signore! Non lasciate che mi trovi. What's he say? - He said, don't let him find me. Ma chi? Who? (SINGING) WOMAN: Come on, boys... (LAUGHS) Will you share a glass or two with a lonely traveller, sir? Should be going - boat to catch. Je t'en prie, monsieur. One for the road. Or one for the river, we might say! - What a splendid-looking contraption! - Designed it myself. It harnesses the power of steam to make the wheels go round. That's quite brilliant, Mr Doyce. A little whimsical, perhaps. But there are much wider applications for the technology, if I had the money and time to explore them. Have you ever approached anyone for funding? No, I can't say that I have. I have a number of trading contacts overseas. They might like to invest. Perhaps I could recommend you to them? Well, I can't see why not. In fact, I would be much obliged, Mr Clennam. Doyce, you mentioned yesterday that you struggled to find the time to take care of the business side of things. I wonder, would it be terribly presumptuous of me to propose myself as your business partner? I have 20 years' experience, I can furnish you with excellent references and I long to be at work in some really worthwhile enterprise such as yours. Mr Clennam, you couldn't have said a better word. It IS a worthwhile enterprise, but you may change your mind when you take a closer look at the books. Daniel Doyce Limited won't make you rich, you know, - not in the short run, any road. - That's of no concern to me. I'm more than happy to invest my money and my time if I believe some good will come of it. So, what do you say? Will you give me a trial? Doyce and Clennam it is! (LIVELY MUSIC ON PIANO) MAN: Come on through, Miss Dorrit. Come on through. NEW SPEAKER: Now, come along, dears. Smile! Smile, come on! Mr Willetts, bring her on! Smoothly, Mr Willetts. Don't jerk it! You look wonderful, darling. Now come along. Eyes! Teeth! And la buste! Oh, God! All right, then. That'll have to do. Seven o' clock tonight. Don't be late! Oh, dear... - Come on, then. Out with it. - I wanted to ask your advice, Fanny. Oh, what about? John Chivery's asked me to be his wife. Has he? Good for you, little one! I refused him, Fanny, and he was ever so upset, and Father's displeased with me, too. You refused him? What did you do that for? Do you think you'll ever get a better offer than that? I don't. I don't love him, Fanny. What's love got to do with it? I always thought you were fond of John Chivery. I am fond of him, Fanny, but I don't love him. And I'd rather stay and look after Father than marry someone I don't love. Well, if that's what suits you... Are you in love with Mr Sparkler, Fanny? Sparkler? That preening booby? I should think not. Though I might even marry him one day, just to spite his mother. Matter of fact, I was going to call there before the show. Would you like to meet her? She's got ever such a big parrot. # Pom pom pom pom pom pom Compagnons de la Marjolaine... # Non, non, non, ah... Attention! #...Pom pom pom pom pom pom pom Qu'est-ce qui passe ici si tard (SLURRED) # Pom pom pom... # Pom pom pom pom pom pom pom Qu'est-ce qui passe ici si tard... # No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, that's not the right way. It's a short cut. Oo-ooh! Oo-ooh... (SLURRED) I thought you was a stranger... Stranger than you think. (LOUD SPLASH) (BIRDS CRY) (WHISTLING COMPAGNONS DE LA MARJOLAINE) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 