Are You Being Served?: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Are You Being Served? 
 s3e1 - The Hand of Fate - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Are You Being Served? (1972–1985): Season 3, Episode 1 - The Hand of Fate - full transcript 
 Mr. Humphries' palm reading skills are put to the test when Mr.Rumbold's position becomes available for Captain Peacock and Mrs.Slocomb and Mr.Grainger compete over his position. Believing he can foretell their futures in their hands, Mr.Humphries makes surprising predictions on behalf of each member of the staff. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Ground floor perfumery ♫ Stationery and leather goods ♫ Wigs and haberdashery ♫ Kitchenware and food, going up ♫ First floor telephones ♫ Gents ready-made suits ♫ Shirts, socks, ties, hats ♫ Underwear and shoes, going up ♫ Second floor carpets ♫ Travel goods and bedding - 'Ere! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I do not answer to "'ere", Mr. Mash. - All right then, oy! - Did you put in an order for 27 galvanized buckets? - And what would I be doing in Ladies' Department with 27 galvanized buckets? This is Ladies' Department, not a farmyard. - Well, you could be milkin' a Jersey. - Mr. Mash. - Ah, good morning, Captain! Sorry I can't salute you, Sir. - I am trying to ascertain, Sir, who ordered 27 galvanized buckets. - Obviously nobody on this floor. - Well Hardware denies all knowledge of 'em. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know, I'll try Musical Instruments. ♫ Any old time, any old time ♫ Any any any old time - Mr. Mash, please. - Sorry, Captain. - Mrs. Slocombe, what should I do with these crochet barries? - Oh, say, oh! We've had these for years. I think they were a special offer for the Jubilee. - It says here, it's worn by Princess Margaret Rose. - Oh yes, oh they were very popular. - Well if they were so popular, how come we got so many left? - They were only popular with Princess Margaret Rose. - Two and eleven pence, three farthing. - We can't put that. - Well with our devaluation, inflation, desemilization, purchase tax, VAT, oh, put "unrepeatable at 40p". - Put "as worn by Princess Anne, at badminton". - You can't wear these to play badminton! - Oh, give over. Are you being served, Madam? - Yeah, no, I'd like to try one of these Princess Anne hats, please. - Oh, certainly, Madam. They've just come in! - Oh, thank you! - Oh, oh, very becoming, isn't it Miss Brahms? - Yes, they're all wearing them for badminton! - Oh no, that's supposed to be four-- - Supposed to be four pounds fifty, but they've been reduced. - Well that's quite reasonable according to today's standards. - Yes, Madam, we think so too. - Sale, Miss Brahms. - The combinations are pre-shrank, Sir, but it is advisable to wash them in lukewarm water. - Yeah, or better still, no water at all. My old granddad used to send his combinations to the dry cleaners, you know. - Well I rinse mine in the bath, then let the wind dry them. - Must be pure magic in your ass. There we are, thank you very much, good morning, Sir. - Thank you for your custom, Sir. Can I help you, Sir? - Soh! - Soh. Can I help you, Sir? - Soh! - Soh. Um, you wantee buy? - Soh! - Soh! Mr. Lucas, chop chop. Forward, Mr. Lucas. - Credit card! - Ah, soh! You, Mr. Kato, I, Peacock. Soh! - Soh. This, Honorable Mr. Humpries. - Humpfries, soh! - Soh. - And this, Honorable Mr. Lucas. - Rucas, soh! - No, no, Lucas. Rucas. - No, Lucas. - You must understand, Mr. Lucas, that this gentleman is Japanese, and he has difficulty getting his tongue around his Rs. - You know, I would've thought it was just a matter of practice. - What does the customer require, Captain Peacock? - I'll try to find out. - Yes, of course you were out East, weren't you? - Hm. Whatty wantee? - Cotafalane! Cotafalane! - I think the customer wishee raincoat, Mr. Lucas. - Ah, "laincoat!" - Ah, soh! Ah, soh! - Scusee, phony-lingy. Men's Ready - Mr. Rumbold for Captain Peacock. - Doesn't sound like Mr. Rumbold. - I'm Mr. Rumbold's new temporary secretary. Mr. Rumbold would like to see Captain Peacock in his office. - In that case, I shall acquaint Captain Peacock with Mr. Rumbold's wishes. - Oh, you're very obliging. - Only to a point. Captain Peacock, Mr. Rumbold's office, chop chop. - Would I please get them off. - The letters, you wanted me to catch the post. - Oh yes, no, what I meant was, what was the last thing I said in the memo to young Mr. Grace? - Ah, "I am both flattered and honored "that you are considering me "for the vacant paste on the beard of doctors." - Vacant post on the Board of Directors. - Sorry, my shorthand. "Of course, I would readily accept if selected. "Signed, Yours Crawly." - Yours truly! - I'm sorry. - Yes, well that will be all. Do try to be a bit more accurate, Miss Ainsworth. - Yes, Mr. Rumbold. - I want that to go off tonight, I don't want any correspondence delayed the way it was yesterday. - Of course not, Mr. Rumbold. It won't be like last night, I promise I'll have it off before I go. Good, well done. You have to be very firm with these girls these days, you know. - You seem to be getting results. - There, sit down, Peacock. - Thank you, Sir. - Now, as you probably heard, Peacock. - Oh yes. - Yes, as you've probably heard, Mr. Theobold is retiring from the Board of Directors due to continued ill health. - Yes, two bottles a day I believe. - Well, that's neither here nor there. Anyway, they've been preparing a short list of suitable people with the necessary qualifications and requirements, which are of course drive, experience, integrity, et cetera. And it thought it right, only right, that you should be the first to know, and so that's why I sent for you. - Well, of course it doesn't come as a complete surprise to me, Sir. And I need hardly add that I'm both flattered and honored, and if selected for the post, would readily accept. - Um, Captain Peacock, I feel I should explain that I'm the one who's being considered, and if I do get the job, I was intending to recommend that you should take over here. - I see. - Well you don't seem too pleased about it. - Oh I'm not at all sure that a clerical job is right up my street. I do so enjoy having the friendly personal contacts with people, and... On the other hand, I'm not sure that I would entirely miss it. - £17.50, Sir, there's your receipt, and your credit card. - Soh! - Yes, oh my word. - You've got a cross on your fate line. - Closs, closs on flate line. Me ready handy-pandy. - Ah, yes. - Yes, cross means accident. - Yes, cross means, uh, crash. - Crash mean clash! - Yes, something like that. - Me no need clash, me got credit card. - Yes. Go home, go home. - Sayonara, soh. - Yes, cuanto le gusta. - What's all that rubbish about a cross on his fate line? - Well, there are certain times when I see things. - Oh yes, and I'm not usually wrong. - Some Japanese kamikaze pilot has just tripped up in me buckets and fell down the stairs! - No, he'll be in Haberdashery by now. Let them deal with it. - I think I'd better go and check. Hurry up, Mr. Mash, show me where he is. - Well, I warned him. - He saw it in his hand. - Well I saw an accident in his hand, and I told him. - You never! - He did, I heard him. - I didn't know you could read hands. - No, it runs in the family. My father noticed something funny about me when I was six. - Well go on, read mine! - No I can't, I've got to be in the mood. - Well you was in the mood when you were holding that Chinaman's hand. - He was Japanese. - Same thing. - Anyway, the vibrations have got to be right. I'll try over lunch. - Here, here, hey, that nitwit that fell down the stairs has got his head wedged in one of my buckets! - Oh, poor man, and so far from home. I hope he's got an account, 'cause him and the bucket's on the way to the hospital and he wouldn't pay cash! - There we are, there's a coffee. There's only one spoon. - Don't worry, I'll use me finger. - Mind that you don't melt your nail varnish. - I prefer to use my pencil, the taste of the wood takes my mind off the coffee. - Well don't rush me, I'm trying to take the taste away of this Scottish pie. - I think as yesterday's Lancashire hot pot. - No, no, I mean when you first found out you have this gift? - Well, I used to have these funny turns, you see. When I was about 15, I had the sensation of floating out of me body and looking down at meself lying in bed in me pajamas. - Well, nothing, I was just lying there! - Of course I've learned to do it at will since then. I can pop out of me body whenever I like. - Ooh, I wish I could. - If I had a body like hers, I wouldn't come back. Just a joke, just a joke, Mrs. Slocombe! - When I first joined Grace Brothers, Juniors weren't allowed to sit with the Seniors. You was... - Oh, lost of people leave their bodies at night, but they don't remember it. - I have dreams like that, quite often I dream I'm flying around in the air with no clothes on, and all my friends are looking up at me, and I wake up and I'm blushing all over. - You don't wanna be embarrassed by that. - Well it's humiliating! - Try flying on your back. - I often dream that I'm wandering about the house looking for something. - Oh yes, fortunately, yes. Last night on the way back, I fell over the cat. - You know, animals are very psychic. I mean, the least sign of danger and my pussy's hair stands on end like nothing. Better than a burglar alarm, innit? - Go on, and it'll be going back time soon, so see if you can see anything. - Right, oh you have a very pronounced Mound of Venus. - Mr. Lucas, one sarcasm out from you, I go straight to Captain Peacock. - I never said a word! - Your heart rules your head. Now let me see, how many affairs have you had? Oh yes, one, two, that's a big one! - I don't we want to go into the past. What about the future? - Well, you have a very long life line, you'll live well past middle age. - No, that's the present, she wants to know about the future! - You know, it's all quite clear. - Well, I can see a man at your feet. He's tall and distinguished. - I can't see he won't turn round. - Why don't you pop out of your body and go round and have a look? - Well all I can tell you is that he's lying at your feet. - I said it was never too late. - Oh, I didn't know that Mr. Humphries was a palmist. - Oh yeah, not only that, he can pop out of his pajamas whenever he feels like it? - You know, he's seeing things in my past that I thought only I knew about. - There must've been somebody else there, surely. - Captain Peacock, why don't you let Mr. Humphries have a look at your hand? - Oh, no, I don't believe in that sort of thing. - Oh go on, Captaiin Peacock, unless of course you got some terrible secret what you want hidden. - Oh, very well, but I only have a moment. There. - Oh, well look at that, born to lead. Look at that prominent forefinger. A very ambitious hand. Ooh, and such a long life line, look it goes right round here, splits into two, and shoots right up his sleeve. - You're gonna die of old age in a railway tunnel. - Such a lot of lines. Your head rules your heart. - It's big enough. - I can see an opportunity. - Something to do with your job. - Go on. - Well, I see you, as it were, climbing a ladder, and then a door opens and you find yourself wearing a new hat. - Remarkable. - Well I wasn't going to mention this, but this morning I was informed that Mr. Theobold might be leaving because of ill health. - Two bottles a day, I'm told. - Mm, yes. And I was told that I should stand by to take over Mr. Rumbold's position. - Well, that's it! - Climbing the ladder. - Well, certainly taking over for Mr. Rumbold is a door opening. - Yeah, and he'll definitely have to have a new hat because then he'll be allowed to wear one of those stupid-looking bowlers. - Quite remarkable. - Now let me see the back of your left hand. Oh, yes. - We're late back from lunch. Come on. - Oh! - Yes, I'm free, Mr. Grainger. - I would like a word with you. Not you, Mr. Lucas, this is for Mr. Humphries' ear alone. - Well I wanted to say, Mr. Humphries, for the last few weeks I've been watching the way in which you've been handling the customers. - Ah, well I can explain that, Mr. Grainger, you see-- - What I am trying to say is that I have been very impressed with your performance in trousers. - Oh, thank you, Mr. Grainger. - The whole point is, that if Captain Peacock goes up, well somebody else has got to take over the position as Floor Walker. - And you are going to recommend me. Certainly not, I'm going to recommend me. - Well I am going to suggest to Captain Peacock that you take over my position. Do you think you could cope? - Oh, I'm sure I could, Mr. Grainger, especially with your hand to guide me. - And do you... Do you think that Lucas is capable of taking over from you? - With my hand to guide him. - Well, better consult him. - Are you free, Mr. Lucas. - Yes, you have just caught me at a free moment, Mr. Humphries. - Now, Mr. Lucas, if Mr. Rumbold takes over for Mr. Theobold, it's very likely that Captain Peacock will take over for Mr. Rumbold, in which case, Mr. Grainger may take over from Captain Peacock, therefore I shall take over Mr. Grainger's duties, which will leave my position vacant. Do you think you could cope with it? - Wouldn't it be simpler if I took over for Mr. Theobold? - It is a serious responsibility we are discussing, Mr. Lucas. - Oh yes, I can see that, Mr. Grainger. I mean, after all, it means instead of standing in the middle of the counter here, Mr. Humphries will have to stand at the end of the counter there. And instead of me standing at the end of the counter here, I shall have to stand in the middle of the counter there. It's a very big responsibility, that, Mr. Grainger. I don't really know if I'm ready to cope with it. Mind you, it's not as big a responsibility for me standing here as it is for Mr. Humphries standing over there. I don't envy you, Mr. Humphries, I'd be a nervous wreck. - Well let me put it another way, Mr. Grainger, do I get more money? Yes. - I'll do it. - Very well then, I will confer with Captain Peacock. Oh that blasted woman's got him. - At the moment, Mrs. Slowcombe. - Well it's like this, Stephen. If you do take over for Mr. Rumbold, that would leave your position here vacant, would it not? - That is true, yes. - And I'm sure you will take over, because with your military background and your big forefinger, you're born to lead. - Yes, I suppose advancement was inevitable. - And I suppose it'll be up to you to recommend someone to take your place? - No doubt it will. - Well I think that it's time we had a change of sex on the floor. - Do I understand that you're recommending Mr. Humphries? No, no no, no, I'm recommending me. A woman Floor Walker? - Captain Peacock, women are equal to men these days you know. - Not that equal, floor walking has always been a man's job in this department. - Well I don't see why, I mean anybody can stand there with their nose in the air looking stupid. - If that were all that were required, Mrs. Slocombe, I would recommend you without hesitation. - Male chauvinistic pig. - I will pretend you haven't said that. - I didn't want the job anyway. - Not at the moment, Mr. Humphries. - Oh, only Captain Peacock's free. - Yes, I'm free, Mr. Grainger. - Oh well, would you mind taking over this customer, please? - Pleasure, Mr. Grainger. - Right, thank you. - I've already taken his inside leg. - Oh. - He's looking for something in Scottish tweed, with broad shoulders. - Hm, aren't we all. - Just a moment, Mr. Grainger. I'm free now. - I'm delighted to hear of the possibility of your promotion, Stephen. - Thank, Ernest. - Well-deserved. - Inevitable, I should have said. - We've known each other for many years, Stephen. - You're one of my closest acquaintances, Ernest. - Oh it's very nice of you to say that, yes. I take it that you will be recommending me? - For your job, of course. - I, I rather doubt it. - I think it needs a younger man to cope with it. All you do is just stand there with your nose in the air. And say "Are you free, Mr. Grainger?" - I have to check all the bills and make sure they're properly made out. - Well any damn fool can do that. - And is that the qualification you're offering? - Captain Peacock, as soon as I've had my tea, I shall bring it up in front of Mr. Rumbold. - I can't understand a word you're saying. I think he wants to talk to you. - He sounds like a Japanese with his head stuck in a bucket. - Oh I've no time for practical jokes, put the receiver down. - I think I can explain that, sir. - Don't even start, Mr. Lucas. - Now let's get these complaints over quickly, shall we, it is 5:30. - To put it in a nutshell, Captain Peacock doesn't fancy a lady Floor Walker. - Well, we only have two lady Floor Walkers, one in Costumery, one in Haberdashery, which one don't you fancy? - I don't fancy one in Menswear. - Good lord, have we got one dressed as a man? - I was specifically referring to Mrs. Slocombe. - Ah, oh so that's the complaint. Mrs. Slocombe has been dressing as a man, and it doesn't attract you. I think I agree. Don't dress as a man anymore, Mrs. Slocombe. - Don't be daft, I haven't been dressing as a man. It's just that I don't want to be under Mr. Grainger on the floor. - There's no danger of that. Captain Peacock seems to think that I'm past it. - I sometimes wonder if, sitting in this office, I'm missing something. - If there is a vacancy to be filled, I don't see any reason why I shouldn't do it. After all, I have had 15 years' experience. - Look, when Captain Peacock takes over your job, we're gonna have to have a new Floor Walker. - Captain Peacock, my possible promotion was supposed to be a secret. I only got the memo about it yesterday. - Oh no, Captain Peacock didn't tell us about it, see, Mr. Humphries saw it in his hand at lunch. - Well what were you doing with my memo in your hand at lunch, Captain Peacock? - He didn't have the memo, I read the lines in his hand. - You see, he's a palmist who can see into the future. - And he saw Captain Peacock climbing a ladder, a door opening, and him wearing a new hat. - Which means you're getting Mr. Theobold's job, he's getting yours, which is why I'm applying for his. - Well it's by no means certain that I am getting Mr. Theobold's job! - Well let Gypsy Rose Humphries read your hand and he'll tell your future. - You've gotta see this. - Oh yes. - Go on. - He's very good. - Oh, very well. - Yes. - No, not that one, that's the one you were born with. - I was born with them both. - No you see, the left one is what you start out with. The right one is what you make of it and of the changes. Now let me see, ooh. - You've had a very unhappy childhood. - His mother kept polishing his hair with sandpaper. - Well I can see a cross, that's the crossroads in your career. And I can see a T. - Theobold! - No, it's a turning point in your life. - When is it going to happen - Well, I can see leaves. - In the autumn! - Well, it's the autumn now! - Yes, yes sir, yes sir, I'll tell him sir. Young Mr. Grace wants to see you on his way out to the department. - That could be the news. - But we haven't tidied up yet! - Well look sharp about it, come on. We have Mr. Grace coming through, that's it, come on Mr. Lucas... - Hurry, hurry, hurry up! You should have seen to this, Peacock! Come on, Mrs. Slocombe, get those boxes away. - I am doing, only they go on the top shelf in Millinery and I'm no good on the ladder. - Come along, Miss Brahms. - I'm not going up there with you down here. - Oh, give me those hatboxes. Come on. - Those go on... - A strange thing happened to me this afternoon. - My teabag broke. - Oh, I am sorry Mr. Grace, I'll speak to the catering manager. - Oh no, no, I'm glad it broke. Lily, the tea girl, read my tea leaves. - Oh, I hope it was good news, that. - Well, it was more of a warning. It said, "Beware of a bald-headed man with big ears." So you're not getting the job. Carry on, everybody, you've all done very well! A fine fortune teller you are! - Well, it wasn't far wrong, I mean I mentioned the leaves, didn't I? And that cup of tea could've been the turning point - No, he's been turned down. - And what about Mrs. Slocombe with her man at her feet, and old Peacock going up a ladder with a door opening and all that rubbish about him being in a new act? - Well I can't be right all the time. Come on, let's tell Peacock about Rumbold. Peacock? - Don't open the door! Oh, oh dear! - I think this will be a very good time for me to leave my body. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 