Are You Being Served?: Season 3, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Are You Being Served? 
 s3e9 - Christmas Crackers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Are You Being Served? (1972–1985): Season 3, Episode 9 - Christmas Crackers - full transcript 
 The staff arrive early in the morning to discuss various ideas on how to boost sales. However once Mr.Rumbold arrives, he informs them that Mr.Grace has already decided that the staff should dress up in novelty costumes in an attempt to attract customers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Ground floor, perfumery, stationery, and leather goods ♫ Wigs and haberdashery, kitchenware and food ♫ Going up ♫ First floor, telephones, gents ready made suits ♫ I'm dreaming of a white Christmas ♫ Just like the ones we used to know Blimey, Captain, you're in here early, couldn't sleep eh? I bet you was wondering whether Father Christmas got your note up the chimney, eh? Dear Santa, please fill my stocking up with something I can play with. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But don't make it a, but as long as it is not the wife's leg. Mr. Mash, I am earlier than normal because Mr. Rumbold has called a very important meeting about a Christmas sales drive. So would you mind setting up the table and chairs in the center of the floor and getting some coffee? Yes I would mind, it ain't my job. That militant attitude is not part of the Christmas spirit. And what is more, I should be reporting you to the head of your union! Oy, I am the head of my union. And I'm not going to alter my intransigent attitude 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 under any circumstances, or for bribes under 50p. You like cream in yours, don't you Captain? Let the blood come back to your head before you move. I'll be all right, I'll be all right. Is Mr. Lucas unwell? He's got a terrible hangover, Captain Peacock, due to a pre Christmas celebration with a young lady. It was the sudden change in altitude coming in the lift that brought it on again. He went as white as a sheet, so I had to put my arm 'round him. Now that was the reason I went as white as a sheet. Lucas you knew we had an important conference this morning, you should've gone to bed early. Oh I did Captain Peacock, I went to bed early, then I woke up at five o'clock and thought, hello, I've got an important conference this morning. So I got up and went straight home. Well at least you're here in body, if not in spirit. There's plenty of spirit left. Good morning Ms. Brahms, I'm sorry it's such an early call. You're lucky to have me at all. I don't know, looking like that, I'm not too sure. What have you got under there, spare cheese rolls? I didn't have any time for any breakfast. I have ordered coffee. Not ordered Captain, requested, there is a subtle difference you know? Incidentally, is Mr. Grainger and Mrs. Slocombe, are they coming to this top level chat of yours? Of course Mr. Mash, now hurry along. I don't think Mrs. Slocombe will be. And why not? Well she ran me this morning, a terrible state. Her bus route's on strike, she can't find her umbrella. What does not finding her umbrella got to do with her not getting here? Well she's got to walk a mile to the station, hasn't she? And in the rain she's afraid in case her rinse runs. Guess I better cancel her coffee. No, no, no, Mrs. Slocombe is a resourceful woman. If anyone can think of a way of getting here, she will. Always suspected it. What a journey, do you know, it was dark when I left. I'm not surprised. Blimey, you must've frightened a few people, riding your broomstick, silhouetted against the moon. What are you talking about? I got a lift in a friend's car so I took the opportunity of bringing this up, it's a present for Christmas for a gardening friend of mine. Only, I propped it up against the augur, and the bristles bent with the hay. They're not real twigs at all, it's just cheap Japanese makuawa-tzu-ken. It's disgusting what rubbish some firms are selling these days. You should've reported him to the consumer counsel or whatever they call it. Where did you get it? Here in hardware. And I hope we're not going to be late tonight, because I've left Winston clinging to the curtain ring. He refuses to come down, the mere sight of my pussy drives him mad. Is Winston a lodger? No, no, no, no, he's my canary. He got out when I was changing his sandpaper. Well I think we'd all better sit down, Mr. Humphries, Mr. Lucas, Ms. Brahms, let's sit down please. What about Mr. Grainger? Nevermind old Grainger, where's Mr. Rumbold? Oh I don't think he's arrived yet. Oh, typical of old jack ears, gets us here at the crack of dawn, doesn't bother to turn up himself. Well there was quite a gale blowing when I left this morning. Perhaps every time he turned to say goodbye to his wife the wind caught him behind his ears and blew him in again. Let's go phone his office in case he's already in. I was worried about getting here on time today though, and I couldn't put in an alarm call because I've been TOS for a week. What's that? TOS, T-O-S, temporarily out of service. Couldn't you have it fixed? Yes, soon as I pay the bill. Crown everything, my strikers on me alarm clock's gone on strike, all it does is buzz. So there I was with it clutched in me hand, by me ear, and I couldn't get to sleep for the ticking, anyway-- Here we are then, refreshments for the troops, courtesy of Captain Peacock. On the contrary, they're 10 pence each. I thought it was too good to be true. Ladies. Now where was I in my story? You were lying in bed with a chicken in your ear. Me alarm clock doesn't work, well I was-- It's probably your pinger, you know? Well what happened? Well there I was, you see, lying there, worried about going to sleep, and I dozed off, and I dreamt I was winding it up, woke up wet through. Perspiration? No, I hadn't screwed the top of me hot water bottle. Can I have your attention please? As Mr. Rumbold is obviously unavoidably detained, I think I should take over. Now, quite simply, what we're looking for is ideas to push Christmas sales on this floor. Now, has anybody come up with anything? No, I haven't come up with anything, mind you it was touch and go when I saw Ms. Brahm's cheese roll. Mrs. Slocombe, as head of the ladies section, you must have some ideas? Well I've been thinking about this, and I think we should have lots of trimmings. Something to make people sit up and take notice. Give us the real Christmas spirit. You know, snow round the display stands, mistletoe in the fur muffs, a sprig of holly in the underwear. If that doesn't make people sit up and take notice, nothing will. I've got an idea, why don't we give away kisses to the gentlemen customers? He was talking about the ladies department, not ours. I meant theirs. I'm not quite with you, Mr. Humphries. Well ehen a gentlemen comes in to buy something for his wife, Ms. Brahms could give away a free kiss with every purchase over 10 pounds. Mr. Humphries, are you suggesting that I also should do that? No we'd make a reduction in your case, anything under 10 pound. Mr. Lucas, will you keep your mouth shut? I will if you will. I do hope I'm not too late, I'm afraid Mrs. Grainger failed to rouse me this morning. Oh that's understandable Mr. Grainger. Go on, sit down Mr. Grainger, and I'll just give a recap on the ideas so far. I shouldn't bother. What we're looking for is something to attract people of all ages, what we must bear in mind is that when people come shopping in a store like ours, they bring their children. Now if we could perhaps think of something to occupy them while their parents browse around? What a good idea! I dislike children intensely. Nasty, noisy things. Children should be seen and not heard. And preferably not seen. I trust you will not give vent to those feelings in front of our customers? Of course I shall not. When they come into the store with their offspring, I shall give them my usual warm welcoming smile. Blimey, that'll send 'em out screaming! Let me put a point to you. Now, Mrs. Slocombe, let us say that you are a customer, you have a child with you, and you're on your way up in a lift, now the door's happen to open on this floor. Now what sight would attract your attention and make you stop here? Her husband buying his girlfriend a present. Mr. Lucas, if you interrupt just once more-- Yeah I know, you'll send me home. I wish you had stayed there. I know what'll attract the mother and child to this floor, why don't we have someone dressed up as Father Christmas, beckoning to the little boy? And who are you suggesting, Mr. Humphries? Well someone not too young, which rules out Mr. Lucas and myself, and someone not too old-- Which rules out Mr. Grainger. And someone with a kindly face. Which rules out Captain Peacock. So it's between Mrs. Slocombe and Ms. Brahms, really, isn't it? Well we could easily hire a Father Christmas. No Mrs. Slocombe, I think a Father Christmas is rather old hat these days. Well it wasn't my idea. What about having a reindeer? And a little sledge on wheels to take the customers up to the counter? And where are we gonna get a reindeer from? Well I wasn't meaning a real one, was I? I mean, you know, one of those skins like a pantomime horse. Oh yes, and who's gonna get into that? Well you could get in the front, and I could get in the back. Not likely, I'd get hydrophobia. You mean claustrophobia dear, hydrophobia's when you get bitten by a mad dog. With him in there, she'd probably get both. Could we try to be a little more practical please? Well why don't we have a glee club? You know, every time the lift doors open, we all burst into a carol like Good King Wenceslas. I am not going to sing Good King Wenceslas. Now we'd make an exception in your case, Mr. Grainger. You could sing All I Want for Christmas is Me Two Front Teeth. We can't burst into song every time the lift opens. Oh, what a pity, I was looking forward to being a countertenor. Morning everybody! Good morning Mr. Rumbold. Yes I'm sorry I'm late. I see you've already started. Yes, we did have a few ideas, but nothing concrete has emerged, except the usual festive decorations. Well you'll be pleased to hear that the matter has been resolved by young Mr. Grace, who telephoned me this morning just as I was leaving home which is why I was late. A likely story. It seems that he has purchased a number of novelty costumes, and that it would be an amusing gimmick if our members of staff were to wear them over the Christmas period. What sort of costumes? Well I understand that they're characters from nursery rhymes and fairy tales. Oh, I like it, I like it. Well I don't, I mean we're not a children's department. Yes that's true, but we're all children at heart, and it helps to take the hard, brittle, commercial edge off Christmas. Besides I can assure you that no other store in London is doing it. I can believe that. I am certainly not a child at heart. Well you could dress up as Scrooge. Now, each department is going to have a sort of grotto effect over the counters. Yours will be built during the lunch hour. I trust I am not being included in this charade? Of course you are, even I have been requested to enter into the spirit of things and let my hair down. Oh well you're lucky, you can come as you are. Thank you so much, good morning! What time is it? Oh, 12:35. Ooh I'm starving, you should listen to my stomach. I have been. It was ridiculous bringing us in at that time this morning. Still, there's one consolation. Our department has its Christmas lunch today. But it's ages to Christmas. Ah, well, you see, last year, they found they couldn't cope with all the store at once. So this year, they've decided to stagger us. Yeah, they got the idea when they saw you staggering last year. Don't be cheeky, Mr. Mash. What's that? Now this, this here, is the new pointer display model for these everlasting tights. It's got a little motor in the base, and it plays a lovely drop of belli music, now listen to this. Well hey! It does that every few minutes. I think it's awful, where did you get it from? Well it started out in the sports department with a soccer boot on the end. It did, but after it kicked a couple of footballs through the window of course, it was relegated. Well it's going to be relegated again. Captain Peacock, are you free? No Mrs. Slocombe. Now if you're free, Captain Peacock, I wish to complain about the tights display model. It's too late to complain, I've already approved it with Mr. Rumbold. Well it's not staying in my department, even if I have to move it meself. Kindly leave it where it is, Mrs. Slocombe. And that is an order. Get behind your counter. Excuse me Captain Peacock, would you mind initialing this bill? Certainly. What a lovely tune that is, Mr. Grainger and I were arguing as to what belli it came from. Yes it's very familiar, I think it's Tchaikovsky. You're right Mr. Grainger, it's The Nutcracker Suite. Oh, isn't it festive? Look we've all got pads, now come on everybody. - Oh no, no, no, no Mr. Lucas, you mustn't sit there, Captain Peacock is joining us today, and I think that he should sit at the head of the table. Oh that will be an honor. Blimey, you know, they get bigger every year. Don't be so personal! I was referring to the crackers. I wonder what I've got in mine. Well you mustn't pull it till after the pud. I can't get over not having to queue up. Yes, it's nice to be waited on once a year. May I wish you a rather premature happy Christmas. And offer this wine as my contribution to the gala-- Oh that's very kind of you Stephen, I must say. Has anybody got a corkscrew? That won't be necessary, you just unscrew it. Don't forget your hat. Very well, if I must. White wine's my favorite. Finn Blanc Coop, whereabouts is Coop? That's co-op! Can I get tickets please? Oh, there we are. What tickets? Well for the Christmas lunch, didn't you see the notice on the board? No. Well you better buy one now. He can't, all entrance is closed for this table, from the counterfuls, I've only got five portions allotted. Well what am I going to have then? Hot pot, shepherd's pie, or halibut? I'll have halibut with olly in it. Go and serve yourself. Oh sure, that's marvelous, that is, isn't it? I don't seem to have any turkey. Unless it's under me sprout. I think the bird is just coming. Well now, this is always an exciting moment. Oh I hope mine's gonna be bigger than that. I rather suspect this is for all of us. That's never turkey, it's more like an emaciated budgie. Well has anybody any preference? Yes, halibut. I like a little white meat and not too much stuffing, it gives me indigestion. I've got indigestion just looking at it. I'll serve the ladies first, Mrs. Slocombe? I'll have a wing and a slice of breast. Seems to be putting up quite a fight. Think it's the knife that's blunt. Ah, now there we are. Yes, do you require stuffing Mrs. Slocombe? He's going with a swing then! Just a spoonful. Mr. Humphries, would you like to dispense the wine? Oh yeah, Mr. Grainger? Not too much, I tend to doze off if I have it at lunchtime. Yeah, same here Mr. Grainger. Quite lively isn't it? I've given you a bit of everything, I hope that's all right. - Thank you. White meat for Mr. Grainger? Thank you. Oh, there's bristles on my leg. You ought to write to Evening Home. This one, look, it's not been plucked properly. Oh it's popping right off. Ooh, isn't that leather? You should've had the halibut, it's quite nice really. I can't get my fork into mine. Leg or parts of its nose Mr. Humphries? Neither, thank you, I'm just going to toy with my sprouts. Now don't forget yourself. I think I'll call it a day. Hope you've left enough room for the pudding. Ah, now that's what I was looking forward to. Oh miss, what about the brandy to pour over it? The other waitress is bringing you a bottle. Oh, that sounds more like it. I must say, a flaming pudding just adds the final touch to Christmas. Yes, and let's hope it's better than the flaming turkey. Compliments of Grace Brothers. Oh look, no expense spared! It's last weekend all over again. Well I suppose it's a gesture. Shall I do the honors? Oh yes, and do it real, I'm still famished. Very curious. Oh, what's wrong with that brandy? Perhaps it's got soaked up by a currant. Happy Christmas all! You trying to warm the pudding, Captain? I'm trying to light the brandy. Ah, well what you want is a drop of this, mate, isn't it? What's that, Mr.-- Here you are, it's pure wood alcohol, that. Where did you get it from? Oh, maintenance, we use it for stripping varnish. Going to make our pudding taste funny? No, no, no, that's 97% proof that is. It's completely tasteless, and it won't leave a trace. He's right, it hasn't left a trace! Sorry, sorry Captain. Doesn't usually do that. Still I'll remember next year, next Christmas, to use less. So this has been a lovely lunch. You think we could stand the excitement of pulling our crackers? Oh yes, let's try and get some fun out of it. Well Captain Peacock, as heads of department, I think we should pull together. Oh dear, that's-- There's nothing for me! Ah, well, you didn't buy a ticket, did you? Well I mean I feel such a fool, sitting here, looking normal. Look at Mrs. Slocombes' teeth. Do I look a fright? I think it's an improvement, actually. You know I should've had these when I was tackling that turkey. Oh I like your lips Mr. Humphries. ♫ Climb upon my knees, sonny boy Oh doesn't Mr. Grainger look funny? He reminds me of somebody. I know exactly who. Mr. Rumbold! Exactly! Even better, the bald head. On the contrary Captain Peacock, I do not think Mr. Grainger resembles me in any way whatsoever. No of course not, Mr. Rumbold. You must excuse us. I am afraid that the whole occasion just overcame us. Can we have a little more decorum, please, please? Yes well, I've come to inform you that maintenance have finished their work on your department. - Oh, good. - Oh here's young Mr. Grace. Afternoon everybody, don't get up. Afternoon Mr. Grace. Enjoy your lunch? Well up to the usual standard, Mr. Grace. One has to push the belt out occasionally. Pity it was the Mary Celeste. When you're finished, I want you all to go up to the board room and choose your novelty costumes. I feel sure they'll prove a great attraction and really pull the public in. No doubt of it at all, Mr. Grace. Well, carry on everybody, I'll see you later Mr. Rumbold. How's it going Mr. Mash? Mr. Mash! The men are almost finished sir, if you could just give us a moment. Well do hurry up, they're on their way down. Certainly sir. Rumpelstiltskin says get a flaming move on! If I may say so sir, it's very hot inside this snowman. Never mind, the effect is excellent. Avast there me hearties! He just goosed me in the lift! That wasn't a goose, it was the parrot, behave yourself! Bravo, both of you, splendid. Honestly, I feel like Gary Glitter in this lot. You'll be lucky. Well obviously I look a right nun. I'm sure none of us is actually overjoyed by this charade, Ms. Brahms. I'm willing of going to work on an egg, but this is ridiculous. Well I hope nobody expects me to sit on a case. Do I have to have this funny quiver round the back? You've always had a funny quiver round the back. Belt up, or I'll break your other leg. I see you're not bothering to dress up then, Mr. Humphries. On my way from the enchanted board room, I found this slipper on the stairs. I wonder whose dainty foot it'll fit. Hey, that's mine, it belongs to me other foot. You sang into the harp tonight, here. I really must congratulate you all on the way you've entered into the spirit of things. Well I haven't and I still think it's stupid. All right, ready when you are! God blimey! I bet Walt Disney's turning in his grave. I object to looking like a boiled egg. Shall I unveil the magic enchanted land what we've knocked up? Yes, please do. I'll bet it's a cheap load of rubbish. All right lads, go on then! What do you think of this? There we go. Oh it's lovely! It's pretty, it's a gingerbread house! And now, for the gents! Have they decorated that as well? All right lads! Oh, isn't that marvelous? Yes, it takes me back to the days when I was a little boy and I was taken to my first pantomime. Speaking as a snowman, I'm beginning to feel more at home now. Holly, mistletoe, big fir trees, and once again the splendid reason, ♫ To celebrate the festive season ♫ Christmas time is here ♫ I've knocked up a land enchanted ♫ Christmas trees, freshly planted ♫ And the reason for my smile ♫ The overtime made it worth while ♫ I, although a senior member ♫ Get lightheaded in November ♫ That's why he's dressed up as an egg ♫ And I've lost half my inside leg ♫ Speaking of behalf of blouses ♫ It's rather drafty round the houses ♫ That must be why I saw you shiver ♫ You should've worn a bigger quiver ♫ Holly, mistletoe, big fir trees ♫ And once again the splendid reason ♫ To celebrate the festive season ♫ Christmas time is here ♫ Even we so far above you ♫ At Christmas time just want to love you ♫ I, after all, must be a sport ♫ I trust I shan't be taken short No glass of water for Mr. Grainger. ♫ Humphries looks so charming ♫ It's his smile that's so disarming ♫ How kind, and if I were a prince ♫ I'd still like Christmas pud and mince ♫ Holly, mistletoe, big fir trees ♫ And once again a splendid reason ♫ To celebrate the festive season ♫ Christmas time is here Young Mr. Grace! And there's the bell! Sit down sir, you've done very well! ♫ We're so happy with our grotto Here's a bottle, let's get blotto! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 