Are You Being Served?: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Are You Being Served? 
 s4e1 - No Sale - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Are You Being Served? (1972–1985): Season 4, Episode 1 - No Sale - full transcript 
 In an effort to boost sales figures, the staff have been asked to come in at the 'crack of dawn' in the hope of catching more customers on their way to work. The sales skyrocket, and it looks as if the new early opening will become permanent. Throuhgly displeased with the thought, the staff steal the previous weeks figures from Mr. Rumbold's office and hatch a plan to not sell any more items, but as Mr.Grainger says, how can you not sell things if people want to buy them? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (cash register ringing) (upbeat music) ♫ Ground floor perfumery ♫ Stationery and leather goods ♫ Wigs and haberdashery ♫ kitchenware and food going up ♫ First floor telephones Nearly 8:30 ladies, you're supposed to be finished no the floor by now. We're not used to coming to work this early. My old man had a fit with his licker, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 had to get his own breakfast. (audience laughing) If you ask me it's ridiculous, opening the shop at this hour. Who wants to go shopping an hour past eight in the morning? One has to experiment, that's why we built the Concord. Hear that Ethel, he'll let us come in to work on the Concord next. (audience laughing) (elevator door ringing) [Rumbold] Good morning Captain Peacock. Good morning Mr. Rumbolds. What have you got there? A cup of coffee, and what was described at Fred's Caff as a bacon butty. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (audience laughing) I thought Mrs. Peacock always got your breakfast. Not at 0600 hours. (audience laughing) I tried to wake her up. She turned over, and murmured something which sounded remarkably like get knotted. (audience laughing) Still I'm sure the early start will pay dividend. (elevator door ringing) (audience laughing) What did I tilly, we've got a customer already. Can I help you sir? Don't be daft, it's me. (audience laughing) My dad gave us a lift in on the back of his motor bike. We picked up Mrs. Slocum on the way. That's rather dangerous, three of you on a motorcycle. She was in the sidecar. (audience laughing) (elevator door ringing) (audience laughing) This is the last time. (audience laughing) Willy said it was a T.T rider, I thought he meant, he didn't drink. (audience laughing) Well I told you to face the front. (audience laughing) I couldn't bare to see where I was going. Oh he's going to cost me a fortune at Madame Barrels to get this knot back into shape. (audience laughing) Well, at least you're here on time Mrs. Slocum. Time for what? (audience laughing) There won't be any customers you know. And what it's doing to my domestic arrangements. Having a bath at six O'clock in the morning, played havoc with my pussy. (audience laughing) I mean he sleeps in the airing cupboard, and the gurgling of the tank woke him up. (elevator door ringing) Ah ha, Mr. Granger. Reliable as ever. I've had the most unpleasant experience. Mrs. Granger hit me over the head with a bottle of bismol. Didn't your wife under cook your breakfast either? Apparently, when I woke her up, she was dreaming in which she was on Aero Flynn's yacht. (audience laughing) Oh, well she's got a friend. No, no, it was much more complicated than that, she was Areo Flynn. (audience laughing) I shall have to sort it all out when I get home. Now well, only Mr. Humphreys and Mr. Lucas to come. Yes, Mr. Humpreys maybe a little late, he was going away for the weekend I believe. Oh well, I hope in all, continue to make a special effort to get here on time. Because I'm sure that the sales figure is resulting from the early opening, will fully justify my faith in the new system. (elevator door ringing) (audience laughing) You're not joining, I hope. Of course I'm not joining up, it was the only way I could get to Newcastle to Ponteland and four o'clock in the morning. (audience laughing) People are very kind to the services you know. (audience laughing) You were lucky to get away with it. You know you should have the name of your ship on your headband. If the Naval Police had spotted that, you'd have got in to trouble. And I've got in to worse trouble if they'd seen what was on before. (audience laughing) What was that? Kiss my Quig. (audience laughing) Didn't anyone thing that the umbrella was peculiar? Oh yes, but when they questioned it, I said it was to keep my hair dry in the fair Iles. (audience laughing) You know, I'm surprised you didn't wear the whole uniform. Oh well I used to. But people kept wanting to touch me collar for luck. I bet you met a lot of nice girls that way. I did. Not to mention a roving reporter, a trendy bishop, a string-vestite, and a dustman with a very interesting tale to tell. (audience laughing) (doorbell ringing) In our places everybody. Oh come on it, full tier. Mrs. Slocum, uncover your bust please. (audience laughing) I beg your pardon? Your counter bust Mrs. Slocum, we're open for business. Oh yes, of course. Captain Peacock, I don't want to be a tell-tale, but our Mr. Lucas is not in yet. Isn't that correct Mr. Humphrey? - Yes, that's correct Mr. Granger. (audience laughing) I'm quite aware of the situation, but you did right to bring it to our attention. I just hope he has a good excuse. (elevator door ringing) (audience laughing) Good morning Captain Peacock. (laughing) You know, you're never going to believe this, (audience laughing) but my poor old crippled mother, overslept this morning and she forgot to wake me up. (audience laughing) Then I missed the bus, so she had to give me a lift in her invalid carriage. (audience laughing) I kept telling her to put her foot down, her good one, that is, (audience laughing) And then the police stopped her for speeding and they gave her a breathalyzer. But now unfortunately she only had time to cook my breakfast this morning and all she had was a quick liquor chocolate on the way out, well now, it was still on her breath when she blew up the bag you see. (audience laughing) And all the time, I've been to Bowstreet and bailed her out, well, I was very nearly late. (audience laughing) - You are late Mr. Lucas. (audience laughing) That's because I met young Mr. Gray's on the ground floor. "Ah, good morning Mr. Lucas" he said, how clever are you to get here on time. Well by the time I told him how I was very nearly late, I was. (audience laughing) But go on, you can ask him. (shaver buzzing) But at least you could've shaved before you left home. No, I been shaving all morning sir. I mean it's the battery, you see, they're getting a bit low. Me mother uses em during the week in her deaf aid. (audience laughing) How did it sound? (laughing) Wonderful. Makes Doctor Who's adventures seem quite normal. (audience laughing) And it's much better than the one about you helping to delivery a baby, for a titled lady on a bicycle, that had to remain anonymous. (audience laughing) Ah well, here we are at 8:30 in the morning, when's it all going to start then? When's the rush going to happen? Well, to quote Mr. Rumbled, the creative platform of this idea, is built upon, is based on the premises, that by opening earlier, we shall catch customers on the way to work. Well if you ask me, people on their way to work, won't have time to buy anything. (elevator door ringing) Good morning sir, are you bring, oh you are. Sixth suit on the dummy in the window, 32 pounds, size 38. Can I help you sir? That's it! (audience laughing) Oh it's heck yes, that's the new line, and very popular indeed you know, it's in plier, and goat wool, and 50% manmade fiber, and then you, Mr. Granger, Not when I'm selling Mr. Humphreys, please. It's sold Mr. Granger, he's gone. But I never told him moodle sleeves would ride up with wear. Glass of water for Mr. Granger. (audience laughing) Good morning sir. Gloves. - Size? - This is seasonable weather. Large. This. Color? Black. One large black. Fits. How much? Five pounds. I see that you're interested in gloves sir. (audience laughing) The gentleman is interested in gloves Mr. Lucas - It's all over Mr. Granger. (audience laughing) Oh bloody. Hello, menswear. (audience laughing) No this is not Mr. Humphreys. (audience laughing) It's for you, it's a lady. Well there's no need to sound so surprised. (audience laughing) Hello. Oh hello mother. Yes of course I'm all right. She came to stay with me last night and found that I wasn't in bed. Yes dear. Well I put me pajamas on the bolster, that you'd think it was me in bed when you arrived. (audience laughing) Well how did you know it wasn't? Well, I don't sleep with Paddington bear anymore. (audience laughing) His wellingtons were so cold. (audience laughing) No, no, no, I've been hitchhiking dressed as a sailor. (audience laughing) For a party. Was it for a party the last time as well? (audience laughing) Mother, now I am over 21. Well over. (audience laughing) Yes, of course I'm still your little boy. (laughing) No, I haven't changed a bit. Well not much. (audience laughing) Well I can't help it if I'm popular can I? Oh, that reminds me, if a man rings up with a Scottish accent, you're the cleaner and you've never heard of me. (audience laughing) Mhm. No, I don't owe him any money. I don't owe him anything. (audience laughing) What do you mean there's someone coming up the garden path in a kilt? (audience laughing) Mummy, look, lock the door and hide in the cupboard. (audience laughing) I'll phone you before I leave here. Whatever you do, don't open the door unless it's a young policeman carrying a rolled umbrella. And if I can borrow a helmet from the toy department, that'll be me. (audience laughing) Well take the phone into the cupboard with you. Bye. (laughing) It's all go at your place isn't it? And it's only Monday. (audience laughing) This early morning opening seems to be working. They've taken almost for quid over there, and that's before they've unlocked the till. That won't happen over here, Mrs. Brahns. Shopping is an art. And women, like to take their time to assess the goods and make a decision. I mean men just see something they want and grab hold of it. (audience laughing) You noticed? Yes I heard, it happened to me in the pub last night. (audience laughing) It didn't did it? Mhm. There was this bloke and this open neck shirt, and a hairy chest with big muscles, and the pub was jammed pack and I was wearing, Just a minute. How old was this man? (audience laughing) Oh he must've been 40 if he was a day. - Oh quite young really. (audience laughing) Go on. I was wearing my skin-tight jeans, you know those the ones with the false patch just there. "Blimey" he says, "there's a stick going." Grabs hold and won't let go. (audience laughing) Oh I just imagine. Go on. Well didn't wanna shout and make a fuss of anything. No, one doesn't does one. So what did you do? Well, I ordered a large gin and tonic with a lot of ice, put it on his bill and poured it down the front of his trousers. (audience laughing) That got his hand off. Do some men take, terrible liberties. Where exactly is this place? (audience laughing) Good morning madame, not a very nice morning is it, but still, The guest at a wedding at 10:30, need hat. Oh do hurry please, I'm late. A millinery occasion Mr. Brahns, this way. Ah this is the last one of these, it was a very exclusive line. Oh that does suit madame. Oh that does suit madame. (audience laughing) Oh that does suit madame. (audience laughing) Oh that does suit madame. Oh that does suit madame. (audience laughing) Oh that does suit madame. Mrs. Slocum, your needles stuck in the groove. (audience laughing) I just can't make up my mind. How much are these? They're all five pounds. I'll take the lot. One, two, three, four, that's 20 pounds. Right, thanks. Well, did you ever see anything like that? What was that? They're at 50, 90. It was probably the 10:30 bride. (audience laughing) Yes, very satisfactory. Are you referring to the cream pudding sir? No. No, the remarkable jump in the sales figures this morning. It's very gratifying, when one plays a hunch and it comes off. Yes sir. This whole thing that made Churchill great. The right decision, taken at the right time. Turning defeat into victory. It's an ability I put to very good use in the war, you know, the army. There must be times when you miss the catering quarter. (audience laughing) I must say the staff don't look too happy. I think we're all just getting over the early start sir. Still they'll soon settle down. Mm. Hows your cream pudding? Hasn't quite fulfilled it's promise. (audience laughing) I don't know, it promised to be awful and it's disgusting. It's disgusted it lacks definition. It's more like distemper. (audience laughing) What is custard? Well, real custard is made with new laid eggs, fresh creamy milk and refined castor sugar. This lot's made of edible starch, coloring, flavoring, a modest sodium glutamate. (audience laughing) How do you know? Well, the library was shut the other day, so I read the packets in me panty. (audience laughing) Well, it's no good, I just have to eat it, it's been such a long time since breakfast. I hope we don't go on with this early morning experiment. Yeah, well the way I see it, they're bound to. How do you arrive at that hypothesis? (audience laughing) Beg your pardon? I won't say that again. (audience laughing) My teeth are caught up with this custard. (audience laughing) I mean it stands to reason doesn't it. I mean look at the sales we made in the first half hour. I mean we were a hundred quid up this morning. But we weren't far short. Yeah, but I mean if we go on like this, at the end of the day, and we're up that much, well I mean, this early morning start could be way of life. Well if it does, I shall have to change my milkman. (audience laughing) And did you get his name? (audience laughing) Well this morning, was the first time I'd met him face to face. And it was a very nasty experience. (audience laughing) I think he'd been to see one of those films you know, confessions of a milkman. If he hadn't had his hands full of raspberry yogurt, I wouldn't have been here to tell the tale. (audience laughing) What did we take last Monday? I don't know, what did we take last Monday Mr. Granger? Don't ask me, my memories like a Like a sieve. Thank you Mr. Lucas. (audience laughing) All we got to do, is find out what we did take last Monday and then keep below it. But old Jackie has keeps all the figures in his office. Well someone will have to have a peep. How? Well, listen, someone will have to get him out of his office. And then while he's out, one of us could nip in and nip through his files. It's just the sort of thing that Bulldog Graham would have done when he was trying to outwit Oscar Peterson. You mean, Carl Peterson. Oscar Peterson plays the piano. He didn't play the piano when Bulldog Graham was there. (audience laughing) What are you doing? I'm making a dice out of this sugar cube. Now listen, we'll throw it, whoever gets the smallest number, does the deed. Oh isn't it exciting? Mr. Granger, you go first. What is this? It's, I'll explain later. Now just put the sugar in the cup and shake it. (audience laughing) Mrs. Slocum, look everything's fixed. Now look you phone up Rumbled and get him out here and leave the rest to me. Out and Roger. (audience laughing) Would you connect me with Mr. Rumbled please. (phone ringing) Rumbled here. You don't now me, I supported you at the school sclab last night. (audience laughing) Oh yes, what is the nature of your inquiry? I was in the gallery and I couldn't take my eyes off you. (audience laughing) [Mr. Rumbles] To whom am I speaking? Oh, you wouldn't have noticed little me. I'm only 21 with long blond hair and a 40 inch bust. (audience laughing) But our eyes did meet briefly for a second when you lept into the air and hit that winning shock. You have terribly exciting knees. (audience laughing) Hold on. Have I got this right? You're 40 with a 21 inch bust, No it's the other way around. (audience laughing) What's the other way around? Oh nevermind. Now, the fact is that I made inquiries, and I found out where your place of work was and I must speak to you because I've got this thing about bald headed men. (audience laughing) But I'm happily married. Well I've got this thing about happily married bald headed men. Swell, you're note alone in that you know. (audience laughing) I'm coming to see you in your office. Good heavens, are you in the building? Yes, I'm in the restroom. More tea dear? Hold on, hold on, you can't come down here. I'll see you in a minute my sweet, meet me at the lift. Wait, but how shall I know you? Oh well, I'll just go over my vital statistics again. (audience laughing) I'm 21, with blue eyes, long blonde hair, a tiny waist, and a 40 inch bust. (audience laughing) Oh Mrs. Slocum. Goodbye Ethel. Mrs. Slocum, We do not make personal calls in the firm's time. Neither do we contre vine the traits descriptions accurately. (audience laughing) Here he comes. Well go on then. Alright. (audience laughing) Everything all right sir? Oh, yes, yes, yes. I was just counting the customers. Well at the moment, we have one there, and one over there. Good, I'll make a note of that. Carry on Captain Peacock. (audience laughing) Carry on, Captain Peacock. - I am carrying on sir. (audience laughing) This is what I do. What all day? All day. I'll make a note of that as well. (audience laughing) (phone ringing) Figures. (audience laughing) I heard the phone ringing so I came in to answer it in case it was urgent. Mr. Rumbled. Well why haven't you answered it? Yes. Well I suddenly thought to myself, perhaps it's a private call and Mr. Rumbled won't want me to answer it I thought. Yes. Well answer it now, ask them if they're 21 with long blond hair and a 40 inch bust. Are you 21, with long blond hair and a 40 inch bust? Um me, me. I'm 80, with short white hair and aren't any bust at all. (audience laughing) I've got it. Well quick before Peacock gets back from his break. Now what was it? Last Monday, 325. What have we taken so far? Well I'm up to 170 already. And we have 150. And it's already half passed two. Well any suggestions? Couldn't we close? No, but you've given me an idea. We could stop selling. Stop selling, how could you stop selling if people come in to buy? - That's quite easy. How? Put them off. - How? Well that's easy, instead of pushing things, you do the opposite. Come on. (audience laughing) Good afternoon sir, may I help you? No your assistant is attending to my wife, she's buying an evening dress. An evening dress? About what price range? 95 pounds. (audience laughing) 95, excuse me. (audience laughing) Yes Mrs. Slocum. How's the sale going? Oh she looks lovely in it. If you sell it, we're done. Well she likes it. I haven't seen it yet. Do come out when you're ready madam. Well Henry, what do you think? What do you think? You're paying for it. You've got to wear it. It rather looks quite enchanting. It's a delightful garment. I'm afraid madam's husband isn't quite so sure. And I mean, can't you agree with him? (audience laughing) Well I didn't say I didn't like it. Oh no, no, no. You must speak your mind. I think madam carries it very well. Oh thank you. What do you think about the color sir? Well now you mention is, it is a bit bold. I think madam can get away with a bold color. Well she'll certainly be noticed. (audience laughing) May I inquire what the function is? Its the firm's dance. Oh you'll be the belle of the ball. And is sir, the managing director? No I'm manager of accounts. Well If I may say so, one has to be careful not to outshine one's superior's wives at these do's. On the other hand, a man is often judged by his wife. I mean it doesn't pay to be too flamboyant when you're handling the firm's money. (audience laughing) Mrs. Slocum, I'm not suggesting that the gentleman has been tipping in the till. Well then how could he afford a dress like that? (audience laughing) I've been very careful all my life! Don't call payin 95 pounds for a dress for one occasion careful. But, if madam is happy, then no price is too great. He's not doing it for her, he's pandering to his own ego. Showing off in front of the boys. It was your idea Henry. I'd sooner have had a washing machine. (audience laughing) There you are you see, why aren't you getting one? Cause he can't show it off a a dance. If you want a washing machine, I'll buy you a washing machine. I do want a washing machine. Well, well take off that stupid dress for a start. You look like a great big stuffed turkey. (audience laughing) Oh, what a horrible thing to say! Oh we're getting the truth now are we? You never loved me anyway! (audience laughing) Madam of course he did. No, he didn't One word out of place and she turns the waterworks on. And you can go to the dance alone! Oh I shall go to the dance, but I shan't go alone. Ah! Oh the truth's coming out now isn't it! It's the girl on the Comptometer, it all adds up. Madam don't jump to conclusions. Ah but she doesn't need a 95 pound dress to show herself off. I don't need a 95 pound dress either! Ahh, I hate it! I hate it! I'm gonna have to charge you for that you know. You've just ruined a perfectly good dress. You've just ruined a perfectly good marriage. Just like crossroads isn't it? (audience laughing) Oh Mr. Grace, this is indeed an honor sir. Well, mean I've been waiting for you. Oh, I've been checking the takings sir. The new scheme was going very well until this afternoon, then for some inexplicable reason, they dropped off. What dropped off? (audience laughing) The takings. We're still 20 pounds short on our last Monday's total. Yes well I can't go back on my word. If the figures don't improve, the scheme's off. Well we still got a little time to go sir. Yes, well, at the end of the day, I come back here to my office, and put the figures here, on my desk. Excuse me sir, this is not your office. This is my office. This is my desk. (audience laughing) Oh, well. That's our wife then. (audience laughing) [Mr. Rumbled] Yes sir. Thank God for that. (audience laughing) Five minutes to go. I don't think I can live through another day like this. I've lost eight pounds in commission. I thought it was a bit cheeky mind you told that Arab that you thought they were Jewish umbrellas. (audience laughing) (elevator door ringing) Mr. Granger, Mr. Humphreys. Customer. Oh blimey, if he wants anything more than the shirt stud, shoot him. Leave it to me. Can I help you sir? Thank you, I'd like a raincoat. Oh, we don't sell many of those these days. What do you want it for? - To keep out the rain. (audience laughing) Well we haven't got any that'll keep out the rain. We've got one or two that might strain it for you. (audience laughing) If you really want to keep out the rain you want to go to the yachting department and get yourself an oil skin. I do use an umbrella. And I'd like the raincoat I saw in the window for 28 pounds. Ah, that range has been marked up to 40. Oh, oh I see. Sorry I can't oblige. That's alright, good day. Well done Mr. Humphrey. Look out. Excuse me. Why can't I have that one in the window that's marked 28? What size are you sir? 40. Ah well that's a 34 you see, that's why it's going cheap. Ah I see. (audience laughing) Well done Mr. Lucas. I don't believe it. (audience laughing) Well I suppose as they've all gone up, that's all there is to it, I'll take one for 40 pounds. Raincoat Mr. Lucas. Oh it's alright, just wrap it up, I'll take it. No, sir you must try it on. It's more than my jobs worth to let you leave the department without trying it on. Here we are. It's alright. There. Well then. (audience laughing) Oh, just look at that terrible stitching. How could they let it out of the work room like that? Hmm, you may well ask Mr. Lucas. Well I have to ask Mr. Humphreys. I mean we have a sacred trust toward our customers. Look at that. Uneven sleeves. (audience laughing) Well, I always have this trouble, me arms are uneven. I'm used to it, you know. Oh yeah. Well let's consider the color them. Now you can't wear that color with that color hair. (Laughing) well of course the gentleman could change the color of his hair. I agree with you, but my wife insists I wear clothes this color. Well the gentleman could change his wife. Yeah I tried to, but she didn't like it. (audience laughing) No it'll do fine. Go on wrap it up. Despite the fact that it's the wrong color? And it isn't waterproof? Yes, just wrap it up. And I must say, I'm really most impressed with your honesty. One would think you didn't want to sell me an overcoat. (audience laughing) And that's because you've got a fat face, piggy eyes, and a pimple on your nose. (audience laughing) You young salesmen just don't know how not to sell clothes. (audience laughing) Mr. Granger, are you free? Yes I'm free. A customer just complained to me that you said he had a fat face, piggy eyes and a pimple on his nose. Captain Peacock. Am I the sort of man who would tell a customer that he had a fat face, piggy eyes and a pimple on his nose? No, of course not Ernest. I'm sorry. Thank you. (audience laughing) (audience applauding) (upbeat music)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 