Are You Being Served?: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Are You Being Served? 
 s1e2 - Our Figures Are Slipping - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Are You Being Served? (1972–1985): Season 1, Episode 2 - Our Figures Are Slipping - full transcript 
 Sales figures for the department are lower than expected so Mr.Rumbold has instructed the staff on new sales techniques. Besides viewing the store as a ship or a battlefield, Mr.Rumbold feels that the staff, particularly Mr.Lucas, should smile more in an effort to charm the customers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ground floor, perfumery, stationery and leather goods, wigs and haberdashery, kitchenware and food, going up. First floor, telephones, gents ready-made suits, shirts, socks, ties, hats, underwear and shoes, going up. - Good morning, Captain Peacock. - 8:58. - As departmental head of ladies' ready-mades I hardly think it necessary for me to clock in like a char. - I'm not asking you to do anything 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that I have not done myself, Mrs. Slocombe. Captain Peacock, 8:31. And what has happened to Miss Brahms? - She isn't late, she's powdering her nose. - She ought to sign in first. - It was very urgent that she powdered it when she did. And I gave her permission so to do. - Morning, Daphne. - Morning. - Morning, Captain Peacock. 8:59 and 10... 10 seconds, yes. I would've been here at 8:58 but I caught my handbag in the lift. - Well, it's Miss Brahms' actually. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She left it on the stairs. She must have been in rather a hurry. Besides, I wouldn't be seen dead with imitation crocodile. Not with these shoes, anyway. Morning, Mr. Grainger. - Good morning, Mr. Humphries. - My word, we have got nice rosy cheeks this morning. - Yes, I walked through the park in order to give my toast crust to the ducks. My wife doesn't like me to leave them, but these new teeth of mine were a little too much for them. You know, even the ducks have to wait until they go soggy. - They'll probably be all right when you've run them in a bit. - That was a near thing. - Not quite near enough, Mr. Lucas. It is one minute past nine. - That is not the point, Mr. Lucas. You're expected here at nine o'clock, not one minute after. - Ah well, Captain, I was here. I was outside at five minutes to nine, but just as I was coming in a man was crossing the road and he got knocked down. A tall, military-looking man he was. Oh deary me, I thought, it's Captain Peacock. He was early like me and he's got knocked down crossing the road. My heart was in my mouth, sir. I thought to myself, not Captain Peacock, not struck down at the height of his career. "Stand back!" I said. "I'll give my blood for Captain Peacock!" Anyway, by the time I fought me way through the crowd, found out it wasn't you, but some dirty old tramp and then got back here it was one minute after. Oh, just a minute, sir. - A small insect has crept out of your carnation and crouched on your collar. - Deal with it, Lucas. - Certainly, sir. There you are, it's dead. Was there anything else, sir? - Yes. Get me a 15 1/2 collar from stock and then present yourself to Mr. Rumbold's office at 9:15 with your sales book. - Yes sir, certainly, sir. - Sorry I'm late, Captain Peacock. - That's all right, Miss Brahms. - She has been powdering her nose. - To your counter, Mr. Lucas. - Sir. - Take your coat. - He said I've got to report to Rumbold at 9:15 with my sales book. What does that mean? - Well, in the terms of the Almighty's grand plan for the universe, very little. But as far as you're concerned, it probably means you'll be at the Labor Exchange at half-past nine. - I was struggling with this for 10 minutes yesterday, and in front of a customer, too! - Mine's just as bad. It's this damp weather, it's always the same. I better give it a bit of encouragement. Well, they should be, Mr. Rumbold, it's nearly five past nine. - All righty, I'll go and have a word. Is Captain Peacock there? - He's just arrived, sir, he's just putting his collar on. - We expect you to get dressed before you arrive at Grace Brothers, Captain Peacock. I do not expect to find you unattired at five past nine. - I can explain, sir. - I don't want to hear any excuses, I want to have a word with all the members of your department. - Of course, sir, of course. Mr. Grainger, would you step this way, please, if you're free? - Yes, I'm free, Captain Peacock. - Mr. Humphries, Mr. Lucas. - Free, Captain Peacock. Oh, very free, Captain Peacock. - Step this way. Mrs. Slocombe, Miss Brahms, one moment, please. - Oh, Miss Brahms. Before we go any further, Mr. Rumbold, Miss Brahms and I would like to complain about the state of our drawers. They're a positive disgrace. - Our drawers, they're sticking. It's always the same in damp weather. - Miss Brahms could hardly shift hers at all just now. - They sent up a man who put beeswax on them but that made them worse. - I'm not surprised. - I think they need sandpapering. - Well, you see, I puff French chalk on mine and they're as smooth as silk. - Well, perhaps you could puff some French chalk over Mrs. Slocombe's. - Would that solve your problem, Mrs. Slocombe? - They ought to be changed. I've had them ever since I've been here. - Perhaps we can look into it some other time, Mrs. Slocombe. Mr. Rumbold has matters of a much more pressing nature to discuss. - They're very pressing as far as I'm concerned. Perhaps Mr. Rumbold would like to have a go and see how far he gets. - I think we should consider the matter closed for the moment, Mrs. Slocombe. Now, I have been deeply distressed to learn of the slump in our sales over the past four weeks, which I'm sure you've all observed, hm? - Yes, I have observed it. Haven't you, Mr. Grainger? - Oh, a very definite slump, I would say. Had you observed it, Mr. Humphries? - Oh, I've observed it, Mr. Grainger. You observed it, too, didn't you, Mr. Lucas? - Oh yes, definitely. I had observed it, Mr. Humphries, yes, oh yes. - If you remember rightly I mentioned it to you last Tuesday. - Yes, and I mentioned it to you Captain Peacock. - That's right. That's what caused me to discuss it with you, sir. - I think that's what first alerted me to the crisis in the first place. Now, the thing is, I don't want to put too fine a point upon it, why? - Ah. Have you any theories to advance, Mr. Grainger? After all, you've been with us longer than most. - Well, from a very considerable experience in the trade, I would say that these things come and go. - That's very true, of course. - And very profound. - As departmental head of the ladies' section, I think I should've been asked next. - Of course, Mrs. Slocombe, I'm sorry. Have you any suggestions? - No. - Thank you. - But I do like to be asked. - Well, I think it's the weather, don't you, Mr. Lucas? - Yes, yes, that's it, definitely, definitely. Yes, it's definitely, oh, it's the weather, yes. That, plus the fact that we've had no customers. - Well, the points that you've all raised are very valid, but I think the time has come for action. - Here, here. - Thank you. I therefore think it would pay us to examine our whole customer handling technique and to that end I shall be holding a course in salesmanship, a class in salesmanship, this evening after the store closes. - It's very short notice. There's my pussy to consider. - I beg your pardon. - If it's not convenient, I shall of course understand, but I would remind you all that unless sales improve we shall have to cut down on our staff. - Oh, it's convenient. - I suppose it'll be all right. - Tiddles will have to cross his legs. - I presume you will not be needing me, sir. I have two tickets for the Tidworth Tattoo. - Your attendance would be valuable, Captain Peacock. - It's ta-ta to the Tattoo. - Yes, well, I think that's all for the moment. Oh, Mr. Lucas, perhaps you would come to my office now. I want to go over your personal sales record for the past month. Oh, and bring your book with you, hm? - Yes, sir. - I don't know what you want your book for. I would've thought you'd remember your sales, all three of them. - Oh, charming. Hey-ho, hey-ho, it's out of work we go. - Honestly, it's the limit. They don't pass into your private life at all. - No, but I might've had. - I suppose I ought to phone Mrs. Grainger and tell her to keep the pie warm in the oven. - Yes, tell her to turn the Regulo down to a quarter. If she hardens that crust it'll play havoc with your gums. - Right, positions everybody, the meeting's over. Come on, ladies, come on, please. - Come in, Mr. Lucas. Oh. - I believe you wanted to have a little chat with me, sir. - Shut the door, please. Now, Lucas, I have here your personal sales graph. I presume you know what this means? - I'm afraid so. I presume you understand it? - Well, if I was a doctor the patient would be dead. - There is no cause for levity. - It's nerves, sir. - Understandable. Nonetheless, this is a very poor performance. I always think that there is a reason for a poor performance. Now, a happy salesman is a good salesman. And you don't look happy, Mr. Lucas. I think if you could smile more it would help. - Well, I'm sorry if I haven't been smiling enough, Mr. Rumbold. - There must be a reason. Are you, and I don't wish to pry, but are you, are you unhappy at home? - Ah, yes. That could very well be it, yes. - And now we're getting somewhere. Sit down and tell me about it. - Thank you, yes. It's my environment, you see, sir. You see, I've only got this one shabby little room. - Yes, yes, a very poor part of Highgate, though, mind. And ever since we took in that Asian to help make ends meet, well... The strain has been too much for my crippled mother and she's had to give up her job at the skating rink. Taking the tickets. - I had no idea. - Yes. Well... What with that and the fact that the cat's got asthma and has been coughing all night. Well, with all that and also the fact that I have to, we have to cook on a broken old gas ring, well, there are days when somehow life seems to have lost its magic. And particularly since we've had an eviction order this morning. But as you suggest, Mr. Rumbold, I will do my best and try and smile a bit more. - This really is a most terrible story. - I feel it should be entered into your record. - Ah, yes. - Now, let me see, you live in Cripplegate. - Highgate. - Highgate, Highgate. And your mother is an Asian. - No, no, we took in an Asian. - Your mother has a cough. - No, no, the cat's got the cough. - And you're supporting this Asian on a broken gas ring. - Yes, well, if the elastic goes again, we'll return them to the manufacturer's. Good morning, madame. - Mrs. Slocombe, I hope your cat won't suffer unduly from its enforced confinement. - Oh, it's not confined, it's shut up. Well, let's hope that you won't be too late. - And too bad about your Tattoo, Captain Peacock. - I always thought tattoos were things you did on men's chests with needles and blue ink. - Not only on men's chests, Miss Brahms. - Oh, Captain Peacock, what will you say next? Well, as a matter of fact, it reminds me of a bit of doggerel I picked up in the mess. - Oh yes. - On the chest of a barmaid from sail, was tattooed all the prices of ale. Whilst on her behind for the sake of the blind was precisely the same but in Braille. - I do hope your husband likes the sweater, madame. And the washing instructions are very simple. Use lukewarm water, no soap, no detergent, and don't put it in the washing machine. And don't dry it in the sun or in front of an open fire. Oh, and madame, if I were you, half revs on the spin dryer. You're back quick, I was just going to start a collection for your leaving present. - I talked me self out of it. I'm stayin' on. About your grandfather in the iron lung and how you can't afford a shilling for the meter? - No, I gave him the crippled mother with the Asian and the asthmatic cat. - You used a lot of material, there. What did he say? - He said I should try and smile a bit more. - Take that silly grin off your face, Mr. Lucas. It's very bad for trade. - Take no notice of him, he's jealous. If he tried it they'd drop on the floor. - No talking, Lucas, there's a customer. We'd better have a two-minute silence. - Don't be facetious, Mr. Lucas. Your future with this firm is still very much in the balance, you know. Mr. Grainger, are you free? - Oh yes, yes I'm free, Captain Peacock. Yours. - Sharp! - No, and I'd like to see the assistant who served me last Tuesday. - Oh yes, that will be our Mr. Humphries, I think. Mr. Humphries, are you free? - Yes, I'm free, Mr. Grainger. Morning, sir, can I help you? - No, it wasn't you I wanted. He was younger and good looking. - Oh. It had to happen eventually. - Well, then it must be our Mr. Lucas. Are you free, Mr. Lucas? - Oh, as free as air, Mr. Grainger. - Yes, that's the one I want. - There's no accounting for taste. - Well, I'll leave you with our Mr. Lucas. - Yes, I remember you, sir. You're the gentleman I sold the Glen Check with the two vests to last Tuesday. - That's right, and you said if I decided I didn't like it, I could bring it back and you'd refund my money. - Yes, and I don't like it. - Well, ya did like it. - Well, it's my wife that doesn't like it. - Yeah, well, Glen Checks take a bit of getting used to. - I don't want to get used to it, I just want my money back. - If I may interrupt for a moment, sir, we are of course willing to accept the return of your garment, but it is not our policy to refund. We can however give you a credit note for that amount. - But he said if I didn't like it I could have my money back. I might have done. - Well, in a sudden rush of enthusiasm I might have given that impression. - Mr. Lucas, did you or did you not say that the customer could have his money back? I must have an answer. - Well, in the light of Mr. Lucas's confession, sir, we have no alternative but to return your money. Lucas, the till. - Oh, things to be improving for you, Mr. Lucas. How much am I to ring up? - Ring down 20 pounds and 50 pence. - What a load of old codswallop this is. - No. - How 'bout comin' out to the pictures with me, then? - Well, there's Bambi at Studio 2 and then 'round the corner there's The Unsatisfied Virgin. I've seen Bambi. - Forget that because by the time Rumbold's finished rabbiting on, the virgin will have been satisfied and they'll all have gone home. - I'll tell you what, you pretend to faint and I'll carry you out. - I can't faint without an excuse. - We'll tell 'em you're having a baby. - What a pity your ear holes aren't a bit bigger. - 'Cause then you could shove a toothbrush in them and clean out that filthy mind of yours. - Look out, here comes Rumbold. - Oh, just coming, Mr. Rumbold. I was putting my evening face on. - And it's even lovelier than the morning one, Mrs. Slocombe. Oh, thank you, Mr. Lucas. - All right now, I've delegated Mr. Humphries to get some refreshments from the canteen, sir. Hot cocoa and buns. - Hot cocoa, Miss Brahms. Did you hear that? Hot cocoa and buns. It makes the whole thing worthwhile. - Of course there'll be a collection for it. - Oh, I think the management will allow that out of the petty cash. - Oh, that's most generous, Mr. Rumbold. Yes, Grace Brothers certainly know how to look after their workers. - Oh well, we do our best. A satisfied team is an efficient team. - And a satisfied virgin is a virgin no longer. - Dinner is served. Where shall I put it? - I guess we can serve it on the table. - Right, now then. Oh, where's Mr. Grainger? - He was here a short time ago, sir, taking stock of his shirts. See if you can find him, Mr. Lucas, will you? - Oh yes, certainly, Captain Peacock. He's probably putting his evening set of teeth in. Mr. Grainger, Mr. Grainger. Mr... I've got some bad news. I think Mr. Grainger's died at his post. Unless I'm terribly mistaken, he's gone down with his shirts. - Don't be witty, Mr. Lucas. After this morning's incident your continued employment with Grace Brothers is a matter for grave doubt. - Poor old soul, he's been on his feet all day. He probably goes to sleep about this time on the train. - Mr. Grainger. - Mr. Grainger. - Mr. Grainger. - Miss Brahms. - Mr. Grainger. - Baldy. - One hesitates to lay hands on him, but still-- - Oh no, I wouldn't if I were you, Mr. Rumbold, no, no. I mean, just think of it. Sudden shock, heart attack, kicks the bucket. News of the World, "Aged Worker Dies at Hands of Overseer." That wouldn't look good for Grace Brothers now would it? - Okay, Captain Peacock, I think I know what to do. Are you free, Mr. Grainger? - Yes, I'm free. Oh, good afternoon, sir. - Good afternoon, Mr. Grainger. I think we're ready for you now. - Oh, I'm ready, sir, yes. - Now, if you'll all take your places. - Thank you, Captain. - Now then. The first question we have to decide on is do we take our cocoa and buns now or do we wait until we've been going for an hour or two? Mrs. Slocombe, do you feel like having cocoa and buns now? - I never feel like having cocoa and buns. If I'd known the firm was going to be so stingy I'd have gone out and had a Wimpy cheeseburger. - I believe there's some cheese in the buns. - I don't like cheese. - There's not very much cheese in the buns. - I feel I should mention that young Mr. Grace may be coming through during our conference, so perhaps it would be as well to eat now and get the, uh, get the, um, uh-- - Get the banquet over and done with, yes. - I second that. And let's not bother about seniority, let's just dive in, eh? - Good idea. - Would you like to be mother, Mrs. Slocombe? - Well, seeing as I'm not having any I don't see why I should be lumbered pourin' it out. - Perhaps you'll do the honors, Captain Peacock. - Certainly. This is very hard. - I'll see if I can find you a softer one, wait a minute. Those that you haven't squeezed around he's had his chops around! It puts me off. - Aren't you going to have one, Mr. Rumbold? - No, I don't think I want one, thank you. - Anyone else for a half - No thank you. Hardly used, one careful owner. - Yes, but I'll have some just the same. - Oh, that army training certainly came in useful, Captain Peacock. - Now, shall we get down to the purpose for which we are come together? - I was wondering when we were going to get 'round to that. I think it would pay us to examine our whole modus operandi, as it were. Vis a vis the handling of customers from the moment they arrive to the moment when we make the sale. - Or not. - I sometimes regard our whole organization as a ship at sea. Peacock here is at the helm, keeping his eyes skimmed. I am in the engine room making sure we're all going full-steam ahead, and you men are the crew. - Oh, you're the crew, too. Now, what happens when the lift doors open and out steps a customer? - We all man the lifeboats. - Lucas. - Now, I will tell you what happens. Captain Peacock spots him and steers him over to the counter. - Ah, I see, yes I see, sir, yes. The customer has now become the ship. And all the counters are docks. And when he gets to one of our counters we tie him up with our tape measurer and hang on to him until he's been unloaded. - That's not quite what I meant. - Perhaps if I could put it, not more succinctly, but in a way that would be more easily grasped by those unable to understand your simile. I look upon it as a battle. The customer is the enemy. We deploy our forces, lift doors open, customer steps out, and what happens? - We open up the machine guns and bang, bang he's dead. - If we're going on like this, I'm going home. - Bear with me, bear with me. Now, I engage the customer in a little verbal skirmish. He is then outflanked by the ever alert Mr. Grainger. Humphries. - Yes, I'm free. - Thank you. Now, the trouble appears to be that some of the customers are getting away. Now, where is the weak link in the chain? - I think you may have something there, Captain Peacock. Perhaps there is a weak link in the chain. Perhaps we really should examine our whole customer handling technique from the very beginning. Now, I will be a customer. I shall arrive at the lift and I want you all to take it right through from the moment when Captain Peacock spots me, to the moment when we make the sale. - Good idea, sir. - Now, I want you all to observe very carefully what happens. We may possibly learn something from this, hm? - Now, deploy yourselves in your usual positions and keep your eyes open. As Mr. Rumbold says, we may all learn something from this. We are ready, Mr. Rumbold. He's stuck. Get him out, Mr. Humphries. - Well, we've certainly learned something, Miss Brahms. We've learned that Mr. Rumbold doesn't know how to open the lift. - I'm sorry, I pushed the floor button and then the lift moved so I pushed the emergency stop and then, of course, the doors wouldn't open. - Oh, there's somebody coming down in the other lift. - That'll be young Mr. Grace. - Young Mr. Grace is coming by. Good evening everybody. Good evening, Mr. Grace. - I hear you've been having a sales conference. - That's right, Mr. Grace. - And it's been going very well, sir. - I was a salesman once, you know. I had a stall in the markets. We sold fish. Smelly stuff. - You were very wise to have a department store instead, Mr. Grace. - Been having a good tuck - Oh yes, thank you, Mr. Grace, it was delicious. - Good, well, I'm glad we're looking after you. Well, you've all done very well and it's time you all went home. Oh, thank you, Mr. Grace. - You're a cheeky young monkey, aren't you? - One of our most promising young men, sir. - Yes, well, sir. It's a good fit. Nice material. - Yeah, it's vicuna, sir. - Yes, I always wear vicuna. Well, I'll take it. Have it put on my account. A very forceful sale. - Personally trained by me, sir. - Yes, we could do with more of that sort. - Yes indeed, sir. - Well, don't be late in the morning. No, Mr. Grace. - You've all done very well. Thank you, Mr. Grace. - He seems in a very good mood. - Yes, I've seldom seen him in such a good mood. - That was a very smart bit of selling, Mr. Lucas. You see, the smile does the trick. - Oh, it does indeed, Mr. Rumbold, yes. - You obviously know your stock very well. Even I was unaware that we had a vicuna coat. - We haven't. Mr. Lucas sold Mr. Grace his own coat. - Mr. Lucas sold Mr. Grace Mr. Lucas's coat? - No, Mr. Lucas sold Mr. Grace Mr. Grace's coat. - I see. Well, I think we've all learned a great deal this evening. - Here, do you still fancy The Unsatisfied Virgin? - Well, I'm game if you're game. - Oh, all right then, come on. - I must practice that smile myself. Ground floor, perfumery, stationery and leather goods, wigs and haberdashery, kitchenware and food, going up. First floor, telephones, gents ready-made suits, shirts, socks, ties, hats, underwear and shoes, going up. Second floor, carpets, travel goods and bedding, material, soft furnishing, restaurant, and teas, going down. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 