Are You Being Served?: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Are You Being Served? 
 s2e5 - Hoorah for the Holidays - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Are You Being Served? (1972–1985): Season 2, Episode 5 - Hoorah for the Holidays - full transcript 
 Due to the fact that Mr.Grace is having the entire department redecorated, management has offered 5 pounds inconvenience money if the staff take their holidays in August. Very unhappy about the situation, the staff refuse to comply, so Mr.Grace offers them various holiday packages for them to choose from. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Ground floor perfumery, stationery and leather goods, ♫ wigs and haberdashery, ♫ kitchenware and food ♫ Going up ♫ First floor telephones, gents ready-made suits - Certainly sir. Mr. Lucas, are you free? - I'm free Mr. Humphreys. - Your customer for the made to measure suit. - Ah, good morning sir. And may I say, what a lovely morning it is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 One can almost feel a touch of spring in the air, don't you almost feel there's a touch of spring in the air, Mr. Humphreys? - Now that you mention it Mr. Lucas, I did feel a bit frisky about half past seven this morning. Mind you, it was a waste of time. - Fetch the gentleman's suit, Mr. Lucas. - Yes, one suit coming up, Mr. Granger. - I'll take the customer into the changing room, Mr. Granger, and put his clothes on a coat hanger. - And come straight back, Mr. Humphreys. - And that's of the main street in Ajaxi. - Oh, my girlfriend went there last year, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but she didn't like it. Every time she went out, she got her bottom pinched. - Well, of course, that only happens to a certain class of person. I mean, my friend Mrs. Elthrope and me walked up and down there one entire evening and nothing happened. - No, I think I'll try somewhere else. I've decided on Tunisia. I feel in the mood for palm trees and deserts. - Oh well, that's funny, because my girlfriend went there the year before last year, and she didn't like that either, 'cause she got tangled up with this sheik what wanted to put in his harem. Where exactly was that? - No, they're photographs of my holiday last year, Captain Peacock. - Well, perhaps we could have a look at them after hours, eh Mrs. Sloakam? - We couldn't have a look at them at all, Captain Peacock. - Let him see that one of you in your bikini. - Oh no, Ms. Bronze. - I just don't care when I'm on the continent. I must say it's the first time I've ever seen anybody doing a cartwheel with an ice cream in both hands. - You've got it upside down. - Yes, I did think the sky was rather overcast. - I'd just been in the ice cream parlor, and I'd just come out. - Yes, you had, didn't you. - My boyfriend wants me to go on those adventure holiday trips with him. - Oh that would have been very exciting. And where were you going, India? - Well, we never got that far because when I said I wanted separate sleeping bags, he went off the idea. - I think Mr. Mash is trying to attract our attention. - It's nine thirty, Captain. Do you mind if I bring my audible self on to the floor, Captain? In my dirty, scruffy overall, which you don't like the customers to see, sir? - You are permitted to come on the floor, Mash, provided you have a good reason. - I have. I've come to stick this up Mrs. Sloakam's corsets. - And about time, too. - It's for the Firm You Up Fat Fighter Control Corset. It's been here for three days. - It's a mystery to us all. - There you are, Mrs. Sloakam. Your juice is one. - Well, I'm not having that there all day long, having indigestion. - It certainly would be more acceptable, if it didn't inflate quite so much. I mean, if it sort of. - You haven't improved it, Captain Peacock. - Take it away, Mash. Take it away. - Mr. Humphrey, how did it come to pass that Mr. Lucas got the made to measure customer. - Well it was when you were away poorly with your back, Mr. Granger. I was fitting a gentleman for a pair of bathing shorts, and before I knew where I was, Mr. Lucas had taken them down. - No, the measurements for the made to measure. - Well I must do the fitting, so bring the pincushion and the chalk. - Yes, Mr. Granger. - Oh! - Yes, well, considering it's your first fitting, they're very near. Have you put weight on, sir. - No, as a matter of fact I'm on a diet. - Ah yes, I remember you mentioned you were on a diet when I was measuring you, yes. So I allowed for it, you see. Yes, another couple of months, they'll probably fit perfectly. - Mr. Lucas, Mr. Granger's here to do the fitting. - Good morning, sir. - Good morning. - Yes, I see, yes. It is a little snug, I think. Don't you agree? - Yes, it is rather snug. - That's because I've got my hand in the waistband. - Well, take it out, Mr. Lucas. Thank you. - Yes, let me see here. Oh yes. Let out waist. - Let out waist. - Ease seat. - Ah, the professional touch, Mr. Granger. - Couldn't have don't it better myself. - And I think the rise is a little short. - Yes, I was just thinking that Mr. Granger. - Lengthen rise. Lengthen rise. - I think they're breaking a bit early, Mr. Granger. - And finishing rather late. - Mind you, it will be a lot better of course, when you're wearing shoes. - I am wearing shoes. - Yes, well of course I rather saw you in high heels myself, didn't you Mr. Humphreys? - I did, I did. - I think that we shall have to take a touch off the leg. - Allow me to chalk the leg, Mr. Granger. - We are just going to take a shaving off the leg, sir. - About eight inches. - Ah yes, I'm sure you'll find the jacket to your liking, sir. If you care to just slip your arms in there, that's it sir. There we are. There. - Mr. Lucas. Do you think you got the right jacket? - I think so. - Not quite as much as that. - There's plenty to let down. - Yes, I hadn't thought of that. - The 12 button look is quite the thing now, you know, sir. - I think we'd better have new sleeves. - Yes, I think we'd better have new sleeves. I think this is yours, sir. - Don't worry about that sir, our repair department will tack that up for you before you leave. - Don't you find that it's much easier under the arm, sir? - Yes, yes, yes it is much. - Good, good, well we're on the right line. - These were taken on my holiday last year. - Oh, doesn't it look hot. - Oh you're right, yes. Yes, that's the worst of the desert. - Doesn't Mrs. Peacock look well. - Yes, she does, yes. We went back to Bessamachu, where scored our first big victory. - Oh, that was where you had your honeymoon. - No, that was where we pushed Rommel back. I was dug in at this very spot for about seven whole days. It's a motel now, you know. Oh it was absolute hell, you know. The heat, the sun, flies, the sandstorms, the monotonous food. - Oh what you poor boys must have suffered. - No, that was last year at the motel. - Hope I'm not interrupting anything, Captain Peacock. - Now, he's just showing us his holiday pictures. - Well, perhaps we could look at those after the store closes. Now, I'd like a word with everybody if you could get them to gather round. - Yes, of course. - Thank you very much, sir. I'm glad that your satisfied with this part of the suit anyway. And the rest of it will be ready a week on Tuesday. - I shall look forward to that. - Mr. Granger, Mr. Humphreys, Mr. Lucas, are you free. - Yes, I'm free. - I'm free. - I'm free. - Mrs. Sloakam, gather round please. - Now, I've just come from a board meeting which we held in the board room with regard to the redecoration of the store. Rather than disrupt sales for weeks on end, we have decided to close the store for the first two weeks in August. I feel sure you'll agree this is an excellent decision. - Does that mean we get two weeks extra holiday? - No, the board hopes that you will take your holiday to coincide with this. - But I can't possible go to Little Hampton for the first two weeks in August. I mean, the place is full of trippers, and Mrs. Featherston would never be able to squeeze me in. - The Isle of Capri will be an absolute nightmare in August. I've heard that Gracie goes somewhere else. - Yes, well we did realize that there would be hardships. I have therefore recommend the payment of inconvenience money of five pound per head. - Per day. - No, for the fortnight. - Inconvenience money, five pounds for a fortnight? - That's not even convenience money. - It certainly won't make up to me for being on a camel in the desert when all the sheiks are on their yachts in the Caribbeano. - It doesn't fit in with my plans at all. I had reserved a holiday on the island of Levant. That's a nudist colony. - Nature camp. - Oh, Captain Peacock. That wasn't you sawing down that tree in last month's Health and Efficiency, was it? - No, it was not. - If I cancel now, Mrs. Featherston will have me blacklist by the LHLA. - The Little Hamptons Landladies Association. - Oh, the disgrace. - Needless to say, it's not very convenience for me either. I had aimed to go to Monte Carlo, try my hand at the tables. - Don't they need waiters any time of the year? - I think I speak for all of us when I say that we would ask the board to reconsider their decision. - Yes, it is his last word. - I'm surprised at you, Captain Peacock. - There comes a time, Mr. Rumbolt, when any man who is a man must stand up to be counted. - One. - You have my support, Steven. - And mine. - I'm right behind you, Captain Peacock. - I'm right behind you, Mr. Lucas. - I'd rather you were behind Captain Peacock. - To be sure, it is a beautiful color. - Oh yes, that shamrock green goes so well with madam's eyes. - It's the blarney you're giving me. But I'll take it all the same. - Certainly. Will it be after going on madam's account? - Oh, I was looking for a dressing gown. - Certainly sir. Mr. Humphreys, are you free? - Yes, I'm free. - This customer would like to see what you have in dressing gowns. - Certainly, Captain Peacock. Good morning, sir. - Good morning. - Would you like to see what I've got in long ones or short ones? - Well, I'd like something that hangs to about there. - Yes, they're very popular. Mr. Lucas, Mr. Lucas, are you free? - I'm free, Mr. Humphreys. - The customer would like a dressing gown. Bring the rail. - One rail coming up, Mr. Humphreys. - Now sir, we got Turkish towel, terry towel, terralin and wool, short length, calf length, slim fit or full, all on, band lung, shangton silk or simulated seersucker. - I'd rather show you. - One rail, Mr. Humphreys. Good morning sir, could I take your coat sir? - Yes, thank you, thank you, yes. - Now sir, how about something like this. This is from our Kung-fu range. Quite a little relaxing thing it is, plenty of room under the arms for movement. I get quite carried away when I put one of. So sorry sir, I don't know what came over me. - I don't think it's quite me. - No, no. If they send aftershave lotion, you could do yourself a mischief. What about this sir? I call this one the Nanny. - Oh, yes, it's a beautiful blue. - Yes, but it hasn't a hood. - I hadn't really thought about a hood, that would rather, would be rather nice. - In that case sir, you want our Christopher Robin range. These are very popular, we've sold a lot of these, haven't we Mr. Lucas? - Oh yes, we've sold a lot of these Mr. Humphreys, yes. - Matter of fact, I have one myself. I lie in bed and I pull the hood right over my head. ♫ And close your eyes and curl up small ♫ And nobody knows you're there at all - Dont go on, Mr. Lucas. - God bless you, Father. - Enter. - Mr. Rumbolt, have the higher-ups come to decision about the holidays, then? - Well if you'd like to stay, I've called a meeting to give a ruling. - 'Cause I've been on the blower, and I can't cancel the Seashells. - No, no. The Seashells in the Indian Ocean. - Seems a long way to go for someone in your position. - I've got this urge for some of them native girls with grass skirts. Ha-hey. - Indeed. - I'm leaving the wife and taking the lawnmower. Get it? Grass skirt, lawnmower. Oh, blimey. Here, now look at that. Now that's the hotel, see. And here is a typical native girl sitting under a palm tree, see. I bet you've never seen coconuts that size have you, eh? - Enter. - Oh Mr. Rumbolt, I hope this isn't going to take long. My pussy's been locked up for eight hours, and I'm afraid it's just not convenient. - And I've gotta be back in time for Top of the Pops. - No, but someone has to hold me mum back when Gary Glitter comes on. - No, she kicks the settee. - Come in and shut the door. Now, before I begin, have you reconsidered your decision not to help Grace Brothers over this difficult period? Are you determined to reject the board's generous offer? - Perhaps, as senior staff member, I should be spokesman? - Carry on, Steven. - Yes, you carry on. - Would you like our feeling in a nutshell, Mr. Rumbolt? - Please, yes. - It's not on. - I see. - You'll have to up the ante, Mr. Rumbolt. I mean, five pounds goes nowhere. A loaf of bread costs three shillings. Five pounds is only 35 loaves. - And where can you go on holiday for 35 loaves? - It doesn't buy much crumpet either. - I don't get the enjoyment out of it I used to in the old days. - No, the bread. - I think it's possible we may be veering from the point. As I understand it, you are not accepting this offer, is that right? - Speaking for myself, I am unanimous. - Nevertheless, the store does have to close for those two weeks. However, young Mr. Grace did anticipate that the wind might blow in that direction, and so he is prepared to make what I consider to be an even more generous offer. He will pay for us to have a holiday in the sun, provided we agree to take it during the said two weeks. - Well, Mr. Grace does happen to own Grace Air Tours, and Grace Made to Measure Continental Holidays. - That does sound a much more generous offer. - Well, no, that would hardly be fair. We all have to go to the same place. That's how these charter holidays work. - Well I vote we all go to Captain Peacock's Isle of Levant. I wonder what the money we'll save, all we need is a pair of dark sunglasses. - Oh Mr. Lucas, you're not expecting me to go walking along the beach in my birthday suit. - Very dark sunglasses. - Well now, Mr. Grace has given us the choice of five resorts. - Well I've had some slides prepared, so we can all have a look through them and then take a vote, if you'd like to assemble in the boardroom. The boardroom? - I've never been there. - There's nobody here. We'd better go in. - You know, this is a great moment for me. I've been 37 years at Grace Brothers, and this is the first time that I've been in the board room. - Oh look, they've got a cocktail cabinet. It's tough at the top. And dry. - Buy Harrods, sell John Lewis's. - Stop that, Lucas. - Cancel that order. - Why do you think he'd have an old barrow in here? - Oh yes, that's the original barrow that young Mr. Grace used when he was selling fish in the marketplace. - Mm, and the memory lingers on. - Well now, let us all seat ourselves, shall we? - Alright. - There's no need for us to be overawed by the occasion. After all, boardrooms are the same the whole world over. That's the phone. - Right first time, Captain Peacock. - It'll be somebody ringing up. - Perhaps it's Harrods ringing back. - Well somebody ought to answer it. I mean it's no good sitting here like a lot of stuffed dummies. - You've been here the longest Ernest. - Yes, but you're the senior, Steven. - Hu Flungs Chinese Restaurant. Hang on. It's for you, Captain Peacock, it's Rumbolt's secretary. I can't hear you very well. - Stop playing with the phone, Captain Peacock. - It's your secretary, sir. Apparently you're on your way up to the boardroom, sir. - But this is the boardroom. - That had occurred to me, sir. - Well then stop wasting time. - Mr. Rumbolt says stop wasting time. I couldn't agree more. - Well now, I have the slides here. So, we'll just run through them and we can chose where to go by a show of hands. Mr. Mash, could you reduce the lights please? Certainly, Mr. Rumbolt. - Now first, we have Torremolinos in the Costa del Sol, which of course is in Spain. That's not bad, is it? - Golden sand, beaches lapped by the clear tepid waters of the Mediterranean, and in the background the magnificent purple hills of the majestic sierra rise tier upon tier into the blue bright sky while nature deftly mixes semi-tropical multi-hued flowers and plants in a carnival of color. - Sounds quite nice. - After dark, it vibrates to the tune lively nightclubs and open air gay cafes. - Oh, I like it. - Activities include tennis and golf at the nearby Campo de Sport. - I like it even more. - This is the Hotel Royale Meditterani Palace. - Indeed. - Extensively modernized in 1948, it is now under the experienced management of friendly Don Pedro Alvarez Cohen. Situated a picturesque ten minute amble from the sea, it features the sophisticated Calypso Gourmet Grill and nightly bingo. - Nightly bingo is hardly my cup of tea. - Nor mine, Steven. - Let's have a look at Portugal. - Monte Listerone. Once the playground of the international set, home of deposed kings and the idle rich. Idle rich? Soft yellow, pink, and green houses set off the grace of the old churches, while above the mysterious cobbled lanes, lines of drying washing wave like flags. - Sounds like Accrington. - Only a short donkey ride outside the town, we find the Hotel Tegas Excelsior Palace. To this very pleasant one star hotel, two further floors have been added which are not shown in the photograph. - You certainly have to use your imagination, don't you? - The cocktail bar of the roof restaurant provides the ideal atmosphere for a sophisticated tete-a-tete, and adjoins the children's paddling pool, rollerskating rink, hot dog stand, and crazy golf. - Nothing that I like more than a tete-a-tete with a golf ball and a cocktail. - Well at any rate, they don't have bingo. - Can I put it to you this way, Mrs. Sloakam? There is no such thing as a no star hotel. - Let's take our magic carpet to tantalizing Tunisia. This is the view from your hotel. Note the burnished sands, the clear blue water is a mere 50 minutes away. - The unspoilt coastline presents a paradise of tranquility. Only 40 miles away is City Bel-Guli. Famous for it's pottery and wrought-iron work, a much favored excursion point. - Well I'm not going to travel 40 miles in a smelly bus in order to see a pot. - Hotel Gaza Guli Palace. What, you mean that fellow looks like Peter O'Toole? - Yeah. - They've got mendosis. - Belly dancing and sword swallowing are a nightly attraction for the diners as they sit cross legged on their jiboes, toying with their couscous. I think a jiboe must be some sort of cushion. - I was going to ask you about that. - It's an arabic sago-ey sort of dish. You eat if with the cut off ear of a sheep. - Well I'm not sitting on my jiboe in a Foreign Legion fort, toying with me couscous. Not even with a knife and fork. - I thought it sounded rather fun. - Lights, Mr. Mash. - Lights, Mr. Rumbolt. - Well, I'm afraid I must say Mr. Rumbolt, I find these places no substitute for a holiday in the Isle of Levant. - They're no substitute for my holiday either. - Certainly not a substitute for the Isle of Capri. - They're not even a substitute for Mrs. Featherston's. - I'm sorry I'm late. Good evening, Mr. Grace. - It's nice to see so many new faces on the board. - This is not the board, Mr. Grace. - We've been discussing your very generous offer of a package holiday. I'm sorry to have to inform you that Captain Peacock has seen fit to turn it down flat. - I was only voicing the views of my colleagues, Mr. Grace. - In that case, you'd better have the money. I'll give you 50 pounds each, and you make your own arrangement. - I trust you're not going to turn that down, Captain Peacock. - Certainly not sir, that sounds most acceptable to me. - That's settled. - Thank you Mr. Grace. - Oh yes, there's just one thing. The decorators can't make August, so you'll have to take the last two weeks in November. Last two weeks in November? - Where can you go in November? It's out of season. - Oh no, it's alright. You can all come and stay at Mrs. Featherston's. I have a photograph here. - Well, there's one consolation. If we all go to Mrs. Featherston's, we won't have to go 40 miles to find a pot there. ♫Ground floor perfumery, ♫stationery and leather goods, ♫wigs and haberdashery ♫ kitchenware and food, going up ♫ First floor telephones, ♫ gents ready-made suits, ♫ shirts, socks, ties, hats, ♫ underwear and shoes, going up ♫ Second floor carpets, ♫ travel goods and bedding, ♫ material, soft furnishings, ♫ restaurant and teas ♫ Going down! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 