Five Days: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Five Days 
 s1e3 - Day Twenty Eight - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Five Days (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 3 - Day Twenty Eight - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (theme music playing ) Think you own the road?! Laverty: We're gonna be early. Curling: We won't be early. He'll be late. ( chuckles ) ( sports announcer on radio ) ( door opens ) Happy birthday, Daddy. ( groans ) Ethan. That's lovely. Thank you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey, that's for Daddy! She's drinking Daddy's juice! I'm sure your daddy doesn't mind. Sorry it's so early. Ethan won't take no for an answer. No worries. Hey, you can let go. She's allowed, aren't you, girl? Well, big boy, what should we do today? I don't know. It's your birthday. Matt: Should we ask Sarah what she thinks? - She always wants to go for walks. - "l hate walks. Walks is boring. I want pizza." Well, don't worry, pizza boy, I've got to work today anyway. We'll have pizza for tea with Grandma and Granddad, okay? Can Mommy come? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Please? Not today, honey. Go away. ( door shuts ) I've never touched that little girl. I'm not a pervert. I'm not a nonce. I'm not going back on the wing. I want to stay here in health care where it's safe. All my life, everyone's always picked on me. You don't have to do that. Tanya's away for another week yet. Matt, don't come in here. The air's like neat Chianti. I must've done close on my entire week's worth of alcohol last night, and I'm feeling every drop of it. I'm consoling myself at least I didn't pick a fight and weep and then insist on driving home. Can't imagine you doing that. Ah. Be thankful you don't know me better. Don't worry. I won't make a habit of failing to get home. It's all right. Sarah, I went on a bit Iast night, didn't l? - Sorry. - Rosie: Dad? Um... I don't take it personally. She's been through a lot. Yeah. I wish I knew... I know, I know. I just want her to stop having the nightmares and tell me what happened. Daddy! There are worse things... than not knowing. Not to me. Our illustrious leader was late for his own wedding. Did you know that? No. Bet she made him pay for it. She still is, by the look of his suits. They're made to measure, just not for him. That charity-shop look is just so last season. Poor old sod. Don't you start being kind. The shock might kill him. Barclay. Leave me a message - and I'll get back to you. - ( groans ) - ( door opens ) - Bloody hell, guv. Just in time. 190 for three at lunch. ( rattles, clicks ) England v. India? - Morning. - Morning. I will of course share my findings with you before my written report goes to the Assistant Chief Constable. Anything I discover outside my terms of reference I'll report to you verbally. On the third day we recovered the little girl, apparently unharmed, apart from the effects of the hay fever medication she'd been given to keep her quiet. No evidence of sexual assault. We charged Kyle Betts, a local man, with kidnapping and false imprisonment. He was remanded in custody, and there he remains. There's no evidence to link him to the disappearance of the mother. You moved rather quickly to a murder inquiry on her. - Dragged there reluctantly. - No body, though? No forensic? - Correct. - So I'm still not clear on what evidence you changed your hypothesis from missing person to murder. Detective Superintendent Barclay, sir, this is your 28-day review. It's not optional. It's not voluntary. I've been assured by your A.C.C. that I will receive your full cooperation, and I intend to get it. I'm here to help... sir. ( humphs ) Explain your current hypothesis, please. Tell me what you think happened to Leanne. I haven't got the faintest idea. That's why I'm investigating-- to find out what happened to her. And I'm not gonna make something up just to fit in with anybody else's textbook idea of how it should be done. ( whistling ) ( mail drops in slot ) Mommy didn't send you a birthday card, - did she? - No. No, she didn't. - I expect she forgot. - Yeah. Yeah, I expect so too. You're not worrying about me, are you? You stop it right now. I'm the daddy, okay? I do the worrying. And we're all right, aren't we, big boy? Eh? - Daddy... - ( door opens ) - Ethan... - Barbara: Yoo-hoo! Where's the birthday boy? Ah. There you are. Happy birthday... Matthew, darling. - Thanks. - Oh, look. Daddy hasn't opened his cards. Well, don't worry, I'm not gonna open them for you. Ethan, come in here a minute. Look. Look what your clever granddad's made. - Can we light the candles? - 'Course we can. Go and get Rosie. I'm sorry it's just me, but getting John out of the house... I made him an appointment for a haircut, and I've told him if he doesn't go, I'll take the nail scissors to him. I just found myself sitting there waiting for the postman, and I thought, "This is-- this is pathetic. It's just-- it's just denial. It's just..." Don't. Please don't lose it now. I need your support. I can't have you caving in on me too. Oh, Matt, I'm so angry with the police. Playing God-- what right have they? How dare they just decide she's dead? Now where has naughty Mommy - hidden the matches? - Go and watch telly, you two. - But, Daddy, I want cake. - Now! I don't know what to believe. I wish I did. I wish I knew one way or the other. Her father's abandoned her, you've abandoned her. Even the newspapers have lost interest. And here am l. I gave birth to her. I'm the only one who has any faith left. We can't get used to this. We mustn't start thinking this is our life now. It's getting better, but I still can't say he really confides in me. I'm the only black officer on the team, and he knows that, and he thinks I've been put in as family liaison to winkle stuff out of him. - ( humphs ) - Yeah, well, he's obviously not stupid. Not a suspect, either. Mr. Barclay hasn't designated a suspect, but it makes no difference because Matt still feels like it's him. You know what I'm asking you, Simone. Sarge, there's no prejudice against him here because he's black. He's the husband, right? He's... the husband. And it's his birthday, so... Yeah, it'll be the usual: creeping around sniffing everyone's bum, after which they'll tell us-- ta-da-- what we already know, which will make for a short report, 'cause we know sod all. It's just routine, Amy. 28-day review. Nothing to be scared of. - Might turn up something we've missed. - ( snickers ) Yeah, and another thing-- why does the review always have to be done by some arrogant, slimy graduate plastic? I tick most of those boxes. Yeah, well, at least you're not smug with it... or lrish. And don't tell me he's only doing his job. His only job in my life today is to give me someone to hate more than I hate you, guv. Kyle Betts went all name-rank-and-serial-number on us, sir. He wouldn't tell us a thing about why he took the little girl. Wouldn't even talk about his little cigarette-smuggling scam. Okay, this is him, the flower seller. I arrested him on suspicion of abduction. Branko Lazarov, who says... he saw nothing, heard nothing and it wasn't him, it was his brother? Originality's not his strong point. Branko got the ass with us, sir. It being a Sunday, he lost a day's trade waiting for us to track down a Macedonian interpreter. He was never gonna help us out. You arrested him on suspicion of abducting Leanne, but the little boy didn't pick him out. Well, Ethan's only seven, and he was a long way away, and anyway-- So we released him, obviously. Still a hell of a lot of searches here on keywords relating to the former Yugoslavia. We've got a statement from a lorry driver that puts Branko Lazarov in the lay-by at the right time. Eastern Europeans and smuggling go together, right? And Matthew Wellings saw active service in the war in the former Yugoslavia. Mr. Barclay put that all together and judged we should give this line of enquiry the highest priority. Clearly you don't agree with him. This team has spent a lot of time pursuing it, sir, and a lot of money. Um... there's no evidence to support any link. - Ethan, look at me. - Shut up. - Look at me. I'm the mommy now. - Mommy's dead, silly. She's not dead! She's asleep! Get off me! Get off-- ow! Just a quick whiz around. ( children yelling ) Oh, now what? - Rosie: Give it to me! - Ethan: Let go! ( yelling continues ) Stop doing that! Shut up! Shut up! Shut the fuck up! ( cries ) - Morning. - Do something with him, will you? I can't. Simone: Oh, that's nice. This one's from Tanya in France. Postmark? Um, Mount Pleasant. And a British stamp. Okay, so Grandmother organized it in advance, right? That's thoughtful. Barbara's always been very kind to me. This big one is from "all at the gym." There's a lot of kisses in that one. This is just a bill. Uh... oh, it's Leanne's. Hang on. Tanya's trip to France-- didn't her granddad pay for that? That's right. Why? What's up? You think you know someone. You think you know everything about them. I've been mourning her for a month, going through hell, and... Maybe... maybe she was planning to leave me. See the last transaction? It's on the day she disappeared. Frank's Air Travel. Do you see, guv? So Leanne used up a lot of her loyalty points to buy a one-way ticket to Toulouse. For the same flight that Tanya flew out on when she went to visit her father a fortnight ago. There was no bloody sign - of Leanne when I got there. - She didn't actually go, Jim. Don't get that face on. You went through all her credit cards and bank statements. It's not your fault you missed this. It's just a bloody loyalty card. Jim, Jim. Look, we know Matt and Leanne had been arguing-- money, the stepdaughter, the bloody dog, I don't know. Why is it so hard to believe that Leanne decided to take Tanya, go back to the ex-husband and Matt found out? ( imitates cutting throat ) - For God's sake. - Sarge, is Matt a suspect now? - Not until Mr. Barclay says so. - Well, I need to know. I'm the one who has to deal with him. Is it because he's black? An investigation is a search for the truth, and we can only go where the evidence leads us. - That is not enough. - You're right. It isn't. That's because we've been running round like blue-assed flies after Macedonians. There's a link. I know there is. Tanya saw Matt in the shopping mall around about the time that Leanne disappeared. We don't know where he went after that, or her, or what happened to her when she got there. Amy... we don't even know if she's dead. ( door shuts ) I'm asking you again, are you under pressure from upstairs to go hands-off with Matt Wellings 'cause he's black? No. Is that no as in "No," or no as in "No no no no-- yes"? ( chuckles ) In a situation like this, we have to be double-plus sure of our grounds. The moment I designate Matt Wellings a suspect-- Then we have to arrest him and caution him and bring him in for questioning, and I still don't see what's wrong with that. What's wrong is that I'm the senior investigating officer and I make the decisions. ( door shuts ) Ames, What's going on? Are we searching again? Review team's big idea. Apparently we should have crawled up a few storm drains. I suppose it would be childish of me to hope they don't find anything. Hey. Where are you off to? Oh, the guv'nor wants me to have another word with my snitch. Oh, go on. Tell Mommy. Who is it? Any covert human intelligence source is strictly on a need-to-know basis. - All right? - Yeah yeah yeah. Well, he doesn't seem to want to talk about it and I don't see how I can make him. I mean, Christ, if the boot was on the other foot-- If you really thought it was spying, Gary, you wouldn't have helped us out already, would ya? I don't know why you're bothering with Matt anyway, when you've already got that sad little wannabe locked up. The times I had Kyle Betts sitting in my office dribbling on about wanting to join the army. We're not that desperate. All I need to know is what Matt really thought about Leanne and her ex. Yeah, I mean, you two have been shot at together in Yugoslavia. If anyone can get it out of him, you can. He's always played his cards close to his chest, has Matt. Always been prickly. He never wanted to talk, even when bad stuff happened-- coming under fire, and the horrible things you see. - Yeah. - Look. He always said, "Talking about it won't make it stop. It's pointless talking about it." Not like you then? Hind-leg donkey combo me, mate, yeah. ( chuckles ) You're out of here soon, aren't ya? - What, the end of the month? - Mmm. - You got another job lined up? - Have you seen what they're paying on Civvy Street? Well, you know there's a drink in this for you, Gary. How big a drink depends on the quality of the information, all right? ( phone ringing ) Hi, this is Leanne. Sorry we can't take your call at the moment, but please leave a message and we'll call you back. - Thanks. Bye. - ( beep ) Hi, Matt, it's Gaz. I thought I might pop around later if you, uh-- if you fancy a beer or something. You been on your holidays then? Uh, no. Not this year. Oh, you want to get yourself in the sun. Put a smile back on your face. My dad's retired and he's never here. I'm like, "That's my fortune you're spending, that is. You'd see your only daughter starve, innit?" ( chuckles ) I wonder if you'd mind awfully not talking to me. Oh. Sorry. ( whispers ) Here. Over here. Would you excuse me a minute? ( both whispering ) Quick-- quick, he's leaving. Oh, I'm really sorry, Mr. Poole. I'm sorry. I didn't know who you were. I just-- I didn't know. It's all right. You weren't to know. You weren't to know. Oh God, I feel awful now! Oh God! I'm so sorry. Oh, we're all sorry. I mean everyone is so bloody sorry. John: I thought, if I don't get out of here right now, I'm going to cry. People... it's almost as though they think it's catching. Grief is catching. Death is catching. And they mustn't get too close, or... it'll happen to them too. I had neighbors cross the road to avoid me when Barbara's mother died. And cancer isn't catching either, last time I checked. I was hoping you might have a word with her-- with Barbara. She's hanging on very hard to the idea that Leanne is alive somewhere, and, um, there's no reasoning with her. Yeah yeah. I know, it's all my fault. I had to have my flowers. I had to have my cigarettes. Now stop all this, Vic. All of us going on and on about how guilty we feel and it doesn't help. Won't bring Leanne back. There's even poor little Tanya blaming herself because she wasn't in the car with Leanne that day. As if a 13-year-old girl-- I do not like the idea of that child traveling to France on her own. She goes every year, and she's not on her own, is she? She's with her father. - She has to see her father. - Yes. Yes. Daf bloody Parry. She could have gone to university-- Leanne. She could've made something of her life. You should've locked her up, John. I know I would've. I would have killed rather than let her marry that waster. Oh, come on. How's the new one any better, hmm? Matt Wellings. Raised in the gutter, still doesn't have a pot to piss in-- pardon my French. You don't think that he's got anything to do with it, do you, John? No. I don't know. Barbara thinks the sun shines out of his backside. Why do all the women in my family have such terrible taste in men? I'm not the bloke to ask that, am l? ( chuckling ) Sorry. You all right in here, Vic? Not really. Not anymore. You see, Hazel's the only person here among all these silly tarts that one could talk to. I told her that I wasn't gonna blame her for what her son did, but she won't give me the time of day now. Oh, love, I wish you'd told me bef-- Don't fuss, for God's sake, pretending you care. There are men in here that's done rapes and murders and everything you can think of. Did their mothers turn them in? You're gonna have to stop denying this, love. Mom, I swear I only stopped to look at the dog. How long are you gonna keep this up? Eh? What you gonna do? Are you going to tell the judge and the jury that you mistook someone else's child for a puppy? Doesn't matter how hard I try, does it, Mom? I'll always be a disappointment to you. All his life he's just never fitted in, and he tries ever so hard. - ( dogs barking ) - Look, there's no easy way to say it. I just don't feel comfortable about the idea. It'd make the world of difference to him. We used to have one just like that when he was little. That's-- that's Scooter. She's a real character. And Kyle loved her. He never hurt her. Excuse me. He's, uh, not so little now, is he? There's a lot of very weird people out there, Mrs. Betts, which is why there's a lot of sad, hurt and lonely dogs in here. Hey. ( chuckles ) Hey, Scooter. Scooter. Would you like to come home with me? Would you? No no, I'm sorry, Mrs. Betts, but the answer's still no. Besides, why on earth would they let him out? John: Why do you keep wanting to defend him? You washed those sheets yourself when Tanya went to France. Probably just dog hairs. You're always clearing up after a dog. Come on, he's had someone staying there. You'd have got there 10 minutes earlier, you'd probably have seen her leave. Don't say anything today, John. No arguments today. It's his birthday. The children... And even if you're right, at least we know they haven't slept with each other. Not yet. ( knocks ) Gaz! Little feller let me in. I think he's grown since last week. Blink and they grow an inch. Who'd have thought the sight of your ugly mug would be the best thing to happen to me on my birthday? I've been trying to call you all day. Here. Ethan. Come in. Give me a minute. ( busy signal ) Let's have one of those hugs we've been saving for Mommy. I'm sorry I shouted at you, okay? Yeah. - Daddy... - Hmm? Rosie says that Mommy's asleep. He carries it around with him in case she phones. Let's have one of those beers quick before his grandparents get here. I'd better go, actually. But you've only just got here. No, I'd better. You know. Your family coming and everything... Yeah. I keep thinking, "It's my birthday. She's got to come home today." Find. ( all singing ) Thank you. Come on, then. Blow with me as hard as you can. Don't forget to make a wish. Okay. Barbara: Now how about giving Daddy his new phone back before that gets lost too? It's really generous. Thank you. This'll have to be my last, Amy. - Wife forgotten what you look like? - ( chuckles ) I heard about you and your husband. Well, you can bin the sorry face, 'cause you never liked him. - Probably just trying to get my leg over. - Oh, happy days. Anyway, you can't leave till I get you drunk enough to give me a hint what's in your report. We'll be reporting to Detective Superintendent Barclay. Mmm. Barclay's Banker the Wanker. He's as mad as a hat, you know, the poor old sod. Word to the wise, Amy. D.I. Laverty does not like disloyalty. Hello? He likes to take a good look at the atmosphere on the team. Good Lord. Is that the time? And me with a cat to feed. How long before you retire, Amy? Counting the days. This job chews you up, spits you out, and never a word of thanks. ( Egyptian pop music playing ) Amy: I would've been here earlier, but I had to leave the bloody car in the bloody pub carpark, and the taxi had absolutely no idea how to find this place. - Well, why-- - He'd still be pouring it down my neck, but I told him I had to get home for the cat. And no, of course I don't have a cat. Bloody thing would starve. For God's sake, what you been doing in here? Belly dancing? Well, don't knock it. It's top of the pops in Egypt. ( music stops ) - So did he give you anything? - Nothing useful. My alleged mate on the search team never rang me either, so I rang her. And then I went and checked what she told me... in the files. Could you try to enjoy this a little bit less? Matt Wellings lost a mobile phone, and I think they've found it. Now are you gonna tell me that he lost it by accident? - Sure you don't want us to stay? - Gonna have an early night. Not much of a birthday, sat here on your own. I'll be fine. Thanks for coming. - Wouldn't hurt to make a bit of an effort. - Oh, for-- Oh, you never liked him. Gonna try and stay in your own bed tonight? Okay. Night-night. Dad! "Leave the door open." I know. ( knock at door ) Sorry. I know it's late. I just knocked off work. Brought the new timetables so you can have a look, see what shifts you want. Thanks. Can't we go inside and talk? No. Look. Don't take this the wrong way, Danielle, but something like this happening, it makes you realize what's really important. That'll be why you're shagging Mrs. Well-Up-Herself-Posh-Bitch. I'm not. I love my wife. I don't want anyone else. You know what, Matt? If you were a girl, you know what the boys would call you? Prick tease. I'm sorry if you got the wrong idea, but there was never gonna be anything more than friendship between us. Oh, and that'll be why you're shagging Mrs. Well-Up-Herself-Posh-Bitch. - I'm not. You're wrong. - ( emphatically ) Fuck you. ( line ringing ) Matt: No no, Sarah, she's not stalking me. Put me in a gym with a couple of really fit black guys, and Danielle wouldn't give me a second look. It's only 'cause I'm the only one. Most of the boys in the children's home were white. So when I was very little, I thought it would come off if I rubbed it hard enough. Sarah... we can just be friends, can't we? 'Cause there's nothing else. - I mean, if you're wanting any more-- - Friends is difficult enough. Yeah. Leanne had a choice though, didn't she? She could've found the idea of you having a fan club funny, flattering, even. No. No way. If I smiled at the old lady in the post office, I had to explain myself. I never understood why Leanne was so... insecure. Rosie: Dad? Daddy! She had the kind of real family I always dreamed of. ( ringing ) - Barbara: I'm running a bath, love. - John: Okay. Hello. Hello, love! Good to hear you. You still enjoying yourself? What, tonight? Darling, of course you can. Of course you can stay with us. - Sweetie, don't cry. - ( whispers ) Leanne. Tanya. She's at the airport. She's coming home early. Love, don't cry. Tanya... just tell me when it gets in. Tanya? Which flight, love? Tanya? ( phone hangs up ) Ring Matt from your mobile and tell him that she's coming home tonight. - What do you mean? - Obviously I don't want to use this line in case Tanya rings back on it. For God's sake, Barbara, where's your common sense? ( ringing ) ( phone ringing ) ( ringing continues ) - Sarah: Hello. Matt's house. - Who's that? - I'm a friend of Matt's. Who's calling? - It's Leanne's mother. Oh, Mrs. Poole. He's just upstairs. Tell him Tanya's coming home tonight. Tell him... ( dial tone ) Barbara: He's got that woman with him. He's got that woman there. Now do you believe me? Sarah: I'm sorry. I should never have come. You see, I thought it would help. It does help. I thought it would help me. ( sobbing ) ( dogs barking ) Come on. Come on then. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Let's just get to the airport, shall we? Do one thing at a time. - Can't help his background. - He can't escape it either. He's a good man, a good father. ( sobbing ) Give it up now, for God's sake. ( engine accelerating ) Scooter, come on, come on. Scooter. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, Scooter. Come on. Come on. They, uh, couldn't understand what I was on about for ages. Apparently I kept, um, asking about the lady. There was this lady with, um, red hair, and my dad was dancing with her. That's what I thought. Dancing with her. And that's what I kept saying to the police. I was only five. I suppose he must have been dragging her about the room or something. I-- I don't remember it, Matt-- not really. Maybe that's a good thing. But I know about it. I know my dad got life. I know he died in prison. I've read about it in the newspapers, but I can't remember it. And if you know something and you can't remember it, you can't make sense of it. You can't be sure it's true. They found me under the bed, apparently. Under her bed. She was blonde too. Come on then. Wait wait wait wait. Wait. Go on, go on, go on. Scooter. Scooter. ( dog barking ) Scooter, Scooter. Who was the lady with red hair? Oh... They think it must have been the blood I was seeing-- the blood in my... mother's lovely hair. Wait a minute, wait a minute. ( barking ) ( Rosie screaming ) All right. All right. It's okay, baby. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's just a nightmare. It's just a nightmare. All right. All right. All right, Rosie. All right. Okay okay. South Woodward, yes, sir. Guv, someone thinks he's found a body. ( phone ringing ) Yeah? What? Oh, God. If he's starting to be a fixture, perhaps he ought to be paying rent. Do you, uh, want a lift? ( knocks ) No no... Can I come in, Matt? Please? No no, of course I understand. You will keep us posted, won't you? Yes. Thanks for letting us know. Bye. The police say it could take all night. I'm so sorry about all of it. What are we gonna tell Tanya? Well, at least she'll be back here with us where she belongs. At least we can all go through this together. It'll all start up again, won't it? The press... the television. ( chatter on police radio ) There are 14,000 stars in the sky brighter than magnitude +7. On a clear night, our grandparents might have seen half of them. Still looks beautiful to me. No, but you don't understand. It's the light. We're polluting the sky with light. And too much light is like too much information. It gets in the way. Guv. ( sighs ) "lll met by moonlight." Hmm? Wasted on me, pal. Sir. - So? - Come on, lain. You've been waiting a month. A bit longer won't kill you. Matt: She was always dreaming up mad revenges for if she ever caught me with another woman. Rusty penknife, no anesthetic, you know. But it was a joke, in a way-- well, kind of a... serious sort of joke. Like she meant it but was trying to find ways to say it that softened it a bit? Matt: Yeah, 'cause she hated being so jealous, but she couldn't help it. She used to check my phone, go through my text messages. Matt, let's just wait till tonight's over. That's how she found out about the texts from Danielle. Stupid little sexy jokes and messages. I didn't even reply to most of them. I know about the phone, and I'm telling you-- save it, please. - We're only talking. - But you mustn't tell me anything. - Not here. - Not like this. And she rang me, and she-- she gave it to me again about the sodding rusty penknife. And she just caught me at the wrong moment, and-- and I s-- and I said-- I said... And she... she hung up on me. That was the-- ( sighs ) that was the last time I ever spoke to her. - What did you say to her? - Sarah, don't. I said... "Remember, I'm the guy who can kill you with one hand." You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defense if you do not mention when questioned... No! What are you doing? ...something which you later rely upon in court. Anything you do say may be used in evidence. Do you want to tell me what is going on here? They think I killed Leanne. Man Over P.A.: U.K. Air regrets to announce there's been a delay in the arrival of flight number UK-638 from Toulouse. ( continues indistinctly ) There's no need to look so cheerful. Just means a shedload more work. Oh, Dr. Tobolska, Detective lnspector Laverty from the Met. Is it her? - Two fingers missing, alas. - Laverty: Animals? No, it's an old injury, and what's left looks a bit horny-handed. As I was saying to Mr. Barclay here, this body's a bit, um, male. My Macedonian flower seller was missing two fingers. Now all I've got to do get him to lead me to Leanne. Simone: Matt? Did you hear what I said? It's not Leanne. It's not her. Yes. Yes, thank you. Thank you. ( sobbing ) Matt. There's hope now. It's hope I can't bear. There she is. There's our girl. I know I'm late, but there's no need to squeeze me to death. - Sorry sorry. - What's happening? Why are you crying? Nothing, no. It's wonderful to see you. Did you have a lovely time? His horrible bloody girlfriend kept going off on one. - Well, never mind. You're home now. - I hate her. She made me cry. - What does he see in her, anyway? - Come here. Daf! - Chill out, John. - What the hell are you doing here? Daddy's back in Blighty, and everything's gonna be all right now, sweetheart. - Barbara, you look great, love. - Don't you go anywhere near my wife. - Hey, stay cool. All right. - You bastard. - Granddad! - Daddy, please no. - You bastard! - Daddy, please! ( theme music playing ) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 