Five Days: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Five Days 
 s1e1 - Day One - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Five Days (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 1 - Day One - full transcript 
 Mother of three, Leanne Wellings, disappears whilst out looking for flowers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (theme music playing ) Pilot on P.A.: lf you would like to adjust your watches, ladies and gentlemen, Iocal time here in London is 20 past 4:00. And we've got a fine summer's day for you. ( sighs ) Come on, dreamboat, we'll be late. - Chop chop. - Chop chop! Barbara: I still think you're mad. Oh, Mom, it'll be so lovely for the kids. Well, it's time I was off home. Listen, about today-- thanks again. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I know it's a lot to ask. What time is it, actually? It's 16:30 on Thursday the 27th, and this is Defne Topcu in corporate communications. I've got no media updates for you at this time today, but if anything happens - throughout the evening... - Anyone else gagging for one? ...we will update the tape. So please keep listening. You'll get muscles on top of your muscles if you're not careful, Tops. ( chuckles ) Oh, I wish. Sarah: No, they want me to find someone who can start immediately. They're paying 37 to 40k and a fabulous package. I've got an in-depth spec. Shall l-- Okay, email you in a couple of minutes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Leanne: Tanya! - Rosie: We're gonna be late for Greats. - Leanne: Tan! - Ethan: Hurry up! - Leanne: Tanya! - What?! We've got to go right now or they'll be shut. Do I have to? I have got homework, you know. Well then talk to her, Babble, you know, mother to daughter. Well, as if that will do any good. I will then. I'll talk to her. Oh, now look, it's clouding over. Anyway, I've told her already just because I'm retired doesn't mean I've got time to look after the smelly blessed thing. - I don't mind. - Neither have you. ( door slams ) Ethan: Will they be shut, Mommy? Leanne: They know we're coming. Hey, I spy with my little eye something beginning with "F." "F?" "F." - Rosie: Flowers! - Leanne: Clever girl. Shall we get some on the way back? Because we know who loves his flowers, don't we? ( groaning ) Oh, God. Right. ( water trickling ) He says it's okay just this once, as long as it's housetrained and they make sure they keep it on a lead. ( sighs ) That's a result, Vic. Thank you, Hazel. You are so kind, Hazel. ( clattering ) I hope you manage a smile for Leanne when she gets here. - ( dogs barking ) - Leanne: You still like her then? Look, she's got all brown fur and brown eyes. So who's going to be taking her for a walk then? - Both: Me! - That will be me then. You know, if it doesn't work out for any reason, then you can just bring her straight back. My life wouldn't be worth living. Thanks for staying open for us. That's really no problem. ( sighs ) I... I went on that treadmill yesterday. It seemed a bit creaky to me. You know, underfoot. I reported it and everything, but they weren't interested. Matt: Okay, sweetie. As long as she lets me tickle her tummy too. ( laughs ) Matt, Matt-- this treadmill. Oh, sorry, mate. I'll catch you later, okay? Popular, me today. So, well... what would you say is the secret of your long and happy marriage? Hazel: Don't take it personally, love. Okay, big smiles now. It's all a load of bollocks. Hazel: Oh, simmer down, Vic. You know she always gets here in the end. Because I don't know what to believe. Ethan, be careful with her! Yeah, well, I still got that rusty penknife somewhere. Don't forget. Fine. Who were you talking to, Mom? Only Daddy. Come on, guys, look at the time. And I'm like, "Hello? I live here." I know. My dad, right, he looks at me and he goes, "Yeah, but-- no, but--" He thinks he's so witty. But at least he is your dad. - So she says. - ( laughs ) Jaime: Hey, look. Oh no. Oh my God, there he is. My mom says all her mates at the gym fancy him. Oh, but that's so gross. - ( laughs ) - ( groans ) Leanne: No Ethan, we're late for your great granddaddy already. - Ethan: But Mom. - Leanne: I said no. Anyway, there's too much traffic out there. Look at all the cars. It's dangerous. You stay here in the car with your sister. Gem will look after you. Then we'll go and see your Greats, and then we'll go home to Daddy. Two minutes. ( chuckles ) Yeah, right. One minute, two minutes... ( together ) ...three minutes, four minutes. Now you two stay together and do not move. Not an inch, all right? Gem, you're in charge. I might have the 10p. - There you go. - Thank you. Rosie: What are you doing? We're not allowed. Come back! ( sobbing ) ( woman singing ) Where's Mommy? Where's Mommy? Still waiting, are we? "Don't worry," they said. "Don't worry." But I know she would have telephoned if she was going to be late. Yeah, well you tell them. ( sighs ) Yeah, all right. Right. Operator: What age did you say she is? ( phones ringing ) - ( keyboards clacking ) - What was she wearing? Operator #2: I'm sorry, sir-- Operator: I don't know. He did sound very worried. I think we should send someone. Come on, she's got both her kids with her and they're half an hour late to go visit Great Granddad. She's gone shopping. Send a neighborhood unit? ( operator #2 sighs ) Yep. Okay, show me attending. Anything else comes up, I'll take it. Gary: Your timing always was bloody terrible. They're streamlining across the board, and there's no way the army's going to spend money now - on freelance fitness trainers. - ( groans ) Plus I'm already signed off. ( sighs ) - Less than three months left to do. - You're kidding me, right? Had enough of it, mate. Okay, you join up knowing there might be a body bag at the end of it, but now they're taking the piss. You'll miss it. You know that. - You've done all right. - ( chuckles ) Yeah, come in. The water's lovely and the streets are paved with gold. I see myself as a personal trainer actually. All those rich fat women. ( laughs ) Okay, hold on. So you're asking me to get you work? - ( children shouting ) - ( chuckles ) ( doorbell rings ) Rosie: I'm tired. I want Mommy. I'll leave you behind, Rosie. I will. I don't care. Get off me! ( doorbell rings ) You're a bit small to be out on your own, aren't you? Little girl like you. You want some help? Hey, leave her alone! - Get off her! - Ow! Man: Little bastards. What do you want? He's done this before, you know. What, rung the police? No, but he's made the biggest fuss. He's really old. Like, 85 or something. And Mom's like, "I've got three kids. - How can I ever get anywhere on time?" - Give him a rocket, will she? Don't worry, okay? Just ask her to call me when she gets in. Okay? - ( door shuts ) - ( engine starts ) ( car approaching ) Man: Hello, that's a nice doggy. - What's her name? - We're not allowed to talk to strange men. I'm not a strange man. I know your daddy, and your mommy. Are you going to tell me her name or what? Her name's Gem. Why don't I take you to see your mommy? You'll be late for your tea. ( dog barking ) Ready? Five, six, seven, eight. And one, two. Come on, Gary. And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. And, and punch, and punch. And punch, and punch. And one, two, three, four, five. Dig deep! What was that? What am l? Billy bloody Elliott? See, what you need is a natural sense of rhythm like me. The only black guy on the planet with two left feet. Shut up. Danielle, meet Gary, built for strength, not speed. - Oh, suits me. - You want to watch her, Gaz. - She doesn't take no for an answer. - No? What's that then? - ( chuckles ) - I hope you're not looking for your 8:30, - 'cause she canceled. - What? Yeah, got a cold apparently. "Frightfully sorry." Still think you're going to like my life? You need two weeks on a sunny beach. Yeah, where is that lottery ticket again? Or I could show you my photos of me in my bikini in Lanzarote again. Sexual harassment. ( man singing on TV ) ( Emma giggling ) - Hi. - Oh, hi, Tops. Left you some takeaway. Oh, don't take any notice of her. ( Emma giggling ) - ( ringing ) - Come on, come on. Pick up, pick up, pick up. Oh God, come on. Answer me. ( sighs ) Operator: The person you are calling is not available. Please leave a message after the-- ( sighs ) ( cell phone ringing ) Tanya: Hi, it's me again. Just wondering. You'll never guess what Greats has done now. He's only put the police on to you. I know he's old, but he's mad, isn't he? It's embarrassing. What's for dinner? Only can you call me, Mom? ( beeps ) ( toaster rattles ) ( phone rings ) Mom? She's not here. - ( music playing on TV ) - Why didn't you call me earlier? You don't own her. She can go where she likes. I thought - you were supposed to be going with her. - I had homework. Yeah, right. Model student. Don't shout at me! Don't be horrible! It's not my fault! Always shouting at me. - ( ringing ) - ( dogs barking ) ( beeps ) Francis: Thank you for calling the animal shelter. If you leave your name and number-- ( beeps ) ( dialing ) - What time did they leave? - Don't know. Didn't notice. I was doing my project, innit? Speak English, Tanya. Oh, for God's sake. Why don't they answer? They never answer at night. They're always playing cards or something. That's what Greats says anyway. You know he moans about them. Hello? Yes, is Vic Marsham there, please? Well, wake him up then. She said to call when Mom get back. Look, my name is Matt Wellings. - He's my wife's grandfather. - Matt? Okay, look, I've heard enough. Look, put your manager on. Look, I'm not adopting a tone of voice. Look, please, Leanne hasn't come home. She's got our kids with her. I need to know, do you have a way of checking if she came to see her grandfather today? Please, it's really important. Thank you. ( sighs ) I don't know why she came back last time. I so would not have. Tanya, not now, okay? Let's just do one thing at a time. Thank you. No? Oh, okay. ( sighs ) I'd have told you before, if you'd let me get a word in. Farnes: Red car. Registration number Juliet 658 Lima Charlie Victor. Yeah. Okay, if I get any more I'll call you back. Right, Mr. Wellings. I've recorded her details on what we call an open log, and a missing persons report has gone on the Police National Computer. Now, both have been circulated to all units, which means that all officers out and about tonight will be keeping a lookout, okay? Yeah, okay, thanks. Is there any chance she could have come back here, gone out again? Matt: Tanya was here the whole time. ( sarcastic ) She had homework. I was just at the shops. Jesus! Tanya, do you mind if I have a word with your dad in private? He's not my dad. Farnes: I was just wondering-- is there a friend she might be visiting? Family? Her mother? I haven't rung them yet. It's not fair to worry them. Look at you, pleased with yourself. Mmm, go on. Be a devil. Well, just a smidge then. Mmm. Lovely, John. Maybe a bit runny. About 65 quid's worth there, I reckon. You're very clever. I'll do the labels in the morning. Oh, go on. Come to the market with me. I could do with a bit of totty to attract the customers. Oh honey, you know I'm not a market sort of person. ( radio chatter ) It's too close. Your cordon's too close to the car. I don't want any arguments. Barclay: If the car had broken down, she'd have phoned for help, surely. Maybe she stopped to let the kids out for a wee. And if someone had flagged her down, they'd have taken the car with them in it. - Barclay: Those cameras. - Beam: Oh, yeah. Yeah, there should be some CCTV footage from the bridge as well. Barclay: So why did she stop here? Useless bloody planks. Did we get that dog shelter bloke out of bed yet? Beam: No. Right, I'll go and bollock somebody, shall l? Yeah, pass it on. Why don't you? - All right. - Mr. Barclay? - Nothing to see here. - I'm the duty press officer, sir. - We have met. Defne Topcu. - Okay. Tops. So, how do you want to play this? Need me to buy you some time or press the button immediately? - ( scoffs ) - What? Nothing, Tops. You carry on. Well, it seems to me like the community impact assessment - is going to be a biggie. - If she's attractive, yes. So do we want publicity at this stage or not? Or should I just prepare an "if asked" holding statement? It's just there could be a lot of interest, it being a mother and two children. See, the problem with any kidnapping hypothesis is whoever took them would have had to wrestle with three humans and a dog. Tops: A dog? What, story just jumped straight on the front page, did it? Come on, let's go see the family. Come on, what? My hair's wet. I've got tracky bottoms on. How high up the list of their priorities do you think your wardrobe's going to be tonight? Never arrived on time for anything in her life. But it's only 'cause, well, you know, she gets enthusiastic about stuff. She gets waylaid. She-- - Free spirit? - Not that one. She'll give me hell if you use that one. There is one with just the three of them in here somewhere. I know you, don't l? - Here you go. - You've seen me at the gym maybe. Yeah. I didn't have it framed because Rosie didn't like the way her hair looked. We had those done last Christmas for their grandparents. My God, how can you just sit here talking about Christmas? Foster: This is a very worrying time for you all. And you, you sat here in the warm talking in a stupid soft voice as if that's going to make us stop panicking. - Do something! - Tanya, Tanya. There's a whole team assembling out there. Now the minute it's light-- You can't wait until it's light. It's cold out there. Rosie had the sniffles this morning. Can you not make a fuss, Tan? Please. Just for once in your life? Rosie is five years old. ( siren wails ) Hey hey, where are you off to? Going to look for my mom. Don't touch me! Don't touch me. You want to know the most useful thing you can do for your mom? You're doing it, Tanya. Sitting in there with your dad telling the detective sergeant everything you can think of. Like you'd say that if it was your mom and your little brother and sister. And I think you must have noticed he's not my dad. Like, he's black. Okay, but it's nighttime. What are you gonna see, girl? - You think this is fucking funny, do you? - No, no. Tanya, let's make everyone some sandwiches, yeah? Oh, please. Do you want to leave the family liaison to us? Do you have any idea where your wife might have gone? Unlikely places as well as likely ones? Is there someone she might have gone to see? Anyone she might have taken the children to see? Is there any history of emotional trouble? Can you tell me anything at all that might help me understand her state of mind? Mr. Wellings... I'm sorry to ask you this, but is there a chance she might be seeing someone else? Okay. Okay, I know you've got a job to do. I'm gonna try and answer your questions, but maybe... maybe we should get off on the right foot. I love Leanne. She loves me. We love our kids. There's no trouble between us. There's no secrets. I just want you to find my family. Is there anyone I can call for Tanya? Anyone who can come help out? You did put the bread in the bag? She's never got anything in that fridge. Eat when you're hungry, drink when you're dry. That's Leanne. I mean, it's all very well, but not once you're a mother. And don't-- don't tell me not to worry. That's what mothers do. Man: Bonjour vous estes bien chez Marie-Helen et Daf, nous ne sommes pas la pour le moment mais laisseznous un message apres le BlP sonore, nous vous rappelerons des que possible. Merci. ( beeps ) It's me again. It's nearly midnight now. Where are you? I don't know if anyone is going to eat them. Your last lot is still on the table. I'm not making sandwiches. I'm making toast. - Everyone eats toast. - Not a criticism, love. Matt: Tanya? Any good? Did you get through to your dad? He's still out. Are you sure you're leaving messages on the right number? Duh. - Hey, Tanya. - What? Look, I think your mom will be really pleased if you and me just looked after each other for a bit. Okay? Grandpa's strawberry! Your favorite! Yummy! You're all just doing my head in. - Tanya-- - ( stomping ) ( door opens ) Hello, is that you, love? ( door closes ) Kyle? There's sausages in the fridge. I've got those fags for you in the back of my van. Oh, thanks, sweetheart. Oh, love, what have you done? - Let me have a look at that. - No, don't fuss. Go on. I'll bring you a cup of tea. All right. I think he'd like us to say yes. What, spend a night in their bed? - We're not going to sleep a wink anyway. - I want to get home, John. We'll be back first thing. I'll bring the breakfast. Okay, thanks for everything. Barclay: The trouble is, the more attractive the woman, the more fuss all these journalists want to make. Yes, and the more help they can be to your investigation. Well, possibly. - Sarge. - Yeah. Tops: I'm getting the message pretty loud and clear that you don't like the press, sir. - Barclay: lain. - What? Call me lain. Obviously, lain, we don't yet know how serious this is. It has the potential to be massive. Two little kids. Yes, the dog is a plus. And then... You know him, I'm told. Only by sight. He's ex-army. - Meaning? - All the girls love him. All the girls except Amy. Well, maybe he's telling the truth and they're "love's young dream, and no secrets between us," but he's got a theory, has Matthew Wellings, - and he's not inclined to share it with me. - ( knocking ) Oh, guv, guv, this is Simone Farnes. She went out on the original call. - You wanted to see me, sir? - Foster: Thanks. Family-liaison trained, I hear? I went on the course, but since then I've only dealt with road traffic fatalities. I'll speak to your superintendent and get you seconded to the room. Okay. Defne Topcu. Luften uc bira getir ve gorebilirim yemek listesini? How come you speak Turkish? I can order a beer on seven continents. So, press conference in the morning then? Barclay: Not until we know who she is. She's a stonking great story, is who she is. But who is she really? What is her real and secret life? And where has she taken those children? Foster: There. She hasn't taken them anywhere. She left those children on their own. ( knocking ) Tanya? She ran away from me once. She was nine years old. She gave me such a telling off because I threw away her favorite shoes, even though they didn't fit her at all. They were, oh, awful things. Silver. ( laughing ) She stayed out all night. All night. - It was the worst night of my life. - Tanya: No, no! Of course, I'm the sort of person you have to be five minutes late, and I'm dusting down my black hat and choosing the hymns. She'd never do that! You're lying! You're lying! There's nothing that could make my mom leave her children. ( sobbing ) ( radio chatter ) Why don't you let me deal with this? I had to go to the petrol station up past the bridge. - It's a very strange color. - I won't inhale. Beam: And behold, a little flock of cuddly Community Support Officers. That's what happens when they send the proper search team off for yet another training exercise. - We end up drowning in dickheads. - It gets worse. You do know the SlO is plastic. What, he's not a real detective? He kept that quiet. Beam: lain Barclay was a uniformed inspector in traffic until five years ago. When he took the uniform off and went to detective training school the closest he'd been to a real murder was page three of "The Daily Telegraph." 100% plastic. Where do you learn this stuff? - I'm a real detective. - Yeah. - Barclay: Amy? - All right, guv? Can you get everyone to stop what they're doing? Everybody just stand still, please. This means you. Stop what you're doing now. This man works at the petrol station. He was parked down there, just where your cars are now. Barclay: The cars at the other end of the lay-by? Attendant: As if it isn't hard enough for me to shift flowers off my forecourt without competition from the likes of him. Leanne stopped to buy flowers. Off a wagon that was parked outside our cordon. - We extended the scene. - Not far enough. If we are looking at an abduction, and I don't think we're in much doubt now that we are, the only footprints that we're going to find here are our own. - Morning. - They haven't had their breakfast yet. Yeah I know, I'm sorry. But I forgot to ask their ages and my boss will pull my head off. What? Great yarn, listen. Rawdon. There's a woman gone missing with her two kids and the dog. This golden wedding of yours... She's 81. He's 87. In my day, if the old buggers didn't say anything interesting, - we made it up. - Why did you put it on the front page? Because I'm about to go to press. Because I draw the line at any more pictures of that bloody MP. And because you're a crap journalist, but you take a nice snap. Who'd you take this off? Her granddad. He's in the same home as the old buggers. Stick it in the scanner. - Name? - Josh: Leanne Wellings. She's 31. And she was supposed to be coming with her kids and this dog they were picking up from the shelter, because the old guy loves dogs. And listen, the thing is-- I forgot to say, the care assistant says that the police were there overnight, so it stands up. They found the car abandoned on the ring road. - Police confirm this tale? - No, I was just about to ring them. - How long did you say I've got? - About five minutes. ( moans ) But if anything happens throughout the morning, we will update the tapes, so please keep listening. ( exhales ) ( phone ringing ) Tops: It's 8:30 A.M. on Friday the 28th, and this is Defne Topcu in corporate-- Can't we just go with quotes from her granddad? - Who's the press officer? - I don't know. Funny name. I didn't catch it properly. Daphne or something. Defne Topcu. I met her on a fun run. ( chuckling ) All right, the wife met her on a fun run. She's in training for the marathon. I mean Ms. Topcu, not my wife. Go on. ( cell ringing ) Hello? Who? Do we know each other? How did you get my private number? Okay, here's how it's gonna work: When there is anything to tell you, you will be told. What? There's no harm in asking, is there? Whatever. Bitch! Jumped-up bloody minging public relations slag! Hey, we'll make a proper reporter of you yet, lad. Fuck you, Rawdon. ( phone rings ) Yeah yeah. Yeah, I'm sending it through now. ( sighs ) Bastard. John: Tanya? Tanya, someone to see you, sweetheart. I don't want to see anyone. ( sighs ) - But it's Jaime, love. - I'm in the way. No no, don't go. She needs her friends. Tanya? You go on up. You go and see her. See if you can cheer her up a bit. - ( knocking ) - Go away. It's only me. Why didn't you phone me? What's happening? Has she gone off with a boyfriend or something? What, and left me behind? Thanks a lot. She might have, you know. She's quite good-looking for her age. Hello, earth to planet Jaime. My mom's gone missing and she might be dead. Sorry, I was only trying to cheer you up. Fuck off! I hate you! I never want to see you again ever. Stupid fat minger. ( phone ringing ) Jaime, Jaime? Hello? Well what's that got to do with you? It's the local radio station-- a reporter from the local radio station. My God, this is really happening, isn't it? I've been through all of it twice. - Okay? - And we were doing so well. You know, I read somewhere they reckon there's more than four million CCTV cameras in the UK. That's one camera for every 15 people. - Officer: Sir. - You sure? Yeah. Okay, they got the car parked-- 17:50, This camera here. I've got Leanne crossing the lay-by. I've got the kids leaving the lay-by. Four minutes later, I've got the kids on the bridge. But right at that far end of the lay-by, where the flower wagon was parked-- - Is a blind spot. - Yeah. Foster: So whatever happened to Leanne in that lay-by, we've got no pictures. Terrific. ( laughs ) Sorry, did I miss the bit where this was funny? No, I'm sorry. Okay, well, if you do see anything, give us a call. - I will, okay. - Thanks very much. Okay, thank you. Thanks a lot. A bomb could drop and they wouldn't notice a thing around here. I got this one. Good morning, sir. ( door bell buzzes ) ( gasps ) Go away. I'm asleep. Oh sorry, It's the police. We're making house-to-house inquiries about two missing children. Sarah: Sorry, I can't help you. Little brother and sister, age seven and five, mixed race, possibly with a dog. I haven't been out all day. I've got hideous jet lag. I know how you feel. I've been up all night myself. What time is it? It's just gone quarter past 4:00. ( gasps ) Oh my God! ( beeps ) ( sighs ) No, don't worry. That's fine. 25 past 4:00. I can't believe it. ( panting ) ( barking ) Hello? Excuse me! Officer! Did you get lost? And you hid in here? That was clever. I'm supposed to be looking after Rosie. Officer! They're here! Help, over here! Help, please! Quickly! Where is she? Where's your sister? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 