Five Days: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Five Days 
 s1e5 - Day Seventy Nine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Five Days (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 5 - Day Seventy Nine - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (theme music playing ) Foster: I must remind you that you are still under caution. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defense if you do not mention, when questioned, something you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. Nawaz: There's no number plates on it. The wheels are gone, obviously, and the kids have stripped everything out on the inside. Same kids who wouldn't think of calling the police. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Around here? You must be joking. - So who did find it? - Community Support Officer. Found the ASBO baby smoking a joint in the back... of what might just be the van where Leanne bought her flowers. Sorry, guv, I'm going to be late for this bail application. Leave you my umbrella? Matt: I used to think you were holding out on me. I thought, "It's all right, because they know lots of stuff they're just not telling me about. Operational reasons." But you don't know any more than I do, and you never have. Let's just talk about why you're here today, shall we, Matt? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why we're here is because you're not doing your job. You were arrested for assault occasioning actual bodily harm. He won't keep away from us. Francis: She's mine. She lived with me for three months when she first got rescued. It was me who nursed her back to health. We meet in the street. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Pretend I don't know her? Not say hello? You haven't got the sense you were born with, have you? Matt: I shouldn't have hit him. I'm especially ashamed of doing it in front of the children. But this is a man who wants a piece of our grief so bad that he confesses to killing their mother and then has the nerve to cross the road to tell them their dog looks sad. - Where are you going? - Nowhere. You'll get in worse trouble if you miss French again. Like I care. I hate French! Mom's doing one of her spaghetti nights later. I don't need you feeling sorry for me, Jaime. You need your mates though. Everyone needs their mates. I can't stay the night. Francis: It's a well-known fact that 40% of murderers don't remember the actual moment. You go into denial because of the trauma. Francis, you didn't do it. You can't even drive. You got no car, no license, no way of getting all the way across town to that lay-by in time to do anything to Leanne. You were tucked up in front of neighbors. - We've been through this 100 times. - I've dreamt of killing her. That's just wishful thinking, - and it's because she took your dog. - That dog was important to me. Shut up about the bloody dog. You were very lucky to avoid a charge of wasting police time. Yeah well, well done, because now I'm gonna do you for an offense under the Protection from Harassment Act. It was him killed her. That's my theory-- me and everyone else. How is it gonna look when it comes out in court that you made a false confession to murder? Who's gonna wanna give money to your dog shelter after that? Eh? Daddy's gonna get back and find the prettiest girl in the whole wide world, isn't he? ( sighs ) Fancy you having to chase after reporters on this job. Oh, once a story goes off the board, it's a nightmare cranking it back up. And you've gotta keep prodding at people's memories somehow. A bit droopy, these wings. Right. Arms up. Up. ( gasps ) Where has she gone? ( gasps ) There she is. - All right, well, don't wriggle. - Careful. Barbara: Do it out there, darling, please. Sorry to be rude, Mrs. Poole, - but I have to get back. - Oh, that's all right, dear. - It's stopped raining at least. - Wanna say hello to Grandma? Couldn't shut me up for trying one time, could we, Rosie? Well, that's progress... of a sort. - ( chuckles ) - Because today he actually managed to stay in school till almost lunchtime. ( faucet running ) Anyone would think he doesn't trust me to look after her. No, it's not about you, is it? I mean, he doesn't trust anyone with her. Well, won't you stay for tea? Or a glass of wine? I'll put an ice bucket in the fridge. I need to get home. I promised my mom. - You young women and your poor moms. - ( chuckles ) Bye, you two! Ethan: Bye, Simone! Rosie, bye. ( door slams ) It's getting hard to remember the child she was before. ( door opens ) ( door closes ) Tops: No, they're really sweet pictures, Josh. - They're lovely. - Josh: It's a bit desperate, isn't it? Six weeks since you found the body, and you're trying to grease my palm with sweet-ickle-bickle-kiddy-pics. You can have them exclusive. I love a nice dead blonde as much as the next guy. And the kids are sweet enough, but the husband? I mean, let's get real. I'm not a racist. I'm really not, but you're dealing with a mass audience. You need an everyman hero that they can all identify with. And he can't be a black guy? He'll cut it just fine if it turns out he killed her. ( sobbing ) I love you. I love you, Leanne. ( men shouting ) Sir, the defense appreciates these are very serious allegations that the defendant faces. However, no forensic evidence has yet been produced in this case. And further, you'll see that the defendant has not been charged with any offense in these matters relating to sexual or physical assault. So the very stringent conditions that we are suggesting are that he is subject to a rigorous daily curfew, that he appears at a police station every day, and that he lives and sleeps every night at his mother's known and fixed address. Magistrate: I am satisfied that if granted bail, there is a significant risk you may interfere with witnesses. No, you can't send me back in there. You will therefore be remanded in custody. But they've got nothing on me. They've got nothing on me! They've got nothing on me! It's not safe for me in there. It's not safe! ( men shouting, banging ) ( men chanting ) Nonce, nonce, fucking nonce! - Nonce, nonce, fucking nonce! - They can't get at you. Don't lock me in here with them. Simmer down! This isn't gonna get you anywhere! You're gonna hurt yourself. You heard her, shut up. Watch him. No! Stop! Go after him! Can I see that? ( phone ringing ) D.S. Foster. ( chuckles ) Oi. Shaky, butterfingers, have you lost something today? What? Don't take your coat off. Tops: The prisoner was in the custody of a private security company when he absconded after a routine remand hearing. He's not thought to be armed, but the public are warned not to approach him. Now count to 10. ( chuckles ) You've got spinach in your teeth. Matt: This one here, He's got dodgy wrists, so don't put him on the rowing machine. Even the cross trainer is a bit-- what? The bastard's out. Man on TV:...who escaped from a bail hearing earlier today. Betts is described as being 28... ( groaning ) ( sirens wailing ) Hey, Granddad. No, I don't want you to keep coming all this way. A child your age... exposed to this? I brought you a paper and a pen. You keep losing them, plonker. For the crossword. It's not as though I'm ill. Daft, yes. Selfish. ( sobbing ) Stupid. ( sighs ) Blow. Grandma still hasn't come to see you, has she? Well, she's fed up with me. No change there then. She keeps telling people what you did was an accident. Lke, how is that gonna help? It's me you should be angry with, Tanya, not your grandma. She's been so strong and looking after you all. Whereas look at me-- useless. I haven't sat on a bus for about nine hours to listen to you beat yourself up all over again. Your grandma was the best thing that ever happened to me... until your mom came along. And then you of course. You love Mom the most though. You might as well admit it. Well, you know all about, you know, fathers and daughters. When Mom was... just missing I was glad. No, not glad, but I just thought, "Now my dad will have to come back for me." I'm like, "Duh." You'll always love your dad. You can't have an ex-dad. Hmm. I think the world might be a better place without all this love going on, because all it does is make people hurt each other. Otherwise, life would be so lonely. It's lonely anyway. There's that one mystery for you anyway. It's got to be Kyle who killed Leanne, or why do a runner? The bosses never fancied him for it. What about you? It doesn't matter what I think, does it? As long as everyone backs off, and doesn't start interfering. - Are you talking about me? - I'm talking about Matt. I don't know what you two got up to fighting in Yugoslavia, Gary, but I don't want you two letting him do anything stupid. Before you issue your bleeding heart warnings, mate, I should warn you. I would murder Kyle myself if I get my hands on him. ( chuckles ) I'm not having any vigilante bullocks, Gary. Not on my watch. Do you understand? We're soldiers, me and Matt. It means we know how to do as we're told. Don't worry. I won't let him out of my sight. Foster: Okay, I'm with you so far, but how does this prove that Kyle and your Macedonian mate were both in - on the snide cigarettes together? - Well, just say they were. It could place Kyle and Branko in the layby together when Leanne got out to buy her flowers. The children never saw Kyle there. Yeah, but if Kyle was inside the flower wagon with Branko, they wouldn't, would they? Handing over the boxes, sorting out the money, - organizing the next shipment. - Exactly. And what if Leanne had a go? "l know who you are. You're selling cancer sticks to my granddad. You should be ashamed. I'm gonna go to the police." What, so Leanne died because she was a health fascist? Leanne died because she loved her granddad. Amy, just remember what sort of pressure she was under that day. Okay... so Leanne has just had a row with Matt on the phone. She's scared that he's having it off with that horrible little Danielle from the gym, and at some point she's gotta tell him that she's pregnant and he's not gonna like that. So she's wound up because of Matt, but she goes off on one with Kyle. And there's all that gravel in her hair, remember? So maybe Kyle just pushed her, she fell, cracked her head, Kyle panics, Branko panics, they put her back into the wagon... and then they dump her in the lake. So why did Kyle go back for the kids? I'm still working on that. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, All that theory from from one little fag packet that could have come from anywhere. Okay, so it's not evidence, - but look, it's cheered me up. - Well, that's a result then. ( sighs ) Eat before you come, because I'm not doing the food, okay? All the times Kyle wandered in off the street, I never took him serious. He stood there in his poxy supermarket combats. "Got any S.A.S. Posters to give away, mate?" Role model now? ( chuckles ) Dozy little wannabe. At least that's what I thought at the time. Matt: I just want to know what happened. What he knows, what he's not telling the police. I don't want to hurt him. Yes, you do. Yeah, all right. I wanna tear his face off. Maybe this is one of the things we're not meant to tell people. I can't remember now. ( sighs ) Gary, whoever put Leanne in that water must have-- Look Matt, whatever you do now, nobody in this whole country is gonna blame you. Nobody at all. Look, Shanti, the reason I'm calling. We've got a carpet-fibers analysis lurking in an in-tray somewhere in your subterranean depths. Well, you know we only do "urgent" - if you pay through the nose for it. - All right, don't worry. I'm not asking you to do it. Just find out where it's got to in the system, sort of a leaving present. He won't come to me, will he? He still thinks it's all my fault. He doesn't have a whole lot of options, Mrs. Betts. He's got no money, no phone, not even a belt to hold his trousers up. You're going to be watching my house? That's not for me to say. But if he makes contact, if he turns up-- Give my son up again? It's for his own safety. She's coming back. - Persuade her to have a word with me. - She won't. She thinks you're a little prick. Not that she would use language like that of course. Twist her around your little finger. Hazel! Hazel? Hazel! Hazel! - What's happening? - Get her to promise to tell you - if he gets in touch. - Oh! Oh. That wasn't my fault. I didn't mean anything. Fuck. Is he all right? Just get out of the way. Get off him! I don't know why he even talks to you. - Because I come and see him. - Yeah, only when you want something. - And you won't talk to him! - Vic: Stop it! Don't talk to her like that. I think I felt something go, Hazel. ( Vic groaning ) Woman on TV: Draw on a big smile now. - No, don't! - Don't! - Ethan: Don't, stop! - No, no. We're playing at being asleep. How to be Mommy. Can we go home to our house? Rosie doesn't like it here. ( phone ringing ) ( sighs ) ( beeps ) Sarah, this is Barbara Poole. I'm sorry to ring you like this, but I really don't know who else to ask. Free free. Free free. Free free free. 30 years of slavery. Oh, free at last. I'm gonna be stuck up here for hours now. Yeah well, don't even think about missing my party. You think you've seen me in a temper? You're wrong. See you later then. Oh, yes. Men in my family know how to pick their moments. That pervert on the loose, and here's my dad carted off to hospital, Matthew getting himself arrested... and John-- well, he's out for the count. I was very sorry to hear about your husband, Mrs. Poole. "l want to be man enough to say goodbye," he said. I mean, what is it with these men, Sarah? Here's me that gave birth to her. He has to go and take an overdose, get carried off to a hospital and have his stomach pumped. I can remember Leanne as she was. All he can remember is that thing, that poor... broken thing. Five weeks dead. But you have to go on, don't you? You have to survive for the children's sake. I mean, whatever happens in life, you can't just give in. I know I sound hard to you. I lost my job today. And it's nothing compared to-- I know. It's who you are. ( car honking ) Here's my cab. I can't say how long I'll be. Well, I brought my toothbrush. But Mrs. Poole, I am a bit worried. What shall I do if Matt comes back and finds me here with the children? We're not-- we haven't spoken since the day Leanne was found. We had a few days of non-speaking with him ourselves. But if Matt starts moaning about who does the childcare, he can start by spending more time at home. Ethan: Sarah! I've missed you too. Please can we go to our house now? Would you mind? Barbara: Dad! Dad! Dad! Oh, Mrs. Poole, he'll be so glad to see you. Look who's here, Vic. I'm not staying here. A hospital at my age. Get carted out in a box. Well, what's he doing out here in the corridor? Well, they said it wouldn't be for too long. I'll take over now. Thank you, Hazel. Right, well, I've got to go now, love. If I don't get out of here... - there will be trouble. - I just want you to know You've been like a daughter to me. Have you been drinking? Excuse me! Excuse me! Who do I have to see to get anything done around here? We are watching his mother's house, aren't we? There's going to be an obs van outside all night, - Jenny, listen to me. - No, you listen to me. We're three months into this inquiry. 11 weeks into an inquiry you said yourself could make or break this force. We're staring at the long haul now, and long haul equals small staff. The common-sense view would be that once things get difficult, I actually need more investigators. You just used a rude word. "Common sense," yeah. Return four more detectives to core duties from Monday, and don't just send me the rubbish. You're pulling my team apart just when we have a chance. Oh, and I've had a specific request for your CHlS handler. No, l-l-I can't do without Jim. The blessed St. Francis has decided not to press charges over the assault. Good. Well done, terrific. Um, Jim... Next for the chop, am l? Soon I'll be the last man standing. Sarah: "And for all I know, he is sitting there still. He is very happy." Rosie's asleep. ( whispering ) No no no no. Don't wake her up. It's time you were asleep too. - No! - No, it's late. Oh, sorry. You like the light on. It's okay if you stay. Just for a little while then. Did your mommy read you stories? Oh. Yes, she did, I think. Did a bad man kill her? Yes. A bad man killed her... and I was really really sad For a long time, just like you. I'll kiss you better if you like. I'd like that. ( chuckles ) - ( door opens ) - ( footsteps approaching ) Is that Daddy? What the fuck are you doing here? Oh, Jesus. - You gave me a shock. - Excuse me, I live here. I was feeding the dog. And that's my dressing gown, thank you very much. - Ethan: Sarah! - Tanya: Is that the kids? Are you here on your own with my kids? Stop fighting! Everyone's always fighting. ( sighs ) Foster: The man was in a white van with writing on the side, wasn't he? Was it big writing? - It was dirty. - The van was dirty? Rosie got into the dirty van. Foster: Ethan, it's all right. Come sit down. ( chatting ) - Hello. - ( cheering ) Tanya: my friend Jaime's always onto me, like, come to hers because her mom's doing a curry or whatever. And I go round, like tonight, and every time I forget and every time it happens. And I've got to sit there while I eat my curry-- well, it's spaghetti tonight, but whatever. I've gotta sit there while they all go like this. - ( moans sympathetically ) - Rubbing your nose in it, yeah? You getting on better with Matt? Not much choice really. Everyone says you only hung around with us to get into his knickers. Ouch. But it wasn't about him, was it? It was about the children. So why do you never come and see them anymore? Not invited. Did you and Matt have a fight? Well, if we did, I missed it. You were with him when they found my mom... and he can't stand it. Bloody hell, the state of him. God, I used to really fancy him. No, he was always a fat git. Well, he's fat and bald now. Oy! Mal, you evil bastard. What, have you come to "review" my party? Why don't you get the fuck off back to London? Yeah, I love you too and all. Get that down here. Did I ever shag you? I can't remember. Neither can l. Tops: Do you think she minds? Leaving the biggest job of her career half-cocked? We don't do pink and fluffy stuff like minding, remember? I would. I'd mind. I got kicked off it myself today. It's just a job, right? ( cheering ) Right, now I know I said, "no speeches..." - Man: All right! -...but it's my party - and I'm the governor. - ( cheering ) No no no, shut the fuck up, You gobby gits or someone will call the police! ( cheering ) I thought you said, "No speeches." Foster: Well, well, well, It's a woman's perogat-- pr-pro-- perog-- perogatude. Easy for you to say. ( all laugh ) Anyway, it won't be a long one. Well, not unless I get lucky tonight, and that will be a first. No, listen, honestly everyone. I just wanted to say... That I've done 30 years in this job, and... frankly, it's been a bloody nightmare. I didn't like the hours. I didn't like the bosses. I didn't like the villains. I didn't like the aggravation, and, well, half the time I didn't really like the victims either. - You liked the overtime. - Foster: Oh, yeah. I was going to say... that the one thing I liked was the mates. - Ah. - But I take that all back, - Because you're a bunch of tossers! - ( all cheer ) No, seriously though. Seriously, I mean, It's been a really great life, and that's because of all of you lot. Well, I want us all to stay in touch. All right? Because, I mean, we're like one big family, aren't we? Only better. No no no. Really, I mean... well, I mean, What am I gonna do without all you lot? What am I gonna do tomorrow? Get a cat? Become one of those pathetic cat women. ( imitates cat ) Help her out, Jim. Yeah, shall I get her down before she makes a tit of herself? ( scattered laughter ) Yeah yeah, you can all laugh, But it's coming to you all. Come on, baby. Come down. Open the box! Take the money! - I don't want it. - Come on, darling. - ( chuckles ) - ( applause ) I need a drink. Gary: The only other place he ever goes is the jobcentre, and they don't exactly welcome midnight callers. He was always at the gym apparently. Weird that I never remember seeing him there. Snuck under the radar. It's like old times, this. Soldiers sitting about waiting for the firing to start. ( phone rings ) Jim beam. What? I can't hear you. I said, "I'm with Matt." he's in the car. I told him I was going for a slash. Listen, he's in the car outside Kyle's house. - I'll get right onto it. - No no, why I'm ringing is to say call your lads off, because there's no way I'm gonna let him get into more trouble. Just do him a favor and take him home, Gary. All right? Sorry, mate, but I can't leave you responsible. Look at you. Walking away with your full pension, not yet 50, a life ahead of you. How many of that lot in there Do you think I'll ever see again? Yeah, but it's not like that, is it? It's not a family. It's a job. I don't want to go home. I should think not. You can't leave your own party. Take me somewhere. Come on, Jim. Make it a night to remember. All right, don't let yourself down now, Sarge. You must have noticed that I like you. Yeah, Amy, I'm very flattered, but it's because you're out of your head. Jesus! Get off me. Why don't you come back inside? Who are you looking at like that? Piss off, turkey. Gobble gobble gobble. Oh, for God's sake. The modern world. Look at the pair of you. You know I don't mean any offense. If you don't mean it, Sarge, don't say it. Your mother never tell you the one about sticks and stones? In our country, our mothers teach us not to get pissed, stand on a table and make a tit of ourselves. Your country. You were born in fucking Luton. Hey, come on, you. Hello. A knight on a white charger. Oh, am I not allowed to say that anymore either? - Oh. - Come on. Foster: Hang on, hang on. I'm all right. Oh, Dad. You gave me a shock. You should be looking after your husband. He's best where he is for now. Why did you ever get married, Barbara? Oh, dad! What a question! I fell in love. I sometimes wonder if you ever really loved anyone In your whole life. I loved you. Daddy's girl. Bad choice. One-way street in our family, the love thing. Now you're being daft. You never even liked me. And I was so dense, I didn't see it until Leanne was born. And you and Mom came to see me in this hospital. And you took that baby in your arms, and I saw you fall in love with her. And my heart broke. Jealous of your own daughter? I never came first for any of you. Your mother had this idea that sometimes people were just born into the wrong families. She would say, "The stork took a wrong turning there." New bloody shoes. What was I thinking? - Coffee? - Scotch. Coffee it is then. Now I hope you're not expecting a shag, Because I've got my standards, you know. ( laughs ) ( Egyptian music playing ) ( laughs ) It's been a long time since there was a woman in this house doing that. Yeah, the last one knew what she was doing, right? Well... ( volume increases ) She did it in bare feet, generally speaking. ( laughs ) Woo! Gary: I don't know, mate. If they catch us out here again-- Then we move on again. You like getting arrested, do you? I'm getting used to it. Say Kyle was to walk around that corner right now and you got to ask him all your questions. What's to say he would tell you the truth? What, there are worse things than not knowing? As long as I live, I'm gonna know my lovely wife was too scared to tell me she was having my child. My kids are with their grandmother tonight because I've got so I can hardly even bear to look at them. To look at them every day, see Leanne in them and know that's all I got left of her. Barclay: You could put yourself in the paper. "Feisty female. Time on her hands." "Seeks younger man to make a fool of herself with... again." ( laughs ) How long was it before you stopped looking your wife's stars as well as your own? I'm into astronomy, Amy, not astrology. See Orion up there? The mighty hunter. Boasted there wasn't an animal on earth he couldn't kill. So the gods sent a scorpion to kill him dead. - And yes, my wife was a Scorpio. - ( chuckles ) And I do still sometimes look, - only 'cause she always did. - You're such a bloody girl. ( laughs ) Now, you see that big bright one? - Mmm. - That's the mighty hunter's faithful doggie. Thanks. That little mushy part, see? It all looks mushy to me. That's the Pleiades, the seven sisters he loved and lost. Still chasing them, he is. Chasing them forever across the night sky. I didn't tell anyone. Okay okay okay. - Not anyone, not even Daddy. - Shh. - Am I a good girl? - Yeah. Look. Rosie, I'm sorry. Can we go and wake her up now? ( sobbing ) ( Gem barking ) Rosie! - Sarah: Ethan, Rosie? - I saw the man. I saw him. He was here, coming to Rosie. Can we go and see Mommy today? 'Cause look, I picked her some flowers. Danielle: Sorry! Sorry. Sorry, I'm not late, am l? ( alarm beeping ) In you come then. Just give me two seconds. Oh, look at you. Eyes like piss-holes in the snow. Been out clubbing? If I was Matt, I would get a hold of him and rip him limb from limb. ( phone ringing ) Oh. D.S. Foster. - Oh, hi, this is Shanti. - Ex-D.S. Foster, - retired. -Thanks. Who? - Shanti. - Oh yeah, hi, Shanti. Hi, I tried calling you yesterday, but you weren't in your office. No no, I left the office a bit early. Well, no worries. It's just I found your carpet fibers in the in-tray of a colleague Who's gone on a course for a month. The case was 95% done, so I thought as a special favor, and since it's you, "I'll finish the last 5%." We've got a match. This place was ramped out with Leanne's DNA and fingerprints. The world and his wife left their DNA in here. Leanne visited her grandad all the time. You had to discount it. It's not evidence. Right now I don't give a stuff about evidence. She scraped up this carpet to show us where she was held, Amy. She gave us all the help she could. Short of a note telling us who done it. In the dim and distant past when I was still a police officer, we turned this place inside out. We never searched here until after Rosie was found. Yes, because the family didn't think to tell us that this place even existed. Even then, we didn't do the drains, or the sinks. We didn't take off the walls. It wasn't a murder scene then, and we don't know that it's one now. For god's sake-- Would you just calm down? You're like a bloody old woman. You're fretting and panicking. Leanne and Rosie were in here together. We know that now. At least some of the time they were in this caravan together. So why didn't Rosie say? Why did she never say? Now look what you made me do. Shame we couldn't wrap this one up on your watch, Amy. I would like to have seen it through with you. I'm going home. You can finish this one on your own. Let me know how it turns out, if you wanna live. The wife's idea of a bloody birthday present this is. She wants the gorgeous hunk she married back. I were bigger then - than I am now. - ( chuckles ) Gents are having to use a disabled loo today. Till the plumber comes to fix the system. Sorry about that. You don't want fleecing by some chuffing plumber. No, you don't, Rawdon. Gary, stop him. Started a sodding flood the last time he tried to be helpful, And I got the blame. - 10 quid says it's your ball cock. - ( gasps ) Oh my god. There was a car. I got knocked over by a car. - I think I need an ambulance. - Danielle: Bugger that! I'm gonna go and get Matt. It's okay. I'm a first-aider. ( grunting ) ( groaning ) - Don't! Don't! - What the fuck did you come here for? I thought, "What would a soldier do? What would Gary do?" - He would have kept his trap shut. - I never told. - I never. - Well, you're gonna have to tell now, boy. You're gonna have to tell what you did to her. What you did all on your own. It really hurts. Maybe I'll get you a doctor. Call the police. Do it now. - Climbed in through a window. - A car knocked me over. - A car when I was running away. - Gary: Shut it with your whining or you're a dead man. No no, not like that. You know what I want? I want... the truth. My mommy's got lots of red things. She's got a red dress, red shoes and a red special teapot that Daddy gave her. Red was my mommy's favorite color too. ( chuckles ) Let me do this. Matt: Why were you in the layby - in the first place? - It's where we used to sort the money. There in the layby. So I'm in the back of the flower wagon, and I hear Leanne, and she's going off on one, bollocking Branko. "Oh, you two, you're selling cancer sticks to my granddad. You're killing my granddad." And Branko hit her. It was only a shove. A bit of a shove, But she just went down... and hit her head. She just laid there. Branko was-- was beside himself. Like, what if he got sent back to Macedonia? And so I said, "Let's take her to the caravan. - Buy time, wait." - wait for what? Someone to tell you what to do? Leanne came around. "My kids. I've left my kids. They're on their own." So I went back for them. Is the doctor coming? Because I'm-- Did you... touch Rosie? Tell me the truth now or so help me you will need a doctor. I've never touched your little girl. That is the god's honest truth. What did you do to Leanne? I didn't mean for her to die. But I came back... I was too late. I was too late. I took her body to the water, and I put her in. - I said a prayer. - Matt: The thing is... it wasn't too late, Kyle. When you put her in the water-- I didn't want to. When you put her in the water, Leanne was still alive. No. You drowned her. ( sobbing ) No. You came and looked at her. You said she was dead. I looked up to you, Gary. I believed you. You? Mommy said she was tired and cold. She was cold as well. And you tried to warm her up, didn't you? I cuddled her lots and lots, but I kept falling asleep. I tried not to, but-- will the man get into trouble? When the man came to see you this morning, what did he say? He said I'm a good girl. And he said, "Sorry, Rosie." Barclay: So I think that means that it's okay for you to tell. Rosie, it's time to tell now. One time when I woke up, Mommy was on the floor Going, "scrape, scrape, scrapey," Iike this on the floor. She said, "Come on, it's a game." Didn't you want to play? I cried, and she cried too, and she fell asleep on the floor. And the next time you woke up, she was gone, wasn't she? If I played the game with her like she wanted me to, would she still be here? No, she wouldn't. It's not your fault. When you told Kyle - to dump her in the lake... - Beam: open the door! - ( pounding ) -...did you know she was still alive? Beam: Open the door now! ( groaning ) Did you know you were ordering him to kill her? Answer me this one. Please answer me. - Just this one thing. - That's enough. Break it up. No, don't take him, Not until he's told me! ( grunting ) Kyle. Kyle. Did Gary know she was still alive? I've got to know. Kyle, Kyle. Kyle. I've got a bloody cheek, haven't l, when you think about it? I've been so angry with you. And I'm paying for it now because it's so lonely at home. You can't imagine. No, of course you can. I used to long to be alone. You said to me once-- you said, "When will you ever grow up, Barbara?" Job of a lifetime, that is. You know, that day, the day Leanne disappeared... I was making the jam. And you didn't like it. You said it was runny. Oh, I'm sorry. Thoughtless. And I thought-- Well, not right then, But later, I thought, "She's wondering if it's runny because I didn't boil it for long enough. She's wondering if I didn't boil it for long enough because I went out. She's wondering if I went out and killed Leanne." It never occurred to me for a moment. You get so there's... nothing you can hang on to. No one you can trust. He admired you, didn't he, Gary? He looked up to you as a soldier. I mean, they all did-- Kyle, Matt and Branko. I never met Branko. Not in Yugoslavia, no. I think you're telling the truth there. I think you met him over here. A chance thing. Bumped into him in some car park and bought some dodgy cigarettes off him. No comment. Offered to help him with the organizing for a cut of the profits. I think Kyle and Branko were doing your bidding when they put Leanne in the lake. I think you knew she was still alive. And I think that means you killed her, Gary. Just like you killed Branko. Just like you put that last boot in on Kyle. You killed all three of them. One after the other, just to shut them up and protect your investment, while you played the good soldier and the good friend. ( recorder clicking ) Change the tape. ( tape clacking ) I realize how much I owe you, Sarah. No, you don't. I owe you I think. He's slobbering all over the balloon. For showing me what is possible. I can do it, I can. Dad, tell her! All right, come on. All right, come on. That's enough fighting. All right. All right. Mommy liked red ones, didn't she? Yeah, honey. She loved them. Okay, all right, all right. Come on, let's go. Time to go home, Gem. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 