Five Days: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Five Days 
 s1e4 - Day Thirty Three - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Five Days (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 4 - Day Thirty Three - full transcript 
 Leanne's body is discovered in a lake, and the family begins to turn on each other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (theme music playing ) John: Look at them all. Madness. Best place to be on a bank holiday is your own back garden. There's always plenty of parking. Don't fuss. We agreed we were going to try and give those children the semblance of an ordinary day. A normal day. ( car approaching ) Matt: lmagine all the things you thought you knew all changed. I mean, you think you know your own children, but... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ethan's too good and Rosie's too quiet. And why not? 'Cause "Hey, kids, your mom upped and left you" or "Your mother is dead." Not much of a choice, is it? So, yeah, the sightings, in some ways they are the hardest thing. This week-- and this is just the ones I know about, okay-- someone saw Leanne in a campsite on Loch Lomond and someone else had her on a canal boat coming down the Bingley Five Rise. Even I thought I saw her-- eating chips on a park bench. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then you go out the door and there are people out there, families Iiving their normal lives and you're like, "Do you have any idea how you could just lose it all? Like that. Like that." Rawdon: And in just a few minutes the marathon and fun run will be taking off from the west side of the park. Don't miss it, ladies and gentlemen, just follow the banners and the countdown will start. If you haven't signed any sponsorship forms yet, Iook out for the buckets and dig deep, ladies and gentlemen, 'cause it's all for children's charities. Matt: And meanwhile the world still turns. Out there, the world still turns. First timer? That obvious, is it? There's got to be twice as many people here today as last year. We weren't famous last year. Silver lining, Rawdon. You've had many a front page out of us being famous. And just look at the money we're gonna raise! Rawdon: I would like to introduce my lady wife. What a fantastic turnout! Rawdon: So if you'd all just finish limbering up, hop to the start, we'll be ready to go. Go on, folks, put money in the buckets. It's all for charity. - We'll be counting down any second now. - Go, girl! All: 10, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. - ( air horn blasts ) - Mrs. Hull: And they're off!# Rawdon: All the way around, it's a big long way for them, finishing at the lake of course. Make your way there now. We'll get you running next year! What's up with you? Boy wonder. He's got a grown-up snapper with him today. I wonder what the little sod's after? After making his fortune. ( camera clicking ) Could you turn the pages, Matt? - Like this? - Woman: Yeah. ( doorbell rings ) - Shh. - Hello, little darling. - We're early, aren't we? - We can't come out. But it's all arranged, darling. We're going to the park, remember? Look at the boats. Ethan, don't close the door. Where's your manners? - And where's your daddy? - He's busy. Who's he got in there? Ethan: You can't go in there. - Well, there's a surprise. - There's no need to be like that. Get your hands off him! He's not yours yet. See? Barbara. Barbara. Barbara, please. You're vile. You disgust me. - Look, Barbara-- - Get your hands off me! Don't touch me! - Oh my God. - You've got the wrong end of the stick! Look, Barbara, stop. Just listen. What on earth is going on? Not content with stealing my daughter's husband, she wants to make money out of her too. No no, Sarah did a deal with one of the reporters just to keep all the others off our backs. Us paying the mortgage not good enough for you? ( sobs ) I've tried so hard to believe in you, Matthew. Take me home. No, don't, look don't leave, please don't leave. Barbara, the children need us all to be toget-- Barb-- Barbara: She's got him eating out of her hand. And we know nothing about her. Nothing. - John: I told you, didn't l? - As for him, you never liked him and now I'm agreeing with you, all right? All right? Are you satisfied now? As soon as that town hall opens in the morning, I'm getting the Social Services onto him. I am. Social Services? Barbara... - John! - Stop! Whoa! - Hold on, mate. - Sorry sorry. I'm fine. Don't fuss. All we do is wait. Wait while life goes by without us. Man: Off you go, mate. - Here she comes. Come on, Tops! - Come on, girl! - Come on, girl! - Come on! Look what I got ya. You've got nothing better to do? Oh yeah, I could be watching the telly or mowing the bloody lawn. ( weed-whacker stops ) Children need their father, however no-good he is. Tanya! Probably wrote the time down wrong, innit? "lnnit." If I want to get aggravation about the way I speak, I can go back to Matt's house. We weren't talking about your dad. You should tell him it upsets you when he's late. And stress him with it? Stress him like Mom did and watch him walk away? ( doorbell rings ) - ( door opens ) - Daddy! Whoa! - Not late, am l, princess? - No. It's like "Night of the Living Dead" out there, some sort of zombie Olympics going on. I nearly ran two of them over. ( imitates ghost ) - Stop it. - God, what are you wearing? Go and put something on. You can't go out like that. Mom bought me this. What was she thinking, eh? Joke. You look great. ( car horn honking ) Both: Zombies! You're all a load of zombies! Whoo! Ooh! Well, that's a nice hug from my favorite girl. Do I get a hello too? Always so quiet, sweet pea. We were supposed to see the boats. We can go on one if you like. - Can Sarah come too? - Rosie: No! She meant it, all right. It wouldn't be so bad but Matt always defends them. It's like he can't see it-- the racism. - That's a big word, Sarah. - I wouldn't say it to John and Barbara. They'd deny it anyway. He can't work. He can't get benefits. He's got no money coming in. At least I know a bit about business. At least I know how to cut a deal. Hello, Matt. Double time is it, on a bank holiday? I called her, Matt. You know Rosie won't go out with me in my car. Don't tell me again I'm too involved. It's just-- take care of yourself, because afterwards, after all this is over, there might not be as much room for you here as you think. Wasn't me who dragged the poor grieving sod down to the station. It wasn't me who kept him in a cell overnight. You got a bollocking for that, didn't you? From your boss? That's not his style. ( weed-whacker stops again ) ( cell phone beeps ) Not disturbing you, am l? I saw Kate Moss wearing something just like that in a magazine. Kate Moss is an old lady. What about those? They're minging, Dad. Don't worry, I won't be claiming the overtime. We're not going to talk about work, right? No no. Absolutely. Ringing you on your day off, I'm sorry. Oh, don't start with the "sorry" stuff if you wanna live. - Move over. - Amy, there's not much left for a man to do in the modern world. There's lawn mowing. It's a well-known fact we can only concentrate on one thing at a time. - And there's corkscrews. - Ah. Bank holidays are the pits, aren't they? Rawdon: We've got... a lost child at the administration booth. Her name is Bethany. She's six years old. She's wearing like a pink flowery T-shirt. Could Bethany's mom or dad please come to the administration booth? ( echoing distortion ) Smell this, Matt, it's fantastic. Here, I'll bruise it for you. - Sarah, all these people-- - Smell. It's heaven. Smells like lamb chops. I'm feeling a bit gawked at, tell you the truth. - ( camera clicking ) - Oh. Well, we could go down to the lake. It might be a bit quieter. Then Ethan can have his boats. Besides if I stand here any longer, I'll go home with more pots than I've got windowsills to stand them on. Matt: Leanne. ( breathing heavily ) Sorry. Sarah: Let's go, Matt. Don't worry, Matt. The kids will be fine with Simone. You'll have to forgive the mess. Nice place. You know what it's like-- you reach a point when there's still two boxes need emptying and nowhere to put the stuff even if you still wanted it. Oh, poor things are so dry. Soaking it up, look. Oh. Sorry sorry. Sorry. It's all right. Leanne used to say all this apologizing we all do, all this endless feeling guilty, it's just another way of feeling sorry for ourselves, another way of enjoying it. I can hear her now. "Stop bloody wallowing." I don't need you to do this. I need to, actually. I really do. Rawdon: Here they come, ladies and gentlemen. Big cheer now, come on, cheer him in. 981, well done, sir. Lovely. Come on, keep cheering. There's more coming and they're all raising a lot of money for local children's charities. Sarah, Sarah. It's too soon. It's too soon. - Look. I can't-- - Shut up! Shut up! - All right. - Brown sauce? It's there, behind you. - ( horserace announcer on radio ) - Foster: You see, you can witter on about your dead Macedonian - as long as you like-- - I don't witter. I know you long for Branko to lead you to Leanne, but there's not a shred of evidence to link their murders except she bought flowers from him. Well, it's got to go back to Kyle Betts and his snide cigarettes, hasn't it? I mean there's more money to be made smuggling fags than heroin, these days. Big profits to protect. If we could just find evidence to link Branko and Kyle Betts... Um, one of them got themselves shot dead and the other one might as well have done, for all the information he's given us. Or Branko and... our two veterans of the war in Yugoslavia, that's the annoying one. There has to be a link to Matt. 'Cause then it would all fit together like a horse and carriage and you'd get the Queen's police medal. You see? Men, they always go... "Warfare, guns, international conspiracies! Yee-haw!" Whereas a woman-- - That's sexist nons-- - No, Matt tells us that he doesn't suspect Mrs. Whiter-than-white Wifey is playing away from home. Intel reports say he was jealous as hell. One lntel report. Intelligence isn't evidence, and motive is just for storybooks, Amy. I can barely work out my own motive for getting up in the morning. ( snickers ) I've never believed that Leanne was shagging Daf Parry, you know that. But if Matt believed it... Is he attractive-- Daf Parry? To a woman? He thinks he's the mutt's nuts. Silk socks! Oof. God, I hate vanity in a man. What a lovely weekend off we're all having. Open another bottle. I don't know about weekends off, do you? No hinterland, guv, that's your problem. Pot. Kettle. What? Well, l... I agree there's always something left when a marriage is over, something that keeps bringing you back. Daf didn't kill her. Shame, really. He's just the sort of man the word "toerag" was invented for. Mom said the food in France is dead salty and why do you never get any veg? You don't eat veg if it's put in front of you! A vegetarian who doesn't eat vegetables. English teenagers, good God. I don't know how you can eat that-- gateau de pink blobby bits. Dad... It's not because I don't want you. It's 'cause your girlfriend doesn't want me. Don't be a baggage. Marie-Helene has been very kind to you. No, she has, and in more ways than you know. If she hadn't offered to look after the clients, I couldn't have come back at all. August bank holiday! Come on! So she doesn't know about you and Mom then. What? 'Cause I know about the ticket, Dad. I heard everybody talking. They always do that. They always think they can hide things from us, but then they whisper away with the police in the kitchen. Mom had a one-way ticket to France. You buy them one-way 'cause for some reason they're cheaper. Listen, Tanya, I don't want to upset you, but your mother wasn't coming to see me for love. There was only one thing she ever wanted from me. Money? What for? Money, what for? So what if I was a bit late with it sometimes? Endless earache about child support, God. And don't tell me she didn't try and get you on her side. She never says anything bad to me about you. Everyone knows you're not supposed to badmouth the absent parent and she never does. Why do you keep talking about her as though she were still alive? Daddy. That was terrible. What I said, that was terrible. I just-- God, Tanya, I can't get my head around any of this. If Mom is dead and you go back to France without me, then I lose both of you. I'll have no one, Dad. Please. I don't know what I've done with my shirt. On the floor outside the bathroom. So you're the one with the tragic life and I'm the one who gets the mercy fuck. Didn't even get that. I feel like a bloody rapist now. I thought, "Everyone else thinks we're doing it, so we might as well." Oooh! ( laughing ) Come here. ( crowd cheering ) And are you being polite to Nana? I hope so. I'll be home for tea. Of course I will. I promise. Put Nana on now, sweetheart. Boats! Look boats! Ethan! Sorry, Mom, I'll call you back in a bit. Ethan! Don't get out of my sight, please. - Oh, hi. - We're taking Gem on a boat ride. Oh oh, dear. No, I'm sorry I don't think so. Look, no dogs on boats. I'm afraid it's just one of those things. Mom wouldn't let us when the sun was shining. Your mom and her rules. Why don't we sit in the dark for a bit and feel sorry for ourselves, snivel into our hankies where nobody can see us? - I'll even do a "rom-com." - No, an 18. - One with zombies. - Ooh. And, Dad... can I leave with you tomorrow? Whatever you want. She doesn't like being on her own. It's good thing she's got Scooter to play with. What if she runs away and never comes back? Of course she's not gonna run away. She's on her lead, isn't she? You wanted to come, Ethan. Thank you for bringing us. ( whispers ) Magic word. Magic word. Thank you. Do you know what I think we should do? I think we should go and rescue poor old Gem. And then we should go and get some ice cream. Can we have pizza instead? Man: Help! Help. We found something here. Help. Please. Help! Help! Help! ( shouting continues ) ( shouting continues ) Help! We found something here. - A pencil then-- anything. - You're the one who's supposed to be a journalist. And where would I keep it in this chuffing costume? Five quid and a Chinese takeaway says it's just an old carpet someone's dumped. ( house phone ringing ) ( cell phone rings ) Yes, Foster. ( phone ringing ) ( ringing ) ( sirens wailing ) ( sirens passing ) ( crowd applauding ) The search team is just setting up, - but it does look like a body. - Okay. Beam: You've been on the piss with him? Do me a favor. So is it Leanne? Is it her? There'll be a press release in due course. Do you mind standing behind the cordon, please? Mrs. Hull: Could you get out of the way of the runners, please? - Excuse me, mate. - Out the way! Woman: Come on, boys. You can do it. ( crowd cheering ) I'm sorry! I'm really sorry. - I didn't see you, sorry. - It's okay. Are you all right, doll? I said it's okay. Piss off. - It was me. - What? I killed her. I read a story once, about a man whose nose climbs off his face and goes around town on its own pretending to be him. ( giggles ) Yeah, it's a Russian story. No no, but that's exactly right. That's exactly what it feels like-- Iike this is all about someone else. People staring, newspapers writing, policemen arresting... some other guy who's walking and talking and pretending to be me. I changed my name. Why? When? I was 16. I just didn't want to be her for one more day. Didn't want to be that "Blood-soaked Toddler in Tragic Murder Vigil." At least that's why I told myself I did it. So now I'm nobody's daughter. Go on then, what was your name before? Mildred Postlethwaite? Cruella De Vil? I'm not telling you. I don't want you Googling me. Why, what... wicked sins could l possibly find out that I don't know about already? The reason we're here right now-- it was never a mercy fuck. I just had to shut you up somehow, had to stop you talking about your wife. I couldn't bear to hear the love in your voice. I'm always gonna feel like that about her, Sarah. I know. And you should. It's right, it's the right thing. And I admire you for it. It's just-- ( doorbell buzzes ) I'm scared as long as I live nobody will ever talk about me like that. ( doorbell buzzes ) Hello? Farnes: Is Matt with you? ( alarm beeps, locks click ) ( engine starts ) Beam: No, you're not under arrest. Let's take things nice and slow, okay? You can still have a solicitor if you want one. Oh oh. It's a bank holiday. Well, they've got special ones who work on their days off. Well, I can't stay long. I have to see the dogs, they need me. Francis, why don't you just tell me what you know about what we found in the lake today? Is this-- is it for the tape? We're not taping this. It's just a chat, okay? It's like all those other chats - we've had, remember? - Yeah, all right... I killed her and... just put her in the lake. She was just so beautiful. ( sobbing ) Foster: Beginning to wish I hadn't given up smoking. Christ, what's taking them so long? I'm rather enjoying this. I like a mystery. I like a result. Let's hope you're the one who goes home happy. Not in my nature, guv. It's her then? Awful lot of trouble if it's a supermarket trolley. "The Lady in the Lake"-- one of my favorite headlines. ( cell phone rings ) Mick Danes, yeah. Doing that old queen's legwork? Santa's little helper? It's quite hard to take the moral high ground when you're dressed like a giant rabbit. Radio announcer: Breaking news now: we're getting reports that a body has been found by police searching for the missing mother, Leanne Wellings. The body was found in a boating lake five miles from her home during a charity fun run. We'll bring you more details as soon as we have them. Hello. Did you want me? Yes mate. Just want to know  what this was all about today. Is it Leanna? Garry, do you really think  I'll make you privilege  to confidential information  regarding this inquiry? I don't know.  I tell you plenty. And you 've been  well paid for it. There is nog need to be like that. Listen. Just get round here and be a proper friend, will you. TV announcer: Footfall starts to make up a little bit of ground through the field over the far sides. Spotty Cheese setting up a fantastic gallop here. - ( car engine revs ) - Hill Boy and Laughing Water still racing in third place. Drainpipe coming down the center of the course with Heavenly Sent on the inside. Heavenly Sent coming down the center. Gracious Lady back in last place... ( race commentary continues ) ( knocks on door ) Come in. Your bike's gone west, has it? I need a car in this job. Yeah. Well, I presume you've got something to say, so out with it. Just came to get your reaction. My reaction to what? Uh... nothing. No, I made a mistake. No no no. You're not going anywhere until you've told me what's happened. ( yelling ) ( news on TV ) Oh God. Good God. Come on, come on. It's all right. Come on. Come on. I'm here. I'm here. Come on. Ethan: Won't you miss me though? - Tanya: Baby bro... - Ethan: Not a baby! Of course I'll miss you, big bro. You're gonna come and visit. It's so cool in France, you wait till you see. Don't look at me like that. You've got your dad all the time. Barbara: I remember the last time... Iast time we had to wait for hours to find out if it was her. We were at the airport all night waiting for you, Daf. And I remember I still thought-- I still believed... my daughter would be coming home. John? ( clears throat ) I think we all know we're probably facing the worst possible news here... and we need to make some plans. It's not right to assume that. It's not right to make plans that don't include her. Who's the one making plans that don't include her? - What's your point? - Tanya has decided to go back to France with her father. Oh. Okay. But we think-- well, Barbara and I think that we need to talk about the little ones too. We think it might be best if they came here to live with us for a while. - Why? - Admit it, Matthew, you're not coping. You abandoned them this afternoon in the park to go running off with that woman. So he's a suitable father and I'm not? God knows, Daf wasn't faithful to Leanne either, but at least he earned a proper living. Money? Is that what this is all about? Your wife bought a ticket she didn't tell you about, to travel hundreds of miles to beg me for money. For your daughter. You expect me to believe you spent my child support on Tanya? ( doorbell rings ) Is there some news? Could we...? What do they want? Nothing, nothing. Come back to bed. Barclay: It's important to stress that we can't be sure of anything until after the postmortem. But I do need you to... Iook at this. I gave her that bracelet. The things I gave her she never wore but she liked that one. I got it right that time. How long till we know for sure? It depends how straightforward the identification turns out to be. But we can identify her straightaway. We prefer to rely on dental records. What shall we tell the children? Best not to say anything for now, if you can. You don't think it's gonna be like this... your worst nightmare. Your own daughter-- you never expect you might actually end up looking forward to the moment when you know for sure that she's dead. No. I'm sure there's a million things I should be asking you. I can't think of anything at the moment. Barclay: Well, you have my phone number. Please feel free to ring. You have told my father? I'm so sorry, I thought you... Let me phone your daughter. She'll come if she wants to. She knows where I am. ( sobs ) The desk are happy. We're the splash. Fuck off, Mick. If I wanted to be breaking bad news for a living I'd have been a weatherman. Some clunky piece of wood in a helmet turns up, total stranger, bad news, horrible. At least your old guy got it from a familiar face. He's 80 years old and tough as old boots and you sent me round there to make him cry. If I was in the mood for using long words I'd call that infantile omnipotence. - What? - It's not about you, you little tosser. He's lost his granddaughter. Wasn't you who made him cry. You were just there at the time. You still serving food in here? - Barclay: Cut the air in there with a knife. - ( car alarm beeps ) I think they took it quite well. I don't know. Can't hold it in forever, can they? How much doubt is there, actually? Part of me just wants to say yes, she's definitely dead, so they can get on with it, get on with the sheer hard work of grief. See you in the morning. Daf: Tell him what you're gonna do if he doesn't hand over the children voluntarily. Well, go on, tell him. No no, it won't come to that. Barbara: We've had little enough help from the authorities. It's about time they gave us some support. - John: Barbara! - Matt: Social workers? You're letting social workers loose on my kids? Farnes: What's going on? Just let us look after them till all this is over. Matt: This is never gonna be over, John. This is for life. Farnes: Let's just-- Matt: I loved your daughter. I loved you. You were the only family I ever had. And I would rather die than let my kids go into care. Well, if you died they'd have to, wouldn't they? - You bastard! - Leave him alone! Farnes: Both of you, act your age. Oh yeah, Mr. Big-- typical squaddie, only knows - one way to settle an argument. - Daddy! I'm going back to the hotel. My flight leaves at 8:00 in the morning. - But we haven't got my ticket yet. - Can you stop milking it, Tan? Stop trying to use her death to get me back into harness. Is Mom really dead? No no. We don't know yet. Nothing's certain. Don't lie to us! I... - I'll be in touch. - Daddy. Daddy! All right, come on, let's go. Ethan: No, not without Tanya. You don't get many proper Egyptian belly dancers these days. It's against their religion and all that. No, she's Australian. I thought he just had weird taste in music. Dr. Tobolska: Calls herself Amunet, which means Goddess of Mystery, apparently. Her real name's Anthea. Honestly! She's from Brisbane. Broke his heart, poor old boy. Oh, you're painting pictures I'll never erase. Are you ready to get started? No. Guv. Guv! He's on another planet, look at him. Foster: I like a nice warm mortuary. That any better? Do you know, I think it's got even hotter in here. Assistant: Get one of those big fan things and I'll waft gentle breezes at you. I really don't like to think of the air in here moving about any more than is strictly necessary. So come on then, hit me with your new theory. Thousands of theories, can't make any of them stick. I didn't think that was allowed in today's thrusting young police service. We don't really do - thrusting and young, do we, guv? - ( door opens ) Jesus Christ! You're late. The air conditioning's gone down again-- bank holiday special. ( groans ) So, Mr. Barclay, you've got no theory, your dashing young detective-constable's got no stomach for dead people, and yet your sergeant here can eat 10 men before breakfast. Using my famous charm, I cracked her like a walnut. I'm sorry to break it to you, guv, but I only do younger men. Here's a theory for you, Marina: What if she turns up dead, but you take one look at her and tell me, "Oh, she may have been missing five weeks but she only died this morning." Have you seen the state of this body? You know, if she'd been alive all along, some madman had kept her captive somewhere in a torture chamber all that time, then I could have saved her. Nightmare scenario. I don't have nightmares about her. Not every night. - Sorry. - I went from missing person to murder too quickly, without the evidence. It's amazing what you can lose sleep over when a case is going tits up. - ( sighs ) - What? Fingernails-- I hate the bit with the fingernails. What is it? Blood? Dr. Tobolska: No, it looks like fibers of some kind, Ioads of it, under every single one of her fingernails. ( doorbell rings ) Emma's away all weekend. You know she is. I just thought I'd come round and check you were okay. I can hardly move and I keep wanting to cry. - ( laughs ) - Next question? Put me on the sofa, put me on the kitchen floor, I can't be on me own tonight. ( Tanya sobbing ) She'll be glad to wake up at home in her own bed anyway. Tanya doesn't see this as home. Why should she? I've never been much use to her, poor kid. You just need to cut each other some slack, you two. Get to know each other a bit better. Yeah, if we get the chance. If John and Barbara don't dog me into the Social Services. "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" syndrome. The white folks are all right with a black boyfriend as long as he looks like Denzel Washington. Well, it's been a long day for all of us. When will I know whether Leanne was pregnant? Tomorrow. I slept on the sofa. Are you gonna buy that or what? Proud of yourself, are ya? Attendant: Oi, what about your petrol? Put me in the book of heroic failures. There's nobody else in here that could even run for a bus, which makes us all very proud of you and your strong legs. Emma, l... didn't think you were back till tomorrow. I dropped my stuff off at the flat this morning. You were still asleep, I think. So pick a winner. The race was yesterday. Go on. - Barbara. - Emma: Bad luck, sweetie! - I got Daf. - I got Matt. What, we're running a sweepstake on who killed Leanne? Got to have some fun in here. Have you seen these headlines? Never got this kind of coverage for poor old Branko, did we? Branko was a bit lacking in the long-blonde-hair department. Just as dead though. Look in the classifieds. Find yourself another flat. ( phone ringing ) We're family. We have to cope with this as a family. Social Services? Yes, I want to talk to your child protection team, please. Listen to me, Barbara. For once, just listen to me because I've really thought about this. We're going to make it up with Matt. We're going to find a way to help him with the children. Why? Because it's the right thing to do. It's what Leanne would have wanted us to do. My God, now she's dead and she's still running our lives. Are you ever ever going to grow up? ( phones ringing ) Ready for you now. You'll talk to Matt Wellings before the rest of the family, all right? It'll be a few days before we can confirm the baby was his. How do you think he'll take it? He thought the world of Leanne. He trusted her. She was the jealous one. Guv... I think we should stop thinking of Leanne as a victim. What, in spite of the fractured skull, and the gravel in her hair and the water in her lungs? She drowned. Alive when she went into the water. But that's not a detail we're releasing. Everything I hear about her, everything I learn, she's just not the victim type. So I was looking at the photos of the fibers under her fingernails... The theory is they're carpet fibers. Right, okay. Well, I thought, what if she did it on purpose? Scraped up lots of the carpet on purpose, to tell us where she'd been taken? Yeah, I woke up thinking the same thing. We'll make a detective out of you yet. What is it? Nothing. I'm so sorry. No, come on, what is it? Hormones... Iack of sleep, this bloody awful job. - No, Simone. Not good enough. - All right. Well, all week I've been waiting for a bollocking from you for arresting Matt and bringing him in, making him feel like a suspect, jeopardizing the enquiry. You made an honest mistake, and I don't do management by bollocking. No, you don't do management at all 'cause you're like some awful trendy dad. You just want to be liked. And I haven't slept, I can't eat... just waiting to be kicked off the job, all because you won't speak straight. ( cell phone ringing ) Yeah, hello. I'm sorry you had trouble getting through. - Busy morning. - Yes. I won't hold you up. But I want to see her. I want to see my daughter. The dental records were fairly conclusive, I'm afraid. I'm her father. I'll happily take blood samples from you and your wife. 50% your D.N.A., 50% Barbara's... Equals 100% Leanne? You condescending shit. You taught science for 30 years, so you don't need me to describe what five weeks underwater does to the human body. You're dead right. I don't. And you'll also understand there are health and safety considerations. Health and safety? Health and bloody safety, and objectives and targets and outcomes, key stages. Scientists are the baddies now. Is it any wonder they can't get anybody to be a science teacher anymore? Let me get someone to take you home. I'm not happy about you driving. You treat us like children. Okay. We couldn't make a visual identification because she doesn't really have a face. Okay. I don't know what the rules are. I don't know what people do in this kind of situation. Nobody tells you what you're supposed to do. All I know is that I loved my daughter but I didn't always... defend her as I should. And now that she's dead, I want to do my duty by her. I want to be man enough to say goodbye. Leanne's voice: Hi, this is Leanne. Sorry we can't take your call at the moment, but please leave a message and we'll call you back. ( beeps ) Hello, if you want to leave a message for anyone in the Wellings family... ( knocking on door ) ( answering machine beeps ) ( reporters clamoring ) I would have come around last night but I thought family time and... God, I am really sorry, mate. All I can think about is what if she was pregnant. Haven't they told you? Still waiting for news. Always waiting. Waiting for them to find the children, waiting for them to find Leanne. I'm scared I'm gonna have to grieve for the two of them. My wife, and my unborn child. 10 years old I was... when they discovered the secret of the double helix. The answer to every question of human life: D.N.A. It was beautiful. The men who discovered it said they knew it would be beautiful and it was. And they were Englishmen. Well, one of them was. And that was my life mapped out. No more opening for England or driving the Flying Scotsman. I was gonna be a scientist. They talk about pester power now-- good God, the nagging my poor parents got. 11th birthday coming up, I had to have a chemistry set. Can't get them for kids now. Huh. Health and safety. Look, John... "Closure," don't they call it? Good God, the language of Shakespeare. Will you wait for me? - You can't go in there alone. - Try and stop me. When we catch whoever did this to your daughter, do you want some smart asshole to get him off on the grounds that I failed to prevent the body being tampered with? You're talking about her as if she's some kind of exhibit. That's exactly what she is to me. Walk away, John. Remember her as she was. She was 100% Leanne. You said it yourself-- 100% my beautiful daughter. How exactly do you think she can hurt me now? ( theme music playing ) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 