Necessary Roughness: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s2e14 - The Fall Guy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 2, Episode 14 - The Fall Guy - full transcript 
 Dr. Dani tries to help hot-tempered Coach Purnell keep his cool. Nico and Matt investigate a major scandal. TK turns to the Hawks' Quarterback to try and get himself back up to #1 wide out. On the eve of Angela's birthday, Dani's sister comes to town. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Necessary Roughness... I'm working for a charity now. Since when? Since...Juliette Pittman hooked me up. You submitted your own draft board to Hank? What was I supposed to do? I put you up for this job. Least you could have done is come to me first. Touchdown, Hawks! Joe "Toes" Kittridge, the newest addition to this franchise, is making a huge impact on the Hawks' offense. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Toes should be the guy on the sidelines trying to get in the game, not me. I'm caught between the man that I love... and the man that I am dangerously attracted to. Ready? Break! In football, when a team has sewn up a win... Six...Five... The safe move is for a quarterback to take a knee... Set, hut! ...because no one's allowed to hit you, there's no risk of fumbles, and the clock can just run out. But in life, there are no safe moves and plenty of fumbles. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And sometimes, our best efforts to control things have a way of backfiring. Coach, so, how do you feel heading into the bye week? After a win like today, like a pig in slop, my good man, like a pig in slop. But, Coach, even with today's win, are you a little concerned with how the team seems to be racking up penalties lately? Penalties? We just beat a damn good football team out there, and all you want to focus on are penalties? Well, with 15 penalties for 131 yards today and 13 for 127 last week, are you a little afraid that you're starting to lose control of this team? Losing control? We're 7-2. Does that record sound like I'm losing control?! Coach, why are you so defensive? We're winning games, and you want to chew my ass over some false starts?! You're damn right I'm defensive! And you would be, too, if you had a boss who was too damn busy swigging booze and swinging from chandeliers to fax your agent a well-earned contract extension! Let me tell you something -- as long as we're winning, I don't want to hear another damn word about penalties! I'm the pilot of this bird! I got my hands tight on the damn controls! And you can put that on a plane and fax it! I got my hands tight on the damn controls! And you can put that on a plane and fax it! This is amazing. What is? Coach's rant. Yeah, I was pretty sure he was gonna eat one of the reporters. Hmm. How many more hours of community service do you have left? Uh...20ish. Why are you cleaning like a mad lady? Is the Pope coming? No. Grandma's on her way over. Hello! Oh, my God. Scratch that. Grandma's here. And she's not the only one! Ta-da! Hey! Hey, Ronnie! Hey! Aunt Ronnie. Aah! Aah! Hey! Hey, Ronnie, what are you doing here? Yeah, I missed you, too, Dan. Your sister came in all the way from Vegas to surprise me for my 65th birthday. So, uh, grams, what's the birthday plan? Darling, I don't plan my own birthday parties. Oh, your mom wants to make a meatloaf or something. No, I suggested a small dinner party with some family and friends. That's what you said -- you wanted something small. Yeah, small doesn't have to mean dull. Girls, girls, there's no need to fight. There will be plenty of time for that. You two go get your aunt's things from the car, please. What's -- what's happening now, Ronnie? Are you staying here? Both of us are. How much fun is that going to be? All my babies under the same roof. Mmm... Set, hut! Yo, hillbilly slim. Should I bother coming out for the next play or what? Just going through my progressions out there, T.K. Oh, like you went through your progressions on Sunday? What are you talking about? Two receptions, 11 yards. That's what I'm talking about. We won, didn't we? We would have won by a lot more had you passed me the ball. You're leaving points all around the field here. If we're gonna make the promised land, we have to work together, all right? Show me some love. Some love. Hut! What the hell was that? Just showing you some love. No, I do not think that Lindsay needs a Brazilian blowout, Ronnie. And can you please stop putting expensive "hair-brained" ideas in her head? Yeah, yeah, pun intended. Duh. Hey. Everything okay? Uh, it will be in six days and seven hours. That's when my sister goes back to Vegas. Oh, the sister. Yeah. The one you never talk about. Right. 'Cause when I do talk about her, I lose it. Yeah. Speaking of, uh, losing it, I assume you've seen it by now. Oh. Coach's press conference. Yeah. Uh, I'm guessing that Juliette's not so happy. Yeah, safe guess. Oh, Mrs. Purnell. Dr. Santino, Matthew. Hey, Felicia. You looking for coach? Actually... I'm looking for you. He just isn't himself. Other than the press conference, how so? Our marriage has always had one rule. We never go to bed angry. We always talk everything out. But lately, he's been so secretive. And now, he's not even coming to bed. So, are you thinking that... He's having an affair? Honey, he's been having an affair for 30 years. With football. Oh. I know you can't take him on as a client. But do you think you can talk to him as a friend? "Fax off, Juliette"? This is a major problem. I've been telling you that we need to talk to him about a contract extension. Look, he's just frustrated. He's not the only one. Do you know that his rant about me has over 2 million views on YouTube? 2.5, to be exact. Ray Jay, give us a sec. He's interning. He takes killer notes. What are you getting at, Juliette? We have a bye coming up, right? That week break will give us the opportunity to reach out to Bill Cowher and Bill Parcells and gauge their interest. Well, who put those names in your head? Surprise! I can read the sports page, Matt. Look, those guys are gonna get snapped up after the season's over, so I thought we'd get a jump on it. All this because of the press conference? I will not be publicly humiliated. His bark is worse than his bite. That's because you're not the one being barked at. If old yeller is so upset here, maybe we should put him out of his misery. Time to clean house, fellas. We are going to fire coach. ♪ Baby, work your magic on me ♪ Necessary Roughness 2x14 ♪ The Fall Guy Original Air Date on February 6, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == Hey, Dr. D. Got a minute? I got 60 minutes for you tomorrow at our regular-- Regularly scheduled appointment, I know. This is a quickie. It's a drive-by. Okay. Start driving. Rex is a buster. A-a buster? It means "lame" in white people. Oh, Rex Evans is the...quarterback. Yeah. I've been working my ass off, and Gomer freaking Pyle will barely throw me the rock. Well, maybe you have to establish your rhythm off the field before you can find one on it. Bromance his ass? N-- I am suggesting that downtown T.K. has to re-establish trust with out-of-town Rex. Talk more about it tomorrow. Coach, hey, can I talk to you for just a sec? Uh, yes, the infamous press conference. It'll probably be engraved on my tombstone. Would you like to talk about what happened? I blew up at a reporter. It wasn't the first time a coach did that, and I guarantee it won't be the last. Well, I was just wondering if maybe something else was going on. Felicia talked to you. Well... She said that she was worried and that you've been closed off. I specifically told her I didn't want to talk to you about this. Okay, but if I can be of any help... Like Donnally was supposed to help or Hank was supposed to help? I think I've gotten enough help from my friends at the Hawks this year. The only problem I have is figuring out how to beat Denver after the bye, so if you'd let me get back to my job, I'd appreciate it. Okay. Coach... if you change your mind... my door is always open. This was a great idea. I haven't had a milkshake since, uh... I can't even remember when. Okay, so, how many hours do you have left in this community-service thingy? I'm almost done, actually. Really? That sucks. Okay. When you're done, you should stay on as my personal assistant. Really? Well, I'd love to, but I kind of have that finishing school/ getting in college thing standing in my way. Mm, college-shmollege. I went to three of them in four semesters. It's a waste of time, if you ask me. Yeah, says the girl who was just handed a billion-dollar football team. Wow! You've got a little sass in you there, butterscotch. That's what I like about you. Okay. Do it part time. Why me? I'm surrounded by old people, Ray Jay. You're, like, the only one there who speaks my language, not to mention actually takes me seriously. Part time, huh? It would let me stash some cash for college, so... See? Now you're thinking. Okay, but there's one thing. If you're gonna work for me, you have to dress the part. What's wrong with my clothes? Everything. ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah Doctor. Oh, God! Nico! I will never get used to this. Mm. Does this happen often? Oh! What -- What are you two doing here? You talked to the coach. Is that -- is that what this ambush is about? Coach's job's on the line. Juliette wants to fire him. Can she do that? Can't the league stop her? As long as the Hawks keep winning and Juliette doesn't burn down any buildings, they're not gonna get involved. Whatever information you might have would be very helpful. Without breaking Felicia's confidence, I can say one thing with certainty. He is hiding something. The question is...what? Yo, Rex! What's up, baby? You were shooting lasers today. I thought I was leaving points all over the field. What do you want, T.K.? I can't just compliment my quarterback? I got to want something now? Is a frog's ass watertight? Yes? No? Listen, I owe you an apology for getting in your face at practice today, so I just wanted to You know, apologize. Apology accepted. Cool. But, hey, Rex, listen. We got some time off, right? So I was just thinking, like, we could have some -- you know, some one-on-one, get some food, have some fun. You trying to bromance me into throwing you the ball? What?! No, bro, no. No. Come on. We got to work together. So I was thinking, you know, we could break some bread, chop down some trees, you know, whatever you do on the weekends. No mention of football. Well, how do you feel about turkey? ♪ Man, I feel like the life of the party ♪ Hey! What are you guys up to? I'm teaching Linds the Dougie. The what, now? Mom, it's a dance. And check out my new nails. Aunt Ronnie says that they give me swagger! Oh, Mom, did you know that Aunt Ronnie is Zac Efron's favorite Blackjack dealer? He once doubled-down 20 grand on 16. How awesome is that? It was even more awesome when I laid down a five and he threw me a $1,000 chip in return. As awesome as that story is, uh, we got to figure out what we're doing for grandma's dinner. Look, I know ma asked for small, but in Angela speak, that is code for big. Look, I say we do a costume party, like the ones dad used to throw. No, we could get the whole gang back together from Commack. Even better, we make it a surprise. You know the best thing about surprise parties? Knowing when they're coming. Ma, how long have you been standing there? Long enough to hear a great idea. A costume party with the old gang sounds like a blast. Told you. Yeah! Nico, Matt. What's going on? Is that the Matt? The one that ma's told me so much about? No. I'm the other Matt. This is my sister, Ronnie. Younger sister. Nice to meet you. I can see why you like working so much. Okay. So, I'm sure you guys aren't here for coffee and scones. Somewhere we can talk? Yes. Come on in. Come on. Excuse me. Yeah, sure. Hey. This isn't something that we could have talked about at the facility tomorrow? This is a conversation we can't have over there. Why not? Because we think we know what coach is hiding. And it could bring down the entire team. A bounty system? It's when someone pays a player to intentionally take out a member of an opposing team. They target certain players and then go out and try to hurt them, to knock them out of the game. That's horrible. Not to mention unethical and possibly criminal. Uh, you really think that coach could do something like that? You back someone into a corner, his survival instincts kick in. He wants to win. The question is -- how much? I've been scouring game tape. We have been hammering guys after the whistle, out of bounds, hitting quarterbacks low. It's like they're actively trying to end people's careers out there. Okay, and this is all based on watching some game tape? Not quite. Here's coach and Damani Jensen. He plays free safety, and we think he's in on it. Well... What happens now? Yeah! You know, this kind of thing goes against every fiber of my being. We saw you meeting with Damani. You followed me? What the hell were you doing? My job. Your job? Well, you want me to give up mine, say it already. I'll write you a letter of resignation right now. That make you happy? That's not what we're asking for, Coach. Well, if you're not asking me to resign and you're not gonna fire my ass... Get the hell out of my office. This inquisition is over. And then your dad shows up wearing a mankini. Oh, and back in the day, he was smokin' hot! Dad? Ew! Double ew. Just don't. Why don't we talk about something a little less historic? All right. How about, um...Matt? Oh, well, you know, there's nothing to talk about there. Sure there is. Like, what happened? Yeah, Ma, you never really said. What happened? We were at different places in our lives, and, um...you know, my work is really consuming. Yeah. Yeah, that is some racket you got going there, Dan. Seriously? I'm a therapist. Yeah, people talk, you listen and take their money. Sounds a lot like the night shift at the Blackjack table to me. Oh, that is, minus the glamour, the cute outfits, and the $1,000 tips from hot celebrities. Oh, I hope some of those hot celebrities are invited to my party. Mama loves me some Tony Danza. Well, I'm not sure he's going to be making an appearance, but a lot of your old gang is. Um, I sent out some invitations, but there are a couple people I couldn't find. Hey, Ma, will you, um, take a look at the list and, uh, fill in the gaps? Let's see. Cesar Ivanelli moved to Florida. Betty Olson is dead. You know what? This is too much of a hassle. I don't need a big party. What do you mean, grandma? No, I just want a small dinner that we talked about. Ma, you were just so gung ho about it a second ago. Well, that was then, and this is now. And right now, I don't want to hear another word about the party. Capiche? You know, when you said how do I feel about turkey, I thought you meant with, like, cranberry sauce and gravy. So you've never been on a turkey shoot before. Well, I've shot turkey before, but it's always been wild and, you know, followed by a hangover. But I-I can change my game. Now, listen up. Your weapon is not a toy. It's a .22-caliber rifle. You got any experience with guns? No good ones. Oh, yeah. Sorry. You know, maybe this wasn't such a good idea. You know what? No. I-I'm moving past that. And today, I am the hunter, not the hunted. Good. All right? Now, turkeys can pinpoint a call from 100 yards away, so silence is golden if we're gonna pick off one of these suckers. Silence is golden. Got it. But speaking of 100 yards and picking off... ...I was open on Sunday when you threw that interception in the third. You just can't help yourself, can you? No, but I'm also trying to help you. Okay, listen, if you, me, and Toes work together, it spells one thing -- p-l-a-y-offs, baby. Shut your trap and close your eyes. Old spice? What is that? Masking agent. This hides our scent so the turkeys can't smell us coming. Now close 'em and zip it. Oh, no, no, no. I'm good. I -- Close 'em and zip it. Not in the face. So, he didn't admit to anything. Well, he didn't deny it, either. Up is down, down is up. Join the club. You, too? My mother. First, she really, really wants a party. Then she doesn't want a party. So, uh, party's off? Hmm? Well, obviously, I wasn't gonna go, but your sister did kind of invite me. I'm gonna kill her. Mnh-mnh. She just wants to embarrass me. Eh, it felt like she was more trying to play the re-match-maker. Hey, Dan? What is that story? Okay, well... mommy's a gambler, sister's a klepto party girl, and daddy's a cheat. Family full of addicts. And that explains it. You became the fixer. I spent most of my childhood covering for Ronnie's misadventures. And then I got to a place where I had to parent my own kids, and Ronnie had to sink or swim on her own. Hey, speaking of your kids, how about Ray Jay working for Juliette? You mean doing volunteer work. Well, she called him her intern. And there's one more thing. She bought you clothes? She said if I was going to work for her, I'd have to dress the part. What's the big deal, Mom? The big deal is that you are supposed to be paying for your sins, and come to find out that Juliette is paying for your clothes. And your community service is supposed to be ending soon, and instead, you've taken a job with the Hawks and you didn't tell me. Fine. I'll take the clothes back. Would that make you happy? As a clam. Okay, but you can't make me quit my job there. Oh? So, where you from? Shh! You got a girl? Damn it, T.K.! What are you so stressed about, man? You already got one today. I ain't got none. Well, if you'd stop flapping your gums and actually concentrated on what you were doing, you might be a little more successful. Look, Rex, I'm trying. Try harder. How does one do that? For starters, you can stop holding your rifle like Rambo. You got to get in a proper crouch, like I showed you. Now put the butt of the rifle in the pocket of your shoulder. Looks like it's our lucky day. Now show me what you learned. I can't. What's wrong? I'm just looking at this turkey. He's chillin'. Like, what'd he do to me? You gonna be worrying about that when you're eating his cousin at Thanksgiving? It just feels like a waste. A waste? Man, after this, we're gonna clean him and cook him. It's living off the land. Well, I live off Manhattan, all right? Man, I thought you wanted to hunt. I just want to be on the same page. Man, we ain't even reading the same book. We're not even in the same library. Oh, I'm surprised you know what a library is. Screw you. Don't be a pussy. Shoot the turkey. No. Then give me the damn gun. Take the damn gun, you little backwoods ass... Son of a bitch! Yo, cowboy. How's the ankle doing? Besides the flesh wound from the bullet, just peachy. You reached for the rifle. You dropped the rifle. You should have put the safety on. Look, I'm just trying to make sure you're all right. Yeah, no thanks to you. Look, Rex, I want to win just as bad as you do. Really. All right, so you freezing me out because you don't like me is not good for the team. Is that really what you think is going on? That's what I know is going on. You wouldn't piss on me if I was on fire. Admit it. You're right. I don't like you. You're reckless, you don't listen, you can't shoot worth a damn, but that ain't the reason you're not getting the ball. Then why am I not getting the ball? You're not the player you used to be. I don't know if it's 'cause you got shot or rehab or what, but you lost a step. And the bottom line is, Toes Kittridge is just better than you. That is why I'm not throwing you the ball. Mm...I don't know. It doesn't make any sense. I mean, ma was all about that party. Yeah. She was good about the menu and the music and the costumes. It was that list. There was somebody on that list that she didn't want to see. Maybe someone insulted her. No. Mom's usually the insulter, not the insultee. Well, maybe someone lied to her or stole something from her. Or someone. We both know that dear, old dad wasn't always so dear to ma. Yeah. So? Where's that list? There. Ooh. There is probably somebody on this list that dad had an affair with. Let me see that. Mm-hmm. You know, you get more traffic here at night than a 7-Eleven. You said if I needed to talk... Felicia packed a bag, went to her sister's. Why? Said she'd rather be without me than be guessing what's going on. You could tell her. If it gets out, it could cost me my job, something I'm not proud of... That I can't involve my wife in. And I don't know who else to trust. Hey. Hey. Matt I want to tell you the truth. I appreciate you meeting me, Damani. When the Dark Knight calls, you got to answer, right? You've been playing a little rough on the field these past couple of weeks. Just playing to win. Hmm. Well, we'd like to make sure that that continues. What's this for? It's for playing to win last Sunday. I didn't know you were part of the program, Nico. That's because I'm not. But you're gonna tell me who is. Now, sure, the Hawks may have won last week's battle with Washington, but whether or not they can win the war this season remains to be seen. Everybody, including myself, thought that Terrence King's return would make the Hawks' offense go from good to great, but I got to tell you -- after last week's uninspired performance, I'm beginning to wonder. Only time will te-- Ma. Hi, sweetie. Three, four... Where are Lindsay and Ronnie? Went out to grab us a pizza. Yay. Hey, uh, how much dough do I owe you for all the supplies you bought for the party? Ma, you don't got to pay me back for anything. Well, I insist. Besides, I won the daily double. "Locomotion" in the third. Yeah. Well, I don't want your money, but I wouldn't mind an explanation. About what? There was someone on that list that you didn't want to see, right? Danielle, don't be silly. Silly is canceling a party for no reason. So just tell me who was on the list, and we won't invite them. Let me know when dinner's here, hmm? Mom. Dad had an affair with a woman on the list, right? Look, we both know who dad was, we know what he did, but he's gone now. You don't have to protect him anymore. Drop it, Danielle. I'd drop it if I knew what I was dropping. You want the truth? Yes, I do. Fine. I'll tell you the truth. It's not a woman on that list, okay? It's a man. Dad had an affair with a man? Oh. Oh, my God. What?! You?! With who? Ma! Eddie Marconi. Our next-door neighbor? Eddie Marconi that used to come over and give us chewing gum? Dani, please. Let me explain. What? I'm sorry. What? What would you like to explain? That you cheated on dad the same way that he cheated on you, the way that Ray cheated on me? Don't you judge me. We judged dad for years, making him the fall guy for everything that was wrong with this family. How could you? Takeout from Little Larry's! Who wants pepperoni? What's this? Coach's letter of resignation. How'd you get him to do this? He admitted to running a bounty program. And a player confirmed it for us. Concussions are worth $1,000, broken bones are worth $5,000, and it goes on. I thought the players were supposed to hurt each other. Not like this. If the league found out what was going on, it would destroy the season and probably the next couple of seasons. I'm talking fines, suspensions. It would be a disaster. Well, it's a good thing you put an end to it before they did. Yeah. Hey. Hello. You were kind of hard on ma. Yeah. All these years, she made it seem like dad was the devil and she was a saint. Yeah, a saint who was doing the nasty with a fuzzy friend named Eddie. Did not need that mental image, thank you. She made a mistake. Look, and you know what? Bottom line is... she may have loved Eddie. She stuck around because she loved us more. Wait. But she had us believe -- What we needed to believe to keep the family together. When did you become so forgiving? Well... when you're the one needing to be forgiven all the time, it kind of goes with the territory. Look, I don't know what gene pool you came from, but ma, dad, and me -- we were all, uh, three peas in a basket case. And I was always the odd man out. You were the odd one, all right -- in that "stay in school, get your PhD, make something of your life" kind of way. You know, it's hard for any of us to live up to you, you know? I don't mean to be all judgy Judy all the time. Look. Everyone makes mistakes, some of us more than others. You know, Ronnie, you really have grown up, and I'm sorry that, sometimes, I don't give you credit for that. Yeah. I'm still a klepto, but I always bring the stuff back. Hold on. Go ahead. Hello? Are you okay? Hey. What happened? You know, I tried to... blame Rex for everything, you know? Not throwing me the ball. But it's not his fault. It's my fault. I'm -- I'm just not... the T.K. I used to be. Says who? Rex. The press. You know, I know press is gonna say whatever they want to say, no matter what, so screw 'em, but, you know, my eyes and the tape... It doesn't lie. I'm not drinking because of what, you know, somebody said about me. I'm drinking because I know what they said is true... And I'm just not ready for second string, Doc. I don't know what to do about that. Okay. Well... I'm pretty sure that a bottle of vodka isn't gonna fix any of that. Yeah. I'm a failure. Terrence, no. You're human... and humans make mistakes. What you need now -- besides a really strong cup of coffee -- is a sponsor. You're late. I covered for you with Nico. I know. What's it gonna cost me? Thinking six figures. It's kind of a big deal with coach resigning. So, coach's resignation was just a setup. He knew about the bounty program. He also knew that he would take the fall unless he could prove he wasn't at the helm. Well, bravo, Inspector Gadget. Now I know why daddy kept you around all these years. What were you thinking? I was thinking, "take out the opposing team's best player, and we'd have a better shot at winning." Try to prove you could play with the big boys, right? We've been winning. You're gonna sell the team. For real this time. You can't make me do that. No, I can't, but the league can, and they will when I tell them what you've been up to. You would do that to me? I'm gonna protect you -- clean up this mess one last time -- then you're gonna pack up your toys and go home. Without the team, I have nothing. You have $1 billion. I hope you decide to do something with it that will make your father proud. Ma. Hey, ma? Can we talk? I think we've done plenty of talking. I'm going to my condo for the rest of the week. You loved Eddie, didn't you? And you sacrificed that for us. I did what I thought was best. What can I say? I made a mistake, and I was weak. No. It took strength for you to stay. Probably not as much strength as it took for you to kick Ray out of the house. What you did took guts, Dani -- guts I didn't have. I don't think that either one of us had it easy, Ma. Mm. But I do think that we are both pretty, pretty gutsy. Let's say... I make my awesome meatloaf for dinner tonight, and you stay here and eat it? Sounds like a party to me. ♪ Four long years ♪ and I don't know where I've been ♪ So, um, Juliette's agreed to sell. And the bounty system's dead and buried. We made sure about that. Thank you. "We"? Since when did the two of you get so chummy? Well, desperate times... So, listen, Pat, not many coaches in this league could have put up with the crap that you did the past 12 months. Yeah, well, talk is cheap. Well, this sure isn't. There's your five-year extension. Faxed it over to your agent this morning. You giving me this because I agreed to play your patsy? I'm giving you that 'cause you earned it. Congratulations. Dr. Dani. Hey, guys. Hey. Hey. How you feeling, Coach? I feel like I've been put through the ringer twice over. Well, I know someone else who might feel put through the ringer. Oh, yeah. My sweet girl. I hope she can forgive me. I've been a bat out of hell lately. Something tells me that she will. Could the both of you excuse me a minute? Mm-hmm. Of course. Santino comes through in the clutch again. All's well that ends well. Sometimes. ♪ Sometimes I feel like I'm just a lost kid ♪ ♪ stormin' through these towns What's with the duds, dude? I got to thinking, since you're actually my boss now, maybe it's not appropriate to accept these. Mm. Your mom said no. No. Yeah, she said no. That's just as well, seeing as I'm not going to be your boss anymore. What? Are you firing me? Did my mom tell you to do this? She did. No. Then why are you letting me go? I'm letting go of the Hawks. You're selling the team? Oh, come on. How's a girl supposed to have any fun with all these rules and regulations? Well, it was -- it was fun while it lasted. Just because our work relationship is over, it doesn't mean we have to be, butterscotch. Trust me. We can get into a lot more trouble away from the Hawks than we ever could if I stayed there. What kind of trouble? ♪ All my life ♪ all my life ♪ all my life ♪ I've been waiting for you That kind of trouble. == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 