Necessary Roughness: Season 2, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s2e16 - There's the Door - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 2, Episode 16 - There's the Door - full transcript 
 A secret surfaces and threatens to cause a scandal that could bring down the Hawks' entire season. Dani makes a decision regarding her feelings for Matt and Nico. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There are moments in sports history that transcend wins and losses, that are remembered not for a final score or a play on a highlight reel, but because they meant something more in the grand scheme of things -- moments that opened doors. And in our daily lives, we have our own defining moments that change the course of our own history. Sometimes, the door's there, and the question is... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do we have the courage to step through? There are no active gay football players, not one. Or in any major sport, for that matter, and I ain't about to be the first. I want to spend the rest of my days loving you. Just when I start to move on with my life... I can't go through it again. I want out. Of football? No. Of the closet. Anybody have anything to say? 'Cause now would be the time to do it, gentlemen. Well, what's there to say? We have a gay player. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His personal life is not our business. Yes, except that this player wants to make his personal life...public. Public how? He's already told his family, and now wants to take the next step -- he wants to tell the team. And the world. There's no way this could be contained. No way. Right. He realizes that. I don't know if you've been paying attention, but our offense has gone into meltdown the last few weeks, and we're trying to court a new owner. We've got a meeting with Mark Cuban. I think that the player should wait until after the season. All right? It's just another distraction, and, frankly, it's a matter of timing. Okay, well, I'm sorry if it's bad timing for the team, but this is happening, okay? The only question is, how are you gonna handle it? Are you authorized to give us the name of this player? I am. It's T.K., isn't it? Joke. Right? Yes. So, whatever we say here stays here between us, right? Red 100! Set, hut! Oh! Rex, come on, man! Ain't no chemistry, Toes. Like a science experiment that's supposed to go boom, and you just make it fizzle out. Hey, you know what -- why don't you make yourself useful? Grab some towels for the guys that are actually running body parts other than their mouths. Yo, Rex? Next time you pass it, throw me the rocket. I got longer arms. I'll catch that. You know what? I need to take five. Something I said? Let's go! Pick it up! Let's go! Dani. Oh. Hey. Um...Sorry about how I reacted the other night, losing my temper. I just, um... You, uh...caught me off guard with that one. No, no. You were right. I...totally sandbagged you, and that's unfair, so... Listen, I just wanted to tell you, um... I'm involved with someone. Oh. How involved? I don't know. Uh-huh. It's open! Hi. Hey. Caffeine. You are my savior. Mm. So, I'm trying to get ready for this Mark Cuban meeting. Help me decide what to wear. What do you think? The one on the left. It's more conservative business-like. Oh. Then this one. Listen, Butterscotch, after I unload the team, I'm gonna go away for a little while. Uh, where? Paris. I'm starting my own clothing line. Hooked up with a designer there. So, you're leaving leaving? Don't be sad. I'll only be gone for a few months. Probably. Here, button me. I'll miss you. I'll miss you, too. Although... I have a crazy idea. Do you have a passport? So, first gay pro-football player. Congratulations. Thank you, I guess. Now, I'm sure Mr. Careles has told you that my expertise is in crisis management and public relations. And I don't have to tell you -- this is one of the biggest sports stories of the decade, but if we handle it right, control the narrative, you'll come out on the other side in one piece, your career unaffected, a hero to many. Now, I don't want to be a hero, Mr. Purlman. I just want to get through this as painlessly as possible. So, Glenn What's our first step? Well, here's a potential timeline. In the next 72 hours, we do a-a friendly sit-down -- you know, Barbara Walters, Anderson Cooper. And right before the interview -- and I mean minutes before -- we hold a team meeting so the players don't get sandbagged. And if we've laid the groundwork right, the players, they'll have no choice but to publicly rally around you, Rex, or look like lousy teammates. There's gonna be some ugly things written, tweeted, blogged. I mean, no doubt, there's gonna be some yahoos coming out of the woodwork on this, all right? But it will pass. We just make our case, ride it out, and wait for people move on to the next shiny object. In the interim, we'll need to get you a driver, set up a security perimeter around your house, the practice facility... Is that really necessary? Well, it's just a precaution. You know, until all of the media attention dies down. Right, guys? We prepare for the worst and then hope to be pleasantly surprised. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, buckle your seatbelts and hang on to your hats, 'cause in the next 72 hours We're gonna make history. ♪ Baby, work your magic on me ♪ Necessary Roughness 2x16 ♪ There's the Door Original Air Date on February 20, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == Well... I know that that was a lot to take in. You sure that you want to move forward with this? Do you want talk to Jim? No, he's on board. We're doing this, Doc, come hell or high water. Okay. Then, you need to decide on a potential ally from the team, someone that you can talk to before all of this breaks, someone that you trust. I've got it narrowed down. Man, this was a great idea, you know? A little T-Rex time! Gah! 'Cause I was, you know, a little upset about how the first date ended -- with a bang. Not the kind I'm used to. Overcooked? Send it back. I'm not really that hungry. T.K., I actually brought you here to talk to you. How do I say this? Oh, my God! Rex Evans and Terrence King. I just told my girlfriends it was you guys, and they didn't believe me. I said, "that is sexy Rexy." That's for you, in case you ever get a little lonely. Guess she's not into wide receivers. Anyway, what were you saying? I'm gay. Hmm, and I'm white. T.K., I'm gay. I just hope you don't think that this is, like, a date date. No, I know that. Why are you laughing at me? You're not attracted to me? No, actually, I'm not. How? That's impossible. You've seen me naked. T.K., I have a boyfriend, who I love very much. Why are you telling me this...now? Because I'm tired of living in the closet. And because I'm coming out in the next few days -- publicly. To the press? Yes. Why would you do something so stupid? Look, Rex, I-I-I get it. You're a tough guy. I've seen you take hits in the pocket that are vicious, but this is like you going outside that looking for a beat-down. Look, you have always been straight with me. Now I'm asking you to support me in the locker room and in the press. Oh. You got some damn nerve. Doin' this whole macho-man act, making me go out there and shoot stuff, and being a colossal douche bag to me. Man, I just came out of rehab. And what sort of support did I get from you? You're absolutely right. I did not support you the way I should have, and I apologize for that. Oh, thank you. Appreciate that. But you have no clue what sort of struggle I went through with no support from my teammates. That's exactly why I'm comin' to you. I know you understand struggle. Part of the reason I've been such a douche bag is because I've been living this miserable lie. Pretending to be somebody I'm not. And I'm done with it. ♪ I know sorrow in mind Man, can you believe the gargantuan gall of this dude?! I mean, to ask for my support after the way he's treated me? He's barking up the wrong wide receiver! And when the locker room gets ahold of this, this dude is on his own, believe you me. And don't ask me who he is, either. Much as I don't like him, I'm not gonna give that up. Isn't there some way that you can support your teammate in his hour of need? Let me explain something to you. If I take a stand, then that puts me in the middle of controversy alley, which is worse than being in the middle of Kristie Alley. I need the support of my fans, talk radio, and the locker room. Now, I'm gonna keep my straight-and-narrow ass on the straight and narrow, and he can put his ass wherever he likes. All right, well, it's "Kirstie," not kristie. But that's neither here nor there. Sometimes doing the right thing ain't always the easy thing. I feel you. And he's gonna do what he got to do. And I respect his guts, I do. But I got my own battles to fight, Doc. Right, but so does he. And as you know, it's a lot easier fighting a battle when you are not fighting it alone. Mr. Cuban, you have acquired a sizable stake in the Hawks, which obviously leads us to wonder what your intentions are for the future. Hm. First of all, call me Mark. Second... I don't want to buy the Hawks anymore. Why not? They're a great team. I decided to get into baseball. So, then, what are your intentions? Six months ago, my friend Marshall, your daddy, came to me for a favor. He needed the cash. I agreed to buy the stadium and a few other accessories to the tune of $250 million. Well, Mark, as you know, no potential buyer's gonna touch this franchise unless those accessories are a part of the sale. That's not my problem. Like I said, I'm in for the $250 million. Well, then, let's cut to the chase, Mr. Cuban. How much do you want? I don't want to screw the Hawks. Marshall made some promises about a return on my investment. So... ...$500 million sounds fair. I'll be in town for the next three days. Y'all decide how you want to proceed. Gentlemen. Milady. Oh, and, um, Mr. Careles. Give me a call. Hey. Hey. I had someone cancel tonight. Dinner? Oh, ooh, maybe. You okay? Yeah, yeah, just work stuff. Ah, so something is going on, but you can't talk about it with a nosy reporter. Well, I -- I like what you and I have going here. Whatever it is. Look, given what you do and what I do, I think we should put up a fire wall. Ah. Don't ask, don't tell. For now. Is that cool? Now that we got that figured out, dinner? Can we play it by ear? Sorry. I really want to. I just have so much to do. Mm-hmm. That you can't talk about. Oh, man. No, I get it. Just don't give the scoop to someone else, or I'm coming after you, Donnally. I get hungry around 7:00. I'll call you by then. What are you doing? Nothing. If it's nothing, then why'd you slam your computer shut? Reflex. You startled me. This is your problem in life. You are a terrible liar! Hey! For your information, I have a great job offer in Europe for the next six months. A job? Doing what? Being a personal assistant for Juliette Pittman. Wait, are -- are you saying you're dropping out of high school? Does mom know about this?! Not yet. And I'm not dropping out of high school. I'm finishing my classes online. Ray Jay, that girl is bad news. Wait, are you two together? No. I don't know. Okay, look. It's a huge opportunity for me. I'm going. So, stop judging me and don't tell mom. I'm waiting till I get all the details worked out. Details for what? Um, résumé-building opportunities. Like what? Internships, second semester. Give me that computer. Wait, why? Open the computer and please go to...TMZ.com. Okay. Hurry. What does it say? "The Hawks are about to get their feathers ruffled "as one of their star players prepares to fly out of the closet"? Ohh. There's a gay player on the Hawks who's about to come out? Well, apparently, we have a leak. TMZ, The Enquirer, every tabloid's running with the "rumor." Right. How did this happen? Well, Rex did say he told another player. Yes, but I do not believe that that player would have gone to the press. Okay, look. I've scheduled an interview with Anderson Cooper 48 hours from now. We just got to keep this thing from blowing up until then, okay? In the meantime, anybody with connections to a reporter at Sportscom, that's apparently where this story first broke. Sportscom? Noelle Saris works there, no? You think I'm the leak? Well, unless she was snooping around while you were taking a leak. ♪ I'm ridin' ♪ you rollin, mama, come style with me ♪ ♪ I'm jammin' I'm telling you, this thing is a witch hunt. Better yet, a damn bitch hunt. Dude, if there was a horn blower on this team, psh, I'd know it. That's right, Toes. You're here, you're queer, and we're gettin' used to it. Right! Says the guy who carries around ballet slippers. My money's on Davenport. Kickers aren't right to start off with, you know? Why don't everybody just mind their own damn business? How about that? Well, I'd like to mind my own business, but, uh, someone keeps making it my business. Now, if you don't want me in your business, shoot, keep it to yourself. Ain't that right, Rex? That's right, Toes. Nobody needs to know. Just stay in the closet, whoever you are. If it gets dark in there, just turn on the light. Thank you very m-- Exactly. Why didn't you warn me the story was about to break? All right. Somebody in my organization got a tip, and, no, it wasn't me. You've made it clear. There's a fire wall between us. You wanted separation of church and state. Convenient to say, after the fact. After the fact? Matt, I say to you, "Is there a story?" You say "no comment." Can you give me a quote? "No comment." Then you're pissed off that I asked, and I'm pissed off that you're pissed off. I don't know what you want from me. I want you to stop digging. The first gay player in pro football, it's huge, Matt. Everyone's digging. Everyone isn't the woman I'm sleeping with. Ah. So, that's what our relationship is. Come on. We both knew that this situation could get messy, and it has. So, what are you saying? I don't want you to compromise yourself professionally for our relationship, but I can't play this game with you. You know what I think? I think you're looking for an excuse for this to fail because you're still in love with someone else. And I can't play that game with you. The guys on the team are talking about the rumors. They're asking me who I thought the fag was? Not once did it cross their minds it could be me. There is so much hate in that locker room, Doc. And this is gonna change my life forever. Okay, but for you and Jim, for the better. And if you're a great player, no one will care. Yes, until I have a bad game or two, and then the question will be "is the gay guy worth it?" Doc, I don't think Jimmy and I can make it through this. Hell, I don't know how anyone can make it through this. You have to call Glenn, tell him I want out. Rex. Rex! Now that it is out there, they will never stop digging, all right? You are gonna have to look over your shoulder every day for the rest of your life. Don't you want to take control? I am taking control. I'm hitting eject before this plane crashes. I'm sorry. Well, uh, it might be a little late to call an audible on this play. Dani, the story's out there. All right? It's not going anywhere. It's just a matter of time before they figure out who it is. Right. And I explained that and that maybe this is the last thing that he can control. But he just -- He just left here, and -- right. I know. Um, uh... Glenn? Glenn? May I call you back? Okay. Hey, mom. You seen my -- I most certainly have... Butterscotch. I was hoping you could fill me in on some gossip. You heard the rumors. Rest assured, it's been contained. There won't damage to the team or your sale prospects. Damage to the prospects? You're kidding. In New York? It's gonna be a marketing gold mine! Sit down, Nico. So, that's not what this is about? No. Can I be blunt? I'd prefer it. I need a man. See? You do have a sense of humor. Nico, I need somebody like you to come work for me. I'm flattered, but... I already have a job. Look, I know what you did for Marshall. I know everything that you did for Marshall. And I also know there aren't many other Nico Careleses out there. What's left for you here? Well, that sounds like something that is never gonna happen! Okay, Mom, I can finish my high-school coursework online, get all my college applications in on time, and then I can just defer. You can't defer acceptance until you've been accepted. Until you've graduated high school! What, you think you're gonna study from the top of the Eiffel Tower? Okay, I didn't want to do this. Mom, I just turned 18. I'm a man now. Um, oh! Hey, you might be man-aged, but you are miles from being a man, and Juliette Pittman is nothing more than a spoiled billionaire-ess brat who has never had to worry about her future, much less anything else. Do you think that she is worried about your future?! You don't know her like I do, Mom! Right. Okay. Well, I'm not gonna argue with you about this, because the answer is no, period, times three, exclamation point, fireworks! Whoo! And it's not up to you, period, exclamation point, okay? I'm an adult, and it's my decision. You know what? You're right. It's your life. But if you leave, Ray Jay, you are on your own. Fine. Fi-- we are not done talking! What is there left to say, Mom? You say no. I say yes. We're at an impasse. Or as the French would say impasse. What the hell?! Oh! Thanks for coming. You remember Xeno. Oh. Hey. Yeah, he's the pancake guy. Where are the kids? I sent them to their dad's. Are there still reporters out there? Counted 15, all camped out at the end of the driveway. Jesus. Xeno, shut off all the lights. I want it to look like there's no activity in the house. And give him your car keys. Why? He's gonna take your car for a little drive. Some of the press will follow on a wild goose chase to nowhere. They're right there -- keys. I don't understand. What do these guys think? They think I'm gonna give them a name? They know you're the therapist for the Hawks, so they know that you know secrets, figure they'll catch sight of a player or two. Okay, well, that's not gonna happen. And you know what? I'm not gonna be held hostage in my own house. Dani, wait. You know how that's gonna end. A video of you on the news going full Santino on those reporters out there. Is that what you really want? Stubborn fellows out there. Yeah. The irony is that... Rex changed his mind. So the only one being outed here is me. You know, Ray Jay is threatening to run off with Juliette to Paris. Well, do you want me to... No. No, you can't do anything. I can't do anything. No, he's just -- he's got to come to his senses on his own. Problem being that I don't think he has any sense right now. But Juliette can't leave until the situation with Mark Cuban is resolved, right? Well, it has been. He's agreed to sell back his stake in the Hawks, at a reasonable price. Oh. Wow. I -- that was a quick about-face. What's he getting out of it? Me. He's offered me a job... And an obscene amount of money... in Dallas. Wow. Dallas -- that's... So, are you gonna -- are you gonna take it? Considering. Not sure what's left for me here. ♪ Someday Oh. Xeno says they're gone -- the reporters. Uh, Nico. Yeah? The team...would miss you. ♪ These shadows will go down, down ♪ Not enough to stop me from going. ♪ Down the drain You can turn on the lights. ♪ These boots will hit the road and point dead ahead ♪ So, these boxes need to be shipped to the address that's on the sticky note. You can send them, I don't know, next-day air, and we'll pick them up when we arrive. We? What exactly are we? We are we. Juliette? This may be an everyday occurrence to you, but leaving my family, putting college on hold is kind of a big deal. I need to know what I am to you. You are my assistant, who I happen to like... a lot. I'm putting my life on hold. To walk along the Seine and eat crepes in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower. Sounds like a pretty good trade, if you ask me. Still doesn't answer my question. Does this? Just minutes from kickoff, and the question of the day is, which is more daunting to the Hawks -- the Washington defense or the swirl of off-the-field controversy? Paparazzi was at your house? Oh, Jesus. God, you should have called me. Should I have? Anyway, he's decided not to do the interview. No, no, no, he's got to do the interview. Doesn't have to do anything. It's his life. I understand, but people know now -- a lot of people know. It's only a matter of time. All right. Well, the only thing we can hope for is a good game. No, he needs a great game. Dan... Yeah? I'm not as involved as I thought. That's...good to know. And we're under way at the Empire Dome as the Hawks face off against the Washington Wolves. It'll be interesting to see how the Hawks fare after the media firestorm that surrounded the team this past week. Come out, come out, wherever you are. Now, both of y'all are some punks, but which one is the faggot? You better shut your mouth, Cawsert. We got bets in the locker room. I got you, T.K. My boy bill here got your girlfriend, Twinkletoes. Girlfriend? Girlfriend?! I've got my eye on you, Twinkletoes. Hey, hey. Get your head in the game. Set, hut! Hawks looking for a quick first down. And Evans throws the ball to no one. They look completely out of sync. Set, hut! Fumble! And another Hawk turnover. ♪ Outside of me ♪ and I hate the world and everything I see ♪ ♪ everything I see ♪ Everything I see Red 100! ♪ And I'll never get the devil ♪ outside of me Set, hut! ♪ Outside of me Evans drops back. He sends it deep. Oh, and Kittridge can't hang on. Nothing is going right for the Hawks. This has been a disastrous first half. And Evans rightfully showing his frustration as he heads into the locker room. That was a Goddamn embarrassment out there. Anybody here want to get to the playoffs? Well, stop focusing on the stands or Twitter or smack talk or whatever the hell else is giving you attention deficit out there! Hey, Coach, if it's all right with you, I think, uh, I think we just need a few minutes amongst ourselves. Fine! You got five. Listen up, fellas. Now, everybody in here knows what the problem is. We just don't know who the problem is. And I got a few guesses. I'm gonna tell you like this, man. If that person is you, I just got one word for you, man -- go. Now is your chance to do the right thing for this team. Speak up. Come on, man. Yo. Okay. It's me. I'm gay. With Reggie here. What? These are the facts. Anybody on this team got a problem with that, they can blow me, starting with your ass, Toes. Starting with me? Starting with you. Shut your -- shut your asses up! You a damn disgrace, boy! I'm a disgrace? You're a disgrace! Okay, no, the only disgraceful people in this room are the ones spitting that hateful garbage! Now, most of us come from nothing. And I get it -- we're fighters, okay? That's why we're here right now. And we've earned the right to do one thing, and that is live our truth. Yeah. My truth? I'm an addict. What's your truth, Reggie? I can't swim. Now, we got guys in this room who've crashed cars, who've waved guns at people, and done just about every stupid thing a guy can do in a short life. But when we get on that field, we're a team... Yeah. Mm-hmm. ...which means if you work your ass off and you play hard, we got your back! If you do whatever it takes to win, we will stand beside you! You leave your heart and your guts on that field, we will not let you down... ...which is why we continue to support you, Toes, even though you are six kinds an asshole. I got you an asshole -- It's true! Everything the man said is absolutely true, except for one thing. It ain't him. It's me. That's right, boys, your quarterback. Sexy Rexy -- the one that's been throwing you the ball all year. I'm gay. Does anybody have a problem with that? All right, gentlemen, time to shine! Time to shine. What the hell? Who died? Our season just did, man. Do we have a problem here? No. No. Well, then come on! Get your asses out there! Let's play some ball, baby! Come on! Hey. Hey. I just came out to the locker room. And? Hope my career didn't just die in there. We can't wait for an interview with Anderson Cooper. We need a press conference right after the game. All right, but can I ask you what changed your mind? Terrence King. What was that about? Our timeline just went out the window. Starting the third down by 15, Evans is gonna have to fight to get his team back in this game. First down -- Hawks. Red 100! Set, hut! Evans drops back in the pocket, looking to pass. Terrence King, wide-open downfield! Oh, touchdown! Touchdown, Hawks! The Hawks have fought back, but time is ticking down with only 22 seconds left in the game. Hut! Whoo! We're playing your boyfriend, Toes! Incomplete pass. 12 seconds to go, and a field goal won't do it. All right, boys, we got two plays, max. End zone or sideline -- don't you be caught dead nowhere else. Twins, left, 6, 8, 7. Anaconda push on one. On one! Ready! Rex...Listen, you throw that ball anywhere near me... I'll catch it. Red 100! Red 100! Set, hut! ♪ Hey, little one, sipping that bottle of middleton ♪ ♪ bring it over here ♪ come with me ♪ there's just something that you got to see ♪ ♪ it's over here ♪ I'll take you to places so far up and away ♪ ♪ to paradise and beyond, okay? ♪ ♪ I'll take you to places so far up and away ♪ ♪ to paradise and beyond, okay? ♪ ♪ and I'm loaded, baby, and coming again ♪ Touchdown! Hawks win! Hawks win! What an unbelievable catch by Terrence King! What a comeback! Let there be no mistake here tonight, folks -- Terrence King is officially back. Whoo! Yeah, baby! We did it, man! No. You did it. ♪ That gives me ample time to tie one on with my boys ♪ How about this guy, huh? Yo, yo, where you going? Come here. Yo! This is my quarterback! Terrence, what the hell are you doing? In about 15 minutes, you're gonna be the most famous guy in all of football... And I'm gonna be the guy who's standing next to you in all the pictures. ♪ Yeah ♪ and I'm loaded, baby, and gunning for you ♪ Excuse me. That was amazing! Yes, it was. You're incredible. Dinner tonight? Just the two of us? Yes. ♪ Make sure when you're gone It's Nico Careles, Mr. Cuban. Mark, right. I'm in. ♪ 'Cause every time I come runnin' back home to you ♪ ♪ Wait for the lull ♪ break through the fall Ladies and gentlemen of the press... There comes a moment in a person's life where... They have to make a decision for themselves, going forward, in how they want to live. I've spent most of my life hiding who I am...who I love. I've wasted a lot of time being afraid. Well, I'm not afraid anymore. I am a professional football player... And I'm gay. Do you think you'll encourage other professional athletes to come out? I won't speak for anyone else, but I hope that we all could have the courage to live our truth. He packed his bags, Mom. He's leaving tonight. Ray Jay, what's going on? I've made my decision, and I'm going. No, you can't just take off. Mom, Juliette has a private jet, and she wants to get out of town tonight, okay? I don't have a choice. Yes, you do. Okay, honey, honey... I've been where you are. Head over heels, heat of the moment, but you cannot just throw away your life in a snap second because of a girl, okay? So just put that down. Let's take a beat, we'll talk. There's nothing to talk about, okay? Dad already tried. I made up my mind. I'm going. Ray Jay, I love you. You know I love you, but I don't support this. I cannot support this! You are making a huge mistake. It's my mistake to make. Love you, Lindz. Ray. Love you, Mom. If you walk out that door... you're on your own. I know. With Rex Evans' courageous disclosure today, everyone's wondering how it will affect the New York Hawks and their run for the championship. But what we do know, in sports history, this will be a defining moment. Back to you guys in the studio. No. No, I don't think it will affect the locker room at all. In fact, it might -- I think it might be a great thing for this team. Mr. Careles? Going somewhere? As a matter of fact, I am. Not just yet. We have something we need to discuss with you. You'll need to come with us. == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 