Necessary Roughness: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s2e4 - Slumpbuster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 2, Episode 4 - Slumpbuster - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Two outs. Ninth inning.  Winning run 90 feet away here in New York's final spring training game. It's all up to Edmund Gonzalez, who, so far this spring, hasn't been able to hit the broad side of a barn... with the broad side of a barn. The slump -- every athlete's worst nightmare. We all know what it's like when things don't go your way in life. You find yourself mired in a funk, a rut, a dip. And no matter what you call it... Here comes the 3-2 pitch. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...It's just no fun. The question is... Out! ...once you're in a slump... how the heck do you bust out of it? Mmm, good morning. It's about to get better. Wait. We have to talk about the kid thing. Well, it's a little late for that, don't you think? You're preggers... With trainer guy? How could you be so irresponsible? I... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stay low. Sit down. Good, good. That's it, "T." Come on now. Test your leg. Quick feet, quick feet. That's it. Get up. Go. Push off. Push, "T"! Come on, finish! Come on, finish, finish! All right, don't tell me if it's not good. 16.84. I told you not to tell me, dude. Hey, don't beat yourself up. That's my job. I don't get it. I'm stretching. I'm working out. I'm taking my meds. I -- why does everything hurt? 'Cause you're on the mend, man. You've been hurt before. You know how this goes. It takes time. I need some days off. I'm out of here, man. No, "T," if you stop now, you lose all your momentum. And we just got to start all over again. Hey, listen, I got a woman who can help you. A woman? Yeah, her name is Simone, and even for you, this will be like an experience you've never had before. She will make your pain go away. All right? d Don't blame me d don't blame me d don't blame me d I am complex Fabulous, Gonzo. We're gonna reload and go again. Great work, guys. d don't blame me Santino? Dr. Santino, yes. Hi. Gonzo... Obviously. Thanks for coming. Ah, wait, why don't we get the lady something to drink? Orange juice, coconut water, seaweed shake? No seaweed for me, but thank you, Edmund. Gonzo. Uh, Gonzo, typically, clients come to my office for their first session, but, uh, you said that it was urgent? Yeah, it is. Look, I have a batting title, two MVPs, a cover of Vanity Fair. The season starts in three days, and in the past month, I'm hitting under a buck, okay? It's my worst slump ever. Okay, so you want help with your slump. I want help with my slumpbuster. I can't get mine to work. I'm sorry. What's a slumpbuster? All right, look, a player's slumping, he goes out, finds the biggest girl possible, and he lays wood to her. Got it. It's not a carpentry term. Works every time, okay? It's like bam, and you get the boom back in your bat. Okay. So you're in a slump with your slumpbuster? Exactly. Gonzo, we're ready. All right, look, if you want to discuss this further, you need to schedule an appointment. I don't know -- 3:00 p.m., tomorrow, my office. Great. Okay, we will be there. We'll be there? Me and Denise... my slumpbuster. Oh! All right. He slapped me... on my rumpus maximus. Well, I'm gonna kick his rumpus maximus. Who is it? I appreciate the chivalry, but client confidentially -- ever heard of it? Oh. Speaking of challenging clients, what about T.K.? Eh, hit a wall. Yeah, you and me both. Last two sessions, I've been trying to get him to talk about the shooting, and he will not go there. Well, I think I got a woman that can help him. A woman? What, has my boyfriend become a pimp? She's very -- How could I?! You've done that yourself, and so expertly. This time, you're gonna pay. For what?! Hey, hey, what's going on? The Pittmans are having a...disagreement. Pittmans as in they're both in there? ...trading draft picks for a horse and selling shares at half their price? You are lowering the value of this team because you want to buy me out at a discount. This is my team! I do with it as I please! "Cease and desist" my ass. I own half this team, Marshall! You defy that court order you're holding, and I will take you down! d Baby, work your magic on me Trades, cuts, off-the-field financial decisions. You can't do anything without Gabrielle's approval. Scotch would never taste so good if it were any other color. Hmm. Do you know what my fellow team owners hate more than anything? When the womenfolk poke their noses into football. You know what they hate even more? When the courts poke their noses into football. You've been waiting for this, haven't you? Amazed it took her this long to bite down on the bait. All right, can somebody catch me up here? Simple divorce. The league doesn't want to get their hands dirty, but involving the courts... She just gave my fellow owners a reason to rise up against her and crush her with their collective thumbs. Devin, call a league hearing soon as possible about the ownership status of the Hawks. d Yeah d haters out pimping... d You heard me? d Recognize I think you got the wrong door 'cause I didn't order any kung pao chicken. Okay, you're gonna have to speak... a little slower and in a different language. Oh, hell no. Are y-- you're Simone?! No, no, no, no. When Matty "D" said "Simone," I thought he meant Simone, not... Oh, hell no! Okay, listen if we're gonna do this, we got to put some ground rules down, right? If I'm gonna get a rubdown, it's gonna be au naturel. T.K. don't do sumo Santa, okay? You're nasty. Oh, no, whoa! No. Okay? That's off limits. Um, no touchy-touchy. No fly zone. Comprende? Of course you don't capiche or comprende. We don't speak the same language. This ain't gonna work out. I don't understand what you s... oh, my goodness. That is a touch that has been honed by communism, girl. You do what you do! Oh! A slumpbuster. Well, it's not on my business card or anything, but, uh, hey, if the thong fits. Um, and can you describe to me the nature of your relationship? It's primarily sexual in nature. I may not look like it, but I'm as limber as a cheetah. And how did you two meet? Uh, I came out of Jenny Craig one evening, and there he was, standing across the street. Yeah. That was '08. That was after the Baltimore series. I went hitless in a doubleheader. Look, can we just cut to the chase here? Gonzo, here in my office, we play by certain rules, such as no interrupting, no spitting, and no slapping anybody on the backside. It's a sign of affection. Please continue, Denise. Anyway, uh, after our first trip around the horn, Gonzo's on-base percentage shot up to .780. We swept Detroit and never looked back. So, then, what seems to be the problem? She stopped taking my booty calls. 'Cause I'm done. I'm done, Gonzo. I don't understand. I-I thought that we had something special. We do. It's just... I told you. I've got a boyfriend now. Chuck. Chuck! Is Chuck a five-tool player with a cannon for an arm? He runs a pet store. Yeah, exactly! You know, y-you said you loved the team. Well, you must love me fanning with runners in scoring position, too. You got to wait for your pitch. No! No, you got to Chuck the Chuck! Doc, would you stop sitting there? Talk to her. Gonzo, Denise is telling you that she has a boyfriend now and that the relationship isn't working for her. This is why I came, Dr. Santino. I figured maybe Gonzo would finally hear me. Doesn't anyone here care about what I want?! Huh?! What about me?! What do you mean T.K.'s not getting his bonus check? Gabrielle Pittman is playing team owner now. Since she didn't okay T.K.'s roster bonus, she had the bank freeze the money. Check was cold as ice. Christ. You know what Pittman did when I confronted him? He handed me a roll of quarters, said it was a down payment. Well, at least you can feed the meter now. Let's see how funny you think it is when you lose your future Hall-of-Fame receiver. Rob. Rob, look, I'm on your side, man. Whoa. This thing with the Pittmans is a ridiculous distraction, and you and I both know it's in T.K.'s best interest just to let him focus on his rehab, okay? The money will work itself out. Oh, ple-- if 700,000 rolls of quarters doesn't show up in a dump truck within 48 hours, Terrence King and I will pursue all available options. Boom! d I wanted to try it 'cause I want to know why d Whoo! Nice! Yeah, not bad for an old man. Yeah. Hey, have you seen my mom? She was gonna give me some, uh, training DVDs 'cause I got a project for film class. Well, I can help you with that. I know a couple of people around here. So, look, on offense, the whole goal is to create space, right? So I want to get you to launch forward so I go around you or to back up so I get my shot. Right, right. Yeah, yeah. That make sense? All right. You're up. You got to make me make a decision. There you go. Nice, Ray Jay! Good. I like it. Nice. That was great. Stay a little lower. Ray. Look at the two of you making the baskets. Oh, uh, Matt said he'd help me with the videos... so no worries. I got to split. I got to meet Livvy for lunch. Yeah, man, great job. All right, bro. Mom. Really? "Bro"? That's what guys call each other. Not my son guy and my secret-boyfriend guy. Okay, what's up with you? Oh... I had this...dream about us last night. I have lots of dreams about us. I don't think that yours is quite like mine. I was... pregnant, like... Oh. Yeah, the kids talk. That's been the elephant in the room. Oh, hold on just a sec. It's from Marshall Pittman. I always thought the whole "lying down on a couch" thing was a sad clich?, but I'm gonna go with it. Well, it won't take us very far, seeing as you're not my patient. Where's your sense of adventure, Doc? Humor me. I need some expert advice from someone on my payroll. Well... it's your money. Exactly... which is why I need you to do something for me. Dr. Santino, I need you to testify to the league... that Gabrielle Pittman is legally insane. I've called a competency hearing in front of the League. And you want me... to declare Gabrielle... mentally incompetent. The woman should not be running a billion-dollar football operation. Why don't you sit up so that we can talk like normal people? I am flattered you think of me as normal. Oh, it's a relative term. Let me entertain you about Gabby. Exhibit "A" -- six months ago, little miss sunshine decided to deal with her depression by having a Vicodin nightcap after a '78 Montrachet. Apparently, it was an excellent year for an overdose. Exhibit "B" -- she tried to stab me with a letter opener. So, what's your diagnosis, hmm? Manic depressive, bipolar. Is there such a thing as tripolar? Feel free to break some new therapeutic ground here. Okay, Gabrielle is not my patient and, might I repeat, neither are you. Doesn't really matter what emotional malfunction you give her. It's all just window dressing to me winning. Even if she comes into battle with me with her biggest guns, mine are bigger. Know what they say about the green ones, don't you? Horny-licious. Marshall -- Green, green. Marshall... What feels like winning sometimes is a loss at the end...for everyone. Santino, wake up! If Gabrielle gets her way, there may be no team or job for you. So what do you say, huh? Scratch my back, and I will talk to the I.R.S. and scratch that little tax problem of yours off the books. Hmm? Do you spy on all your employees? I like to know a little something about everyone. Then you should know that I can't be bought. Hmm. You got moxie, Santino. Too bad I hate moxie. Moxie does not make Marshall a happy man. I should've tattooed that! Okay, hold on just a sec. Okay, on this next pitch, I want you to try something. I want you to imagine that the baseball is a beach ball. What? Are you making this up? You're free-balling this, huh? I am not free-balling it. It is an established therapeutic technique called visualization. I-I want you to see the ball as something easy to hit. You have given all of your power to Denise. I am trying to help you take it back. Don't you understand that she has all of the power? She needs to give it to me! Okay, when she opens up her legs, it's like a rainbow that comes out of there. It's...a magical hitting rainbow, and I need it. Okay, got it. Oh, my God, I know what I need to do. I know what I need to do! I got to send Denise an order of ribs. She'll do anything for ribs. You get her within a mile of some baby-backs, she'll do anything. Gonzo! No! What? Okay, look, every therapist has a different approach and a different style. Uh, I'm thinking that maybe my approach isn't the best one for you. Are you breaking up with me? No, I'm referring you... to another therapist. d You've got a problem, I've got... d I've never fired a client before. You didn't fire him. You referred him. He was acting like a child. He deserved it. Yeah. You hear that? Hmm? The elephant in the room. Oh! Listen... ...Lindsay and Ray Jay are teenagers now, and I have this new demanding job. I got a pile of debt, and I feel like... the...kid door has closed for me. Well, I'm not gonna lie to you. The idea of playing basketball with my kid is great. I want that. Of course I want that... someday. Do we have to figure out our whole lives right now? Can't we just move forward, see what happens, see if we even get to that? Yeah. But moving forward... means telling Lindsay and Ray Jay about us. Okay. They're gonna fall in love with you... 'cause how could they not? And that's a bad thing? After what happened with their dad... ...I don't ever want to break their hearts again. How am I supposed to focus on healing when they keep messing with me? I mean, t-they want me running and jumping on command like a damn garanimal. Now they take my $7 million from me? Hey, you better believe I went in there. I gave sir Pittman hell. You're the only one who understands me. I appreciate that, "T." I was talking about Simone! Really? Y-you're hitting with madame rub 'n' tug? Hey, give that back. Hey! What the hell? You... Damn, girl! You are gangster! Whoa! Whoa, what are you doing? She's obsessed with my spot. Your spot? My shot spot. After she 86'd my agent, she was right back at it with little paws of steel. So, you don't like Simone? No, she's cool. I like her. She's... It's just, you know, I-I got a lot of noise in my head. I just don't understand why she can't just do her magic and let me be. Oh. Does that go for me, as well? You know, we haven't talked at all about what happened... the night of the shooting... other than angels and trash bags. It seems like you want me to stay away from the spot. I don't understand why everybody wants me to go there, Doc. Because, Terrence, if you don't go there... then you're gonna be stuck here. So San Diego scored three third-period goals to take New Orleans 5-2. Mom, what are you looking at? Just looking at my babies... all grown up suddenly. Where are you going with this, Mom? Probably nowhere. Oh, no! Check this out. ...an opening-day loss with an arrest for -- I can't believe I'm saying this -- soliciting plus-sized women outside a Jenny Craig. That dude is whacked! He needs help. Really? You had to text me to come outside? I need to see you in my office. Patient, therapist. Everything between is confidential. Always. At the hearing, I'm gonna call her "Mrs. Pittman" Just to piss her off. Or how about -- how about -- how about -- how about "Lady Pittman"? "Lady Pittman, please pick up the white courtesy phone." "Lady Pittman, how many athletes have you bagged?" Oh, my God. Who's he talking to? He's talking to... himself. Oh. Has he had episodes like this in the past? Drinking, anger, paranoia. Episodes that required hospitalization? I think this league hearing is just gonna put him into free fall. He needs to be evaluated. He might need medication. Can you help him? No. He's my boss. I can't treat him. But I can talk to him, refer him. Persuade him... to see someone. The best thing that could happen for Marshall right now would be if this hearing would just...go away. Looks like you have a visitor. Hmm? Oh. Hey, Doc, you got five minutes? Just, uh... just five. You told me I should find a substitute for my slumpbuster. I did not mean another slumpbuster. Well, you should've been more clear. Gonzo, I was very clear in our last session that you would be better off with a different therapist. Look, I -- look how good I'm behaving. I've got no chaw, no seeds. I even put on underwear. I don't want another therapist, okay? I like you. Gonzo, tell me something. This woman that you propositioned at Jenny Craig... what did she say after you asked her to go home with you? She called the cops. No. Before she called the police, what did she say? I don't know. I... According to the newspapers, she told you "no" four times. What, you believe everything you read? No, I believe what I see. Denise also told you "no" numerous times, but that didn't matter. I told you "no," and yet here you are. This self-entitlement, the extreme preoccupation with yourself, the lack of empathy for other people -- their feelings, their opinions. Gonzo, I think that you -- you're -- A narcissist? Come on. That's the best you've got? Like, no kidding! A lot of people have narcissistic tendencies. I think... that you have narcissistic personality disorder. They're two very different things. One thing you deal with, and the other, you treat. NPD is not uncommon with public figures, but it does affect people's ability to have normal relationships. Look, there's nothing wrong with me, okay? I've got plenty of relationships. Why don't you just ask my girlfriends? Gonzo, you've already taken the first step...to heal. You reached out for help. But now comes the hard part. You have to admit that you have a problem. I do -- you! Okay? Because you're not helping me get my slumpbuster back. It's my referrals. I need you to pull the cease and desist. All business and no foreplay. Times really have changed. Why? Marshall's having one of his episodes. He's on the edge. I need this league hearing to go away. The bastard is faking it. You and I both know what he's capable of. I'm afraid he's not capable of very much right now. Well, I hope he breaks down right in front of all of his cronies at the league. Let them see the nightmare I've endured for the past two decades. Is that what you really want? I want what I deserve. Gabby... I'm asking you as a friend not to do this. As a friend? You broke my heart. And you broke mine. Well, I guess we're even, then. I still don't get why she'd invite everybody but me. I mean, what did I ever do to her? Oh, hey, uh, I got to go. Hi. Everything okay? I'm locked out, and my mom's not home. Well, fortunately, I have a bit of experience with breaking and entering. All right, we've got to throw this latch up here, so you have to slide this up between the window frames. You got it? And you are officially a juvenile delinquent. Congratulations. Thanks, Matt. Sure. It's none of my business here, but... earlier, on the phone, you okay? Yeah, yeah. It's just stupid stuff. Sometimes I just really hate kids. I don't know if it helps, but...it gets better. Hey, Matt. You're good at this -- breaking and entering. My parents are proud. Thanks for meeting me, Dr. Santino. I didn't know who else to talk to. This thing with Gonzo -- out of control. Has he contacted you again? No. I'm talking about his slump. He went 0-fer last night. He saw 12 pitches, swung, and missed all of them. Dr. Santino... you have to be his new slumpbuster. Oh, I don't mean like that. I-I mean just take Gonzo back. He's just so... alone. How do you mean? Parents divorced when he was young, hardly talks to anyone in his family -- they only ever call when they need something. And he's got all these girls around him, but they're all too self-absorbed and shallow to appreciate Gonzo for who he really is. And you do? It wasn't just about busting slumps with Gonzo. We had fun, too. Sometimes we'd watch movies, order Chinese food. He even had this thing we did in bed where -- Boo! Doo-doo. I don't need to know the details. I'm talking about the word jumble, like in the newspaper. Ah. Loser had to make breakfast. Sometimes it felt like we were a real couple, you know? So he was nice to you? You think I would've stuck around if he wasn't? This is what I need. You know just what to do, Simmy. Hey, whoa, whoa! What are you doing?! We talked about this. This is the no touchy-touchy spot, all right? Look, I don't know what the hell you just said, but that ain't happening. Okay, if you go here, you have to go. Where you goin'? What? You're gonna take my Santa pants? I need you to do something for me. That doctor in Rome -- took care of Gabrielle's exhaustion? I want his files. Don't act like a virgin in a whorehouse. You've done far worse. That file will help me wipe the floor with Gabrielle tomorrow. Marshall, do you remember Berlin? What about it? I'm seeing similarities. It's called speed chess. Move. Move! You've been talking to yourself. And you've been wiretapping me, it seems. Out of concern. Oh, the clouds part, and the end game becomes clear. So, what? You and Gabrielle run off together? Live happily ever after and stick me in the funny farm? Is that it? You need to get some help, Marshall. No, what I need is for you to get your traitorous ass out of my office. You're fired, Nico. Get out of here! You said that you were gonna talk to the Pittmans about my bonus! To hell with the Pittmans. "T," take a deep breath and relax. Oh, how about I take $7 million out of your account and then you relax?! Here's my plan. Tomorrow, we're gonna call a press conference, and we're gonna tell the whole world that number 88 is a free agent. Number 88 has a Hawks tattoo on his ass. I belong here! You know, I'm just... stuck. No, I'm telling you, you're not stuck. One phone call, I'll have you playing for Philly. No. I'm stuck. I can't move my body. My back -- it seized up. I need you to get my phone. Marshall. What -- I'm glad you're here. And I... am incredibly hungry. Ahh! Barbecue. Marshall, what's going on here? Can't sleep. Well, that's typically associated with some kind of underlying anxiety. Can I have this? No. Okay, listen, Marshall, it's my professional opinion that you should postpone the hearing tomorrow. You need some rest and possibly some medication. Everything is gonna be right as rain once I kick Gabby to the curb... and run her over with the car. Okay, you're tired, and you're angry. Did you know... Gabrielle was involved with Nico first before she met me? She would've run off with the guy anywhere, but he didn't have the guts. Bet you didn't know that, kiddo. Hmm? That's when I swooped in... with everything she could ever want. So I thought. He earned her. I bought her. Doesn't matter. After tomorrow, I will be through with both of them. I fired Nico! What? Mm-hmm. If he disappears on you, don't take it personally. He's not big on goodbyes. One for the road. Don't worry, I'm not driving. Marshall, wait! Please, Marshall. Sometimes a stressful situation like a divorce will push someone to the brink, and one thing that I have learned from experience is that there is a thin line between love and hate. And riding that tightrope can make the sanest of us feel a little crazy, but there is no shame in needing help. Thanks for the chicken. d Knowing all the things that I want d d being all the things that I can d d tried breaking out of this slump d d tried faking that I'm tough d folding any page of your life d d folding till the end of the light d d tried keeping all that I am d Marshall, I got your phone call. You all right? Right as rain. What does that mean, anyway? Right as rain. It... Uh, why am I here? You saw the whole chess match. I thought you might like to see how the game ends. All right, if everyone is ready... let's proceed. Two co-owners, two countercharges of competency in regard to the best interests of the team. Gabrielle, we'll begin with your testimony. Thank you. One thing that Marshall and I actually agree on is that he is famous -- I suppose it's more accurate to say infamous -- for his erratic behavior. But today, I will prove that his actions as owner, in their tarnishing of the team's reputation and, quite honestly, the league's, border on the insane, not to mention possibly criminal. She's right. And if I may continue -- There's no need. You started this. Yes, and I'd like to end it. What is your game? I love you. Oh, God. Marshall, we can call a brief recess if you need some time to compose yourself. All I need... is my wife back! I need you, Gabby. Everything that's happened, I just... I just... I don't want to get divorced! Can we try again? I wa-- Marshall... Marshall, listen to me. I'm sorry. It's over. This... is the end of the game. Wow! I did refer him to an excellent psychiatrist, so, hopefully, he'll be getting the help and the rest that he needs. Whew! Man. I know. Will you just say something funny? I want to smile. Well, I don't know if this is funny, but I, um, accidentally helped your daughter break into your house yesterday. Say what, now? I was dropping off those DVDs for Ray Jay. She was locked out. We bonded. Matt. And... I realized that I do want a family... but with you, in any form that takes. Are you sure? Yeah. Your kids are amazing, and if I could be a part of that, I'd be a lucky guy. Man, it's hard to believe that at the center of all that... chaos is just a guy in love. A guy in love. d You can put a stick in my spoke d Hey, can we talk for a sec? I can't right now. I'm too preoccupied with myself. Gonzo, I think I know what's causing your slump. You're in love with Denise. Just... hear me out. Most people with narcissistic personality disorder -- they can't express their feelings because they don't know how. They're always the ones getting the love. Like you. But you never learned to give it, and that's why I think... at the center of all this chaos... d They can tie me up ...is a broken heart. d Call me a clown, but I ain't d Yeah. I lost her, didn't I? I lost love. That doesn't mean that you can't have it again... with someone else. It's just gonna take some work for you to get there. Yeah, you mean therapy? Yeah. With you? As long as you don't go try slapping my backstop again. d You can make me turn my back on my friends d d And send me away to San Quentin d You need a ride somewhere? It has been recommended... that I take a mental-health sabbatical. In case you've forgotten, uh, I don't work for you anymore. Yeah, overzealous G.M. made that decision. Team owner's overruling it. Mm. You had my back. Always did. I made some bad decisions. We're both human. Say it isn't so. Take care of my team. I'll be in touch. Copy that. d But I ain't gonna lose you d no, I ain't gonna lose you d I can't stand... Come on. d ...the thought of another man d d no, I ain't gonna lose you d no, I ain't gonna lose, ain't gonna lose d d ain't gonna lose d ain't gonna lose d ain't gonna lose d Ain't gonna lose I was shot. d And I'll sing it from my rooftop d d sing it from the bus stop 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 