Necessary Roughness: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s3e1 - Ch-Ch-Changes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 1 - Ch-Ch-Changes - full transcript 
 Dani's world is turned upside down by new management at the Hawks, the return of Nico and an enticing offer from a powerful businessman. Also, TK deals with a difficult new head coach. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Necessary Roughness... Nico, I need somebody like you to come work for me. Mark Cuban offered me a job... In Dallas. Are you gonna take it? Not sure what's left for me here. I think you're looking for an excuse for this to fail because you're still in love with someone else. Dinner tonight? Just the two of us? Yes. It's Nico Careles, Mr. Cuban. I'm in. You'll need to come with us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Division champs. Conference champs. You know what that says to me? We almost won. Gentlemen... Nobody remembers second place. From now on, we celebrate a championship, or we don't celebrate. Is that clear? Yes, coach! Is that clear?! Yes, coach! This guy's about as much fun as a hemorrhoid. Yeah, he's gonna be living up our asses. New ownership felt like Coach Purnell had taken this team as far as he could. Tom Wizinski has 10 playoff runs, 4 championship rings. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay, so, what? He just packed up and left? Well, they gave him a nice buyout. He'll land somewhere. You don't seem particularly upset. Trades, hirings, and firings -- the only constant in football, Dani, is change. You were all asked to bring an item that represented last season. Has everyone brought something and put it in the bin? Yes, coach! Good. Henry, do the honors. Last year...is history. Those gloves helped me catch 300 passes in the last 3 seasons! And yet they never snagged you a ring, now, did they, Mr. King? Last year is a bad dream that just went up in smoke. This is a new team. The future is all about winning. All right, stretch them out. Come on, boys! Hustle up! Get out there! Coach Wizinski, I'd like for you to meet Dr. Dani Santino. Hey. Uh, let me have those reports, Jimmy. So, team therapist, huh? They, uh -- they come to you when they have mommy issues? Actually, they come to me with any issues. You know, football at this level requires both physical and mental fitness, as I'm sure you know. Well, you know, I-I shake a lot of hands. People are always amazed at how strong my fingers are. You know how they got that way? Years of carrying around this kind of hardware. Got three more of them in my trophy case. Planning on getting one more for my thumb. I'm here to make winners out of this team. And to win, players need it simple. There are no secrets from me. With all due respect, Coach, the therapist/client privilege is not an option like cole slaw or potato salad. It is an ironclad rule. So if you are suggesting that I become some sort of stool pigeon, that ain't gonn' fly. Oh, okay. Then you're fired. Excuse me? I just did. Coach. ♪ If you believe everything has a reason ♪ ♪ If you believe that what you see will unfold ♪ ♪ If you believe that everybody needs to shake it loose ♪ Oh, thank God! Oh! Good thing our vacation plans coincided with your nervous breakdown. Hey. Well, it's been a while, but I can make an introduction. I'll make that happen. Should we really be drinking at 11:00 am? Matt knocks up Noelle just as you're about to get back together... Mm-hmm. ...marries her, to boot. Oh, right. Your son runs off with an heiress, and you get fired from the Hawks. I was there. I don't need the recap. All I'm saying is you have A-plus reasons for heavy drinking, regardless of the hour. Salud. Mm. But we don't have to have a pity party or anything because I'm gonna put some feelers out to some other teams, and, you know, I'm gonna be fine. Pfft -- the Hawks will be calling you in no time, begging you to come back. I don't know about that. It's been a week. See? I bet that's them now. This is Dani. You still in the helping-people business, Doctor? Nico? I know. It's been a long time. Where are you? Are you all right? There's a limo in your driveway. I need you to get in. What do you mean there's a limo in my driveway? There's a limo in your driveway! I'm sorry. Why am I gonna get in a limo? Because I need your help. ♪ Let's go! ♪ ♪ Everybody, come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ Everybody in the house, start it up now ♪ ♪ Everybody, come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ Everybody in the house, start it up now ♪ ♪ Everybody, come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ Everybody in the house, start it up now ♪ ♪ Everybody, come on, come on, come on ♪ Hello. Hi. Welcome to V3. Can I help you? Uh, according to my driver, I'm supposed to see, um... Dr. Santino. Yeah? Over here. Hello? Hello. Ah. The savior has arrived. Wait right there. Okay. I'm glad you could accept my invitation. I'm Connor McClane. Welcome to V3. ♪ Baby, work your magic on me ♪ ♪ Necessary Roughness 3x01 ♪ Ch-Ch-Changes Original Air Date on June 13, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == So, V3 is sports management? Well, that's like saying Apple makes computers. I mean, sure, we handle the best athletes on the planet -- the four bigs, plus soccer, tennis, golf, even cricket. Someone's got to teach me the rules of cricket. Also, we're a global leader in fashion, media, entertainment. We got our fingers in -- it looks like you have a question. Only one. Connor, I need five minutes on the Lebron thing. Gonna have to happen after lunch. All right, go ahead. You were saying? Uh, I was asking, uh, what exactly am I doing here? Good question-- hold on one sec. Bobby, look. We both know the deal is a nonstarter. And, quite frankly, I'm insulted. Now, you bring back something that insults both of us, and maybe we have a deal, okay? Goodbye. Sorry. You have my undivided attention. Was that guy on mute the whole time? Can I offer you something to drink? Water, soda? Spirulina hemp shake? Uh, nope. I'm good. Jasmine, hold all my calls, and see if you can find someone to teach me the rules of cricket over dinner, will you? Right away. Ah, perfect timing. Dr. Santino, this is my C.F.O., Troy Cutler. Hi. I'm the big-idea guy. Troy executes. Ah. Well, that sounds ominous. In other words, he schmoozes and gives magazine interviews. I actually work for a living. I'm sorry. Uh, this tour has been lovely. But I'm actually wondering why I'm here. Dr. Santino, have you ever seen $100 million before? Mnh. Well, you're looking at it. Each of these folders is a multimillion-dollar offer from a premium brand. Okay. We have an 18-year-old pitching phenom -- Darryl Hutchinson. Killer attitude and a 100-mile-an-hour fastball. He's probably going first in the baseball draft next month -- make him an overnight millionaire and a likely superstar. The thing is, the kid is hair-on-fire terrified about getting on an airplane. Ah. Away games -- that's a big problem. Yeah. If the kid can't fly, he can't play pro ball. All 20 folders go bye-bye. Rumors are already starting to float around the league that the kid's a head case. Now, if we can't get him on a plane next week for his tryouts in Kansas City, his draft status will plummet, cost the kid millions, maybe even his whole career. That is why you're here. Loop, swoop, pull! Right foot forward! Loop, swoop, pull! What are we doing? We're digging for frogs. What does it look like we're doing? We're tying our shoes. Yeah, I know we're tying our shoes, but why? Mr. King. You're late. Nyet. I'm right on time, Coach. No. 10 minutes early is on time. See page three of the Wizinski Bible, which was e-mailed to everyone last night. Ah, that's a problem. You should have tweeted it. I'm not really checking the e-mail these days. Kind of 2012, you know? Yeah, see page 11 -- shoe tying. Well, I don't really have to tie the shoes 'cause I've got these dope velcro straps. No, velcro is for people under 8 and over 80, not pro athletes. On the line! Since Mr. King showed up late, wearing the wrong shoes, everyone runs until he gets back with the right ones. Don't stand there like a jackass. Go! What's happening? We just signed the Heisman trophy winner from Alabama. It's a little tradition we do here I like to call "the welcome home." And you do this for all your clients? Mm-hmm, and employees, too, when they sign here. Huh. So, Daryl Hutchinson. Well, I have decided that I will take on your client as my client. But I got to ask you, what does Nico Careles have to do with any of this? Ask him yourself. Whoo! Uh, will you excuse me for just a sec? Sure. This dude is a mofo! By "mofo," I assume you mean Wizinski. Yes. He's crazy. He's loco. He -- he's unbalanced. He's deranged. He's cracked in the cabeza. You got to do something. He's a deranged maniac. I'll get right on that. You think this is funny? "T," he's our head coach and our G.M. All right, his methods may be a little unorthodox, but he's a proven winner. He has turned around three losing teams. And more important, he's here to stay. I think you got to ask yourself -- are you gonna be the kid who keeps getting kicked out of class, or do you want to get with the program? Fine. But if I got to deal with coach crazy, I need to see Dr. D. That's not gonna happen. I need to see Dr. D.! Not gonna happen. Look. Wizinski is bringing in his own guy from Chicago. He's supposed to be one of the best sports shrinks in the business -- a Dr. McTavish. I am not gonna download to some fool I don't even know! That's what you said before you talked to Dani. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Yeah. Hello, Doctor. Oh! I believe I owe you a phone call. Mm-hmm. And I believe I owe you this. Last I know, you're going to Dallas to work for Mark Cuban. You don't say goodbye to me. You don't answer my calls. You don't answer my texts. You just vanish down some Nico rabbit hole, and then you pop up like a freaking Jack-in-the-box asking for my help, and for a patient? I apologize for falling out of touch. Where the hell have you been? Here. You work here? Mm-hmm. Explain that. It's complicated. Yeah, let me repeat myself -- I thought you were dead. I spent months worrying about you, losing sleep over you, and then I come to find out that you're just -- you're here, working in New York, security. You really do know how to torture people, don't you? Connor wanted me to make an introduction, so I did. I heard it wasn't working out so well with the Hawks. I'm sorry. I'll bet you're sorry. There you are. Dr. Santino, car's ready for you. Mm-hmm. Ah, got to take this. ♪ Standing on a rain cloud, looking down on the world ♪ ♪ All the rock-'n'-roll boys and their rock-'n'-roll girls ♪ ♪ Blood runs red ♪ ♪ Sky goes black ♪ That's Darryl Hutchinson. His friends call him Zeus 'cause he throws lightning bolts. And V3 Academy is a boarding school for student-athletes. Elite student-athletes. We give them that competitive edge -- best training, best facilities. We take students and turn them into superstars. You get ahold of them young, huh? Oh, don't tell me you're a cynic there? Just from New York. It goes with the territory. Uh-huh. So, Kansas City, huh? Is that where he wants to go? Well, not really, and I'd rather him be in New York, but you got to go where you're drafted. K.C. has the number-one draft pick this year. Mm. Yo, "Hutch"! Hey, Connor. You see that last pitch? Gun had me at 101. Well, obviously there's something wrong with the gun. No one pitches that fast. Oh, yeah? Ow! Have you met me? Dr. Santino, this is Hutch. This is the woman I was telling you about. Shrink lady, right? It started about a year ago. I was on a flight home to Arizona, hit some real bad turbulence. Nobody was hurt, but it was terrifying. Have you flown since? Yeah. At first, I wasn't having full-on freak-outs, but it's been getting worse and worse. Last time, my heart was pounding like a jackhammer. I thought I was having a heart attack. Well, with the draft coming up and all this money at stake, that's a lot for an 18-year-old. If baseball pays me a lot of dough, that's awesome, but I'm in it because I love the game. The mound is the -- it's the one place I feel happy. Are you happy here, at the Academy, away from home? You kidding? It's the greatest thing that happened to me. I've spent four years at V3. Connor and Troy have given me everything I need to reach the dream, and now I'm gonna blow it over something this stupid. Hey, Hutch, fear of flying is not an uncommon phobia. And luckily, it's one of the easiest to tackle... If you're motivated. Have you met me? Good. So, then we are gonna face this head-on. We're gonna get you on that plane to Kansas City -- pyow! But first, we're gonna do a dry run. I understand that you have to be in Philly for an interview, right? Yeah. With some reporters, Thursday. Excellent. Then we have time for a few sessions beforehand. So, the international man of mystery returns, and you whack him. That is so "Fifty Shades." Did he take you into his arms and throw you up against a wall? No. I should have thrown him up against the wall. I mean, he's making me sweat all those months, and the whole time, he's only working a bridge and tunnel away? What kind of person does that to a...a friend? Maybe you broke his heart, and seeing you was too much for him to bear. You're not actually reading that "Fifty Shades" of porno, are you? What do you think got me through all those sleepless baby nights? Hmm. Don't be too mad at him. He did get you this gig. And I will be glad when it's done. After what he put me through, I never want to see "Sir Sneako" ever again. I know how this ends -- hate sex. It's the best worst kind. ♪ Right, right, right, right, right ♪ ♪ Right, right, right, right, right ♪ Okay, why can't we just drive? I mean, we can get there in like an hour and a half. It's Philly. It's just a 30-minute flight. We're getting on the plane, but we won't close the door, and we won't take off unless you say you're ready. Look at me. Look at me -- Darryl. Listen. You've heard that expression "Keep your eye on the ball?" Well, right now the ball is Kansas City. This is the first step in getting you there. Those stairs take you to your dream... But you need to decide how badly you want it. Look, I can't breathe. I feel like I have a boulder on my chest. I'm sweating. I feel light-headed. I'm gonna throw up. I'm gonna... Okay. Look at me. See how calm I am? I want you to repeat after me -- "This is a safe and easy way to travel." This is a safe and easy way to travel. Again. This is a safe and easy way to travel. We have been sitting here for 20 minutes. What do you think our odds that this plane's ever gonna take off? Well, if this was Vegas, I'd bet against you. But it's not. No, this is not -- I can't -- I can't -- no! No! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh! I am going to give you something to calm you down. This medicine has no side effects and it kicks in immediately. What -- what is she giving him? Let it play out. She knows what she's doing. Don't I need permission to take meds? Already got it. Okay, okay. All right. You're going to start to feel calm almost immediately. Your breathing will slow, your muscles will unclench, and you will suddenly realize that everything's okay. Ow. Pitchers have strong grips. Sorry. I, uh -- I thought my ball got the worst of it. It's okay. But that pill should be kicking in right about now, so you just say the word. Close the door. You can close the door. Man, these pills are awesome. Uh-huh. What are they? Skittles. It's called the placebo effect. Fear of flying is all in your head, and I wanted to show you how powerful your mind can be. You can calm yourself down anytime you want. A zombie? Yeah. I think I'm a flesh-eating zombie. How long have you had these feelings? Ever since I was bitten by that other flesh-eating zombie. That was a joke. Your -- Don't therapists normally have a couch? Some. And don't they normally have, like, you know, snacks and niblets that their patients can partake in? Some. What are you writing in your little pad there? Details I like to remember. Oh. Getting the scoop there, huh, Wolf Blitzer? That's how the unabomber started. Got himself a little pen, a little pad, started writing down stuff he wanted to remember. Do you know what he wanted to remember? Buildings, so he could blow them up. "Double Windsor knot. Way too fat for his frame." ♪ Do-do, do-do, do-do ♪ "And still has a price tag on his pants." Cute. You stole those. Terrence, would you like for me to put the pad down? That's my whole damn point, homeboy. I don't see why you need a pad. Dr. D never wrote anything down. She remembered everything I said because it was important to her, plus, she had a sofa, okay? With some comfy-ass pillows. I don't mean "ass pillows." I mean... This -- this is a waste of time. You know what? And yours. Terrence, is there something I can get you that would make you more comfortable? Yeah... Some jelly beans. We're gonna play "20 Questions." How come you didn't go to Dallas? Change of plans. Yeah, but why? And how come you didn't call me back? And what, are we back to one-word answers like "Pittsburgh"? Mm. That's three questions. And no answers. Are you gonna slap me again? No... But I'd like to. Ladies and gentlemen, please return your seats to their upright position. We'll be starting our descent in just a few moments. You better get back to your seat. You're not off the hook. Where are we? We're in Philly. You did it. You're okay. No, I'm not. Hutch? Hey, talk to me. What's happening? My arm's numb. Hey. Okay. Somebody help me! Look I -- I can't -- I cannot feel my arm! Do you know what this shows? I'm not a medical doctor. Well, that much is clear. I will tell you what it shows. It shows that nothing is physically wrong with Hutch's arm and nothing was wrong with his arm -- period -- until you talked to him. So... What the hell did you say to him? What did I say? Yeah. The kid throws like Koufax, and then he talks to you, and he's got Muppet arm. What did you say? Firstly... My conversations with Hutch are confidential. And secondly, nothing I say can make his arm go numb. All right, we got a kid who won't fly, and now he can't pitch. He's got to be on -- and off -- that plane in Kansas City in five days. What now? I think that Hutch is suffering from a sort of conversion disorder -- a psychosomatic illness. It started with the fear of flying, then it became about the numbness in the arm, and it might eventually become about something else entirely. So, he's making it up? Oh, no. It's very real to him. All right, what could cause this conversion disorder? It's usually triggered by some external stressors. Mm. I'd like to see his medical records. Oh, so now you are a medical doctor? I'm sorry. This is ridiculous. You want to know what's ridiculous? Bringing me into a fight with one hand tied behind my back. I happen to know my way around two things -- mental health and Sicilian cooking. So why don't you help me help your client, or else let me go home and cook some lasagna where people are not second-guessing me at every turn? All right, Nico, will you give Dr. Santino Hutch's medical records, please? Sure thing. We don't have time for a fishing expedition. We brought on Dr. Santino to do a job. Let's let her do it. Quite frankly, we're out of options. There's a gap. What kind of gap? In your attendance record -- I noticed that you were absent for two weeks from school last June. Do you remember that? Kind of. I had some bug. What kind of bug? I don't know. They thought I had mono, but tests were negative. What's this got to do with flying, with my arm going numb? Oh, I'm just trying to piece together whether or not you've had bouts of this before. If you're asking when I first became a basket case, I don't know, all right? All I know is that I was flinging 100 miles an hour. Now I'm barely clearing 70. How is that all in my head? Being a first-round draft pick -- that's got to be a lot of pressure. Look, I tossed a shutout in the Little League World Series when I was 12. I have had scouts poking around since I was 14. I mean, pressure -- it's never bothered me before. I eat pressure for breakfast, you know? We talked about how powerful your mind is. Well, yours is sabotaging you... For a reason. All of my dreams are about to come true. Why the hell wouldn't I want that? Nonspecific virus? This whole case is a nonspecific virus. Oh. Come on, ladies! One more. That's it, man. You can do it. ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ Hey, Larson, don't you make a mess on my field. Coach, I really don't feel like calling an ambulance today. They don't know what sacrifice is. Until they do, they'll never win the game that really matters. - Larson, you good? - Yeah. Get him some fluids, and get his ass back out here. Mr. King! Because you stopped, everyone here is gonna run until I get tired. Again! What?! That's ridiculous! And that just cost you $1,000. He's stroking over here, Coach. We all are. Are you trying to kill the team? And that's another $1,000. Every single word that comes out of your mouth is another $1,000. Well, I'm done talking, homeboy. How about that? Screw you, screw the Hawks. And screw your rules. I quit. Keep it going! It's fourth quarter. That's when it counts. What the hell are you doing? About to get Chinese food in Yonkers. You want to come? Stop it. After everything that you've been through? You're throwing away a chance to work with the best coach in football? You're never gonna get this chance again. Hell, you leave like this, you may never get your shot in the league again. You didn't even fight for her. What are you talking about? Dr. D. She saved my ass. She saved your ass. She saved this entire team's collective ass, and all you did was wipe her and flush her. Terrence, I'm sorry that she's gone. Right. Right. Right. Right. All right? "T," come on. You've been in this game long enough. You know. Players, coaches, executives, therapists -- they come and go. Yeah, well, he came, she goes, I'm gone. Crabchek? Yes, June of last year, there was a kid at the Academy named Joseph Crabchek who withdrew from the draft. And? And there was never any mention why he left or how he left in the press. So I'm thinking that maybe it's the missing piece. Did you ask Troy or Connor? No, I was hoping that I wouldn't have to. Hey. Listen. Can you stop being Nico for just a second? You brought me here to help this kid. I'm telling you there's a missing piece and that I need your help to figure it out. I'll see what I can find out. Okay. Dani... ...if I told you it was for personal reasons -- not going to Dallas... ...could you accept that? If I have to. For the record, I never meant to hurt you. Ditto. He quit?! Drove off in the middle of practice. Wow. I'm sure that went over really well with the coach. Look. It's probably too late, but you got to do something. All right? You're the only person he's gonna listen to. Have you forgotten that the Hawks fired me? He's not my client anymore. He just needs someone to talk him down. The team has a new therapist. You've got him on speed dial. You can't just pick up the phone? What, to push your agenda? He's not my friend. He's a former client. There's ethical issues here. Jesus, Dani. You know, you didn't have a problem with my rules when we were on the same team. Look. I'm sorry how things went down, all right? Wizinski's an ass. No one's gonna deny it. I'm sure that if you went in and sat down and talked to him -- you mean apologize to him on bended knee and maybe I'll get my job back? No. Okay? We could make nice for a day or two. And then, on the third day, we would be having this conversation again -- and again. Let's face it. My time with the Hawks is over. Hey. Mind if I come in? Oh. Okay. Nico. Thought you were in Dallas. Uh, yeah. It didn't pan out. I'm still in town. Oh, we have a client together. Heard you were having a baby. Congratulations. Yeah. Thanks. Well, hey. This reunion has been fun. But I got to get back at it. Good night. See you guys. I assume that you haven't come here to chitty-chat. I found something I thought you'd like to see. A police report... Joseph Crabchek. From June of last year. Look who the witness was. Darryl Hutchinson. Tell me about Joseph Crabcheck. Joe Crabchek? He's ancient history. Well, he may be a current event, too. What are you, a time-traveling therapist? Leave it alone. If I could time travel, I would go back and figure out who stole your toys. What's with the games? I don't -- O-okay. All right. Can you grab the door, please? Joseph Crabchek was a kid here at V3 who opted out of the draft last year. Yes, I read those articles. All right, so, what's this have to do with Hutch's arm? I think everything. Joe Crabchek? What about him? You tell me. What's there to know? Uh, he was a year ahead of me at the Academy. Besides Joe being the best pitcher I ever knew, he was a stand-up guy. So, he was well-liked. Well-liked? Look. The dude was a legend. All the pitchers looked up to him -- tough, funny... Had a wicked-hard slider no one could hit. He was set to go early in the first round. Just like you. Yeah. What happened to him, Hutch? Uh... One night... About a week before the draft, uh... ...Joe went bonkers in the dorm. One second he was joking, and the next he's crying, running through the hallways ripping off all his clothes, ranting and raving. You know, the coaches -- they tried to get him under control. They literally tried to sit on him, but, I mean, he's scratching, clawing at his arms. The next thing, he's -- he's smashing windows with his fists. There was... there was glass a-and blood everywhere. How do you know all of this in such great detail? Because I was there. The police came... took him away in handcuffs. And then? And then Joe dropped out of the Academy. He wasn't drafted, and... and I never saw him again. And then you missed two weeks of school. I was sick. You were traumatized. And I think that you still are, Hutch. I believe that you are suffering from an undiagnosed form of post-traumatic stress disorder. And your fear of ending up like Crabchek -- it's leading to a self-fulfilling prophecy. Okay, but if the great Joe Crabchek can't handle the pressure then... How the hell can I? Your destiny is your own. You're Darryl Hutchinson, not Joe Crabchek. And you've already taken a crucial step that Crabchek never did. What's that? You're getting help. I wish that you could stay and cook for me forever. Look at us. I'm the stay-at-home cooking mom now. You're the hot working woman, men at every port. God, I miss being a sailor. Oh, God. I miss being a mom. I mean, my daughter's never home, my son's never coming home, far as I can tell, and I am back to pounding the pavement for work. I'm sorry about the way things turned out with the Hawks, Dan, but silver lining -- you don't have to see Matt every day and pretend you don't hate him. I don't hate him. I don't. It was totally amicable. You know, he felt like he owed it to Noelle and the baby to see if they could make that family work, and, you know, so did I. But it still sucks, so let's not pretend. Gusto? Hi, baby! No, no, I put the extra diapers in the grey suitcase. Help me, "Obi-Wan k'Dani." You are my only hope. I'd be happy to schedule you an appointment at a normal hour, like, say, when the sun is up. When have you ever known me to be normal? Mm. Speaking of which, I quit. The Hawks. That means I'm a free man -- a.k.a. unemployed. What happened? Coach is a douche. Matty "D" is a douche-b, and I gave myself the bag. Upside is I can still be your client. Terrence. Are you sure that you're ready to give up your career with the Hawks? There would probably be no career or T.K. without you. He can't just take you away from me. He doesn't own me. It's not "Django." Okay, that's what this is about -- you and me. Matty D didn't fight for you. He let coach break up the band. You may not agree with your coach or his tactics, but his track record is pretty hard to argue with. So, if you want the ring, then this may be your best shot. I know this is difficult, but therapy isn't supposed to be a forever thing. Oh, so, now you're breaking up with me, too? No. I'm not going anywhere. But, Terrence, you have come so far in these last two years that maybe you are ready to fly solo. ♪ I know it's a struggle ♪ ♪ I know that you're blue ♪ ♪ you should know I'm here for you ♪ So, how was the trip to K.C.? Got on and off the plane with no hiccups thanks to you. Good. He should continue to improve. But he needs to find a good therapist in Kansas City. Great. Anything else? Well, I was wondering why you never mentioned Crabchek's meltdown. Dani, we lost a kid -- not something you like to dwell on. Okay. Connor. Sir. I just got word from K.C. They're out. They heard about Hutch's flying issues, and they got cold feet. What does that mean for Hutch? Well, it would be a disaster if I didn't just get off the phone with the Yankees five minutes ago. And? And I convinced them that Hutch was of sound mind and body, and they're gonna take a flier on him at the end of the first round. You son of a bitch. You pulled it off. Just doing my thing. Okay, wait. What just happened? I've never won a ring -- not in high school, not in college, and damn sure not here in the pros. Just so I'm clear... this is an apology? I will do whatever it takes to get one. You see those? There is a method to what appears to be my madness, Mr. King. Think of this season as a trust exercise. All you have to do is fall back. I'll handle the rest. Just so you know -- there won't be any more second chances. We were never thrilled about the kid going to K.C. -- small market, unlikely to compete. Lower draft slot means less money up front, but he'll pull down a hundred times more in endorsements if he works out here in New York. So you leaked the fear of flying to K.C. to scare them off, and then hoped that I would fix Hutch in time for the draft and for the Yankees. Nico said you were the best. He didn't lie. Hey, since Hutch is staying here, can he continue to see you? Yes. Here is my card. Don't need to send a limo. Just have Hutch call me. Duly noted. Santino. Proposition for you. What? What are you doing the rest of your life? What kind of proposition is that? I'm offering you a job -- here at V3. You'll have your own office, assistant, expense account, unlimited resources. I'm flattered, but I just got out of a whole -- You'll do the most interesting work of your career with the most interesting people on the planet. You'll be well compensated, well taken care of, and extremely appreciated. Yes or yes? Oh, boy. You really are good. What's the catch? Close your private practice and be exclusive to V3. Oh. Santino, I spot greatness for a living. You're an all-star. Time for you to play on an all-star team. We could do great things together. What are you afraid of, Santino? Flying? Hey. Is everything all right? You have a minute? Yeah. I just wanted you to know that, um, I went to bat for you with Wizinski, and no deal to be had there. Oh. Well, I appreciate that, but it was totally unnecessary. No. No, it was necessary. T.K. was right. You have been as valuable to that team as anyone who's come through. Change is the only constant, right? But...you didn't come over here to tell me something I already knew, did you? I'm leaving the Hawks. What? When? Right away. Tomorrow. Going to be the G.M. for Boston. Been courting me for a while. Boston's Noelle's hometown, so it all seemed to make sense, you know? Congratulations. That's -- wow. That is a -- that's a big change. Guess we're both moving on. Sorry, Dani... for everything. There's no apologies required. I wish you so much luck. You too. Oh, yeah. ♪ Loving you ♪ ♪ Isn't the right thing to do ♪ ♪ How can I ever change things that I feel ♪ ♪ If I could, maybe I'd give you my world ♪ ♪ How can I when you won't take it from me? ♪ ♪ You can go your own way ♪ ♪ Don't go away ♪ ♪ You can call it another lonely day ♪ ♪ You can call it another lonely day ♪ ♪ You can go your own way ♪ Welcome to the family, Dr. Santino. Come say hi. ♪ Go your own way ♪ ♪ You can call it another lonely day ♪ I thought you said this was a one-time deal. Yeah, we had a change of plans. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ We need someone like her. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ She's nosy. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ She's effective. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ Yeah, it's me. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ We have a problem. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 