Necessary Roughness: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s3e2 - Gimme Some Lovin' - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 2 - Gimme Some Lovin' - full transcript 
 Dani helps a former child star struggling with growing pains that have put her career on the rocks. Also, Connor works to revamp TK's image to snag a major endorsement. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on Necessary Roughness... If you are suggesting that I be some kind of stool pigeon, that ain't gonn' fly. Then you're fired. Let's face it. My time with the Hawks is over. I'm Connor McClane. Welcome to V3. Where the hell have you been? Here. I am chief of security. I've never won a ring. I will do whatever it takes to get one. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Santino. What are you doing the rest of your life? What kind of proposition is that? I'm offering you a job. We have a problem. ♪ When I feel myself, I move like this ♪ ♪ when you feel yourself, then move like this ♪ ♪ Now groove ♪ ♪ Now do it ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Ohh. Ooh. Nice save, Dr. Santino. Or do you prefer Dani? Or Dr. Dani? Dani's fine, um... Paloma. Your new assistant. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Oh. - Let me give you le grand tour. So, second and third floors are the balls. The what? Basketball, baseball, football. Fourth floor is "the ers." Actors, writers, directors. Fifth floor -- models, designers, and stylists. Oh, my! V3 gets lines before Milan. Who -- what's on the sixth floor, astronauts? No. But Connor is working with Elon Musk on commercial space travel, so who knows, right? Follow me. ♪ Do it ♪ ♪ Move, move ♪ And here we are. ♪ Move ♪ Wait. This is my office? - Mm-hmm. - Oh, I just need enough room to talk to my clients, not land an airplane. Clients, planes, whatever you need. Welcome to V3. How do you take your coffee? Oh, I can make it my-- Is it like a skim/low-fat mix? - No, but I -- - Plain drip or Americano? Paloma you seem lovely. But I have been taking care of myself and my family and my practice for the past few -- I don't know -- decades. I really don't need an assistant, and I have -- Staff meeting right now. Conference room. Okay. F.Y.I., department heads -- Sara is fashion, Tom handles models, Dennis, sports, Amy, talent. Jim in branding -- watch your back. Josh in media -- watch your front. Oh. Good luck. Santino! Find your locker okay? Yes, I was just squaring away my class schedule. This is Home Ec, right? Eh, funny you should ask. We're just about to talk buttons. Buttons. Oh! "Buttons." Oh, my daughter loved those travel videos growing up. Yeah, "Buttons in the big Apple," "Buttons goes dancing," "High flying buttons." 'Cause she was in the circus, which was awesome. Yeah, well, Buttons, a.k.a. Cindy Luck, is now 24 years old and 18 months sober. She's trying to make a comeback after being a tabloid train wreck. She makes Lindsay Lohan look responsible. We're trying to transition her from child star to leading lady. We got her a great movie, hot director. Although things have gotten a little, um...bumpy. Bumpy how? Mm, "fleeing the scene of an accident" bumpy, "violating her probation" bumpy. Oh. She ran off to Paris for three days to visit her boyfriend. Uh, that cost about, uh, 300 grand for the movie to shut down. Studio wanted to fire her, but I talked them out of it. How? Because Connor personally insured the movie. So any extra production cost caused by Cindy comes out of V3's pockets. Judge, uh, decided to give her one last chance. Either she shows up for the court-mandated therapy sessions with you twice a week, or she goes to jail. All right. Next point of business. Salazar, being traded -- Ah, wai-- wha-ha-ha-ha. Slow down for a second. Um, first, Cindy has to show up for the court-mandated sessions with me. I'm not gonna rubber-stamp that. Understood. Second? I'm a therapist and not a babysitter. I'm not gonna drag her out of bed and tag her with a GPS and keep her from fleeing the country. That's why we have Nico. What? You two are gonna be working together. Okay. Salazar. Yes. Salazar. ♪ They say I don't follow rules ♪ Hails from Catalan. ♪ They say I'm trying to cheat ♪ Huddle up. Let's huddle up. ♪ I say, "catch me if you can ♪ All right, face 90 Hawk. ♪ 'Cause I'm fast on my feet" ♪ 686 on one, on one. ♪ You don't want to get behind me ♪ Ready? ♪ Leave you in a cloud of smoke ♪ ♪ First place in the race ♪ Break! ♪ I'm Usain Bolt ♪ ♪ I'm going full speed ♪ Red 100! Red 100! ♪ I'm moving real swift ♪ ♪ Everybody bet I'm ready ♪ Watch him. ♪ Like, "man, he's quick" ♪ Ten-hut! ♪ Catch me if you can ♪ ♪ But I'm going too fast ♪ ♪ Catch me if you can ♪ ♪ But you're running out of gas ♪ ♪ Catch me if you can ♪ ♪ Don't wait too long ♪ ♪ Catch me if you can ♪ ♪ I'm going, I'm going ♪ ♪ I'm gone ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ That's my bad, T.K. I'm sorry. Next group. The ball hits your mitts, you better bring it into your body. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. I know you weren't blaming that T-I-P on the K-I-N-G. I didn't see anybody else tip the ball right into the defense's hands. Well, the only reason that ball was tippable because I powered up Super Mario brothers style and went and go got it. I mean, I thought -- no, no. Your job's not to think. Just do what the playbook says. Unless you're too busy running your mouth to learn it. Get back out there, Mr. King. Uh, that's defense. Last time I checked, I played offense. Yeah, last time I checked, not so well. Go play cornerback, see if you can get that right. Doctor, see you Wednesday night for dinner. Wait. What? I booked it through your assistant. I wish someone had checked with me. Nico. This Dr. Santino, is she gonna be a problem? Well, she helps her clients. Yeah, but she can't be controlled, right? No, she can't. Connor's sloppy. I'm not. She's another one of his impulse buys. The question is, how are we going to get rid of her? I'll take care of it. ♪ Baby, work your magic on me ♪ 3x02 Gimme Some Lovin' Original Air Date on June 20, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == Resync for WEB-DL by lost0ne www.addic7ed.com You -- you need an appointment. Excuse me. Skeletor here is telling me I need an appointment to see you. Do you have an assistant now? - No. - Yes. I need five minutes. Who do I speak to? Me. Thank you. Mr. Careles is waiting for you downstairs. Sneako?! What is he doing here? That's an excellent question, which only he can answer, but I thought that we agreed to take a break and that you were gonna adhere to your coach's rules. Yeah, yeah. But his rules and regulations are ridiculous. Had me playing cornerback the other day in practice. It's like asking Beethoven to play "Chopsticks" with some chopsticks. But we talked about you moving forward. Well, let's talk about me moving back...to you. Terrence, I closed my private practice. I signed an exclusive contract with V3. Meaning? I can only see V3 clients. Is that all? Well, I spy a slam dunk to that problem. Lebron! Ooh, aah. You were awfully quiet on the ride here. What's there to talk about? You don't say anything, and I've got nothing to say. Dr. Santino? Yes. Hi. I'm -- I'm Lars. I'm the production assistant. Hello. Hi. So we've set aside 50 minutes for Cindy to meet with you, and then she's got to get right back on set. Okay. Tight schedule. I got you. Just so you know, she's a little moody today. Oh, well, I raised two teenagers, so I eat moody for breakfast. This is a complete do-over! My dress is a muumuu! I'm a size 2, not a 22! And you gave me hooker hair! If it were any bigger, it'd be its own planet! Hey, Cindy? Dr. Santino's -- New dress, or I'm not doing the scene. Hmm. You were saying? It ain't over till I say it's over. Okay? Cindy, this is Dr. Santino, your court-appointed therapist. I'm told that production has put aside 50 minutes for us to talk. I'm also told that if you don't comply, you will do jail time. And I'm pretty sure that talking to me is better than being incarcerated. But that's your choice. All right. Cindy, good luck in the clink. And, uh, don't bring too many personal items, 'cause they tend to not come back with you. I'm sober. I'm not drinking. I paid for the damage to the woman's car. What is there to talk about? Oh, I don't know. Um, maybe leaving the scene of an accident or three days in Paris, which, apparently, the studio did not appreciate. I just needed to see my boyfriend, Dylan. I'm under a lot of pressure right now, and he knows how to calm me down. For some reason, that set off alarm bells. Everyone's freaking out. Missy, did you get Dylan on the phone? It keeps going straight to voicemail. Well, keep trying. Okay. Okay, how about fleeing the scene? I was being chased by the paparazzi and lost control of the car. Look. I know that running was stupid. But people snap photos of buttons at the grocery store, at the gym, wherever. And they sell them to the tabloids. Everybody wants me to fail. Everyone? Mm-hmm. You don't have anybody in your life that wants you to succeed? Dylan, I guess. A mom, dad? Well, of course they want me to succeed so I can pay their mortgages. Oh, I'm starting to break out. I get hives when I get upset. I'm trying to be taken seriously as an actress. There's no margin for error here. Cindy...I don't think these people here want you to fail. I think they want you to succeed. Because if you succeed in this production, then everyone's a part of that. I never really thought of it like that. You say that you want to be taken seriously as an actress, right? Yes. Of course. Then get out there and act like a professional. You wear the dress, you do the scene, and stop doing things for the tabloids to write about. Hmm. Ah, it's Dylan. Can I have some privacy, please? Uh, we're not done with the session. No, just five minutes, hmm? Okay. Dylan. Hi. Yeah, I've been trying to get ahold of you. I'm sorry, but when you don't call me back, it just kind of freaks me out. Terrence King. As I live and breathe. C-Mac, as I live and breathe. What's up, baby? How you doing? Good. Haven't seen you since the ESPYS party. Oh, yeah. Last year, man. That's right. Oh, hey. Uh, what happened to those Victoria's Secret models that were hanging on you like a jungle gym, huh? A man's got to get exercise, right? Yeah, love it! All right, so, you're looking for representation. Mm-hmm. What are you thinking? Here's what I'm thinking. I am sipping Gatorade, wearing some Nikes, driving a Toyota, nibbling on a Subway sandwich. And that's just day one. Right? And then, long term, I'm thinking, like, I become the first tall, dark, and handsome James Bond. And then I marry a Kenne-Dashian and governate myself into retirement. And I'm thinking Sport-E Boost. The, uh, advertising world has not quite -- uh, what's the word I'm looking for -- recovered yet. Sport-E Boost... Better than urine. "Better than urine." Sport-E Boost... Does not taste like embryonic fluid. Does not. Sport-E Boost... May cause sterility. There's more. Sport-E Boost. Sex in a cup. Cut! C-Mac, that was in the past. Yeah, well, uh, that's on YouTube, where there is no past. Your outtakes live in infamy, my friend. Yes, but, okay, this is the new T.K. Mm-hmm. And I've risen from the ashes like a great Phoenix, and I'm ready to grab the world by its balls. Yeah, well, you see, the Nikes and the Cokes -- they don't like their balls grabbed. They want men to help old ladies across the street -- heroes. So what are you saying? You don't want to rep all this? You know, some agents will tell their clients what they want to hear. I tell my clients what they need to hear. Bring it. Terrence King is a superstar receiver. Not top three, but maybe top five or six. He's got the kind of charisma money can't buy, yet he's got no championship ring to back it up. He has no problem running his mouth on TV. But sometimes, his mouth runs him and his Twitter feed is a time bomb waiting to go off. Right? What you need to do is convince the world that you're not just lovable, but you're also reliable. Okay. How do I do that? First, convince me. We've been waiting here for 25 minutes. I don't think she's gonna come out. Okay. Right. Then I am...going to file papers with the court that say she didn't finish her session. You're just gonna let her go to jail? I already told Connor that I'm not gonna rubber-stamp this. I'm not some corporate stooge. I'm actually surprised you took the job at V3. Meaning? Well, you're not the corporate type. Oh, and you are? I wear suits. If you didn't want me here, why did you bring me in? Just for one client. I didn't expect you to stay. Uh, way to roll out the carpet for me on my first day. Well, if it keeps on going on like this, it might be your last day. Cindy, we need you to open the door. Cindy?! We need you to open the door! Hey, hey. Missy, what's happening? I just got this text message from Cindy. What did it say? I have no idea. Just look. You got to break that door down now. Cindy? Oh. Call 911. We're gonna need a medic out to Cindy's trailer right away. Cindy. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Cindy? Can you hear me? I'm not deaf. Just need sleep. Her pulse is fine. Pull the door closed. There can't be any illicit substances in this trailer when the medic gets here. That's your idea of protecting the client? You do your job. I'll do mine. Uh, we just need a minute. She's either drunk or high or both. We just have to figure out what she took. You're not gonna find any illicit drugs. She's not passed out. She's sleeping. Antihistamines? Don't you read labels? I double-dosed to get rid of my hives before I went on camera. I didn't realize it would knock me out. It was stupid. Do you want to tell me why you turned your trailer upside down and broke out in hives in the first place? Dylan called to say that it's over. He's moving on. That must be hard. Thanks. He was the whole reason I was even doing this nude scene in the first place. Nude scene? Thursday. Dylan said that I was too young for him, a child. I wanted to prove him wrong. But instead, he left me. Just like everybody else. Who's everybody else? My dad...for one. He was my biggest fan. But, um by the time I was 12, I made more money than he made in his entire life. Eventually, he left. Mom disappeared into a bottle. So your mom and dad weren't there for you, then. But, um, when you -- when you shoot a movie, those people become your family. For those -- those few months, you -- you live and you eat and you breathe together. But then they leave. I really thought that Dylan was the one. After a breakup, sometimes, we do something that's called a euphoric recall -- you remember all the best parts of something. But you never play the tape through to the end. Well... He could be a real jerk sometimes. And, um there were other women. I guess I just need to watch the whole movie instead of just the good parts. Mm-hmm. Maybe. And when one door closes, another one opens. Yeah? It's Lars. I've got your, uh, call sheet for Thursday. I'll leave it on the counter. If you don't want to do this nude scene... No. Um... I made a commitment. And if I want to be taken seriously, I need to do this. Okay. Fair enough. Can you stay with me on set? Yes. Every step of the way. Thanks. ♪ When I was a kid... ♪ Antihistamines? Yeah. Uh-huh. She's fine, but they had to shut down for the rest of the day. Christ. V3's gonna take a 200-grand hit on that. ♪ Wake up in the morning... ♪ What's your angle? You seem pretty eager to hit the eject button on Dr. Santino. Let's just say she's caused me some problems in the past. Ah. Looks like Cindy's doing your job for you. Once Connor gets wind of this mess, Dr. Dani won't be around much longer. ♪ I don't want to be... ♪ Excuse me. ♪ I'll save you from the monsters ♪ Nice pass, Rex. Good read. All right, switch it up. "Good read"? What about that superhero catch? What you need, like, an instant replay on a Jumbotron? He's just messing with your head. Stop showing him you care. That's easy for you to say. You're getting all the love out here. That's 'cause he knows I don't care. Don't fall for his mind games. Just let it go. Yeah, you're right. I'm just playing for a ring, planning for my future. Oh, speaking of which, I met with Connor McClane at V3. - You met with C-Mac? - Yeah. - No way. - You too? I signed with him. Three months now. Boy, they give you the hard sell, don't they? Yeah! You know, honeymoon's hot. It's like they want T.K. 10 times a day. Oh, I know. Tell me about it. Connor's already got me hooked up with Nike, Pepsi, Apple. What's he promising you? Machismo? Mm-hmm. Aftershave. - You ever heard of it? - Yeah. That's the cologne my granddad used to put on before he passed out in the alley. Well, they're taking a page out of Old Spice's playbook. You know, like, uh, old brand, sexy new image. And who better to bring sexy back than Terrence King? C-Mac, could you just give me something that I can sink my teeth into? - Like what? - Like... Look. Let me see that. Like this delicious, healthy, subway sandwich. Now this famous fan's favorite is the footlong buffalo chicken. I prefer mine with a little white bread and some jalapeños, 'cause it makes the hotness just that more hotter. All right. Stop. Stop. S-stop. First of all, you owe Bernstein 5 bucks for the footlong. Okay? Give it back. Secondly, you're acting with a capital "A." We -- we have a coach that'll help you. Acting? I eat this sandwich, like, three times a week. I'm a lean, mean, pitching machine. All right? I've never been in better shape. Terrence, come here. Now, remember when we talked about taking things slow? Why doesn't Rex have to take it slow? Rex Evans is the first openly gay player in league history. I mean, the guy's a walking milestone. Big brands came calling on their own. I can be gay. Nobody cares about "Gay, the sequel." But I can be the first alien -- gay alien! I could be like a gay-lien. T.K., you got to get real. I mean, you're radioactive until proven otherwise. Now, I've set you up with a dinner and golf with the Machismo execs, okay? You got to nail this meeting, okay? You got to nail it for me. You got it? Okay. Well, I'm-a make it shine like opening night on Broadway. Oh, yeah. Just, uh... Don't do that. Oh, whoa, whoa. What is all of this? Your I.D. and parking pass, log-in codes and passwords, your company phone -- already signed into your V3 e-mail account and integrated with your scheduler and contact list -- and, oh... ...your V3 credit card for expenses. I don't have any expenses. Get some, because with this puppy, you can buy anything you want. No limit. Last thing is your company car. Okay, Paloma, slow down! Whew! I like my car, I like my phone, and I like my e-mail address, okay? And what -- what is that? What's happening over there? Um, I knew you had a dinner with Connor tonight, and you need to dress for it. Thanks, Jen. Listen -- I might bend on coffee, but hopefully I won't need anybody to dress me, too. What's that? Prada, Marc Jacobs, Dolce & Gabbana. Walk toward the light. I -- or I can -- I can take them back to the fifth floor. But don't you want to look good for the boss? ♪ There she is ♪ ♪ Down the line ♪ ♪ I see her coming ♪ ♪ Right on time ♪ ♪ Purple dress ♪ ♪ Satin shoes ♪ ♪ Sea-blue eyes... ♪ Dr. Santino. Well, you look beautiful. Turning heads tonight. Even, uh, Chef Wu can't keep his eyes off you. I will take that compliment. So, you speak Chinese. It's actually -- it's Mandarin. We're opening an office in Shanghai, so I'm trying to learn. Red or white? Oh, business -- I don't drink. So, it was the hives that caused the shut down. Most expensive antihistamine in the history of cinema. I know. I'm sorry about that. But I think that Cindy and I are making some real progress. I didn't really ask you to dinner to talk about Cindy. I would like to know about Dr. Dani Santino. Mm. Well, I'm sure you've done your homework. And with Nico on your payroll, there's probably not much more to tell. No, I'd like to know what's not on the résumé -- like why you turned down the expense account, the car, the assistant. Clearly, you had no issues, uh, taking the wardrobe. Well, I'm not made of stone. But, uh, you know, I'm used to taking care of myself. Even caretakers need a little TLC. Well, it's not as easy as it sounds. Hmm. But I-I want to know about you. I want to know about Connor McClane. Ooh. I like how you did that. The little flip-flop Doc. Flippy-floppy doccy. Not much to say about me. I'm just, uh...I don't know. I run the world's biggest sports- and talent-management company. I'm worth a boatload of money. Uh, the end. That's an awesome story. Mm-hmm. Now, what about the stuff that I can't find on Wikipedia all by myself? All right. I was a middling student. Dysfunctional family. I was undiagnosed A.D.D. Uh, sort of weaseled my way into, um, University of Michigan on a tennis scholarship. I was friends with all the athletes. And there was this one athlete named Derek Smith, and he, um -- he wanted to forego the last few years of college and go right into the NBA, and so I sort of talked him into letting me rep him. Without any experience at all? Sports world thought he was nuts, but I had the last laugh because I negotiated the world's largest rookie contract. Ah. And then V3 was born. Beautiful V3. Yes, she is. Now, listen -- I believe in unconditional love for my clients and my employees. Let us show you some love. Santino, come on. Let V3 take care of you. What are the odds she's gonna show? Well, I talked to her about an hour ago, and Lars is picking her up personally to make sure she gets here on time. Good morning, everyone! Breakfast smoothies for everyone, fresh off the truck. Make that 20 minutes early. Kapow! Morning, Dr. Santino. Mr. Careles, is it? It is. You're in good spirits today. Oh, the best. Thanks to the good doctor here, I'm mentally and physically the best I've been in a while. Smoothies, you guys. Special treat for my crew. Well, that's a miraculous turnaround. Yep. What's the problem? I don't believe in miracles. Okay, first team, we're ready for you. Good. Quiet on the set, everybody. Rolling, rolling. Speed. Camera mark. And...action. I know what you're thinking, John. "She's afraid of all of this, of what we have together." But here's where you've got it wrong. Because I'm actually fearless. You see, this is where most women would get nervous, and they'd want the man to take control. Well, I'm not like most women. Cut. "Lars4eva." Who the hell is Lars?! Oh. He's my boyfriend. Seems Lars drove her home the other day. The drive turned into dinner, dinner into tattoos. They fell in love. How did you let this happen? Excuse me? Oh, I'm sorry. I thought I was clear that I'm a therapist and not a babysitter. Okay, therapy takes time. Can't just snap my fingers and get her back on the balance beam. Well, maybe we should find someone who can. Oh, so you're looking for a magician. Feel free to call ones who can pull a rabbit out of a hat, because that's not gonna help this girl, who clearly has a host of issues and probably shouldn't be doing this in the first place. All right, let's get the Jets and the Sharks on the same page here. Just got off the phone with the studio. Either Cindy shows up tomorrow, does the scene with no drama, other than what's supposed to be on the screen, or she's out. Nico, escort her home. Make sure she goes nowhere except for here tomorrow by her call time. Will do. I'm telling you, we should cut our losses. Yeah, and I'm telling you we don't shoot our wounded. ♪ That's why we fly so high ♪ ♪ We sit on top of the world ♪ ♪ We on top of the world ♪ Admit it, though. You let me win on the 18th hole today. - What? - No. You were one over par for the round. With a six handicap? Nobody likes a showoff, Todd. Connor McClane pushed hard to get you this meeting. We had some reservations about you. Well, like the sound of "had." Yeah. Well, the T.K. from the Sport-E Boost video scared us. But the T.K. sitting here right now... You're the breath of fresh air we need to revitalize the brand. But I -- you know, one piece of advice. Only thing that could make Machismo any more sexy is adding one extra ingredient. Me. Nobody doubts the sex appeal of Terrence King. They don't. Oh, excuse me. Uh, it's the office. Oh. Hey, man, handle your business. I understand, boy. I'm a busy man, too. I like that guy. You guys work hard, long hours. It's our slogan. Work hard, play harder. I understand that. Is T.K. up for some playing? Really? It's already been a long day. It's about to get longer. Ooh. Oh. A restraining order? Says I have to stay at least 100 feet away from him. That's all it says. Okay, well, why would Dylan file a restraining order? 'Cause he's crazy. He's trying to ruin my reputation. I can't believe he would do something like this. He's threatened me before, but this is just plain psycho. When the media gets ahold of this, I'm just gonna be an even bigger joke. I-I want Lars to come get me. Oh, oh, I don't think that Lars is the answer to anything right now. You said that when one door closes, another one opens. Well, the door opened, and Lars walked through. You made me realize that Dylan's all about euphoric recall. He's a jerk. I know that now. But Lars? He's different. He's kind. He's loving. Haven't you ever had that feeling, Dr. Santino, where you have something with another person and you can't describe it but it's undeniable? And you had to act on it or you'd just...burst. Not every impulse is a good one. I don't know what Dylan's capable of. Can I stay here? I don't want to be alone. Oh, um... There's a sofa in the family room. Thank you. You're awesome. Hey. What if Lindsay was home? You can't just offer up my sofa. I have rules. You know that. You also have a contract that says you're available 24/7 to V3 clients, if I'm not mistaken. Why don't you want me at V3? I just think there are better places for you. I'm sorry. I don't even know how to interpret that. Any way you like. Oh? Okay, so here's an interpretation for you. We're working together, whether you like it or not. And I need you to go get me some information about our client. Do you know somebody that can get us some coke? Yeah. At the bar. You know, you can go there and order it. I take mine with a twist of lime. But listen, I don't really think that...Todd would be okay with us doing that. Who cares? I'm his boss. Oh. And I have a room at the hotel next door. Okay. All right. Uh, Marcy... You know, this whole thing's getting kind of... Touchy-feely. Emphasis on the touchy. So I just think that, you know, it's better if we just say good night. Oh, say good night, say goodbye to Machismo and to V3, from what I'm told. Where is she? She is asleep on the sofa. What did you find out? She's right. Dylan's a jerk. But he's not exactly her ex. What does that mean? Are they still together? According to Dylan, he and Cindy have only been on three dates. He says they were never actually together in the first place. Oh, no. Oh, yes. It looks like our friend Buttons is a stalker. Oh. Doc, Doc, pick up. 911 Doc. Okay, I'm at this dinner that Connor set up for me to be the new fa-- Okay. Me again. Um, yeah, I'm at a dinner right now with a lady who wants to get high off snortsies and T.K. And I know in A.A. they said put principles before personalities, but she has got some serious personalities packed into that dress. I can't play football forever, Doc. I got to be smart about this. I got to think about my future. Good talk. Hey, that guy just took my purse. Hey! He stole my purse! Stop! Yo! Thief! Hey! Do we really have to do this now? My set call's not for six hours. I'd like to go home, shower. We really need to get your second therapy session in for the week. Well, this whole week's kind of been like a therapy session, don't you think? Listen -- I'll have Missy set us up something for this week, I promise. Cindy, I have to sign a piece of paper from the court, under oath, that you completed your sessions. I'm not gonna do it. So you're saying if I don't stay for my session, I'm going to jail? It's your choice. Terrence. What's up? Broccoli matcha smoothie? I'd rather drink the sweat from my gym sock. I'll take that as a no. I heard your, uh, dinner the other night was the Titanic, and you were the iceberg. Remember how I said I would do just about anything to get my reputation back? Mm-hmm. I lied. Marcy said you were difficult. Well, if "difficult" is Latin for "sexual assault," then, yes, because she was hunting, and T.K. was the prey. I'm proud of you, T.K. Proud? What do you -- I-I blew it. I mean, well, I didn't blow it, which is how I blew it. Marcy's a hard woman to say no to. I've sent a lot of clients to her, and I didn't hear from them for weeks. Honestly, I thought the same thing was gonna happen to you. So this whole thing was a test. Mm-hmm. And you passed with flying colors. Even though dinner was a complete disaster. Ah, forget about dinner. What happened afterwards -- that's the game changer. Look at this. That little heroic act of yours -- #gooddeeds. That photo got on the Internet and retweeted 147,000 times! That's right. The whole world loves you, superstar. So does Machismo. Hey, I pitched Marcy's boss "Do good, smell great." And she loved it. So we're in business. We're in business. Yeah. Good job, buddy. Oh, and, uh, you can see Dr. Santino again. How did you know that? It's my business to know... everything. What does love mean to you, Cindy? Really? We need to have this conversation right now? Can you answer the question? Love... is passionate... Intense... And you feel like you'll die without the other person. Is that how you felt about Dylan? Yes. Well, when we were together. How long were you together? A few weeks. We had three dates, but they were amazing. They were magical. We spent the night together. Okay, but after the third date, what happened? Started fighting a lot. He told me to stop calling. Mm-hmm. And did you text him also, even though he asked you to stop? Yes. But -- how many times? I don't know. I mean, how am I supposed to remember? Well, Dylan remembers. He said that you texted him 247 times and that you showed up in Paris uninvited when he was on vacation with friends. You talked to Dylan? Who are you? What? You're digging up dirt on me? You make me sound pathetic. Look, we had something. I know it. He was just too immature to accept it. Have there been others like Dylan that have started out passionate and intense and then ended suddenly and badly? Yeah, but so what? How many relationships have ended with you texting and calling even though they've asked you not to repeatedly, just like Dylan? All of them. Why do they always leave? Cindy, I think that you are exhibiting signs of something called love addiction. It's the constant craving and pursuit of romantic affection, usually to fill a void left from childhood, like from parental abandonment. What's so wrong with wanting to be in love? Nothing. Real love gives a person a sense of well-being. But for love addicts, relationships are usually unrealistic, self-destructive. They are intoxicated with the idea of love, so they create fantasies. Fantasies like... Dylan was meant to be with you or that he would be happy if you surprised him in Paris. Or that doing a nude scene would somehow make him want me back. Mm-hmm. Am I ever gonna have just a normal relationship? Listen. There are treatment programs for your addiction, just like any other. And we can work on a long-term plan together, if you're willing. I don't want to live like this anymore. Please help me. So I hear it went well on the set today. Hi. Uh, yeah. Cindy gave a beautiful performance. Mm. So, love addiction, huh? I'm gonna have to check into that. I might have a little touch of it myself. You spoke to Cindy. Yeah, and we booked her in an outpatient rehab, per your suggestion, and she agreed to continue to see you for her sessions, so thank you. Oh, please. Just doing what I do. You know, my first big negotiation was for $50 million. 22 years old. Oh. Want to know what I was negotiating at 22? Hmm? - Baby diapers. - Oh, yeah? Well, this was equally as scary. I was sitting in this restaurant. I'll never forget it. And I'm a scrappy little 22-year-old, and right across the table, there he was, the owner of the Yankees. I was so scared, I just wanted to run. I wanted to just run out and go to my car. Why do you think I was so scared? Because people are more afraid of success than they are failure. And you didn't think you deserved it. Exactly. So what are you gonna do, Santino? You gonna stay, or you gonna run to your car? Hi. I just wanted to say have a nice weekend. Thank you. You, too. See you on Monday? ♪ Let ♪ ♪ Let it all come rushing in ♪ - Yes, you will. Hey. Have you had a chance to check out the view at night? Uh, no, I haven't had a moment. Mm-hmm. Well... Come here. Take the moment, Santino. It's yours. So, you have something for me? Here's what I know so far. I tried to ease her out of the organization, but it looks like Dr. Santino's not going anywhere. Well, that's unfortunate. But silver lining -- you forged a bond with Troy Cutler. He trusts you now. That's good. I want assurances. That Dr. Santino won't get caught up in any of this. We'll do our best. Do better than that. If she gets hurt in any way, you do not want me as an enemy. == sync, corrected by elderman == Resync for WEB-DL by lost0ne www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 