Necessary Roughness: Season 2, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Necessary Roughness 
 s2e13 - Hits and Myths - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Necessary Roughness (2011–2013): Season 2, Episode 13 - Hits and Myths - full transcript 
 Dani treats two famous rockers and TK struggles to navigate team politics in a bid to get his old job back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Necessary Roughness... I'm sorry about your father. Daddy left me the team. Community service, huh? Been there. Nico, you keep that girl away from my son. I'm having trouble restarting my practice. It's a good idea that you see me. You ever think she's hitting it with somebody in the organization? My money's on Nico. Toes should be the guy on the sidelines 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 trying to get in the game, not me. Rip and dip. You're gonna tell me how to play football. All it took was a little dip, a little rip, get that extra step I needed, and the rest is history. Game on, dawg. Game on. Ladies and gentlemen, together for the first time in over a decade, please welcome Von Dozer! ♪ The day we met, there was no denying ♪ The myth of the rock God -- edgy, glamorous, larger-than-life. ♪ You looked so sweet, like a cherry soda ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The fact is whether we've chosen them or not, we all have our own myths to live up to. The question is, is it possible to shatter a myth, especially when you've started to believe it yourself? ♪ I knew that you would drive me crazy ♪ ♪ You taste like ♪ bitter sugar ♪ We do it all night ♪ Just like bitter sugar Whoa! Ohh. ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ the day we met, there was no denying ♪ ♪ I had to have you, i just couldn't resist ♪ ♪ you looked so sweet, like a cherry soda ♪ ♪ in high heels and a baby-doll dress ♪ Oh! Oh. Oh, yeah. What's up? What's that racket, Mom? Von Dozer -- the best band... ♪ Ever! Where are you off to so nicey-nicey? It's the first day of my new community service. You need a sports coat and a tie to pick up trash? Actually, I'm working for a charity now -- Hawks Cares. Since when? Since...Juliette Pittman hooked me up. Say what now? It's a great organization. Do you know how many of these kids get a solid meal every day because of them? Mom, I'll be gaining invaluable corporate experience in an air-conditioned environment. With Juliette Pittman. When are you gonna start trusting me? When you stop getting arrested! Gentlemen, our season is off to a great start, and as such, I've taken it upon myself to create an image worthy of that success. I give you... the new Hawk uniform, designed by Michael Kors. Bold, isn't it? The Oregon Ducks went fashion-forward, and they're making a statement, getting noticed, and moving merchandise in a big way. I also set up a photo shoot for the cover of a magazine that shall remain nameless, but let's just say it's big. I sold them on my idea to make football not just cool, but hot. She's like the freaking Weather channel. Everything's "hot." I think I quit. This wasn't supposed to happen. You promised is wouldn't happen. What -- you're not a fan of the red, white, and bling? Oh, come on. The league is never gonna approve those uniforms. And the photo shoot -- Nico, you and I both know that this is just the tip of the iceberg. This is just gonna play itself out. Trust me. She's gonna find something more exciting to do -- get bored. Why? 'Cause that's what women do? No, that's what Juliette does. Look, I am trying to run a team. She just lost her father. Have some compassion. So, Von Dozer. David, Paul, welcome. Tell me why you are here today. I think Paul reminds me of my dad, and I'm transferring the resentment I have for dear old dickhead on to him. No, the problem is you drink too much. You're chronically late. When you do show up, you're distracted, hung over, and more concerned about getting laid than playing music. Sounds like rock 'n' roll, don't you think, Dr. Santino? Here's what I know -- uh, you two grew up together, formed Von Dozer while still in high school, four platinum records, sold-out stadiums. And while other band members have come and gone, you two have been the ones to stay together, until 10 years ago, when you broke up. And if I understand correctly, you haven't spoken much since. Do I smell a Doze-head? Let's just say that I am... familiar with your work. What made you decide to do this reunion tour? The cash -- we need it. Yeah, well, after what you pulled last week, two other venues already canceled, not to mention the three pending lawsuits. So we're losing cash, not making it. Ruh-roh! I have two children at home. I don't need another one -- who's out of control! -- as my business partner. Let me tell you something. People come to see our band because I'm out of control! I am the show, dude. They come in spite of you, dude, for the music -- most of which, I've written. Okay, obviously there is some unresolved anger between you, but are you both committed to doing this tour and to working on the relationship? I'm here, aren't I? Dr. Santino, please help us get through this tour without killing each other. ♪ Baby, work your magic on me ♪ Necessary Roughness 2x13 ♪ Hits and Myths Original Air Date on January 30, 2013 == sync, corrected by elderman == Oh! Aah! Nico. I thought we were done with that move. Sorry. No. We need to talk. Uh, is it T.K.? No. About us. Oh. Well, I thought that, um -- I thought we were done with that move, too. Not quite. Wha...? So, I am officially defrosted. I gave little dude a proper fish burial, office back up and running -- smooth sailing, yep, yep, yep. And yet here you are. Yep. That little foot just twitching away, indicating you would like to talk to me about something. But you're... stalling. Yeah. I have been having dreams about a co-worker. Matt or Nico? I happen to have a lot of co-workers, so I don't know what would make you -- Nico. And the nature of these dreams? Sexual. Were they satisfying or not? They were pretty darn satisfying. Okay. I realize that sex dreams are not about...sex, but I can't figure out what the connection is between all of them. The last one was actually a scene from a little movie called "Titanic." You know, when they're in the cargo hold and they're in the car and it's super-steamy and the -- Was Kate Kinslet in it? Hmm? DiCaprio? Everybody dies or you die? No. Dr. Gunner, it, uh -- it was just the sex. It was just the sex with a man that I should never, ever have sex with. Juliette. Wherefore art thou, Juliette? I think somebody boo-booed. Oh, no, that's the right costume. You'll understand when you see the whole layout. I'm in a onesie. It looks fantastic. Uh, it's all good 'cause I was thinking we could, you know, just crop it right here anyway 'cause this is where the money is, you know? Oh! Well, I hope you brought extra cameras 'cause that mug's apt to crack some lenses. Hey. Hi. Hey, there. Tell me Toes is lost. No, it's all three of us -- me and my two star wide receivers. Come here. Step into my office. Why does Toes get pinstripes, and I get pen stripes? Well, everyone has an image. Toes is our gentleman, and you're our bad boy. And I'm the girl caught in the middle. Okay, I smell what you're cooking, but I'm ordering off the menu, okay? The bad-boy myth -- not my bag anymore. Oh, okay. I understand. I don't want you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. That's cool. All right, what are my options? Your options are... to leave. Excuse me. I thought you -- you... I want to stomp a hole in his face. I want to put my toes up Toes' ass. Okay, but what you should do is... I know -- breathe, relax, work diligently to regain my spot. Yeah. Don't let Toes or Juliette distract you from that. That's great in theory. It's just that I'm trying to fly -- trying to reinvent myself, and Juliette Pittman is literally holding me back with a ball and chain. God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change... ...the courage to change the things that I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. Yeah, I'm thinking about getting it tattooed across my forehead. Terrence, don't tell everybody what a new man you are. Show them. Hello. Ohh! What do you got to be so sneaky for all the time? When I was a kid, I was always the best at hide-and-seek. I'll bet you were. Are you aware that Juliette Pittman has offered Ray Jay a position at Hawks Cares for his community service? Hmm. I am now. I take it you don't like this. Juliette Pittman isn't exactly Mother Teresa. Dani, she has a good heart. She's just young. Well, it's not her heart that I'm worried about. I'll keep an eye on him. I promise. Thank you. Place looks a lot smaller now. Maybe you just got bigger. Yeah. So you brought us here because... Well, if my fan-club memory serves me, the Round About is where it all began for Von Dozer. Sometimes it's good to remember where you came from in order to figure out where you're going. Oh! I cannot believe this! Is that David Blaize all grown up? Hey, Paul, how you doing? Good. Yeah? Holy hell, dirty Doug. How's it hanging, man? Well, it ain't -- not without medication. What's it been -- 15 years now? So, what the hell you doing here? I mean, you should have called. I could have packed the place. There's only 25 people here. Well, it's about 25 more than when we gigged here the first time, right? You here to jam? Hey, Doc, how you feel about your own private concert? Me? Awesome! A bottle of your finest bubbly, please. Make that two. Actually, I-I'll have bubbly...water. Oh, you're doing that? Yeah. Fresh out of rehab. I went to rehab. You get the best drugs there. Kidding. Sort of. Yeah, I'm just trying to stick with the program, you know, uh, reinvent myself. So you didn't bring me here to get me drunk, naked, and X-rated? Unfortunately, no. Um... The first year of the program, you know, you have to lock the booze away, put the booty on layaway. Good. I have such a terrible habit of just jumping into bed with guys and having wild, orgazmo, toe-curling, make-you-want-to-cry sex. Frankly, I'm relieved. To being friends. Amigos. So, why are we here? First of all, I just wanted to apologize for overreacting at the shoot. I have a certain persona, and I know that you were just rolling with that. But I'm trying to get rid of the myth of T.K. the terrible, you know? Emerge from the chrysalis a new butterfly, if you will. Oh, right. Well, I'm trying to emerge from the hot mess of this to the triumphant team owner. Prove to the old guys that I can do it. Tell you what -- you support my metamorphosis, I'll support yours, to the team and anybody else who dares question you. I scratch your back, you scratch mine? All those hard-to-reach places. But with clothes on. ♪ You taste like ♪ bitter sugar ♪ We're doing all right ♪ just like bitter suga-a-a-r come on! ♪ Let me fix ya All right! Thank you. It's great to be back where it all started for us. Von Dozer! Whoo! Thank you. I will, uh, add these to my collection. Do you know "You Should Be Mine"? Oh, yeah. E-flat. Now we'd like to do a song that's probably won us more awards than any other, but one we very rarely play live. There's a time for everything. David. What are you doing? Don't do this, man. There's like nine people here, bro. Play the song. ♪ I keep looking for my life ♪ in my eyes, it has been stolen ♪ ♪ all the days that pass me by ♪ keep my sight ♪ clear as the light ♪ sometimes it's hard to find the meaning ♪ ♪ in a world that's running out of time ♪ Screw you, David! ♪ give me a sign ♪ 'cause I may lose my way ♪ but I'm standing here to say ♪ that you should be mi-i-i-ne Here we are... just the two of us. Romantic music playing. Dr. Santino... Are you trying to seduce me? I-I hadn't thought of it. I wish you would. Really? Oh! Oh! You know this isn't a sex dream, right? I do know, and I don't care. What's happening right now between the two of you is not about sex. It won't be if you keep interrupting. My point is... there's more meaning behind this whole thing. Why? Why can't I just have fun? Why does everything have to mean something? Why can't my sex dream just be about sex?! Fine. What's it about? About wanting what you can't have. Ooh! No, no, no, no, no! Don't go! That doesn't mean go! No! I... Okay. But...where'd everybody go? How am I supposed to have a sex dream with no sex?! O-o-okay, so in the latest dream, the sex was with Matt in "The Graduate." No. No, no, no. It -- it was still with Nico, but... that's the point. I...was Mrs. Robinson, and Nico represented what I can't have, or shouldn't have. And Matt... Well, I can't have Matt anymore anyway. Or shouldn't have, right? It was Matt who told you this was about wanting what you can't have, correct? Damn it! And since you are the author of your dreams, who did Matt represent? Me. So you think it's all about wanting what you can't have. So, Danielle, what is it you feel you can't have? Break! Break! Break! Hello, coach. Hey. Um, so, I've made a decision, and I would like... First you take my advice, then you take credit for my advice, and then you take my spotlight. Got to learn how to give, son. You give, and you shall receive. Well, seeing as that I'm the number-one receiver on this team, I don't think I'm the one that needs lessons. Thank you. First-team offense, let's go! Not you, son. Uh, I need T.K. out there. Uh, what the hell? Our illustrious owner has moved T.K. to number one. All right, come on, come on! Let's go! Let's go! Hey, Mr. Harper. Yeah, this is Ray Jay Santino here from Hawks Cares. How you doing today? Yeah, I'm doing well, thank you. Yeah, we were just hoping to count on you to match last year's donation of $1,000. Mr. Harper? Hello, Ray Jay. You enjoying the job? My mom sent you here to check up on me, didn't she? What should I tell her? Tell her everything's going great and that I have a real future here. And that Juliette's teaching me a ton of things that I didn't know about. Yeah, leave out that last part. Smart. ♪ But I'm standing here to say ♪ ♪ that you should be mi-i-i-i-ne ♪ Tell me about this song. There's all types of myths about it -- that you wouldn't play it live because it was about David's ex-fiancée. Which one? Or David's drug problem? Whoa, I didn't have a problem. I did drugs, like every other rocker, um, including someone else in this room, who's suddenly a freaking monk. I'm not a monk. I'm a parent with responsibilities now, David. I'm sorry if that pisses you off! David...uh, this was the only song that you wrote solo, right? You really are a fan. Tell me what this song's about. It's about Willa, my wife. Ah. Paul, brother, we've been over this. It's not about her, you narcissistic -- Me?! You haven't changed since you were 17! When are you gonna grow up?! So I can be a... soccer dad like you?! Uh, sport some sweet Dockers and maybe do a little backyard composting with the kids?! Okay, hey, guys. No amount of money is worth this. Uh, so, are you gonna bail like you did the first time? I didn't bail on the band! You gave me no choice! You were high and drunk all the time, and we couldn't write a song to save our lives! So I decided to save my life and get out before it got sad. But you know what? It got sad anyway. What did you do -- clean her dog's dingleberries? With tweezers. You know, I didn't know I had to learn how to play football on a mattress. Oh, wow. You might need to learn how to play football, period, there, turf toe. 'Cause then you could see that speed is deadly. Check this out. So fast, you didn't see me bitch-slap you. Spin it however you want. We all know you didn't earn it. You can't just switch positions like you're changing clothes. It undermines front office and coaching staff. Not to mention it damages team morale. Especially when you do it on the field, publicly. Look, we'd respectfully ask you not to mingle with the personnel. They're my personnel. I will mingle with them however I see fit. I own this team. I'm sorry if you don't agree with my decisions. Perhaps this isn't the place for you -- any of you. Compassion, was it? Yeah. Yeah, maybe she just needs a hug. "I keep looking for my life. In my eyes, it has been stolen." David. What is it that you think was stolen from you? Okay. You want real? Here it is. The song isn't about Willa, his wife. It's about his son, Dillon. Except... I think Dillon's my son. I didn't want to destroy their happiness, so I never said a word. And yet, every day since... you have destroyed your own. You're not surprised by any of this? One thing I can tell you... Paul sure as hell will be when I finally tell him. Oh! T.K.! You made it! Listen, uh, you didn't return my texts. What -- I hit you back. To tell me to meet you at a bar, which is the last place I'm trying to be right now. Okay, you can't keep doing what you're doing because my team thinks I'm kissing your ass. And what's wrong with that? You got what you wanted, right? Back on the field. I want it the right way. Hard work is so overrated. Maybe for you, but I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth. I'm just trying to get you to relax, have some fun. I'm having fun! I'm -- this is me having fun. I'm the conductor on the fun train. Whoo-whoo! Uh-huh. Right, T.K. Do you want some advice from someone who's been there? I know you're trying to change your image, but don't throw the old T.K. out with the bathwater. You are a extremely dynamic and... Really sexy. ...really sexy man. And you don't want to trade that in for a lesser model. Just fine-tune it a bit. Rotate the tires. Put a little oil in your engine. Vroom! And take your foot off the emergency brake. You're like me, T.K. -- passionate, intense. If we don't blow off some steam, we'll go insane in the membrane. You know what -- screw it, yeah. Who wants to do shots off my abs? Whoo! It's spring break up in here! Yeah, yeah! I know you think this song is about Willa and me. But...it isn't. I think Dillon is mine. No. He's not. Dude. I know it must be hard for you to hear, but basic math tells me -- David. You're right. Dillon is not my son. But he's not yours, either. You know, I knew you slept with Willa, so I checked. I did an online DNA test. It wasn't hard. You're like a big damn dog. You shed your hair all over the place. Then whose son is he? Some roadie. He split. Look, I raised him. I'm his dad. So... where do we go from here, gentlemen? This is basural. I'm cleaner than a Brazilian bikini wax. Well, then, it shouldn't be a problem. It's a problem 'cause I'm offended. Were you out partying last night? Somebody told you that? Were you or were you not out in a club with Juliette Pittman? Juliette Pittman told you that? It wasn't Juliette. This foot-fungus-having mother... Toes is a liar! Well, then, take the test, which you're contractually obligated to do. Take it. Pass it. Let's get out of here. You shouldn't listen to rumors, Matty "D." Come on. Rumors can be helpful, "T." Lets you know what's going on behind your back. You got something to ask me, Matt? You have something to tell me, Nico? No. Hey. Is David here? No. Come in. He didn't show up for sound check. Concert's tomorrow. I have no idea where the guy is. What happened after you left here? He got real quiet. Didn't want to talk. So I-I just let it be. And then an hour ago, get this message. Hey, buddy. How's it going? Personally, I'm going to hell. Don't think I'll make it over. I just want you to know I'm sorry, Paul. I'm so damn sorry. He's never done that before -- apologized. Do you have a way of tracking him down? Let's start with the obvious. Come on. What's up, Terrence? You have a good time last night, bro? You scared? What -- of you? Hmm? That's why you snitched. This isn't the hood, T.K. I didn't snitch. I went to the management about a concern regarding a co-worker. Just being a gentleman. No, you're being a liar. Ah, see, if you see an addict falling off the wagon, it's not really lying. It is when you know I didn't touch a sip of alcohol last night. Look, I get it. Being an addict, that is not your fault. It's -- it's hereditary, right? So, we should just blame your crackhead mama. Oh, man, don't be mad at me, T.K. Be mad at your mama, man! She the one that left your ass in the trash! Stay by the car, and I'll check inside. Yo! Jesus. Did somebody lose a middle-aged rock star? Come on, man! It's gonna be all right. Just come down. Whoopsie! Whoo! That would have hurt. David, look, I know you're upset. Just come down, and let's talk. Less talk, more rock, baby. Whoa! Come on, buddy. Just -- just come on down. Okay. I'm coming down. Oh, my God! Oh, crap. That hurts. Ohh! You crazy son of a bitch! I thought you were dead. Unfortunately, no. That -- that was a bad idea. Not your first one. Don't move, okay, because you might have broken something. Go call 911. I'm fine. Oh, oh, oh. Sort of. David, what were you thinking? I wanted to...to go out in a David Blaize of glory, like Hendrix and Morrison and Joplin. I can't even do that right. All these years... I told myself this story -- that Dillon was my kid, that Paul stole my life. Thinking I had a kid out there made me feel like I had something. After all these years, I got nothing. But, David, you are still wildly talented. You are still filled with possibilities. And it's time for you to invest in that story. Paramedics are on their way. I'm fine. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, maybe I should kick your ass! You scared the hell out of me! You couldn't kick my ass if you tried. I can and I have. Senior year -- after prom. That whole thing with Deb Florentine. Oh, yeah, she was wearing that smoking-hot dress. Yeah, she was also my date. You're such a son of a bitch. I know. I know. I know. Matt, please, please take me with you. No. I'm going to my office, where I can find some peace. Can't you understand that? No! I only know that I love you! Well, that's your problem. Matt, Matt! But, Matt, where will I go? What will I do? Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. My dreams -- they're all movie reenactments. What the heck is that about? Um, you know, movies are the modern-day myth. They're the campfires we gather around to pass along legends. But tell me this. What do these particular movies all have in common -- "Titanic," "Graduate," "Gone With the Wind"? They're all... love stories. Yeah, and? They're all tragic love stories. So, Danielle, do you believe in happily ever after? For me? I'm not so sure. What the hell happened to the serenity prayer? I had the courage to rearrange Toe's face. Serious question. How many chances do you expect me to keep giving you? Look, I'm sorry -- Yeah, you sure as hell are sorry. Toes calls my mother a crack whore. I'm just supposed to smile and take that? You punched him in the face. You know, if you want people to stop treating you like a problem child, stop causing problems. And stop being a child. Then where would I be? You'd be playing this Sunday! Instead, you're benched, again. I see it really doesn't matter what I say or what I do. You're just gonna keep seeing me for the person that I was, not the guy I'm trying really hard to be. What are we celebrating? Tuesday. Oh. Oh. I feel a lecture coming on. I'm gonna be brief. Yes. Definitely a lecture. Just a little something about your dad -- the uber-competitive Marshall Pittman. It didn't matter whether he was watching or playing, he loved games. More than humans. Perhaps, but what he came to realize was... Football may be a game, but managing people -- real people -- that definitely is not. Is this about T.K. going Ali on Toes? Look, football players need aggression. Happy players don't win games. Juliette, if you want to destroy your own life, that's your choice. But being the owner of a team, people depend on you. You think about that next time you make a decision. Think hard. What's that supposed to mean? Grow up. You're not my father, Nico! All these years -- acting like my great protector. I know about you and my mother. I had a very complicated relationship with your parents. I cared about both of them. And I care very much about you. Now you work for me. Maybe you need to think hard about that. Hey, whose ready to rock! You want to come out there with us -- sing some backup? Oh! You clearly know all the songs. You guys don't want to hear me sing. Dude, you smell like whiskey. Cologne, man! Okay, one drink. One. Rome wasn't built in a day. Shall we rock the house, my good man? We shall! Ladies and gentlemen, Von Dozer! ♪ oh ♪ Go ♪ go on ♪ take me ♪ for a ride You're here kind of late. And dressed to rock. I was at a concert. Hmm. And, uh, Ray Jay texted me, said that he was working late, and I was curious. He is...working late. So I don't have anything to worry about? I didn't say that. He has a crush on her. But does she have a crush on him back? Only in his dreams. As long as they stay there. ♪ Yeah, I believe ♪ in the other Anything going on? Nothing's going on, Donnally... with Dani and me. And Juliette? She's got to go. == sync, corrected by elderman == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 