Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee 
 s2e5 - Really?! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee (2012–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Really?! - full transcript 
 Jerry drives Seth Meyers in Jerry's personal 1973 Porsche 911 Carrera RS to the Roebling Tea Room in Brooklyn NY. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ripped by antsh What if, at just the right time... ...just the right people made just the right thing? What if it came out so right that no matter how hard anybody tried... ...they couldn't quite make a thing that was better than that thing? It doesn't happen much... ...but the 1973 Porsche 911 Carrera RS... ...is one of those things. It was the first time a car company put a race car into production. Altogether, they made 1580 examples... ...they had thinner glass, thinner metal... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...the very first aerodynamic spoiler ever put on any car sold to the public. It has a 210-horsepower flat-6 engine... ...and all of these numbers mean nothing. You can ask anybody that's ever driven one. There's something about this car that feels perfect. -Hello? -Seth Meyers? -Jerry Seinfeld? -That's correct. We had talked about having some coffee. What do you think? I would never say no to coffee with you. That is what I like to hear. Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld... ...and this is Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee. Today my guest is the host of Weekend Update on Saturday Night Live... ...and the new host of Late Night with Seth Meyers, Seth Meyers. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nice to see you. I'm excited for the reveal of what car we're driving. Well, it's a dead-guy car. I bought it from a dead guy... ...and it's not getting sold again until I'm dead. This car doesn't change hands without somebody dying. -Why did I pick this car for you? -Why? -This car is no-nonsense. -Perfect. So you, Adam Sandler and Sarah Silverman... ...are all from the same part of New Hampshire? -Yeah. -Seth, Sarah and Sandler, same area. It's insane. When I was in high school, Sandler first started coming up. I remember thinking, "I can't believe a guy from my town is on SNL." Then when I was in college, Sarah was on, and I was like: "I can't believe two people--" You think, "There are not gonna be three." -So, what year were you born? -Seventy-three. -And this car is a '73. -That's pretty exciting. -When I told you it was a '73, it didn't--? -Nothing. Wow, that is really a special kind of "out of it." -That ever appeal to you, motorcycles? -Yes. That's like the cigarette of transportation for me. The downside is-- Far outweighs whatever upside.... -How many cars do you have? -An amount that... ...if you looked at it, you would not go, "Well, that makes sense." I get that. The summer stresses me out. Because everybody gets so excited about the summer and I kind of just don't get it. People are like, "How can you be inside all day?" Whereas I wanna say, like, "Everything I wanna do is inside." If you give someone a 50, it's a big thing now... ...where they check it quite a bit. And it's like, "Well, I used it. Why can't you use it?" We're all just kind of going along with this "paper has value" scam. -Right? -Yes. Why don't we just go along with it? Why are you stopping me? We were doing this show at the Chicago Improv Festival... ...and so that's how SNL first saw me. -Tell me about that phone call. -Somebody I knew said "SNL called... ...and they want you to send an audition tape." I remember being flattered, but thinking that would be the end of the anecdote. I always thought the end of it would be, "That was the day... ...SNL gave me their address." -How many years have you been there? -Finished my 12th season. -Holy cow. -I know. There have been a few people on the show Lorne has let me tell we're hiring. -Taran Killam, who's a cast member. -Yeah. I was flying to L.A., and Taran was on my flight. I was in business class and he was in coach. And I walked back and I told him, I'm like, "Just five years. Wait five years, and then you'll be in business class." -Except that's not really true either. -It's not true at all. I don't really wanna leave my car here. I don't like this spot, in front of this... ...pickup with a bullet hole in the windshield. It'll be watched over by this skull-faced woman on the horse. Know how unhappy this makes a guy like me? I'm delighted to see it firsthand. -That seem low? -Shouldn't be touching the ground. -Now, I'm not a car guy. -But even you.... -I would love a coffee. -I would love a coffee. -Two Americanos? -Perfect for me. I'll try the French press. We crossed paths at SNL... -...when you came to do Really!?!, right? -Yeah. Which was the most fun thing I've ever done on that show. The story revealed details about Massa... ...and brings us to a segment we like to call, Really!?! With Seth & Jerry. I remember being on the phone with you and pitching: "Think you wanna do a Really!?!"? Remember what you said? Yeah, I said, "I think I can. In fact, I think I invented it." And Eric, when you finally admitted you groped a male staffer... ...you insisted it was just during a tickle fight. Really? I've always heard that the political matrix... ...of that show is extremely difficult to navigate. Politically, I'm at the top of the show. Maybe that's why I think it's not political. The way the president is like, "No, I think this is as well as it could run." How often do you have to do charity events? Let me explain to you about charity events. There are people that would say... ...that your whole career is an act of charity. That you devote yourself to this somewhat painful existence... ...to make the world a little brighter. First time my friends see me do standup, they talk about how nervous they are. When they see how minimal it is. It's like, "Oh, he's gonna talk for an hour." Now, that's what I think every time I walk out. My last thought is I'm like, "An hour." It's like that thing of remembering at the last minute how far the jump is. Kind of like, "What if I'm at Macy's and get diarrhea, what will I do?" -Right. -You find that doesn't happen that often. -Shouldn't plan your life around it. -No, exactly. Shouldn't go through life wearing an adult diaper just in case... ...you get diarrhea at Macy's. So you'll take some jokes from Update or...? I close with jokes we've cut from Update because of NBC censors. -But they're killers. -As Rodney Dangerfield used to say: "The killers are wanted in all 50 states." I met Don Rickles for the first time. He was sitting at a table alone. And I was like, "I love him. I gotta say hi." -Right. -I knelt down and I was like: "My name's Seth Meyers, I'm a huge fan." He's drinking coffee, looks at me... ...rolled his eyes, took a sip of his coffee... ...then said, "Give me a second, I'm not usually this excited to meet someone." He said, "Sorry to hear Saturday Night Live got canceled." I go, "It didn't." He goes, "A guy can dream." -Did you see Liberace on Sunday night? -Yeah. Did you see that thing, that he sold out Radio City 56 nights? Fred Armisen, from our show, was an usher at Radio City for those 50 shows. How crazy is that? But he told me that the first night, Liberace was like: "There's a couple here who have been married 50 years. -They met at a show of mine." -Oh, no, I know what's coming. Did it every night. Place would go crazy. But that is that experience of happiness. -Like, why not? -Where's the victim? -Where's the victim? -Yeah. Like, it's all not true. There are people who think that was a rip-off... ...but I think that's the most wonderful part of the experience. -My dad is a great storyteller. -What does he do? -He's just in finance. -A funny guy in finance. My mom-- When he's trying to tell a story, like, her interjections... ...and the amount.... I've seen my dad do this, like: It's like Kobe Bryant threads a bounce pass to a lesser player. -Yeah. -He's just constantly like: Like, "I'm better than this." And they are desperately in love with one another... ...but yet she cannot help but interrupt him. It would be like if somebody loved violin... ...and while the violinist was playing, kept walking out, going, "How great is this?" It's the best. My first four years on the show were rocky. Like, "Oh, I might be, of everybody here, the worst one. I might be the worst at impressions, I might be the worst at accents. Maybe I should just be a writer on the show. Maybe I don't belong in this cast." I remember, my third year, my dad said: "I feel like what you need to break out is a couple more characters." And I remember saying to him, like, "You've done a very good job... ...of being a tough, honest critic with me. I no longer need it. So you have to shift from what you've been doing... ...to a completely different role of support." A great thing my mom did when I started on the show... ...she made a highlight reel of my time on the show. But if I had one line in a scene as a waiter, she'd just cut that out. She'd go to people, "Have you seen Seth on SNL?" It'd jump-cut... ...to me being, "Here, your dinner," then it would cut out. Then it'd be me dressed in a bear suit, then cut out of that. I was like, "I think this is less of a highlight reel, this is more like a receipt." My girlfriend and I got an Italian greyhound. -These little dogs. -I know those. I grew up with Old English sheepdogs, Great Pyrenees. Big, outdoor New Hampshire dogs. I've turned into a guy... -...who walks a dog who wears a sweater. -I feel like, before you get a dog... ...someone should take a pyramid of Alpo cans... ...and a pyramid of dog **** and put the dog in the middle. Now, what we're gonna do is you're gonna buy all this... -...and turn it into this. -Right. -Do you still wanna do this? -Right. We feed it, like, the best dog food. There are times where I'm like, "I would eat this." Only two things would have to go wrong in my day. -You got the greyhound as a puppy? -Yeah. You know, they have rescues with those, because of the racing. We didn't do that. We did everything wrong. The day we bought it, we ran into Martha Stewart. -She was like, "Where did you get it?" -Oh, God. And I just lied to her face. Said, "we got it from a breeder." She was like, "Oh, where?" I was like, "Missouri." I was trying to think, "What is the state... ...Martha Stewart is least likely to know dog breeders?" Missouri. So, what will you miss most about SNL? I wrote a lot of stuff that we filmed, like the digital shorts. By the way, the digital part of a digital short... ...is this some technology that is not accessible to the rest of us? Digital? Hold on a second. I'm still shooting 8 mm here. -What's this thing? -It's one of those Acura food trucks. So how new are the tires on a car this age? You don't go by mileage with tires, you go by age. -But how often do you change them? -Every five years. -And how long have you owned this car? -About five years. See, it's got quite a bit of power... ...and it's really light. -Does that make you nervous? -A little, yeah. Someone told me a story the other day. They were driving in the city... ...and there was this car just driving completely crazy... ...just swooping across like three lanes and then back... ...and just making turns. Guy was like, "What is going on with this person?" So he pulls up alongside at a light... ...and it's a middle-aged Asian woman. And he says to her, "What are you doing?" And she goes, "I don't know." She just told him the truth. The truth ends every conversation. Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee will be right back... ...after this brief word from our sponsor. I didn't bring any money. I left the money in the car. -You have any money? -Yeah. -Thank you. -I apologize for the.... Oh, yeah, no, you seem broken up. Thank you. Why am I thanking you? I bought you lunch. -How much tip did you--? -A good one. -Show-business good? -It was show-business good. Okay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 