Red Dwarf: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Red Dwarf 
 s1e5 - Confidence & Paranoia - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Red Dwarf (1988–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Confidence & Paranoia - full transcript 
 Lister falls ill after entering a contaminated area of Red Dwarf trying to find Kochanski's hologram disc which Rimmer has hidden. But Red Dwarf has two unwelcome guests on-board, Lister's Confidence and Paranoia. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is an 505 distress call from the mining ship Red Dwarf. The crew are dead killed by a radiation leak. The only survivors were Dave Lister, who was in suspended animation during the disaster, and his pregnant cat, who was safely sealed in the hold. Revived three million years later, Lister's only companions are a life form who evolved from his cat and Arnold Rimmer, a hologram simulation of one of the dead crew. We have been travelling through the galaxy now for three million years. And there are many things we've discovered. The highest form of life in the universe is man, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and the lowest is a man who works for the post office. Oh, Jim, weren't you the one who said we have to seize our moments because they may never come again? Don't you see, you crazy fool? This is our moment, right here and now. Let's seize it together. But, darling, I 'm dying! I know, Carol. Dr Graham told me everything. - Busy, are you, Dave? - Hol, I'm watching the film! I just wondered if you were a bit bored. No, no. I'm watching the film. - You're not bored then? - No. Go away! But, darling, I 'm dying! I know, Carol. Dr Graham told me everything. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've just finished reading everything. I 've now read everything that's ever been written anywhere by anyone ever. Will you go away? You know what the worst book ever written ever was? I don't care! Football: It's A Funny Old Game by Kevin Keegan. Holly, will you let me watch the film? I'm at a loose end now. I don 't know what to do with meself. Holly, why don't you just read everything all over again? I was thinking it might help pass the time if I created a perfectly functioning replica of a woman, capable of independent decision-making and abstract thought, and absolutely undetectable from the real thing. - Why don't you? - 'Cause I don 't know how. I wouldn't even know how to make the nose. Holly, is there something that you want? Well, only if you 're not busy. Would you mind erasing some of my memory bank? What for? Well, if you erase all the Agatha Christie novels from my memory bank, I can read them again tonight. How do I do it? Just type in ”Hol-mem'j password ”0 verria'e”. Then, ”Novels, Christie, Agatha. ” Then press erase. - I've done it. - Done what? - Erased Agatha Christie. - Who's she, then? Hol, you just asked me to erase all Agatha Christie novels from your memory. Why should I do that? I've never heard of her. You've never heard of her 'cause I've just erased her from your smegging memory. - What did you do that for? - You asked me to! - When? - Just now! I don 't remember this. Oh! I'm going to bed. This is going to go on all night. I 'm dying! I know, Carol. Dr Graham told me everything. Off! Had a good day, Lister? Scrummed enough choccies? Watched enough drivel, have you? Look at you. You're turning into a sad, middle-aged woman. Next thing you know, you'll be varnishing your nails and buying girdles. Oh, yeah, and what have you done that's so great? I've achieved 17 things today off my daily goal list, whereas you've never achieved anything ever in your entire life. Don't know, you know, I went up the officers' block. - When? - This morning. But it hasn't been decontaminated! You said it had last week! No. I said it was on last Thursday's daily goal list! And you haven't done it yet? Tomorrow. It's on tomorrow's daily goal list. Item 34, right after learn Portuguese. Thanks a lot. Don't tell me. Why were you mooching around up there, anyway? I was looking through Kochanski's dream recorder. She dreamt about me three times, you know. It was in the log. 50? Clean my teeth, please, Holly. It must mean something. You don't dream about someone that you don't feel something for. Lister, I once had a dream about a baboon. It doesn't mean I want to go to bed with it. - Must mean something. - Shave, please, Holly. Lister, you ought to take a good long look at yourself, then you'd see just how ridiculous you appear to other people. If you get me Kochanski's personality disc for, like, one second, maybe I could find out. Lister, if you were a Love Celibate like me, you wouldn't have these problems. Come on, Rimmer, the only reason you knocked around with those prats from the Love Celibacy Society is you could never get a date. No, it wasn't. I happen to agree with their philosophy that love is a sickness that holds back your career, and makes you want to spend all your money. And you could never get a date 'cause you let your mum buy all your casual clothes. There was nothing wrong with my casual clothes. Oh, come on, Rimmer, your trousers were so short, when you crossed your legs, you could see your knees. What about Yvonne McGruder? That was a date. She'd been hit on the head by a winch. She had concussion. That's got nothing to do with it! She was crazy about me! Oh, yeah. She kept calling you Norman. She still went to bed with me. Yeah, because she had wonky vision and she thought you were somebody else. Well, it serves her right for being concussed, doesn't it? - Rimmer! You don't know what love is. - Oh, yes, I do, Lister. Love is a device invented by bank managers to make us overdrawn. Lights. Rimmer, love is... Love is what makes us different from animals. No, Lister. What makes us different from animals is we don't use our tongues to clean our own genitals. Lights! Rimmer, are you awake? Rimmer, are you awake? What? Yes, Mum. I'm just packing my satchel. - Where am I? What time is it? - I don't feel very well. - Half past 3:00? - I feel really ill. - Well, you are really ill. - No, I mean really ill. I'm going down to the medical unit. I don't feel very well. Lights. Ah, Ms McGruder, where were we? I feel really hot. And this is mine. That's mine. All this is mine. I'm claiming all this as mine. Except for that bit. I don't want that bit. But all the rest of this is mine. Hey, this has been a good day. I've eaten five times, I've slept six times and I've made a lot of things mine. Tomorrow, I'm gonna see if I can have sex with something. Oh! Yeah! ♪ S-E-X, you know I want it! ♪ S-E-x I'm gonna get it! Yeah! ♪ S-E-X, I think I found it! Yeah ♪ Oh, it's you! Hey, monkey, you're sick. Sick, helpless and unconscious. If you weren't my friend, I'd steal your shoes. Time for a snack. This way. Ow! Emergency. There '5 an emergency going on. It's still going on. And it's still an emergency. Will Arnold Rimmer please hurry to White Corridor 759? This is an emergency announcement. Food! Today's speciality is Chicken Marengo- #I'm gonna eat you, little chick/e #I'm gonna eat you, little chick/e ♪ I'm gonna eat you, little chick/e ♪ Uh-uh, too slow, Chicken Marengo. Too slow for this cat. Hey! This chicken's faster than I thought! Quick! Lister's fainted, he needs help quick! Didn't you hear me? Didn't anyone hear me? Lister's in trouble. The monkey, ooh-ooh-ooh, has fainted. I cannot pick him up. Quick! Come now! Is there something wrong with you? Lister's collapsed! - Yeah? - What do you mean, yeah? He needs help! - And? - If you don't help him, he might die. Oh, no! That's too bad. I really liked him, too. - So come and help him. - What, and interrupt my lunch? What's more important, the man's life or your smegging lunch? That doesn't even deserve an answer. Right, okay, fine. You come with me. You get a stretcher. Down. Down. Stop. Let the medi-comp take me temperature. Lister, they've got to learn. Down, down, down, slowly. Ah. Ah. Now very, very, very slowly forward. - Ah! Me eye! - Lister, they've got to learn. - I just nearly lost an eye! - How about an anal reading? - I'm all right. I feel fine now. - Well, you're not fine. And it's your own smegging fault for going up to the officers' deck - before it was decontaminated. - I just wanted to have a look around. You just wanted to go into Kochanski's quarters and wallow in self-pity and look where it's got you. I'm all right. I've got a touch of pneumonia, that's all. It's not pneumonia. Three million years ago, it was pneumonia. But since then, it's bred and mutated and now we don't know what it is. Why didn't I ask her out? What's the worst she could've said? She could've said, "No, you're a filthy, stinking, "loathsome, disgusting object "I wouldn't be seen dead within a plague pit." She could've said yes. Stranger things have happened. Only two spring to mind, Lister. The spontaneous combustion of the Mayor of Warsaw in 1546 and that incident in 12th-century Burgundy when it rained herring. There's this theory me and Chen used to have. It's like, everyone's got two people inside, yeah? You've got your confidence and your paranoia. And your confidence is the guy who says, "Hey, you're great. You're dead sexy! Everybody loves you!" And your paranoia says, "You're stupid, you're useless, you're ugly "and everybody hates you." That's odd, Lister. According to this reading, you're clinically dead. What would happen was me confidence would just about persuade me to ask Kochanski out, and as I was walking up to her, he'd go on a business trip to Hawaii or something, and I'd be left with me paranoia saying, "You must be joking, she's going to laugh in our face." You know, sometimes, Lister, you can be quite perceptive and thought-provoking. And other times, like this, you can rant and drivel on like a complete loony. Just take me to me bed. All right, Lister. Okay, you know how it works. Now, release the mechanism very, very, very gently. Possibly a gnat's more gently than that. Quick! Get an umbrella! Get an umbrella! Quick! Get an umbrella! Get an umbrella! Get an umbrella! Get an umbrella! Necrobics. Hologramatlc exercises for the dead. It's raining! It's raining! Get an umbrella! It's raining. It's raining... - Holly, what's going on? - What? What's happening? Um, Hercule Poirot's just stepped off the steaming train. And if you want my opinion, I think they all did it. Why do we have to have you as the ship's computer? We'd have been better off with a bucket full of sheep slop running things. If you've got a complaint, just come straight out with it. Don 't hide behind innuendo and hyperbole. Why is it raining fish in our sleeping quarters? I 'a' be lying if I said I knew. The only comparable incident on record is in 72th-century Burgundy when it rained herring. It really is going to be one of those days, isn't it? Hey, you're awake! - Yeah, I just woke up. - I brought you some presents! Thanks, you shouldn't have bothered. I'm that kind of guy! Hey, let's see what we've got in the magic bag here. I've got you some grapes, and I got you an orange. Oh, thanks a lot. I feel better already. Well, all this enormous generosity has made me tired. I'm going to bed. Ah, yes, indeedy. - You're awake. - Yeah, but I'll be asleep In a minute. How do you feel? Fine. Just don't ask me any more questions. I'm trying to sleep! Shut up, you stupid moggy, and out of that bed! Well, if you're going to speak to me like that, I'm gonna take my presents back! - How do you feel? - Hurt. - I feel great. - I.Isl: en, Lister. you had a fever, okay? Yeah. And you started to hallucinate, all right? Yeah. Only your hallucinations were solid. What do you mean, solid? I mean, they were real, alive, solid. - Solid? - Solid. What do you mean, they were solid? Okay, I'll put it another way. - You had hallucinations, all right? - Yeah. And they were solid. I told you it wasn't ordinary pneumonia. I told you it was mutated. I knew something like this would happen. Okay. What did I hallucinate? Well, first of all, it was fish rain. Fish rain? Yeah. I dreamt that! - Well, it actually happened. - Where's all the fish? Somebody ate them! Then the Mayor of Warsaw spontaneously combusted. And then you hallucinated two men in the Drive Room. What two men? Apparently, one of them is your confidence and the other's your paranoia. You see what I mean, Lister? Hey! It's the king! Mr Beautiful! Hey, you, what's the H stand for? Horace? A chair for the king, Horace. And breakfast. Mr Wonderful wishes to dine. Have you lost weight? You're looking great. Is he totally perfect or what? You're my confidence? I just love that accent. It just makes me go all wibbly! I don't understand it. You look like the manager of the London Jets, but you sound like Bing Baxter, the American quiz show host. I'm all the things you associate with confidence, King. And you're my paranoia? Isn't that a urine stain on the front of your trousers? - What? No, it isn't. It's tea. - So how are you, anyway? Isn't that a huge spot appearing on your so-called face? My God, you've got fat, haven't you? Must be all that lager. Bet you've got a terminal disease. Always happens to people who least expect it. Don't you find that? Say hello, then, won't you? I'm only trying to be friendly. Baby, baby, what can I say? Is he the greatest, most handsome, fantastic person ever or am I insane? You're insane. Lister, what are you going to do about them? - Do? What can I do? - I think we should arrest them. - What for? - For being hallucinations. Oh, come on, smeghead. It's a bit of company, isn't it? Lister, you're still sick. These two are symptoms of your disease. They're like the spots in measles, the swellings in mumps, the funny walk in cystitis. Until they're gone, you won't be better. Hey, now I know what the "H" stands for. Hidiot! Am I right? You are treading a very thin line, me laddo. H stands for hologram, I happen to be dead. Couldn't have happened to a more deserving guy. Come on, King. Forget those losers. Let's go party. - No. I forbid it! - Why? Why do you never listen to Mr Rimmer? He's so much more experienced, more level-headed, so much better than you. Hey, no one is better than Mr Magnificent. And no one tells the Prince of Charisma what to do. Right, Prince? - Yeah, right! - That's my Davey-boy! I don't believe it. He's socialising with a figment of his imagination. Yes. Please note a dust storm is approaching. The ship exterior is now out of bounds. All airlocks are being automatically sealed. Estimated duration, 78 hours. ♪ Our love I tried to kindle ♪ Like firefight, it dwindled ♪ Now! wonder when this ♪ Wind'll ever stop ♪ - You wrote that? - Yeah, but it was ages ago, you know. - That Is the greatest love song ever. - Come on! Ever! It's so deep. The images! The dwindling, the kindling, all the indling! I love all that stuff! When I think there's fast-buck merchants like Beethoven and Mozart out there grabbing all the publicity and here's you, writing pieces of that calibre, it makes me wanna weep. What are you doing with the cigarette butt? Oh, you've embarrassed me now. It's just, your lips have touched it. Your lips! The King's kissing lips! I just wanted some proof I'd actually met the Duke of Deliciousness! You're serious, aren't you? - Serious about what? - I'm a nobody! Out of the 169 people on board this ship, I ranked 169. Bottom of the pile. That's because you didn't want all that career stuff. You wanted your farm on Fiji with you-know-who. - If she'd have come. - If! If! Ha! And turn down the opportunity to become the envy of all womankind? - Oh, we'll never know now. - Why not? - She's dead. - So? So Is Rimmer. Bring her back. I can't. Holly can only sustain one hologram and Rimmer's hidden all the other personality disks. - 50? Find them. - I can't. King, you can do anything. Anything! Anything. He can't do anything. Oh, I know, I know. I'll bet five. Do you know, he used to practise kissing on his own? - How? - He made lips out of one hand and then waggled his thumb through the gap like a tongue. That is priceless, it really is. Seventeen years old and he used to snog his own hand. Once, in front of the whole school, he called his gym teacher "Daddy". I could've died with embarrassment. What a silly thing to call a gym master. I'm racked with guilt. I hate him. If you hate him, why do you talk about him so much? Because he makes my life one big, humiliating, cringe-making, guilt-ridden hell! Now! Stab him! Stab him! Stab him! Quick, stab him! Ah, you haven't met Stabbim. He's one of our skutters. Stabbim, meet Lister's paranoia. Lister's paranoia, this is Stabbim. Yo, Rimmer, listen, we've been thinking. We think we can get Kochanski back without turning you off. Oh, he's drunk. Yes. You can smell it from here. All's we got to do is turn off all unnecessary power systems and Holly says it'll work. Ding-dong. Another great idea from the people who brought you beer milkshakes! How can you be so obsessed with a girl you hardly know? Hardly knows her? You haven't heard the "indling" song! ♪ Our [0 ve I tried to kindle ♪ Not now! Lister, you're not having her disc. Why? Because she'll rank above you? But she's a bright, good-looking, intelligent, witty, upwardly mobile officer. Why should she be interested in you? Yes, why should she be interested in you? Yeah, why should she be interested in me? Hmm? Sorry, I was just thinking about that song. I can't get it out of my head. Why? Because you're great! You're an incredibly seductive, charming, charismatic young stud! Yeah, I forgot. That's why she'd be interested in me. Lister, you're not having her disc or any disc. Come on, King, you know Rimmer. Where would he hide them? - I don't know. - Yes, you do. - No, he doesn't. - Come on, think "winner". Outside. Outside the ship. - Er, wrong, actually! - Where outside? Well, he'd have to send the skutters and the disc would have to be safe. Wrong, wrong! Absolutely brimming over with wrongability. And they'd have to be right under my nose so he could laugh at me. Wrong and getting wronger all the time. Outside our sleeping quarters. The solar panel outside our sleeping quarters! You followed me, you goit! Is that where they are? That's incredible! I did it! Lister. - How long now, Hot? - Can't be long now, Dave- Hercule has got all the suspects in one room and I 'm only two pages away from ”A [so by the same author”. No, Holly. The dust storm. Oh, that. Any time now, it's almost subsided. Hey, how's my baby boy? Oh, look. You've got a body like a coat hanger! How can you make a spacesuit look like evening wear? - Let me ask you one question. - It's no use arguing, Rimmer. I'm going. Who smashed up the medi-comp? He's stalling, King. Let's go. Holly, give him a punch-up. What's in it for them smashing up the medical unit? Lister, come here. Come here. - You are still sick. - I feel great. You will not... You will not... You will not be better until they've gone. They know that and now they've stopped you getting any treatment. Where's Paranoia? I don't know. Is it some place near Uruguay? Who is this joker? Lister, they're germs and they're dangerous. The storm has passed, Dave. Airlocks are now released. - What are we waiting for, King? - Nothing. - Holly, put a trace on Paranoia. - What's a trace? It's space jargon. It means find him. No, it doesn't. You just made it up to be cool. - Where is he? - Paranoia is no longer aboard this ship. Hey, look at that View, Kingo! Me and you on top of the world! Makes you wanna dance! ♪ C ha, cha -cha ♪ Che-Che, aha-aha aha-aha ♪ C ha, cha -cha ♪ C ha -cha, cha -cha cha -cha ♪ Hey, here it is! Noz Eamznm km gm$b® QB $5.3 QB $5.3 QB -QE:. hm - Didyou hear something? - Nope. In space, no one can hear you cna-cna-cna! You don 't think that Paranoia could have got here first, do you? - Forget him. He '5 no danger. - He smashed up the medical unit. - No, he didn't. - What do you mean? - I did. - You did? 50 we can be together, Davey. You don 't want to get cured. I did it for you! - 50 where did he go, then? - I killed him. ♪ Cha-cha-cha ♪ What do you mean, you killed him, cha-cha-cha? Don 't look at me like that. He didn 't suffer. I just fed him into the waste grinder and flushed his bits into space. Look, I 'm gonna go inside now. Gets a little bit hot. I get a bit claustrophobic in these suits. - Take your helmet off. - What? You 're hot! Take your helmet off. - I'll die. - W/7 y? There '5 no oxygen out here! Hey, oxygen's for losers. Come on! I need oxygen! You don 't need anything, King. You 're the King! - You're crazy! - Who told you you needed oxygen? Some loser who was trying to make you feel small. Look, I 'll prove it to you. I '11 take mine off first. We '11 soon see who the crazy one is around here! No! - Must you do this now? - I'm doing my laundry! - It's totally disgusting. - What's disgusting? - Lister. - Yeah? I just want to say I was right all along. I said they were germs and they were germs. Yeah, okay, so what? And I'm just saying now that disc will only bring you misery. I just want you to remember I said that. If she comes back and she's not interested, I can handle it. Whatever, Lister, I want it on record. That disc is a one-way ticket to Miseryville. Yeah, well, I've spent enough time listening to me paranoia. Now I'm going to listen to me confidence. Hi, Krissie... That's not gonna work. Hello, Krissie. That's not gonna work, either. Hey! Yo, Krissie! Hi. Lister, look, good luck. I mean it. - Smeg off. - No, honestly, I mean It. Good luck. Okay, Hol, switch it on. - Well, he did warn you. - I certainly did. Do you honestly think I'd put Kochanski's disc in Kochanski's box where any munchkin could find it? You think you had it bad before, Lister? Now you've got it in stereo, baby. Welcome aboard, Rimsie. Nice to be here, Mr Rimmer, you son of a gun. ♪ It's cold outside there's no kind of atmosphere #I'm all alone, more or less ♪ Let me fly far away from here ♪ Fun, fun, fun #In the sun, sun, sun ♪ I want to lie shipwrecked and comatose ♪ Drinking fresh mango juice ♪ Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes ♪ Fun, fun, fun #In the sun, sun, sun ♪ Fun, fun, fun ♪ In the sun, sun, sun ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 