Red Dwarf: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Red Dwarf 
 s1e6 - Me² - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Red Dwarf (1988–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Me² - full transcript 
 Rimmer moves into his new sleeping quarters with his holographic duplicate. Lister watches Rimmer's video containing footage of Rimmer's death, the two Rimmers start getting into a fight ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is an 505 distress call from the mining ship Red Dwarf. The crew are dead killed by a radiation leak. The only survivors were Dave Lister, who was in suspended animation during the disaster, and his pregnant cat, who was safely sealed in the hold. Revived three million years later, Lister's only companions are a lifeform who evolved from his cat and Arnold Rimmer, a hologram simulation of one of the dead crew. We have enough food to last 30, 000 years, but we've only got one After Eight mint left, and everyone's too polite to take it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let me see. ”Astrona Vigation and Invisible Numbers in Engineering Structure Made Simple. That's Rimmer's. Ah-ha! ”The Pop-Up Kama Sutra. ” Zero Gravity Edition. That's mine. ”Arnold J Rimmer: A Tribute. ” What's this? It's a video of my death. You videoed your death? Holly did it for me. You're very strange, Rimmer. What's so strange? You have videos of weddings and births. So what, did you have a few people around, give them a sherry and invite them to watch you snuff it? Lister, my death is one of the most important things 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that ever happened to me. Just stick it in the trunk and shut up. Weird! What about these posters? Whoa! They're mine. I know, but the Btu-Tack is mine. You want to take the Btu-Tack? Well, it is mine. I did pay for it with my money. There's one of your old toenail clippings under the bed. I'll put that in, too, shall I? Ah, Lister, this is the best decision I ever made. No more you and your stupid annoying face. No more you and your stupid annoying habits. Me? What did I do? You hummed. Maliciously and persistently for two yea rs. Every time I sat down to do some revision... Hang on, hang on! You're trying to say you never became an officer because you shared your quarters with someone who hummed? Obviously not just that, Lister. Everything! Everything you ever did was designed to hold me back and annoy me. Like what? Like using my mother's photograph as an ashtray. I didn't know! I thought it was a souvenir from Titan 200. Exchanging the symbols on my revision timetable, so instead of taking my Engineering finals, I went swimming. The symbols fell off. I thought I'd put them back in the right place. Swapping my toothpaste for a tube of contraceptive jelly. Come on! That was a joke. Yes, Lister. The same kind of joke as putting my name down on the waiting list for experimental pile surgery. It's not all one-way, you know, Rimmer. You're hardly Mr Nice Guy, Mr Easy-To-Live-With. What are you talking about? I'm talking about playing your self-hypnosis tapes all night. Learn Esperanto While You Sleep. Learn Quantum Theory While You Sleep. We both got the same benefit. Yeah. Neither of us got any sleep. What about the time you tied me hair to the bedpost and then sounded the fire alarm? Lister, I did that because I was sick of you annoying me. I don't have to explain it! I nearly needed brain surgery! What brains? The point is you've always stopped me being successful. That's a scientific fact. Rimmer, you can't blame me for your lousy life. Oh, yes, I can. See, it's always the same. You never had the right set of pens for your genie drawing. Your dividers don't stretch far enough. - Well, they don't! - See! In the end you can't turn round and say, "I'm sorry, I buggered up my life." It's all Lister's fault! Well, I'm not, am I? I'm moving out. Out of Slob City and into Successville. What, you mean next door? It's not the place, Lister, it's the company. I'm about to share my life with someone who'll give me encouragement and understanding, the thrust and parry of meaningful conversation. Everything tickety-boo? Absolument, Mr Rimmer. I'll be along lickety-split. Carry on! What a guy! I just don't know why I didn't think of this before. A duplicate me, Lister. Yeah, yeah. Shall I take this through for you? Be very careful with that. It's an antique. It's absolutely priceless. Absolument, tickety-boo, lickety-split. God, meaningful conversation! Ah, Lister, be very careful with that. It's an antique. Absolutely priceless. Gosh, I just said that! Did you really? That's incredible! What a lovely story! Why have you got no smoking signs up when neither of you smoke? Because they're our no smoking signs and we happen to think they look rather striking. Whoa! What's all this? "Arnold's tops with us." "I owe it all to Rimmer." "Arnie does it best." This is very funny stuff. Er, just go. I mean, because your name's Arnold Rimmer, and even though these headlines are about other people, you've cut them out and put them on the wall so people will think they're about you. Shoo, shoo, shoo, go on, out. This joke's going to keep me laughing all through the winter. Lister, we don't have to take this any more. We don't have to put up with your snidey remarks, your total slobbiness, your socks that set off the sprinkler system. Vacate our new quarters. Bye-bye, Rimmer. No, sorry. Bye-bye, bye-bye, Rimmer, Rimmer. Goit. Hey, I'm looking so good today. If I looked any better, I'd be illegal. Hello, hello, testing, testing, one, one, one, me, me, me. Attention, all lady cats. I am feeling very, very sexy. Can you hear me, lady cats? My body is available. Please form a queue. No squabbling. This is your lucky day. Ecstasy! We're talking mega-ecstasy bliss! I can hum as loud as I like, as long as I like. I'm a free man. And you see those socks? See 'em? They're going right where they belong, all over the floor where any self-respecting bachelor would keep 'em. I'm going to have the bottom bunk, the big bunk. I'm gonna leave the top off the shampoo. I'm going to squeeze the toothpaste right from the middle. In fact, I'm gonna do all the things that drove him bonkers! I'm gonna crack me knuckles. I'm gonna grind me teeth. I'm gonna live for a change! Oh, smegging hell! What... What's this? "Video of Rimmer's death." Holly, get us some popcorn and put the video on for us, would you? Well, I can just about manage that, I suppose. 356? 556? What's that? Bronze Swimming Certificate and Silver Swimming Certificate. He's a total lunatic. Hello. This Video pays homage to a man who fell short of greatness by a gnat's wing. Before we see a digitalised recording of his final moments, there's going to be a lengthy tribute, interspersed with poetry readings read by me. Whoa! Spin on! Poetry in motion. And if it hadn 't been for those people who kept dragging him down, pulling him down, pulling him back... Spin on! If you put Napoleon in quarters with Lister, he 'a' still be in Corsica peeling spuds. Spin on! We see the final moments of Arnold J Rimmer. Yes! Look, it was your job to fix it, Rimmer! You can't do sloppy work on the drive plate. I know, sir, and I accept full responsibility for any consequences. Emergency. There '5 an emergency going on. It's still going on. Will Arnold Rimmer please hurry to White Corridor 759? Gazpacho soup! Off. "Gazpacho soup"? Why were his last words "gazpacho soup"? Attention, lady cats! Sensual emergency! Good loving needed bad! Ow! Hey, no girls here? What a waste of a good move! Shame. I'm looking so dangerous, too! Wow! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Cat, what are you doing? I'm courting. Courting who? Whoever shows up. I've told you before, there's no other cats on board. If I believed that for one minute, I'd go crazy! Ow! Yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah! Up, up, up! Stretch, stretch, stretch! - Stretch further! - And rest. No! Keep jumping! Absolutely, keep on going. Through the pain barrier. Jump, jump, jump! And rest. What are you doing, man? I'm resting. It's going all grey! That's the pain barrier! Beat it! You're right! You're absolutely right! Keep it going! And rest. Brilliant! That extra little bit, that's what it's all about. What time do we get up? Early. 8:30. No, earlier than that, 7:00. How about 6:00? No, 4:30. Four thirty? That's the middle of the night! You wanted driving. I'm driving you. Once again, Arnold, you're absolutely right. Holly, alarm call, 4:30 in the morning. Make it the sonic boom, extra loud emergency one. Yes, Arnold. And Arnold. - What are you doing, Arnold? - I'm going to bed, Arnold. But it's 2:00 in the morning. You could get in a couple of hours revision easily. But I'm getting up in a minute. You take porous circuits and Esperanto. I'll take thermal energy and the history of philosophy. Fantastic! This is what I've always dreamed of! I'm in heaven! Better than sex. It's 4.30. Here is your early morning alarm call. Ofif ofif off! Ofif off! That's the way. Smooth and even. Up and down. Ah, Lister. Bonum matinum. Didn't wake you, I trust? No. I haven't been to bed yet. But it's 5:05 in the morning. It's practically lunch time. What are you doing? It's called work, Lister. I didn't think you'd recognise it. W-O-R-K. It is in the dictionary. Come on, paint! Paint! Paint! Paint! Paint! But why are they painting the corridor the same colour it was before? They're changing it from ocean grey to military grey. Something that should have been done a long time ago. Looks exactly the same to me. No, no, no, no. That's the new military grey bit there and that's the dowdy, old, nasty ocean grey bit there. Or is it the other way round? It doesn't matter, Rimmer, it's very nice. So how's Mrs Rimmer? Tee-hee hoddle ha. Why don't you just get back into your cesspit? Or you won't have the energy for a full day's slob. I just wondered what you talked about and that, you know. Millions of things, Lister. Apart from being a complete genius, that man happens to be a total delight. Has me in stitches all the time. But, I mean, he knows everything you know and you know everything he knows, so what do you talk about? We reminisce, chew over old times, past glories, old girlfriends. Oh, you mean Yvonne McGruder? Don't say Yvonne McGruder as if she's the only one. Oh, go on, then. Name one other girlfriend, then. Lister, I'm far, far, far too much of a gentleman to stoop to that kind of shower room mentality. All you need to know about Yvonne McGruder is I gave her one. Well, fine. Very nice. Very, very nice. So, what's gazpacho soup? What? It's just that they were your last words and I wondered why. You've been watching my death video, haven't you? That's private! It's for my enjoyment only! It just seems like such a strange thing to say, "Gazpacho soup." Well, I'm sorry, I didn't have time to sit down and bash out a speech in iambic pentameter. I was hit in the face by an atomic explosion. But why gazpacho soup? That, Lister, is something you will never ever know. Arnold, you asked me to remind you when it was time for your Esperanto revision. Thank you, Holly. You two, carry on. ”A to Z of Red Dwarf." I thought so! "My Diary, by Arnold J Rimmer. "January 1st: I have decided to keep "a journal of my thoughts and deeds "over the coming year. "A daily chart of my progress through the echelons of command, "so that perhaps one day "other aspiring officers may seek "enlightenment through these pages. "It is my fond hope that one day "this journal will take its place "alongside Napoleon's war diaries "and the memories of Julius Caesar." Next entry. "July 17th, Auntie Maggie's birthday." "November 25th. "Gazpacho soup day." That's six weeks before the crew got wiped out. He won't find that one. Not until he changes his boots. Oh! Did you see him clearly? Did you get a good look at his face? Could you spot him in a parade? I don't think so. I could've been anybody. Ten and three-quarter centimetres! Plus five for not breaking, and that is a big, big score! The Browns are going to have to do something quite sensational with their last bubble. Quiet, please. Busy, Dave? Well, yeah, I am, actually. Oh, then you won 't want to know about the two super-light-speed fighters that are tracking us. What? I 'll leave you to your bubble blowing, mate. No, Holly, come on! They're from Earth. That's three million years away. They're from the Norweb Federation. What's that? The North Western Electricity Board. They want you, Dave. Me? Why? What for? For your crimes against humanity. You what? It seems when you left Earth three million years ago, you left two half-eaten German sausages on a plate in your kitchen. Did I? Do you know what happens to sausages left unattended for three million years? Yeah. They go mouldy. Your sausages, Dave, now cover se yen-eighths of the Earth 's surface. Also, you left £77.50 in your bank account. Thanks to compound interest, you now own 9896 of all the world 's wealth. And because you boarded it for three million years, nobody's got any money, except for you and Norweb. Why Norweb? You left a light on in the bathroom. I've got a final demand here for £180 billion. One hundred and eighty billion pounds? You're kidding! April fool. But it's not April. Yeah, I know. But I could hardly wait six months with a red-hot jape like that under me belt. So you just made it all up, then? Yeah. Bit of excitement for a while, wasn't it? You can 't beat a good wheeze. I don't need a good wheeze. I can do all the excitement for meself. No, you can 't. You haven 't got a clue-You 're useless. Shh! What's that? I make you vomit? Keep your voice down! I'm not gonna stand here and take this abuse. Oh, yes! When the going gets tough, the tough go and have a little cry in the corner. You've got a sponge for a backbone! No wonder Father hated you! That's a lie! A lie, lie, lie, lie, lie! They why didn't he send you to the Academy? He couldn't afford it! Oh! He sent all our brothers! You're a filthy, smegging, lying, smegging liar! Face facts, man, nobody liked you! Not even Mummy! Mummy did like me! Mummy was just busy. She had a lot of meetings to go to. Twaddle! You'd better watch what you say about my mummy! I'm a grown man and I'm not going to accept it. Oh, grow up, Mr Gazpacho! Mr what? I said Mr Gaz-pa-cho, deafie! That is the most obscenely hurtfulthing. Good! That is the straw that broke the dromedary, that is. You're finished, Rimmer. No, you're finished, Rimmer! Ah, Lister. How are you? Tickety-boo. What do you want? I don't suppose you managed to get that Btu-Tack together for me, have you? Rimmer, it's 3:00 a.m.! It doesn't matter. It can wait till the morning. I'm just gonna sleep here, okay, till you're ready. Everything all right, is it? Sure. Absolutely. Yeah, sure. No problems, then? No, no, no. Things couldn't be hunky-dorier. It's just I thought I heard, you know, raised voices? It's quite an amusing thought, isn't it, having a blazing row with yourself? Hit the wall! Go on! Hit the wall! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Can you shut up, Rimmer? Some of us are trying to sleep! Obviously, we have professional disagreements, but, I mean, nothing with any side to it. Nothing malicious. Shut up, you dead git! Excuse me a second, Lister, will you? Stop your foul whining, you filthy piece of distended rectum! Lister, there's no point in concealing it any more. Rimmer and me, we've had a bit of a tiff. Nothing major, but it goes without saying, it was his fault! Miles from Earth, deep in the heart of the solar system and you fancy a curry? Then why not drop in at the Titan Taj Mahal Indian restaurant? Enjoy the finest tandoori cuisine at one-fifth gravity. Just a short space-walk from this cinema. Shut up! Will you stop doing that? I 'm trying to watch the film! I'm only eating! No. Eating's when the food goes in your mouth! - Afternoon. - Yeah. What's on? Orson Welles, Citizen Kane. There's no smoking on this side. You should be sitting over there. Nobody's complaining. Yes. They are. I am. So would you kindly move to the proper designated smoking area for the convenience of other patrons? I thought you hated films. Me? No. I did a film course at night school. Citizen Kane, eh? That's Orson Welles, isn't it? That's Citizen Kane, all right. Unmistakable. Why are you here? Where's your wife? Don't ask me. He's nothing to do with me any more. Last time I saw him, he was redoing my paintwork. Changing it from military grey back to ocean grey. He's quite, quite mad! Lister. Cat. Excuse me, I can't see. Shh. Excuse me, I can't see through the back of your stupid, curly-haired, sticky-outy-eared head. I'm trying to watch the film! Yeah! Move! Look, I just happened to choose a seat at random. If you're unhappy with your seat, I suggest you move. Right. Now, where shall I sit? So many seats to choose from. How about... No. That's a nice seat! Look at this. Mr Maturity. Will you two guys just grow up? Two? I think there's only one immature person around here, and we all know who it is. Hello. What do you think of Arnold Rimmer? This can't go on. One of yous has gotta go. Yes, him. Look, it's crystal smegging clear which one of us has to go. Yes, you! Look, I was here first. I nursed Listy through those early, delicate days! Look, we are identical. We're exactly the same person. Only you're mentally unstable. Ippy-dippy. my space-shippy. On a course SO true, past Neptune and Pluto's moon, the one I choose is you. Excellent, excellent decision, Listy, turn him off. And the one you end on is the one who stays, yeah? It's you, Rimmer. Wait a minute. Wait a minute! Just hold your horses. Hang on. It's your own fault, Rimmer. If you'd given me Kochanski's hologram, none of this would have happened. You made the bed. You lie in it. Drive Room. Ten minutes. Drive Room. Five minutes. I don't believe it. I've been ippy-dippied to death. I want you out. What have I said? Just out! There's precious little entertainment on this ship. If you can't attend the odd execution, what have you got left? Out! Go on! Don't forget to write. You great nancy. Lister. Fancy a drink? Oh! I didn't know you had any medals! What are they? Three Years Long Service, Six Years Long Service, Nine Years Long Service, Twelve Years Long Service. Come on. Just one drink. I'll have a whiskey. Holly, give him a whiskey. How would you like it? Straight, with ice and lemonade, a cherry and a slice of lemon. Another? And another. And another. Make it a double. So what's all this gazpacho soup business? What's it all about? I suppose now I'm doomed, I can tell you. Gazpacho soup. It was the greatest night of my life. I'd been invited to the Captain's table. I'd only been with the company 14 years. Six officers and me! They called me Arnold. We had gazpacho soup for starters. I didn't know gazpacho soup was meant to be served cold. I called over the chef and I told him to take it away and bring it back hot. He did! The looks on their faces still haunt me today! I thought they were laughing at the chef, when all the time they were laughing at me as I ate my piping hot gazpacho soup! I never ate at the Captain's table again. That was the end of my career. Oh, come on. Anyone could've made that mistake. If only they'd mentioned it in basic training! Instead of climbing up and down ropes and crawling on your elbows through tunnels. If only, just once, they'd said, "Gazpacho soup is served cold!" I could've been an admiral by now! Instead of a nothing, which is what I am, let's face it. Oh, come on. You're not a nothing. He is. You're right! I know I'm right. I never got off the bottom rung. And do you know why? Because I didn't have the right nobby parents. I bet Todhunter was served gazpacho soup the moment he was on solids. No. I bet he was breast-fed with it! One side gazpacho soup, the other side freely dispensing chilled champagne! Is this gonna go on all day? I thought he was going to get wiped! Yes, go on. Turn me off. Go on. Turn me off. Get rid of me. I've already done it. I wiped the other one. What? You wiped... When? Just before you came in. And you let me stand here and bare my soul? Yeah! You see, I wanted to find out about gazpacho soup and I knew you wouldn't tell me. Well, of course I wouldn't tell you. You'd make my life a hell with gazpacho soupjokes for the rest of my life. Rimmer. I promise, I swear, I will never, ever mention this conversation again. And when I swear, I mean it. - You promise? - I promise. You swear absolutely? I swear absolutely that I promise that I will never mention gazpacho soup again! All right. You're a bit of a slob, Lister, you know, but when it comes down to it you keep your word. This time I'm gonna believe you. Let's go for another drink. Souper! ♪ It's cold outside There's no kind of atmosphere #I'm all alone, more or less ♪ Let me fly far away from here ♪ Fun, fun, fun #In the sun, sun, sun ♪ I want to lie shipwrecked and comatose ♪ Drinking fresh mango juice ♪ Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes ♪ Fun, fun, fun #In the sun, sun, sun ♪ Fun, fun, fun ♪ In the sun, sun, sun ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 