City on a Hill: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 City on a Hill 
 s1e3 - If Only the Fool Would Persist in His Folly - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 City on a Hill (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - If Only the Fool Would Persist in His Folly - full transcript 
 Jackie searches for his absent informant as Jenny revisits her passion to become a teacher. Decourcy works up a plan to overcome the town's infamous "Code of Silence" and get a few suspects to talk. Jimmy skips town to visit his kids. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, you ever read How the Good Guys Finally Won? Jimmy Breslin. You know, it's all about the ability to make people believe. See, that's what Roy Cohn knew, and no one else did. Jesus, Jackie. Roy Cohn? Look, Roy Cohn's the worst piece of shit ever existed. I told you, I'm a Bobby Kennedy guy. But what Cohn knew was that if you held on to the lie, the bullshit against all evidence, there was nothing anybody could do. Like the man said, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "If only the fool would persist in his folly, he would become wise." Is this little filibuster of yours supposed to reassure me that even though there are no bodies in that truck, we still have a case? Maybe I'm reassuring myself. That's not reassuring. Fuck. The shit these assholes see every day, huh? Can you imagine going home with all that shit in your head and trying to fuck your wife? Wife gets excited, starts sinking her nails into your ass, and all you can think about is scraping some rapist's flesh 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 out of a victim's fingernails. Fortunately, not everyone thinks like you, Jackie. Good. I'm an individual. The body's under there? No? Must be under this piece here, huh? Too fucking early, Hank. Bodies, Jackie. You promised us three. Three bodies. Did you hear what I just said? I mean, do I need shit from someone who goes home alone and gets her eight hours every night? No wonder your wife ain't calling asking where you are. This must be a nice relief for her. Well, an error must be taken to its extreme before it can be combated. You had to listen to this all night? I think he's admitting he was wrong. That what you're doing? Fuck all you. We got a truck, right? These guys will find something. I hope. Jimmy, you rat motherfucker. ♪ ...The entire nation ♪ ♪ Black, white, red, brown Feel the vibration ♪ ♪ Come on, come on ♪ ♪ Feel it, feel it ♪ Oh! ♪ Feel the vibration ♪ ♪ It's just a good vibration ♪ ♪ Just a sweet sensation ♪ ♪ Just a good vibration ♪ ♪ It's just a sweet sensation ♪ We don't know where Jimmy is. Hmm. Is that tea? I would love some tea. It's not done yet. I can wait. Jimmy didn't tell us where he's goin'. Oh, so the story's changing? Because before, you said that you didn't know where he was, and now you're telling me that you don't know where he's going, which tells me that you know that he skipped town. Make whatever conclusions you want. He ain't here. That's all we got. Hmm. Wow, this is a nice place. You know, it's not that often that you see an Irish family move into the North Shore. I mean, usually the guineas like the North Shore. The Irish like the South Shore, right? Got a little guinea in you, Richie? - No. - No. You work with them, though. Right? Because you got that nice little sports book with the greasers in Revere? Uh-oh. Hey. Is this Jimmy? He was a good-looking kid, right? Ever figure out where you went wrong? I can throw you out any time. Kids, huh? You know? You work your whole life, they can have it better, and then they end up doing the same stupid shit you did. I had it easy, though. Grew up in a black neighborhood. Parents were drunks. Didn't have a lot of chances to disappoint them, you know? Betcha found a way. Oh, sure. But they didn't have much of an argument. My mother burned our house down. Yeah, didn't get it left to me when they moved out of the city. No, I stood on a cold street corner and watched it burn when I was ten years old. Not sentimental, though. It was a good lesson. What's your point? I'll watch a home burn. Talk like that in front of a lady. No. I treat everyone the same. Bad. Oh. Cute, cute kids. Jimmy's? How old? Six and four. Florida's a nice place to raise kids. Right? Hmm. You know, you both have been very cooperative. That's an old address. Come on, Richie. You can do better than that. You believe this fucking guy? Son of a bitch took my teacup. Oh. Thanks for seeing me, Father Bender. Anytime. Jenny, this is Father Doyle. He just arrived from Ireland. Hello, Mrs. Rohr. Dermot Doyle. Oh, you're for real Irish. Call me Jenny. Shall we go to my office? Yeah. Do you mind if Father Doyle sits with us today? Just to listen, as he gets to know our parish. Well, it's... it's sort of personal. If you're uncomfortable, I'll leave. I don't want to be a hindrance. No, stay. Stay. My, uh, my husband and I haven't been, uh... intimate in a long time. Yeah, not emotionally, not... not in any way. Jackie's barely ever home, and, you know, when he is... I get the worst of him. I guess he leaves his best at, I don't know, um... at work, or at some bar somewhere. My husband... my husband doesn't always do what's right. Well, he does what's right for him, you know? I'm-I'm sorry, I'm talking too much, right? The fact that you're here says something. Something about you. You want to do what's right. You understand marriage takes work. Mm-hmm. Patience is one of the greatest virtues God has given to women. There's power in the patience you possess. But remember, when placing blame, God has also bestowed upon you the ability to forgive. Yeah, but don't you kind of have to blame someone before you can forgive them? Father, I've been forgiving my husband for 20 years, and nothing changes. He doesn't see me. And if he does, he doesn't appreciate what he sees. Jenny, you're talking a lot about your husband. That's why I came to see you. Well, I thought you came here to work on your marriage. I haven't heard you say anything about yourself. There are two people in a marriage. You're obsessed with one. Yes. Yeah, where Jackie's concerned, everyone else just takes a back seat. Again, you're talking about him. Think about yourself. What's your part in the failure of your marriage? Hey, cap, you want to see me? Minogue, you're getting transferred out of DCU to Homicide. You're working the church shooter case. You're kidding? I'm of no value down there. It's out of my hands. You fucked up and got another cop shot and let the shooter go, yet some higher-up wants to give you a promotion. Now I'm not happy either, but that's the way these things work. Yeah, well, I don't see Homicide as a promotion. Why would you? This would be a pay cut for you, without dealers to lean on. ♪ Well, we're moving on up ♪ You and your brown-nose boyfriend arranged this, you piece of shit. ♪ To a deluxe apartment ♪ ♪ In the sky ♪ Hey, you want to make chief before you're 60? Not in the mood, Rohr. Get lost. ADA Ward. I'm just saying. - He's one to watch. - Why you coming to me? 'Cause you're black, and this is a black neighborhood. With this church shooting, you've had national attention on this neighborhood for the second time in three years, yet how many times have you put a good case together only for the DA not to bring your hard work to trial because he don't take any of the shit that happens around here seriously? Ah, but suddenly a black prosecutor will because he's black? No. Because he's a good kid. And that's the reason he worked the St. Clair Commission. He's a good kid. Listen, you heard about the, uh, armored car up in Revere? Three missing, presumably dead, guards? Ward is going to convene a grand jury on that case. Feds will take the case from him. Mnh-mnh, not if the grand jury is set up from a different, non-federal case. You telling me a young, black assistant DA is going to try for a runaway grand jury in Suffolk County? I'm just saying, you know, you might want to support him, get your guys to help him out. Maybe not bust his balls so much. Before you put this idea in Ward's head, which I'm sure as shit you did, did he grasp the fact that a law-and-order black guy is the last thing anyone in Boston wants? You been around a long time, Rohr. All those cops looking to reach their pensions, lawyers in the DA's office who's only there because they know someone. A crusader threatens their way of life. Your way of life. Yet I'm here, ain't I? So it fits. - Excuse me? - Your head. You managed to stick your head up your own fucking ass. Kelly Kinicki. You wanna put a four-year-old missing persons case in front of a grand jury? What the fuck you thinking, Ward? Code of silence. They freeze us out. Won't talk to the cops. Look, we need to show 'em that we're not gonna give up so easy anymore. You shoulda taken some time off after that church incident. Seeing a kid murdered. I know exactly what I'm doing. Hey, I am more than willing to step aside while you ruin yourself, but you are not going to embarrass my office. I mean, where does this Kinicki shit come from? Why this? Why now? Where's your evidence? Witness changed his statement. - One witness? - Mm-hmm. You need more. He's enough for a subpoena. I'm talking to a brick wall. Find another fucking witness. You need to tell me what your dumb fuck of a brother's up to. Jesus fucking Christ, Cath. You come in at a ten sometimes, huh? What happened? At the store, we sent out our knives for sharpening, and I caught an edge opening up a bag of oranges. All right, well, answer me about Jimmy. I heard you. I'm bleeding like fucking Christ on the cross right now. You're acting like this is no big deal. FBI showing up at your parents' house. Don't walk away from me. I'm not... I got a tampon in the size of a frigging bus. You got to give me a minute. Listen, you know Jimmy better than anybody. You got to tell me. Is he gone for good this time? Or is he gonna be showing up, barging through my front door again, asking for shit? I don't know. Honestly, I know he wants to see his kids. Wants to see his kids. He's dumb as fucking Sheetrock, your brother. There's worse kinds of dumb than being dumb in love with your kids. Ugh. Fucking socks. Why don't you let me help you. Look at this thing. Jesus. You know you're kind of cute when you're all bloody and being sweet. I think we should do it. Come on. Babe, I'm bleeding. Yeah. You think I'm, what, 17? That I'm scared of a little blood? Don't touch me with that. Yeah. Did you give your brother money to go? - Shh! Knock it off. - Come on, answer me. Did you give your brother money to go? No, I didn't. - That fucking son of a bitch. - Jesus! - Cath, fuck! - He took the fucking money from the job, right out of the fucking... Cathy, hey! Don't! You can't just fucking... I can't just? How am I supposed to fix this with one fucking hand? Huh? Hmm? It's all there, right? - Fuck. - Hmm? It means I'm wrong about the fucking money. It doesn't mean I'm wrong about Jimmy. I bet you your mother knows exactly where he got the cash. Leave my mother out of it. Somebody's gonna answer me. So I know I fucked you up a little bit. - Oh, just a little? - Hey, hold on. That's why I'm bringing you down here. I'm trying to rectify the situation right now. There's your guy. Who? Bromley Heath. There is, or should I say was, the guy who shot at us. How do you know that's him? What do you mean? I recognize him. Okay, so you're admitting to me that you lied about Roach. Yeah, but there's the fucking guy right there. - There's the actual guy. - You motherfucker. You better pray that you don't need a fucking thing from me. Hey, hold on a second, I'm trying to rectify the situation between us. How the fuck does this help me now? I figured you wanted to know, in the interest of justice. He shoulda shot you. Hm. - Martinez. - Martinez! The whitest-sounding spic I know. Two to five your fucking name used to be fucking Martin, you changed it to Martinez to get assigned to Miami. Rohr, go find someone else to offend. Hey, listen, I need you to pay a visit to a Miss... hang on. Corie Struthers. It's 305 Zamora Avenue. I'm not your pimp, Jackie. This is business, fuckhead. Have you not turned on a television in ten years? We got a little drug problem goin' on down here. Yeah, knowin' you, you probably got your sleeves rolled up like Don Johnson. Shouldn't you be used to hard work by now? What do you want? Little Miss Corie Struthers might be hosting a runaway CI. Just need somebody to go by and look for signs of a coked-out jerk off. Which coked-out jerk off? His name is Jimmy Ryan. So you'll send a guy? Can't right away. Hey, is this lack of cooperation some holdover against the people of Boston because of JFK and the fucking Bay of Pigs? Asswipe, you know I'm not Cuban. All right, so you're just being a typical lazy government fuck. Okay, just give me a couple of days. All right? All right. See, Martin? Was that so hard? Listen, have your secretary send me a couple boxes of Cubans while you're at it, all right? Mm-hmm. Good night, Al. Hey, you ever go home? Home? You mean my parents' house? I'm steering clear. My sister's over with her, uh, her fiancé. And if I go home, then I got to hear about every eligible bachelor that's in a 15-mile radius. Uh... Tommy Hayes isn't enough. For what? To convene a grand jury. We need another witness. Think you could pull a second miracle? Do I have a choice? No. Kid runs into your church, gets shot four times in your church. Your shooters run right by you, and you have no idea what they look like? No. You don't know anyone that knows the victim or his family? They really got the best and brightest at the BPD, don't they? I think what the reverend means is he's already told the other police officers everything he knows. What about you? You were sitting in a pew, right? What did you see? I'm sure what I said that day is in your file. I have nothing to add. You think I want to be here? I don't think about you at all. Detective, is there anything else we can do for you? I don't know yet. But I'll probably be back. In the meantime, God bless you both. You got a humidifier? Humidifier can't cure nightmares. What, you think I don't know about the nightmares? My kid talks to me, all right? He comes to me when he's worried. And when Frankie comes to you all worried, what do you say? You asking my advice? I'm saying I don't know what to do about the nightmares. What's going on in your house causing them anyway? Fine. Play dumb. You know this problem didn't start in my household. You raised one winner and one loser. Cathy, I don't know where Jimmy is. I don't know what Jimmy's doing. And if I did know, I wouldn't tell you anyway 'cause you're getting on my goddamn nerves. So go the fuck away. All right. Fine. But for the record, you're the pain in the ass. And you're gonna miss me when I'm gone. Oh, I would love to put that theory to the test. Take care, see you tomorrow. G'night, hon. Take care. Six a.m. Congrats on the tip. I'll talk to you guys later. Good night, Brian. Cheers, good night! Thanks for sharing. Some beautiful stuff today. What are you doing, Dad? You put that thing in two days ago. Let's just say your mother wasn't too pleased. Hmm? You can say that. I say she's batshit. I'm not gonna tell her you said that if you don't tell her that I laughed. I like your face. Come over here. Let's take a look. Yeah. My daughter looks exotic. Just had to answer the phone, didn't you? She's your mother. Don't I get points for being a good son-in-law, inviting her and Todd to dinner. Those two have been calling me nonstop since the shooting... ...checking to see if I'm okay. So? Let 'em see that you're okay. I bet Mom was thrilled when you answered the phone, knew she'd get her way. Eh, saying no to Eloise Hastings is a lot harder than saying no to you, so... I have no shame. Weak? Inept? Did you know he was going to write this shit about me? - Who? - Who? Who else? Punk-ass Reverend Fields. Baby, look, I need you to end your relationship with this man once and for all. Siobhan. The Genesis Coalition is bigger than Fields. The...? He's one person on a long list of ministers who want to stop the violence in this town. He called me a house nigger in public. Now he's writing it in print. I need to prepare for a grand jury investigation. This hurts my credibility. I thought we were better than this. We are! Better than this. Better than him. No, I mean, I thought we were stronger than our jobs or your... Or... or what, Siobhan? Or my what? Ego. If you can't get behind the coalition, why talk about changing the face of Boston? Progress comes at a personal cost. If we avoid every person who offends us, then neither one of us are going to accomplish a damn thing. We can't avoid them. But we don't have to kiss their asses, right? I'll say something. Something like, "Go fuck yourself"? Hmm? I'll get him to shut up. Thank you. You're welcome. Again? Yeah, see, I'm like herpes, Doc. You're unfortunate enough to get me, I'm never going away. Must be a relief not to have them. - What? - Herpes. You left a message at my house... That you don't have herpes. Okay, let's lay aside for the moment the question of how fucking dumb you have to be to leave me a message like that, and let's focus on what's important here. What did you say? That you do not have genital herpes. Fuck me. Jeez. Most men hear that, they're happy. Hey. I just took a giant dump in your bathroom, and forgot to Windex the seat. You're a fucking pig. And you're a lousy message-taker. So, what now? Nothing. You got me. I'm impressed. I'm going to have to worry about this the rest of my life, aren't I? Captain Lewis. I'd like to talk to you about the shooting at the church. I'm not working that case. I heard you were present. And I gave a statement to the police. But did you see this shit? Oh, this shit? I saw this shit. This holy asshole is blaming the cops and prosecutors for the world's every fucking sin. For human goddamn nature. Brother, brother, he may as well blame us for all the shit that happened with Tyson. Fields keeps standing up acting the same, preaching against us. People are gonna start to believe him. Articulate fucker that he is. Fucking Jesse Jackson wannabe. Jesse Jackson doesn't play in Boston. Understand me, Ward. Fields cannot be the face of our community. Will not. So, what do we do? My wife is gonna talk to him. Yeah. Talk. That's the Christian way. But when that fails, we're going to barbecue the motherfucker's balls. This Father Bender sounds like a royal twat. Why are you going to a priest for advice anyway? I don't know. Aren't priests supposed to be, you know, helpful? Wise? They're just men who think God speaks through their bad breath. Looks like you ladies are having a grand old time. - Get out of there, Cabot. - Quality control. I don't want you messing up those trays before the event. Have a drink. Hm. Get me a prosecco. - Jenny? - Oh, uh, nothing for me, thanks. I-I totally suck at this, don't I? Just be honest. A little less Quincy, little more Beacon Hill. Jen, you've been sad for too long. Talk to someone who can actually help. You ever hear of a therapist? Oh, not a chance. Jackie would notice the money being spent, he'd start asking questions, and then he'd start dishing out answers. You can't make all your decisions based on Jackie. You need your own cash flow. Get a job. Oh, says the woman who last worked shucking oysters at Legal Sea Foods in '69. I sucked at shucking, remember? We're not talking about me, though. I'm not the one kneeling in church hoping to change my sex life. You were so happy when you were studying to be a teacher. Yeah, but then I, uh, I got pregnant. You're not pregnant anymore, Jen. I can't just go be a teacher. Why not? Thanks. You need something to do, or you're going to go crazy. Why do you think I host these fundraisers? My friends get drunk for a good cause. Cab gets celebrated for being charitable. And I have somewhere to put my energy when he makes me wanna fucking scream. You ever hear of a red prosecco? I finished my initial outreach to area community centers in other churches. Today, I'd like to discuss your involvement. My involvement is absolute. What I mean is, blaming the people who run the city's institutions, the police and the press, you know where that leads? Educate me. Racist cops storming into black neighborhoods, arresting anyone a shade darker than them. You have more than your congregation listening now, Reverend, so... please try to nuance your message. Did your husband put you up to this? You called him a house nigger. If we're to work together, that's unacceptable behavior. Sorry I'm late. No. Your timing is exceptional. Let's get down to business. I have some ideas on social events, all of which involve food. People are more likely to show up if there's a free meal. That leads to community building, plus they listen better when their mouths are full. Yes. Yes. Go on. You don't remember who you saw in the church that day? Not anyone? Maybe being afraid of catching a stray bullet has fucked up my memory. - Just tell me what you saw. - Why? - The fuck do you care? - You know what? I don't care. I don't give a fuck. You want to let these killers go? Fine. I don't give a fuck about you, your church, Reverend fucking Fields. What about Fields? He's dog shit on my shoe. I could tell you about him. Yeah. What do you want to tell me? Ain't what he says he is. You can stop searching. Sheik Sheehan. History of assault dating back to 1980. A long list. Must be a hothead. Associate of Thomas Hayes. Perfect. I'm not seeing anything here that connects him to Kinicki. Okay, these are all assault charges, right? Aggravated assault, assault and battery. But something changes here. In May of 1988, Sheehan gets a DUI. From that point on, it's alcohol-related crimes. DUIs, public intox. Two years of that, and then suddenly alcohol is nowhere to be found. It's out of the picture. So? So, the date of the first DUI is immediately after the disappearance of Kelly Kinicki. The disappearance drove him to drink. And then what? Time healed the wound? He sobered up. How do you know? I followed him yesterday. I saw him coming out of an AA meeting. Well, these are good ideas, Rachel, but until we can prove a connection to Kinicki, that's all they are. Jenny, you got a visitor! Ma, I'll be right down. - Who's here? - Take a look. Ma. Ma, Ma, what's he doing here? Got excited for a second. Thought you'd finally decided to step out on your loser husband with a nice young piece of ass. Ma, you're talkin' about a priest. Good thing, too. You can just call him Father. He has one of those unpronounceable mick names. Oh, wait, don't you use those. What's wrong with these? Nothing. They're the best ones. Here, use the good ones. You don't use the best ones for a priest, who you saving them for? Cardinal or above. Ah. Thanks, Ma. Hi, Father Doyle. How you doing? I hope I'm not interrupting your day. Oh, no. Just laundry. So, uh, what can I do for you? The way things went the other day, you shouldn't be leaving the church feeling worse than when you came in. That obvious, huh? I'd be happy to... honored to... to counsel you, to help you in any way that I can. All due respect, Father, I'm getting sick of men telling me what to do. That's fair enough. But Father Bender is Father Bender. He's not the Catholic Church. He and I don't share the same point of view on everything. You didn't speak up when he blamed me for my husband's sins. I'm not from Ireland, I'm from Northern Ireland. Speaking up can get you killed. If talking isn't the answer, then what else can I do for you? Answer me this, Father. Am I too old to start over again? No. Not at all. Then how do I start? You take an honest, even brutal look at yourself. Savor what gives you joy. Confront what doesn't. Rely on your friends. And I hope you'll consider me one. He got angry. Reverend Fields does not like to be criticized. Who does? Now I'm really not in the mood for my mother tonight. Me neither. You said it first. I'm allowed to. She's my mother. The pro bono stuff's a challenge. I have to prove to the partners that the cause is worth me losing the billable hours, so there's zero margin for error. Especially being me. Like I told you, take your time. You just got this position. You can't change the world all at once, not if you're pissin' your bosses off. Imagine if someone had said that to you when you were my age? Oh, you'd have hit them upside the head with your protest sign. Sounds about right. Uh-huh. I wish we could have seen you in action. All fired up. I would have loved to have seen that too. The legend of Eloise Knowles Quays Hastings. That's right, baby. I still care. But I-I've learned what works and what doesn't. The world got small. Gotta look after your own first to keep them safe. We've been worrying about you since the shooting. You live up here, you still go to church down there. Guys, I'm fine. We're fine. You'll understand when you're a parent. Well, just hitting all the talking points tonight, huh? You two would make some cute babies. Decourcy, you want kids? Yeah, someday. Yeah. You're both just too busy, though. All right, I'm gonna say this once and let it go. Oh, only once, huh? Your dad would have loved a grandchild. How are you doing? How are you? Excuse me. Welcome, everyone. Nice to see everybody here. Okay, let's get the meeting started. First time? How'd you know? We've all been there, every single one of us. It's a tough place to be. Mm-hmm. Where you from? You asking me what I am? Is that what you're getting at? Did I say that? I asked where you're from. I'm from Revere. So, uh, have you been coming here a while? I had to. Work. Oh. Yeah. State job. They paid for rehab. But I had to come here after. And how much longer you got to go? They don't make me come here anymore. What about you? What made you show up? Why today? You know, um... I'm not really ready to talk about that - for now, so... - Yeah. Do you remember your first time? Oh, sure. I was out of my fucking mind. Finished a whole bottle of whiskey right outside that door before I stumbled in. Wow. Something terrible must have happened. A friend of mine had died. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, I mean, he went missing. We think he's dead, but who knows? But that's worse, maybe. No, never gonna be any other way. He was like family, you know? And when he died, just... It's hard to find family, you know? People who really know you. Who you trust. - Yeah. - You know. ...for a money-back guarantee. For more information on our products, call 1-800-555-0199. ♪ Wah ♪ ♪ Wah-Wachusett ♪ ♪ Wachusett Mountain ♪ ♪ Mountain skiing... ♪ Jackie? Mm-hmm. Good morning, Boston. Bundle up... Clouds, winds into the northwest. Make way for sunshine midday, and a high of 39 this afternoon. Clear tonight... Tomorrow we've got sunny skies all day and temperatures climbing into the low 40s. Enjoy it while you can because lows are back below freezing this weekend. Hello? Corie. Hey, sweetheart. Oh, fuck, Cathy. What, that's how you greet me? We used to be like sisters. You only call when Jimmy fucks something up or goes missing. Which we got? Uh, second one. You heard from him? Not a peep, thank Jesus. All right, uh... Listen, could you do me a favor? Can you... can you let me know if you see him? Do you think he's coming here? He's been antsy to see the girls. No. No. No way. I... I do not want my kids around that douche bag. You tell him to stay the hell away. Well, I... - Shit. - I got it, I got it! Megan, Nikki, to your room. This Sheehan character is a known accomplice to the other witness? We believe he and Hayes were both criminal associates of the deceased. And who's the informant? The informant you quote in the subpoena. Can you produce him? Her? It? If we had to, we could, Your Honor. But this case is tangentially tied to another ongoing investigation. You said we could produce the informant. Yeah. I'm the informant. Yeah. And what if Judge Tyrone wants to meet me? What do you do? I don't know. Uh, plead the Fifth? Whoa, you got some place to be? What? No. You sleep well? Uh, yeah. Except for the fact that I miss my beautiful wife. Shut up, Jackie. Oh, sure. Nothing's good enough. Oh, I-I hurt your feelings? Hey, what'd you do to my father's model? Snoopy plane, snapped in two. I have no idea what you're talking about. What did she do to piss you off? More than usual. What'd she do? I wanna go back to school. I wanna teach. Where the fuck is this coming from? - I want a job. - Why? I make plenty of money. This isn't about you. You haven't let up once about Bennie, now you want to fuck off all the time in college? My mother can watch her. Oh, yeah, your mother. Right, great. Yeah, my mother raised me. You raised yourself. What, so you're saying that I-I can't do it? Jen, we're talking about a, a shitload of homework, a shitload of classes here. No kidding. I know. So, what am I supposed to do? Sit around here day after day, waiting for you not to fuck me? You want to fuck? I'll fuck you right now. - Let's do it. I'll fuck you. - Don't do me any favors. All right. So, what? That's it? You just give up? No. I'm going to college either way. Can't even raise your own kid. Someone's gonna let you teach theirs? That wasn't fair. No. No, you never are. - Cupcakes? - Big party and cupcakes. Hello? Hey. - Oh, come here, sweetheart! - Daddy! How are you? Oh, I missed you so much. Oh, you look gorgeous. Look what I brought you. Huh? It's nice, huh? Yeah? - Thank you, Daddy. - You're welcome. - Surprise. - Jimmy... I'm gonna do better, be better. I'm sorry, Jimmy. Girls, come here. What the fuck? - I didn't know what else to do. - Oh, you... Oh, you fucking bitch. You shouldn't have come. I got a right to see my fucking kids. Jimmy... Found this in your car. - You planted that. - Yeah, right. You fucking planted that. Do not make a scene right now, Jimmy. I'm not going. Jimmy. - Jimmy! - He's running! He's running! Fuck you! Fuck you! Oh, fuck! Fuck! Don't make it hard. It's okay. It's okay. And we'll need you for a couple days out of the week for about a month, give or take. Now, look, this isn't a regular trial, okay? Once we convene, there will be no judge. There will be no defense presented, all right? Just you, me and the witnesses. As the hearings progress, you can ask me or the witness any questions that you may have. All right? Now, I know you're smart people. You're caring people. You read the papers. Huh? You... you-you watch the news on the TV. You know that the police are not always the good guy. They can be careless. Corrupt. You know prosecutors fumble. Make bad deals. Put bad men back out on the street. Now, this right here, all this. This, this you, this right here is our justice system in action. You. You have a chance to be a part of change. You can decide who gets to face punishment for the crimes that they committed. You can fill this city's moral potholes. Now I want you to imagine for me that your son, your father, your brother, went missing. ♪ Dramatic music plays ♪ Four years later, you still have no idea what happened. No body to pray over. Wouldn't you want someone to find the guilty party? Convict the guilty party? Keep searching for the truth regardless of race or religion or how much money is in your bank account? Well, you can do that searching. You can help the Kinicki family. Instead of watching the news, getting depressed, you can do something. Together, we can do good. So much good. I believe that. And I hope you do too. You know the drill. - Hello? - You set me up? You're asking me if I put cocaine in your car? Now, why would I do something so fucking idiotic when you can handle idiotic all by yourself? I mean, Jimmy, come on, who the fuck takes coke to Miami? So, what do I got to do? How 'bout this? You spend the next few years down there, sweltering, and I'll start planning for my retirement. Jackie, Jackie, come on. I can still help you, okay? You ju... you got to get me out. Jimmy, you said you want to be close to your kids, right? Well, they got visiting hours. Jackie. Jackie. Jackie! ♪ You push ♪ ♪ Push, push ♪ ♪ So good ♪ ♪ You push ♪ ♪ Something tells me ♪ ♪ Something tells me ♪ ♪ Something tells me you can read my mind ♪ ♪ Something tells me ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 