Love Island: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Yamen starts to build a deeper connection with Alana, while Caro gets to know Cormac a little better. Meanwhile, all the Islanders band together for Weston's rootin'-tootin' birthday, which... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Warning, the following programs contain love, and a fast talking narrator. ♪. Previously, how far back should we go? Who's ready for a summer of love? In case you had a big weekend, let me catch you up. Week one on "love island" five girls coupled up with five guys. Then bombshell Kyra came in and stole one of the guys cashel. Leaving single, then two new byes Abercrombie & Fitch, aka Cormac and Dylan turned up the heat. Then big decision in the first recoupling. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cormac. Meant Michael got dumped. Tonight relationships move forward. You will be spending tonight in the hideaway. There is a hoedown and a showdown. Alana. I hear it's someone's birthday. I hear it's someone's birthday. On Friday Michael the vegan was vegone, and now we have Zac and Elizabeth, yamen and Alana Weston and Mallory, cashel and Kyra, and new couples Dylan and Alexandra and Cormac and caro. You close your eyes. No one can find you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Caro's decision left her feeling devastateed, for four seconds. Now she is bravely moving on by talking to the man she did choose, Cormac. Was it hard to do. It was a hard decision just because I felt like I betrayed Michael because like he had this idea that like me and him were going to be coupled up as friends. But the thing is, it is like I'm not here to like be friend friends. Cormac, he is a funny guy, great personality. So there is me giving him a chance to be in this villa and me giving a chance on myself on trying to find love. You know, I am happy that I am coupled up, you know. You are happy that you are coupled up with me? I'm happy I'm coupled up with you. An this is me being honest. Okay. And this is why I made this decision. Okay. Thank you. For being honest. With Michael I knew there was nothing, with you, I don't know that yet, you know, I'm happy that I can, like, be coupled up because it feels like I have someone that I can get to talk to. Okay, great. Because have I been single. I have to go-- shave my leg, don't even look at them. Definitely going to make more of an effort to hang out with caro because she say nice girl, she say very beautiful girl. I am very lucky to be with her. Even when I do understand him, I don't understand him. Even when I do understand him, I don't understand him. Weston. Hey, girl. What's up. What are you doing? I want to talk to you. Yeah, talk to me. What's up? So how do you feel about tonight. I felt good about anything. I think are you very sweet and very nice. Obviously like I think are you a great guy and like you deserve to be here and you deserve to find love like everybody else does, and that is why I picked you to stay around. I am really bad at this kind of stuff. I don't really feel lake it's right for me. I don't see it romantic. Qui. I don't like want to force anything or have anything awkward or uncomfortable. During the recoupling I did say I am a sucker for cowboys. I was just being nice, being funny, trying to crook a joke. And but you know, can I see why that might have sent him a mixed message. I didn't really mean it in that way that, that I like like him. You feel that we just need to do friend thing, like that's 100 percent okay with me. I am agreeing with you, I know you want to be friends. Yeah, just friends. Yeah. You are not attracted to me, in that direction, and I'm not like either, so it's like not a big deal. Oh. At the end of the day, like, if you don't follow your heart, than what are you doing here. The conversation with Mallory, I feel happy about it. I feel like another weight was off my shoulders. I'm glad she was honest, so yeah, I feel good about it, to be honest. Yeah, we are using this song. Good night. I like, I really do like you. It is love island, things change quickly and the thing that kind of gets me nervous is like a new person comes in, and then maybe they suddenly give you that spark, now like I'm by myself. I'm not letting you push a a leg across me and be all up on me and. That is what I was thinking. Even today, the kiss was kind of nice, oh-- hmmmm. It's a really expensive song, you guys. We have o to play the whole thing. I don't want to wait for our lives to be over. ♪ ♪ open up your morning light. ♪ Say a little prayer. ♪ You know that if we are-- smoat. ♪ You know that if we are-- smoat. ♪ On the kitchen floor sneet but here I lie. ♪ It it brings us. ♪. I'm so happy I'm here. I heard you guys going on. I was like oh. Yeah, bro. I slept so well last night. I did I really did he was in my dream but like I don't remember what the dream was. I'm having a really good time with yamen, you see that, what I did there sth. Supermarket attendant Zac joins Elizabeth to take stock of their relationship. Hi. What's up. Me an Zac are definitely progressing. It is good. I was laughing too because I was like night one, is with like don't touch me. And then like night two, like, our feet touched. And then like night three, like we had a kiss so where is your head at, after last night. Do you feel like-- we talked about a lot of things. Aw law. Like talking about, like, like what kind of marriage you want to have in life and family and all of that. I think it's so funny. Like we're just touching feet two nights ago. Yeah. Like, where my head is at like right now, um, I like you a lot. I like you a lot it too. I mean like guys definitely see it. Yeah. And I don't know, I'm really happy. Me too. I think-- I still think it's really crazy. It's so crazy. Absolutely crazy. And I don't know, like. I really did mot expect this. Like I can't even like, I feel like it it sounds weeshed, oh, I didn't expect this to happen, like no I literally did not expect this. Are you feeling a Lana. No, yeah, we had a nice cozy smooch session last night. I heard. It was pleasant. You are amazing. It was pleasant. What she said to me was the cutest thing w I am like, you know, she makes me smile, I'm halving a good time with it, I like where it is going. At first I felt like she was trying to press herself on me a little bit. And I feel like she is like adapted to it and I'm like hell ya, high five, give me a kiss, Alana showed a lot of maturity in me being able to take my vibe, of just let things happening. And things have been natural. She say great girl. She seems like she is a very great girl. Everything yesterday, the whole recoupling and all that, a little speech and everything. I was like okay, this is nice. Sth nice. I thought it was very sweet. I thought it was very genuine, it made me feel nice and special. It made me feal like ooh, you know. I feel like you have grown a lot since you have been here. And I don't know, I really like the way things are heading. And I enjoy hanging out with you. I enjoy cuddling with you. I don't know, I'm really having a good time with you. And I feel like it is 100 percent like, just, 100 percent genuine and it's real. Ah. Yeah, yeah, it's all great over here. It's all crazy. >> Arielle: Islanderred to's game, float my boat. There you go. Baby, get on my back, we're going. Oh joy a'hoy t it is our first gratuitous slow-mo shot of the week. Today's game is float my boat. And we all know what floats mine. Being forced to explain rules. Each couple must work as a team toin flait a sea worthy raft. But it gets better. The girls are blindfolded. And just like a weekend trip to that massive Swedish furniture store, the boys will scream instructions as their partner. The first couple to paddle around that weird-looking pink duck and make it back across the finish line actually win something this time. You will see the prize later. Being blindfolded is freaking terrifying. Usually you do that if other areas. Right. We couldn't afford a fog horn so I will do the honors. Here goes. Hey. ♪ Chop chop. Here we go. Keep it coming there is still more, yeah. Keep going back that way. No, no, no. The other way, now we got to find the hole. I didn't really have to do much, actually. Just walk forward, boom, dun, get the thing, put it in the thing, boom, boomk boom. Stand up, stand off it, are you good there, there you go, yeah. Come on now let's work. No, no, no, no. Stop. No. No, no. None of that. I'm getting tired. She has done this before. Like I literally felt like I was going to pass out. Alex, watch out, Alex, there is a trap, watch out for the crab. You just started listening to Yemen telling to you keep going. I am like no, you're done. This is a disaster, I done even trust them on land. I think we were like the third ones out there and then I managed to pass up caro and Cormac. Everything went smooth there was no part where I was getting frustrated. Okay, let's go. You hold that. The paddle board was literally flapping in the wind. It was a floppy flipper. Mallory, it deflated paddle board was a symbol of their relationship. Tomorrow night on love island, Alana and yamen finally make it to the water. I think somebody's winning to-- just call me when they're done. We won! Let's go! Boom. We both wanted to win really bad. We went from first, second, thrird. It was better. Our board did not float. We had a down fall, we made it freaking work, didn't we? I was just hanging on for dear life. I said baby, imet on my back, we're going. We were second to last. It was terrible. We're first in everyone's hearts. We got it to the ocean, Alana is at the spa. She's just chilling. She was able to have a spa day. I was just-- was just Michael Phelps. I was fell paragraphing. And I was feeling it. >>. We finished so. And we looked the best doing it. Hmmmm, hmmmm, uh-huh. We did. Well, as they say, the couple that rationalizes failure together, I will see you back at the villa. I really like it. The morning where we are just chilling, getting back rubs and arm rubs. Would you let your daughter date somebody like you? Yeah. You have frekels, can we put-- it kind of hides them. I want to tell you something. What's up? I like you. I like you too. You like playing with hair. Uh-huh. I like your hair like this. I love you guys. I quhanged my vibe. Just wait, wait. I'm actually hoping that Cormac show falls for me, you know when aw make a bad boy good, kind of thing. I'm kneeling swagalicious myself. >>. I can't believe it. Isn't it it crazy how you can connect with people like so fast, what it is like, you are here at home what is it like dating. I feel like I'm a dude in the situation where I will start to get involved and he will be putting like himself out there and then I get freaked out because I don't want to get hurt first so I either distract myself or just slowly paddle out or-- but here it is just like I don't have that choice. Right. And I'm starting to like someone and I don't have the choice of back peddling and continuing. Back home, dating just is hard and I feel like you talk with so many guys and they just flop. So I like to figure out why. I feel like okay, so like I needed this. I never like go around guys without makeup. I have always felt uncomfortable about it just because I have always been insecure about t and Dylan made a comment, I like you so much better without makeup. You look so pretty. And it just made me so happy, like I'm just happy to be like in this close of a setting. Like family. It has opened me up so much, because that is what hurts, and like, I love you guys. Oh. I know, I know. We love you. Love you. The boys are so sweet and would never scheme to prank them with a fake tat. Hashtag first rodeo, hashtag first rodeo. I like that. I got a tat! Weston is going right now. What 1234 wait. Your new hair 150eu8 look as maizing, caro. I give it a cardi b plus. Guys, my heart is going to drop. My heartbeat, what the hell is going on. Oh my god, a mu girl, right, new girl. Weston, America has voted, please head to the front of the villa to meet your first date. Hashtag happy birthday hash tack first rodeo. Let's about. Let's go. Oh my imod. Can you believe it? Oh my god! Yes! It's a joke. It's a joke. It's a joke, it's a joke. Wait, what. No, they are not-- no, really? It's a joke. That is a joke? Are you serious? Are you serious! Weston, are you serious! I was going it to cry, are you kidding me? Oh my god! That was not nice. I will never touch any of them ever again. Oh my god. I could have been drinking. We're going to get your ass back. They got us good, that, the hashtags they used were on point. I am still mad. I was so stressed out. I was like oh my. They put me-- oh, go on. In the the recoupling caro chose Cormac very imood. And mow she's hoping to find out what it is. There is awesome. I'm just analyzing you. Are you going to stare at me all night. Yeah. I'm glad, I'm coupled with you because I feel if I wasn't I wouldn't be ksh-- pretty much. But hold on, like I had one day, like, lake I had one day. And exactly I chose you it to see if there is a connection between me and you. So far, I don't know. I feel like for me I'm very good at reading people and I read you pretty well. Like I mow are you just waiting por something to twawk in the door, I am a's not dumb. I mean I want you to to realize I chose you for that. Yeah, I know. I didn't chose you it to be a friend. You just have to make it it clear. If you don't see a connection with me, let me know. Yeah, I know. And it's like obviously, I don't think we are 100 percent each other's type. Yeah. It's like kind of like. I think I was more attracted to you with your. Obviously I don't want somebody who is more attracted to me like who I am. That is just may being honest am but I'm just saying, me being honest I would not want it to be together with someone who is more attracted to me when I'm not being myself, you know. Yeah, sure. There wasn't much of a conversation. I think she maybe wanted me to say more or maybe wanted more out of me but will much wasn't much more it to be said. Are you off in the distance with Cormac. Yeah. Just waiting for me to come n I'm trying to get a investigation but he is waiting for someone to come in. He even told me that. You told me you weren't into him. When. You shut him down from the get go. Yeah, you are right, approximate you I keep imetting are you mot my type, would you turn on your ass. Yeah. But me coupling with him was to see if there would be a connection. There and I'm trying to build what connection but he's like, doesn't feel like. But you shut him down. Yeah, I know t just-- if it disunt flow. Right now I do want to focus encore mack but I want to keep getting to know Weston but I think it will be very casual. I just want to chill. You like a little bumble bee that likes to get pollen. You like to communicate with people. You are flirty. I will be honest. You are flirty. So that being said, like. You are saying yeah, just. I hate myself within yeah, so listen, so then as a guy perspective, you look like that same kind of person, like are you talking, talking, talking. If a guy went and talked to all these girls, y'all are going to go he is such a player, flirting with all the girls. I feel like it it is the friend, I feel Luke I don't want to ksh-- I don't know. I am going to shoot you straight, I promise. I'm giving you real advice. So what would you advise me to do. I would get it to know him. You have to open that window back up. You have to open the window up. Remember that fake text before the break, me needer. Let's see how they handle a real one. Send. Oh my gosh, wait, I got a text. No, you didn't. No, I swear to god. What 1234. No way. It says Dylan and Alexandra, as a reward for wing today's game float your boat you will be spending tonight in the hideaway ! Hashtag anchors away, hashtag first mate. What? Yeah. You you going it to the hideaway. Yeah. Are you excited, are you nervous. I'm excited. I feel like Dylan is just like so different from a lot of guys that I have met. Is he really genuine. He just made comments to me like I love you without makeup and no guy has ever said that to me. He is just like a really sweet guy. I'm just excited for you. You imet privacy and stuff. Yeah. After him talking today too saying I definitely like Alexandra, what about some other girls he was like no he was so sure of it. That is really nice. I'm excited to just talk to him without annoying everyone around me. All right, well what's up dude, are you going to plan for tonight. No, have I zero plan whatsoever. Do what you feel. I got no plan at all. See what is am there. I flow we went on a date together, one-on-one and that was awesome. Whenever we talk it's awesome. And she is always awesome, so I'm hoping the same thing will happen and it's still awesome. Do you guys like him. Yeah. I haven't made out with someone since October. What. Oh my god. Well, have fun. Yeah, have fun. Yeah, I am just going to have fun. Have fun. What! There is so weird. Sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs lick your toes. I'm scared. Yo. Oh my god, it's so cool. The night is young. ♪ But so are we. ♪ Let's get to know each other. ♪ So easily. ♪ I'm excited. ♪ Is he actually superchill. ♪ I am I am morer in vows-- nervous for people. It is weird because we are always around people. I know. Oh you are burnt. You don't have to. ♪ We could. Right now, it is almost too good to be true how good we get along. I know. We could probably go pretty far. Or whatever your type is walks am the door and you're like I am over over this guy. Good night Cormac. Good night pro. Good night guys. >> ♪. >> ♪. I did get butterflies when you kissed me though. Did you. Uh-huh. Hmmmm. We could dpsh-- oh my. Check out the love island app por exclusive content and stir things up by voting. Download the app tonight, available for free on ios and and android devices. Within Dylan and Alexandra spent the night in the hide aaway which say pansee way of saying moar room am the villa. Now everyone wakes up and it is a special day for one of our islanders. >> (cheers and applause) Everybody imet up. >>. Every day say new beginning. ♪. Whoa. Oh they got the walk of shame. Oh, what was y'all doing last night. Yeah, yeah! Happy birthday! Happy birthday, boss. Thank you, brother. Did you sleep w-8. It was good. Clear as hell today too. Jeez. Pretty dope that your birthday is inside here because I would always remember this birthday. I can't wait to have an amazing day doing amazing stuff for Weston's birthday is about to be lit. Yeah, bro, whatever you want, you request it, so you should actually request something from everyone today. Yeah. Let's hear about this-- trn. Hideaway. Hideaway action. St like the perfect spot to like, I don't know how to explain it we sat down on the balcony and just like, we just opened up about stuff that, you know, would you never open up with, like without that situation. It was just insane. Tand is hard not to be in that, like, lovey dovey. It gets new that mood even if you are not in it, right. It's crazy. It has just been really enjoyable. And I'm trying not to even think if I'm getting feelings yet, but it's been awesome. And and trying to take it slow but it's hard to take it slow. Girl. Hey. Hey girl. What's up how did it loosh like in there. It's really cute. How was it. It was so good. It was just like really chill, you know. I don't know, I am like giddy it is so weird. It was just really nice. That's so cute. And he was so cute. I know. Did you make out. Yeah, we made out but that's it. My friends back home are probably like yeah! They're probably so happy. What's it like, ready girls, is there any like-- it doesn't seem like there is muchiness. No, not at all. If a girl comes in here and wants to to talk, like of course I'm going to talk. That's fine. You know what I mean. Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean I always said like. Like I know where you are at with if. With what? Like you always said if you want to talk, talk. Uh-huh. If you want to do that, do that. Uh-huh. I know, I know you respect it. Uh-huh. I'm not trying to get nothing out of you. I ain't looking. But you know what I mean. Yeah, I know what you mean. I ain't looking around. I'm not either but yeah, obviously approximate someone came through and if there is a strong connection, you have to go with that. At the end of the day with a new girl coming in, if he's like, I'm like all right, your loss anyways and then it wasn't meant to be. I'm not going to be happy about it because I have really been putting my time into cash and I'm really starting to like him, which I did not expect. Meanwhile birthday boy Weston continues to celebrate with Zac in a reenactment of brokeback mountain. This is my first bromance bubble bath, so two big guys chilling in the bath together. Put your feet on. How do you find out if you are--. It is not something that happens often for me but I. You know I get into the inside and I am think being it a lot. And I it is kind of word vomit and I think that definitely applies to Elizabeth. I think we connect really well and I think we have like a good understanding of each other. I feel like this is just what was supposed to happen at the right place at the right time. One of the things that I want in life is I do want a family. I want to have my own kids. Another thing for me is I the attractiveness of a girl, I always picture. You know that pretty quick. Right. Like I want to find a girl and actually have a family. I think I would just really like taking on the spoivelt of being a father. I think I would be a good dad. So it's like something that I, yeah, I really want in life. Well, ain't you comfy there on yon island, well, cowboy, that is going to change the moment I send you this here text message. Sent. I got a text. Yeah. Come round, come round. Everyone here? Island Ares trk is time to dust off your party boots and get ready to celebrate Weston's birthday. Country style, hashtag wild wild western hashtag saddle up. Yee you what. Cheesier. St my birthday, going to be a rodeo up in here. Yee what, baby. In honor of our cowboy birthday I'm surprising the villa with two gifts that Weston is sure to love, Mallory may not I'm Kristen, 24 years old and from louisville, Kentucky. I work for a sales and business development for an embroidery company. I need someone who is supermotivated and has a drive that makes me want to do better. What I have seen so far is everyone relaxing, they are comfortable so I want to go in there I want to challenge them and go for what I want. My name ask k59 reasona from San Francisco, California. I'm a beauty queen but not your typical beauty queen. I'm the type of giferl that will always have your back unless you mess with me the wrong way. I'm not all about looks, that is the thing with me and I think people think that I am. I am all about personality and vibe. At the end of the day I just got to do me. The islanders get ready for Weston's cowboy party with a little ranch dressing. I'm abouting too take my horse. ♪ I'm going to ride till I can't no more. ♪. Tonight we are celebrating Weston's birthday and it's going to be some like western rodeo type theme. More country what is more country with a yellow dress. >>. West is for sure life of the party, we're all excited to celebrate my boy's birthday, I know it it is going to be a lot of fun for sure. I'm ready to get roio ready. I can't wait to. Party, party two, two, one. That's it it, huh? Whooo! I have mefer been to a rodeo but you know the stories that Weston tells me, they sound like a good time. We're going to two-step. I don't know anything about line-dancing. You know hoy hard it it was to find 12 cowboy hats in Fiji! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you. ♪. Guys. Happy birthday to Weston happy birthday to you. ♪ Yolo! Speech. Whooo! Don't mess with Texas. Don't mess with texans. That is a real cake. That looks delicious. I can't even-- words aren't enough for tonight, you all literally made my birthday very special it means a a lot to me because I don't normally vey big birthday like. This and I will remember this forever. Love you all. Anything else. This is the best flipin cake I have ever had in my life. We love Weston so much, mi so happy he had such a good birthday, it has been so fun, I love country stuff so this sa a dream come true. Everything is bigger in Texas. No. I got a text. Happy birthday Weston. Hope you have had a wild evening. We can't wait to celebrate with you. See you soon, Katrina and chrisen, xoxo, hashtag room four, two more. Oh my god. >>. Katrina and chrisen. Bring hem out. Westen imets a text and reading it out and I Mallory is just like-- there. Where are they? Bring them out. Come on. Weston, that is a imreat it text to receive, bro. I think all of us kind of just a little shaken about chrisen and Katrina coming in. It it is scary. We all get a little insecure, seeing two new pretty faces come in. The moment we have all been waiting for. Every girl in there should be threatened. Two new girls means that some of these dollies might be parting. I want to see how the boys react. They better snd these girls in in some sexy cowgirl outfits. How is everybody feeling? I'm fine. You can't solve whatever. Things are about to get crazy. It's about to go down. It's about to get crazy. I saw that. I'm kind of digging this. Hi! Hey. Hello. Whooo! What's smup. Welcome, welcome. I heard it's someone's birthday. I will take that. It's me. Happy birthday. Happy birthday it to you. Chrisen and Katrina are exactly what the villa needs. I will come get ya. Happy birthday, sir. Stay tuned for a sneak peek of tomorrow night's episode. Tomorrow night, it's all approximate fun and games, until someone gets hurt. I'm done trying to get you know you, shake my hand, I'm done. Like bye. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 