Love Island: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 The two new girls don't get the warmest reception from some of the female Islanders, but the boys more than make up for the chilly reception. Meanwhile, after spending quality time with ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captioning funded by CBS >> Arielle: The warning the following contapes love, trust and tropical back stapping. ♪ Previously. On "love island." We had a ho-down, a bro-down. Two big guys going in the back together. Arielle: And a showdown. Hello! Arielle: As two new islanders entered. I heard it's someone's birthday. Arielle: Tonight, the new girls make their Mark. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Arielle: Tonight, the new girls make their Mark. Hi! Arielle: During the birthday, two new girls, Kristen and Katrina nose seed in to the villa. I'll come get you. Arielle: Our ogcow girls were looking down on them already. Hi. Arielle: Something tells me that even with the 76 bedrooms the villa won't be big enough for all of them. Hello. How are y'all? How are y'all? I'm the birthday boy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm west on. I'm your present. Kristen and Katrina walk in, they look gorgeous from far away, dang, they look good. They walk up they still look good. I feel funny. I feel really funny. Two new guys came, I felt normal. But two new girls I feel a little rock in the villa. What's up? Hi! Nice to meet you. Hello. How are you? Katrina? What is your name? Kristen. How are you? Nice to meet you. Should the girls have the upper hand. I'm like, duh. Kentucky? This is my scene, you know. Kristen and Katrina culminate in life. They're very, very attractive. Two are very pretty girls, very tall. They look like they're doing some modeling before. Their before confident. There it is. Looks fun, huh? Got to use these for something. You guys look so cute all like cowboys. I love it. Sure. Do you want any of my cake? First time in my life -- I can't wait to get to know them. Look how big the cake is. You came from where? San Francisco. What part? In hayward. Like the bay area. Poor Max. I look at cake the same way. Play it cool, Courtney. Better. Meanwhile, up at the everything's okay corral. I feel like a -- whatever. Let's just not iep look. Wait. Guys, you guys really care -- known these guys for five days, let's be real. Come on. This is like when your guy friends bring a new girlfriend to like a party and everyone is like -- but they always -- I think all of us kind of are just a little shaken about Kristen and Katrina coming in. Just, I don't know, it will be interesting to see what happens. A pretty face is a pretty face, that's all it is. From a woman to another woman. No one makes me nervous. You guys shouldn't be nervous. Thank you. I think that, yes, the new girl could find a liking to Tim. However, I think he's fine with me. So, you know, I'm really not that nervous about them being in the villa. Right, right, right, right, right. Hi! Hi! I'll give you -- hi, I'm Katrina. Katrina and Kristen. Kristen. Two new girls, they seem really nice. And, yeah, feeling pretty confident right now. Right. Right. Right. ♪ you're beautiful. Thank you. How old are you? 26. Really? I want to know, what are your types? Do have all night. Athletic. Like I need someone like -- personality, have to be kind to the waiter that is something I look at. Know how to change a tire. Get down and dirty. But also like, pretty boy, not my type. Pretty boy not my type either. I don't know. Normally don't normally have a too type. I've only had two boy friends. They have to be taller. Because I'm like all about my family. My brother and I for everything. Someone's funny like, my ex -- that's why we didn't work out. I don't know someone who is like ambitious like who wants something. Money has never been like a thing. But as long as of a mission that you wanted in something, I'm totally fine with that. I don't know. Yeah, that's good. Great. The girls are so freaking sweet. They're all so nice and welcoming. You know, everyone is just like here with open arms. I hope that I don't like step on anyone's toes or anything. Katrina has gorgeous eyes. I think Kristen is very savvy. I think the tall one with the strong handshake, I think other one is going to be very -- bubbly personality. But going to be very high maintenance. You know, you're rugged, though. The way you dress, too, you're not rugged. I think that girl is sexy. But going to have -- it boils down to me and him at the end of the day. We want y'all to see this these girls survive or not. I would not live Mallory unless you were -- it wasn't a friendship thing. But -- but you got to think about where new guy comes in. Mallory is fine, you're out of here. It's a tough spot anyway you look. Two girls or not but a lot of times we can't really go based off because don't know. I'm sitting back. Doing my thing. If they -- I feel like if I was sitting back, too, you probably sitting back, too. If they approach then I'll be respectful. But no way am I in pursuit. The villa is about to get intense. Two new girls means the stress is about to ram up a lot! ♪ [ Laughter ] ♪ Arielle: With new girls in the villa. West on welcomes them with a game whose name I won't mention at apm but Weston will. I'm sure you all heard of suck and blow, you got to pass the card, right. Gout to suck it then connect to the person around you. Say I'm holing it it drops, I have the dare. There's a dare on the back of these that are very, very interesting. Oh, my, god. All right. Action. Here we go. Can't even breathe in that well. I can't do it. It's okay. The person to your right gives you a dare. You got to make out to the person on your left. [ Laughter ] ♪ [ Laughter ] ♪ Kiss someone that's not your partner. All right. Come here. Ready? But it was a game like I've kissed plenty of times we all know how I feel about that. Cue Mallory's audition tape for denial island. I was really, really good at it like some people sucked at it. Like the new girl, Kristen, she sucked at it. That's fine. I'm going to be like, yeah! Ahh! Technically you're a -- [ Screaming ] Hope it's not back. With a member of the opposite sex. Weston this is an extra small just don't rip it, okay? What's happening here? I'm not scared to get down in the boxers, that was pretty dang fun. Both of them. Weston was so funny but I was more stressed out about him stretching out my clothes. I got this cute little set I didn't want him to stretch it out with his man thighs. Ah! Yeah! That's the -- come on! Kiss the tallest person in the villa. Sac. Let's do this. He's taller. Kristen. She's taller. Stand up. Whoo! Good job. I'll draw the card. Play it again! Is super funny, he's sarcastic, something that I'm attracted to. I want to get to know him better but I don't know if he has highways guard up with Alana. That is something I'm looking forward to poking around and see. The old poke and see. I'm on to you, sister. We need some tea time. Which girl do you fancy the most? I what? I'm a personality guy. So far which personality has sparked? I think Kristen is kind of sasse. You like a sass. No. Not at all. I think she's very bubbly I like her personality so far. I think she is a sweetheart. Spill the tea. I'm getting a vibe that Kristen is like into yamen, honestly. That's what he said. Like she's all like googley I'd. Which of your speedos is hanging in the plants? Me. I think the Kristen girl to -- which one is Christian? Kristen. The one with not the -- Christian is into you. I'm not in a position where I am on the hunt or on the prowl for like recoupling up with someone else. When I first saw Kristen, she's actually really pretty, let me -- mmmm yeah, okay, great. What do you think of everybody? Really nice. Your honest opinion. I feel like everyone's already so comfortable with who they're with. Yes, yeah, I completely. It's very like, oh, my, god. I completely agree. Oh, my, god. I'm over here like -- t's like no one is touching anyone. Like, everyone is like, oh, they're the couple. They're the couple. It's like -- almost jokey. Like Weston which is like -- he seems really nice but I feel like everyone is just so set in their couples. Like when I kissed yamen I apologized to Alana. That was sweet of you. I'm here for a reason like, I know I get it. I mean you go about it however you want to. It's my personality, I'm not going to come in be like, okay, he's mine, blah, blah, blah. We'll see how tomorrow goes, I guess. We'll see. Arielle: In the following scene the part of Weston will be played by the guy you can't accept as dating your recently divorced mother. Oh, my, god. Maybe it looks better on Weston. It does. Oh, no! Shut up! ♪ I've seen her here before ♪ Katrina is very bubbly, like ♪ I've seen her here before ♪ Katrina is very bubbly, like probably not into me, you know. Dating, when girls see something like this, you see a country guy. That's either like a huge turn on or huge turn off. Yeah. Like everyone is already like coupled up. But like as new girl that's what your role is. That's what you guys need to do. ♪ I want mall to find somebody, she's just upset with the situation if you find someone then she can't find someone, you know? Y'all have two guys come in obviously. Like that was her chance. I haven't had that chance of getting to meet anyone else. I haven't had that chance of getting to meet anyone else. ♪ ♪ here she comes, watch out boy she'll chew you up ♪ here she comes ♪ She's a man eater ♪ ♪ Arielle: It's the very first morning in the villa for our two new girls, Kristen and Katrina. Am I the only one who feels weird watching people sleep? No? All right. Don't hide Alana the camera loves you! Good morning. I feel like the vibe is super chill. I'm trying to figure out what should I be doing now? What kind of guy do you think you're most attracted to? I was like, yamen, seems like he's the most chill. So, I was like, okay, like I feel like I'd like to get to know him. I feel like I'm getting friend vibes. Yamen is really good looking. I always try to keep an open mind, an open heart closed legs, but open mind, open heart. So we'll see. How was last night for you? Last night for me was super -- I mean I kissed yamen. So, yes, it was interesting but I think it was a good thing. Last night was cool. But I feel like today is like when I'm going to try to talk to other people. Who do you think so far? I mean everyone is attractive in their own way just it's like, what's my type Zach, he's kind of a baby-faced. He looks like a pretty boy. I like that. Almost like if you had more facial hair. Like a baby. But he's super funny. I think he's really weird, too, so okay, that's kind of interesting. I'd like to like kind of see what more he has. Weston, he's always cracking jokes which is great. He's really down to earth, seems really chill and genuine he's hella funny, clearly very confident in himself, very comfortable in his own skin. I know, like -- you don't look good. I didn't think that. Bases goofy, you know. Yamen. He's hard. I think he's funny. I kind of have an eye, maybe just like one eye on someone. I think yamen is super cool. He seems chill. I feel like he's comfortable with Alana. I know. She was already hugging him I was like, well -- I'm scouting out like. Alexandra was spooning, sweet. Cuddle, cuddle, nice. Should I just slither in be like, hey, cuddle me! Can I be part of the group? Right now in the villa seems like everyone is super comfortable with who they are with, that's great. But I'm here for a reason. And my goal is to find someone, you know, that I can connect with and hopefully cuddle up with. How are things over there? I'm scared. Didn't notice anything. I want to look. I'm not scared of the Katrina girl she seems like nice and stuff. Kristen is like, where is your head at. I think she's a big pitch. I just think -- don't know. I'm getting weird vibes. When I try to talk to her she's like -- yeah. Same. Like, what? Like what are you looking at? Kind of thing. It's not just me I'm scared that she doesn't like me. I don't think she likes anybody. Arielle: So many glorious sights and sounds, but none as beautiful as -- send! You guys, I got a text! [ Housing she'll -- Katrina and Kristen, it's time for you to play the field. Today you will be speed dating all of the boys. # fastlove, #quicky. Never done speed dating. I don't even go dating normally. So this is going to be very interesting. Speed dating ♪ -- never in my life have I gone speed dating. I've dated a lot of women really fast, does that count. What are you going to talk about on the speed date? What is your technique? I don't know. Should be fun. You try to impress them? I don't know. Takes some girls time to get to know me. You don't like that? Why, do you care that I might care? Of course! Yeah? Caro is watching him like a hawk. She's like, shut up! That's so funny. I told you when we first started I was like, I'll get to know the girls. I'm not going to go out of my way. Soon as those girls gives you attention you will jump on it right away. Because I like attention. Think it's more about your ego that you want to prove that the girls are into you and you would make that point. No. That's not true. At the end of the day I'm here to, you know, like I'm going to give these girls a chance this is the start of that chance. And this is start to get to know them. Such a nice day. It looks good. But obviously he's going to try to see if he will be interested in them. But I have know, nobody is going to be as fun as me honey-boo. Look at the speed date. It's just them. ♪ Arielle: Our new girls are getting ready for their speed dates with the guys. So many possibilities. So many questions. Will they have a spark? Will someone's man get stolen? Will Dylan say anything this episode? Each boy will get two minutes to impress the girls before a bell rings signalling the end of the date. She's stunning. She's so gorgeous and three... Two... One: Go! Of your options open. I'm happy with the way. What do you do for fun? I surf a lot. So hot. Super hot. I'm listening, keep going. Would I go on another date with him, probably not. So, what do you like to do for fun? I hike with my dog and stuff. What kind of dog do you have? Like a cattle dog. Aw, I have a weiner. You have pretty eyes just keep rocking it. You know what I mean? It's okay. I'm fine. Limited time. What is he doing? He's trying to block the sun. Dangit. Thank you so much. Step into my office. I'm just playing. How are you feeling? I'm good. No complaints. I'm always happy. Good! I just want to ask like are you a closed book? Just with this whole experience, we all signed up to try to form the best -- connection. As you can. Obviously. We all hold to ourselves for whoever comes through that door to always give them a shot. She what's up. See if there is something there. Then if it's not, cool, it's not. Where I'm at, I'm cool. I'm chilling. I'm not like getting married to this person. I'm 100% getting to know people like -- what are some of the things you like to do for fun? I like playing basketball. What is your favorite team. Toronto. I know -- you were going for golden state. Date over. Get out of here. I'm done. Oh, shoot. Never mind. I really don't read people well. Okay, I wanted to know like where his head was at before entering the villa. Coming into "love island," honestly I'm looking for a girl to have fun with. I'm very adventurous, I came from Ireland, moved to Australia, moved to New York, looking to find someone to experience everything with because lot of what I've done has been on my own. So I'm looking for that partner in crime. Right, right. I get it. Wait. Now core Mac is leaning in, they're both leaning in. I'll tell where you I'm at. I'm interested in hanging out with you and hanging out with Katrina, that is just being honest. Typical date, what did you and your ex, was what was like -- did you watch movies, did you go out? Go out to dinner if you want to go out to dinner I'm very easy going I wouldn't mind watching a movie, staying home, eating pizza, easy. Pineapple on your pizza? No. If you want, okay, that's me. I'm easy going. Gotta go. All right, good. Thank you. Put the chair back in. You have fun? I had a blast. Katrina is very sociable. Very personallable she would be lined up with a girl that I would be interested in. ♪ so, what do you like to do for fun. Arielle: The love island speed dates are in full swing. New girls Katrina and Kristen have gotten to know three boys each. After Dylan and Kristen -- you caught my my eye but you had your guard up. Cormac and Katrina. You are super chill. Yeah. I feel like you're funny, too. In your own way. It's like, oh, my, god, there's more pressure for me to be funny. Arielle: There are three more to go each another knife in the heart of the girls watching on. So like you and Alana how is that going? Alana and I do like where it's going. Yeah, this is -- I'm definitely open to experiencing this whole thing, you know, we all owe it to ourselves to try to form the best connections that we can. To be honest like you were someone who caught my eye because I think you're genuinely funny. I don't think I'm funny. I think I'm stupid. You don't try. It's like you seem just like a genuine kid. So for me it's like, I'd like to get to know that more. And this is me laying it on the table because you never know what goes on in here like how short of a time I have. I just want to put that out there. A great man would be one to give up mid sentence. All right. Gotta go. Thank you. Yep, yep. I think yamen is playing it safe with Alana so on my date I wanted to make it clear like, hey, I'm here, you're someone that I'm interested in I hope that I kind of gave yamen maybe a second thought and wanted to try things with me. I feel like we're in a totally hitting it off as far as like conversation earlier, what do you think? Yeah. I think we totally vibe with a lot of different things. Yeah. I think you're hilarious. What? No big deal. What, me? I get a good vie from you. I think your personality is very similar to me. Because I'm like super bubbly like everyone gets along with you, everyone gets along with me. You could jump in any crowd and you'd fit in. Everybody would love you. Oh, my, gosh, smile, smile, smile. That's how you are, too. I'm a golden retriever. I'm run around. I'm playful. I'm loyal. That's how -- just want to be happy. I'm usually so closed off like I like friendship before anything else. Like when love is what is -- love is friendship. 100%. That's what it is. You have to connect with that person more than just like -- I am going to roast you better roast me back. Exactly. Please do. Otherwise I'm just like, okay -- [ Bell ringing ] Keep smiling it looks good on you. Thanks. I would say Weston is not my usual type. And that's weird. Because I really like our vibe together. I didn't feel like I had to go like, okay, what is my next question. So, yeah. Hey, dude. How is it going? I'm like, I already know. This is going to be fun. Going to be like a homey talk. We can have a homey talk. Trust me. Everyone here is like -- I'm like this is great. So I guess the question would be like if you would go on a date tonight. I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know. Because I feel like yamen is like comfortable with Alana. But then I'm like, but I still want to like kind of get to know him. What were you looking for like when you were coming in Arielle: Some people are family based, some people are tradition based and some people are -- I'm very much a vibe space person. I'm interested in what people have to say, like I'm interested in a girl who's open you like someone who is goofy. I'm like reelingly silly. I think I'm -- your odd. I'm an oddball. Is that who you like plan to stick with or are you open to entertaining other options? Uh-huh. You are kind of avoiding my question. I'll get there. Like, she and I have like awesome connection, absolutely. But -- you know. Like, yeah, like, I'm interested in getting to know people. Does that answer your question. It does. It's just hard. I was like this is longer. Doesn't it feel longer? Okay, so I'm super like weird, goofy, down to earth. I think my impression coming in was not that. So I just want to also like put that out to the men in here because I feel like they're almost like, Kristen -- you know? I'll pick that up. I'll play that card. [ Bell ringing ] Nice chattin'. Just sitting there. Get up. Exactly. What is going on here? What if he's talking game to her. What if he is actually talking game to her. She just goes all right. Hold it down with the drinks. You need a drink let me know. Later. Later. Later gator. He was like, he's smooth and he knows he's smooth and it's frickin' weirding me out. Not something that I wag for but he has this almost this like vibes -- Arielle: It's vibes. His draw, I don't know, something that draws the women in and he's -- I saw it tonight. Now I get it. I get how people can be drawn to cashel because hearing him I'm like, cashel, like, I'd go on a date with you. And I didn't really think I would. My main goal for the speed dating was to like, lay it on the line be like, where's your head at. Right now I think yamen is someone that I would like to get to know better. He was someone that like I -- since yesterday as I'm interested more because I think he has like a deeper -- there's -- I need to bring something out. I haven't seen it and I want to see it. Just go for it. I'm like, with Alana and stuff he's just playing it safe. He's not being true to himself. Cashel was very flirty. The thing is with him he knows like he's a flirt. He's someone I feel like I can sit here and actually -- it's so natural. That's his catch. That's wild. I don't want to see you be -- what are you feeling. Based off of the two dates are you interested in one of them? Like Katrina, not at all. You could possibly like be into Kristen? I guess I just -- I want to see her personality. Out of her, yeah. Cool. Chill. I keep it chill. Arielle: I am sweating over how chill she is. Are you good? Honestly, everyone is pretty much like surprised me because, like, I felt like I got to know more about each guy. Yeah. More. Of course. Like, I think my top three in no particular order, yamen, car Mac and Weston. Cormac. Like they all surprise me. Well, no, for yamen I feel like I want to get him know him, with Cormac just like 101 he was talking about his family, that was surprising. Then Weston is really cool like we super, like, vibe. We have the same values. But it's like for each one there's also like something that I don't like. Like -- so I don't know, I honestly don't know. Yeah. You know? Like -- me Weston vibe I feel like we vibe really well but then, like, my usual type wouldn't normally be that. Yeah. So, built I'm more into personality. You know, still, it's like a balance. Yeah, so I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. How this goes. What happens. At the end of the day, bro I am in a place where I'm going to stick with Mallory unless he -- here's the thing. I'm not about to dive off and jump at a girl if that girl is not jumping back at me at the end of the day f. There's a girl I'm interested in she's like into one of y'all I'm not about to go hunt that down. Oh, dude, no. We got to talk to you. We're trying to figure out how you feel. Off the jump obviously, like, who isn't like physically attracted to Kristen. Like, she's a hotty. She's super hot. She seems very silly and so we kind of -- we joked we were kind of just like, just shooting it for a second there. And then I think like we could probably -- we will connect over that. Like her kind of style of silliness is my kind of style of silliness. It looks like yamen is going to be leading it. I don't think I'm going to be leading it. She's for sure into you. Which one? Kristen. But they say Katrina into me, too. Are they both -- both told me blatantly that they're into me. How do you feel about that? I'm a effort try to see if there's deep connection there. 100% that's what we're here to do. We owe it to ourselves. We owe it to them like 100%, like, I do like where things are going with Alana, a part of me, too, just wants to be infatuated fo ♪ Arielle: The speed dates are over they actually took a long time. Night time in the villa! ♪ You are somebody that I don't know ♪ I think some of the girls are getting nervous about the new girls. I'm not surprised. Guys I'm growing out a beard just so y'all know because I heard the new girls like facial hair. I feel like there might be a little bit of tension in the villa. I know like a lot of the guys find Kristen very attractive because she is a very attractive girl. Who is this? What is whether the hell is this. That's so cute. It wasn't the new guy. Damn, I see how it is. ♪ Kristen, I mean she's smokin' hot. I kind of want to show her like how dope I am. We're all waiting. What? Very nice welcome to Fiji. Thank you. ♪ honestly I do feel like connections with a couple guys at least. Like have been a little better because of the speed dating like I felt like -- remember we were talking like refreshing to maybe to get to know them. How are you feeling after the seat dating? When I sat down with Kristen it was more so just her letting me know that she was interested and seeing if I was still down to meet people and stuff like that. She said the same thing to me. Cashel really surprised me? Really? Girl! It was so easy. Like he has this weird magnetic thing going on. And you like it. Like you -- it's like I vibe with him. Like, okay, I get it now. I didn't before. But it's -- make sense. She was like are you available like to talk to other people. We were both talking a lot, we said that from the start that's what we're here to do, you know what I mean? I feel that girl so much. But I don't know, I just catch like a vibe from Kristen. She just seems like someone that I would really get along with. The natural like conversation, is that I have with Weston is just so -- easy? Easy. I vibe with Katrina from the get go. We talked about random crap it was just easy conversation. Like the end of the day, map, I don't know if these girls are interested in me. ♪ Arielle: Note to Kristen. Even though you whisper you're still wearing a microphone. Hey, can you -- I'm just going to spit this out there. I haven't had a chance to talk to Alana but I think I'm going to talk to yamen. That's like -- that's where your head is at? I don't know how. It's so awkward now they're cuddling. I know. I could like ask -- hello. Hi. What's up? So-- she's interested in yamen just wants to know how to -- you'red into in yamen. It's hard to get into what he's thinking in his mind. He's definitely, like, talking about, like, the new girls. He's like, damn, like, damn. Like, physically like, of course attracted to you but it's like, he's not actively searching to find someone else because he's like content. What's up? Is he really happy with her or like he doesn't -- someone got a text! Like a text-text. Go for it. You want my advice, just go for it. What would you tell me not to? Katrina, tonight you'll be sending one of the girls to the hide away for the night. As you take their place, datee their guy and sleep in their bed, #makingmoves. What? Oh! Damn! Crazy! Honestly, I did not expect this at all. Like I -- I got a text! [ Cheering and applause ] Not even. Wok. #anotherone. Kristen, tonight you'll send one of the girls to the hide away for the night as you take their place, date their guy and sleep in their bed. #shakethingsup. Damn! We're the new girls coming in so we're trying to find a connection in the midst of everyone already coupled up. I completely agree with what you're saying. We're all here to find the same thing. Which is love. Right? The person that I would choose tonight I feel like we just had like such an easy conversation would have to be Weston. Oh! How you feel, cowboy? All about beginnings. I think everybody is super tight but at the end of the day we all care about each other and all into each other which is the best thing. Yeah, I'm excited. For me the guy that I wanted to choose is someone who I feel like I have kind of break in the shell yet. The guy I choose is yamen. Bleep! Just got real. See what happens next, next. Arielle: Tomorrow night. The two new girls make moves. I feel like things are going with you. I do want to be infatuated with someone. You want to be spooned? Yeah. Arielle: A familiar face rocks the village. Ladies I'm coming in with an open heart and open mind I'm hoping to walk out of here with a relationship. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 