Love Island: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e21 - Episode #1.21 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 21 - Episode #1.21 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Warning, the following program contains love, lust, and how many more of these do I have to do? Previously... Kyra and jered. Announcer: A dumping you would believe as we wave good-bye to Kyra and jered. I love you! Announcer: And said hello to our final four couples. Cue the most epic dates yet. Do you want to be my girlfriend? Yeah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah? I'm many love with you. I think you're amazing. Announcer: Tonight, two more dream dates, and the couples take things to the next level. And meet each other's family and friends. I got the vibe from my mom that she wasn't really feeling caro. Announcer: Um, are boys to men here, because we're near the end of the road. At the villa, the loved-up couples share sink a newsed finger licks on the biggest mustard-colored couch you've ever seen. The other couples are en route back from their dates, now it's 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 time to kick off the next one. Send! I got a text! I got a text. I got a text. Ray and caro, it's time for your final date. Please get ready the leave the villa, #sparks will fly, #lit. Please get ready the leave the villa, #sparks will fly, #lit. Please get ready the leave the villa, #sparks will fly, #lit. We're going on a date. Let's go. This is our first date, baby. You already know what time it is. Announcer: I actually don't. I have been stuck in this padded, windowless booth the whole time. What am I going to wear? I'm about to get lit. This is like a date. I want to get to know you. I want to know how you feel. Do you feel me? Damn. Announcer: Marilyn Monroe m.G. It's #lit. That means fireworks. See you guys later. ♪ Do you hear me calling. Out your name ♪ you know that I'm falling and I don't know what to say ♪ I am speechless. This looks so romantic. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. You're beautiful. This is so nice. This has a first-date vibe. Let's go. Ready? This is our first date. Our first date. This is our first date. Arielle: First date. Unconditional love. And a better future. Oh, you're so cute. I'm mad excited. I'm so excited. It's like surreal being here. Any who, I don't know why I'm nervous. I'm feeling a little bit nervous. I'm a little nervous, too. Why are you a little bit nervous? Me coming to the ville lark I had really high hopes for myself. I was riting in my journal, trying to manifest this, you know, the perfect guy for me. I really came into the villa thinking I was going to find the person. And then I had very bad luck finding it. There was no connections. So I was really losing hope. And then you three new boys came in. I felt like I was naturally drawn to you. Every time I talked to you it was so natural. That's why I think what we have is so beautiful, because I wasn't expecting. This I honestly feel like I manifested you, because the connection that me and you have, it's something that I really always wanted. You know how I feel about you and everything -- how do you feel about me? How do you feel about me? Just like... I don't know. You make me feel so comfortable. Tell me more. Like a little kid when I talk to you. You're so goofy. I'm goofy. I know. We have so much. I feel like we have way more fun than everyone else in the villa. We're in our own little world when we're together. I enjoy it so much. It's going to be so sad when we leave the villa and I'm not going to see you every day and wake up to that mile of yours. This is a start to a new beginning with us, you know? Yeah. ♪ I want to be with you everywhere ♪ Honestly, I feel like we're both saying the same thing and we're running in circles. I just want you to be my girl, and I want to make it official. Seriously? Seriously? You think I'm joking? Really? I'm so serious. Oh, my god, yes. Yes! Like are you my boyfriend now? ♪ Can you hear me calling out your name ♪ Can we go down to the beach in yeah. Let's go. Are you happy? Like I'm your girlfriend. Like I have a boyfriend. Yes, you're my girlfriend. I'm speechless. You're mine. That's all that matters, right? I just really came here and I really found the person. Wow. Wow. Oh, it's more. Oh, my god. That's another one. Back up. Oh. I am dreaming. This is so crazy. Honestly, this whole date has been just amazing. Here's to a great day, a beautiful night, and a beautiful future. Announcer: Cynicism melting, heart bursting, rain still raining, and Dylan and Alexandra are riding high from their romantic helicopter date. Hey! Oh, you look so happy. Come here. Get on in here. Y'all are good. You guys look amazing. No date I go on the rest. My life will top that. Yeah, he asked me to be his girlfriend. What? You dog. What did y'all do? What did y'all do? Went on a yacht. A yacht ride. Yacht ride. And? It was really great. And we just sat down and told each other how we felt about each other. You all dropped the l word, huh? Yeah. I think the best part was the pause you had before you said it, and you were looking at me, and I knew it already. And you knew that I knew. I got a text. What does it say? What does it say? Emily and Weston, it's time for your final date. Please get ready the leave the ville lark #privatedining. #savethelastdance. What does that mean? This is the final dance together, at east in our villa. Honestly maybe. I'll dance with you tomorrow, too. Bye. Bye, guys. Have fun. Announcer: Bye. Come on. Let's go on a date, girl. Announcer: Coming up, Emily and Weston in slow motion. Then the islanders meet the parents. Announcer: Oh, cameraman, Tom, I'm going the miss your crane shots through the palms. And I'm going to miss your shots of ray and caro returning from their date with some very special news. Hi. Caro. What up, what up? What's up? We had an amazing time. I told him to pinch me a few time, because I'm like, this can't be real. I'm like pinch me. This feels like weird, like how is this my life? You know, I asked her to be my girl. I have a boyfriend. Announcer: As the couples revel in their relationship status upgrades, Weston and Emily head to a candle lit dinner and romance is staying alive with the help of our favorite band the fijis. ♪ ♪ [Applause] Amazing. Amazing. Thank you. Cheers to our journey, even though it kind of started out a little bit late, but I wouldn't trade it for the world, and I'm really to be as strong and as happy as we are together. Cheers. I really can't believe this is our final date. Well, and this is our first real couple date. Yeah, that's true. You know, like we went on our first date, and it was like magic. Now we got this even more magical date. Even then I felt like everything was right, like things just felt right with you and I felt so comfortable, and even though we couldn't even stay on the paddle board, it felt so fun to me and so natural. And I felt super comfortable with you. Now we're here, and I know things are only going to continue getting better from here on out. I fell for you at the end of the day, which is crazy. I'm in a trouble respond again. I'm eating some more snacks. You fit my personality to a tee. You know what I mean? Remember you trying to hold my hand? I remember feeling this little piney bikini. Oh, my good. Is this Elizabeth I was it will Israeli following around and I was trying to -- I was like literally trying the hold your hand the whole time. You came forward and you came running, guns blazing. I was like, that's hot. I'm into it. I'm about it. That's so attractive knowing exactly what you want and going and getting it. Every time I look at you I get this stupid cheese on my face. Why am I smiling. I don't know why I'm smiling, but I do. Once I recoupled with you, I only wanted to get to know you. I didn't want to spend time getting to know anybody else. I knew I had a strong connection with you. It's the little things, that's what matters to you most. You're always doing something small, but something that makes me so happy. Well, babe, I think we should do a cheers. Let's do a cheers to the outside world and building our own drawers together, even though it might take us a little while. We're going to build it. We're going to build it. Will you dance with me? I will dance with you. I will dance with you. ♪ If you love someone and you're not afraid ♪ you got to love someone like I do ♪ Announcer: Weston and Emily return to tell the others about their delightful date. Side note, Emily does a great fonzie. Hey! Oh, my god, you look so happy. The date was definitely out of a movie, but it felt like a wedding at the same time. Announcer: Okay, America. If you got that fonzie reference, you're going to love this song. And if you're watching the following scene with your parents, we're deeply sorry. ♪ I can't fight this feeling any longer ♪ and yet I'm still afraid to let it flow you're not going the fall asleep on me, are you? ♪ What started out as friendship has grown stronger ♪ I only wish I had the strength to let it show ♪ I tell myself that I can't hold out forever ♪ I say there is no reason for my fear ♪ cause I feel so secure when we're together ♪ you give my life direction you make everything so clear ♪ and I'm getting closer than I ever thought I might ♪ and I can't fight this feeling anymore ♪ I've forgotten what I've started fighting for ♪ it's time to bring this ship into the shore ♪ baby I can't fight this feeling anymore oh hh ♪ announcer: You and me both, toad. Now, despite being in bed all night, the islanders don't appear to have gotten much sleep. I have to get in the shower after you. I have to get in the shower. Last night was fun. I saw some type of hill over there. Well, me and Elizabeth have expressed our love for each other. It was good. Kind of hard to get in the rhythm here, because all of a sudden I heard Weston and Emily. Me and Emily had a great night last night. We're definitely getting closer in all areas. Last night was nice. It was a little bit more romantic than normal announcer: What happens in the villa stays in the villa, and our back-up drives, forever. Anywho, it's time to make things a little more family friendly. Send! I got a text! You got a text? I got a text. What does it say? What does it say? Islanders, it's time for the ultimate relationship test. #familyaffair. #firstimpressionscount. #sealofapproval. Announcer: Now, I can accept they fell in love with three weeks, but being that excited to see your family? Come on! I can't wait to see my family. I don't know who is coming. It's probably going to be my mom or dad, but I'm so excited. I'm really kind of nervous to meet Weston's family. I am, too. I am, too. My dad has no filter. So -- I hope he comes in here and lays into me. I'm so excited to meet Ray's family. Like ray talks about his family like every day. But I'm just nervous. What happens if, I don't know, they don't like me, but I doubt it. I think they will like me. My mom likes pretty much everyone. She has a crazy personality. My mom is literally just like care, you but an older version. Seal of approval. She's the toughest one out of everyone in my family for approving someone that I'm with. But I'm nervous to meet Zac's parents, too. I hope they are sisters or whoever ends up coming, I really want them to like me, because I know they're kind of tough, too, but the thing, is I don't know why they wouldn't like me. Exactly. Exactly. I'm so nervous. It's like the excited nerves. Like the night before your first day of school where you can't sleep you're so excited. ♪ This is how we jump ♪ announcer: We're back next year and looking for hot new islanders. If you're single and looking for love, then head to Announcer: It's "love island," and the islanders are about to get a surprise visit from their family and friends. How many of y'all have ever been singing the song Lyric and you thought it was the song Lyric the whole time, you've been hearing it that way the whole time, and then you see the lyrics. Don't walk is fast. Why are you walking fast. It's Zac's sister Gianna and his mom Gina and Elizabeth's mom sue and sister Caroline. I have a perfect example. Oh, my gosh. It's been so long. My mom came for me and my oldest sister Gianna. I was is happy to see them. We never expected you to connect with some as great as you did. I didn't either. Can I tell you something, though, from day one when she came out and you came on, that's his type right there. He'll be with her the whole show. We saw him come over, and we're like, how did they find a guy 100% her type. It's so weird. We have so many things in common, we were shaking one night. It's weird. Do you know, we have the same wedding anniversary as his parents. You do? Shut up! That's weird. Okay, so what's his deal? Like he graduated from college. He just graduated. What's his plan? We're just like, the sky is the limit. We don't know what we want to do. We want to go to Europe. Like the travel? We're both thinking we want the take jobs in L.A. and move out there. At heart, she's a girl from Michigan. I want to take you back to Michigan and take rollerblading with my dogs. And you're like, I'll go skated boarding. Dad wrote you a letter because he couldn't come, "I will love you always. I am proud of you for staying true to yourself and who you are. I can't wait to see you and maybe meet zacy boy. You are both doing amazing. A star is born. I love you, dad." That's so cute. Sue, get over here. Coming. Come on. Caroline. It's weird the finally meet him. He's even hotter in person, Elizabeth. He's so cute. He's so tall. I am getting so excited. And I'm just really happy that my mom and my sister really see the connection between me and Elizabeth and know how genuine and special it is. Sue. Zacy boy. I am so glad that you pointed out that she's a yeller. Oh, I'm so bad. We yell. We got to tell you guys something, it's really funny, do you know we got married on the same day. She just told me that. We both have the same wedding anniversary. Now I got to tell you something even more funnier, when I met Zac's dad, he was the same age as Zac and I was the same age as you. We met three months later, we married. Oh, my god. Slow down here. We like Zac, but slow down. Wow. Um... after seeing my mom and sister and meeting sue and Caroline, it just seemed like that little family dynamic right there is just going to be truly amazing. Love you. You're doing great. Everyone is so proud of you. We're so proud of you. I love you. I love you guys. Bye. Bye. Oh, my god. I'm so happy that my mom and Zac's mom and our sisters just totally have already hit it off. That was amazing. That was so fun. I'm like shaking still. I have so much fun. Announcer: Saddle up, it's Weston's sister and his dad Jim and Emily's bestie Michelle. No Weston, you don't get to pick her. Daddy-0. How you'll y'all doing? What's up, pop? Hi. Give me a hug. How are you? Oh, my god. Roommates. TV don't do you no good, baby. You look good. Thank you. The TV don't do you know justice. My first impression of Weston's dad was holy crap, this is Weston in the future. It's so funny, like the cow boy hat, the accent, everything. Oh, my god. It's is crazy. So you've been watching. What do you think of Weston? Honestly, Weston is not your usual type. I think that's why I'm so drawn to him. We talk for hours. Any time, my make-up looks like crap. He says New York this is the prettiest you looked so far. He's so sweet to you. Well, I have seen him go through different girls. Do you think he's being genuine. I can't really judged somebody ways on something they did before I came into the picture. If I want things to work out with him, I had to just like forgive him for what had happened before me and let bit in the past. My best friend Michelle, she literally knows every part about me. She is always the first person to meet any guy that I'm talking to, so I'm so happy that she came all the way here for me. It's been crazy in here. Emily, she looks cuter in person than she does on TV. She's gorgeous. She's pretty. Do I need to get the chapel ready for you and sweetheart over there? No, we're going to -- what's the deal? No, like I'm -- I haven't felt like this for a girl, which is crazy to say, but in here it's a different thing. It's been a week, week and a half, but real-time, I'm here with somebody for a week and a half... You get to know them pretty quick. All day all night. You either hate this person at the end of it or you're crazy about them. I got to talk to my family and catch up with them. It was such a good feeling. You know, they've had my back through this whole procession. Dad, you're going to hate me. We had to build a shoe rack, and I was the last one to finish the shoe rack. Oh, son. That embarasses me. I know. I know. He was going so mad at me. He's like, I built a house from the ground up. I'm like, let me help you. It's all about teamwork in here. It's teamwork out there, too. Of course. If you'll y'all are to get serious and y'all decide to go further, it's a lot more than sitting in here xoxo yeah. I know. So there was obviously drama with Weston and I and -- no, there wasn't? No, there wasn't. No, we knew what we wanted at the end of the day, but it's hard in here. So I have a question for you. Why Emily? Because we've seen you with different girls. She's literally my most protective friend. All the guys I talk to, she's like, wait. Literally. You have to be. This so much different than me and Kelsey. The physical attraction with me and her is like night and day I think. So it was not -- it was an easy decision, I knew exactly what I wanted. What about the Kyra thing? That took everybody for a turn. What I guess why did you end up saying that to her so late in the game? It was one of those what if things. I heard two different things, where she had feelings and then I was curious to see what it was, because me and Kyra were like this. I knew e cash. So for her to come say she had feelings or whatever, I knew that was never going to be a thing, I was like, she's so into cash. So I fell like she was almost stirring the pot. Okay. I knew what I wanted at the end of the day, which is why I risked everything for Emily. One, two, three... All right. I love you guys. I love you. I love you. I'm so happy that my family supports me. To know they get to meet a person that I'm so interested in and want to be with and approve of her and want her to be around is a great thing. Bye. Bye. Nice the meet y'all. My dad said take her home, bring her to Texas, son. Announcer: At the end of tonight's show, don't forget to vote for your winning couple. Announcer: We're back on "love island," and, no, it's not new islanders. It's Alexandra's best friend test is a and mom Lisa. Dylan's dad Mike and mom Marian. I feel like a little kid. Announcer: Cue the screams and bagels. ♪ We are family ♪ my mom and my best friend just walked in in Fiji. You look great. I just had to give my mom a big hug. She looks is happy. There were tears in her eyes. Even my pops had tears in my eyes -- tears in his eyes. He's so cute. I'm shaking. Nice the meet you guys. Who is this? I'm is happy right now. I literally could cry. How are you? I can't believe it. &-bãoh, my god. You look awesome, awesome, like so much awesome, you know what I mean? Like, like, how are you? Stop. Like, like, like, like announcer: You tell 'em. So you like Dylan? Yeah, I do. Wait, tell us about your date. Was it romantic? Yeah, it was. It was like better than a wedding could be I feel like. He asked me to be his girlfriend. I was like, okay. You guess look so cute together. You look good. You "like a prayer" you really have something going on. She's insane. She looks like she's natural with you it's the most natural thing I've ever... She's so nice. She's so sweet. I think she's perfect. When I saw her right from the beginning, I said, Dylan's going to pick her. She's so down to earth and so you just so totally herself. She's a perfect match. I love the fact that my parents love what Alexandra and I have going on. They're extremely supportive right away. So did you talk about us on here? Yeah. We talked about we're an hour and a half away. No big deal. Two hours away. That's nothing. The football thing was very good. What football thing? When you were talking about you watch football. That was good. That was first day. She said something about football, and I said, boom, I'm done. It's been amazing. I'm so happy for you. We love you. I love you, too. I'm is glad you're happy. I'm so proud of you. Love you, pops. You look amazing. We're so proud of you. Oh, my god. Hey, Alexandra. I could talk forever. My mom and my best friend Tessa, knowing that they both love Dylan is just so nice to hear, because those are two opinions that I respected immensely. It's like so -- it's crazy, because I feel like I've known Alex my entire life. We all knew. They showed him on a preview, and I was like done. That's her man. Did you see me run out. I'm like, hi. You had in make-up on and you popped out. I lucked out. I was like, yeah, she had no make-up on. She had the cutest freckles. I love her freckles. You literally won all of our hearts when you said that about her freckles. We were screaming. It gets better all the time. Every time I come to bed. Oh, freckles. My parents get to meet Alexandra. And to see mom and pop, just the icing on the cape. I don't know what I did to deserve this one. Dylan's parents are exactly how I thought they would be. Hi. Nice to meet you. How are you. Dylan even goes, I bet my dad will come in wearing a Hawaiian shirt. Sure enough, came in with a Hawaiian shirt on. Oh, my god. But everyone is just beyond blown away by you. Really? I'm so happy. Don't be afraid to open up. Truly wear you heart on your vive the next couple nights. It's okay. He likes you. Open up a little bit. You're safe. Love you. Love you, too. I love you. Love you. I love you. Bye, you guys. Love you. Announcer: Did they five everyone out the Fiji for five minutes? I want the cry. Oh, my god. I don't want them to leave. That was so amazing. I was shaking. Me too. Announcer: The following scene was not sped up at all. I'm actually kind of so nervous. I'm so nervous I can't speak. I'm not going to be able to talk. I'm going to feel so overwhelmed. Oh, my god. I know how much ray loves his parents. His parents is his everything. I was just so nervous. Like I almost felt like I had this out-of-body experience. Oh, my god. Is this you? Announcer: It's Ray's dad, also ray, and mom odetta and caro's best friend Sergio. My dad lives in Sweden. My mom lives in Brazil. I was really hoping for them to come, but it was super surreal seeing my best friend. He came to the ville lark and I was like, oh, my god. I was so happy to see him. Oh, my god. I've missed you. How are you doing? This is the best day in the villa. You don't even understand. Just seeing my mom's face. I start the shed a tear. One came down and wiped it off. You know, it was great. How was that flight? Long? Long. We love you. It really was long. It really was. Oh, my god. How areu I was a little worried about her when the Asian gentleman came on and she said, oh, that's my type. I said, what? All your family is like, what is she doing. I had faith in her. His soul is so beautiful. Like he's such a genuine person, like the best heart ever. He matches your energy. He matches me, and we always talk about energy and he's so family orcorrected. For me that's so important. I know. They're so sweet. They were a little bit worried about you because you were here and there with guys. Oh, my god, what did they say? You know what, you'll meet them? Tell me. Prepare me. I'm so nervous the meet his parents, because his parents mean everything. That's good sign. That means he genuinely cares. I know you and I know your intentions. I know you were here for love. I started vibing with her. Her energy, once you meet her, her energy, she's so outgoing. She's just like you. She takes care of me. She's like a mastery figure. Like I'm just chilling here by myself. She always makes sure I'm good. She's dope. I'm really feeling caro. As long as she about it all over the place like she was at the beginning. I got some vibes from my mom that she wasn't real feeling caro. She's very protective over her kids. I don't think she thinks caro is bad for me, but she doesn't know how caro's mind-set works. I asked her to be my girlfriend. Oh, wow. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's serious. Oh, my god, I didn't tell you. He asked me to be his girlfriend, and I'm his girlfriend. He's my boyfriend. Caro. Coming. Come on. What's up? You ready? I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. Chill. Announcer: Ray's mom has reservations about caro because, well, she's watched the show. I've heard so many great things about you guys. Hi. How are you? I've heard so many great things about you guys. We have been together for a while. I was telling ray that I didn't have a problem with you, but when at first you were all over the place on the show, and then when I thought you all had the connection going on, and then Anton came New York you were like, oh, my god, that's my type right there. I was like, what is she doing? I know, I know. Everyone was -- I think everyone watching back home was like, don't do it. I know us talking, we were going to keep our options open, so I guess when he came in -- I did feel intimidated by Ray's mom. I knew that it would take time for her to get to know me. I told them that, you know, you're my girlfriend now. I know. He did tell me but I'm so nervous. This means so much to me meeting you I heard so much about you. We are a close-knit family. We're a supportive family, and we just wish you the best. Thank you. Always know I'm a scorpio mother. My mom is blunting. My mom will come straight down the pipe and let you know how she feels. She kind of did that with caro. Love you. We're all there. I'm going to see you all later. Bye, bro. Nice meeting you. Good luck, guys. Thank you. It was big for me. So obviously I want her to meet my parents. I feel like it's going to be good. They'll come around. Bye, mom. Adios. She's so blunt. I love that. They were amazing. I was so just so happy to meet them. I wish I didn't have my experience like that here, because I feel like that kind of like -- my dad is very protective. My sister, my brother, my mom, everyone is very protective of each other. If anyone does anyone dirty, they just get back to it. I never had that united family thing. I really want that for myself and like my future. I really, really want that. And just seeing that, it just makes me so happy, because, you know, like I am your girlfriend, so I'm happy. I told them that. I told them, I got a girlfriend now. They're like, okay. Oh, my god. How did they react. They're like, okay. Whatever I do, they're going to support me. They're going to like you. Having his parents come in and having these assumptions, it hurt me because I have so much feelings for him, and I felt like if I had more time, I would -- his parents would be able to see my genuine feelings for him, and it was just hard meeting them the first time sorry. I don't know why I'm crying. It was hard for them to come in and have like a misconception of me. This whole an. Situation, I wish it never happened, and it just kind of sucks. Announcer: Oh, caro, don't cry. Let the clouds do that for you. Last night in the villa. Last night in the villa. That's crazy. I'm going to miss this so much. Dude, what are we going to do waking up and just not everything everyone to talk to? I need a Dylan and Weston alarm clock that switches off every other day. This villa experience is like a family to me. It's taught me love. I did not expect to come in here and find this men m friends. Really truly thankful for everyone in this room even though I'm not an o.Gold medal, I'm is happy I came in when I did. I love you guys. I can't waited to get out of here and hang out in the real world. It's been amazeing. I never would have thought I would have came to the ville will and found me a girlfriend, you know? Oh. I'm leaving with a boyfriend. Announcer: Well, the islanders are asleep, or in bed at least, little do they know you are about the change their lives. America it's finally time to vote for your winning couple. Your finalists are: Alexandra and Dylan, caro and ray, Elizabeth and Zac, Emily and Weston. Get voting for your loving island winner now. Voting open the U.S. and Canada residents 18 years and older. The vote closes in two hours. Tune in for tomorrow night's epic "love island" finale to find out which couple you will crown the winner. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by Announcer: Tomorrow night, it all comes down to this, your votes will decide who is crowned America's favorite couple and stands a chance of winning the grand prize of $100,000. You don't want to miss it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 