Love Island: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 Caro starts to fall for Cormac, but she questions whether the feelings are mutual. At the same time, Zac and Elizabeth can't stop gushing over each other, which is fitting when the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Love, lust, and a disclaimer. Previously on "love island," we said good-bye to Mallory and Alana. You have 30 minutes to pack your suitcases and say your good-byes. Announcer: And hello to new boy Winston. Amazing. Announcer: Who wasted no time getting to know the girls. He's one of those guys that's so well put together. Opposites attract. Announcer: Tonight cracks start to form. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He just does something where I just see him more as a friend. Announcer: A game gets messy. And Arielle Arielle pays the isl surprise visit with the result of your votes. Arielle: Hi, islanders. Sorry to drop in unannounced. Sorry to drop in unannounced. Announcer: Last night the islanders' heart rates skyrocketed when they performed raunchy dances for the opposite sex to test their compatibility with some interesting results. Elizabeth came out of her shell and then set the shell on fire. Who has been a bad, bad, bad, boy. And caro took first place with the old bad cop-bad cop routine. Have you been a bad, bad boy? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Winston, Dylan, the girls who raise your heart rate the most was caro. Announcer: But the weiner of Cormac's heart was Alexandra, dressed as a hot dog. He likes what he likes. Cormac, the girl who raised your heart rate the most was Alexandra. What! Announcer: In the aftermath, caro was interested in whether Cormac's interest lies in Alexandra or hot dogs. Hello. Alexandra makes your heart rate rise. It doesn't make any sense. I think you scared people. Was I scary? No. Are you sure? I was talking to the girls, and I'm starting to really like you. Okay. That's good. I'm not joking. This is not a joke. I know it's not a joke. I'm not here for a joke. My feelings is not a joke. Like I'm starting to like you. Now it's like, oh, my god, I care. Ly care if you do anything. You know, I will get upset. ♪ Can't we just talk. Can't we just talk ♪ like this for me is a really big deal, and you're taking it as if it's in the a big deal. It is. I just opened up to you, and you're acting like, expect it. Like what the hell? Announcer: Does he still have to pee? I'm in this place where I like Cormac. I want to invest my energy and time and pursue things with him. I don't know. I don't feel like he's ready to invest all his energy in getting to know me, but that could be out of my own insecurities that I'm just thinking that. ♪ Never felt like this before ♪ what's up, bro? What was up with you and caro? Like she said she's oh, yeah, I really like you. I have feelings for you. I said, all right. I really don't know. I thought I was good at. This but the fact that caro tells me she really likes me now, it's like, oh, I don't know. It's hard. I'm in two minds here, like I'm having fun with her, but I at the end of the day, I don't think she's the girl that I'm looking for. Okay. This what I'm used. To I'm used to guys liking me and making me want to like them. I like that safety feeling, like when you know a guy is all into you and he's really invested. That's when I allow myself to open up. Once I feel that, my intuition is telling me he's not really invested in me and doesn't really like me like I like him. Why? I don't know. Should I back away before he hurts me. I wouldn't back away, but if you're not a place where he's the one, maybe be open to conversations with Winston. Who knows, maybe Cormac will be like, oh, Cormac is just a little too comfortable, because you're pouring out your heart, he could be trueó2t when he's saying I feel this way, but he's not making you feel that he real lie likes you he should be pulling you aside. So maybe giving attention to Winston and him seeing, oh, it shouldn't be so comfortable. I should show her I truly like her and need to go for it. And if he doesn't, that's a sign, too. Announcer: While caro con finds in her chamber maids, inside Zac is still surprised that Elizabeth, the shy girl who agreed to be on a reality show, is more outgoing than he expected. So what did you think about the game? It was fun. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't want to be too raunchy, but I wanted to still be like fun. Uh-huh. I was not expecting that from you? Are you mad that I did that? No. No. It's just for fun. Fun did I surprise you? Yeah. You didn't think I would do that? Uh-uh. No, I did not I think Zac died when he saw that I did that. I don't think he thought I had that in me. I feel like each and every day I just get more and more from you. I definitely feel like I'm letting you in more and more. Uh-huh. In my side there was a little thought process going on like, let's spend the day about you. Cool. You know, just to try to get to know you and all that stuff. I appreciate it. So I feel like maybe that's fun, like when you were dancing, there was a little tension. Should I look at him or should I not look at him. I tried to make eye contact with you. I think we did something -- I knew you would probably laugh, but you didn't. Okay, cameraman Tom, zoom in on the neon. ♪ All my life I pray for someone like you ♪ yes, I pray that you do love me too ♪ all my life I pray for someone like you ♪ There you go. Why is it weird. Okay. Okay. Okay. Better? A little make-up session. We're both on the exact same wavelength. Awkward kiss. Was it not good? Uh-uh. Announcer: You know, this is actually stock footage. Now, back to our villa in Fiji. ♪ Don't be afraid to catch me ♪ announcer: Yes, welcome back to "love island," where yamen pulled up a floral print beanbag and is telling the boys how things between him and christen are going smoothly. Last night christen and I had a little intimate makeout session, which was pretty tasty. Announcer: Christen, the floor is yours. And I need to talk to yamen about our awkward kiss. Awkward kiss? When was the awkward kiss last night. Oh, New York was it not good? Wait, what was awkward? In bed? Just kidding. It was fine. We're cracking up about when we were kids and then like, what? He just goes in for it, and you know you're trying to get in the rhythm, but I was like are you up here, are you down here. And then I pulled away. Oh, no. Like I feel like a lot of people notice a big difference in how you're just walking around. So I guess that really shows I'm like hella happy with her 100%. I'm having a blast. If I went in, this is nice. As each day goes by, I definitely feel like I'm at the point where I just want to focus on christen. We're both like on the exact same wavelength, and that's amazing. Announcer: Thanks, Danny zucko, but it may not be the summer loving you think it is. I wanted to be like, hold on. We're going to do this. Rewind. I think I made it awkward. And then he's like, y'all need to relax, because it was like... I don't know. I don't know what to do with that. He chose a lip each time. He went down here and then he went up here. That's supposed to be in the rhythm. Yeah. I was trying to figure it out. Do I go this way? It was a very premature kiss. But we tried it. I think I'm going to have to teach him a little. Do you think he knows you felt a little awkward. I mean, I could not hide it. I was like, so this is so crazy. Announcer: Meanwhile, back with the hat, hat, and bandanna boys. Obviously you guys know that I totally feel... I'm way about it. But the pacing difference is not necessarily getting to me. It's just like I'm like, I'm starting to think about it more. Like I want a girl who will tell me everything and feel comfortable like that. Like we are as good as friends as we are romantic partners. That's what I want. 100%. That's all I want. I think my feelings just keep growing stronger and stronger. I really like Elizabeth. I could honestly see her being my girlfriend, dude. To be honest. Damn. The "g" word. The "g" word. That's dope, dude. How would you do it? Would you get on one knee? Ha, ha, will you be my girlfriend? I can see Zac doing that. I don't remember the last time I asked a girl to be my girlfriend. I don't think I ever asked a girl to be my girlfriend. I love that question. It's cute, dog. They love it. Hey, do you want to be my girlfriend. I feel like a lot of people don't say that anymore. I feel like a lot of people don't say that anymore. Where is your head at? What? Being in a couple with me? I feel stuck. There's nobody else I can make a connection with... Shut up. That's mean. Stop it. I don't know what to do. You know, I've spent every day with Elizabeth. We've gotten to know each other. I just figured out the other day that I like really like Elizabeth, and I want her to be like my by my side all the time. I'm really happy to be in a couple with you. How do you feel like about new people coming in here? Like new girls? Girls or guys, yeah? It's not going to affect me any. Yeah. Same. When I'm with a girl, I like her, then I'm like committed to her, you know? Yeah. I feel like me and you have built a pretty good connection now. So, you know, like, I would never just like throw that away. Yeah. It wouldn't be good. I like you a lot. I like you a lot, too. I might have to step things up oh. I could really see you being my girlfriend. Yeah. He said today I could see you being my girlfriend. I'm like, okay, so what does that mean? I don't want the poke at him. I'm just going to let him be. He's not someone thrushes anything. I don't want him to. I was going to ask you if you had like a random thing that I didn't know about you yet. A random thing? Yeah, like a fun thing. I'm a big procrastinator. You are? Yeah, really bad. I feel like you would not be. New York I'm terrible. I'm not a procrastinator. I'm a last-minute guy. Really? Uh-huh. Is that what happened with the kiss? What? Yeah, the kiss, I procrastinated that. Announcer: I'm a procrastinator, too, Zac. I put off writing this whole transition, but I did get around to send. I don't know. I've got a text. [Screaming] Oh, my god, yay. All right. Girl, what does your text say? Is everyone here? Islanders, it's time for a little lunch on the go. Today's game, fast food, # mouthtomouth, #mealsonwheels. I am not... you are not spitting anything into my mouth. The amount of food we eat, this sounds right on par. We'll be terrible at this. We'll see how it goes. Maybe we'll get real close and just kind of -- I have a big mouth. That's a lot of food. I can carry a lot. Announcer: Coming up... Announcer: No, it's not a chapstick commercial. It's the islanders running to our newest game. Today's game is called "fast food." These fine specimens will enjoy a delicious five-course meal of the food the rest of us consume on daily basis -- French fry, a fully loaded hot dog, a creamy strawberry milkshake, a slice of apple pie, and a banana split for two. It's the cherry on top, literally, as couples the islanders have the move all their food from one end of the course to the other using only their mouths. Why? Announcer: The couple that transfers the most food fastest will win. And this just in, Weston's a little under the weather so won't be playing the game. Instead single boy Winston will be Katrina's partner for today. Like a loving mother bird feeding her young, the islanders will kindly transfer mouthfuls to each other starting with the first course of French -- Fijian fries. I've never had someone spit food into my mouth before. I'm happy to be the first. The ketchup is so disgusting. It is mushy. It was in his mouth. >> announcer: We're only just getting started. Next up, hot dogs. >> he's got beer hanging out of his mouth. Then I was trying to tell her to just take the whole thing and transfer it, but she was taking bites out of it as it was hanging out of my mouth. It was so gross. I didn't know I signed up for stuff like this. I thought I was coming in here, "love island." I didn't think we would test my fears of continue mints. It was a nightmare that came true announcer: Now wash those hot dogs down. Queue my second favorite milkshake-themed song. ♪ My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard ♪ Oh, hell no. We were first place until I wanted to transfer the milkshake into her mouth. I'm sorry. That's disgusting. I could puke right now. That was so disgusting. C I'm sorry. I can't. Announcer: I miss innocent games with paintballs and stripping. So I have milkshake in my butt right now. Letting it out of my mouth into her mouth was really disgusting. It felt like a warm lugie. We didn't know each other that well prior to this. We do now. I guess some announcer: Now a slice of apple pie just like mama used to make, and she fed it to me the same way. I don't know how to do this. Put it in your mouth, go. I'm ride or do. I'm going to do it, go full force all day every day. But will I have nightmares tonight, yes. Announcer: And to finish it off, a banana spit -- I mean split. Emmy voters, you're welcome. I scooped the ice cream sundae and put it in my mouth, and the bananas just went all the way down my throat. When I got the banana split, it wasn't cold. It was warm. That was the most disgusting thing I've ever done in my life. I have never hated anything more. You just like the way I look. Just love me. It was so bad. Just embrace it. Announcer: Time to find out who won -- I mean, who regretted this the least. The couple that transferred the most food the fast eswas cashel and Kyra. Number one. Number one, baby! Number one. Announcer: Congratulation, cashel and Kyra, and I can tell you the leftovers were delicious. ♪ Dream on ♪ the taste of sweet victory. Good job, Kyra! You know, I had a good talk with Kyra last night. Because everyone is coupled up is happy. Kyra is not. But everyone else seems happy. Here's the deal. Today Weston has been gone, Katrina is awesome. She's really cool. Obviously I'm way more into Katrina. Really? You should go up there and be like, help me pick out a shirt for tonight. Elizabeth became my wing woman. She's like, you need to spend some time with Katrina, go talk to her. Trippy situation. I know. Super trippy. Like can I join you guys? Everybody is sleeping. Hop in here, dog. You cleaning up shakes? You must be real bored, bro. Just passing the time, bro. Cashel is cleaning sunglasses for an hour and a half and all I want to do is just get some one-on-one time. I'm going to go down and get some more sun. I don't know when it's going to come back out again. Second attempt, thankfully she takes a lot of time to get ready. So I had another shot. What's going on? Christen is in there now. Now I have to act like I was using the bathroom or something or eating a yogurt. She didn't care. It's cool. No big deal. Katrina, let's go chat. What? Chat? Oh, okay. Where. I finally get the chance to sit down and talk to Katrina one on one. ♪ I'm a bad guy ♪ so how do you feel? How's things? I'm tired. Do you feel weird after me having spit in your mouth all afternoon? I mean, I want to say weird. Because it was a game, you know. For me it was all fun. For me it was hella fun. How do you feel? It's weird because I'm odd man out. I don't know. With Weston gone today. It was kind of like... where is your head at. I don't know him totally yet. It's literally been two days. I'm just going with it. I'm not going the lie. I feel like I don't miss the kid. I want you to be honest. For sure, I will. I respect that. But it was fun doing that with you. It was past. It was fun. I feel like even though it was a conversation thing to get closer, er feel more comfortable with you. For sure. Because we did that. There's no going back. So it feels good that I got to know you more. For sure. I would tell you what to do, but I don't know. Great timing for that, man. Announcer: Now Kyra opens up about her cash problem. There are moments like last night, I was literally so turned on and so into it and here for it, and I couldn't wait to cuddle up to him in bed, and then he just does something where I just see him more as a friend sometimes, and it's like, even today in the challenge, there was a certain thing where it's that kid in class where, I want the laugh with him, he's so funny, but it's more like a friend. Like I don't want to jump on you right now. I don't want to say t cash, because he's cash. He's so sweet. And I wish it was something... Like I wish he was doing something bad, but he's just being himself, and it's just messed up that him being himself and me being myself maybe isn't working out. I'm in a little bit of a situation where like cash where I don't know. You don't know if he's the one for you. All he talks about is us in the outside world. You don't like that? That's an issue I don't necessarily like. It's frustrating because I wish he was doing something that was actually bad. It's fine that he's a free dude and likes to live a very chill life. I need more of that in my life. But it's just like -- it just stresses me out sometimes because of my past. Growing up as a kid, my parents were like hippies, the same vibe as cash at the end of the day. You do what you want and you do what you feel and you don't think about the consequences. But I should tell you one confession, and I don't want to talk about that, but there is a person I do have a crush on here. Winston. I have a crush on him. But I'm not -- I didn't tell anyone this because it's like, what's the point. What's the point? He's my buddy. Yeah. Do you know what's so weird? I've gone there too sometimes. I know, I have too. Oh, my god, what? Because he's so funny. There is something about him where I have gone the deepest with anyone in this house. Really? He's just so comfortabling. That's why when she came in here, Katrina, I was the most not whatever, but like I hope you know that he's a great guy and that I'll come for you. Yeah, we were all like -- I feel so protective over him because he's such a catch. Elizabeth spit the food everywhere but back on the plate. Yo, it was disgusting. It was so gross. I feel like but for the guys it wasn't as bad. Announcer: And there's more bad news on the way. You had to spit milkshake into someone's mouth. ♪ Gladiator gladiator ♪ gladiator giant slayer ♪ bone shaker dominator ♪ They put a jolt. Arielle: Hi, islanders. Hi, what's up? Arielle: Sorry to drop in unannounced. ♪ Gladiator gladiator ♪ Announcer: We're back on "love island," and it's tense in the villa as Arielle has just arrived. Arielle: So the public have been watching you, and last night they voted for who they think is the most compatible couples. The bottom two couples risk being dumped from the island now. Oh, god. You never know which way it's going to go. Winston, as you're not in a couple, you're immune from this vote. [Applause] Thank you. Arielle: Can I have you all stand up, please. Winston, you can actually stay. This is so stressful. I'm so nervous. Arielle: Soily now reveal the top four couples who were voted most compatible and who are safe and will stay on the island. So in no particular order, the first couple safe is Alexandra and Dylan. [Applause] Please take a seat. The next couple staying is Katrina and Weston. [Applause] You guys can take a seat. Congratulations. And the third couple safe is Elizabeth and Zac. [Applause] Congratulations. You can take a seat. Condition -- congrats, guys. Arielle: So christen and yamen, Kyra and cashel, caro and Cormac, only one more couple is safe. The fourth and final couple safe and remaining on the island is Kyra and cashel. [Applause] You guys can take a seat. [Applause] You guys can take a seat. Christen and yamen, caro and Cormac, the public think that you are the least compatible couples. And you are now vulnerable. Please come and join me. The public aren't feeling you guys as couples. So two of you will be leaving the island now. But that decision isn't down to the public. That decision is down to your fellow islanders. Yep. I know this is really hard, but you will now decide which person from each couple gets to stay on chance to find love with somebody else. The person you don't choose will be dumped from the island immediately. In a moment, I'm going to ask you which person you want to save from each couple and explain the reason for your choice. So caro and Cormac, christen and yamen, please head to the kitchen. I'm going to give you a moment to talk this over as a group. I'm going to throw up. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Relax. Relax. Consistent is a sweetheart, but I feel like grahammen is in here for the right reasons. Caro has put her heart on the line. She's put herself in a position where she wants to find something. I couldn't disagree, because I feel like caro has been flirty with everyone in here. Hi. I cried. She's flirting around. She can't decide. They have to choose. I know. Relax. I think that yamen, I think that was a very game thing. I think he never was interested in Alana. It was more of a game for him. This sucks. I'm not going to lie. I really like you two. Yamen was only focused on Alana until christen showed him attention. If christen didn't show him attention, he would not have done that. I don't think Cormac or caro will find love in here, so I don't care who you pick. All right, guys. Time is up. Have you guys made your decision? Yes. Arielle: All right, guys. Caro, Cormac, christen, yamen, you can come back over. Between caro and Cormac, please tell me who you are saving and giving another chance for love. We want to save this person because the second that they've gotten to this island, they have truly been themselves. They have put themselves fully out there, and we all genuinely believe that they have come here for love and really want to find that. The person that we want to save is... ♪ Have you got the goods ♪ Arielle: Between caro and Cormac, please tell me who you are saving and giving another chance for love. We want the save this person because the second that they've got on the this island, they have truly been themselves. They have put themselves fully out there, and we all genuinely believe that they have come here for love and really want to find that. The person that we want to save is... ♪ So have you got the goods been wondering if you're heart ♪ is still open and if so I want to know ♪ what time it shuts ♪ caro, baby. Thank you so much, guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Arielle: Okay, caro, you've been given another chance at love. Thank you, guys. I'm just speechless. Thank you so much. I appreciate it so much. Arielle: Cormac, I'm so sorry. That's okay. Arielle: So out of christen and yamen, who will you be saving and giving another chance at love? We want to save this person because we feel that this person has shown Patience and perseverance in their relationships on this island. We want to give this person the chance to find love, because we know that they are here for that exact reason. So the person we want to0@ yamen. Arielle: Well then, grahammen, you can take a seat. I'm sorry, christen. Thank, guys. We feel pretty heartbroken about that. Arielle: So caro and yamen, you are now both single. Christen and Cormac, your time on "love island" is now over. You have 30 minutes to pack your bags and say your good-byes. I'm so sorry. That's okay. I'm ready to go. I love you guys. It's not fair. You made a good decision. I feel like we didn't get a chance rally. I'm sad to leave you, but I think you deserve this more than me. You know what you want. I'm still trying to figure that out. Okay. It's not lit. Honestly, I really do like you a lot. I really do. I haven't liked someone that much that fast in I don't know how long. And, I mean, we can explore this and still try to get to know you more. I was not expecting that. I fell like I was so looking forward to spending more time with you and... I'm mad that I came here to find a real connection and I thought we were having a good chance at that. This sucks. ♪ Feeling my way through the darkness ♪ Cormac is hilarious. Love the guy. I can't wait the see him when I get out of here. And he's just a character that I've never met before. I finally found that connection here, you know, this is amazing, and then, boom, out of nowhere, it's going to end at that moment. ♪ Wake me up when things are over ♪ when I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ Love you guys. Yamen had a great connection, so it's hard. Because you come in here hoping to find, that and I definitely think I did. That's all that matters. I'm leaving with great friendships and just one of the best experiences of my life. Announcer: Coming up, I'll tell you about the event that rocks the villa next week. Announcer: Next week, the love liner will be cruising into "love island." On Monday a bunch of hot new singles will be coming ashore who will ship in and who will ship out? You don't want to miss this ship. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 