Love Island: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e20 - Episode #1.20 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 20 - Episode #1.20 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Warning, the following program contains love, lust, and overconfidence. Previously, we had revelations. The night that you got here, Weston approached me and was like, I'll always have a crush on you. Oh, this is something. Announcer: Realizations. I can honestly say that I love cash. Oh. Announcer: And resolutions. I'm not working this villa until we work this out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I just want you to know I'll always love you. Love you too. Come here. Announcer: Tonight, epic dates and one epic dumping. Announcer: Tonight, epic dates and one epic dumping. We're nearing the end of our "love island" journey, and I'm feeling like Mariah in '91, emotions, and I'm not the only one. Last week Weston and Kyra tried untangling their situation-ship. Yes, that conversation about us, what if, always led back to cash. Why would that be easy for me to pull you aside when you're coupled up with a new girl? Announcer: And it seemed resolved to me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It is what it is, and I want you to know that I love you. I love you, too. Come here. Announcer: See, a hug. You don't hug if you're not okay, however, Weston still had to explain things to Emily. There she is. How did your conversation go? Kind of like cleared the air and, you know, now I feel like our friendship is very strong and we hugged. Like cleared the air like about the fact that she was telling me that you were like interested in her when she was actually the one who was interested in you? The conversation was like what if. Those feelings were not as strong as she appeared them to be because I knew she fell about cash. How did cash come into this whole thing? From the get-go, I said, I would not do this until I talked to cash. If that was something that we wanted to... Why are you talking about the option of her recoupling up to you. Because I didn't know what she was thinking. I didn't know how she was feeling, which is why she picked jered. Does that make sense? I don't know. That makes sense. Okay. Okay. ♪ Baby you got me changing. 24/7 I want you here ♪ I hope you feel the same thing ♪ I'm like, so how did it go today, and he's like, it did not make sense. People told me different things. I'm tired. I'm sleeping like this tonight. ♪ I want you to be there Monday and Tuesday and every day ♪ Snowed Sunday morning the rain is falling ♪ Announcer: That's some highy fine mumble singing. Bacon. Zac. Ly talking things through with the girls. How are you? How is everything? How was the talk yesterday with Weston? Everything is good right now. I was just like annoyed last night, but then I caught myself being like, trying to think of more questions to ask I'm like, why am I trying to find something? It could be a number of things. There are so many factors that go into everything that happens here. Sometimes I think although it's like great to listen to your friends' advice because they do have your best interest at heart that you need to pull become and say what is going to be best for me. Yeah. Like what is my gut saying. Do I trust what this person is saying? Like is our connection this strong? Like do I believe what they're saying? And if you do, that's you. You just follow your gut. I trust him. I feel like all the drama in the villa has finally settled and everything has been taken care of. [Screams] Finally we're many a good, strong place to move on and enjoy the of our time -- the rest of our time here announcer: Did anyone else notice the screaming? Just me? Cool, cool. Send! You're telling it wrong. Is that mine or yours? It's not mine. It's mine. It's in the mine. I got a text! Is it athletic? I don't know. All right. Alex. What's the word? Islanders, the bond you have with your partner is about to be truly tested in today's game "bound by love" #couplegoals, #youcanneverleaveme. We're bonded together? There is a game called bound by love. #youcanneverleaveme. #couplegoals announcer: Today's game was supposed to be a sunny beach romp, but it's raining, so no sexy slow-mo running. Instead we're tying them together and making them build stuff. Never leave me. Announcer: This game is getting them all hot and bothered, mostly bothered. The middle one. No, this is the top one. We have to build a shoe rack. We couldn't use our middle hand. Look at the way they're doing it. We're not doing it smart at all. It's a little bit difficult. Put this hand here. Look at theirs. They're literally almost done. That's fine. They probably worked together instead of pointing fingers at the whole situation. We're good. We're moving. We're good. Don't tell me we built this. He's like, will you guys come over and help me build something and I'll buy you pizza. You can't use this hand. Let me help you. You're trying to do everything by yourself. I know what I'm doing. I built a house from the ground up. I built a house from the ground up! I'm over this game. We're done. The friend couple. The homey couple. Yay! Call me Bob the builder. Shoe racks over babies any day. Weston built a house. How can he not build that? I think it was Emily. I know, man you should let me take the lead instead of trying to act like macho man. That's fine. My forearm still hurts. Announcer: Well, I got my five shoe racks. Now mommy's hungry. Round two requires the couple to decorate a cake, creating a sweet sexy swinging party of gluten-free moistness. And the make it even sexier, I'm dropping my red velvet voice seven octave se. Oh, yeah. That looks good. That looks special. Spread that sweet goo. Oh, yeah, I feel this. This is going to be good. Spatula, knives, didn't need them. I had these two babies right here. I can't wait the bake with you at home. Announcer: That cake got baked in a deep pan. Eat it so it doesn't get dirty. Look at his body. It was done with passion. Because he told me to use my hands. Wait, can I taste the icing. It's looking better, it's looking better. Sprinkle it all around top. Babe, no, no, no. You have the talk to me over here. No, no, no, babe, you're cutting off -- what? You're pushing too hard on the cake. She's very good at baking. I can already tell that. Right there. Keep turning keep turning. Oh, here we go again. Spray that cream all over. That looks pretty, though. That looks pretty cool. It was creative. We're creative as hell. Announcer: Turn it, rub it, squeeze it. Thanks my stars the thank has changed. I can talk normal again. That's the middle of the cake right there. Even though I yelled at you, it was with passion. This whole cake is passion cake. Ray, I don't know what I'm doing. You don't say anything. Move your hand, right, right, right, right. To the right. To the right. I can't hear over my hair. Your cake is pretty nice. Oh, my god, ray. If I see a cake better than ours, I'm going to be so mad. Nobody's cake is better than ours. Ours is so good. Oh, there is actually -- ours is good! What the hell? I like my cake. That's good. I hate you. Hears is so cute. See? I told you, our cake is solid. We have a winner. Winner! We won! We won! Announcer: Coming up, we tallied your vote, and one couple is sent packing. Arielle: One couple will be leaving the villa immediately. Announcer: The dumping is loom, and one couple will go home before the finale. So the islanders are reflecting on their current situation while some very reflective tides come in. This whole experience has been amazing because of you. I just want you to meet everyone. Oh, come here. ♪ Oh, I am what I am I do what I want ♪ We made so many friendships here. It's like a big family. It is. I'm going to remember this summer for the rest of my life. Yeah, 100%. Whatever happens, I don't care, as long as at the end of the day I'm going home with you. You're so cute. You're smiling. Because you make me happy. If we leave and I get to walk out the door with you by my side, that means all the world. Oh. You are like the perfect girl for me. You're confident. You have the swagger. Come here. Are you dressing up tonight? Yeah. I'm going to go out looking good. I really think it's going to be me. All right, boys. Someone is going home tonight. I don't want the rush myself. I don't want the give myself anxiety. Someone is leaving the villa. I don't want to go home, because I feel like I want this time to bond closer with him. ♪ I won't go I won't sleep ♪ and I can't breathe until you're resting here with me ♪ I won't leave I can't hide ♪ I cannot see till you're resting here with me ♪ What's going on? I got a text! Let me check this out. Let me check this out. Islanders, please gather in the lounge immediately. #finalcountdown. Spice up your life. All right. I think you should probably leave your drink. Announcer: Put the drink down, Dylan. I've never seen you before ♪ I never knew this side of you choked up crying on the floor ♪ I could have worn that the dark was the enemy ♪ announcer: Watch out, islanders, it's the glam reaper. Arielle: Hello. Hello. Arielle: Hi, islanders. You have been expecting me yes. Arielle: Tonight we will find out who America has voted to be the "love island" finalists. There are five couples here. Only four of you can make it into the finals. Which means one couple will be leaving the villa immediately. The public have been voting for their favorite couple, and I have the results. ♪ Take a long look in my eye you can't deny ♪ there's a light inside of me ♪ Can I please have you all sign up? ♪ Don't forget my mama was lying it doesn't matter how dark the night is ♪ I'm now going to reveal in random order which islanders have a place in the "love island" finale. Our first finalists are ray and caro. [Applause] Congratulation, guys. You can take a seat. And the next couple in the final is Zac and Elizabeth. [Applause] Thank you. Arielle: And the next finalists are Dylan and Alexandra. [Applause] So Kyra and jered, Emily and [applause] So Kyra and jered, Emily and Weston, one couple is going home, and one couple is taking the last place in the final lineup. So I can now reveal the couple that received the fewest votes from the public and whose time on "love island" is now over is... Is... Kyra and jered. Emily and Weston, congratulations. You're in the "love island" final. [Applause] Thank you. I'm happy for you guys. So happy. Arielle: Well, congratulations. You guys can take a seat. Kyra and jered, please come and join me. Jered, you were one of the last new arrivals to come into the villa. You had your sights set on Kyra. Things didn't quite work out, but did you still have a good time. I had an amazing time. I think things did work out. I made a great friend, and I met a lot of amazing people in here, and I wouldn't have had it any other way. Arielle: And Kyra, you've been a day-one girl. Day one, girl, day one. Arielle: You've had a few connections in here. How would you sum up your time? At the end of the day, I they everything happens for a reason, and everything happens in perfect time. I met all of those amazing people. I feel like I'm leaving here a stronger person, and I just know exactly what I want now. Arielle: What do you want? Well, everyone obviously knows I had a very, very strong connection in here with a certain person called cash, you know, obviously he's not here anymore. But the first thing I want to do when I get out of here is call him, maybe see what happens. I really do miss him and I haven't stopped thinking about him. Arielle: I got a text. ♪ You say I am strong when I think I am week ♪ Arielle: And it's actually for you. Oh, my god. What is this? Kyra, I wish I had something smooth to say, but I really don't. I can't wait to see you. I have been watching. I watch to watch you. And there are times when they'll show you talking to somebody, and I see you and I actually... I'm just looking at a TV screen with you on it and I swoon. I got no words, Kyra, but I can't wait, and I feel the same way. Same. He's such a cutie. Oh, my god. I'm so excited. I just can't hide it. Okay. All right. That's enough. Oh, my god. I wish all of you could have seen that. That's the cutest thing ever. How cute is that? Arielle: Oh, my god. That was literally the cutest thing ever. We love you, Kyra. Oh, my god. I love him. Arielle: So you have 30 minutes to pack your bags and say your good-bye, and the rest of you, congratulations on being the finalist of "love island" 2019. I'll be seeing you guys soon. Thank you. Good-bye. Thank you. Oh, my god. I can't with that video. I'm on cloud nine right now. Announcer: Coming up... Hello? Hey, cash. Announcer: Kyra makes an important call on "love island." This is so crazy. I know. How are you? Announcer: After Kyra and really nice guy Gerald were Donald trumped from the -- dumped from the island, Kyra received a message from cashel. I can't wait to see you. He's such a cutie. Announcer: Jered did not receive a message from cashel. Kyra can't pack her bags fast enough now there that there is a 100% cashback guarantee. Oh, my god. I'm so happy for you, girl. I thought that he might... You literally fell in love. I love the boy. And everyone freakin' knows that. I know. I mean, I always hoped that he felt the same. I'm obviously really sad, because Kyra got sent home tonight. She was my number-one. Oh, my god. I'm so nervous to call him. No, it's going to be amazing. I'm -- I think that I got to spend the most amount of time that I possibly could here given the situation. You know, jered came in here and Kyra wasn't really that emotionally available when he came in here, but he still pursued it anyway. He went to jered. I'm so happy and excited for you guys, and like my journey couldn't have been any better. I don't have regrets. It happens in different ways, but if you're lucky enough, it can happen in here with everything that we're put through. Freakin' cray-cray. I want Kyra and cashel to explore their relationship. Pick things up, give it another shot, and see where things go. I am so happy for you. See you on the outside. Promise? Promise. The villa will definitely be weird without Kyra. She's been an o.G. Love you. It is going to be weird not being able to talk to her or see her or give her a hug. I love you! [Applause] It's been such a great run and I've had such a great time. I'm going to miss everyone, but I'm really happy to go and see family and see cash. I'm excited to get out into the world, and, you know, find somebody that I can connect with. I know they're out there. ♪ Don't say nothing ♪ announcer: Once again Dylan and Alexandra grieve the loss of their friends with their cust mir hair five. We survived another one. Here we are. How the hell? I don't know. I can't believe we're still here and that it's just us. I just feel like this whole experience has been crazy and the only constant thing has been us, like together. Which has been nice. I know. I'm sorry that Kyra left. I know that was a big hit for you. I know. I know Alexandra and Kyra are like the best of friends. So, yeah, that made me sad. I don't want to see Alexandra upset. But that surprise with cash made it 16 times better. That was a cute video though, when I heard him talking. And then he turned it around and he didn't have a shirt on. I know. I saw that. I'm so happy for her. Because last night she told us that she loved him. Really? Uh-huh. Announcer: Kyra has a very important call to make. At least someone has reception on this island. Hello? Hey, cash. Do you know who this is? Yeah, I know this voice. This is crazy. I know. How are you? You good? I'm good. Like how are you? What's going on? Are you still coming out? It's weird, it's weird, but I wanted to call and like I don't know what you've been watching or what you've seen or anything like, that but I don't know, we live in the same place or something, maybe we could hang out this weekend. I'd really like that. 'D like the hang out with you. I did see something, you talking to the girls that made me really happy. I was like, I don't know if he hates me. No way, not at all. I want the see you. Me, too. At least we live in the Sam place, and maybe in the outside world we can see what happens. How about right now? Oh, my god! I'm about to bust my Booty. Don't do that. I actually cannot believe it. Hey. I cannot right now. Oh, my god. Hi. This is so weird. Oh, my god. What are you doing here? I flew back. You flew back? I just couldn't wait. So I just wanted to come and see you, and I didn't know if you were going to get out or not, but here you are. This is so weird. Hi. How do you feel? I am so much happier now obviously. 100%. I missed you. I missed you, too. I got a textment here we go, guys. Islanders, congratulations. You're all now finalists. Tomorrow you will be going on your last dates. Enjoy. #lastonestanding. #summerloving. Yeah. I'm so excited to be in the final four. I feel like everything that's happened is the reason why I'm here. I feel like you have to risk it to get the biscuit, and I feel like that's what I did. Announcer: Ah, Shakespeare. I can't believe we made it to the finals. Regardless of everything that's happened in the villa between the girls and me and all those things, I came here for this reason. I came here to find somebody that I see myself out of here with, the biggest thing that was so attractive to me was that conversation right there. You want to work on things with me. For us, I always say, grass grows before you water it. With you and I, no matter what we do, as long as we do it together, I think the grass will grow. We're going all the way to the finals. That's so crazy. We get one more date, so it's going to be something really special and super fun. I'm so excited. We had such a good first date. The second is going to be great, too. I don't know how they're going to top that or how it's going to be topped. How do you feel about making it to the finals? Honestly, came here to find a connection like we have, and we found it later on. It's bittersweet that it's almost over, and it scares me. I want you to no, regardless, if we left today, I'm going to be there. I told you you're perfect for me. You're becoming my best friend. Really just trusting what we have because I promise, I promise. You can't promise things like that. I understand -- why can't I? I don't know, because you just can't. We have a connection that I feel is strong enough and I trust, it's so much more outside this villa that I can't wait for. I trust you. As long as you trust me, I feel like we'll work out. I don't want you crying anymore. You're so cute, but I don't want you crying. Finalists. I still can't believe I have a boyfriend. I still think that's weird. I know. People are dropping like flies around here. We're finalists. Go, us! I know that's so crazy. Can you believe it? I can't. That's so wild. Last man standing. Good night, everyone. Good night, finalists. I really like you. Announcer: Tomorrow night, America, you'll get to vote for your favorite couple. Who do you want to win "love island" 2019? Announcer: Classy, sophisticated, wild. I just love waking people up to have a little more text. Send. ♪ It's just a little thing ♪ not like anything I do depends on you ♪ Dylan and Alexandra, it's time for your date. Please get ready to leave the villa. # loveisintheair, #castaway. We got a text. We got a text while we're laying in bed, and it said... We're going on our last date. Let's go! We got a text. Zac and Elizabeth, it's time for your final date. Please get ready the leave the villa #makingwaves, #loveboat. Please get ready the leave the villa #makingwaves, #loveboat. My eyes are like fighting to read it, but I was excited. I already forgot what it said, though. Announcer: That's fine. It's in the like I spent two hours writing it. Who sprays their pecs? Shoe on. Almost, almost. There we go! Announcer: Dylan and Alexandra are off on a date that our producer described as "way too expensive. "♪ never meant to fall in love ♪ look at this. It's so cute. Oh, my god. Look at this. The become of it. I'm dying. This is so cool. The fact that we're in the final four is crazy. It's so weird. This is where we started. It's actually nuts. Coming in, I just remember seeing you with Michael. I was like, damn. And then what day did you come, the third day? I don't know, I ran right up to you, and I was just like, hi, and you're like, hey, what's up, I like your sweater. And then you talked to everyone but me, and then you finally pulled me aside. Got to play hard to get, you know? And then we just had the best date ever. Yeah. And now we're here having this insane date. I know. It's crazy. On an island in Fiji. It's just like I'm so happy. I couldn't be happier. I know. I don't know. I just look at you, and I just feel like I'm talking to my best friend. Uh-huh it's so easy. It doesn't help that you're extremely pretty. I'm like, damn, she's getting to me. And you just made this soft spot in me. I don't know, I just opened up right away to you. ♪ Never meant to fall in love ♪ Kyra always pointed out how I just stare at you. Damn. Now I catch myself just looking at you and playing with your hair, rubbing you back. I know. Trying to make sure you're happy. I know. It's the best thing ever. It's all I ever wanted. Everything about you is just amaze. I haven't found one thing -- not that I'm looking, but I haven't noticed one thing that turns me off. I don't know. I just want to be around you all the time. And I'm just so excited to see where it's going. I was very surprised when you told me that you look at me in the light of like boyfriend, you know, because it was always that conversation where we didn't know how to talk about it. And then, yeah, of course I look at you in that light, as well. I'm very surprised about it. It's like, I don't know, like we take that next step, like I'm ready to. Yeah. I am. I don't even know how the ask. I've never asked like that? You want to be my girlfriend? Might as well take that next step, we are boyfriend, girlfriend, we haven't just said it out loud. Yeah. Yeah. I want to be your girlfriend. Announcer: We're back next year and looking for hot new islanders. If you're single and looking for love, then head to "love loveisl Announcer: It's "love island," and for Zac and Elizabeth's date, we sent them out on the "s.S. Overbudget." ♪ Hold my head and keep my close ♪ I'll never let you go no not tonight ♪ I still can't believe we're even on a yacht today. This is so once-in-a-lifetime. Like this does not happen for people like me. We're in Fiji. We're on a yacht on a date. Like what? I know. Look at this water. It's amazing. Completely aqua marine blue, my favorite color. Did you ever think we'd make it here? I mean, after I met you maybe, yeah? Why not? Not coming into it, no. Yeah, I mean, I remember coming in and just taking a quick look across at the girls and then I saw you. I was like, oh, yeah, this one is my type. And then I saw you have blue eyes. And I thought, that's different I like that. We had moments that make me feel closer to you or more drawn to you and deepened our connection. I feel like one of my fifth -- obviously like first kiss, I remember what I was wearing. I remember what my hair looked like. I was like, just rip the band aid off. It was good and special. It was. I feel like after that, then I was so excited when you asked me to be your girlfriend. He doesn't just see this as some connection in the house, like he really wants to be with me and pursue this outside of being in the villa. Just seeing you and all the quirky things you do. Sometimes you get a little sassy. Sometimes I make fun of you or dis your sass back to you. You have a weird side to you. Those are things that make you so unique. I like you the way you are. I don't want you any different. Uh-huh. I can't wait to introduce you to my friends back at home. I can take you to my local grocery store and introduce you to all the people I work with, and that will be really fun and I'll show you all my favorite items. I'm a little grocery store boy. Just an average Joe. Just an average Joe. And you're just so great and spectacular I'm one of a kind. You're one of a kind. I honestly can't wait. I cannot wait to just explore with you and show each other whatever we want to show each other, you know? I'm so excited. Cheers. Champagne is good, but I want to kiss you more. I know that I want to be with you at the end of the day, and I know that you're super important to me. And... I'm in love with you, Elizabeth. ♪ I'm in love with you ♪ like wholeheartedly. I'm in love with you. I think you're amazing. And... I love you, too. I think you're amazing, and my dad growing up, he used to squeeze my hand three times to mean I love you, and I've been doing it to you, but I don't think you knew that that's what it meant. Really? It's like I care about you or I respect you or I love you. I've been doing it to you. I'm just so happy. ♪ I'm in love with you and all these little things ♪ I won't let these little things slip out of my mouth ♪ I'm in love with you and all your little things ♪ Announcer: Tomorrow night, ray and caro and Weston and Emily's incredible dates, and after this, an exclusive list at who is crashing the villa tomorrow. Tomorrow night, our four remaining couples meet the family and you'll get to vote for which couple you want to win love island 2019 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 