Love Island: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Dylan and Cormac turned more than a few heads when they entered the Villa, but did they make enough of a connection with one of the girls to survive the season's first recoupling? Watch ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The following contains love lost and only 3% body fat. Previously on "love island!," relationships were formed -- aaahhh! I got a text! And you voted for new boys dilan and korman to date. Tonight, the boys get their picks. And Arielle's back for tonight's epic recoupling. And the girls have all the power. ♪ ♪ ♪ hi, how are you? You all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hi, you look good. Thank you. Good to see you. T some treats here, got some champagne. Yeah, thank you. This is so cute. I love this setup. Cheers. How are you? Good. What was the word in the villa when we got the text. Were you surprised? I was very surprised. Yeah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was sitting on the couch going, like, oh, who were you kind of looking at, whatever. And I was just trying to -- they asked you were you interested, and I was positioning myself, like a friend to give advice. So I was, like, really shocked. We hit it off easy like friends, but that's happened in the past with me before with girls, I have been friends with them and then it blossoms. Yeah, of course. So that's how it kind of felt, which you could be potential. So that's why I chose you. What was everyone's reaction when you got the text because, honestly, I don't think everyone was -- it was definitely a reaction. Don't think everyone would have thought I would have picked you because -- they thought I was joking when I said I got a text. They said good one. No, I said I lakes got a text. Oh, my gosh. Were you surprised I texted you? Yeah, kind of. . Why. Is this I thought we had a good talk earlier and stuff so I was flattered, but I was really surprised. Because I was close to Alexandra in the house so I thought this would be interesting. Can I ask why you picked me? Mm-hmm. I'm just keep an open mind. You were, like, hilarious. Funny. Yeah. And, you know, I just want to get to know you better. Nothing more than that. Yeah, cool. I'd like to get you out of the villa a little bit. Thank you so much. See what's going on. It's nice to get out. Back at the villa, Alexandra and caro return and check in with seven millennials on a rented couch. Hey, girl! ! What's going on? Did they leave? Yeah. Hello! What's up? So cute! What's up? You start, I'll second. We have a double date-ish. Oh! And we had, like, wine and cheese. It was good. He's like really cool. Okay, so he's a very funny guy, like me and him were just laugh ago lot, like super fun, like, we were laughing like a lot, but I could not imagine me like being together with him. What was his type of personality. You know the guys that go, ah, ah, like -- ( laughter ) I'm sorry! Caro just got back from a date, and she immediately said she just was not feeling cormick. That's a positive for me. How do you feel? About the date? About, like, Elizabeth and that? I don't like it, but, you know, from what she's told me and I like believe her like she did that with both guys, but I think like cormack is a very assertive guy, confident, so he's definitely going to shoot his shot, you know what I mean? Yeah, for sure. But, yeah, I don't know. I think I likely know where Elizabeth's head's at, so -- I think she really likes you. Know where Elizabeth's head's at and, like, I'm not worried in that fact, but I think it's, like, to the point now where, like, you know, I like Elizabeth, so another guy, like, taking her out on a date kind of, like, I don't know gives me the pity stomach feeling, doesn't feel too good. I feel like he's probably into Alexandra. Alexandra seems into it. I can tell a girl how she turns up. Mallory's type, says she goes to Vegas all the time, I know you aren't liking bro. Mallory likes the guys who are kind of hard to get. She likes that guy. She wants a guy who's going to come to her, drop some cash, take her out and make all the moves. She kind of likes a smoother cat, like, I don't know, not a bro. At the end of the day, I'm pretty smooth. As time goes on, you, like, I -- like, I -- I'm putting out some vibes here and there. Me and Mallory are friends, we have been getting to know each other. Wiive, like, let's be friends and see if it goes somewhere. O a little less quiet on the western front, nice candle. Your move, dilan. You want to dig into this cake or not. No. I'll dig in. Don't have to be shy. Should we feed each other? You have to eat the brownie. No, you eat it. I'm going to put it like this. Oooh. Kay, now you have to do it to me. I'm scared. Oh, my gosh. That was good. ♪ ♪ I never like a big romantic guy but this is probably the most romantic date. You're one of the first girls that approached me when I came to the villa and you're really sweet and I did appreciate that. I don't know, you're super easy going and super easy to talk to, so, like, that's what I'm looking for in a girl. Yeah, I know I will have explaining to do when I get back to the villa. I think that's what we're here for. I've said that to the girls giving them advice when they ask me, you know, you can't not look into something because you like someone else, whatnot. How do you feel being coupled up with Zac and then coming on a date with a guy you just met for the first time? Honestly, I feel a little uncomfortable, but I feel it would be stupid not to give someone a chance to have a conversation and see if there's anything there. I've known you for, like, four days or -- I know. While cormack and dilan return from their dates, Weston is opening up and not just his shirts. I'm getting to know her but I feel like there's this pressure to hold hands, kiss. I don't know how Mallory is doing, but I feel like with y'all being close and y'all hit it off, I feel like Mallory's probably not going to step on toes with you because -- I know, but I don't want her to, like -- I don't want her to hold back, like, you know I love her. But if you have a connection, tell her. I went on a date with someone and my friend went on a date with someone. Whoever had the stronger connection at the end of the day, I would speak up on that. Hey, guys! ( Cheering ) There are probably two girls I am attracted to. Kyra and Elizabeth are the two girls I'm I attracted to. Elizabeth has a connection with Zac. At least I tried. It's still early dames they're only just starting off as well. So you never know. What? (Inaudible). Today was a day and a half. What are, you scared I'm going to change? No. I don't know. Great chat, Elizabeth. After one date with the irishman, she's dub-lin down on her love for Zac. Meanwhile, caro continues to play the field. She's, like -- caro is, like, a kingpin. It is very telling of her mindset. I feel like caro may just be trying to, like, have all the guys want her, maybe, like, scheme a little bit. Just she has a lot of options. Yeah, yeah. So she's safe, you know. If that don't work, then I'm going to shoot for this. If that doesn't work, I'm going to shoot for that. Yeah, trying to plant a seed here and there. I'm in a -- the situation I'm in, it's not good, and the girl that I'm having the situation with, you just don't know what's going on in that girl's head. How do you like Dillon? I don't know. I like him. I think he's cool. Awkward, girl. But I also like friends in the house and I want to respect what she has going. Everyone getting to know each other. Yeah, that's honestly what it was. As long as no one's territorial, I feel like. You know I love it. Like, you're my girl. The day when I got the text, I was, like -- no, I was sitting -- no, I just need to tell you, I was sitting with him and I was, like, she's literally like one of my best friends, and he's like, I love her. So you guys are the same person. If you fight with her, I fight with her. To Dillon texted Mallory and said he wanted to go on a date with her. Obviously, in the back of your mind, like anyone, you would be, like, that's my best friend here. What. Oh, god, what if we both like him. He. He's really cool. Yeah. I think it's easy to talk to him. Yeah, I agree. So now what? I don't know, dude. Think he's cool. Like, I would like to talk with him and hang out with him more, but I want to talk with him and see where he's hanging out. You can both, like, talk to him. Who knows, he might suck. I'm not, like, worried about it. So -- I don't know, I think we should both just, like, whatever, talk to him and see how it is and we'll come to that bridge when we have to cross it. Yeah. Getting real Brandy and Monica vibes. ♪ ♪ What ship are we going, bro? ♪ ♪ I had fun. ♪ ♪ Oh, this trap. Don't get those nipples. It hurts really bad. I've done it before. ♪ ♪ Are you serious? Yeah. Who did that? You did that? He did that to you? Just now? Yeah. Supposed to be, like, a nice gesture. Oh, it's so funny! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Hello, operator -- ( Laughter ) ♪ ♪ Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me. You can't recouple with the bird, Michael. ♪ ♪ Recap! Tattoo chest took hairy heart chest girl on a date last night. Time to talk it out. I just want to talk to you because, obviously, I didn't get a chance to talk to you last night because I know you are coupled with Elizabeth. So, like, me picking her, were you a bit surprised? Not, like, sort of, like, in a sense, but Elizabeth's, like, a very attractive girl, like -- that's, like, with car o I was attracted to her and Elizabeth is so outgoing and nice, so I wanted to pick Elizabeth, but being on a date with her, I felt like I don't think she wants to be on a date with me. So that's cool for you, bro. We're good. If I was in your position, you know, you've got to follow your gut and your heart because you're trying to have the most enjoyable time possible. But it's cool. I appreciate that man. Absolutely. Last night when Elizabeth came back after going on a date and everything, I think it just solidified that me and her do, like, really have a really deep connection. How are you feeling? I don't know how I'm feeling. ( Laughter ) Like I don't know. Such a long day yesterday. Two dates on the first day. Both my dates went pretty well, I think. It was a in your opinion natural conversation. Literally non-stop laughing. Mallory seemed hilarious. She has this great dry humor that I find hysterical. So tell me about yours, man. Caro, like, the date went pretty well. Yeah, I think she likes me. I think she does. I would be surprised if she didn't. But again, I know there are more eyes on her as well, so it's definitely going to be competitive. Yeah. I'm definitely going to, like, pursue that with her. I think so. What happened with Liz? She seemed really genuine. I wasn't going to pick her because Zac had a good connection, but I felt like, if I don't -- if I'm ever going to go on a date with her, it's last night. But I did tell her I'm attracted to her. I talk about it like this is a job, but I have been doing this since I was 16, so I have ten years' experience in handling, like, dealing with situations with girls, like, I'm always confident. I'm going to be confident if it doesn't or does go my way, so whatever happens happens, but, yeah, I'm always confident. Confidence, a new fragrance from the house of cormack. I want to try to get to know Michael. What do you think I should talk to him about? I want to try to, like, get to know him. I'm thinking some things don't gotta be, like, what's your family -- you can really just chat. So I'm going to try to, like, bond with him today. So I decided, eh, eh, eh, eh, dress up real cued because you know I'm still single so I have to dress like I'm single because I still have to, you know, find myself a man. Do I look fancy? You look elegant, you know, like whenever the first morning like whenever we had spoke in the bathroom and you made it clear that I kind of want to get to know you. Maybe you should tell cashel just to let him know. I saw you click after the conversation, and I thought they hit it off, let me take a step back, so that's what I did. Yeah. Like a little ping-pong ball. ( Laughter ) I don't think so. High five. If you like high fives. I like high fives, they're fun. Your laugh reminds me of, like, a dad laugh. Like -- like eh-eh-eh -- I think it's mutual between us. There might be something there and there might not be anything there. So we're just going to ride the same train, maybe if that continues to happen, who knows what could happen. Coming up. It's time to sort the men from the boys. ( Cheers and applause ) Cashel is nuts about Kyra. I hope she's not alarmic to nuts. Oh, it's cashel! I'm struggling to not be all over you all the time. I see how you operate, and I like watching you operate because I kind of feel, like, physically pulled towards you, like magnetically. You know that feeling? Mm-hmm. That's how I feel. Lt with you that first conversation, and that freaked me out. I know, I couldn't believe it. I feel like that right now. I feel like it's, like, crazy. Oh... It's so cute with cash now. We're super drawn to each other. The more I get to know him, the more I like him. I'm so happy with where things are going. I don't want to see nobody not get a good shot. I think all the girls vie for us at some point in time. I'm on the up today. I'm trying to think positive thoughts. I'm thinking things are much better than they were yesterday. It's about a mind-set. It's about who the girls like. Oh! I got a text! I got a text! ( Cheering ) I got a text! I-got-a-text! Let's', let's see. Islanders, it's time to find the sexiest in today's game. Going commando #protect your privates. ( Laughter ) I don't know, going command o. I don't know, we're going to see. It's going to gelt interesting! Going commando means, like, butt naked, but I'm excited. Let's do it. ♪ frolicking in slow-mo? No, it's not another bay watch reboot. It is our newest game, going commacommando. In today's game, the boys will battle across a sexy boot camp which I'm pretty sure is not a thing. Boys, one at a time you will complete the commando course and we will decide who is the sexiest sergeant. It's time to sort the men from the boys! ( Cheering ) Here's how it works. The boys must sexily navigate the obstacles in the sexiest way as possible armed with sexy squirt guns and sexy balloons the girls will try to derail the sexy train. The winner will be the boy who maintains his sexy the most. Got it? That makes one of us. In the end, the girls will decide which boy is the sexiest on the battlefield. ♪ ♪ ( Cheers and applause ) I'm going to be real. I don't think it was very sexy. ( Cheering ) My dude cash was freaking weird, as per usual. Love you, boy. ( Cheers and applause ) I just can't resist that boy anymore. I'm trying to fight it, but I'm just, like, I'm going with the flow. ( Cheering ) I thought I got off to a good start. I was feeling I was in a good rhythm. Pain got into my eyes and I could barely see. I've just got to get through this nice and safely. ( Cheering ) ( Laughter ) Cormack game for a full muah, muah kiss. ( Cheering ) I think yamen looked sexy. ( Cheering ) He looked really good, especially when he was going up. I was, like, oh, okay. I'll be right there. ( Cheering ) Damn! The girls were going nuts with the paint. I was getting knocked out out there, man. ( Cheering ) All right, so I'm not reading into anything too much. All I can say is I liked the kiss and I hope to get another one. I want to smack him in the head. I am three for four on cross shots. I am three or four. I was, like, aiming for there the whole time. Get ready to get sweaty because I'm about to penetrate this course like a machete. ( Cheering ) Michael put himself out there so we were so proud. ( Cheering ) He torqued like I never saw a guy torque before. I don't know how I didn't hurt myself. Something came over me and I got possess bid the stripper gods or something. ( Laughter ) That was very impressive. I mean, his butt cheeks jiggled at different times. ♪ ♪ I'm dying. I got nervous before he went. I thought, oh, no, this is going to be weird to watch. ( Cheering ) All the paint just, like, went everywhere. I was just, like, that's so fun. ♪ I'm not a very sexy guy, so I probably look like a fool, but that's all right. Dillon was more of, like, a goof ball. There it is! Oooh! ( Cheering ) A lot of bumping and grinding. That's the only move the dudes knew how to do was this pelvic thrust. Lay it on, lay it on! ( Cheering ) Dillon kissed me, and I was nervous because I thought he would maybe kiss Mallory, so, like, I was happy that you kissed me. It was cute. You guys are all super sexy but we do have to choose just one winner, so the decision was pretty easy. We think that Michael -- ( Cheering ) ( Applause ) Tonight I think I'm going to have myself a couple of victory drinks with the boys to celebrate how awesome we were, how great we look, all our moves, maybe reenact stuff and get the girls riled up. They probably will lift me up and carry me around the villa like Michael, Michael, Michael! Easy band of brothers, you made voice over man proud. Caro is finding it hard to camouflage her intentions. You will want to talk to Alana. Is it okay if I talk to yamen today and have a conversation with him? Yeah. Because that's the only other guy I was kind of interested in because I never got to talk to him likely. I did once and it was casual when people were around. But I'm not going to be, like, trying. No, no, no, no, no. Because I'm trying my best to put myself out there to try to find -- literally, like, there's nobody. No, I completely understand. I took caro on a date, so that was the voting. I probably would have picked her anyway. I'm attracted to her, like, and I think she's -- I think it's the same with her. She's cute, bro. Caro is cute, bro. I was thinking about Mallory. She's hot, like, blonde hair. Not normally my type, but she is cute. But, I don't know, I don't think there would be any, like -- , like, connection. You, I think it would be very forced. On Mallory? Yeah. I just got that. Like, based off one day. For sure. Some guys will be friends for a little while and a couple of months plater there's an attraction. It's funny how it, like, works out with some girls. And can be, like -- this whole conversation was good until you farted. I can smell it through the screen. As night falls on the villa, the islanders get ride to shower. Together? I love this show. ♪ ♪ ♪ time for the second text of tonight's episode. Surely no one will question this. Oh, is that real? My god! I actually got a text! Come up! I got a text! Okay, guys, islanders, tonight, there will be recoupling. The girls will choose and the boy not picked to be in a couple will be dumped from the island. Oh! , wow... #get picked or get packing, #girl power! Oh... ! . This is going to be fun. Wow. Everybody's silent. The girls' choice. So we're all happy, of course, that it's in our hands, but, at the same time, there's definitely a weird vibe in the villa that's starting to happen. Could be a quick -- quick stint on our own for us, brother. But we'll find out tonight. You're good. I wasn't expecting that. But I am a confident guy. It's up to you who goes home. What are you going to do? I don't know! Yeah. Oh, no! It's up to me. Yeah. It was, like, the worst timing for me to get this text because I felt like I haven't connected with anyone in the villa, and now I have to choose without even knowing, like, who and what. Like, I'm so confused now. I don't want to be in a position to send somebody home. What are you going to do? With the impending recoupling looming, caro is still keeping her options open. I am pretty interested in you of more than, like, friends. Mm-hmm. You know, and I don't even know if you, like, would want to couple with me and, like, how you stand on things. I don't feel like we've really even had enough time to, like, really get to know eachout like that. So right now, like, you're like a question Mark. Yeah, this was my shot to show I was interested in you. Yeah, I mean, I appreciate that. So you're liking Alexandra, right? I don't how I'm feeling, honestly. I thought my date with Alexandra went really well. We definitely talked and, like, very naturally. I would think that she would be coupling with me, but then, like, I have no clue. It goes so many different ways right now. I should have talked to you more today. Yeah, got to known me. Exactly. So that's my fault for not talking to you. So sorry for that. But am I still wanting to pursue something with you? A hundred percent. I still don't know where my head is at with things. That's all right. Oh, my god. Like, we're friends. It would be nice if we could work with each other till somebody comes in here that we like, you know. Yeah. But also my thing is just, like, there's a new girl going to come here, and then you go to that new girl and then -- and then you don't know. It's the same with him, too. It's the same. I have no idea. Like, I really don't know. And also you don't know if I'm going to click with that person. You have no idea. Eah. I mean, we really don't. It's your decision. You've got to do what you've got to do. Yeah, yeah. It sucks to be put in this position. Everyone has at least, like, this connection or bond they're willing to work with but I haven't been able to connect with any guy yet. I am not sure of who I want to couple up with. I am not sure of who I want to couple up with. Let's get a photo here. Way! ♪ ♪ ♪ hi, islanders! Ello! Oh! Can everybody please gather at the fire pit? Oh, my god! Oh, my god! So, islanders, you know why I'm here. It's time for the first recoupling. So this time around, the girls will be choosing which guy they want to be with. This is where you're going to decide whether you want to stay in the couple you're in or switch it up. And as you can see, we have six girls and seven guys. So that will mean that one of the guys will be dumped from the villa tonight. So this is how it works. Ladies, I'm going to ask you to stand up one at a time and tell me which boy you would like to couple up with. So, Kyra, please stand up and give your reasons why you would like to couple up with a particular boy. I want to couple up with this boy because, even though it was a rocky start, I really enjoyed to get to know him while being in the villa. He really makes me feel like I can be myself and I feel so comfortable with him. He's such a weirdo, but I think that's the reason that I like him so much, and I'm excited to see what happens in the future. So the boy that I want to couple up with is cashel. Hey! Okay, cashel. ( Applause ) Go join Kyra. ♪ ♪ Elizabeth, please stand up and tell us why you would like to couple up with a particular boy. I would like to couple up with this boy because he's goofy, so undeniably himself, always making me laugh. I think we have a really great connection, and I can't wait to keep getting to know him more. The boy I would like to couple up with is Zac. ( Applause ) Okay, Zac, you can go join Elizabeth on the bench. ♪ ♪ Alana, please stand up and tell us who you would like to be coupled up with. I would like to couple up with this boy because he's himself, he's very honest. I feel like I can learn a lot from him, and I don't think there's anyone else I would want to be laid up in my bonnet and my glasses with. Perfect. I hear that. I hear that. The boy I'd like to couple up with is yamen. ( Applause ) ♪ ♪ oh! Mallory, you're next. Please stand up and tell us who you would like to couple up with. I would like to couple up with this boy because his personality is electric. From day one he's had everybody laughing. I'm really happy with the friendship we've built. He's brought such a spark to this vila, and I know it wouldn't be the same without him. I'm a sucker for cowboys. Oooh! Weston ( Applause ) Weston, please go join Mallory. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ So we have four couples and three boys left. Two new boys, cormack and Dillon, and Michael. So how you guys feeling? More nervous than I thought it was going to be. Yeah. I'm just anxious. Mikele? Michael?'m just going with the f so, Alexandra, it's your turn. Please stand up and tell us which boy you would like to couple up with. So I would like to couple up with this boy just because he's really cute. The moment I met him, he made me laugh infectiously. I have been laughing since the small time that we've had together, and I'm just really looking forward to getting to know him more. So the boy I would like to couple up with is -- Dillon. Dillon. ( Applause ) Please join Alexandra. ( Applause ) Please join Alexandra. ♪ ♪ So, Michael and cormack, you are the last boys standing, so whoever caro doesn't choose will be leaving the villa tonight. So, caro, you have a very big decision to make. Please stand up and tell us which boy you would like to couple up with. The boy I would like to couple up with is -- ♪ ♪ I would like to couple up with this boy because he makes me feel like there's a possibility that I can be myself and that I could have a good time. ♪ ♪ ♪ the boy I would like to couple with is -- cormack. ♪ ( Applause ) ♪ ( Applause ) So, Michael, as all of the girls are coupled up, that means your time on love island is over. Oh! But you have 30 minutes to pack your suitcase and say your goodbyes. The rest of you, I'll see you soon. Bye. It's all good, man. Oh! I feel so bad! T's okay. Can't even look at him in the face right now. I'm sorry. Sorry. T's all good. 'M so sorry. Good luck, girl. I'm so sorry. Going to get to packing. Say bye. ♪ ♪ I'm so sad. Like I literally just felt like I'd lost one of my best friends. I know it's crazy because we've only seen each other for a week, but you really get to know somebody when he's all you get to talk to and I've had his back and he's had mine as well. ♪ ♪ Oh, this sucks, dude. Man, it gets real in here fast. It gets real in here real fast. Like Michael has to go home. ♪ ♪ Bye! ( Applause ) Love you! Be good! He looks good when he walks, too. ( Laughter ) I was upset that I didn't get more time in the villa to meet somebody else, but, you know, now I'm looking forward to going back, seeing my dogs. I know they miss me, and I'm just going to keep my heart open. Coming on date day nine, çó ge ready for more love, more island, more scandals, more audience voting, more games, and more islanders. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 