Love Island: Season 1, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e22 - Episode #1.22 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 22 - Episode #1.22 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Warning the following program contains love, will U.S., and oh, who cares. It's the finale! Four weeks ago 11 strangers came to Fiji in the hopes of finding love. Elizabeth. Who is ready for a summer of love? ♪ I came here for love ♪ announcer: Together in the luxurious "love island" villa, they began the journey of a lifetime, finding love and friendship along the way. This is my first bromance bubble bath. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I got a text! I'm like, damn. All the paint just went everywhere. I'm like, that was so fun. I never had someone spit food into my mouth before. I'm happy to be the first. Announcer: Each new a rival got a fresh chance at love. Oh, hello. You're so cute. Announcer: But each farewell saw that chance fade away. The girl I would like to couple up with is christen. Announcer: Only the strongest connections survive. I'll never feel bad. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I genuinely cared about someone. Announcer: And some found only heart attack. I choose to remove myself from the ville villa. Oh, my gosh. Announcer: But no one would ever forget their type on "love island." I'll remember this summer for the rest of my life. Announcer: From the 24 islanders in total, tonight just four couples remain, but only one can win "love island" 2019 and a chance at the grand prize of $100,000. America, who is your favorite couple? It's time to find out. The winners of "love island" 2019 are... The winners of "love island" 2019 are... ♪ Feels like. I'm standing ♪ discovering you announcer: Well, I'm crying. Donna Lewis is playing, and my voice is cracking. It's high school all over again. It's the final morning in the villa, and we're all doing a little brunch. Can you believe that we're here? I can't. No. Wild. Okay. I came here and I got what I wanted. I got you. It's been a long up-and-down roller coaster, whatever you want to call it, but I wouldn't change it for anything. No matter what happens, I already feel like I won. I got a text! [Cheering and applause] Islanders, tonight you will all attend the "love island" summer soiree to celebrate your time in the villa. #cheerstothefuture. #kingandqueentobe. Cheers to the future, baby! I got a text! [Cheering and applause] Ladies, it is time to prep for the party. Please get ready to leave the villa. #sayyestothedress. #lookinggoodfeelingflawless. #loves the letters. It almost feels like we're going shopping for our wedding dress. Bye, my honey bunny. My honey bunny have fun, boo. My honey bunny announcer: That will be all, caro. Let's go. ♪ Bye, baby, all right I don't need man ♪ if he holds me too tight I can have fun with my ♪ ladies tonight ♪ the ladies are out of the villa thank god. It's lit. They ate all our food and ran. What do you think the girls are doing now? Getting their nails and toes done. What is Alexandra like right now? She's like, I never dress like this. Elizabeth will see her dress and be like, "shut up. ">> that's the one. Caro is going to say, "I can't believe we're here right now. Oh, my god, it's is cute on you." Oh, my god. This is so pretty. Oh, my god. This is amazing. Look at all of them. They're so beautiful. Here's to coming to an island and finding a happy ending. The last day. The last day. This is so real. This is so surreal. It's like a fantasy. Are you and Zac going to get married in Fiji? You should. You have to. That's where it all started. Airbnb villa. When I first came, in I didn't have a connection, like we all know, and I was like, I'm going to be first one off, and then Dylan walked in like prince charming. It was just -- I remember you in that moment. With ray, I remember, I didn't really necessarily see him like you had with Dylan, oh, you're the guy for me. I didn't have that. That's just me being honest. We connected spiritually, like instantly. Things have been like lining up so well with Weston and I, and it's crazy that I've only known him for a week, but it feels like so much longer than that. I love you girls. I love you, too. Like, best friends for life. Seriously. Announcer: From the sisterhood of the traveling bathrobes, to the villa. Send! Oh, shoot, I think I got a -- hold on. Let me see. I got a text! Okay. Boys, you must now write your declarations of love, which you will read to your girl tonight. #sweetnothings. #wordup. #wordup, baby. I don't know what to write. There's so much to say I know exactly what I'm going to say you have to drop the "l" I'm going to pour my heart out on the paper. I never know what I want to say. It's coming out. I'm making it natural. It's coming from the heart. That's all that matters. Announcer: Coming up, this finale isn't just brunches and yelling. The winners of "love island" 2019 are... Announcer: It's "love island." So far we've seen the guys perform a trip tease, build a raft, and raise a baby. Now it's time for their toughest challenge yet. Expressing their feelings. I don't think I've ever written a love letter before. Just kind of not really me. Yo, what did you guys write? What did you write? I want to go deeper in depth of how she makes me feel and how she gets me nervous and she makes me feel like a little kid. Y'all, I'm freezing up. I'm frozen. Writer's block. Weston, what do you got, bro? I'm good. I got this in the bag. I have written a love letter before, not many, I think like one or two. It's going to be great. I've always struggled with translating my thoughts and words opt paper. I've always been a better... Just being able to speak my thoughts out loud as they come to me. From the moment I first walked in the villa, I saw you and I thought you were a fine piece of ass. I knew I had to snap you up. I like the idea of a love letter, but I need time. How do you spell Elizabeth? Announcer: Well, I guess you can't have everything. Now let's see how the girls handle the task. I'm way better expressing my feelings in writing, probably just tell him how much I love the little things that he does. I'm like someone that -- I just start it and go through it, but I don't know. I want him to know how much he really means to me and how much all of this has meant to me. I want to reassure him that I am in this for the long run and I really do care about him, because that's the person that I'm falling for. I'm only 21, but I always dreamed about finding that one person at a very young age. Like I always wanted to be a young mom and all¦ that. Love meant everything to me, like everything. And I never had that spark with somebody. I almost felt like I was waiting for him. I want him to know that. I think you should write all those points down announcer: Well, they never have this much trouble writing an Instagram post, # backatthevilla, #send. I got a text! Boys, you may now go and collect your suits for this evening's -- how do you say that word again? Soiree. Soiree. Boy, you may now go and select your suits for this evening's summer soiree. #suitedandbooted. #tailormade. Announcer: I'm so soiree you had to see that. Swr ray means it's a dance but it's nicer I guess. I'm thinking "great gatsby" type deal. I don't know. Words are coming out of my mouth. I hope it makes sense. ♪ Bad, bad, bad, bad boys you make me feel so good ♪ bad, bad, bad, bad, boy I wouldn't trade you if I could ♪ I wouldn't trade you if I could I wouldn't trade you if I could uh-uh ♪ That's a look itself right there. I know. We're looking sharp. You like that? Bro time. Let's do this thing, all right? I'm going to cry I really want to throw up. Oh, they're so cute. ♪ I'm all butterflies and sky high ♪ Oh, my goodness. Hi. How are you, gorgeous? Come here. There's so much happiness and joy in the air, and it's such a great feeling to be able to share this with welfare. You look beautiful. Thank you. You look great. Oh, my. She looks like a goddess. You guys look nice. So dressed up. Go get her, dude. ♪ I've got everything I got all I want ♪ You look amazing. You look like a goddess, girl. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. She's so fine. She's so fine. She's on fire. What's up, boo? She looks so beautiful. You look so good. Hi, guys. ♪ What good would living do me god only knows what I'd be without her ♪ look at her, not me. Get over there. Wow. Wow. Oh, my god. You look amazing. Thank you. The villa is lit. Being a finalist is wild. I'm is happy for each and every one of you all, not for winning, not for anything. We all found love. It's like one of the coolest experiences of my life. I wouldn't want it with anybody else. I'm is happy I met all of y'all. Cheers! Cheers the that. ♪ This is is how we drop it on the wall sphoat announcer: We're back next year and looking for hot new islanders. If you're single and looking for love, then head to ♪ This is how we drop it ♪ Announcer: It's "love island," where our couples are about to exchange their declarations of love and everyone is totally comfortable and relaxed. This is scary. Announcer: Or not. We begin with our talking wedding cake toppers Zac and Elizabeth. Dear Elizabeth, from the moment I laid eyes on you, I knew you were the girl I wanted to couple up with. You are such a special human being with a beautiful soul that makes me is happy inside. As time went on in the ville lark I kept growing closer and closer to you. I felt as if I was being drawn to your energy and I wanted to be around you all the time. From our first kiss up on the balcony, this journey in the villa has truly been a fairytale. Elizabeth Marie weber, I am so in love with you and I am so thankful that you came into my life. ♪ Cause all of me loves all of you ♪ love your curves and all your edges ♪ all your perfect imperfections ♪ Zac, there are not enough words to begin to explain how much this experience and you mean to me, but I will try. I didn't see it happening for me, finding a true connection in the villa, let allege a boyfriend, best friend, and someone I'd fall in love with. You have an amazing outlook on life. You're kind, funny, goofy, so weird, and a beautiful person inside and out. I feel like you're the person I've wanted my interlife and never knew existed. I'm in love with you and all of you, and I wouldn't have wanted this journey any other way. From the very bottom of my heart, Elizabeth. ♪ So I give you all of me and you give me all of you ♪ I give you all of me ♪ that was adorable. That was cute. ♪ And you give me all of you ♪ all righty. Dear honeybee, as you know, I'm a photographer. You're my focus and the world's a blur. You're the light to my darkness and my smile to my happiness. I finally found what I came here for. No matter what happened you saw the spark and overcame the obstacles. Now it's the last chapter in the villa, and I stand next to the most beautiful girl I adore even when she's spicy. You're my Jenny to my forest, my salt to my pepper, my ocean to my beach and here's to our future together. [Applause] That was very good. I'm so nervous. Don't be. It's hard to follow. Weston, little did I know when I was sitting in front of metv fan girling over you I would one day be standing in front of you telling you what an amazing person you are. I never expected our conversations about absolutely nothing to turn into conversations about family, life, our hopes and dreams and everything in between. The craziest thing to me is that not only do we know all of these things about each other, but that I am beginning to envision all of your hopes and your dreams becoming mine, too. I'm so happy to have found you. I cannot wait the get out there and share life's adventures with you. [Applause] [Whistles] ♪ It's a little bit funny this feeling inside ♪ Announcer: Time now for ray and caro to exchange their messages love in front of the world's most romantic shape, the hexagon ♪ I'm not one of those who can easily hide ♪ dear caro, from eye flirting across the villa to now being able to call you my girl, I feel like the luckiest man on earth. I remember first day I saw you. You were sitting across the bar with your cute little shades on lighting up the place with your smile. You made my heart melt. ♪ Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen ♪ I was so nervous to talk to you. I felt Luke I was first grade crushing on the prettiest girl in class wondering if she liked me too. When we got the chance to talk, I felt so at home. You made me feel like I could be 100% myself. I came to "love island" to find someone to love and someone to spend the rest of my life with. I feel like I found that with you. I can't wait to hear that baby voice of yours everyçaday. Life wouldn't be the same without it. You're my girl, caro. I'm simply crazy about you. That is so cute. ♪ You can tell everybody this is your song ♪ it may be quite simple but now that it's done ♪ Dear ray. I walked into the fill la ready to find that one guy that I can share all the overflowing love that lives within me. Any journey has not been smooth or picture-perfect, but instead it has been rocky, real, and raw. You make me feel so so special. I'm is grateful and proud to call you my boyfriend. Please don't ever stop being 100 % you because I'm falling for every bit of it. ♪ And you can tell everybody that this is your song ♪ I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind ♪ that I put down in words how wonderful life is ♪ now that you're in the world ♪ ♪ all through the night ♪ Alex-zandra. No, seriously, coming into this villa I had my sights set on one girl. That was you. You were first girl I saw walk into the villa, and you were just as excited as I was. America voted us to our first "love island" date, an I could not have gone any better. We couldn't stop laughing, and I was enjoying myself. Our personals are a perfect match. You allow me to be such a goofball. When I look into your eye, I feel something different, because I see a real future with you. Nobody else's smile can light up a room like yours. Nobody else's freckles can melt my heart just like yours. And I cannot wait to see who we are outside this villa. But seriously, thank you, Alexandra. For simply being you. ♪ We have no past we won't reach back ♪ keep moving forward all through the night ♪ First thing we said to each other was, "I'm scared." From our first kiss to meeting each other's loved ones, I have been absolutely terrified, but somehow you're able to provide this overwhelming sense of calm. The way you tone room and completely accept yourself has taught me to let go, although a lot of people don't understand us or our connection, I want you to know you're exactly what I've been looking for. You're this amazing man who has taught me to love and accept myself for all that I am. To say I'm falling for you would be an understatement. I just want to end this by saying I'm so happy I was unhappy, because you came in and swept me off my feet. ♪ Keep moving forward all through the night ♪ Zandra. That was really great. Zandra. ♪ All through the night ♪ announcer: Coming up... Now time to announce the winners. Announcer: I don't want this to end. Let's slow everything down. Camera man Tom, one last time. Cue my work wife Arielle. Arielle: Hello, island ers. How is everybody doing tonight? It's the final night. It's so exciting. Oh, my gosh, you all look incredible. Come hang out. Come on over here. Come on. Okay. I'm coming. So you all know why I'm here this time to, reveal who America has chosen as their winning couple of "love island" 2019. Slap hands. Arielle: That cup ballance have the chance at winning the $100,000 prize. Wow Arielle: But before I announce the winners, I want to see how this crazy experience has been for each couple. So, Zac and Elizabeth, please join me up on the balcony where you had your first kiss. Come on, guys. How's everybody doing? Arielle: Please step forward if Zac is your type. I think Elizabeth is lovely Arielle: Elizabeth. Which islander left a girl in his bed to go and sleep with his ex. Zac. That was the worst thing I've ever done honestly. I like you a lot. I like you a lot. Too. 'D like the take things a step further, and I would like it if you would be my girlfriend. I would love that. Like I'm definitely starting to fall fur you. I know, I am too. I'm in love with you, Elizabeth. Like wholeheartedly. I love you, too and I'm just so happy. Arielle: So, guys, this is it. You made the final. Congratulations. How are you guys feeling? I think neither of us really saw this in the cards for us. I'll be just straightforward and honest. In the outside world I don't date around a lot. It's so crazy how this all worked out. So I want to talk about this sofa. If these pillows could talk, first kiss, this is where you asked Elizabeth to be your girlfriend uh-huh. Arielle: You've done a lot of nerve racking things in here. It's really hard to tell somebody you love them. What was the moment you knew, I got to tell her? I would start to have these moments where we would be talking and I'd catch myself staring at her. You get that feeling where you just want to say it Arielle: You guys, congratulations. I loved watching every part of your whole journey. Good luck tonight, and I'll see you guys later. Thank you. Arielle: Ray and caro, you're next. I'm here! Hi, caro. Cashel. It feels like Christmas. Let's do it. Who can I vibe with? Me. Of course you. You make me feel so so special. I'm just so happy you walked into the villa and made me feel this way. It can actually work outside of here. It's almost over and it scares me. Regardless, if we left today, I'm going to be there. I just want you to be my girl. And I want the make it official. Oh, my god, yes. Are you guys so excited? I'm super excited. Yeah. It's been a lounge journey. It just feels so good Arielle: I felt like what was really cool is you were friends first. Do you think that helped you get to this point? Having those conversations without trying to pursue them, it just puts the pressure down. Arielle: So you're official boyfriend and girlfriend now yep. Arielle: Were you nervous to ask? Yeah, I'm honestly always nervous about caro Arielle: You're so cute I know. I was just like, like right before we headed to the beach, I was trying to get it out. You know, can we make it official. So I spit it out. She said yeah. Arielle: There are four couples in the final. What do you think sets you apart from the other couples? Honestly, me me I think it's our energien me and her, we are cool around everybody else, we have fun, but when we're with each other, we have so fun. We feel the connection with each other. I feel like we have such a fun connection. Arielle: We can all tell. I can see it from a million miles away. It's so sweet. I want the thank you for being so amazing. Thank you so much Arielle: All right. I'll leave you to it announcer: No, it's not the photo that comes with the frame. It's Alexandra and Dylan. I'm going to couple up with Alexandra. Dude, there's two new dudes. That girl is awesome. I knew right away. I was like, oh, he's cute. Dylan, America has been voting and has decided to send you on date with Alexandra. This was the first girl I saw. I was like, man, that girl has some pearly whites. Dylan and Alexandra, as a reward for winning today's game, you'll be spending tonight in the hideaway. It seems like you're happy I am. 'D like the couple up with Alexandra. I like you so much better without make-up. I would like to couple up with this boy because he completely accepts me for just being me. I don't care who walks in, no one is going to turn my head. Do you want to be my girlfriend? I'll be your girlfriend. Arielle: Congratulations on being one of the final four. Thank you. Arielle: Hello, that's so exciting. Thank you. I'm so excited. I never thought they would be here. Arielle: So what were your first impressions of Dylan? Oh, my god. Well, I think everyone saw that I just bolted out. I was like, hi. And then I ran back in, and I was like, he's my guy. He's my guy. She's the first person -- new York that's a lie. I saw Michael open up the door and Alexandra came running out. In her white sweater. I'm like, this girl is a nut case. I love it. Arielle: What do you think sets you guys apart from the other couples. We just communicate in our own way. I don't know. We're not a very mushy type of couple. We're just a goofball, fun couple. She just feels like my best friend. She doesn't feel like a girlfriend to me. Arielle: What do you think biggest challenge in here has been? I feel like midway, there was kind of pressure, pressure to be like, okay, so are you guys taking the next step to being boyfriend and girlfriend, and I was kind of able to just stand my ground and be like, that's not really us. And we'll do it when we're ready. And we did. And I'm really happy about that. It was nice that we didn't really try to, you know, go at anyone else's pace but our own. That was nice Arielle: Dylan and Alexandra, you guys have been amazing. Thank you so much and good luck tonight. Arielle: Now I have to shimmy my way... Let's see it announcer: She does everything in slow motion. Next up, it's Emily and Weston. I am going to have to couple up with... Mallory. I don't think it's romantic I heard it's someone's birthday. The girl I want to couple up with is Katrina I would like to go on a date with Weston. What is your type? Just like a by that's goofy, like without trying to be, like you. Emily is definitely attractive. I do see things going really well with Weston. I want to couple up with Weston. I feel like you have to risk it to get the biscuit, and I feel like that's what I did. What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. Announcer: Emily is someone I'm looking for. You're so cute. I felt it at the end of the day, which is crazy. Arielle: Congratulations, you're in the final four. How are you feeling? Love is in the air. We're here with three other amazing couples. Earn is so happy with where they're at. It's amazing to be here with everybody else. Arielle: What do you think sets you apart from the other couples? A lot of couples in here have not had obstacles. In the real world, they're going to hit some obstacles. I don't know how they'll handle it Arielle: Do you see this working outside of the villa? If we can do it in here and go through what we did up there, I don't think anything sells going to stop us. At the end of the day, it's me and her versus the world Arielle: You guys are amazing. It's time to find out which couple has won "love island" 2019. Let's get it. Let's go. ♪ It's feeling good ♪ Arielle: So it was great chatting with all of you. It's now time to announce the winners. It's been a crazy summer of love, lust, and friendship, and America has been watching you every step of the way. The viewers have been voting for their winning couple. The results are now in. Weston and Emily, Zac and Elizabeth, ray and caro, Dylan Weston and Emily, Zac and Elizabeth, ray and caro, Dylan and Alexandra. So the couple in fourth place is ...Weston and Emily. Please come and join me. [Applause] All right. So you came in fourth place. How are you guys feeling? You know, at the end of the day, I feel like we all won. We all got here to this point. We all found what we came for. I'm so excited to see my friends and see where their future goes. Arielle: Emily, how are you feeling? Like Weston said, we feel like we've already won just being here and finding each other and leaving with each other. That's enough of a prize for me. I really enjoyed watching your journey. Thank you. Arielle: Go ahead and take a seat. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Arielle: Okay. It's now time to reveal the couple in third place. It's now time to reveal the couple in third place. Ray and caro. Congratulations, guys, you came in third. Please come and join me. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great. I'm just so grateful and thankful for this opportunity and being able to meet caro. It was so unexpected for me. I made some great friends. This is a special place. I honestly feel shocked that I'm even here. I did not expect this. I'm is happy I found ray. So for me, I felt like I already won, because I found what I came for Arielle: Welk we've absolutely loved watching your love story. Thank you guys so much, and go and take a seat. Thanks, guys. All right. The final two, Zac and Elizabeth, how yes you guys feeling? I'm just excited to be here right now. I am excited to be here with this one. I'm truly happy that I came here and found what I was looking for. Elizabeth means the world to me. Whatever happens happens. Arielle: Elizabeth, what's going through your head? The whole experience has just been amazing. I didn't think I would really find someone here that means this much to me, but I totally have. It's been incredible. Arielle: And Dylan and Alexandra, how are you guess feeling? I'm nervous. I didn't think I really cared about win, but now I want to win. But yeah, at the same time, I'm just really happy to be standing here and especially next to her, finding something real, something that's going to go a long way. So happy but I'm nervous. Arielle: Awesome, Alexandra, how about you? I'm so happy. I don't care about the money or being in first place, like I got this guy next to me. So I'm so happy. Arielle: All right. Well, this is it. America has been watching your every move and fallen in love with you, but only one couple can win. The winners of "love island 2019" are... Announcer: The winners of "love island 2019" are... Zac and Elizabeth! [Applause] Congratulations. Congratulations, guys. How are you feeling? Shocked. This is crazy. This is absolutely crazy. I'm just truly happy I found a love here that I feel will last me a lifetime. I want the thank all of you guys. I wouldn't have been able to get through this experience without the friendships, the loven my heart goes out to you guys. Love you too, Zac. It's been a complete fairytale and a dream come true. I am so lucky that I found him. Arielle: Congratulations. Dylan and Alexandra, how are you guys feeling? I mean, I'm bummed, but I'm still happy I met Alexandra. I definitely didn't expect anything like this coming into the villa. We had an incredible journey, too, so I'm so happy for us, and I'm happy for all of my friends over there who found what they were looking for Arielle: Thank you guys so much. You can go and join the other islanders. ♪ Darling don't be afraid ♪ Arielle: In my hands I have two envelopes. One of them contains the $100,000 prize money, and the other contains absolutely nothing. You will each get to choose an envelope, and whoever gets the one containing $100,000 wins all the money. That person must then choose whether to keep it or share it. If the decision is to share it, you'll each take home $50,000. But if the decision is the keep it, the other person goes home with nothing. Who is going to pick first? Ladies first? So this means this is yours. So, Elizabeth... Oh. Arielle: So Elizabeth, this is the moment we find out if you were really here for love. What are you going to do? I know this is supposed to be a difficult decision, but it really isn't. I obviously want the share it with Zac. Announcer: This is the perfect end of the fairytale. Congratulations, guys, you were really here for love. It's a party. You guys have been amazing. I love you all. Have the best night. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by announcer: They finally used the pool. See you next year. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 