Love Island: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Warning: The following program contains love, lust, and swimsuits the size of a pirate's eye patch. Previously on "love island," the doors opened to the "love island" villa here in Fiji. Five gorgeous single girls entered. Hey! I'm so excited for you the meet these guys. Do you want to meet them? Yeah! Announcer: Closely followed by five handson hunks looking for love. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Elizabeth. Alexandra. Announcer: To create our first matches. You still keeping up? Good. Then to shake things up, new islander Kyra joined the party and good to know each guy before deciding which one to steal. I like her already. Tonight, the network insists we actually show you Kyra's decision. The boy I want to couple up with is... Announcer: The suspense is killing me! ♪ ♪ Matt: We're back at the villa, and that poor girl has 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 been standing there for 24 hours in heels. But now single girl Kyra is finally ready to use her power and steal the man of her choice. Her decision will break up one of our couples. Zac and Elizabeth, Michael and Alexandra, Weston and Mallory, yamen and Alana, cashel and caro. ♪ Who is that coming down the road ♪ Which boy will she choose? What attracted me to this boy was I think he's truly himself, and he doesn't care what other people think. ♪ I'll be a miracle ♪ so the boy I want to couple up with... ♪ Get out of my dreams ♪ is... . cashel. [Applause] Actually a really good choice. He's a great guy. Arielle: Caro, you're single now. At the end of the week, all islanders will take part in a coupling. The islander not picked will be done on the island. #suddenlysolo. #werkyourflirt. Cashel and Kyra, you're going on a date. Please get ready the leave the villa immediately. # instadate, #newconnections. Oh, my god. It's like I get it. It's okay. Honestly, if anything I'm flattered. I was with the fun guy. Me and cashel were just getting along. I thawing everyone knew we were all of these other -- we were the only couple really kicking it on. She had to choose my man. Just so ridiculous. I was sitting there stressed out. Did you expect that? Listen, I was joking. Can I tell you guys something. I was joking with her about that. I was there. She never mentioned his name. I was joking with her. I said, ha, ha, blah, blah, blah, never talked to me about it. For me that's shady. Maybe he doesn't like her. I don't want him back. He's the thing. I don't want him back. Dang, like that? I could tell, he wanted her to pick him. Couldn't even talk to me about it? I full on kissed him. Yesterday we were cuddling all night. You can't just make someone feel special and then want someone else to pick you. Geez, we got some sizzling tea tonight. The teapot is [whistling] it's okay. It's okay. It's day two. That's the teapot. The tea's ready. That's the teapot. Caro, she came out of there out of recoupling like blazing. I'm like, oh, it's going down. It's going spicy. Announcer: Anticipation and it is Nell la are in the air as Kyra and cashel go on their very first date. There you are, madam. Thank you very money. Oh, this is so pretty. Do you know how to pop a bottle? I know how the pop a bottle. We'll do this. Yeah. Farch -- fan similar here you are. Get the big bubbles. Okay. To the loveliliest date on "love island." I'm here for that. Cheers. So how are you feeling? I'm so happy, Kyra. I'm stoked you are? I was so nervous. It definitely was you, one of the guys I was looking at and probably the least amount of time I had, you know. I think when I first got, there I wasn't looking you way because I thought that there wasn't an opening I guess. Where is your head? Because you guys were so... Seemed so... Me and caro, we just like super clicked. She's like, do you think there could be something here, or do you think we're just going to be friends? I'm like, it wasn't -- Arielle: It was too soon it wasn't like with you. I just saw you and I was like, I want to talk to you. I was like, you make me a little nervous. You make me a little nervous, too. My face hurts a little bit from smiling so much. I feel so giddy. That's how I'm feeling. That's great. Giggle away. Announcer: From my favorite restaurant, casa de one table, to the villa where newly single caro is already moving on. Oh, wait, hold on. What's the opposite of moving on? I am tripping? I don't want the look crazy? No. I think she should have talked to you first. It's nothing wrong with her picking him. No, no. It is also shady on his part. It's not totally her. Yes, no, it's both of them. Like he should have told you when we were talking about it. Yes. You can't just consider my feelings for one second? It's like, you see I like this guy and I told you. Yeah. I don't want to be bitter, I don't want to be like, oh, I'm not talking to you, whatever, but I want to let them know, don't do this to people, that's not okay. I thought something was going to form, which leads me to ask, is it okay if I talk to Michael? Yes, you know I'm okay with that. But I don't want to go up to Michael, just because I'm single, I want to be with you. It's not like that. Who cares. I expressed to him, I want to get to know you. So caro obviously think Michael is hot, because he is. He's so hot. It's obvious lay weird situation, but I don't know. I don't know. I can't predict the future. Announcer: Well, I can, and the future is bleak for the poor production assistant who has to blow out all of those candles. Did you think I was going the choose you? I was hoping. But what did you think I was going to do? Were you like, I have this in the bag, I'm good? No, no. No? I saw you talk with yamen for a while. You took a swim with yamen. He reminds me of a lot of guys back at home, but I didn't get that feeling. And with Weston, I was very attracted to him and his personality, but I just think we had nothing in common. Yeah. So then I talked to you, and to have that attraction right off the ballot and all that stuff, it just was like... Click, click. Click, click. And then I had those little feelings, and then you did your do, y laugh, and I was soaltd. It was the laugh? Funny is good. I'm happy I don't sleep alone tonight. Thanks for a wonderful date. Cheers. Yeah? Yeah. You going in? I'm going in. What do you think? All right. That's all you're getting. That's all you're getting for now. No we can go. I had to, I had to. I had to. That was cool. That was great. That was cool. ♪ Lavender kisses on a hot summer night ♪ Hollywood in the moonlight ♪ Announcer: After losing cashel to Kyra, caro has successfully completed the grieving process and has her eyes on a new man, Alexandra's man, Michael. Okay. I am talking to you because obviously like you were the other guy that I was interested in, and I knew you knew that. I made it pretty obvious. So I know it would be weird if I went to bed and didn't talk to you. Now I'm single. Yeah. So I wanted to talk to you. So have you even mentioned anything to Alexandra? Yeah, she knew this all along. Like I'm telling you, everybody knows everything that I'm about to do. We really haven't even gotten chance to chitchat, but, you know, like it was between y'all two, and if I could turn it back, I feel like I might have picked you, but at the same time, I haven't really been giving her a chance. You're really chill. You're super bubbly and you got a lot of energy. I want to get to know you more. Thank you. I appreciate that. Honestly, I'm completely open. So we'll definitely play it out. Do you like cuddling? You do? I'm like the biggest cuddler ever. Can I hug you? You're funny. Thanks. Cute and funny. Caro, I think she's beautiful. She's got a beautiful face, beautiful body, and that's generally what I go for, but there's still just something I feel like, you know, I get the impression like she's kind of, you know, a flirt. She likes to be a flirt. Announcer: Kyra and cashel are back from their date and taking the walk of no shame. I'm going to see you. All right. This should be fun. Good time, good times. Hello. What's going on? Hi. What's up? How is everyone doing? How was the date? I was so nervous to come back, especially with caro. I feel for that situation. If I was in that situation, I'd be super, super mad. I'm like so happy, though, honestly. It's all right. It's all right. Good. I'm glad. I've never had a date like that in my life, girl. It was candlelight, a kiss. You did? Yes. It's so awkward. We were at a table, but like we were sitting closer together and whatever. And he went in for it toward the end. Yeah. I think tongue happened a little bit. Just a little bit. What did I miss? Have you and Zac been -- I'm definitely into him. I'm nervous about it. Definitely if you're nervous about it. I don't want to be. I'm trying to keep my cool. Were you not expecting that? Not at all. That's why it's weird. Announcer: While Kyra is excited about her date, cashel seeks a ruling on caro's feelings from the two villa referees. Nice shirts, guys. How was the drama? Was it? What happened? What happened? She let it out, dude. Fireworks. I mean, like as soon as y'all left. How are you feeling? Honestly, that was like the classiest date I've ever been on. They had all the tiki torches. Is it boula? It was very boula. It was binacca, bro. It was really fun. I don't know. I'm kind of vibing on this. Yeah, man, it was cool. So you feel more content with her? I feel more content. Did you kiss? Tonight? Yeah, we did a good smooch? Yeah. Like a proper one? It was like -- just tongues out. It wasn't like that. She's a classy lady. I'm very intrigued by Kyra. I'm hoping for more of those kisses, you know what I mean? Hi. Caro, can we talk? Of course. Okay. Hi. Hi. Where do you want to go, girl? Let's go right here. Right here. I was in such a weird position. Yeah. And one talk can change so much. Yeah, that's true. So let me just tell from my side of the story, this was not communicated to me at all, and I was like, oh, she didn't talk to me. I made it clear and I was joking, we were all joking about it. I didn't think this was literally going the happen. You didn't talk to me about it. I just want communication. From me hearing this from girls and all that stuff, it doesn't feel good. I'm like, why is it that I need to puzzle things together. It's you. It was your decision. I told you, though, they was going to pull him aside. When did you tell me that? I told you literally every single girl. No, no, okay, I knew you were going to get to know everybody, but I didn't know he was an option that you were interested in. For me it feels like, come on, just face it, we were in the room. There was an opportunity for you to speak it, and it's okay. It's fine. There's no hard feelings, but in the future, if there is an opportunity, just speak it. It doesn't hurt. It's just for another girl, because you don't know how I feel in that situation. I thought there was that dialogue. I didn't realize that you wanted more. And, yeah, next time I for sure, especially between the two of us, other girls, they were more open, I just need to say I wanted that initial conversation. So I get it. I get that. I think that you're so pretty. You're hot. Come on. Come on. All right. Give me a hug. Good luck. Thank you. Want to go hang? I think that caro right now hates my guts honestly. I would hate my guts, too. It's never nice having a guy that you like, you know, walk off with another girl on a date. But she seems super chill. I think that she just needed to talk to him and they need to have a conversation and that's none of my business. Announcer: Michael has decided to make a very bold move and talk to the girl he's actually coupled up with, Alexandra. Okay. Okay. So what's up? Where is your head at? I feel like we don't connect, you know? Yeah. I don't know but it's like we haven't really had a chance at the same time. I'm kind of just chilling. Like it's hard. It really is. I guess we'll just kind of go with the flow and feel it out. If things start developing, we'll head that way, and if it doesn't, we'll, you know, if someone other dude comes in, clearly do your thing. Yeah, yeah, obviously, and you're so cool, it's not like, oh, my god, you're not cool. So let's just go with the flow. Yeah. No, I'm totally down with that. Bring it in. Oh, my god. See. I wanted to die. It was terrible. It was so awkward. And I... oh, yeah, no. It's so much better now. I feel like we can freely just have fun and it's not... there's no pressure. Hi, caro. Can we talk? Can we talk tomorrow? Yeah. I think it would be better. No, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Now was today? It was fun. It was fundira. It was fun. How it is back here? It's okay. You got to do what you got to do? I had to follow my gut. Exactly what you got to do. And he's awesome. I love him. I've never met anybody like him. I haven't either. That's why I'm so intrigued. He's hilarious. Yeah. He's getting some heat right now, definitely some heat. ♪ But I've been having dreams about other strange men ♪ and I know how it seems but I'm thinking about them ♪ I want to keep the peace baby won't you please ♪ sleep with me in my room oh ♪ me in my room oh ♪ ♪ take a holiday I hope I can afford you ♪ an apology I've been a bad girl ♪ I want diamonds and pearls I'll melt your heart like butter ♪ ♪ because I've been having dreams about other strange men ♪ I want the keep the peace get along with them ♪ ♪ me in my room Me in my room ♪ Announcer: It's a new day in the ville lark and, oh, a bird. Caro is preparing to do some yoga where she can get the head space she needs to plot her revenge. Namaste, caro, namaste right out of it. ♪ Every little thing is going to be all right ♪ Yesterday was a heavy day. It's so beautiful outside right now. There's no clouds. It's really nice. I want to focus on me before I talk to anyone today. ♪ Everything is going to be all right ♪ rise up this morning smile with the rising sun ♪ free little bird ♪ it sounds like it's sunny outside. I love hear birds chirping. ♪ Every little thing is going to be all right ♪ Hello, little birdies. How y'all feeling about your girl? Alana is cool, bro. I rather it start off as a friendship level than like on the caro and cashel level. Where it's like... I'd rather it be like we really know each other, and it kind of just starts growing and growing and growing. Cashel, what about you, bro? I'm feeling her. Now I got to worry about blowing it, you know what I mean? Caro was affectionate, like bam, explosion. And Kyra is cool, man. She's like on the level. What's up with you and caro talking? I feel like now she's turned her laser focus to me. You are in the crosshairs. It hasn't been like a cross fire. She's like, okay, now that's done and now she's here. One at a time. If that's what it is, she's going the attach herself to you, like be on your back. I find myself more attracted to caro than also dark but I think caro is more feisty and spicy and sassy. I don't know if I can handle that sass. She might be a little too spunky. So it's complete door wide open. So where you at? I'm going to keep getting to know her. She seems like the type that likes to play the push-away game. She plays hard to get. I've got on the know her. I'm the one engaging in conversations. She is not really asking too many questions. Once she dud. She would never pull me aside because she's shy and nervous. So I'm going to keep going with it and see if there is something there. What's your mindset, Zac? I don't know. Honestly -- young blood in love. I've been vibing with Elizabeth really well. She hasn't given me any weird red flags at all. I wish she was a snug her, because the first night her foot would cross over, but she would retract it back. I'm like, if your foot moves over, I said it doesn't matter. She said, "I have ice cold feet." I said, put them under my feet. I'll warm them up for you. At the end of the night, I want to be smooching. Make it happen, captain. Announcer: Caro still can't get over losing cashel to Kyra. Can someone please get her the soundtrack to "frozen" because she has to let it go. I really did believe we had a connection. It was just vibing. I feel like maybe in the future I do get to know him, would it be dumb for me considering it? If you did, I would completely understand. That's the thing. You like somebody, you like somebody. You can't stop that. Hello. Hi. It sucks, because I don't have anyone in here that I actually am vibing with. There is not that excitement I had with cashel. I know it's been a day, and I think people think I'm so silly for overreacting. It's just -- oh. It is? [Screaming] Hey, hey, hey, relax. Walk away. Hey. Whoa. Announcer: Fiji is known for its beautiful beaches and its ridiculous international roaming charge, but I'm not paying for it. Send! [Cheering] You ready? [Screaming] Islanders, let's find out who came with the most baggage as your dirty little secrets will be revealed in today's game. #excessbaggage, #anythingtodeclare, #kissandtell. I'm excited for the game. The game is going to be so fun. I love dirty secrets. Announcer: Oh, slow motion runningment it must be time for the islanders' first game. I hope they don't get there before I've had time to meet my contractual obligation to explain how this game works. The girls and the boys are going head to head in a game that could be the title of my memoir, "excess baggage." We have ten suitcases each containing a saucy secret about one of our islanders. One at a time the two cases will come down a chute on the a baggage carousel landing in a section assigned to one of our girls. The best part is there really isn't a prize for winning. It's just a real Ty TV mechanism designed to reveal the islanders' deepest and dirtiest secrets. I'm nervous. I'm nervous. Oh, there's a wallet and some money. Announcer: Whichever girl opens the suitcase must try to match the secret to its rightful owner. Which islander has never spent more than $60 on a date. Matt: She gets to identify the boy she thinks the secret belongs to with a kiss. Oh, man. [Applause] And the person is Weston. Wait. Hold on. Hey. That's a lot of money. All along I've been saying I don't like a guy who is frugal. All along that's been my number-one thing. Oh, god. What is it? What is this? What? Which islander left a girl in his bed to go and sleep with his ex? Whoa? That's savage. I know it's not you. Another one. Zac! You know, hooking up or whatever, I was not vibing it. I wasn't feeling it. She was like a dead fish. I had to get out of this situation. So I told her I would be right back and I never came back. I did not see that coming. He seems like such a great guy. It's almost too good to be true. And then there's just like... That's really mean. And sad. It was bad. Bad on my part. I hope he did this years ago. I really hope this wasn't like last year. Which islander flew across the country to impress a girl? Oh, I hope I got this right. Yamen. All right. Which islander threw up in their shoe? I was like, I'm going to go kiss my man. Look at that smile. Your teeth hurt? Oh, no. No. Which islander asked a girl to marry them after only knowing them for a few weeks. Oh, god. I definitely didn't know that caro was going to go in for the full makeout. The never-ending kiss from caro. It was weird. That was kind of weird. Whatever. I really just went with my gut. Because it was like, there was so much emotion from the last night. I was like, let me just kiss him and see like how it feels for me. It is cashel. That kiss was worth it. I think that's cute. Cashel I think does jump the gun. He has a lot of emotions. He's been such an amazing guy. And I'm liking him more and more. So -- I saw you did it, so I'm like, I'm going to do it, too. It's all good, girl. Announcer: At the end of that round, the girls scored a monumental two points out of five. It's like they don't even know those guys they just met yesterday. Let's hope the boys do better. Which islander made friends with a girl to get with her brother? Come on, baby. Definitely weird to watch. Zac kissed Alexandra. I haven't done that yet. Which islander spent the night at vin diesel's house. What? Maybe? Alexandra. Nothing happened with vin diesel. My friend has been friends with him for a really long time. And he invited us over to go party and he slept over in his guest house. We didn't kiss. We didn't do anything. We talked, for maybe like 20 minutes. Not even a long time. Which islander's mother found a list of all the guys she had slept with? Here we go. I did kiss Mallory. She's got nice lips. Soft, suck you lent. The worst part is when she opened it, she started going, one, two, three, four, and it kept going. Let's see, which islander took three people's virginities? Yamen, he kissed me, and I really liked it. I'm attracted to him I don't know what that kiss did to me. I don't know what that kiss did to me. I feel like he's giving me hints he likes me. The islander is caro. Oh, yeah. Announcer: The girls and boys each only got two points, so they equally won, or lost, depending on your perspective. So which one was most surprising for you? Definitely him, like having a girl at his house and then heaving. Yeah. That's so bad. It was the dead fish thing. I don't know if he knows, but I was in a scenario that someone snuck out and they slept with their old girl. If he says this happened last year, I'm going to be like, how much growing did you do in the last year. What were you doing? Do you think you're going to talk to him about it? Oh, 100%. Basically like me and that girl were like chatting, and... Which one? The girl who I left in my room. Like I had been friends with that girl for a while, and like I... we hung out. I never like made a move or anything, but I don't know, we just got flirty through texts and stuff. So when she came over, like, we had like a couple drinks and stuff, and like we started like making out and I'm really not into this. I didn't know how to explain that to her. Like I'm just not into this. Because I didn't want to make her feel bad. We like... we had sex for like two seconds. I ended up leaving her in my room and I never wanted to be like that type of guy, be like that. So that was just really a -- that was like the worst thing I ever have ever done honestly. It sucks to hear that because I've been in a similar situation. My gut feeling. It's something that happened. Like I'm honest and open about it, and it's something that I learned from. Yeah. I'm not going to do that again. It just sounds so immature and -- I don't disagree with you. That's definitely immature. Hopefully this isn't something that keeps us from moving forward or progressing forward. I really hope it doesn't. That would suck. But, yeah, it's a bummer. You know what I meant to tell you? During the time when that whole thing happened, that was actually lick a really bad time in my life, and that just puts me in a bad light. And I thought like me and you, like I just feel like conversation with you just comes really easily, and I think like... I think me and you vibe pretty well. I agree. I totally do. I feel like I wasn't expecting this. I was a little shocked. I didn't know what to expect. I'm excited that you're here for sure, I'm not interested in anybody else. I definitely want to keep getting to know you better. I'm excited for that. I'm not really interested in anybody else either. I'll be honest with you. Cool. I don't know. I just like you the best. I think you're like the cutest girl out of everyone, too. Thank you. I feel like when me and Elizabeth had the conversation and how she felt about it, I think that was more showed that she is actually pretty interested in me and she was like, well, you know, I was taken away we, that because if she wasn't into me, she probably wouldn't even care at the end of the day. Announcer: That's the first time Zac smoothed something over without using moisturizer. Anywho, it's time to get ready for a big night in. Can I use some of them? You can use it any time. How do I put it in? Oh, hell yeah,. Oh, my god. Yeah. Announcer: What better way the break the night in than to play a game of spin the pineapple. We ran out of bottles. I want to know the funniest thing that you've said to a girl during sex. Okay. There's things that you would never say, but it just flows. In an aussie accent. I feel like penis should be the word used because it's scientific. What's the craziest thing you've ever said in bed? I had someone smack me really hard, and they were like giddy-up. Why not take the game we played today, mix it around and get to know each other a it will -- a little bit. That kiss was cute. I liked it. I was just drop your hand a little bit lower. It's okay. Like on the butt, bud. Out of all the girls here, who would you sleep with? Pretty good. Michael told me he was interested in me. I thought that was really cute, because I like guys that are pursuers. So okay. I was being flirty and I put my hands on his leg. I'm all about that. My hair looks like I got electrocuted. New York it doesn't. Yeah, it does. I like your whole outfit tonight. I think you look great. Thank you. And it's like really fun looking. It's fun. It's spunky. I mean, that sounded coming out out -- I want the say this. Aim the funniest person. If anyone tries to pop out and scare me, I can't go to haunted houses or like I am just also super gullible. Can you ride rides? Yeah, I can do roller coasters. Not the ones that do this, though. I don't like those, but I force myself to get on, and I hate it so much. I hate the feeling. It's like my face. And I just hate that ride, but I just go on it, because I don't know. I like to forchur myself. -- Torture myself. They wait for so long. You don't know when they're going to drop you. I hate that. Yeah. I don't know. It's funny. ♪ I get through it all I let my guard down ♪ and then you pull the rug I was scared and used to being ♪ loved ♪ I was scared I was scared because you used to be someone I loved ♪ I was scared because you used to be someone I loved ♪ Announcer: We're about to turn up the heat in the villa as we welcome two new boys to "love island." I'm Dylan. I'm 25. I'm from "love island," and I'm a fitness and lacrosse coach. My perfect girl is someone I can laugh with constantly. I'm ready the find the girl of my dreams. My name is Cormac. I'm living in New York City. If I went to college, I'd have a degree in women. I don't think they know what's coming. I'm going to turn some heads. I'm here on "love island." I'm ready to love. Announcer: You can take control. Which two girls do you think should go on a date with Cormac and Dylan. The only way to be get solved is the "love island" app, Alana, Kyra, Mallory, Elizabeth, or caro? This is all happening right now. What you choose will be shown in tomorrow night's episode. Voting is free via the "love island" app on ios and android devices. Voting closes at 9:30 eastern, 8:30 central and 9:30 pacific time tonight. Announcer: Tomorrow night, that's literally like 23 hours from now, we find out which of our girls you voted to go on dates with two new boys who are joining the villa. Wow. What? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 