Love Island: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Love Island 
 s2e8 - Episode #2.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Love Island (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Episode #2.8 - full transcript 
 With James and Jeremiah out of the Villa, the remaining Islanders cuddle in their couples and bask in an unexpected moment of calm - until new girl Lauren magically appears by the pool and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "Love Island"... - ♪ Watch me now - Fear. MacKenzie, she real hot right now. She's mad. ...led to tears. For him to do that today I was just like, what? There's a point I'm not going to be such a push-over... and a dramatic recoupling. I would like to couple up with Caleb. Calvin. With an emotional double elimination. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jeremiah and James, say your good-byes. Tonight, new girl Lauren enters the villa. Oh, wow. Lauren is definitely the hottest girl that's walked through the villa. That's ridiculous. I mean, she's stunning. I think you're her type. And we find out who you voted to be her date. Dude, Tre. "LOVE ISLAND" Season 02 Episode 08 ♪ I don't understand playing by  the same hand. ♪ ♪ How find something new. ♪ I can't work it out what it's all about, I won't live my life ♪ through you. ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Last night, like a mountain climber during a midnight crisis, emotions were high, after a recoupling saw two O.G. Boys, James and Jeremiah, dumped from the island. I will miss you. I hope you all find love, man. ♪ This ain't what I signed up to ♪ Saying good-bye to two friends and half the "J" names in the villa left Carrington understandably upset. I really didn't expect to feel so bad. I figured he would go but I just... seeing it is different, - you know. - Yeah. I didn't think I would be that close with him, either, after such a short amount of time. Good-byes aren't easy to me. My parents are military. The only thing I can relate this to is when you're a kid, you meet a kid, and you become best friends, and you hang out every day and you do everything together. And then that kid's parents get sent overseas. And then the next day I'm going to wake up, and they're not going to be there, you know. That's kind of how things have gone for me. I just want to check on you, because I know that was a hard - loss for you. - Yeah. As was everyone, but, obviously, I'm very invested in you, and I want to make sure you're okay. Yeah, thank you. I'm fine. I'm always fine. But it's okay if you're not fine. Sometimes or any time. Seeing Carrington emotional tonight has definitely helped me see another side of him. I've seen multiple other sides, but I've never seen the open and vulnerable and emotional side of him. So it's really nice to see that he does have that, and that is there. I'll let you know. - Thank you. - Yeah. - But, yeah, I'm good. - Cool. Get up, baby. Give me a hug and a kiss. During the recoupling, Moira chose Calvin over her partner James. She reminisces with friends enjoying some of the finest wine served in the finest plastic. Oh, yeah, you're the new couple. Yeah. - Can I be honest with you guys? - Yes. When I said good-bye to James it was, like, the end of, like, end of such a... such a situation. A roller coaster. Yeah, such a roller coaster. Did you feel like a weightlifter. You guys saw me in the beginning. And now, I don't know, I feel like I have more, like, space to breathe, to, like, breathe into a new relationship. You know, James and I started off so strong. And just didn't finish off strong. And to basically have to send him home was, like, the hardest thing ever. How was your first recoupling? He had some sweet things today. I was like, "I hope I know who she's talking about." I'm so glad you liked it. I really have appreciated your openness to see, hey, you know, is this... is there a connection mere? Is it better than the connection I had? That was the toughest part. Super sad that our friend James. Absolutely. I moved so fast with James that I thought, like, everything could be great. And it kind of blew up in my face. And I'm a little more reserved this time because I want to make sure that we are going through this on a slower pace. Like, you just let me know in terms of, like, where your - head's at. - Uh-huh. I feel like Moira and indefinitely see eye to eye on a lot of things. I want to make sure that we do things the right way, the way that she feels comfortable with, and make sure that we're... we're in... synchronization on the right track moving forward. Like you said before, taking it day by day. - Yeah. - Day by day. I'd love to take this day by day with you. Rachel chose new boy Caleb or Jeremiah, who left behind 12 good friends and a high-quality waterproof mic pack. I'm excited to be in here coupled up. You know, it was a stressful couple of days. Yeah, yeah. As long as we're open and continue to communicate, I think both of us are going to be just fine. I'm really looking forward to just kind of letting our guard down and having some fun, and seeing where the future takes - us. - Damn. I'm going to get makeup on your shirt. But you're gonna have to... all good. Okay. It's okay. It's worth that hug. With a touching speech, Justine decoupled with her little tre of sunshine. - How you feel about tonight? - I was so nervous. Did you like my speech? When I heard you say all of that, it just kind of turned everything around. Like, I was smiling. Like, I was happy, okay. I was happy, Justine. You made me happy. - Yeah? - Yes, you did. And, obviously, I was kind of sad because I knew Jeremiah was going to be leaving, but in a night full of, like, events and, like, some sad stuff, you were the highlight of my night. - For real. - Really? You made me feel good, Justine. And I don't want to mess this up. Give me a hug. - I appreciate it. - Oh! Are you... Try! - Just give me a hug. - Okay. Can you give my three kisses. Thanks. ♪ I yes myself... in the dark ♪ She's still looking for Carrington, and he's still not here. What is that man doing? He's just, like, really with his feelings this evening. Are you a mask sleeper or you can fall asleep, you're used to it now? Uhm, I could go both ways. I've done a little bit of both. What about you? I never have been the eyebrow kind of person. No, I haven't. What? You're in trouble, Carrington. Why? Because you miss a lot. What did I miss? Your girl's been missing a lot. They're looking at photos of you. ♪ ..On and on and on ♪ ♪ ..Feel it on and on. ♪ ♪ On and on and on >> As drawn breaks over the disinfected rooftop paradise, the sleeping islanders have no idea what's coming their way. She's hot. She's British. And you better believe she walks in slow motion. ♪ Time for me to take it on the bus ride down. ♪ I'm gonna fake it now when you put down. I'm Lauren. I'm from Oxford in England, Andi live in L.A. Usually when I walk into a room I do kind of feel a lot of eyes on me. My take on girl code is that it definitely exists. Like, I would never take one of my friends' man. But the one guy in the villa that I find to be the most attractive right now is Johnny. And we can be, like, a great power couple. So if I have to hurt somebody's feelings to do that, like, I want to think about my feelings, too. ♪ What's wrong with being confident? ♪ Now I'm letting go. ♪ ♪ I make my own choice I run the show ♪ There's a girl outside! ♪ Confident The across from Seesars islanders have a package from across the pond waiting for them on the sun bed. There's a girl outside! Lauren is one hot crumpet. Wait, too easy. Doesn't look like she'll end up sconely. She's hot and British and probably going to cause some drama. Enjoy. Hi! Hello! Hi, Johnny. - How are you? - I'm good, how are you. - I'm Rachel. - I'm Lauren. Nice to meet you. I'm Lauren. You look amazing! New girl in the villa. She's so freaking hot. Like, we literally all woke up looking crusty as hell. You look hell-a-good. - You smell good! - Thank you. - You're welcome! - Thank you. I'm so excited to be here. I'm, like, trying to take it all in. It's gorgeous. Your accent! I'm British, yeah. She's British. Hi, I'm Caleb. I'm Lauren, nice to meet you. Hello. I'm going to follow you guys, I guess. Being out of quarantine feels amazing. And then everybody is, like, so good looking. So, its nice. And to be free, to be able to, like, touch and be with people again. I forgot what it was like in the old times. Hi, guys! Hello! It's so cute in here. I can't get over your accent. - It's amazing. - Thank you. So, of course, who you feeling? Honestly, I really don't know. Literally from the moment I saw her, I was like Connor is not her type. There is no way that would happen. Connor and I made it official. Oh, you did? - Yeah, so we're boyfriend-girlfriend. - Congratulations. - Thank you. - That was fast. Connor, buckle up. I think you're her type. I think she's coming for you. She looks really good. She has a body, too. Would you entertain her if she came to you. If she was like the initiator, I think so. So. Lauren look Verizon attractive. Her look right now I think would be a look that a lot of guys here would go for, including me. I'm kind of scared to talk to her. She's a beautiful girl. Her British accent, you know, is really attractive. Yeah, we have to show her around, though. Oh! Oh! I'm excited. Lauren, you want to let us show you around? Yes, I do. Let's go. Yo! Look at these bodies! I'm just excited. I don't know what to expect, but I'm kind of feeling like Johnny seems like he's pretty cool, trying to be helpful. Carrington is hot. And I like him, too. He's, like, a little bit reserved, but I have to feel it out. I can make coffee or somebody can make me coffee, because I don't know how to do it. If I can see the machine, I'll figure it out. The siren in thew ambulance, called by the other girls. Where are you from? I'm from Oxford. How old are you? 29. A lot of you guys are babies. Is age a problem for you dating younger guys? No, I usually date younger guys, to my detriment. To your detriment. Maybe it will be a blessing this time. Maybe. How do you feel about potentially stealing somebody. I don't think I have a choice. You have to steal someone, right. You have to do what you have to do. Exactly. I don't know everybody for sure. I haven't seen much of you, but, carrington, I was like, I don't know if I could trust you. Yeah, so I feel like Connor and Mackenzie seem like they're very controlling. Oh! But, yeah, you guys just made it official. Congratulations. Girlfriend-boyfriend. It's not completely there yet. Wait, did she say that to you? You poor boy. Yeah. Connor, have you told MacKenzie that you're not official, because she officially thinks you're official. I feel like I am... Oh, my god! I don't know, so, I also... it was, like, a playful thing. I do feel like I have these feelings toward her right now. I haven't officially made a special way of asking her yet. - But I do feel like... - Okay, all right, all right, cool. Yeah. Things just got spicy with Lauren coming into the villa. And, honestly, I feel like Mackenzie should be the most concerned if Lauren shows any kind of interest in Connor. Lauren is definitely the hottest girl who has walked through the villa. Oh, wow, man. This is... interesting. And it's going to get even more interesting once we reveal which boys Americavoted for Lauren to go on a date with. We're going to go work out. All right. It was nice to meet everybody. Nice to meet you, too. I just pour it straight in? Yeah. Basically. MacKenzie and Connor hold a conference to discuss the various matters of the day. Item one: Lauren. Item 2: Actually, I doubt they'll get around to item 2. So what do you think of her? - I think she's cool. - Yeah. I'm not, like, I don't feel, like, intimidated. I think she's beautiful and I think she's amazing but I'm not, like, threatened. Sure. Yeah. Did you have a chat with heart all? Like, we're all kind of just around here talking, talking with her. I didn't say a whole lot. But, yeah, so she was kind of just giving us, like the rundown of what she thought of each of us stuff. What did she say? She said, "I know you and Mackenzie are love birds, lovey-dovey." She said that? Yes. And shy said what you said, Andi said we were official and I wanted to make it official for you. If I I was one of the girls, the one who should be the most worried right now is Mackenzie. I would be overly concerned if I was MacKenzie right now. She just came in and changed the whole vibe of the villa. ♪ Loosen up my button, babe saying what you're gonna do Tome ♪ Don't try too hard. Uhm, oh, my god, the new girl's body, are you kidding me? What the hell! Yes, Lauren. - ♪ Did you see - Did you see it? That's ridiculous. ♪ I don't think you know loosen up my buttons, baby ♪ They make them different in the U.K. We're here to take risks not play it safe. That would be a horrible feeling being in the girls' shoes right now. I don't know why, but Theo.J. Is hitting the spot. The fact that they just made it official last night. I don't know about that. They didn't. She made it official last night. If that was me, bro, after everything we saw last night, I would be like, excuse me. God bless you. God bless you. Enjoy your workout, boys. We'll be watching! How did that go? I told her what I Laurent, that I'm, like, it was, like we are there. I did want to make it more, like, special and official with her. And she was like... it was smooth. It was cool. I am bamboozled right now. Your reaction said everything, bro. You're not in a relationship with her. You're keeping your options open. When someone asks you, "do you have a girlfriend?" You say yes. You don't hesitate. I think my loyalty to Mackenzie kind of outweighs like, me, making the first move. So, like, Lauren hasn't done that yet. And I think once she selects one of you guys, that will kind of put closure to it. If she comes up to you to get to know Connor, are you going to be talking about MacKenzie and your relationship or are you going to be talking about Connor and Lauren and the possibilities that could take hold? A lot of the dudes walking around here, you know, looking really confident in their relationship are about to be tested for the first time. And I've got my popcorn ready. I can't wait to see what happens. If I'm being completely honest, I am very open to getting to know her. Yeah. Welcome back. Here we have new girl Lauren having a convo withn Connor. She's trying to, but Mackenzie is so chill, it's difficult to speak. It's all happening, guys. Are you so excited? - I am pretty excited - I know sometimes it can get, at least for me, kind of exhausting feeling like you have to go 100% and talk about your feelings and talk about your - emotions to every single person. - I know. Don't feel you have to rush things. Because... >> I don't want to feel rushed. Yeah. You might, like, make a rash decision before you actually have fully comprehended - how you feel towards things. - Right. This is not my style to come in and be like, "how do you feel about me?"I don't know. Let me learn you first and see how you are. Lauren is a girl who is very confident. You can tell that just by looking at her. I mean, I'm not threatened whatsoever. I wouldn't be threatened... I mean, she's stunning but I'm not the type to be like, "I'm so nervous." Not at all. It's almost like your position right now. You're the first person to come in here and not... and not go on a date with someone because you picked them. Oh, good point, babe. Your position is almost, like, this is what dating is like. Connor, it's impossible to even get within six feet of him without, like, MacKenzie being, like, wrapping her arms around him or something. So I'm like, dude, I'm just trying to get to know here. It's not that serious. Try to do your best, as hard as it is, to not be guarded, first with the girls. I mean, I know it's new and, like, everything, but, no, I don't guarded. I feel like everybody is nice. It will all come and fall into place. Come on over, Lauren. Come on over and chat. I'm already burning from, like, 10 minutes over there. How was breakfast? - It was good. - Yeah? Does anyone want to go in theater in a little? I think we're all going to go swimming. - We usually do. - Do you want to talk? Yeah, we can go talk. Let's go. I don't know where it's not too hot that you won't burn. Up here? I figure you're going to start pulling people. Yeah, I want to pull you. I'm not sure upon. I can't put my figure on you yet. So who... I'm going to drop a bomb on you... who physically attracts you the most because you have to get to know everyone's personality? I don't know. I haven't figured you out yet. You'll have plenty of time. I'm open to talking to you. Yeah. I wouldn't feel weird about pulling me, or especially anybody. If only you heard the talks we all have. Nobody here is really like this. That's what everybody has been kind of saying to me. They're like, it's not... nothing is as it seems. Nobody really knows how anybody's really feeling, their intentions. Who knows? Okay, the convo is lasting way too long. Like, what are they even talking about? I have no idea. This is a long time. How are you feeling? Uneasy. You don't need to be nervous. - Oh, my god, I can feel like... - Don't cry. Don't cry. No, you're good. You're too fire right now. You are too fire. Girl, I promise you you're good. We're all in the same boat here. She said she wants to get to know Johnny. No, I know that. Regardless of the fact, like, know how this works. It's just not a good feeling. Yeah. I think you're good, though. I think he's so into you. They are until they aren't. Ay-yi-yi. Terrible. You could be big game plan. I feel like you you've got a couple of layers in there that you're holding on to that I think are in there somewhere that I'd like to see. As we talk more, I think I'll definitely open up a little it's pretty cool to see Lauren is way down to earth. She's very realistic, which olive when people are realistic. I think we need some more people who are real. And Lauren, obviously, is super hot. Well. It was nice talking to you. It was nice talking to you, too. I think it's good. I think you're already opening up a little bit more. Opening up a little bit more. I think you have more side to you. And I can see that in you, too. I see... I can kind of pick up, like, a vibe that we're a little similar. I don't know if that's a good thing or if that's a problem. Kierstan is worried that Lauren might steal carrington from her. Let's see what she has to say about the current British invasion. Honestly, it was a convoy... - Convo... - I know. I was like are they on a damn date. It wasn't anything bad at all. - It was just like gettingy... - Getting to know her? Getting to know me. I didn't ask her too many questions. I wasn't sure. I was kind of losing my mind. But that's just how I am. I get in my head about everything, and I just implode. No, it's all right. Like, last week, I... I mean samething. When you get pulled, obviously, I'm in my head, too. But at the end of the day, you just have to trust who you're talking to. That's why I keep saying don't stress the things you can't control. But, I mean, I suck at taking my own advice. Nothing... noth nothing's change from that. I'm glad you told me that. I'm losing my mind. That's how I do. I don't, like, express things outside. I just kind of implode. Sully was just like, I can fee lit radiating off you. "I have never seen you like this. I said, "I don't get like this." I mean, I lost it. You don't need to be sad. Everything... everything is the same. - Nothing to worry about? - Yeah. I just I don't know. I've never felt this way before. I think the reason it's upsetting me so much is just back to my past. I've been cheated on, and for everyone to be, like, seem so secure. Like, I feel like everything's going to go great. She's just feeling everyone out, and it's just going to be so embarrassing if... it's like, wow, one conversation to keep everything open. I went on two dates, and all could do was talk about him. All I could do was think about him. Oh, I can't even get into this. ♪ It's not over yet it's only begun ♪ It is what it is. I can't control it. Can't change it. Just hope for the best. - ♪ Can't be undone - Give me a hug. I need it. ♪ It's not over yet it's only begun ♪ Welcome back to "Love Island," where, much like a small country with natural resources and a weak military, Carrington has quickly fallen under British influence. I told Kierstan me and you're very happy. But I told her she's allowed to talk to me. She's allowed to get to know me, just like people got to know you. We're all good. She comes off like she's going to have a freak-out. I'm not here to just have a villa girlfriend and then bounce. I want someone that I can take into my life after this. So, right now, I'm not sure if that's Kierstan. I'm physically more attracted to Lauren, for sure. And I think the conversation we had, one conversation, was so much more interesting than the ones I've had with Kierstan. You need to listen to yourself. Because, like, what I'm hearing is if you stay with Kierstan you're playing it safe. Basically. This girl is mature. I really do like Kierstan, but I'm tired of just pushing people away and not getting to know them because what if my perfect match is somebody else? You never know. Just when the girls feel the power switch it's very dramatic. Like, it's very obvious, bro. Yeah. And it's very unattractive to me. And all the guys are trying to do is make the girls feel more comfortable. Yeah. Poor Kierstan. Try! Behave yourself! He's already starting. You just have to instigate, just a little bit. She asked a question earlier. I need a tissue again. And she was like, "do you guys think there's anyone who kind of wishes they were with someone else?" And I was like, "girl..." Out of respect I have for... I'm not going to go and pursue anything. You're not going to pursue anything? No. If she comes and pulls me and we talk, then I'll talk to her, Obviously. But I'm not going out of my way to do anything. That's beautiful, tre. I like the position I'm in right now. It's very good. And I feel like I owe some respect to Justine. We're finally starting to get closer. Oh, man. Uhm, so, I just wanted to grab you because I know that, like, we are taking everything at our own pace and, like, taking everything slow. But I feel like at this point, at our pace, like, I don't know if it's, slow now, like, waiting for something, like, real to spark. You know? But how do you feel? 7. I mean, I'm going at your pace. So. I know. I'm not saying that there's nothing there with you. I'm the type of person who, like, I fall in love very quickly and very fast, which is why... which is why I also had to have this conversation with Tre because my feelings don't normally move this slow. Everyone deserves to find somebody in here, so I just want the best for Tre. With Lauren coming in here, I wan't you to, like, take full advantage of her being here. Got you. I like Justine. I definitely do. And I feel like we will be going for the long run. And then for her to hit me with this curve ball today, it felt like a slap in the face. Why do you want to get all close now? I just want to be honest. I'm about to get into the pool. Are you going to invite me into the pool with you? I don't know if you want to get your hair wet. As Tre makes a cool tray-sit ion into the pool, I'm make a cool transition into this... promotion for our gorgeous sponsors, Seesars. After a segue like, that I ha veto cool off with the garden of the gods pool oacyis at Seesarspalace. They have pools... seven of them! The aquatic adventures are endless. I hope he's wearing sunblock. offer. Splish splash. - ♪ I sold my soul sot devil - New Brit islander Lauren is exploring the various guy lands getting a feel for who she would like to emotionally colonize. But it's America that will choose the guy she goes on her first official date with. I feel excited to be in here. I'm just, like, trying to get to know everybody, like, one on one on a real level. Like, everyone's hot, so. Some people, they came inhere, and on the second day were like, this is the person I want to be with. Yeah, how is that possible? - I have no problem with... - Connor and MacKenzie? Yeah, Connor and MacKenzie. Even us, we're pretty strong, and we have a lot in common and we're both realistic in the sense, if someone comes in here, we're not going to shut ourselves off like MacKenzie has - kind of like... - Right, she's been like, no, this is it, and she's kind of made the choice for both of them, I think. I won't be taken just by good looks. When you first walked in, I was like really attractive with what you have going on. And then you were like, "her personality sucks." No, I'm saying I need to get to know your personality for you to be someone I would be willing to give up what I have going on. Exactly, no, definitely. The conversation with Johnny was, like, smooth, and, like, flirty and cute, and not too much. And very honest. So I think he's definitely open to getting to know me. I don't want to see that go down the drain just for something, like, initial sexual attraction, and physical - attraction. - So you're attracted to me? Oh! Johnny's got game. Too bad tre is about to intercept in five, four, three, two, one. My bad to interrupt all your conversations. Can I pull you for a second? Justine threw the curveball at me basically telling me I should explore my options, specifically with Lauren, so it changed my thought process immediately. So what's something I wouldn't guess about you. I was born dead. Wait, what? Yes, I was born with the umbilical cord wrapped around my neck so I was, like, dead. You're a blessing in guys. You say I know all these things and I don't know. I guess I'm here to remind you. Thank you. If Lauren does show interest in me, then it will be kind of hard to stay with Justine. At the end of the day, I just want to be happy. Like, I just want to be wanted. I just want to be happy. What was your first impression of me? Game player. It was like oh, my god. Like, how many girls is this boy going to try to kiss, for god's - sake. - It was only two. It felt like 200. He was a lot different than I thought he would be. I saw a different side of him I didn't think I was going to see. After each getting some alone time with the alluring lady from the land of the union Jack, the guys form a Jack union and talk, feelings, bro. It's funny, people who have talked to her are like, what do - you think of her? - "I'm sexually attracted to her, physically attracted to her. It definitely made me feel some kind of way when I first saw her this morning. I would be interested in giving her a shot. You know what? There are things about her I could see myself liking. I am physically attracted to her more. I think we all are. I think that if any of us out of the six of us should be pursuing this girl, is you, because we're all attracted to her, sure. But looking for someone that could potentially be, you know, a romantic connection, you need that, bro. Johnny is maybe almost semi-certain his head kind of won't be totally turned by Lauren. He seeks to reassure Cely, starting by admitting he's physically attracted to the beguiling British beauty. I was physically attracted to her, but that's not enough to leave you or to even consider leaving you. I just eye just don't want that. You know, even if she pulls me on a date or something, like, yeah, she's cool, or whatever. She's definitely easy to talk to. But she's not you. You're so cute. I'm just saying, like, don't worry about any of that. Okay. Cely is a real confident girl. She's not intimidated, and if she she's not showing it. And I think that's very attractive for me. I'm going to take a shower, And I'll see you later tonight. Thanks, Johnny boo. Give me a kiss. ♪ You think you found the one I've known you far too long. ♪ And I know the smile isn't real ♪ I feel you look like Cleopatra. So hot. Does anybody here that the hope the night ends with them getting a kiss with Lauren? ♪ Something's going to go down tonight ♪ Do you think so? Everybody keeps saying that. Everybody is like, something's happening. Something's happening." Ei I feel it. You do. Oh, yeah. If you had just one, what kind of kiss are you going to give her? I would be like... Damn! Thank you, all for being so lovely and welcoming to my first night in the villa. I'm happy to be here, and happy to get to know everybody. That was good! Uh-oh! I got a text! Drop the mic! America! What are you doing! It's America, not me. He's not going anywhere. Do they hate me? Why on earth would they vote for somebody in a happy relationship to go on a date with somebody? To have to imagine Connor on a date with somebody else is just a terrible feeling. - I just can't even... - I got another text! Ooooh! I'm going to go with... ♪ This is my battle cry Lauren is going on a date with Connor, and now she must choose two other guys to date as well. Uhm... I'm going to go with... Johnny and Carrington. Obviously, cCarrington being picked is not a good feeling. But it's also not a surprise. I'm not worried. I'm irreplaceable. Have fun! It's not your fault. Do I just go that way? I'm nervous even to follow. Oh, my god. This girl is going to slit my throat. I mean, her boy is locked in situation that I pity him for. Like, for it to not even be my choice, and for tears and everything to be happening, is frightening. You have nothing to worry about. All that matters right now is that I'm here with you right now. - I will always be here... - I don't want you to go. Okay. I don't want you to go. Come here. Come here. Babe, it's just... it's just a date. We're just going to sit and talk! Do you want a second? No, it's okay. You guys have to leave. You have nothing to worry about. I think I'm going to throw up. I'll be back soon, okay? I'm going to be sick. Are you ready to go? - I'm sorry, yeah. - This is like... So MacKenzie did not react very well to this situation. But it is a kind of a sense of relief to escape. I will definitely go into this night with, you know, an absolutely open mind. I've never been on a date. Haven't you? No, this is my first date. This is your first date. And you've got tears? As Connor and Lauren head out for their date, MacKenzie emerges to explain why she's feeling so red, white, and blue. ♪ I don't want to know who we are ♪ without each other. - ♪ It's just too hard - MacKenzie, are you okay? No, I'm not okay! Talk to me. Talk to me. I honestly would have been less upset if she had just picked him. But the fact we've been in a relationship since day one, and America would vote for him to go with her. Like, do they hate me that much? I spent so much time feeling like I was never enough for anybody. And I just feel like... America is trying to say that I'm not good enough for Connor. ♪ I don't know to know what it's like ♪ Don't take it like as America hates you. Wanting to see him on a date with another girl when we're falling in love? Isn't what you're supposed to do? Yeah. Isn't that what people want. - We're literally doing that. - Give me a hug. Give me a hug. I can't promise it. I don't want to be here anymore. Stop. Don't talk like that. I thought I was such a good person. You are a good person. Why would America do this to me? Why would they take my boyfriend? He's not going anywhere, MacKenzie. Why would they even want him to? Why would they vote for that? Why? ♪ Can't live without you Thursday night, who's going to make a move on new girl Lauren? Lauren's definitely the hottest girl that's walked into the villa. I'm looking for somebody fun and outgoing and honest. Check, check, check. So when you did walk into the villa this morning, you were exactly what I was looking for. Uh-huh. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH Sync corrections by srjanapala OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 