Dinosaurs: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dinosaurs 
 s2e2 - Family Challenge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dinosaurs (1991–1994): Season 2, Episode 2 - Family Challenge - full transcript 
 Fran thinks that the family spends far too much time in front of the TV. So when a freak accident destroys it, she sees it as a blessing-- but Earl is looking for another way out. So he enters the family in a game show in which the prize is a deluxe television set. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Honey, I'm home. [male on TV] One gun, one badge... So, Earl, how was your day? - Yes, dear. Whatever you say. - [male on TV]...but he's sensitive... So, kids, what's new in school? - Sure, Mom. - I'll get to it. [sighs] What's new with you? Shh! Move. Welcome back to Pangaea's Funniest Home Injuries. [all laughing] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And now here's a father and son playing catch a little too near an active volcano and giving new meaning to the expression, "go deep." Go deep! I can reach you. Go deep! I got it! I got it! I got it! I got... Aah! You know, Earl, I had something funny happen to me today. On video? In my life. I want to talk at the dinner table. We don't see each other all day, and I think we should talk to each other at the dinner table. Mom, we can talk anytime. Pangaea's Funniest Home Injuries is only on right now! Then you'll watch whatever show comes on next. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But that's a totally different show. - What is it? - Second Funniest Home Injuries. I actually like that one much better. We don't get that much time together as a family... Ma, you're thinking too hard. Relax. Look at the bright colors. It's... nice. [grunting] Come on, honey, turn that thing off! J Pangaea, Pangaea, it's good to see you I Get hurt} - [all gasping] - Oops! - Aw, jeez. - [song on TV] Fine. You and I will eat dinner together like a civilized family. [Baby grunting] We interrupt Pangaea's Second Funniest Home Injuries for this news bulletin. [Earl] Jeez, hurry up. Now, here's DNN correspondent, Howard Handupme. A meteor watch has been put into effect throughout the Pangaean panhandle. Scientists have specifically pinpointed this particular house as the point of probable impact. Come on, come on! What does this have to do with me? Uh, Dad, uh... What? I think that's our house. Nah! Yeah, I think so. Na... Na... Not the mama. Na... Huh? Yeah, look! [laughs] Huh? Huh? Hey, hey, hey. Hey, Fran, come here, come here! Look at this. I'm on TV. Hey, everybody, it's The Earl Show! [Earl humming] J There are chicks 3 Just ripe for some kissin' 3 And I mean J To kiss me a few - Ohh! - & Oh, those chicks [screaming] J Don't know what they're missin' J I've got a lot of livin' ♪ Todo ♪ [screaming] - Again! - [gasps] We've been canceled. We now return you to our regularly scheduled program. [screaming] OK, well, I've finished my preliminary claim inspection, Mr. Sinclair, and I would appraise the damages sustained here... Don't try and cheat me on this! 'Cause I know you insurance guys, you have absolutely no ethics! How much would you say your television set was worth? Ten thousand dollars. Hmm? Good thing I popped for that extra meteor coverage, huh? For us, yes, but if you refer to that large bound volume we sent you, labeled "exclusions," you'll find that a meteor is only a meteor until it enters the Earth's atmosphere, at which time it becomes a meteorite. We're not gonna get any money, are we? Not unless your house was hovering in space at the time it was struck. It was, it was. You could ask anybody! I swear! I don't see this as a loss at all. I see this as our chance to spend time talking to each other. I see this as a blessing in disguise! [yawns] [yawning] What exactly is this blessing disguised as, Fran? Misery? Awkwardness? Oh, I know! It's disguised as mind-numbing boredom! Look, we're not used to communicating. We've lost the art of conversation. Earl, tell me about your day. I don't wanna. At least ask your children what happened in school today. What happened in school today, Robbie? Uh, may I be excused? - I don't see why not. - Oh, thanks. Don't you get out of that chair! No one gets out of their chair until we talk to each other like a family. Oh, this is vicious! Fine, Charlene, you can go first. Tell us about your day. OK. Well, I went to school. Nothing's going on there. There was a... book or something. Then I went to the mall. This is good. They had a booth, and they analyzed my skin. And it turns out I have combination scales! Some are oily, and some are dry, and some are in between. Here's where it gets really interesting. They blended me 2 custom scale moisturizer, emolient, lusterizer, conditioner mousse with a pH balance and a sun-protection factor, which, coincidentally, matches the combination body splash gel, and came in a free carrying case with a loofa! Uh... Robbie! Imagine running into you here. Tell me all about you. Let's get to know each other. Gee, Mom, I'm not that interesting. Don't fight it. The more you struggle, the more painful it will be. OK. There is something I've been thinking about. I wouldn't mind hearing what the family thinks. I'm a little confused about the nature of reality. No kidding? Like if a tree falls in the forest and nobody's around to see it or hear it, did it actually fall? Ooh! Now, that is intriguing! Who can build on that? Where are you going? I'm going to see if the tree fell. I'll be back in a couple of days. If you leave this house, I will never talk to you again! Throw in the rest of the family, then you got yourself a deal! Free, with your paid subscription to Dinosaur Sports... - [phone ringing] - Hmm? What? The rock is ringing! Wow! it's a phone! It's a rock! It's a Rok-Fone! [laughing] Hello? Yeah? - Sounds great. - Hello, the TV. I missed you. Did you miss me? Tough day without the TV, pally boy? Oh, yeah. Did I miss anything? You kidding? First of all, on Oh, Those Becklesons, Arnie's son, Mikey, got picked on by a bully at school. And Arnie had to teach him a valuable lesson about life. Ooh. I've never seen anything like that. Yeah, well, those guys are breaking new ground every week. Jeez! What else did I miss? Oh, wait. Then on We're Not Even Related, But Somehow We're All Living Together... That's a great show! ...when Delores and Stan go out for the evening, teenaged Billy throws a party, and trouble erupts. Did it turn out all right? Everyone learned a valuable lesson about life. [sighs] And I was wasting these precious hours with my family. - Yeah. - I got to get a new TV! Yeah. How much does one like that cost now? Oh, 700 or 800 bucks. Oh, I could never afford that. And those Becklesons will learn more and more valuable lessons about life, and I'm gonna get left behind! What am I gonna do? [male announcer] Would you like to own this gorgeous 90-inch stereophonic, - surround-sound, big tube television? - Yes! You could, if you and your entire family appear as contestants on television's favorite family game show, the Family Challenge! Hey! I got a family. Of course, I'd have to split the TV with them. Aw, what the heck? Now the most important thing is always save your double coupons for the more expensive items. Is that my wonderful family? I'm not talking to you. Fran, I thought long and hard, and I think you're right. We should do more things together as a family. Like what? Something that will teach us to nurture, share and improve our general knowledge of trivia. What are you talking about? Well, hey, I don't know. Nothing planned, no agenda. Off the top of my head... ...a game show, the Family Challenge. Want to go on it with the family? ATV game show? I don't know. Come on, come on. It'll be great. What do you think, kids? All in favor, sit there motionless. It's unanimous, Fran. - Seen this one. - [Robbie humming] Seen this one. Ah! Seen this one too! As you know, we have been accepted as contestants on the Family Challenge, which leaves us 30 days to absorb all the knowledge in the world. Now, some of us might not make it. How are we supposed to get so smart so fast? No problem. As you can see, I have separated all known dinosaur wisdom into three categories: "Animal, vegetable, rocks." Well, what about fire? Vegetable. What about water? Water is the opposite of fire, which we have previously established as a vegetable. What's the opposite of a vegetable? Fruit. So water is a fruit. Fruit is not a vegetable, so it has to be either an animal or a rock. We know it's not an animal. Therefore, fruit is a rock. Daddy, I asked you about water. Could we hold all questions until the end of the lecture, please? Not the TV! I don't want to do this. - Charlene! - Why not? I'm used to being embarrassed by you guys on a local level. I don't know how I feel about being humiliated nationally. Oh, Charlene, your father's just trying to organize a family activity. That's right. When you're older, Charlene, perhaps you'll realize family is all you have in the world and all you really need. I've come to be on the game show. Who needs you? Grandma Ethyl is part of the family. She's the annoying part of the family, Fran. I guess you won't need any help with the ancient history questions. And what makes you the ancient history expert? I was there. Mom, welcome to the team. [laughs] Yutz. Robbie, ask me another one. Dad, you haven't gotten one right yet. I'm finding my rhythm. Ask me, ask me. OK, OK. "What can fish do underwater that dinosaurs can't?" Sing! Wrong. Breathe. - We can't breathe underwater? - Nope. That stinks. Oh, why don't we know any of this stuff? Why aren't we smarter? Why haven't we reached our full potential? What has held us back? Don't touch that dial. We'll be right back. Your mileage may differ. Tell him what he's won, Bob. How hot was it? This concludes our broadcast day. You think it could be television? Oh, Fran, what if you're right? We've done nothing but watch television our whole lives. And now we know nothing. Now we're suffering the consequences. [bell chiming] Now we're missing The Winkie the Moose Show. And they said if you only see one Winkie this season, tonight's the one. We can change what we've become, starting right now. When you first came up with the idea of us going on a game show, I thought there must be some ulterior motive. Motive? You thought that? [laughs] Well... But now I see it for what it is. It's exactly what you said. It's our chance to learn together and grow closer as a family. I know. Cumulus. Yes! Right on! [laughing] [all] Yay! [Earl] All right. Here is the concept of gravity. Now watch closely. [all] Mmm. Aah! [laughing] [laughing] [laughing] [all laughing] I never realized how lovely it could be, sitting here with my family, sharing these lovely moments. [male announcer] It's time once again to play the world's first and most popular game show, the Family Challenge. [crowd cheering] Here's Mr. Family Challenge himself, Buddy Glimmer. [cheering continues] Hey, thank you. Thank you. Ha-ha! OK, now let's meet our families. First, our challengers. Let's hear it for the Sinclairs. - Yeah! - Whoo-hoo! Hi. Hi, Buddy. I'm Earl. Ladies, ladies. Just like to meet the ladies. And this delightful lovely is? Oh, Charlene Sinclair. Of course you are. Who's this vision of loveliness? Well, I'm Fran Sinclair, homemaker and proud mother of three. Ohh. Fran! Ha-ha! Yes! Give me a big wet one. [kissing noises] And let's say hello to our returning champions, the Nielson family! So, Nielsons, so, what have you been up to since last time? Just sitting around the house watching television, I guess. Television's our life. [laughing] Any favorite shows? Just about every one of them, Buddy. [laughing] Well, introduce us to your family, would you? Sure, Buddy. This is my wife, Gladys. - Hello. - She handles the remote. - My son, he brings me chips. - Hi! - What's his name, dear? - Chip. - My daughter Sally on the end. - Hi, Buddy. [laughing] Fran, I forgot how much I used to enjoy the TV. I haven't seen television in a month now. It doesn't seem so important to me anymore. And here are today's categories. "TV Last Week," TV Last Night, TV, TV, TV Potpourri, - "and Families..." - [both] Oh. "...on TV." Ohh. What an unpleasant coincidence. Champions, select. TV Last Night, Buddy. On last night's episode of Where's My Trousers?, what did Bernie find hanging in his closet? - [buzzing] - Ah, Sinclairs. [all gasping] I'll take the curtain, Bob. - No, no, no, sweetheart. - Why? Come on, Dad, we can figure this out. Yeah, we used to watch TV. OK. Um, um... Ah... it's hanging in his closet. So then it would have to be... - [buzzer beeping] - ...an isosceles triangle! [all cheering] [buzzer] [all groaning] [all laughing] Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! And that ends round two, with the Nielsons leading at 3,460 and the Sinclairs at... five. - [all groan] - [Baby laughs] Well, Earl Sinclair, it looks like you've lost that beautiful grand prize 90-inch color television set. Television set? Is that the reason you wanted to be on this show? That's what you had in mind all along? No, no, no! No! Yes! But only at first. That was before we spent those weeks learning together as a family. I loved that. I would never trade that for some big TV set. That's easy to say now that there's no chance of winning. I mean it. If he offered me one more chance to win that set right now, I wouldn't take it. Well, Sinclairs, you've got one more chance to win this 90-inch surround-sound, really, really big tube television in our sudden-death playoff round. And since you're behind, Sinclairs, way behind, it's your choice. You can either test your knowledge with one more TV question you have almost no chance of getting right, OI'... ...square off for an exciting winner-take-all fight to the death with Mr. Nielson in our patented Cage of Doom. It's your choice, Earl Sinclair. In our sudden-death round. Ah. Well, Earl, what will it be? Ah... Oh... Kill him, Daddy. Eat his head, fat boy. - We'll bet it all, Bob. - [audience] Cage of Doom! Well, Earl Sinclair, what will it be? The cage or the question? Uh... [audience] Cage of Doom! Cage of Doom! I'll take the question, Buddy. - You will? - What? - [both] What? - Maybe I didn't explain this. I understood. Give it to me. Bring it up. [Nielsons cheering] Tuesday night was a very special episode of Oh, Those Becklesons. For the big-screen TV and the game, what very valuable lesson did Benji Beckleson learn about life? Uh... Huh? Daddy. Well, Buddy, he learned that television shows come and go and sometimes you feel attached to the characters on TV, but what life really comes down to isn't TV. It's the love between your family... [buzzer] Boy, are you way off! He learned never to give the lowest species the keys to the father's car. Well, that's valuable too. And the Nielsons are our winners again! [all cheering] Well, Sinclairs, we always like to say here on the Family Challenge, "There are no losers." But let's face it, you stink! Hey, we may stink, but at least we stink as a family. But nobody leaves the Family Challenge empty-handed. Even though you didn't win our grand prize 90-inch TV, you go home with this perfectly lovely 13-inch portable set. - Whoa! - [Baby] Yay! And, Robbie, I saw your teacher at the supermarket. He told me how much fun it was seeing you on television last night. And he said you've been doing much better in school lately. By the way, Charlene, everybody I run into tells me how attractive you looked. Some dinosaurs are just naturally photogenic. [crowd laughing on TV] Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. - Blah, blah, blah. - [crowd laughing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 