Gunpowder: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gunpowder 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gunpowder (2017): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 As the King's network of spies close in on them Catesby and Wintour try to raise an army for their plot across mainland Europe. The plotters then gather in London and a plan is formed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Every Papist in the Kingdom is a potential traitor. They must be watched and made to answer for their crime. What you propose, sir, is a recipe for rebellion. On the contrary, My Lord Northumberland it is a recipe to avoid rebellion. My sister was crushed like a seed. My brother, butchered like a hog. They will be revenged. The sword plays no part in what we do. Can His Majesty not see the danger the Kingdom is in? Flanders is where these dangerous spirits are gathered. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My name is Guy Fawkes. I have nothing to do with desperate men. I am... a desperate man. Gentlemen. His Excellency, the Constable of Castille. Ahem. Your Excellency, I am Robert Catesby... His Excellency knows who you are, Master Catesby. State your purpose. My purpose is to kill the King of England. In our country, as Catholics we are hunted prisoned, fined banished, tortured and hanged. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Kings are anointed of God. James is a pretended king. And a tyrant. God alone disposes of kings. Good or bad. Help us, Excellency. Spain is our only hope. How would have Spain help you? Send us soldiers. Send us arms and horses that we may restore the True Faith. The treaty that is presently under negotiation between his Catholic Majesty King Felipe and King James of England will see an end to your persecution. Before any treaty is signed we will be overpowered and uprooted We will be utterly destroyed. I beg you, Excellency. Do not suffer this to happen. We will consider your petition. Sir, if you saw what I have seen you would not weep tears of pity and rage though your eyes would be pricked and red. You would reach for your sword as I reach for mine. I have news of Catesby. He was seen in the company of his cousin Wintour and also with Jack Wright. Catesby, Wintour and Wright. That is a dangerous pack. Where are they now? Wright has returned to Yorkshire but Catesby and Wintour have not been seen since. Instruct the searchers at the ports to keep a lookout for Catesby and his cousin. Have them closely watched. If they're trying to join Stanley's exiles in Brussels I want to know about it. Very good. Good day, Madam. What a splendid house. I had not expected anything so... beautiful. Perhaps a little barren. We have you to thank for our bareness, sir. What a wonderful inheritance. I congratulate you on your great good fortune. Get you gone, sir! - Elizabeth. Toad. Good try. The boy's father is not at home? Have you come all this way to put me to interrogation? I ask not as the King's secretary but as a neglectful father. I have a son of my own. William. But I am too much about the King's business and so see little of my boy. To my great regret. You have it right, sir. You are too much about the King's business. I am merely the servant of the state. I was apprenticed to this trade by my father. It is a trade that deals in darkness. Well, I cannot deny it. Has your cousin Robert travelled out of the Kingdom? It seems you have come to interrogate. Your cousin, it seems, is set on a very perilous course. But he may still be turned back. Help me to save him before it is too late. Tell me where he is. I try to see the good in men, sir. For that is the Lord's teaching and my poor understanding of it that we all have goodness in our hearts before evil and darkness. But you, sir... You have racked and tortured. You have hunted and struck down and led the condemned to the block and to the stake. Your trade has become your life, sir. Both are conducted in darkness. That was truly delicious. May I trouble you for more? Ready my horse. - My Lord? Ready my horse. Yes, My Lord. When does your father return from Brussels? My father is not in Brussels. I think you are wrong, young man. I know he is in Brussels. No, sir. My father is in Spain. That man is a devil. Catesby is in Spain. The cubs go to suckle at their mother's teat. Why have you brought us here? His Excellency the Constable directed me to bring you here so that you might see with your own eyes... the pain Spain goes to protect the True Faith. - Who is she? - A Jew. Those who do not confess die by fire. Will Spain help us, yes or no? Spain cannot support your design. Spain would have a Protestant king on the throne? Spain would have a king who would negotiate. Twenty years is a long time to be at war. Have faith in Spain, gentlemen. She will protect you as she protects, by these means the faithful in her own land. No, we erred to come here. Foreign princes will never provide the remedy we seek. We must instead rouse our fellow Englishmen. The remedy is close. It is here. In our hearts. - Aye. Just as it lives on in the hearts of the exiles in Flanders. Come, we have work to do. From Don Juan Fernandez de Velasco. Constable of Castille. To Charles de Ligne presently residing in London. The searchers at Dover intercepted it this morning. Make haste, Master Alford. Break the Constable's cipher. Let us hear what the Spanish want for their treaty. This way. We are near. No, no. Who's this? This is not Stanley. I said I would speak to Sir William Stanley and no other. Stanley is here. I see in the son the father I once knew. Tom Wintour, my cousin. A lawyer I'm told. - Aye. Though not versed in argument well enough to turn our friends in Madrid to our purpose. And what is your purpose? Speak freely. Fawkes here is my trusted confederate. We mean to lead the Catholics of England out of their oppression. How? By what means? If you help us raise an army for the rebellion all that I need can be found freely in London. It is there in abundant. Gunpowder. Wintour you trust? With my life. We'll need more men for this venture. There are others. Equal to Wintour, known to me personally by family and kin. Find them. And swear them to your cause. I will. Fawkes is a man with excellent knowledge of engineering and fortification. I do not know what to make of him. The man says nothing. Well, that's his great strength. You'll find him well-fitted to your purpose. If you say he is fitted, then I will have him. It will not be easy, Robin. Cecil's espios are everywhere. They must not discover your design or that I am gathering men to invade England in your wake. The sooner you strike the more chance of success. I am ready to return to England. My Lord, we have deciphered the Spanish letter. Thank you, Master Alford. I am most grateful. Most grateful. They will in no wise be soothed out but rather disturbed and the end you achieve will be the opposite of that you intend. Papists burst out of the dark corners of the land infecting the godly. I know you have a misguided sympathy for their plight My Lord Northumberland but we promised laws against them. We must now deliver on that promise or will we be utterly destroyed. No. If we enforce these laws then the Spanish will break off their negotiation. The negotiations must be brought to a good pass. War has emptied the treasury. Our Kingdom demands peace. I, the King, demand peace. As Your Majesty knows better than we do God demands true religion. Fortunately, My Lords, we can have both. Both peace and true religion. Spain does not like these laws, nor their enforcement but she will sign the treaty nonetheless. You cannot know this. It is my business to know it, My Lord. Spain will put commerce and self-interest before any imagined duty to the Papists of England. Then I shall have my laws against the Catholics as well. But you had best be right, My Lord. Have you read the King's proclamation? 'Let there no doubt I have never at any time entertained intention of tolerating their utterly abhorrent, wicked and detestable religion. The King's own words. The Parliament intends to make us capital enemies of the state. We are dogs to be beaten, boars to be hunted. We must pray that God pours His love and understanding into the hearts of those in Parliament who are against us. You... You... You sit there in comfort. Secreted away from Cecil and his espios. You... you read your books, you drink your wine. You do not lack for meat. But I say that you have forgotten that outside these walls your flock suffers, Father Garnet. Spain has vowed to protect us. They will not allow these laws to pass. I saw it... when poor Father Smith was brought to his Calvary. I saw it in your eyes then and I see it now. You are a coward. I am not afraid to defend our faith with a strong arm. Catesby has it aright. I will stand with him. You are no coward. But here I hide. With the priests all fastened for my own purposes so that I may survive while others do not. You are the flame around which the faithful gather. That flame must be kept burning. I do not have your steadfast heart, Anne. No, you do. And my heart is nothing like as steadfast as you would believe. You have a strong heart. I know it. It is sometimes strong. Sometimes weak. It beats as a woman's heart beats. Your Majesty Don Juan Fernéndez de Velasco Duke of Frías and Constable of Castille. Your Majesty. By this presence I'm authorised by His Catholic Majesty Felipe Ill of Spain and Portugal to negotiate the treaty between our two countries. You are welcome, sir. It is my earnest hope that our work may be speedily concluded. Sir, His Catholic Majesty is grievously disturbed by laws lately proposed in your Parliament for the suppression of the faithful. The good and wholesome laws made in this Kingdom are not the concern of foreign princes. My master is the protector of the Catholics of England. If the threat be not removed within five days my orders are to return to Spain. With your permission. You all know me. I am Robert Catesby. I am a loyal son of the One True Church. I will see her restored or I will die in the attempt. I am Thomas Wintour. And I am willing to die for the One True Faith. I am Jack Wright. I place my life to this enterprise. May God bless us. I am Thomas Percy. I will give everything I have... my fortune and my life to see the tyrant gone. I've changed my name as often as I have my coat. Lately I'm called John Johnson. Will you swear, sir, as we have, each of us? God knows I'm His servant. He's heard a thousand times all He needs to hear from me. I have not heard it. I make the same oath as you. And to the same end. You will all have heard of Father Gerard. A more staunch defender of the faith you will not find. He now stands with us. Lord, govern and protect these men in their holy work. We ask this in the name of our one and only Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. - Amen. - Amen. No cause to question the veracity of my sources... You overreached yourself, My Lord Cecil. You are distracting the King! I shall not choose between one course and the other. I say I shall have both the good and necessary laws to keep the Catholics in their place and my treaty with Spain. Though I was promised both. Was I not? Aye, I was promised as much, Master Secretary. Your foolishness has tangled us up. If you have not undone the knot by the time I open the Parliament I will find one who can. The Constable. He seeks to play me. How could I be so deluded? He intended his despatch to be read. To what purpose? For the very purpose he has now achieved. He has discredited me in the eyes of the King who now thinks he can do without me. If I am removed Spain will outwit our negotiators and have terms all to their advantage. Go you privately to the Constable. If I were to be seen with the Constable our enemies would cry treason. Then take pains to ensure you are unseen. Tell the Constable I am desirous of having private conference with him at his earliest convenience. My master will not countenance that the laws against the Papists be put aside. Then the treaty must fail. I say it must not. We both... Spain and England, you and I have need of this treaty. You have in mind some compensation, sir? Your ships, when they venture into our waters are attacked and often destroyed. We would allow your vessels not only free access to the Channel but use of our seaports to refit, shelter and buy provisions. Merchantmen? And... warships. This is something Spain has proposed many times before. We have always been refused. This time, sir, I can ensure it is agreed. However, in return for these articles Spain must renounce her claim to protect the Catholics of England. I understand the King lately has occasion to be displeased with you, My Lord. How may you be certain of these articles? The little game you devised, sir has indeed placed me in a difficult position. But I know the King and will recover the trust that you hoodwinked from him. However, I shall have to bring him something. What do you have in mind? It will have to be generous. Sweet Catherine. I am near you. Very near. He knows? - Aye. Digby. Catesby. You will stand with us? To the end. How many men can you raise? Twenty of my own household. Another fifty working and living on my lands. They are loyal to the True Church and will follow where I lead. My brother Robert has promised us thirty men more. Rookwood, Keyes and Grant. They say they can muster another twenty each. Wright has sworn his brother Kit to our cause also. One Tuesday next, the King his councillors, all the commons and the lords will be utterly obliterated. Our army will march on Coombe Abbey. We will seize the King's daughter, the Princess Elizabeth. We will place the child upon the throne. Northumberland shall be Lord Protector. Northumberland has joined us? Percy is his kinsman and is confident that once we strike the blow Northumberland will take up his sword. And while the Earl leads... England's Catholics will rise up as one man. We will sweep aside this heretic tyranny and restore the England of happier times. How long have you slept in this bed? 'Can Since Christmas last. Who told you you could sleep in here? My grandmother, sir. She had no right. This is the bed in which your mother died. I'm sorry, sir. Please forgive me. Forgive me? Forgive me? Forgive me, Robert. I have not been the man I should have been. I have not been the father you deserve. 'Can I have not known how. For my absence. For not binding myself to you with all my strength or loving you with a heart that's full and open as your own can you forgive me? You have so much of your mother in you. She would have taught me how to hold you. How to protect you. That is all I have ever wanted. To see you safe and happy to see you prosper. All that I do... and all that I am... the good and the bad... all is to that end. Remember this in days to come. Promise me. I do promise, Father. This chamber is very ill-favoured. Ill-favoured, indeed. Thus perfectly well-fitted for those who gather here. For they are a disorderly and unseemly lot the Parliament men. And the things that they say about me... No king anywhere has to suffer such disrespect. If they should dare speak insolently of you I shall not be able to sit still. Do not worry, Philip. Here... on Tuesday... you will see how a king governs. You will see the Parliament men and the dukes and the earls and the lords lower their faces before me. They bow to me. There is clear passage to the river for transportation of goods? Aye, by the Parliament stairs. My servant, John Johnson. I shall take it. I'm afraid that's still not possible, sir. I've already agreed the lease of it. Break it. I shall £4 for the lease. My husband's brother, he's a coal merchant and has the most urgent need of it... I say I shall take it, Mistress Whinniard on behalf of my patron, the Earl of Northumberland. £4 for the lease and to compensate your inconvenience... another ten shillings. With numerous reports from Kent of unlawful gatherings of Papists. My Lord, I have someone you will want to see. They ascended the stairs to the private rooms. They had their hats pulled low around the faces but I recognised three of their number. Who did you see. My Lord, I did see Robert Catesby Thomas Wintour and Jack Wright. Did you hear anything of their conference? Very little, sir. They went to their room as soon as they entered. They are still there? - As last I saw. I came straight to Sir William Wade. I was promised payment! Pay him half rate. Bring me Catesby, Sir William. Northumberland. Is he with us? The Earl is a cautious man but I know my kinsman. Once the deed is done he will step forward to lead our cause. And the powder? - We shall need 3,000 pound. 4,000. To be sure. To be transported by tunnel? That'll take too long. Even with a dozen experienced miners. With his company. Percy, Jack. Seek you out the gunpowder merchant. You have all you need, Father? I have laid my head on harder ground than this. Tell him to be ready to muster his tenants and servants. Seize them! Go! Run, Father! Run! Thomas! Get him out of here! Spread out and find him! Oi! Stop right there! I do not fear you. You will learn to fear me. Strangers. Quick, Father. Hide. Anne! Anne! Anne! Anne, are you there? Anne! Cousin! Cousin! It's Robin. Whatever your design, Robin, it is finished. It is in no ways finished. Join us. You have authority with the faithful. Lend it to us. I will have no part in what you contrive. And I will know nothing more of it. I wish to confess. Do not deny me... the sacrament that is my right. In the name of the Father, the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. - Amen. Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. What sins have you committed, my son? I have plotted murder. The murder of the King. - I will hear no more. This is my confession. The King... his son, the Prince... his wife, the Queen... his councillors and his Parliament I will blow them all to Hell! Enough! I see pride in you. Do you repent? - No. Then there can be no absolution. Anne, you cannot be here. You must leave, now. Do you hate me so, Robin that you would endanger me thus? No. Truly, I love you. Stand with us. I will not put my name to murder. You damn him, cousin, with your secrets. You damn us all. We are already damned. The time has come for us to act. Cecil has been to your house, Robin. He waits for you to stumble. And when you do, he will take young Robert into his power. And with your son, your house, your lands and all that you have you play into his hands like a silly, selfish child. His anger will bring a storm upon us all. I fear... that when my time comes I will not have the strength to endure as Father Daniel did. Nothing is certain. God alone knows our fate. This is certain. This end... it lies in wait for me. Gerard is apprehended. - What? They've taken him to the Tower. - No. Come. You will break. And speak. All men do. You Romish prayers will not help you. Your body is being drawn apart. As your hands reach for Heaven so your feet are dragged to Hell. One word and it ends. Where is Robert Catesby? Tell me where I may find him and I will see you leave here a free man. 'Can 'can I live in God's grace and love. I am already a free man. Where is Catesby? How long before he may be questioned anew? Within maybe two to three hours, My Lord. Two. Not three. I depend upon you, Sir William. Take him back to his cell. Then go. Be back within the hour. Thank you. Do I know you? You do not. What has the priest told you? Naught. Come. Eat. Eat. Open it. Catesby... Can you walk? We have to get to the river. Fetch the priest. My Lord. Get up! The priest has fled! The priest escaped! Escaped! The priest has escaped! There's been an escape from the cells. Get him! No. Find them! This way! Get down there, Father. Come on, Robin. Come on. Tom, Jack. Over here. Move, move! Hurry, Robin. Hurry, Robin! Get in! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 