Beat Bobby Flay: Season 13, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s13e9 - Episode dated 14 September 2017 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 13, Episode 9 - Episode dated 14 September 2017 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. Bobby, you got some competition, bro. You're going down, son. I'd rather go down  in flames. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. This is crazy!  This is crazy! You're in  so much trouble! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. Yeah! Round 2 --  I go head-to-head with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. -You should be nervous, bro.  -What am I doing? This is  getting exciting! Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. All right, guys,  tonight, I'm all-in. I need to know  if you're with me. I would like to introduce you  to two tough guys that are all about  getting me beat -- "Cutthroat Kitchen's"  Simon Majumdar 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and actor Steve Schirripa.  -Pow. Hi, big boy. Two of the toughest guys  I know. I always think that  I'm a kind of wise guy, but I had to bring  the real deal along with me. -You were on "The Sopranos..."  -Yeah. But we know underneath  that thick skin that you are a good guy. This is thick skin? I like to eat, you know that. You have own sauce  line now, right? Uncle Steve's tomato sauce --  better than yours maybe. -I'm sure it is.  -Maybe. Maybe, I said.  -Wow. Simon, you're, like, one of the toughest judges ever. "Ever." -This guy is a killer.  -I like it. 'There's a lot of people who are  gonna watch you be embarrassed. Let's get down  do business, Bobby. Our first contender  is no stranger to cooking competitions. From Boston, please welcome the  executive chef Dave Bazirgan. Like at an AC/DC concert. Bobby, our next contender  is known as Mr. Downtown, because he's transformed  Phoenix, Arizona, into the trendy food city  that it is today. Executive chef Stephen Jones. Come on, Stephen. Come on, baby. I'm a little worried for you. -Dave, Stephen, how's it going?  -Great. So what's your goal tonight?  -To beat you. I mean, I got to get through  my friend first, though. Stephen and I worked for the  same company a few years ago, and he's a great friend,  but today, I want to win. So I'm gonna give you each 20 minutes to make an ingredient of my choice  the star of your dish. And that ingredient is  white anchovies. -Ooh.  -Oh, yeah. That's a great ingredient. They have great flavor. You just need to be careful  what you pair with it. The main problem  with white anchovies, it plays second  fiddle most times. So, trying to make that  the star is tricky. These guys behind me, they'll  taste your dishes and decide which one of you  goes up against me in Round 2. It's all about  the white anchovy. -Go, chefs.  -Here we go. I'm an anchovy fan.  Most people don't like them. No, I know. And when I met my wife,  she liked anchovy pizza, I knew I had to marry her. Traditional anchovies  are salt-cured, but white anchovies  are briefly salted before they're packed  in some oil and vinegar. They're definitely milder  in flavor, and they're meatier. You could go lots  of ways, though. You could fry them. Almost like a tempura-style  batter, really crisp. -Hey, chef.  -How you doing? I'm all right.  -How's it going? I am making  a white anchovy grilled Cesar salad  with fried croutons. First, I'm gonna get started  on my Cesar dressing. I put raw garlic, lemon juice, Parmesan cheese, white  anchovy, and olive oil. Hey, Dave, don't buckle on me.  I'm rooting for you, buddy? Thanks, pal. I've been working in kitchens  for 25 years now, trying to get  those best reviews. So competitive cooking seemed  like a natural next step. I've won some serious  cooking competitions, and I am ready  to kick some butt. My goal is to keep beating all  the great chefs of the world. I've been keeping  those knives super sharp and ready for today, Bobby. Better watch out. Stephen's got eggplant  and Calabrian chilies. I like all those ingredients. I hear that Dave is using the  anchovies in a Cesar dressing. I think that it's  just kind of an easy move. You're hiding  the star ingredient. I want to showcase it,  so I am making white anchovy with eggplant caponata. I grab celery, eggplant,  piquillo peppers, and some Calabrian chilies. So what he's doing is  a kind of eggplant caponata, which is like a warm salad,  a Sicilian dish. I'm sure you know that.  Yeah, it tastes fantastic.  Yeah. I grab some shallot,  I grab some garlic, and that's gonna act  like a dressing. Stephen, how are you? Oh, I'm living the dream. I'm living the dream. We got to get you  out of Arizona. You're there with all  the witness-protection people. Come on. Growing up, seeing my parents  cook Southern food, it kind of shaped  my culinary path. Today, I'm executive chef  and owner of four restaurants in downtown Phoenix. the call me Mr. Downtown, and one of  our tag lines is, "Southern food  with a hint of smoke." We try and source  within 75 miles of Phoenix. I'm here to prove that Phoenix  knows how to cook, bringing Phoenix to NYC,  show them how we do it. Chefs, 15 minutes to go. David, there's a Cesar salad  going on here somewhere. A variation, yes. Am I allowed  to have a touch? Yeah. I haven't checked it yet, so... Oh, that's really good. So, you're going to  serve it with these beautiful  Spanish prawns?  Correct. I grilled romaine lettuce  just to give it a little bit of  a charred flavor, and then some  Spanish shrimp. I toss it in  the Cesar dressing. It'll complement the anchovies. Let's remember that  those anchovies have to be the star  of your dish. Yes, sir. So, Stephen, is it harder to compete against a friend? It is. One of us has to lose,  but you know what? I'm very confident. Well, let's see who gets the bragging rights. - Right. Are you gonna get a little bit of heat through there?  Yeah. I cut the lemon in half, squeeze  that on top of the anchovies, and get them marinated  in a little bit of Calabrian chili oil  for some more spice. Chefs, less than 10 minutes. Dave's dish looks like  it's gonna be a delicious dish. But is the shrimp  gonna overpower it? To me, I think  Stephen is showing that ingredient better  in his concept. But if his execution  is poor, then I think Dave  has a really good chance. I'm gonna take a little  peek, see what's going on here. It smells good. I may not come back. How you doing, Stephen?  Think you can beat Bobby? Absolutely. In Phoenix,  we know how to cook. Very confident.  So what do we got? -Fried capers.  -Beautiful. Fried capers --  that's gonna offer me texture, gonna be a little bit  of salinity to them, as well. All right, Dave,  you all right? Can I come in?  -Come on in. Now, why do you  want to beat Bobby? I'm a very competitive person,  and any chance -- Easy. I'm worried about my fingers. Bobby, when he said your name, he started banging the knife. Easy, baby. Easy. Next, I fry some sourdough bread  to make some rustic croutons, just to give it a little bit  of texture in the dish. Less than five minutes, guys. Both dishes smell great. Are they plating already? Uh, yes.  They're very confident. They're either  confident or stupid. I place some of the romaine, drizzle the dressing  right on top, garnish with white anchovy, follow that with  the fried croutons. Hey, Dave,  what's up, bud? You're looking good  over there. Oh, you got  a little salad. -Little salad.  -Nice. I start with  the eggplant caponata, five to six pieces of anchovy, add a few capers  and I just say, "Don't mess it up.  Be done." -You guys both done?  -Yeah. -With a minute to go.  -Oh. I've never seen that in all the shows I've done here. I'm gonna ring the bell, then. -Go for it.  -That's it. If you're gonna be  that confident, your dishes  had better be good. You could've used  the other minute. I utilized the white anchovy,  two different ways. I feel good about what I did. Although there's not a lot  of components in my dish, it's balanced right. So I feel that I won. So, Bobby, I'd be worried  if I was you. Look at the dishes.  You can see. Can you see? It's all gonna come down  to what you did with the anchovies to make them  the star of your dish. Stephen, tell us  what you made. I made a white anchovy  with an eggplant caponata. I think there's  wonderful flavors, and I do love the textures,  using the celery. the eggplant is cooked  perfectly, but the heat, it's  a little too strong, and I think it begins  to overpower the anchovies. If I had it  in a restaurant, I certainly wouldn't  send it back, but what do I send back? Overall, I like the way it tastes. The only problem I had was with the anchovies. There's something that gives me a little aftertaste. All right. So, David,  what did you make? I made a white anchovy grilled  Cesar salad with croutons. First of all, I have to say,  it's a very, very pretty dish. Grilling lettuce brings out  a little sweetness, which I do like. But it does wilt it down  a little bit too far. And I think the shrimp, if you'd  have left them to one side, it would be a better dish. Dave, I liked the flavor  of the anchovies. I really enjoyed it, but the grilled lettuce, it really didn't add  anything. And also, the croutons kind of got soggy in my dish. So Stephen and David  both fell a little bit short with their dishes.  It's a good lesson. Here, you definitely  don't get extra credit for finishing early. The chef that is gonna move forward to beat Bobby Flay is... ...Chef Stephen. s never fun to lose,♪ but today wasn't my day. At least I lost to someone  I'm friends with. Hats off to Stephen. Stephen, you're obviously  a fantastic chef, but you were  overconfident. Don't' want to be finishing  a minute early. Otherwise, you're just  gonna get smashed. I'm betting on you  to beat Bobby Flay. Don't let me down. I'm not gonna  let you down, at all. Stephen, congratulations.  Great job.  Thank you.  I really appreciate it. You took down your boy,  though.  I know, you know,  but, you know -- Is that gonna be okay?  We'll work it out.  I'll buy him a beer later. How are you feeling  about Round 2?  Ready to do this.  Ready? -Ready to get this thing going?  -Let's get it going. All right, so, um, Mr. Downtown, what are we cooking tonight? My signature dish is... hoppin' john. -Ooh.  -Black-eyed peas and rice. All right, I like it.  -Have you made that before? Not for a long time. I think you're a little nervous.  Your knees are shaking, man. All right, give us  the rules, guys. Unfortunately, Simon and I can't  be the judges for this round. For fairness, we're gonna  bring in three industry experts who are gonna do  a blind taste test. You're each gonna have  45 minutes, and your time starts  right now. Make us proud, Steve.  Make us proud. Hoppin' john, traditionally, is  just gonna be bacon or pork fat long-grained rice,  onions, and black-eyed peas. And that's actually  where the name comes from, kind of corruption of the  Haitian word "pois pigeons." Hoppin' john. It's one of those dishes  that you find in lots of different cultures,  originated in Africa. Kind of like  Southern risotto. That's exactly what I would  call it -- Southern risotto. Hey, Steve, how many times have you made this dish? -Thousands of times.  -Thousands of times. Did you hear that, Bobby? Traditionally, hoppin' john  has some kind of meat product in it -- pork, beef. So, I choose to go vegetarian,  because vegetables can be sexy. Immediately, I know I need  to get the beans in the pressure cooker, get some of the vegetable stock  in there and some bay leaves, carrot, yellow onion,  chili flakes. Get a lot of flavor impregnated  into these beans, because often, vegetarian  dishes lack flavor. First thing  that Stephen did, put his beans into  the pressure cooker.  Yes. It's gonna bring out all  the flavors of the carrots and the celery  and the onion. That could tip Stephen  over the fence. But somebody's  bacon smells good. I'm gonna go classic  with a twist. So, I'm using classic  Carolina-style rice and black-eyed peas, but I'm gonna take some bacon, render the fat to cook  my rice and beans. And it's gonna give them  a nice, smoky flavor. And at the end, I'm gonna  put an egg in the middle and let the egg steam. So he's gonna put a lot  of flavor in there. It smells good. Making me hungry now. I've had this dish  four or five times. The rice has to be cooked right.  -Absolutely. Are you gonna use  some of that beautiful Carolina rice,  as well? -Oh, yes, sir.  -I can smell it already. It's actually some of  the best rice in the world. Carolina gold rice,  a really fragrant rice, grown in South Carolina,  as well as Sea Island red peas, grown in the same field. Stephen, am I seeing  the holy trinity there? Yes, you are. If you go down to Louisiana,  you see the holy trinity everywhere --  gumbo, jambalaya. It's a combination of yellow  onion, celery, and bell pepper. It imparts so much flavor, and that's gonna act  as a base for the rice. Want to go in  and have a look? Yeah. Good luck. Hey, guys, less than 30 minutes. Stephen,  use every minute. Oh, I'm going to. For the base, I'm gonna use the holy trinity of poblano peppers, red peppers, onions, and garlic. Then I transfer it to a pot with some long-grain rice  and chicken stock. So, Bobby, what do you think  about this as a challenge? Stephen obviously knows  what he's doing. He's gonna be very tough. There's no question about it. Gonna season that up? Yeah. I'm gonna season it up. I've got my own trinity in here. -Let me guess -- green chilies.  -No. Well, yeah, there's poblanos  there, for sure.  Yeah. That doesn't make you a genius, by the way. I'm gonna go and see  what Stephen's doing, because I'm excited with this, because this is one  of my favorite dishes. You sell a lot of it, don't you?  -I sell a lot of it, yeah. Is this a dish that's really close to your heart? Yeah. This one hits home.  This reminds me of growing up. This reminds me of  my grandmother, to  be honest with you. He's played the grandmother card. -Yes, I heard that.  -Oh. -He has to win.  -I got to play the granny card. Once you drop the G-bomb, there's no going back. What are you using  for your protein in this? You know what? No protein.  All vegetarian. -Vegetarian?  -Yep. Bobby's known as a meat guy. This is definitely  gonna trip him up. So, where are you gonna get all those flavors? Although, is that from that holy trinity -- the aromatics?  -Yep. All the aromatics cooked  at the right time, added at the right time. Very untraditional. You know, vegetables  are sexy, too. Some vegetables are sexy. He's not using  any protein at all? Nope.  Changing it up. Making it tough on you.  -I like that. Hey, Simon, we bet  on the right guy to beat Bobby Flay's bacon. Right? 24 minutes to go, chefs. I've made hoppin' john  a thousand times. I can do this in my sleep,  arms tied behind my back. Stephen, you're laying  that rice out on a sheet pan. Is that par-cooked? Yeah, three-quarters  of the way cooked, and I'm gonna dry it  out in the oven. Well, that way, he's got to make sure it's not mushy. And also, that each grain  is separate, so then it's coated  in the seasonings rather than being a clump. Yes, but I'm a little nervous. Stephen doesn't need  the bacon. That frightens me a bit,  because it's not traditional. It should have  some bacon in it. I saute some bacon to go on top  of the hoppin' john and then I'm gonna throw the black-eyed  peas through some bacon fat. I want to give it  lots of flavor, 'cause, frankly,  the black-eyed peas don't have a lot  of flavor on their own. Bobby, I'm coming. What's up, Steve? What's happening here?  Can I taste this? Yeah. Bacon. -That's good.  -Nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong  with that. So, this is called  hoppin' john. Yeah, it's gonna be a little bit different than the classic, I think.  Yeah, you're doing a twist  to this thing. -Doing a little twist, yeah.  -Now, these are regular eggs, quail eggs?  What are they? They're just --  They're just eggs. Chicken eggs? Yeah, the eggs  are coming in later. Next I get started  on some mustard greens. I just wanted a little  spice in this and a little bit  of brightness. I saute it in a little butter  and a little bit of honey, because honey and mustard  go hand in hand. Never saw that before. -Can I take this back to Simon?  -No, no, no, no, no, no. Bring me one piece.  He wants some.  Look at him. Let me give him a little.  I'll bring it back. Come on. I know how many pieces  are there. -Thank you.  -It's good. Come on. Why don't you have a little? Come on. You need energy, man. Come on. It won't kill ya.  Come on. All right. You're very generous with my meat surplus. Come on. All right,  I'm gonna go see Stephen. See you later. What's up, man? I got to tell you, Simon's a little nervous that you have no bacon  or protein in here. Don't worry, Simon.  We're good. He's all right, Simon.  Don't worry. Don't want you losing your hair or nothing. You are confident  as confident can be. Yes, I am. I'm going home a winner with some vegetables. Whatever you do,  don't let us down. Gotcha. I'm bringing it home.  -All right. He's bringing it home,  Simon. -I hope so.  -Bringing it home. We're gonna beat Bobby Flay.  -Ha. This is always  the fun part. So, I opened the pressure cooker  and I get in there and taste them,  and the beans are perfect. Hot damn. What kind of texture  are you looking for for the peas  in your hoppin' john? Not mushy. The good man upstairs  gave us teeth, so we need to use them,  right? Now it's time to get  the beans in the pan with those flavors  of the holy trinity. Coming up on 10 minutes. So, another one of  the tricks the way I modernize the dish is that we take the rice  and we crisp it up. I want to add a little bit of,  like, a spice kick -- Old Bay, cayenne mixture -- let it crisp up  and do its thing. Okay. I'm gonna go in  and have a look. Bobby, there's kind of  an odd vibe going on today, and I'm not really sure  what Steve has planned, but I found this  in his dressing room. So, Bobby, tell me  what you're doing. I got my rice done,  I got some mustard greens I'm gonna put in here,  as well, a little... -Mustard greens.  -...a little spiciness. I take the rice, combine it with the beans  and the mustard greens. Is it meant to be  that mushy? -Oh.  -Don't worry. You'll be taking this  to go later. -Oh, really?  -Coming on six minutes, guys. So now you're frying  up the rice. Is that, again, is this a texture thing? You're gonna get some crunch, like -- Mm-hmm.  There it is. You get the rice  really crispy on the bottom. You know, it imparts texture  and, again, flavor. That's smart. Yeah, I have to say,  Bobby, we've got some crispy goodness  going on over here. Don't worry  about a thing, kid. How much time?  -Less than three minutes, guys. Basically, what this  is gonna come down to is a classic  hoppin' john on Stephen's side, even though  it's a vegetarian one, and on Bobby's,  what basically appears to be a bacon-and-egg paella. and on Bobby's,  's not paella. appears to be So I scoop out the hoppin'  johns into the paella pans, then I add an egg right on top  and pop them right in the oven. Eggs on top of this? What do you think?  -I'd eat it. Less than a minute. Plate it up,  and I start garnishing, finish with a little bit  of micro greens for a little bit of sweetness  and bright acidity. The egg is now cooked  exactly the way I want it to, I add some hot sauce,  some bacon, and some scallions. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4... 3, 2, 1. We got in, we got out,  nobody got hurt. It was a good day. I feel confident. I do hope this no-meat thing  isn't my downfall. I would hate to lose  for that particular reason. It's hoppin' johns brunch-style. I hope the egg works  with the dish, and I'm gonna get dinged  a little bit for authenticity, but, hopefully,  not too much. Bobby, Stephen,  great competition. It's time to meet  your judges. The CEO and founder of Starr  Restaurants, Stephen Starr. The co-owner of Red Hook  Lobster Pound, Susan Povich. And the Executive Chef of Blue  Smoke, Jean-Paul Bourgeois. Judges, today's dish  was hoppin' john. Please start with the first dish  in front of you. The rice was cooked perfectly. Loved the little,  crispy texture in there. It was a little oily for me,  I would have to say. But, ultimately,  it was really nicely done. I enjoyed the dish. The crispy rice  just warmed my heart. I thought the peas  were cooked excellently. I do think it was a little bit  on the high side for heat, but otherwise, I would just  shovel up the whole bowl. So many chefs can't pull off  vegetarian dishes, and I'm amazed at the flavor and craveability this had. So, it felt new and different, and I truly, truly liked it. All right, judges.  Let's switch those plates over. When you mix that egg in,  it was a really nice texture with the rice  and the peas. I do, however, think it was  a little underseasoned, and I was hoping for a little bit more crispiness in the rice. Well, the bacon and the egg  really made this dish for me. The greens sort of played off  the richness of the egg, and the rice itself  was well cooked. I had just wished that there  was a little bit more crispiness  on the bottom. Nobody's gonna turn down  bacon and eggs. It was delicious.  Very, very tasty. The bacon was the star. The rice was  sort of secondary. You know, both these dishes are very, very good. We're gonna have a tough time with this one. Everyone loves bacon, and everyone loves  a slow-cooked egg, so I'm really,  really worried about that. If I lose this, I'm gonna have  to hide from my friends, 'cause they're all gonna just,  you know, ride me on it. The judges have voted and we have a winner. And that winner is... Chef Stephen Jones. Good job. -We did it, right?  -We did it. Good job. Bobby, you lost, bud.  Mr. Downtown got you. I showed that Phoenix  knows how to cook. First of all, congratulations.  Amazing dish. It smelled good over there  the entire time. But I think this is  the first time ever that one of the co-hosts actually threatened the judges. Don't be a baby, Bobby. Come on.  He beat you. Bye, Bobby. Bobby.  -Bye, Bobby. My guy beat you,  like I said. I think Bobby  was intimidated by having two tough guys  in front of him. Two tough guys? I'm Stephen Jones,  and I just beat Bobby Flay!  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 