Beat Bobby Flay: Season 10, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s10e9 - Thanks But No Thanksgiving - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 10, Episode 9 - Thanks But No Thanksgiving - full transcript 
 Martha Stewart joins Chopped (2007) judge Scott Conant for a Thanksgiving challenge; Moroccan-born Omar Zerrei and former Iron Chef America sous chef Ed Cotton take on Bobby Flay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. I wanna beat you, Bobby. I wanna send you  into retirement. What?  -Audience: Ooh. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. I gotta go through  two old guys today. Whoa-oa!  -Take it easy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. -Yeah!  -Round 2 -- I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. I wanna take you down. -Something's burning.  -Oh. You should be  nervous, bro. What is wrong with you?! Don't call it a comeback.  -Audience: Ohhh! Everyone's out to beat me.  Let's get it on. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. I'm very thankful  you're all here. Let's get  the festivities started. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Joining me tonight is Chef Scott Conant and a woman who needs  no introduction: Martha Stewart. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. -Happy Thanksgiving.  -We have a turkey, right? Martha, so good  to see you here. It is very fun  to be here. Scott is a veteran of "Beat Bobby Flay." It's really  his second job. I need all the help I can get. I trust in Martha. We all trust in Martha.  -Yes. Exactly. You give us knowledge without even trying. Agreed.  -Thanksgiving is what  we're celebrating today. I love Thanksgiving.  I raise my own turkeys. Of course you do. Shockingly, I don't. You have to feed your turkeys  a cup of vodka each before It relaxes all their muscles. Wouldn't you rather be relaxed,  if you were gonna have your head chopped off?  -Absolutely. Maybe you should  have a vodka now. I can tell this is gonna be a tough Thanksgiving for me, so why don't we get  this thing started? Excellent.  -Giddy-up. From New York, please welcome  executive chef Ed Cotton. Our next contender is  a master of Moroccan flavors. Please welcome  Chef Omar Zerrei. Scott and Martha  can't think of a better way to celebrate Thanksgiving than by having  one of you guys beat me. Unfortunately, only one of you will get that opportunity  tonight 'cause first you must go through each other.  -Audience: Ooh. You'll have 20 minutes  to make one ingredient the star of your dish  and that ingredient is a Thanksgiving favorite:  butternut squash. Audience: Ooh. I love workin'  with butternut squash. It's very versatile. It's not something  that we have in Morocco, but it's something  that I've grown to love. You have 20 minutes  on the clock. Ready? Go. I would do  a little lasagna. Squash is the noodle?  -The squash is the noodle. - I love puréed...something. - Yeah. You could always make  an amazing soup. Butternut squash is obviously  a very Thanksgiving ingredient. You have to break it down in  a way that it can cook quickly. You know, butternut squash  is a fruit -I did not know that.  -because of the seeds inside, just like cucumbers. They're so flavorful  and they're not so fibrous. I love hanging out  with Martha Stewart. I'm tellin' you,  it's a life lesson. Can we get a bottle of  champagne and just kick it? I'm makin' roasted-  butternut-squash soup with cinnamon-spiced cranberries  and whipped cream. I'm gonna start workin'  on the base of the soup. Butternut squash, carrots,  onions, celery; and chicken stock  is gonna give it body. Audience: Whoo!  -So Ed has cranberries, red wine.  -Oh. So he's keeping with the  Thanksgiving theme, it sounds. I boil dried cranberries  in red wine and let them steep. -How you doin', Ed?  -Feelin' pretty good. I grew up in the kitchen.  My dad ran a restaurant. After culinary school,  I cut my teeth with Cat Cora on "Iron Chef America,"  as her sous chef. Ed, quit cuttin' that little  cheese and get over here and give me some help.  -Beating these great chefs was some of the most fun  I've ever had. Now, I'm not here with Cat,  but I've got serious skills. So head for the hills, Bobby, because I definitely know  my way around a kitchen. I plan on adding  Moroccan spices to the sweetness of the squash. I'm makin' a butternut-squash  shermula breakfast hash with some eggs. Last night, I had Moroccan food at the Moroccan  ambassador's house. Delicious. I guess we weren't  invited, Bobby. I was born in Casablanca  and I was raised in New York City. I started a Moroccan  catering company. Morocco has some of  the best food in the world and I'm very lucky that I get  to share it with you all. I work 7 days a week,  18-hour days, and I'm here to represent myself and my country  and my traditions. So, Bobby, bring all  those Southwest spices, 'cause I got spices  in Morocco, too. It's gonna be a great faceoff. Chefs, you have 16 minutes. Whaddya got?  -Cranberries, steeped in red wine. Enchanté. Oh, my. I like when you  speak French to me. Oui. I add cinnamon stick  to my cranberry mixture for the Thanksgivingy flavor. -Good luck, Chef.  -Thank you. How are you, Chef? What are these spices? So this is the base  for like a classic shermula. This is like  a Moroccan chimichurri. -Mmm.  -I have garlic, cilantro, paprika. It's a concentration  of Moroccan flavors. Got a little love  for these guys? What's goin' on?  -So Ed is making a soup. He has some cranberries  cooking in a spiced red wine. He's sticking  with real autumnal spices. Omar has butternut-  squash hash. And then he's gonna  put some eggs on top. Really? So I wanna make a whipped cream to melt its way  into the hot soup. -You makin' us a cake?  -You don't want a cake from me. I feel the same way. I grab some cream  and cinnamon. I'm just goin' for a light whip. I want to give the butternut  squash the rough chop because perfecting tiny cubes  is such a waste of time. I add red onion for crispiness, put in lemon and cilantro. I'm dyin' to see  what they're doing. Omar, I wanna taste that. This is the start  of a collaboration cookbook comin' out pretty soon,  "Omar and Martha." I think it's gonna be called  "Omartha" or something. Anytime.  Anytime. Omartha. I'm missing that natural butternut-squash color  to my soup, so I add turmeric. I love butternut-squash soup.  -So do I. You don't have to talk,  if you don't want to. I would love to talk to you. When do you get a chance to talk  to Martha Stewart? I'd help you, if I could. I can't. Only 5 minutes left. I'm feelin' the pressure and I need to get my mixture  right into the blender. Omar, he's making just like pan roast  of big cubes of squash. Those pieces of squash  are so large, I don't know if they'll  cook all the way through. Chef Ed, his soup looks  like a finished dish. -Yeah.  -His looks more like really good home-cooking.  -Got it. - 1 minute and 40 seconds. - Let's go. A little panic sets in  'cause my eggs are not cooked, so I start breaking  some eggs. My soup is blended, so I'm passing it through  a chinois to get it smooth. Now I wanna add  the whipped cream. I look over.  It's just like butter. I overwhipped it.  -Audience: Ohhh! I can't serve this. 45 seconds! Ay ay ay. Get it on the plate,  chefs. Audience:  Let's go, Omar! The crowd is giving me that  extra boost to get this plated. I ladle the soup into the bowl and then I need to garnish it  with my cranberry mixture. 15 seconds, chefs. 10,  -ALL: 9, 8, 7, 6, 5 --  I grab some shermula with my hands and I start  throwing it onto the plates. 2, 1. Time's up.  I really hope this soup is just enough to get me  to the next round. I have no time  to tidy up the plates. But the squash looks charred. I'm pretty happy. Whoo! Chefs, your job today is to beat Bobby Flay. What it's gonna all  boil down to is what you did with  the butternut squash to make it  the star of your dish. Chef Ed, could you please describe the soup  I have in front of me. It's a roasted-  butternut-squash soup with cinnamon-spiced  cranberries. It really is a beautiful, straightforward,  butternut-squash flavor. I especially like the little  swirl of the red wine that's cooked with the cinnamon  and the cranberries. But the cream you had  would've been really welcome here.  -Sure. The texture  of the soup is excellent. But the color,  it's a little less bright than I would've preferred  for a holiday soup. But the cranberries  are a nice touch. I would be very happy  if you served this in any restaurant, really. Thank you. Omar, could you  please describe the dish that I have  in front of me? The dish is butternut-squash  shermula breakfast hash. I love the flavors  you have in here. I love the egg. But the spice overwhelms the rest of the dish.  -Okay. The butternut squash, they're  big pieces, little pieces. The big pieces are really hard,  and hard to enjoy. But the egg is delicious -Yeah. -and I could eat the whole bowl. So we'll take  a moment to discuss. Omar rushed  the butternut squash, but Ed left out  some components entirely, so this is anyone's game. And the chef who'll be  moving on is... Chef Ed. -Great job.  -Thanks, Bobby. I don't think  there's a loser here. You either win or you learn.  Thank you, guys. I got plenty out of it that I can look forward to  and move forward. Ed, that texture  was just sexy. This dish shows that you are  a contender to beat Bobby. All right. All right, Ed.  Congratulations. What's your signature  dish tonight? Well, I love Thanksgiving. I like transforming  turkey leftovers into... turkey cacciatore. Audience: Oo-oo-ooh! It's an oldschool Italian dish.  You got this recipe for me? -I got it in my back pocket.  -I'm sure you do. To keep things fair, Scott and I will not be  the judges for this round. We have three experts that are gonna do  a blind taste test. The clock starts now. We want a win. That is a roasted turkey. Cacciatore is traditionally  a stew with poultry and tomato sauce, peppers,  onions, over rice or noodles. The cacciatore, in Italian  is the hunter, right? That's right.  The hunter brings home the bird and you make the stew. -It's a very rustic dish.  -Yeah. So I made chicken  cacciatore once, but I've never  made turkey cacciatore. Basically the same  techniques apply. We're gonna used  precooked turkey today because it's impossible  to cook turkey in 45 minutes. So I'm gonna make  a turkey cacciatore with a tomato and red-wine broth  on top of egg noodles. Bobby's flingin' around  that bird. Like he's a UFC fighter.  Look at that. One difference between  turkey and chicken is that turkey  has almost no fat in it, so it tends to dry out,  especially for leftovers. I'm gonna cover the meat  in chicken stock, just to bring it back to life. I'm gonna put it in the oven  for a few minutes. My signature dish  is classic turkey cacciatore with traditional tomato sauce,  creamy mascarpone polenta, and some fresh baby arugula. Ed, what are you using  for turkey over there? We're gonna stuff the wings. Audience: Ooh! One twist that makes my turkey  cacciatore really stand out is when's the last time  you ever had a fried turkey wing stuffed  with Italian sausage? It's impressive that  he's stuffing those wings. It'll be a great  presentation piece. Yeah. Pretty. Traditionally, cacciatore  is served with a starch. I'm doin' a creamy  mascarpone polenta. Adding milk and mascarpone  cheese to make it creamier. Oh, what a nice base  for the cacciatore. Audience: Whoo! Thank you. Time to get started on my sauce. So I take shallots, garlic, red and yellow  and poblano peppers, and then I add lots  of red wine and tomato. It's smelling really good. So, Ed, these are the ones  you're gonna stuff? -Yep.  -Oh. -Right now, actually.  -Okay. So you have 30 minutes. You can do that all right?  -I hope so. Turkey is a little bit  tougher than chicken. Yeah. So we're just gonna  pull the bone out. It is tough, isn't it? Are you gonna do one  of those per plate, Ed? I'm gonna attempt to. Scott and Martha  are talking to me and I'm wrestlin'  with these things, tryin' everything to really  get a hold of these bones. No pressure.  -There we go. -Okay.  -So we're gonna stuff these. Ahh, lovely. Okay.  -So I'll leave you. 45 minutes goes by very,  very quickly. -Hi, Martha.  -Hi, so, I saw you tearing those turkeys apart. Yeah. I'm gonna start  takin' these pieces off and put it into  my braising liquid. Lots of red wine.  What do you think? Smelling good,  looking good. Martha, don't give him  too many compliments. Give him a hard time  a little bit. Here. This is for you.  It's the oyster. That's the best part.  -You tryin' to bribe me? Of course. That is a really  good piece of turkey. Martha gets whatever she wants. Here you go. You can  take it back with you. -Okay.  -Scott, he's gonna have to fend for himself. Lookin' good, Ed. Thank you. I can't wait  to taste it. On Thanksgiving,  I do three or four turkeys. I have like 45 people come.  -Oh, my goodness. And I let the guests  take home all the leftovers. What time shall I be by? -Bobby's is simpler. -He's adding all that dark meat. That looks great. I'm just a little worried  about Ed's timing because he didn't manage it  so well, the first round, and I just hope the wings  get cooked fast enough. I'm wrestlin'  with these turkey wings, just constantly  looking at the clock. I'm not sure if I'm gonna  get it on the plate. Ed, don't forget  about your polenta and stir that stuff,  brother. Yes, sir! Do we get to taste both, even though we're not judges?  -No. We don't get to taste, after all this?  -I know. That's what I say.  I agree. Martha's upset  she's not tasting. I want a taste. Under 25 minutes,  chefs. When you take these bones  out of the wing, you have to have a perfect  stuffing cavity for it, or else it's not gonna work. The turkey wings  are lookin' fantastic. I just take hot Italian  sausage and insert it. And then my frying batter for my turkey wings  is straightforward. It's water  and all-purpose flour. Ooh, he's gonna fry them.  -Fry them, yeah. That's how they get done. You can fry a turkey  wing in no time. After the wings are  in the fryer, I feel amazing. So Ed's back on schedule,  but I'm not worried about him. I'm worried about me.  So I need to move on to the base of my cacciatore,  which is my egg noodles. So I put my noodles in some  boiling water, just to soften, but I wanna finish them with  some butter, some fresh sage. Toss my noodles in there. And then I top  with some Parmesan cheese. For my tomato-sauce base,  I'm using fennel, onions, garlic, bell peppers. That will impart  a really nice flavor. Ed has fennel  on his station. Oh, fennel would be  very nice in it, yeah. I have my leftover  turkey thighs. I add those to the pot. Castelvetrano olives will add  a salty element. Everything just comes together  and I throw it all in the oven. Guys, who's rooting  for Ed over here? Who's rooting  for Bobby? So I have all my elements going.  The sauce is cooking. The turkey's braising. I'm not really worried  about the clock. I feel like  I have everything going, but when I taste the sauce,  it's not workin' for me. Bobby, you like what  you're tasting there? All good?  -Not yet. Scott and I really  need a win today. And then we'll come back  and just beat him every time after that. Then it won't be a show.  -But it'll be us. It'll be less about him. Let's just go try  to distract him. Whoo! Bobby, we're gonna  come hang out with you, if that's all right.  -Wait. - You wanna see the cacciatore? - Yeah. My only question is:  is it too much red-wine flavor? Oh, wow. Look at that. I'm gonna go with a headier  sort of cacciatore. I mean, there's some  tomato in there. A lot of red wine.  -It's a variation. Good luck with that.  -11 minutes. Thanks. Traditionally, a cacciatore  is more of a tomato-based sauce with some wine in it,  as opposed to the opposite, so I need to get  that balanced better. I check out my turkey thighs. I'm really happy,  where they're at. Taking it off the bone for serving it will be  a lot easier to eat. We're makin' ourselves  at home over here. That's fine. So I'm gonna fold this meat  back into the sauce. So you're dipping  your rubber-clad fingers in ice water, so that you  can handle it, right? Well done.  -That's a good hint. -Shocking my hands.  -Yeah. That is much more of  a traditional cacciatore. That's beautiful, Chef. So Bobby, this is lookin'  really good over here. -Is it?  -Yeah. You know, if you have a minute, you might wanna come over and get  some tips, Bobby. Oh.  -Audience: Ooh! This is delicious. Ed's more classic in  his approach to the cacciatore. I like what Ed's doing, making a very rustic dish  with the polenta. I wanna munch on one  of those fried turkey wings. Me too. You can never sleep  on Bobby, though. Everything looks  clean and bright. Mm-hmm.  I hate to say this, but I kinda like what  Bobby did with the turkey, havin' a little bit more  of a red-wine reduction, as opposed to that  deep tomato sauce. Yeah. 3 minutes. I'm adding some  green Sicilian olives and some Nicoise olives  as well, the black ones. They have like  a fruity flavor to them. Ed is frying some wings  for some texture, which is a really great idea. It inspires me  to fry something myself. Audience: Whoo! But I'm gonna use  Brussels sprouts. He has fried Brussels sprouts.  -That's a smart move. It's the texture. It's time to plate. In my dish, I have  the creamy polenta, the braised turkey-thigh ragu,  the crispy turkey wing. Is this the dish, Ed?  You gonna take him out? I believe so.  -All right. Oh, I hope so. I put thg lewith the  sage on one side of the plate. Then I start plating the turkey  with all of its sauce. Time?  -34 seconds. Then I put the crispy Brussels  sprouts on top of the egg noodles. Audience: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6 -- -My garnish is arugula  -5, 4, 3,  -for that nice pepper flavor. 2, 1. Good job, man. Beautiful. I feel good about what I have. I don't even wanna look  at Bobby's dish. I don't wanna disappoint myself. Ed's dish is really nice. My dish tastes a little more  French than it does Italian. I don't know  what's gonna happen. Ed, Bobby, it's time to meet your judges. First up, chef  and author Madison Cowan. The executive chef and owner  of Barbuzzo, Marcie Turney. And the chef/owner of Comodo,  Felipe Donnelly. In the spirit of Thanksgiving, today's challenge was  turkey cacciatore. Please taste  the first dish. This was the most  beautifully presented leftover dish I've ever seen. Balancing the tomato base  with the mascarpone really made this  an incredible dish. I love the idea  of stuffing the wing. But it could have used  a little bit more sausage. Yeah.  I would agree with Felipe. It's a great idea,  but if you're gonna do it, let's go big with it. But I love the polenta. It plays on the texture  with the wing. But the arugula on top  wasn't needed. I would've maybe just wanted  some fresh herbs in there. This is just good cooking.  The sauce is lovely. It's got the brininess  of the olives. And this wing,  it's crispy on the outside, while moist, with that nice  spicy sausage in the middle. Top shelf. So, judges, if you could  switch your plates. It's a lovely,  homey type of dish. The noodles are  prepared expertly. I love the Brussels,  nice, crispy. The meal is very well-cooked. I love the use of sage, the way that it's incorporated  into the pasta. But it was a tad bit overdone  with the acid into the sauce. There's a lot  of red wine in there, so it's hard, trying  to get all the flavors when you have that acidity  in your mouth. But I like the  Castelvetrano olives. Was as though you're digging,  and you keep finding all these exciting elements. Bit too much acidity, but if something  is good, it's good. End of the day, you've got two different approaches altogether. I did make a mistake  with my sauce. But I don't think Ed's dish came  out exactly the way he wanted. I think the dishes  are really strong, but there can  only be one winner. And the winner is... Chef Ed Cotton. Yes! Thank you. I finally won something. Finally. It's a wonderful thing  to be thankful for that we Great job. beat Bobby Flay! Happy Thanksgiving. Sorry, Bobby. All right. I'm very proud  of what I did today. I learned that I still got it.  I never lost it. I'm Ed Cotton  and I just beat Bobby Flay! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 