Beat Bobby Flay: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s1e3 - Old Dog, New Tricks - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Old Dog, New Tricks - full transcript 
 It's an East Coast battle as New Yorker Brian Tsao and Maryland's Adam Harvey duke it out. Alex Guarnaschelli and Anne Burrell try to whip these contenders into shape as only one will get the opportunity to Beat Bobby Flay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down  in my house. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. To get to me, first, two contenders  have to go through each other, using an ingredient  of my choice. Are you ready?! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. Don't let us down, guys! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. I didn't see that coming. I didn't either. Bottom line...  Ring his bell. ...everyone's out to beat me. All right, you guys. Who's ready  for a battle tonight? So, here to decide who  I'm going up against tonight... ...are Chef Anne Burrell  and Chef Alex Guarnaschelli. You guys look like you're in a good mood. We're in  a really good mood. Why's that? Any day I come  to see you get beaten, to me, is a good day. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A lot of you guys know that Chef Anne Burrell and I compete on "Worst Cooks in America." Of course,  Alex Guarnaschelli, that tough judge  on "Chopped." I'm really excited  to see somebody come in here and completely  annihilate you. And I get to pick that person. All right, take it easy.  Take it easy. Bring them on. Let me hear some noise!  Whoo! Here to kick your butt tonight  is a master of Asian cuisine. Brian Tsao, the executive chef  at Mira Sushi and Izakaya here in New York City. This guy likes the crowd.  Yeah. Our next contender is  a scientist in the kitchen. Adam Harvey,  executive chef of Jackie's in Silver Spring,  Maryland. You know, Round 1 is all about separating the men  from the boys. All right, you guys. Glad you  took the night off from work? Absolutely. I think I'm here to show an old dog some new tricks. An old dog. Old dog. Old dog. All right, all right. Old dog. The testosterone  is just flowing in here. All right, guys, to get to me, first, you have to go  through each other, and to make it more interesting, I'm gonna give you  one single ingredient, and that ingredient... is cauliflower. I'm definitely intimidated by this cauliflower. It's something that I just don't  really work with. What's really important is that you make cauliflower  the star of your dish. You can puree it.  You can make it into soup. You can make it into mash. This secret ingredient  doesn't bother me. These ladies behind me will decide  which one of you guys move on. All right, you have 20 minutes,  and your time starts... ...now. So, why  did you pick cauliflower? Because cauliflower is one of those ingredients that was thought of as an old-school vegetable, and now every chef is using it on their menu. So, let's see what these guys got. In 20 minutes,  I don't have the time to do my molecular gastronomy  that I do on an everyday basis, but I have to let  the cauliflower sing. So I coat it with some olive oil  and get it roasting, get a little caramelization  on the ends, that little kind  of nutty bitterness to it. Bobby and I have  something in common. He dropped out of high school. I dropped out of high school 'cause we just couldn't wait  to be chefs. I won the Brillat-Savarian  Young Chef Award in 2007. Now I'm the executive chef  at Jackie's Restaurant in Silver Spring, Maryland. I'm a technician in the kitchen. I love using modern science,  molecular gastronomy to create things  that are kind of ingenious. I'm a younger, hipper version  of Bobby Flay. I want to prove to the world  that I can beat him, that I am this great chef  that I say that I am. You can make cauliflower part  of a dish, but how do you make cauliflower  the star of the dish? Cauliflower doesn't have a lot  of moisture to it, and it has a subtle flavor,  but the question is -- how do you draw it out? Since cauliflower  doesn't really fall into the realm  of my Asian background, I decide to go back  to basic techniques, and I get it boiling until  it's just slightly al dente. And then, I use cream combined with shallots  and garlic, chorizo. I think that's gonna showcase  my versatility in that I still keep  my Western training in mind. I was born and raised  here in the States, and my parents wanted me  to achieve the American dream of being a doctor or a lawyer, but after spending  some time in Asia to reconnect with my heritage, I just fell  head over heels in love with the food culture  over there, and much to my parents' dismay, when I came back,  I decided to become a chef. Now I'm the executive chef  of Mira Sushi and Izakaya, where I take Asian street food  to the next level. To beat somebody  like Bobby Flay, my family will finally take  my career as a chef seriously. Looking over at Brian,  I see the cream, which is playing it  a little bit safe. You know,  I want to be different, so I'm using some curry powder,  ricotta cheese, and golden raisins to make something  that's really unexpected. Adam, what do you got  going on here? Got some cauliflower caramelizing in the oven. Curried ricotta. And do a nice warm salad  with it. I also have  some golden raisins that are cooking in a little bit of sherry vinegar for some nice acidity  and sweetness. And then, just toasting off  these pine nuts. I feel like you just  are shuffling bowls around. That's not gonna beat  Bobby Flay. You really think  a cauliflower salad is gonna win this for you? I think this one will. All right. I don't want  to get in your way, but that's exactly  what I'm gonna do. What are you doing? Well, I am going to make  creamy cauliflower. Okay. Cool.  I see you've got some panko and some butter  and some chorizo.  Yes. I'm going to put in some shallots, pickled scallions, a little tarragon  at the very end. Not Asian food at all? That's a trick I hold for a little later, Bobby. Don't worry about me yet. You got to worry about the guy  next to you. 5 minutes. All right, Adam!  Show me the cauliflower. He seems laser focused  with a head of cauliflower and dreams of beating you. I have to admit -- I have a little bit  of nervousness going on 'cause if Adam wins, he'll probably do something  in molecular-gastronomy mode. If Brian wins and he pulls out  the Asian-dish card on me, neither one of those things  is what I do. That tastes good. You guys have 2 minutes to go. My cauliflower, it's al dente. It's perfect, but I taste the  sauce, and it's just not there. That's where I go for my trusty Asian ingredients. It's kind of a risk,  but I go for rice wine to give it a cutting edge and some soy sauce  to replace my salt. As the time runs out,  I'm feeling a lot of pressure. I got to make it through. I got  to give everything that I have. Brian,  I'm a little bit worried. Let's not lose the cauliflower in the sea of ingredients  you have over there. I saw scallions,  tarragon, onions. I saw an 18-car pileup. I know that I have a lot going on, but I add goat cheese. It'll add some more creaminess. 30 seconds! It's nerve-racking.  Your heart's racing. I have golden raisins, toasted  pine nuts, shaved fennel. I don't have time. 5...4....3...2...1! Time's up. There really isn't any  type of science in this dish, but I'm feeling really confident  that this is me on the plate. I see Adam,  his dish is gorgeous, and I'm not really sure if I made something  that's gonna stand up to that. The task at hand for you here was to take cauliflower and make it the star of the dish, and our job is  to pick the person who we think did that  and can therefore, go on to beat Bobby Flay with their signature dish. Brian,  tell me about your dish. I made a creamy cauliflower. It has some bits of chorizo,  goat cheese, pickled scallion. I love the herby, panko-y stuff  on the top of it. I think that was  a really nice touch, and it's amazing  that you combined all of these ingredients  in 20 minutes. I see a real coming together of really deep flavors, flavors that I think would really crush Bobby in a signature cook-off. The goat cheese, the rice-wine vinegar, and even the scallions,  and the arugula, but the chorizo is like, uh, you know, the overweight lover  in the room. I mean, it's like...  shazam in here. What happened  to the cauliflower? I'm nervous. I think I should've added  more cauliflower, but I'm hoping that things  will go my way. Adam, tell us  what your dish is. I did a roasted cauliflower  on top of a curried ricotta with a sherry  and raisin compote. I am a huge fan  of roasted cauliflower, and then with the raisins,  pine nuts, fennel, this is definitely  a very inspired plate of food. I really love the cauliflower and the way you cooked it. They were really juicy, and they had a lot of flavor, but your dish is seasoned  very timidly, in a way that leaves me really looking for some salt here. That's something  that's critical if you're gonna go up against a chef of his caliber. These guys are two  very different cooks. I don't know who's gonna win.  I don't know who's gonna lose. I don't have any idea what their  signature dish is gonna be. Who am I going up against? There is only one person  who we believe truly has a chance of beating Bobby Flay here. - And that's you, Brian. - Wow. It's disappointing to not be able to go up  against Bobby Flay. When they said his name  instead of mine, I was, you know,  kind of blown away. I guess it fell flat  in the judges' eyes. Is he making you nervous? I've been watching him on TV  for so long. He's, like, right here, and I want to be like,  "Oh, my God!" You can be like that.  That's all right. Oh, man,  it's so cool, man. Brian, Anne and I both felt you used a lot of finesse, especially in recruiting ingredients like rice-wine vinegar and the toasted panko bread crumbs with the butter. Those were really standout touches that got you the win. Thank you. Stay true to who you are  as a cook. Bring your heritage  to this table because that is the only way  you're gonna beat Bobby Flay. Thank you. All right, Brian,  what's your signature dish? We're gonna be cooking  meat tacos. Oh, my God.  What? Meat tacos?! Meat tacos. My cat is named Taco. Why don't you just hand this  to Bobby Flay on a silver platter?  Tacos? I mean, like,  what's wrong with you? You haven't seen tacos  like these. Okay, so, we're gonna stick around, but we're not the judges  for this round. We've got three experts that are gonna come in and determine the winner through a blind taste test. You guys will both have  45 minutes to pull off the best tacos you've ever made,  and your time starts now! To me, this is the fun part. The bell goes off. I'm running,  from start to finish. I got to take risks. I have to  make it a little bit different. I think when we think  of a meat taco, we think of that  classic ground beef with lots of spices  in a tortilla, but a taco is a food you can take in any direction with any flavors. Come on, where are you,  soy sauce? Anne and Alex are skeptical  of my decision to go up against Bobby Flay  with meat tacos, but I think my knowledge  in Asian cuisines, as well as utilizing  Western techniques, is gonna bring something that Bobby would not see coming. You know,  I cook Southwestern food. I've been making my living  making tacos for a long time. So, obviously, I'm gonna  have to teach him a lesson. My signature dish is beef  bulgogi tacos with kimchi slaw. It uses a recipe  that my mom taught me when I was really young and that I've just worked on  all these years. I have to get all the marinating ingredients going and get that beef in there. So, what  are you up to over here? I'm making a Korean bulgogi sauce. What's a bulgogi sauce? Bulgogi is a type  of marinade. Okay, so, red wine, onions. I see mushrooms,  pureed pear. What's that?  A little kimchi? I'm gonna make a kimchi slaw. Little kimchi slaw  with that. I like those big flavors. Smells delicious.  Really bright. Lot of really bold, amazing-looking flavors. So, Bobby,  what are you making? I got some pork shoulder  in here with some pomegranate  molasses and some chilies and some chicken stock. Hopefully the pressure cooker's gonna cook it enough. I'm making a pineapple,  habanero hot sauce. You know, so it's gonna be pomegranate in a pineapple pork taco, and I'm gonna actually  make puffy tacos. Puffy tacos? I'm gonna make  the tortillas, but I'm not gonna cook them  on a griddle. I'm gonna put them on a fryer,  and they puff up. Ooh. I haven't made a puffy taco,  like, in seven years, and I actually made it once  in "Throwdown," and I lost. And, uh...I don't know. Leave me alone. Get out of here. All right, all right. That was like  a "60 Minutes" interview. This is my taco shell. I'm actually gonna use  won ton wrappers. A won ton wrapper. Won ton wrappers. Okay. What's at stake here? Bragging rights for the rest of your life to say that you came here and you beat Bobby Flay at his own taco game. Yeah,  and that would suck for me. Well, let me tell you  a little story. My father came here  with no education, with no money  in his pocket, and he became  an auto mechanic, and no one at that time  was an Asian auto mechanic. That man showed me  anything is possible, as long as you set your mind  to it and you be brave. 20 minutes remain! Now I'm running. Seems like Bobby's  making a dessert. Pineapple and pomegranate. Seems very sweet. Brian,  we are counting on you to take down  B. Flay at Taco Town. Trying to get these  freakin' taco shells done. He's having a really hard time.  Come on. As I'm making  my won ton wrappers, my hands are trembling,  I'm panicking. Oh This is causing me  to have stress. Why isn't this working? Trying to get these  freakin' taco shells done! I feel like he's so nervous -- Brian -- that he cannot  come down to Earth and connect with his own cooking. I'm looking forward  to these tacos. I can't believe  we picked someone to go up against Bobby  with tacos. I know. As I'm making  my won ton wrappers, they're not coming out right. The shape just isn't there. And I look over at Bobby, and he's making  homemade tortillas. I mean, how can you  beat homemade tortillas? I got to calm down.  That's what I got to do. Now, I've lost "Throwdown"  with a puffy taco before, but I think the tortilla  is really gonna be key here, and it will work  to my advantage. The won ton shells frying in that little taco maker that he has look really beautiful. I'm relieved. The taco  shells look picture-perfect. 13 minutes and 42 seconds left. I got to admit -- the pressure cooker does add a little bit of drama. When people use it  to tenderize meat quickly, it tastes like boiled meat. I taste the marinade. Oh, man. I missed an ingredient --  the pineapple. Brian, is that a last-minute addition to your taco? It's actually  something I forgot. That's my mom's  secret ingredient. iarts tons of flavor, and  it tenderizes the beef itself. I hope he just doesn't go  too overboard with all of his flavors. Pressure-cooked meat sometimes can just taste like it's boiled, so I have a cast-iron pan,  and it's on very high to get really nice crust, caramelization  on the outside of it. That's why  he's a rock star. The beef bulgogi tacos has your sweet,  it has your sour. I came in with a game plan,  and at this point, I can let it reduce and let  all the flavors infuse. For this kind of competition, I always leave the integrity and the authenticity  of the dish intact, but then I kind of  put a twist on it. Bobby's making  puffy tacos. His matzo dough  is not behaving as well  as he would like it. I'm starting to sweat. The tortillas, they're ripping. I take this risk  to make puffy tacos, and now I'm thinking  to myself... If Bobby's gonna have  a little stumbling block, that is where  it's going to be. Bobby is carefully pressing those tacos, as if he is birthing his first child -- very carefully. It's getting tense  in Taco Town. Puffy tacos. One down. How many to go,  though, B.F.? Five more. This one's not done yet, either. These are so pretty. I think the sourness and the spiciness  from the kimchi slaw is gonna push me through. Brian is really throwing down  the gauntlet. If he beat Bobby Flay at  his own game, at tacos...whew! But I'm scared because what does arugula have to do with the flavors Brian has chosen for his taco? Brian, keep it simple. You know you don't need  a lot of tricks. You just need good taste. Heard, Chef. I like it. Brian has actually re-plated, which I think is really bold. He took the arugula  off the plates and seems to be sticking to his flavors, which is great. We have spiciness  from the chili, some fruitiness  from the pineapple. I think  it's got all the elements. Brian, don't look at Bobby.  Look at your taco. Look at me! 3 minutes, Brian.  Get it done. This is where it comes down  to the true test of an experienced,  competitive cook to someone who's new. Bobby's plates  are looking very polished, very professional,  very finished. You know, for all his kind of "force of nature"  in the kitchen, Bobby is being so delicate,  so calculating. Mom, I'm gonna make you proud,  all right? You watch. Bobby, are you prepared  to lose to Brian? Hell no. 30 seconds! As I'm building my plate,  it's pretty. It's bright. I'm just hoping that it has  enough twists to it, but also not too many twists. I think Bobby drizzled some pomegranate molasses right on his tacos. That's the kind of last-minute decision that can sometimes get you in a lot of hot water. I have a plan in terms  of the sweet, spicy, sour kind of thing. Alex, she just needs to kind of  chill out a little bit. There's pandemonium in my brain. That's where I go  for a much more rustic, composed-chaos approach  to my dish. Brian, let's do this!  Let's go! Come on! 4...3...2...1! That's it! Whoo! Good job, dude.  Thank you. So, Brian's bringing  the Korean flavors to the taco. Let's see if the judges like it. I'm looking at my tacos,  and I'm pretty proud of it. I'm confident my dish  can beat Bobby Flay. All right,  so since Anne and I can't be entirely objective  about this process, we have three judges to make the final call. We have Michael Chernow  and Daniel Holzman, co-owners of The Meatball Shop  in New York City and Wylie Dufresne, chef and owner of wd-50 and Alder in New York City, as well. Gentlemen, this is a blind taste test, so we're not telling you  who made what. We're just asking you to dig into the plate directly in front of you first. I haven't seen a puffy taco before. I'm really impressed  with that. I think the texture is really, really nice. There's some crunch. There's  the softness of the meat. I like the way you can  progress through it. I also think that the meat is cooked perfectly. There's a little heat  at the end. All the individual components were well put together  and well thought out. Did you eat these tacos?  No. Unh-unh. It's a little sweet. I like  the pomegranate seeds, but there's also some  pomegranate molasses on here. I think doubling down  on that is where  I think it does begin to sway a little  to the sweet side. The word "sweet" came up way too many times for my comfort level. Let's move on to number 2. Watching chefs and  restaurateurs of this caliber eating my food  really is a dream come true. The bulgogi is awesome. I love bulgogi, and it has the traditional  flavors in there that I'm looking for. The Asian pear, the scallions,  the kimchi -- crushing it for me. I think  it's a delicious taco, but the meat cookery  on the first taco, I think, was better  than the meat cookery here. I guess my main problem is, as I pick it up,  all the filling falls out. But that being said,  this is a delicious taco. I've never seen  this taco before, and I'm like, "That's delicious,  and who would have thought to put Korean food  and Mexican food together?" That's incredible. And now I'm like, "I don't think my breath is good after I ate that taco." There's like garlic  and scallions. It wasn't good  before you ate that taco. I'm torn. We're gonna give you  a minute to confer with each other. I need to win this round  to prove to my family what I'm able to accomplish  in this business. I mean, bottom line,  the judges are gonna pick whatever dish they like best. That's the criteria. And the winner is... ...Brian. Brian came into Bobby's house, and he took him down. We told Brian to stick true  to his heart and his soul. And I think that's why he pulled out the win, honestly. So, are we the winners?  What do we get? I think we're the winners. Okay, I lost this one, but I have to say  I truly stand behind my taco. It was definitely  a risky taco -- chilies, pomegranates,  puffy tortilla -- but I always say,  "No risk, no reward." My name's Brian Tsao,  and I just beat Bobby Flay! Whoo! -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 