The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries 
 s1e4 - A Chip Off the Old Castle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 4 - A Chip Off the Old Castle - full transcript 
 The theft of the famous Blarney Stone brings Granny and company to County Cork, where they encounter the legendary Irish Banshee. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ah, Ireland. Home of blarney castle.. ...and the Blarney Stone. 'And the Duffy Stone.' If you like the Blarney Stone, you'll love the Duffy Stone. Tourists come here every day to kiss the Blarney Stone. Legend says that this gives the gift of Irish gab.. ...to every lucky visitor. It's the banshee. Jellies preserve us. The Blarney Stone has been stolen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can you find it, Dan? I could find the Blarney Stone, but I won't. This is my day off, it is. Timothy Michael called in sick and now I hear he's off to the parish picnic ...with Jimmy Gorman and Old Bob the fireman. Pah! Then we'll be putting in a call to the greatest detective on the planet. You don't say. Missing Blarney Stone? Sorry, folks. I'm busy. Then we'll have to bring in Granny. Granny! Granny? ♪ The shamrock is forbid by law 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'Gangway below.' Whoa! Maybe we better get Sam Spade. Puddycat don't know it, but I took a mace class. Phew! My, you really know how to put on the dog. Sure, and if it isn't granny herself. World's greatest detective at your service. Have you found any clues? I could find tons and tons of nice clues only it's my day off. Hey, hey, there, you horrible creature. That's my lunch. Hector has the right idea but the real trick is getting the lunch to come to you. Top of the morning. 'Hey, little yellow fella.' Ooh, puddycat gonna be sore when he wake up. Here's the spot where the Blarney Stone got stolen. Hmm. Jigsaw cut marks. Did anybody hear sawing? All we heard was the banshee's terrible wail. 'Louder and more frightening than a..' 'uh, a much smaller banshee.' Be that as it may. I can prove this is a case of pure theft. Aha! Hmm. Whoever stole the blarney stone dropped these green-spotted seashells in the act. They say green-spotted seashells can be found at the vertical rock-cliff caverns of County Cork. The clues were leading us hither and yon but there was a case to be solved and lunch to be eaten. One small step for man. One giant leap for lunch. Whoa! Que sera sera. Detective work is full of red herrings. And fiddler crabs of every p-p-possible color. Ew. We returned to town determined to leave no stone unturned. Excuse me, but, uh, may I borrow your telephone? Eh, you're not gonna keep it, now, are ye? Oh, no, no. I-I just wanted to call the hotel. When we had the Blarney Stone, people came to buy our goods. Now they come to steal telephones. Do you wanna see the Duffy Stone? Do you? I think everyone here should see a doctor. Oh, don't mind her. Faith n. Begorra, apologize to granny. Go away. Duh. She's afraid she'll have to close up her little novelty shop since the tourists stopped coming. Goodness, does the whole town's livelihood depend on the Blarney Stone? Oh, yes. That and hats made out of chia pets, of course. I'm Flynn O'Casey, the local land agent. Without the Blarney Stone people around here 'would have to sell all their land and property.' Ah, a delectable denizen of the deep. This spud's for you. You mustn't eat things Granny didn't pay for, puddy. Huh? Ugh! 'Telephone call for granny.' - Uh, hello? - Listen carefully. If you want to find the Blarney Stone, go to this address. Where? Uh, near a peat bog? Our search for the stone brought us to the swampy Irish bogs and, of course, we had to pass the night in the obligatory spooky house. Well, we've searched everywhere and can't find any Blarney Stone. I think some local was playing a prank on us. Well, we'll just stay here tonight and have a nice rest. 'Oh, that's only a room thermometer, not a thermostat.' There's no furnace here. In Ireland, for heat, they burn chunks of cut ground called peat. Digging up dirt for fuel. Somebody's finally found a use for you dogs. 'Quit playing in the soot, Sylvester.' 'Bath time for you.' Oh, boy, a clue. "Colonel Mustard, with the candelabra in the drawing room." It doesn't fit, but it's an excellent clue. Hold still, Sylvester. Tweety never fusses. 'Just to be safe, you're on watch, Sylvester.' Humph. Man's best friend, hmm. When Sylvester's on the job, nothing stands in his way. Neither rain, nor sleet, nor snow, nor sunspots nor weevils, nor wolverines nor Wayne Newton Huh? Rats. Ha! Take that, feckless vermin. Phew! Sylvester, why are you playing the piano at this hour? We're trying to get some sleep. Oof! Suffering succotash. It's the Blarney Stone. Instead of Granny finding it, it's found her. The stakes were high, and I knew it was up to me but I needed assistance. Hmm? 'Who dropped that huge chunk of peat on us?' Well, I suppose you can explain this little disturbance, Sylvester? Explain? What was there to explain? I'd saved the old girl. Bad old puddycat. You ruined my beauty sleep. Oh, gracious. Stop it. Stop it. 'Outside, both of you.' What's this? An innocent country lass innocently tilling the innocent Irish soil? Hmm. Hey, look. I'll bet that's the dirt-digging pip-squeak who dropped all that muck on us and you're not gonna let her get away with that, are you? Phew! Hey. A poor merchant can't cut peat from her own land without meeting a bunch of snoopy people. Snoopy, snoopy people. Be off with you, you great sweaty beast. Oof! Let's see. "Valet parking, vegetarian, veteran services." Ah, "veterinarian." According to the Irish farmers' almanac those green-spotted shellfish can be found along the coast here. The same shellfish we found where the Blarney Stone was stolen. Wasn't that a long time ago? So back to the seashore we traipsed. The shellfish should be on that furthest rock out there. Whose bright idea was this, anyway? Yikes! Goodness' sakes. Oh, grow up. Just when the case had us all baffled there was a fortunate break in the storm. I thought I saw a strange contraption up in that big dark cloud. Aha. Where's that darn wind when you need it? Ooh! Yeow! Five, four, three.. You take it from here, puddy. 'Did something happen?' My glasses are all foggy. Why, thank you, Tweety. These bifocals get so.. Oh, goodness. Look at that. A fog generator. A jigsaw. Hmm. Where have I seen this peat before? Aha. So that's who holds the deed to this house. Aha. Why didn't I think of that? 'Aha!' Ooh. If granny puts this together, she's good. Watch this. The old peat-machine-in-the-wall trick. Oh. Maybe it's this one. Oh. Well, it's got to be this one. Phew! Oh. Aha! The missing part of the puzzle. 'Duffy.' And it almost worked but I did stupid things. Good going, granny. Once again, my role as super-sleuth went uncelebrated. Aha! The Blarney Stone. I could have solved this myself but it was my day off. Oh, sure. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 