The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries 
 s1e11 - Outback Down Under - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 11 - Outback Down Under - full transcript 
 Granny and her cohorts investigate when Australia's sheep population disappears. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 That's the last time we let you narrate, Hector. Today we visit the Australian outback, or bush country. The bush has mountains, deserts and sheep ranches. Lots and lots of sheep ranches. It's sort of a Ponderosa for the woolly set. These sheepnappings are ruining us, Bruce. But who's stealing our flocks? Don't know, Bruce. Could be the sheep fairy. Don't get all funny on me, Bruce. We're gonna call Australia's greatest hero. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Aye, Alligator Dundee here. Stolen sheep, is it? Got no time now, mate. Aah! Better call Granny. Whee-hee-hee! Isn't this exciting, boys? Can you say "airsick"? Ugh. Deploy landing gear. Yife! Thanks. No time for a bath, Sylvester. We have sheep to find. Did she say sheep? Nobody told me about shee.. Shee.. Something tells me pussy might be allergic to wool. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'They was just gone.' Bruce here thinks it was sheep fairies, but I say it's thieves. Thieves would be easier to catch. How many of the little dears are missing? Uh, sheep, ma'am, not deer. Uh, can't rightly say. We tried counting them but kept falling asleep. Ho-ho-ho. I never get past more than a dozen or so myself. Ha, ha. Uh, who do you suppose might want them? 'I used to buy sheep from the Bruce brothers.' Now, everywhere sheep are gone. And Wolfgang Wolf is known for his lamb dishes. Mm. Plenty of mutton on the menu here. Not that much. I-I no longer serve lamb jelly. So there. Tell me, puddy, do you think it's 100 percent wool? I'd say that was a big yes. Absolutely not. Use your dessert spoon. But you have no proof that I've been receiving stolen sheep. Baa-baa black sheep Have you any wool? Oh, what is it, Hector? You've just had your walkies. What's this? "Go to the Northern Territory, to Borroloola." Borroloola? Hee-hee-hee. Sounds like I have a mouth full of nickels. Uh, "Go to the Mutt Inn. Ask for the Ram." Where did you get this, Hector? From a bowl of soup? Still, a clue is a clue. This place looks like mutton but trouble. Excuse me, young man uh, could you tell me where I might find the Ram? A simple "no" would suffice. I may be allergic to wool but I'm not allergic to feathers. Sylvester, Tweety, behave yourselves. What will these nice people think? Hector? Well, at least something cushioned my fall. Uh.. Uh.. Uh.. He's having a bad wool day. 'E-e-excuse me. Coming through.' 'Gangway. Lady with a bird.' 'There you go, ma'am.' Thank you. You're too kind. There you are. Are you sportswriters? Uh, I'm not Dieter Brock. I'm Little Bo Peep looking for some lost sheep. Uh, you wouldn't know where to find them, would you? Oh, no, I wouldn't know anything about that. - I work for Harry Follicle. - Harry Follicle? President of the Save The Sumatran Rain Forest Association? No, Harry Follicle, the imitation-angora king. Australia's third largest manufacturer of fluffy sweaters. I'm helping him build his new factory. Oh? And just where is he building this factory? It was some place called Ayers Rock and Ayers can keep it. Now, who do you suppose would give poor pussy a lamb's wool umbrella? Land sakes, kitty, that cold of yours sounds worse. 'I'll have to give you another dose of chamomile tea.' 'Maybe I'll find some wool while we're here' 'and knit you a nice warm sweater to take that chill off.' Well.. ...it isn't every day old Harry Follicle gets a call from the world's greatest detective. Well, I needed some angora wool and I was in the neighborhood. Can't help you. My factory isn't built yet. I'm putting it over there. And here, I'm gonna put some more factory only better than the other part. And we're gonna put up a big aluminum rock here because it's more cost-effective. I'm sure it will be just lovely. And, uh, where do you plan to get your wool? Ah, that's the trick, isn't it? Ooh, what's that smell? Hmm. Something tells me there's wool in them there hills. Ooh, the plot congeals. Uh-oh. They don't look pleased to see me. There seems to be a lack of sheep around Ayers Rock these days. I don't need no stinking sheep. I'm buying expensive imported wool. Hey, I got a factory to build. Gracious, are you coming down with Sylvester's cold? G-g-giant mice? I haven't suffered seeing them for years. Smooth move, Paul Bunyan. A canary's work is never done. Let's toss some shrimp on the barbie. Oh, lucky me. Whoosh I know it's not traditional, but we haven't got all night. I wonder if we could bother you boys.. ...but for directions. My. Well, maybe they left something that might help us. Hmm, traditional aboriginal people often resort to native ways. "The Devil's Marbles." So much for traditional ways. Oh, lots of good grazing here. If I was a sheep, I'd move right in. The Devil's Marbles. I must have lost my marbles to climb up here. There could be a road to save us the walk, but, no. Okay, I'm climbing. I'm climbing. Sheesh. So who needs guides? Creak creak creak Is-is that your shadow? - Uh-uh. - Uh-uh. Phew. That's one thing for being a cat. Nine lives come in handy. There's a road up here? Now she tells us. What's going on here? I just bought this rock too. These fellas are trespassers. What on earth are you going to do with all those big rocks? That's not your concern. And I'll ask you kindly to stay off my property. Well, looks like it's back to Ayers Rock again. We should have asked for a lift. Let's review. We're in an exotic foreign land Granny's trying to solve some mystery and I can't nab that bird. That's my life in a nutshell. Granny knew there must be an entrance around here somewhere. Quit fooling around, puddy. We're supposed to be helping Granny find a way in. Cold. Ooh, here's another cave. Getting warmer. This one's just right. Jackpot. Surprise, surprise. What have we here? No. Hector, stop this nonsense. Going to take up knitting, Tweety? Ah! Where did you get this wool? Great, now we're sheep stalking. Thuds Swell, get Commissioner Gordon on the phone. I think we found the Batcave. Oh, flibbertigibbet! Come on, boys. This way. Ugh. Well, at least we're still together. My mistake. Oh, my. Goodness. 'Little Bo Peep just found her sheep.' A used sweater store would clean up here. Sylvester. Hector. Oh, my, you two are a sight. They should carry their own spares. 'Congratulations, Granny.' You've located my secret holding pen and found the missing sheep. Now my attack kangaroos will see that you're missing too. Ew! Come back. It's just a little nose wash. Oof! Ha! Ha! Ooh, no, you don't. I knew it was too good to be true. Wolfgang stole the sheep and I made a fortune selling imported wool to that sap, Harry. Then I got the sheep back for my fabulous restaurant. When did you put it all together? I didn't. But you just let the wool out of the bag. Ha, ha. Crooks are so gabby when they're caught. The aborigines got their rock back and the bad guys were all put away. Knit one, purl one, knit one, purl one, knit one, purl one. Those nice Australians rewarded us with so much wool that I can make sweaters for all of you. Hold still, Sylvester. A little wool next to the skin is the best way to get rid of a nasty cold. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 