The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries 
 s1e7 - Bull Running on Empty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 7 - Bull Running on Empty - full transcript 
 Granny arrives in Pamplona, Spain, to find the thief who stole the priceless Pamplona Periscope. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In Pamplona, Spain, there's this annual custom that you're gonna see why I detest. It all starts with a big block party.. ...which the locals call the San Fermin Festival. Sheesh. But, hey, I'm getting way ahead here. I forgot to mention the priceless P-P-Pamplonian p-p-p-periscope. No. The Pamplona Periscope. Stolen in broad daylight? Hello? World's greatest detective? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You must come to Spain immediately to find the missing Pamplona Periscope. Calm down, pal. Sorry, but a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. Better get Granny. Yahoo! Goodness, we're here already. Is mama's little birdie enjoying the ride? This is the only way to migrate. I knew I shouldn't have gotten that pedicure. Sylvester, hang on. Oh, well, it will stop eventually. Nothing a master mechanic can't fix. Ew. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Granny, when I had to get the world's greatest detective.. ...I, heh, immediately thought of you. Thuds Oh, the pedestal is solid wood. I see. And what's under this floor? A narrow crawlspace. But I assure you, it leads nowhere. Nowhere but the periscope's case. We'll have to send someone through here to check out potential escape routes. Well, it's about time that pampered pigeon pulled his share of the dirty work. You stay out of danger now, Tweety. 'Oh, Sylvester.' How nice of you to volunteer to check this filthy old crawl space. Pussy need to go on a diet. And it's gonna consist of one yellow canary. Oof! 'Yipe!' Dirty. It's messy. 'Well, no wonder it's pitch dark down here.' Did you ever get the feeling you was being watched? Aw, shucks, pussy get to have all the fun. Yipe! Thud The, uh, museum has a minor rat problem. So does Sylvester. Come back here, you tawny tidbit. Tweety, stay out of the street! Heavens, fireworks in the daytime? That rocket signals the release of the first group of toros for the annual running of the bulls. Who cares about bulls on the run when my lunch is on the run? I got you now, you little.. Ow! I get the point. Goodness, where do the bulls run to? To the bullring, the Plaza de Toros where they get to finish off anyone they missed during the run. Ooh, those bulls got a strong union. This shortcut got us here just in time. Yipe! 'Oh, no!' Where's a locksmith when you need one? Phew. Oh, he said, "It's locked." But they wouldn't lock those doors during a bull run. This isn't in my travel brochure. Well, I certainly gave those bulls a run for my money. We'll have to catch up with you later, Sylvester. When you're done playing, kitty we'll be in the Pamplona Hillside Hotel, Room 113. Oh, pussy gonna be in tiptop shape when this festival all done. 'Everyone ready for beddy-bye?' Oh, patience, Hector. You get the bathroom next. Time for you to hit the hay too, Ferdinand. Thuds Huh, swell. Granny got us a room with a view. Now, for some shut-eye. Sheesh. Bring back the bulls. I hope I can get to sleep before too long. Swish Huh? Mosquitoes are big around here. Thuds Suffering succotash, a floor slasher. Thuds Phew. How tempting. Oh, I hate having a conscience. Oof. - Mother. - Land sakes. What is it, Sylvester? I told them at the desk, I don't want a bed that does tricks. Is there a movie on this flight? Yipe. Fortunately this is one pussy cat who always lands on his feet. At least they got a good rest. My, how Sylvester likes those bulls. May I please speak with the caretaker of the bullring? You mean Senor Gabriel, our bullring custodian? He was the best. What do you mean, was? His little apartment was found ransacked the very morning of the bull run. So before he could check on the doors Senor Gabriel met with foul play. Mind if I borrow this? Oh, sorry, we're late. No problem. It took me extra time to pull all the Pamplona books you requested. This is a whole year's worth of cage-bottom reading. I'm off to festival. When you are done, please lock up. And don't write anything in the margins. I hate that. "Years of gamma-ray dating attempts "have failed to fix the Pamplonian Periscope's true age." Oh, my gosh. Well, now I've learned more about Pamplona than I care to know. 'Come along, little doggie.' We're locked in. Maybe not. Someone's working hard to stop me. Do you know what that means? Unh. Of course you wouldn't, you're a dog. Hee-ya! Good thinking, Hector. Why do bulls find me so appealing? What's wrong, kitty? Never seen anyone bull-surfing before? Can't say that I have. Yahoo! Oh, swell, no kitty door. Thuds Oh, sure, he's having fun. Whoever locked the bullring also locked me in the library. The lights were against me. Oh, binoculars. 'Oh, Tweety, I can see right through you.' 'What's inside that lamp-post?' 'Bingo.' Thanks to all those gamma rays these ultraviolet lenses make it look so bright 'you would even say it glows.' Works for me. Timber! Now that we have the Pamplona Periscope the culprit will find us. 'Behold, an old nemesis of mine.' The Spanish Mole. Ew. I bet he's the Ty-D-Bol Man's nemesis too. Pew! We meet for the last time, Granny. 'Ow!' thuds I've heard of running gags, but this is ridiculous. So your trained rats stole the periscope and took it underground where you hid it in a lamp-post until the heat died down. Mm-hm, mm-hm. You are under arrest, Spanish Mole for stealing the Pamplona Periscope kidnapping Senor Gabriel and failing to use a good underarm deodorant. You are a stinker. Oh, uh, one wee revision. Hey. Oh, hey, cut it out. That tickles. No! Senor Gabriel was the Spanish Mole disguised all these years to gain your trust. Oh, my. It can not be. And does anyone know why Senor Gabriel suddenly closed and locked the bullring gates? No. Why? Beats the heck out of me. I was hoping you might know. Oh, isn't that precious? You inspired us to follow in your bull-running footsteps, pussycat. You see why I hate this stupid custom? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 