The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries 
 s1e1 - The Cat Who Knew Too Much - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Cat Who Knew Too Much - full transcript 
 In New Orleans, Granny and Tweety visit the annual canary crooning competition. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Only five more miles to New Orleans. Five more miles of the fabulous song stylings of Puny-do Domingo. Goll doggit! That's some singer you got there, chere. Oh, thank you. And, though I'm often mistaken for her I am not Cher. Uh, the name is Granny. No, no, you see, chereis just a term we use down here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It means lovely lady. My name is Louie Z. Anna. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Granny. Oh. Oh, now you should enter this bird in the Cajun Canary Crooning Competition at the Mardi Gras. Mr. Zanna, we were last year's Crooning Competition champions. Well, I am in the presence of someone special. - Granny. - Ooh. Now, who could that be? I'm Dora. Your maid. Here are some towels. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dogs. Cats. Don't expect me to clean up after your hairy beasts. Especially birds. H-hello? Oh, why, Mr. Zanna. Of course, Louie. Uh, w-what? Lunch? Why, yes, I'm free. One o'clock. I'll see you then. Goodbye, Louie. Oh, hot diggity! I got myself a live one! Now, Sylvester, be a good kitty and make sure Tweety continues to practices his singing. He must be ready for tonight's big contest. And, Hector, you keep an eye on Sylvester. Back before you know it. Eugh! Smells like liver in here. 'What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?' Nothing like a big old pussy dog to protect you from a bad old pussy cat. Hmm. I should do an upbeat number. I thought I saw a thug. I did. I did see a thug. Oof! Duh! 'Down here, Mugsy.' Duh, gee, boss. Uh, how's come you're fooling around in a little bird cage? Help! I'm being canarynapped by two thugs! Help! Nobody lifts my lunch and gets away with it. My, I can't decide what to order. Everything smells so good. Oh, then let's ask old Chef Jumbo Laya. Hey, Jumbo, I wonder if you could recommend some of your Cajun delicacies to Granny here. Well, little lady, we got the canary gumbo canary kabobs, fried canary, apricot canary poached canary, canary etouffee canary tartar, canary casserole, that's good eating. Canary souffle, canary on the half shell, stuffed canary.. - Old maid? - What did you call me? Duh, nothing boss. Uh, I was just talkin' about the game. Shut up and deal. Ahh. - Old maid! - Do not call me that. Mugsy, close it, that window. Birds are prone to flying and out a window would be the perfect place for a bird to go. Duh, okay, boss. You pussy cat lovers might wanna close your eyes. I'll never play the bass fiddle again. Thanks again, Louie. See you at tonight's competition. Hmm. A handshake instead of a kiss. Was Hector a good watch doggy while Granny was away? Here, have some beads. Oh. What I had to do to get these. Oh, how pretty. Eek! You bad old cat. What have you done with Tweety? No more jack mackerel for you. Oh! Hector? Amanda's finally marrying young Mort and we got all this racket. Shut the bird up. Mugsy, answer the door. I demand to see the warden. Immediately! Duh, "I represent the Acme Vacuum Company "and I'd like to demonstrate our newest model "The Inhaler 2000. Dirty carpet? It'll clean it. "Musty drapes? It'll unmust them. "Bird feathers? It'll suck them right up its power hose. "All of this can be yours for three small payments of 99.99." Duh, it's caught my interest. Minnie Julep! So you two let the bird get away! Watch the bird! I don't wanna have to tell you again! I find these short trips refreshing. I've got to find Tweety and still get all of us to the Cajun Canary Crooning Competition in time. Now who could that be? Forgot to drop these cheap candies on your pillow. 'Pets in the rooms.' No way am I cleaning up all those bird feathers. Feathers? 'Bless his heart.' 'Tweety left us a trail to follow.' Let's go, Hector. Ooh. Sylvester, you look like something you dragged in. Where's Tweety? Ooh, here I go again. It's about time you got here. You know what to do. Ooh, I got an uneasy feeling down in my little gut. So I was wrong. I'm happy to report that all is going exactly as planned, Mr. Big. And now, we're very excited to welcome back our next act the reigning champions, Granny and Tweety! The bird's put on weight and the old lady needs a shave. Why, the nerve of those two. I would never wear a dress like that. Good work, Sylvester. I'm making a citizen's arrest. For fraud, birdnapping and wearing that dress with that hat. Duh, gee, Rocky. I sure hope Mr. Big don't find out about this. - Shut up. - Mr. Big, eh? I should have known you two weren't capable of coming up with a plan like this. A Mr. Big. Mr. Big, hmm.. Oh, there goes that blasted tape recorder again. Could someone turn that thing off so I can think? Duh, it is off. Tweety. It's times like these I feel unconditionally used. Tweety. Tweety. Yes, Tweety, that's a nice picture. But we've got to get you out of here. Well, isn't that lovely? It's you and me at last year's competition. Louie Z. Anna? What's he doing in this picture? Oh, now you should enter this bird in the Cajun Canary Crooning Competition at the Mardi Gras. Mr. Zanna, we were last year's Crooning Competition champions. Now I remember. Louie was last year's first runner up. 'So he's Mr. Big.' That's right. Why? Well, they say our love won't pay the rent. You did all of this just for the money? I was gonna take the contest winnings then sell off this little delicacy here to Jumbo and be on my way. But seeing as how you've changed my plans I'll just take this canary and make like a bird. Goodbye, chere. Stop that scoundrel! Granny and Tweety the judges have awarded you first prize in the Cajun Canary Crooning Competition for your rendition of "Camptown Races." Ooh-eeh, that there is the biggest canary I ever done laid my eyeballs on. Pretty soon there's gonna be too much fat in Cajun food. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 