Battlestar Galactica: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s2e5 - The Farm - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Farm - full transcript 
 Starbuck finds herself wounded in a hospital on Caprica where she is suspicious about her doctor. President Roslin makes an appeal to the fleet to follow her to Kobol. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Battlestar Galactica. I have a few months to live. And in that time, I will lead the people to salvation. It is my sole purpose. Praise be to the Gods. Here is our salvation. Laura Roslin's actions in suborning mutiny and sedition... among the military could not be tolerated. Therefore, Cdr. Adama was left with no choice... other than to remove her from office. We've got to get out of here now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm right with you. I think these guys might really be human. Everyone on Caprica's dead. You're not. I just got here. Not exactly an army. A hell of a lot better than the two of us... if we're gonna assault an airbase... steal a Heavy Raider, and get the frak off this planet. Nice to know installing a regulation Pyramid court... was one of the priorities of the Resistance. [groans] Nice shot. Thanks. [panting] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stand aside or you can shoot me. I intend to go through that hatch and get off this ship. The former president's missing. Missing? Two men down. Cell's empty. Damn it. (Apollo) Well, we're home free for now. Glad to see you, Madam President. Zarek here is the only one... with enough shady friends around who can possibly hide us. (all) Traitor! (man) Cally shot Boomer! (Tyrol) No, no. No. [gasping] I love you, Chief. What's happening on my ship? I frakked things up and good. I made some bad calls. A lot of pieces to pick up. Then we'll pick them up together. Go through. [truck engine droning] You've been awake for an hour? [sighs] So what are you gonna do if you can't make it back to your ship? I'm getting back. Well, I know we were able to take your sorry ass by surprise. Frak you. Nice. But the truth is... we really don't know what the hell we're doin'. A lot of our tactics are stuff we just saw in the movies. We could use some professional advice. You want some advice? You're on the losing end of this fight. Give it up before you all die. Head further up in the mountains... above the ambient radiation, and just hole up. And what? Wait to die? As soon as I get back to Galactica, I'll send a rescue party. Yeah, right. If I say I'm gonna do something, I do it. You always such a bitch in the morning? Count on it. My kind of woman. [grunting] Hey. We have a mission to accomplish. So what? Mission. [grunts] Fine. Whatever. [sighs] I'm sorry, okay? I didn't mean to-- [laughs] Got you. So weak. So, so very weak. Lighten up a little bit. It's only the end of the world. [laughs] Sue-Shaun, I want you to watch our perimeter, especially on the flank. Okay. The Cylons have a refueling airstrip just on the other side of that ridge. There's a Heavy Raider makes a regular refueling stop... every afternoon, like clockwork. (Helo) Machines like routine. Yeah. It's usually guarded by less than three of the mechanical varieties. We've left it alone up until now. (Helo) So what's the plan? Go through this gully, approach the airstrip from the south side... sprinkle our men through the tree line... wait for the Cylons to land the Raider... hook up the refueling hoses. Once they hook up the tylium hoses... we take out the guards and blow their refueling station. I thought you wanted the Raider intact? They build them tough. Believe me. Blowing the fuel will barely put a scratch on the hull... but it might give us enough time to board the Raider. Once I'm inside... I'll blow the brain, and I'll start working on trying to get it-- [gun firing] (man #1) Stay back! Over there! (man #2) Open fire! [guns firing] [people shouting] (Anders) Kara, take cover! Get back! Everybody fall back! Fall back! Kara, let's go! [guns continue firing] [all chanting] Adama! Adama! Adama! [all applauding] [people whistling] [inaudible] Thank you very much. I'm glad to be back. There are things we don't say often enough... things like what we mean to one another. All of you mean a lot to me. I just want you to know that. Let's get back to work. I feel strange. Like.... Closer to the ground. You should check in with the doctor. Mr. Gaeta? Where do we think they are now? The stolen Raptor with Capt. Adama... and the former president. The fugitives. The fugitives docked at Cloud 9 last week. We effectively lost them at that point... due to the large volume of inter-fleet traffic going to and from Cloud 9, By now, they could be holed up anywhere in the fleet. I want them found. She was dangerous enough as a symbol of Resistance... but now with Lee helping.... I wanna search every ship in the fleet. Quarantine procedures. Isolate the ship out of the main body. If it's clean, we keep it quarantined away from the rest of the fleet. She can hide, but she can't run. Dee, start quarantine procedures. Start with Cloud 9, (Roslin) How much longer... are we meant to stay hidden in this meat locker? (Elosha) I don't know. I communicated your latest message to the Quorum of Twelve... and they've decided that the question of openly supporting you needs more... deliberation. I need to make an appeal to the people. Make a strong enough argument... and the Astral Queen will be the first ship in line. [Apollo scoffs] Like they knew anything but roll over and take orders from you. One more bit of news I should convey. [sighs] Zeus has returned to Olympus. Adama's back in command. [stuttering] My father? He's back? (Zarek) Word just came in over the wireless. He is a tough old bird. [sighs] (Zarek) What we really need is something heartfelt... something human and personal that will galvanize the people. Like a son denouncing his father. (Apollo) My name is Lee Adama. Until recently, I was the commander of Galactica's air group... but when Cdr. Adama, my father... decided to stage a military coup against the President... I could no longer support him or his actions. I love my father. I respect him. But in this... he is wrong. He must be opposed. I call on all free-thinking people in the fleet. I.... I can't do this. Sorry, everyone. I thought I could, but I can't. I'm playing the religious card. I know exactly what I have to do. How does this thing work? (Simon) You're okay. You're in an aid hospital. They brought you in yesterday morning. You got shot in the abdomen. I'm Simon. Can you tell me your name? Kara. [clears throat] Kara Thrace. [inaudible] (Simon) You were in surgery for about two hours. I removed the bullet. I didn't think you were gonna make it there for a while. Take it easy. [coughs] I know that hurts. Who brought me in? (Simon) This big guy named Anders. Used to be a pro Pyramid player, if you can believe that. Yeah, I know him. [water running] Where is he? He died. On the table. I thought he was only slightly wounded. It turns out a piece of shrapnel had nicked his aorta. Massive internal bleeding. I'm sorry. We did everything we could do. [door closes] [crying] [door opens] (Simon) Good morning. I see you're sucking down fluids at a rapid pace. That's good. Are you a Cylon? What do you think? I think you didn't answer the question. [chuckling] I am most definitely not a cylon. Of course, I don't know what you'd expect me to say. If I was a Cylon, I certainly wouldn't admit it. Can I leave? There's the door. [sighing] Frakking doctors. So I am a doctor, not a Cylon? The jury's still out. I would expect the Cylons to have better digs than this, though. Where is this rattrap? We're about 20 clicks north of Delphi. Used to be a mental institution. It's not much, but it's one of the few places the Cylons haven't found yet. [groans] Okay. So, what, I'm supposed to believe there really is a Resistance out there? Shh. Don't tell anybody. We're trying to keep that quiet. Time for your pain meds. [groans] (Tyrol) If I may speak on behalf of Specialist Cally? She was distraught through the experience on Kobol. Being on the surface, fighting the Cylons... it's shattering for all of us. I don't believe she was in her right mind when she shot Boomer. [sighs] Did you love her, Chief? Excuse me? Boomer. Did you love her? I thought I did. When you think you love somebody, you love them. That's what love is: thoughts. She was a Cylon, a machine. Is that what Boomer was? A machine? A thing? That's what she turned out to be. She was more than that to us. She was more than that to me. She was a vital, living person... aboard my ship for almost two years. She couldn't have been just a machine. Could you love a machine? No, sir. I guess I couldn't. Cally discharged a firearm without permission... endangering the lives of her shipmates. Thirty days in the brig. Dismissed. Thank you, sir. You'll see her again, Chief. Excuse me? There are many copies. You'll see her again. [clears throat] How many patients do you have here? Am I being interrogated again? I just think it's odd... that I've been here for two days, and I haven't seen anybody else. Just you. We have 223 patients at the moment... two doctors, and five teachers masquerading as nurses. I know a teacher masquerading as president. What's that? It's awfully quiet. No screams, no moans, no... "Doctor! Doctor! Please help me! It hurts." Most of our patients are succumbing to acute radiation poisoning. Symptoms include powerful fatigue and immediate nausea. This is followed by several days of comparable well-being. After that, cell death in the gastric and intestinal tissue causes... massive diarrhea, intestinal bleeding, and loss of water. It's not pretty. But it is quiet. The biggest killer in this place is infection. That's why we have you under quarantine. We don't know what you brought in with you yet. Your test results will be back this afternoon. Okay, almost done. I think there may be a cyst on one of your ovaries. Is it serious? No, it should be fine. We'll keep an eye on it. Gotta keep that reproductive system in great shape. That's your most valuable asset these days. Right. I'm serious. Finding healthy, child-bearing women your age... is a top priority for the Resistance... and you'll be happy to know that you are a very precious commodity to us. [laughs] I am not a commodity. I'm a Viper pilot. You see any Vipers around here? [gasping] I mean, you do realize... that you're one of a handful of women left on this planet... actually capable of having children, right? I mean, that is your most valuable skill right now. Well, I don't want a child, so just drop it, okay? Well, no one's forcing you. Just take a moment and think about... where you are and what's going on. The human race is on the verge of extinction. And, to be quite frank with you, potential mothers... are a lot more valuable right now than a whole squadron of Viper pilots. I shouldn't have mentioned it. I should've known you'd be sensitive. A lot of women with your history forego bearing children of their own. My history? I saw the fractures on your X-rays. A lot of old fractures from childhood. It's interesting how you managed to break every finger on both hands. Every break in the exact same place, between the first and the second knuckle. Did someone break your fingers, Kara? Get out. Children of abusive parents... often fear passing along that abuse to their own children. Get out! All right. [door opening] [sobbing] [people chattering] Is she kidding with this? I know it's hard to believe, but that message has cropped up all over the fleet. It's religious crap. "lt seems I have been chosen to help lead you to the promised land of Earth. "l will not question this choice. "l will simply try to play my part in the plan. "Therefore, at the appointed hour... "l will give a signal to the fleet. "All those wishing to honor the gods and walk the path of destiny... "will follow me back to Kobol. "lt is there that we will meet the gods' servant with the Arrow of Apollo." We've got five Raptors with marine fire-teams standing by... to board the Astral Queen, No one's gonna follow her. No one's gonna believe this crap. No one's this stupid. And anyone that is, that wants to make a suicide run to Kobol... please let them. (Roslin) How long till we jump? Two minutes. Any other ships declared themselves for us? Not yet. [people mumbling] No, that.... No, please, this isn't necessary. Give them your blessing. [whispering] Oh, no. It's not right. It isn't who I am. Laura, this is your path... the one the gods picked for you... the one you picked for yourself. Sue-Shaun! (Helo) Anders, we must have been over this line 10 times already. She must have taken a bullet. She was right here by the vehicles. She would have got up and crawled the frak out of here. Hey, we have to search the entire area again. I told you we shouldn't have pulled back so fast. I thought she was with us. Anders, we got ambushed, okay? We all got separated. There's nothing we could have done about it. Kara, of all people, would understand. Let's just find her. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. (Boomer) I know where Starbuck is. Sharon? Where have you been? Tracking you. Who is she? She's with us. You're the father of my child, Helo. I'm not gonna lose you. Where is she? (Zarek) We're ready. Send the signal and jump. Astral Queen has jumped away. Now we'll see how many follow. To sit around and wait for Starbuck to show up with that stupid arrow? Two, three at the most. [groans] [groans] [door opens] Good morning. [panting] You look better. What's this new scar? You had to go back in last night while you were asleep. Some internal bleeding to tie up. Nothing to worry about. Everything's gonna be fine. We're just about done with you, Starbuck. Nice way of puttin' it. Just a couple more tests, and.... I almost said, "We'll be sending you back home." I guess we'll be sending you back into the fight. That sounds good to me. Hey, I just woke up. And now you're going back to sleep. You're the doc. [door closes] [groans] (Simon) Pending lab-test results on sample ovaries... complete removal will proceed tomorrow. If lab tests are positive, then subject will be removed... to processing facility for final disposition. (No. 6) Is that regret I hear in your voice, Simon? If it is, it certainly is none of your concern. [sobbing] Lords of Kobol, please help me. Good morning. [chuckles] Are you sure you're feeling okay? You know, something actually has been bothering me lately. [screams] I never told you my call sign was Starbuck. [rasping] You can't kill me. Just die! [gasping] [choking] [panting] [gasps] Sue-Shaun. Sue-Shaun, it's me, Kara. Hold on, okay? I'm gonna get you out of here. [gasping] No, no time. Cut the power. That'll kill you. Can't live like this. The baby machines. Please. [machines beeping] [sighing] Please. [whispering] [grunts] [sobbing] [grunting] [buzzing] [crying] [groaning] [Starbuck grunts] Hello, Starbuck. [gun firing] [screaming] Kara, come on! Let's go! Let's go! Go! Go! [groaning] Get down! Kara, get down! [guns firing] [groaning] Come on! Let's go! Gotta go! Hey. [men shouting] Come on! Move like you have a purpose, people! Go! Go! Go! [people chattering] Twenty-four ships, sir. That's almost a third of the fleet. Why? [crying] (Boomer) They were conducting research,,, into Human-Cylon breeding programs, (Starbuck) Human-Cylon? They call them farms. [groans] Your gunshot wound looks fine. So, farms, that's great. What were they gonna do? Knock me up with some Cylon kid? They were gonna try to. We haven't been very successful so far. Supposedly, they can't reproduce... you know, biologically... so they've been trying every which way to produce offspring. Why? Procreation, that's one of God's commandments. "Be fruitful." We can't fulfill it. We've tried. So we decided-- To rape human women. You know, if you agreed to bear children, it'd be voluntary. Maybe even set you up with someone you like. Like you two kids? We're different. What the frak is that supposed to mean? They have this theory. Maybe the one thing they were missing was love. So Sharon and l... [sighs] we're set up-- To fall in love? [sobbing] They didn't ask Sue-Shaun... if she wanted to fall in love, all right? They put a tube in her, and they hooked her up to a machine! They know who you are, Kara. You're special. Leoben told you that. You have a destiny. Starbuck, what's this second scar? I don't know. I don't think I wanna know now. You know? No. [scoffs] All right, how many women do they have at these farms? Hundreds. Maybe thousands. I don't know. I haven't accessed that data. Here's what we do. Take the Heavy Raider, cram it full of ground troops... find out where the next farm is, liberate it, then the next... and the next, and the next. No. No, that's not why you came to Caprica. [people chattering] Go find Earth. What about you? You said you needed professional advice. We'll muddle through. We've managed so far. They'll kill you. You'll die here. You know that. A lot of people died here... but I'll tell you this: If I'm gonna die here... I'm gonna take out every last one of those frakking farms before I do. I'm not gonna leave you here. You said you were gonna come back, remember? I'm gonna hold you to it. I'm coming back. I said it. I meant it. Yeah, okay. Hey. Be safe. Let's go home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 