Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e6 - Litmus - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 6 - Litmus - full transcript 
 A humanoid Cylon straps himself with explosives and commits a suicide bombing in a crowded hallway on Galactica. Roslin and Adama are forced to publicly reveal that the Cylons now have models that look like humans, and a wave of paranoia spreads over the fleet as everyone starts being suspected of being a Cylon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FEMALE NARRATOR: PreviousIy on Battlestar Galactica. (DRAMATlC lNSTRUMENTAL MUSlC) Sharon, get out of here! Where are you? Sharon ! TYROL: Halt! No sudden moves. Get down on your knees and cross your ankles. Now! l am human. l am from Oasis. lt's a hamlet, a couple stops out of Caprica City. l'm not a Cylon ! Don't leave me! MAN ON PA: Attention. The Scorpia Traveler has docked. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Civilians currently boarding Galactica, pIease proceed to security checkpoint. (BEEPS) (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) Thank you. MAN ON PA: Viper Maintenance Crew Bravo, report to FIight 3. CORPORAL: Next. Next. MAN: Yeah, okay. lt's all clear? l've got your back, Chief. Thanks. (DOOR CLOSlNG) (BOTH MOANlNG) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (CHUCKLlNG) Anybody see you? No. l went through the hatch combing on C Causeway. Good girl. MAN ON PA: Bravo Team, EOD, stand by for munitions off-Ioading. Hangar Bay 2. You know, sometimes at work l try and conjure up what your face looks like. The curve of your lips, the way your hair falls, how you smell. You see my face every day. Yeah, but not like this. (LAUGHlNG) Security, XO. Send an armed detail to meet me in the midpoint promenade deck causeway, C level. Approach from aft. Repeat, approach from aft. Doral ! (BEEPlNG) Look out! ALL EXCLAlMlNG) (THEME MUSlC) (GROANlNG) What's the count? Three dead, 1 3 injured. Did you get a good look at the bomber? Yes. lt was him, right? Yes. ADAMA: l want to see the Master-at-Arms in my office in 1 0 minutes. A Cylon? Eyewitness accounts all state the bomber was a man. The Cylons look like us now. Like us? Yeah, they appear human. The flesh, the blood, the whole thing. The bomber was another copy of a man we knew as Doral, posing as the Public Relations Officer aboard this ship. We've learned that there are multiple versions of the same Cylon. l want you to open an investigation immediately. l want to find out how that Cylon, or any civilian could break through our security. There've been a string of security incidents aboard ship, sir. The water tank explosion, the discovery of explosives aboard a Raptor, and now this. Your point? l need a free hand. The authority to follow evidence wherever it might lead without Command review. lndependent tribunal? Yes, sir. You'll get it. Thank you. That will be all, Sergeant. l also strongly recommend alerting the public to the Cylon threat. lf there are other copies of this man aboard the fleet, we should find them before they strike again. l'll take that under advisement. That will be all. Sirs. Open to the public. There's a can of worms. Keeping silent hasn't helped us very much. Maybe shining a little light on the situation will make things pop up. All right. Hey! l owe you one. Sir. Colonel. Get me the President. Don't kink the line. JAMMER: There, we've got it. Okay, let's go. So who's first? How about me? Hey, Chief. How's it going there, Top? Hi. Come on. Let's have it. Come on. TYROL: You people are the sorriest of the sorry. The dumbest of the dumb. The only thing you're making out of this is a one-way trip to Sickbay or the morgue. Now, tonight, after night call one of you brings me twice that length of copper tubing, a spot heater and a CO2 scrubber, l'll show you people how this is done. All right? Now get the hell out of here before l change my mind. Thank you. Children. (SQUEAKS) NO. 6: He's very handsome. DORAL: You really think so? BOOMER: She says that about everyone. You disagree? He's attractive. NO. 6: l hope you're more convincing than that with him. lf he wants to find me, he'll head north, toward Cylon forces he's already seen. lf he wants to go alone, he'll go south, hoping to find another way off the planet. Either way, he won't make his move until nightfall. DORAL: lf he flees, he dies. (ROSLlN ON TELEPHONE) There's going to be a huge reaction. lf there are any other Cylons aboard any of our ships, we need to find them. lf we enlist the help of the public, it'll make it a lot easier. People are going to be shocked, angry, terrified, paranoid. There is a price to be paid when asking for the pubIic's heIp. They're going to demand, at the very Ieast, that someone be held accountable. l'm setting up a tribunal. And that tribunal will have to come back to the public with a name. Someone who screwed up. We don't know if anybody screwed up. A Cylon agent penetrated your security, killing three people. At Ieast one of your men or women screwed up. Look, here's my view. lndependent tribunal, openness, transparency, it all sounds great. But after 20 years in poIiticaI office, I'm teIIing you these things have a way of infIicting damage on the peopIe you Ieast expect. l do not want a witch hunt on our hands. So, where were you at the time of the bombing? ln my rack, reading some trashy novel Socinus gave me. Did you see the Chief? Chief? He was on the Hangar Deck going over some paperwork, l think. How do you know that if you were in your rack? l saw him right before l turned in. l was with Cally, playing Pyramid in the mess hall corridor. HADRlAN: You sure? Yeah. She's pretty good. Did you see the Chief? Yeah, he was there. l mean, not the whole time, but he dropped in, watched us play for a while. Okay. SOClNUS: l was on watch. Did you see the Chief? The Chief? No. He wasn't on the Hangar Deck? No. Wait. Yeah, he was. He came in, did some work on one of the Vipers that the Captain rides. Thank you. Asleep in my rack. Sure about that? Positive. l was asleep, Sergeant. All right. That'll be all for now. (CHATTERlNG) Good afternoon, and thank you for coming. Please be seated. l'm sure by now, word of the explosion on the Galactica has spread through the entire fleet. We offer our continued gratitude to the brave men and women aboard this mighty ship. ROSLlN: ln consultation with Commander Adama, I have appointed an independent tribunaI to investigate the circumstances surrounding this expIosion. Also, in the interest of security and pubIic safety, l feel it is time to reveal certain information that has until now remained a tightIy-guarded secret. This information was known onIy to myseIf, Commander Adama and a few select advisors. The cat's out of the bag. The Cylons have the ability to mimic human form. They look like us now. MAN: Did you hear that? ROSLlN: We have reason to believe that a Cylon agent was responsibIe for the expIosions aboard Galactica. ROSLlN: This man has been identified as a Cylon agent. We believe him to be responsible for the bombing. He evidently slipped aboard the Galactica with a civilian group, killed a Marine guard, stole the explosives and detonated them killing three members of the crew and destroying himself. This man has also been identified as a Cylon. And we now know that there are duplicates of each Cylon model. Anyone seeing either of these two men at any time, anywhere in the fleet should immediately contact the Battlestar Galactica and the office of the President. Now l'll take your questions. (REPORTERS CLAMORlNG) They've known about this the whole time. They just decide to tell us now? Cylon? l mean, who's the Cylon now? This is too much. l don't even want to know this. Excuse me, sir. Will you come with us, please? What? Why? TYROL: What's up? What's going on, Sergeant? HADRlAN: Chief, we need you to come along as well. You're arresting the Chief? Who's arresting the chief? No one is under arrest. What's the meaning of all this? HADRlAN: Step back! Lieutenant asked you a question, Sergeant. A tribunal has been convened to look into the Cylon penetration of our defenses. lt requires the presence of Lieutenant Valerii and Chief Tyrol and l am here to escort them to the Wardroom, sir. Very well. Proceed. HADRlAN: Thank you, sir. Lieutenant, Chief, you'll come with me, please. You're it till l get back. Don't worry. HADRlAN: Lieutenant Valerii, where were you at the time of the explosion? l was in my rack. Asleep. Did anyone see you, sir? l don't know. l was asleep. Lieutenant, is it true that you and the Chief are involved in a romantic and physical relationship in violation of the Colonial Code of Military Conduct? l thought this was about. . . Just answer the question, please. Are you and the Chief involved in a relationship? No. The XO ordered us to put a stop to it, so we did. Sir, can you testify as to the whereabouts of Chief Petty Officer Tyrol at the time of the bombing? l have no idea where he was. Thank you, sir. You're excused, Lieutenant. But l'm sure he had nothing to do with the bombing. . . You are excused, Lieutenant. Bring in the next witness, please. HADRlAN: The testimony you give before this tribunal may be used to adjudicate your guilt or innocence in the matter under investigation. Do you understand? Yes. The matter being investigated is first, how a Cylon penetrated Galactica's security system and second, whether one of Galactica's crew members aided and abetted this crime through conspiracy and collusion with the Cylons. Collusion with the Cylons? Do you consent to give your testimony freely without invoking your right to remain silent as provided for under the 23rd Article of Colonization? l do. Then let's begin. They're going after the Chief. They're going after the Cylons. What the hell does that mean? Wake up. The world's changed while you were asleep, little man. Frak you. Cylons look like people. That means anyone. Anyone. Not the Chief. How do you know? l know. This is stupid. You two just don't want to deal with reality. You want to keep your heads buried in the sand. That's exactly what the Cylons want. For us to turn on each other. Start getting suspicious, paranoid. She's right. lf we don't believe in each other then we don't guard each other's backs when the heat comes down. That kind of thinking is over. lt's every man for himself now. You better watch your backs. HADRlAN: You had the mid-watch before the bombing, correct? Yes. Would you please explain to the tribunal what you do on watch? TYROL: l walk the perimeter of the Hangar Deck, the tool rooms, storage facilities. To make sure all hatches are sealed? TYROL: Yes. That no unauthorized personnel is poking around where they shouldn't? That's right. And there was no one on the Hangar Deck that night. l believe that's what your log says. What about the hatch combing for Causeway C? Anybody see you? No. l went through the hatch combing on C Causeway. Your log indicates that all hatches and portals were locked and sealed. lf that's what the log indicates, then that's the case. Which would include the hatch combing for Causeway C? l don't know where the Sergeant is going with this, but they're not related. What if l told you that l found the hatch open after the bombing? l would say that l don't know how that's possible. lt's not just any hatch on the Hangar Deck. lt opens onto a causeway which leads directly to a small arms locker where a Marine guard was found dead at the scene. The locker was opened with the correct code. Do you have the correct code to that locker, Chief? Yes, l do, as do dozens of others, including the guard. lt's possible the Cylon forced the guard to open it before he killed him. l'd like to take this opportunity to state that that was an internal security matter. And internal security falls under the purview of the Master-at-Arms. And the Master-at-Arms is Sergeant Hadrian. Did Lieutenant Valerii leave the hatch combing open last night? l have no idea who left the hatch combing open last night. Chief, were you doing paperwork at the time of the bombing? No. Were you working on a Viper at that time? No. Were you watching a pick-up game of Pyramid in the mess hall at the time of the bombing? No! As l told you earlier today, l was asleep in my rack. Then why do l have three different statements from three of your deckhands stating variously that they all saw you and you were anywhere but in your rack? Chief Tyrol, where were you at the time of the bombing? Were you, in fact, meeting with a Cylon agent? l exercise my right under Article 23. By invoking the 23rd Article at this time, the tribunal will look on this as further evidence of your guilt. So l will ask you one last time. Who were you with at the time of the bombing and was this person a Cylon agent? HADRlAN: Specialist, your sworn statement indicates that you were on watch at the time of the bombing and that you saw Chief Tyrol work on one of the Vipers. ls that true? Yes, sir. Specialist, can you explain to us why Chief Tyrol told us in his testimony that he was in his rack asleep at the time of the bombing? Speak up, Specialist. He said that? Did you see him, or didn't you? Specialist! No, l did not, sir. So the Chief did not come to the Hangar Deck after all? l don't know. l left my post. Excuse me? l left my post, sir. l ducked out to get a smoke. l went to the galley to get some chow. The Chief, l mean, l don't know where he was. l'm sure he was asleep in his rack, just like he said. You went to the galley? Yes, sir. Did you go through the hatch combing on C Deck? Well, to get to the galley, that would be the best way. Yes, sir, l went through that hatch. Did you leave it open? l'm not sure. Yes, sir. l think l did. Look, the Chief had nothing to do with it. lt was me. l left my post and l left the hatch open. lt was me. Just me. You realize, don't you, that by leaving the hatch open you allowed a Cylon to gain access to a small arms locker? Yes, sir. Specialist, did Chief Tyrol instruct you to leave the hatch open deliberately as part of a conspiracy to allow the Cylon to gain access to the small arms locker? The Chief is innocent. He didn't do anything. Specialist, did you leave the hatch open deliberately? Yes, sir. Whatever happened, it was me. Just me. (GRUNTS) South. You overestimated his willingness to risk himself for you. He just doesn't love you. Wait. North. Toward his love. Seems you made an impression after all. He's a good man. He always does the right thing. Are you prepared for the next step? Yes. Hello, Lieutenant. Doctor. l brought you a cigar. A recovery gift. How are you? l'm good. The food is good, company is better. Yes, l just happened to be absolutely nowhere near Sickbay. l thought l would see how you were doing. So, Doctor, your super-secret project's on C Deck, right? l'm not at liberty to divulge exactly what l am doing on C Deck. But you're more than welcome to pop by once you're ambulatory. The bomber was on C Deck, right? Yes, l know. l heard the explosion. Very frightening. Do you think that's where he was headed? l'm sorry. l didn't follow you. The Cylon bomber? Do you think that he was trying to blow up your project? NO. 6: And you along with it? lt's funny. l hadn't thought of that. Kind of hits you where you live, huh? Yes, it does, actually. You get well soon. They're trying to kill me. Me, always me. They're trying to destroy your work. Destroying you is an added bonus. But why? That's what l don't understand. Why are they trying to blow me up? You told me what to do in the first place. l wouldn't be making this Cylon detector if it wasn't for you. But l'm just in your head, Gaius. They don't know about me, or us, or our life together. How romantic. l'm going to have to destroy that Cylon detector myself. Blame the sabotage on Cylon agents. That's what l'll tell Adama. (BALTAR EXCLAlMS) No, you won't. You're going to complete the project, just like l told you. Really? Will l? Or what? Don't make me angry, Gaius. You wouldn't like me when l'm angry. DORAL: Sharon. (GRUNTS) NO. 6: ls that enough? No, Sharon wouldn't give up without a much harder fight. (GROANS) ADAMA: Did you read the tribunal report? ROSLlN ON TELEPHONE: Yes. And I'm sorry to read that one of your men has been charged with conspiracy and collusion with a Cylon agent. Specialist Socinus. But after reading the transcripts, I have my doubts. What about this other man, your Chief Tyrol? He took the 23rd. What is that about, do you think? lt's his right. The courts have never held that invoking the right to remain silent can be used as evidence of guilt. You sound like a lawyer. My father was a lawyer. Civil liberties. Let's set aside the legalities for a moment. Obviously, you are defending your man. l respect that, l do. But he is hiding something. Chief Tyrol has been under my command for over five years. And if he really wanted to take this ship down, he could. l think this is over. (DOOR OPENlNG) Madam President, l'm going to have to call you right back. What? l have orders to bring you before the tribunal, sir. Let's go. (PANTlNG) (GRUNTlNG) (ELECTRlC BUZZlNG) (PANTlNG) (BOOMER MOANlNG) lt's okay. (CRYlNG) Helo. What's happening? (SHUSHlNG) Can you walk? l think so. Come on. Okay. Now we're even. (PANTlNG) l think we should go. Right. Okay. HELO: Come on. lt's going to be all right. You're going to be just fine. HADRlAN: Commander Adama, when did you first learn the truth about the Cylons? On Ragnar Station, before we left. And you chose to withhold this crucial information, sir? Yes. Why? l felt that to alarm the public would only cause chaos and panic. But you also withheld the information from your own security detachment aboard ship, sir. Not knowing who to trust, l decided to keep the information compartmentalized for the time being. Sir, isn't it true that had we known that the Cylons appeared human different security procedures would have been followed? Probably. But l had to weigh the possible ramifications of both. But isn't it also true, sir, that had different procedures been followed the bombing may have been prevented? That's speculative. l'm asking if it's possible. l know what you're asking, Sergeant. l will not speculate as to what might have happened. Do you personally believe that a Cylon agent planted explosives in the ship's water tank? Yes. Do you believe that there are Cylon agents aboard ship even as we speak? Yes, l do. Sir, isn't it true that you knew that Lieutenant Valerii and Chief Tyrol were having an illicit relationship in violation of regulations? l don't see the relevance of this line of questioning, Sergeant. The Commander should bear in mind that my questions are not subject to Commander's review. Why did you allow the relationship to continue knowing it was against regulations? l'm a soft touch. Sir, are you aware of the fact that both Lieutenant Valerii and Chief Tyrol have been implicated as possibly being in collusion with the Cylons? l'm aware of the allegations. Where are you going with this? l will ask the questions, sir. lsn't it true that by allowing their relationship to continue in violation of regulations you may have made it possible for two Cylon collaborators to compromise the safety and security of this ship? (SlGHS) We're done here. Excuse me, sir, but my questions are not finished. You've lost your way, Sergeant. You've lost sight of the purpose of the law. To protect its citizens, not persecute them. Whatever we are, whatever is left of us, we're better than that. Now these proceedings are closed. You'll be transported back to your ships, and we appreciate your help. MYSON: Commander. This is an independent board. You have no authority to close our inquiry. This is a witch hunt. l will not have it aboard my ship. Corporal of the guard ! Restrain the Commander and return him to the witness chair. Your orders are to escort Sergeant Hadrian back to her quarters and keep her in confinement until further notice. Make your choice, son. Sergeant Hadrian, you'll come with us, please. (lNDlSTlNCT CHATTER) MAN: She's just about to speak. Yes, l tried to get an interview with her myself. Good evening, have a seat. The investigation into the suicide bombing aboard Galactica and how it was allowed to occur, has come to a close. ROSLlN: You are all aware that the bomber was a Cylon agent. The tribunal has determined that the Cylon gained access to the expIosives by going through a hatch door in the Hangar Deck of the ship. This door was Ieft open due to negIigence of one of the ship's crewmen. His name is Specialist Socinus. He has confessed to Iying under oath and dereliction of duty in time of war. He has been stripped of his rank and confined to the Brig. At this point, we have no reason to believe that there were any other parties responsibIe. Now I'II take your questions. You, sir. Commander, permission to enter? What is it, Chief? Thank you, sir. Sir, l believe that Socinus. . . l believe that his confession was a lie. l think that he's covering for me. For you? l think that he's doing this out of a sense of misplaced loyalty to me. Somewhere in this there's truth. Care to take me to it? Sir, l was with Lieutenant Valerii at the time of the bombing. The deck gang, they all knew it. They've known all along. They're trying to cover for me. They started lying. Socinus. . . l don't know. l think that he thinks he's helping protect me by taking a fall like this. You don't really know whether he was on duty or not, do you? Commander, he's innocent. l know that much. l should be in the Brig. Well, that's a fact. You should be in the Brig. Commander, this isn't right. You can't let an innocent kid. . . l can't? What l can't do is, l can't let someone that wears this uniform get on the witness stand and lie under oath. And that's what your man did. He either lied the first time or he lied the second time. And it doesn't matter. He's guilty and he'll pay the price. You? You'll pay a different price. You'll have to walk out on that Hangar Deck every day knowing that one of your men is in the Brig because you couldn't keep your fly zipped. You're the most experienced noncommissioned officer we have left. You keep my planes flying. l need my planes to fly. Dismissed. Sir. Sharon, no. What? Sharon, we're done. lt's over. What do you mean it's over? l love you. l really do. l'm sorry. Wait a minute. l deserve more of an explanation than that. Sure. One of my men is in the Brig. He confessed to a crime he didn't commit, to protect me, to protect us. There can be no more "us." No more secrets, no more lies, that's it. lt's over. l can't believe you can just turn your back on us. l put everything on the line for you. Everything. l cover for you, l protect you. l risked my career, my freedom, my integrity, for what? So some innocent kid, one of my kids, can take the fall for me? No! We are not worth that. Okay. Right. l guess l'll see you around. One more thing. Did you leave the hatch combing open last night? What? Did you leave the hatch combing open last night? What are you saying? That l helped the Cylon? l didn't say anything. l'm just asking you a question. l think l deserve an answer. You have the only answer you're ever going to get. (THEME MUSlC) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 