Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e5 - You Can't Go Home Again - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 5 - You Can't Go Home Again - full transcript 
 Starbuck is shot down after the battle with the eight Cylon raiders. Hotdog thinks she was still maneuvering and this gives commander Adama the idea that she might still be alive. He launches a full scale rescue mission. Starbuck has crash landed on a moon. She tries to attract the attention of rescue parties by moving to higher ground. The search isn't going well however and Starbuck's oxygen supply is running out. The mission is hindered by low visibility, high rates of fuel use and on top of that the vipers are beginning to malfunction due to the atmosphere. But Adama seems obsessed with the rescue. He orders more and more attempts, even if that will endanger the security of the fleet at a Cylon attack. Meanwhile on Caprica, Helo's shelter is attacked by a Centurion. He and the Cylon Boomer are intentionally separated. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE NARRATOR: Previously on Battlestar Galactica. (DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC) Zak failed basic flight. And l should have flunked him, but l didn't. The bottom line is that l killed him. Walk out of this cabin while you still can. l don't get it. How does a military coded signal end up coming from in here? (LAUGHlNG) Food. GAETA: It's the CyIons. DUALLA: Starbuck's wireless and transponder just cut out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 TlGH: Starbuck's gonna take on all eight. And get herself killed. Galactica, Boomer. Hot Dog's aboard. Yeah, so is his lunch. Take it easy, Hot Dog. You're not the first to lose it in combat. You won't be the last. No sign of Starbuck. He says she was hit, but still in the fight when he lost track of her. DUALLA: Roger that, Boomer. Search and rescue ops are underway for Starbuck. Bring Hot Dog in. The oId man wants to taIk to him. ADAMA: This is where you found him? Yes, sir, he drifted quite a ways from the fight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Was she maneuvering? l think so. Yes. Yes, sir. So she survived the initial hits. She could still be alive. She is alive, Lieutenant. We're gonna find her. Yes, sir. Get this man to Sickbay. Yes, sir. l think you earned those today. The auxiliary RT switch is sticking a bit, sir, but she'll fly. Polish up the canopy. l want it crystal clear. Yes, sir. (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) (ENGlNE STARTlNG) Find her. l will. (WlND HOWLlNG) (EXCLAlMS) (GRUNTlNG) (GROANlNG) (SlGHlNG) (STARBUCK PANTlNG) (COUGHlNG) (GROANlNG) (WlND HOWLlNG) (THEME MUSIC) GAETA: Still no joy from the search teams, sir. ln the last four hours we've combed everywhere within a 200 click sphere of Starbuck's last known position. No ship, no ejection seat, no debris. So we're extending the radius another 50. We need more pilots. Everybody who can fly is up, sir. What about Starbuck's course computations? The variables of combat maneuvering make them almost meaningless, sir. lt's time to start guessing. Yes, sir. Since there's been no dradis contact in the area, l would have to guess that her Viper was captured by the gravity of a planetary body. The only nearby gravity wells are the gas giant and this moon. lf the gas giant pulled her in, its radiation would fry her like an egg. What about the moon? The spectroscope people call the atmosphere as CO2, methane, some argon. The clouds are mostly hydrocarbons. lt's cold as hell down there, but she could survive on the surface. Until her oxygen runs out. When? GAETA: 46 hours and change, sir. (BEEPlNG) That's a hell of a long time to stay in one place. What if the Cylons appear? They won't, not for a while. What makes you say that? Sending a patrol instead of the base ship tells me they didn't even know we were here. So they're searching a lot of other places, places with potential supplies. Like staking out water holes in the desert. lf we sent eight fighters to search an entire star system for 60-odd ships, it would take us weeks. Assume they're better and faster. lt'll take them days. A lot of assumptions you're making. Educated guess. Talk to me about searching the moon. That's going to be slow going. We can't see squat through those clouds. Send the ships below the cloud cover. Tell the pilots to take a hard look the old-fashioned way. Mark One Eyeball, sir? Mark One Eyeball. Commander, call from Colonial One. Adama. Commander Adama, l don't wanna take much of your time. l just wanted to say how happy we all are you found one of your pilots. ADAMA: Thank you, Madam President. How is the search progressing for the other pilot? Nothing yet, but we've just begun. ROSLIN: I've spoken with the other captains in the fIeet. They've agreed to give over their ships at your disposal if it'll increase the odds of finding her. Frak the odds. We're going to find her. Excuse me. Thank you. Tell them we could sure use the help. l'll coordinate their efforts with your ClC. Continued good luck. Thank you. (SlGHS) So it looks like we're going to be staying here for a while. (GROANS) (CLEARS THROAT) You all right? Yeah, l'm fine, it's just a. . . How long you think it will be before the Cylons wonder what happened to their missing patrol, and send another one here to look for it? You have attacked us hundreds of times. We're still here. l think you'll find that we are more than adequately protected. Might be a little tricky with the fleet scattered over half this system, looking for the lost pilot. How many days till the Cylons return, Gaius? One? Two? Three at the most? Doctor? Your requisitions. Thank you. Madam President, l don't mean to be impertinent, really, but, do you honestly think this is wise? You are compromising the security of the entire fleet while we search for one solitary pilot. lt is a risk, but those pilots put their lives on the line for us every day. Yes. l was just saying that, to. . . l'm not insensitive to that, is what l'm saying. l happen to know the missing pilot personally. Not as personally as you'd like. Guess you'll never get to find out if she's a real blonde. Which makes it all the more difficult for me, because on one hand l think of the pilot. And then on the other hand l think of the thousands of defenseless women. And children, l meant. Throughout the fleet. l am sure Commander Adama has considered all of this. Thank you, Doctor. Yes, of course he has. Of course he has. Thank you. (SlGHS) (WlND HOWLlNG) (STARBUCK SlGHS) lt's okay. lt's okay, it's okay, it's okay. (DEVlCE BEEPS) Okay, get to higher ground. Then they see you. Then they rescue you. (METAL SQUEAKlNG) Apollo, Galactica, we are being bounced around like beach balls down here. Visibility about two, best spectrum. DUALLA: Copy, ApoIIo. Whoa! Blue Flight, go vertical now! (RADlO TUNlNG) (MOANS) Anything? No. l don't think anyone's left out there. Must be someone. We can't be the only two people left in the world. The good news is my leg's much better and we've got anti-radiation meds to last three months. l say we load up as much food as we can and. . . Move out. Try to find a Raptor or a transport or something we can fly off Caprica. Unless you can think of a reason to stay. Not really looking forward to going back out there. l've almost started to think of this place as home. Home. (CHUCKLES) No, sleep a little longer. Who knows when we'll find clean sheets again? l'm going to go topside and make some breakfast. Breakfast. (HELO WHlSTLlNG) (GLASS SHATTERlNG) (CYLON APPROACHlNG) (BEEPS) Hey, is breakfast ready? Get out of here! Go! (GUNS FlRlNG) Lords, it's Kara Thrace. l'm running a little low on O2 and l could use a lucky break. (WlND HOWLlNG) No? Okay, just thought l'd mention it. Oh, frak. (SlGHS) (GRUNTS) (LAUGHlNG) Not bad shooting, if l do say so myself. Lords, l owe you one. Looks like l found my ride out of here. lf l can fix you up. (RADlO BEEPlNG) Galactica, Apollo. Bingo fuel. DUALLA: Roger, Apollo. Return to base. Can't you tank me in orbit? Negative, Apollo. The tankers are refilling. You'll be dry before they can launch. (GRUNTS) Are these figures correct? Yes, sir. Atmospheric ops mean Viper and Raptor engines run continuously. Fuel's going to be a real problem if we keep it up. ADAMA: Any report from the civilian ships? Nothing. They're spread pretty far out. We'll have a hell of a time trying to cover them if the Cylons pop in. We should consider pulling the civvies into a defensible formation. No. Keep all the ships on the search. We've left enough people behind. l don't wanna leave Starbuck behind. l'm just saying, committing the entire fleet to this. . . l said no! We are going to find our missing pilot and we're going to bring her home. We leave no one behind. Resume your duties. (UTENSlLS RATTLlNG) (SlGHS) Sharon? (HELO PANTlNG) Sharon, where are you? Damn it, Sharon, where are you? Sharon ! (WlND HOWLlNG) Sharon ! (GRUNTS) (EXCLAlMS) Frak me. Are you alive? (GASPS) (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) What the hell happened this time, Captain? l hit the roll thrusters to level off for set down but only the left one fired. TYROL: lt's that crap you're flying into down there. Gums everything up. Get me another Viper. Love to, Captain, but this is 1 3 Vipers that are down, plus your Mark Vll. l'm out. Damn it, l've got a pilot down and l need another Viper now. l realize that, Captain. But you can push people a hell of a lot further than you can push machines. l'm the CAG, you're the Chief. Just make it happen. Commander, the clock has passed five hours, sir, for Starbuck's O2 supply. Noted. Here's the photo mosaic for the area we searched so far. We've got to do better than this. Can't see very far when you're hugging the ground. You can't see anything at all from altitude. Not to mention the crap in the air that keeps screwing up our ships. 1 3 Vipers down for repairs. We need more eyes. Where we going to get them? Pull the CAP. What? Redeploy the Combat Air Patrol to the search. Bad idea. The CAP is the fleet's only defense. lf all Vipers are frakking around on the moon when the Cylons come calling, we're maggot meat. Then bring the fleet closer to the moon. We can always scramble the Vipers from the search to meet any attack. You've got to be kidding. Bottom line, we can double the area we can search in the time we have left. Starbuck would be the first one to tell you not to do this. Nothing would make you happier, would it? Leave her behind. Get rid of the foul-mouthed insubordinate pilot that keeps challenging your authority. You are way out of line, mister. l'm not the one confusing personal feelings with duty. Oh, yeah? What the hell does that mean? lt means you are way too close to this because she's your friend. Gentlemen ! We have work to do. Captain. Get as many birds up in the air as you can and we find our girl. You got it. Oh, my gods. You bite me, l'll bite you back. So l guess the only thing flying you is you. This must be your brain. (GRUNTlNG) l don't think you'll need it. Good thing that l brought one of my own. (SQUlSHlNG) (PANTlNG) Frak. (GASPlNG) Even cockroaches have to breathe. How the hell do you? Captain. Call for you, sir. Can someone finish this up for me? Where is it? That way. Yeah, Apollo. BILLY: HoId for President RosIin. ROSLIN: How're you holding up? Better than my Viper. We're slapping one together from pieces of the others. l need your help. Did you know that your father just redeployed the Combat Air Patrol? Yes, Madam President. lt was my idea. Your idea? We need every Viper we've got. Maybe l'm missing something about the tactics invoIved here but isn't the fleet defenseless without the CAP? OnIy for a short time. Because after that. . . Because after that, Kara's oxygen will be gone and she'll be dead. Are you very close with Lieutenant Thrace? l'm close with all my pilots. And l assume the same is true for your father? His pilots mean a lot to him. To all of us. We don't leave anyone behind. But we have left people behind. You know that. Not this time. Your FTL drive should be spun up and ready. Just make sure everyone is set to jump at the first sign of trouble. With all due respect, Captain, there are times when it is necessary for the safety of the fleet to put. . . Not this time. Madam President, we just haven't exhausted all the options and the safety of the fleet has not been compromised. l hope you find her. Thank you. Blue Flight reports bingo fuel, sir. Have them stay on the search. Send the tanker to them. (TlMER BLEEPlNG) ls there a problem, Mr. Gaeta? lt's just that trying to tank in that turbulence, sir, will be extremely hairy. l suggest we wait until the clock has run down and then tank up on the way back tom GaIactica. Did someone call them back to Galactica? l just assumed. . . The search was over? lt was hopeless? That we should write Starbuck off as dead? ls that what you're telling me, Mr. Gaeta? No, sir. Then what are you trying to tell me, Mr. Gaeta? ALARM BUZZlNG) You have your orders. Yes, sir. Time's up. She's out of O2. The clock is a guess. We don't know for a fact that Starbuck is out of air. Her tank only holds so much oxygen. She could have a reserve supply in her survival gear. A reserve? Yes. What, she just happened to pack an extra bottle today? lt's possible. We are putting people at risk. We have pilots out there. . . We are not quitting. . . .pushing themselves and their ships too hard, all for the sake of. . . We are not quitting and you are relieved, Colonel. l stand relieved, sir. (GASPlNG) (SQUlSHlNG) (GASPlNG) Come on, you're part biological, right? Which means you need oxygen, right? So it's got to be here somewhere. AlR HlSSlNG) (GASPlNG) Commander, the President. Adama. Commander Adama, l just wanted to say how very sorry l am about Lieutenant Thrace. Please give my condolences to your son and to the rest of the crew. Excuse me, ma'am, but l think you've been misinformed. How? We don't know if Starbuck's dead. I was toId that her oxygen had run out a half an hour ago. That's an estimate. She may have a reserve supply. We'll continue the search as long as there's a chance she may be alive. And how long will that be? Until l say stop. This is a military decision, Madam President. Thank you for your concern. (WlND HOWLlNG) First on the list, seal you up, figure out what controls what. (GRUNTlNG) One of us needs a bath. (EXCLAlMS) Now you're going to teach me how to fly. APOLLO: Commander? Red Flight reports an area of highlands here. lncreased visibility out to 1 5 clicks maybe. lt's the wrong side of the moon. Excuse me, Commander. . . Almost impossible to. . . We have a signal from Colonial One's shuttle. They request permission to land. They have the President on board. Why wasn't l notified the President was coming onboard? There was no advance notice, sir. l didn't know she was coming. Let's go. Have Colonel Tigh meet her at the airlock. Bring her to my quarters, please. Very well. Every flying machine has four basic controls: Power, pitch, yaw, and roll. Where are yours? (SQUlSHlNG) (GUNS FlRlNG) Safety tip number one: Don't touch that. Are you going to order us to stop the search? l came here to talk, not to give orders. lt may take an order. Why? Col. Tigh, do l need to know something? lt's gone beyond military needs. lt's personal for the Commander and for Lee. Because of Lieutenant Thrace? Because of her, and because of Zak Adama. The Commander's dead son. lt's complicated. Take about three weeks to explain. We've got about three minutes. Talk fast. She's going to press. l'm with you. President Roslin. ADAMA: Madam President. Skip the formalities. You both know why l'm here. Termination of a pilot's rescue mission is a military decision. That's a bunch of crap. This isn't military, it's personal. Neither of you can let go of Kara Thrace because she's your last link to Zak. You don't know anything about my brother. Don't even begin, Captain. You've lost perspective. As have you. Under normal circumstances it would just be sad that the two of you can't come to terms with Zak's death. ln this situation you're putting your pilots at risk and you're exposing the entire fleet to possible attack every moment we stay here. We've been at risk of an attack since day one. The Cylons won't be missing their patrol for at least one more day. Col. Tigh, how much aviation fuel has been expended in this operation? Forty-three percent of reserves. Almost half. That's unacceptable. Operations in the moon's atmosphere have put one third of your fighters out of action. That is also completely unacceptable. "Crap." "Unacceptable." Whatever it is you feel about this, the recovery of one pilot is a military matter. All right. lt's military. Fine. And you're both officers. And you're both honorable men. And you're both perfectly aware that you are putting the lives of over 45,000 people and the future of this civilization at risk for your personal feelings. Now if the two of you, of all people, can live with that, then the human race doesn't stand a chance. Clear your heads. Combat. Stand by. This is the Commander. Terminate search operations. Bring everyone home. Prepare the fleet to make a jump to the next system. We're leaving. Okay, so it either works or it doesn't. (ENGlNE STARTlNG) (LAUGHlNG) Okay, it's power, roll, pitch, and yaw. We have control. Take me home. (LAUGHlNG) You stink, but you're one hell of a flying machine. l want you to know, l think she's wrong. l think we have come to terms with what happened to Zak. l haven't. l need to know something. Why did you do this? Why did we do this? ls it for Kara? For Zak? What? Kara was family. You do whatever you have to do. Sometimes you break the rules. And if it was me down there instead? You don't have to ask that. Are you sure? lf it were you we'd never leave. (SlGHS) Colonel. Commander. Resume your duties. Sir, fighters are aboard, sir. Civilian ships have begun their jumps to the next star system. Give the word, we'll start our clock. Start the clock. Mr. Gaeta, start the clock. GAETA: Starting clock. Madam President, would you like to return to your ship? Thank you, l'll stay here. l'd like to see how the professionals do it. As you wish. Execute jump, Lieutenant Gaeta. Aye, sir. Jump clock is running. Navigation? MAN 1 : Go. FTL? WOMAN: Go. Tactical? MAN 2: Go. Flight Ops? Contact. Dradis contact. lncoming, bearing 060, carom 308. Hold count. Count held. Contact is. . . MAN: Holding count. (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG) Well? Cylon Raider, sir. You're right. lt's just a matter of time. He's on an intercept course. He'll be on us before we complete the jump. Action stations, launch Vipers. TIGH: Action stations. Launch alert, fighters. CyIon Raider approaching. ALARM BLARlNG) Now look before you shoot, please. GAETA: Gun captains report weapons manned and ready. Where the hell are the Vipers? DUALLA: Most are being fuelled. Hot Dog and Apollo are in the tubes. OFFlCER: Viper l, cIear forward. Navcon Green, intervaI faiIure. Abort Iaunch. Frak! l guess l'm going solo. Why only one Cylon this time? lt could be a lone recon mission or the vanguard for a Cylon base ship about to jump on top of us. Either way, we're going to have to take it out before we can jump. Galactica, Apollo. Target in sight. You idiot. Didn't anybody teach you intercept protocol? Okay, we're going to have to do this the hard way then. This bastard's good. They're closing fast. Port guns have a firing solution. Very well. Hold still, you little. . . No cigar for you. Just a little bit closer. Not that close! What the. . . I've Iost him. Galactica, l repeat, he is nowhere to be seen. Dradis. No help. Their reports have merged. Launch tube status? Still fouled. We'll have a Viper away in 45 seconds. This will be over in 45 seconds. Holy. . . Galactica, the Cylon is now flying in formation with me right above my head. This thing is acting weird. Put me through. (LAUGHlNG) It's Starbuck! What? Come again, Apollo? Galactica, the Cylon Raider is marked "Starbuck." It's written under the frakking wing. ALL CHEERlNG) (PEOPLE WHlSTLlNG) Bring it into the bay. lf it does anything, take it out. Wilco, Galactica, but l tell you what, it's got to be her. This thing is flying with some serious attitude. (APOLLO LAUGHING) (MAN CHATTERlNG) Now your ass belongs to me. Like my new toy? Boy, when you take a souvenir, you don't screw around. Oh, my God, you smell like a latrine. You want to give me a bath? (LAUGHlNG) How're you feeling? Been a hell of a lot worse. Don't have any ambrosia, but the Doc can fix you up with some really nice stuff. lt's not bad, is it? The knee? Doc says it's too early to tell, but knowing you, you'll be fine. Kara. Yeah? You did good. You did real good. (SlGHS) Need anything? A stogie would be nice. l had a feeling. (LAUGHS) lt's my last one, so enjoy it. Thank you. Get some rest. (THEME MUSIC) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 