Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e10 - The Hand of God - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Hand of God - full transcript 
 The fleet is running out of tylium fuel and will soon not have enough to keep running from the Cylons, when they find an asteroid with several years worth of tylium ore...unfortunately, the Cylons have already built a mining base on it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE NARRATOR: PreviousIy on Battlestar Galactica.  (DRAMATlC lNSTRUMENTAL MUSlC)  COTTLE: But your doctor back on Caprica was right.  lt's too damn late to operate,  the cancer is too far advanced.  Have you ever heard of Chamalla extract?  lt means that you're still acting  like you're everyone's best friend.  We're not friends, you're the CAG.  The Chief wanted me to kick your ass out of bed.  But, clearly, you still need the rest.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Take your time. No rush.  l need new pilots.  And l want you to train them.  l can do that.  They slipped through. How's that possible?  She thinks she loves him now.  That she can't live without him.  lt bothers you, doesn't it?  We'll get them in the end.  l can assure you, the fuel shortage is our number one priority.  Galactica has ships scouring the nearby star systems  and we can anticipate that they will soon find tylium.  Hamilton?  Madam President, tylium ore is extremely rare.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 lf we don't find any, how long before the fleet runs out of fuel?  That all depends on how well we conserve.  PLAYA: lsn't it a fact, Madam President,  that we only have enough for two more jumps?  Yes. That is correct.  Do we have a contingency plan if we run out of tylium?  (REPORTERS CHATTERlNG)  (HlSSlNG)  We would. . .  lf that were to happen,  we would use our last fuel  to jump to the nearest planetary system.  And pray we're lucky enough to find a habitable planet.  Madam President, without fuel to take  even the most basic evasive maneuvers. . .  No. . .  PLAYA: Wouldn't we be like ducks in a Cylon shooting gallery?  Yes, we would.  (HlSSlNG)  (CLEARlNG THROAT)  ROSLlN: l'm. . .  l'm sorry.  That is all for now.  (REPORTERS CHATTERlNG)  CRASHDOWN: Commencing sweep 87 of asteroid field.  (BEEPS)  BOOMER: Any luck?  (SlGHlNG) How many times are you going to ask me that, Boomer?  Until you find some tylium ore.  Don't you want to be a hero to Ensign Davis? Hmm?  (GROANlNG)  You haven't noticed how she always sits next to you in the mess?  (CHUCKLlNG) "How's it going, Crash? You're so cute!"  Damn it. There's so much debris  in this system, the dradis is useless.  This is going to take 1 00 years.  l heard about how you found water, how you saved the whole fleet. . .  (BANGlNG)  (SCOFFS)  (BEEPlNG)  (CHUCKLlNG)  (LAUGHS)  Jackpot, Boomer. That asteroid dead ahead is a mountain of tylium.  (GASPS)  (LAUGHlNG)  Check it!  (EXCLAlMS)  Thank the Gods! We're heroes. Yeah.  "We're heroes." lt never fails.  Great, Boomer, the second that l score,  the bus driver jumps in and takes the credit.  Okay, so who's the one that we suggest. . .  What?  Cylons.  The rock's crawling with them.  We are well and truly frakked.  Only tylium within 1 2 light years  and we've got to kiss it goodbye.  Yeah, along with our asses if we don't get out of here fast.  (THEME MUSlC)  (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)  TlGH: lt figures the Cylons would be sitting  on the only source of fuel within our reach.  Still staking out every waterhole in the desert.  Only this time it's a lake, with enough tylium to last us a couple of years.  APOLLO: This must be some kind of conveyor belt  to get the ore from the mine here  into this cracking plant here.  GAETA: A refinery this far from their home world?  Why not? They need fuel as much as we do.  Now they've got it.  And enough firepower to keep it.  All right. So we forget this asteroid, find another source.  You can bet your ass the Cylons will be guarding that one, too.  So, we send the Raptors out farther.  Ten, fifteen jumps, find a source they haven't reached yet.  TlGH: And use up all our fuel doing it.  How're we going to get our refinery ship. . .  We take the tylium from the Cylons.  With all respect, this is hardly a time to attack a superior force.  This is exactly the time.  We know where they are. They don't know where we are.  We'll catch them with their pants down.  lf we fail?  End of game.  So we don't fail.  When the missile gets close enough,  you'll be pulling maybe 7 G's.  But to catch you, the bastard's going to have to pile on 40 to 60.  lts guidance system can't hack it, and it'll miss,  most of the time.  Exactly how often is "most of the time"?  (DOOR CLANKlNG OPEN)  lt depends on your judgment, and how well you pray.  Attention on deck.  ADAMA: As you were.  Lieutenant Thrace, can l have a word?  STARBUCK: Of course. Take five, guys.  What's up? How are they doing?  Wobbly as newborn colts, but they're getting stronger.  That's good. Hmm.  Got a job for you.  (CHUCKLES)  Rumor mill has it that you're planning an op.  Rumor mill's right for a change.  Captain Adama and Colonel Tigh are working up the plan now  and l need some serious out-of-the-box thinking.  Out-of-the-box is where l live.  l've been taking Chamalla for a medical condition.  So what have you seen?  lt started out as dreams of the Cylon that we had executed.  But l had the dreams before we captured him.  The images were. . .  Prescient?  Uncanny.  And now l'm seeing things while l'm awake.  What kind of things?  Snakes.  There were snakes crawling all over  my podium during a press conference.  How many?  About a dozen.  (SlGHlNG)  You're kidding, right?  You read Pythia, and now you're having me on.  No.  Who is Pythia?  One of the oracles in the sacred scrolls.  3,600 years ago,  Pythia wrote about the exile and the rebirth of the human race.  And the Lords anointed a leader  to guide the caravan of the heavens to their new homeland.  And unto the leader they gave a vision  of serpents, numbering two and ten  as a sign of things to come.  Pythia wrote that?  She also wrote that the new leader suffered a wasting disease  and would not live to enter the new land.  But you're not dying. Are you?  APOLLO: And that will allow the attack force  to wipe out these installations here.  Now, if we do it right, there will be not be any Cylon survivors.  And the asteroid will be ours.  ADAMA: What do you think, Starbuck?  lt's a textbook-perfect plan, which is why it won't work.  TlGH: (CHUCKLlNG) Of course. We bow to your vast experience in strategic planning.  Refresh my memory. What year was it  that you graduated from war college?  What's the matter, Colonel, married life not all you expected?  That's enough. Both of you.  We're not going to win this one by the book.  l want Starbuck in here  because she's not weighed down by conventional thinking.  All due respect, gentlemen, we're not as crazy as she is.  Okay. So what would you do differently?  To start,  jumping Galactica in behind the planetoid  to hide it from the Cylon base is an obvious move.  You think they'll be covering their blind spot with recon patrols?  l would, if l were them.  What we need to do is make their patrols part of our plan, you know?  Make their tactics work for us.  Here's what l would do.  At position code Deacon,  we'll need three civilian freighter ships to use as decoys.  Which means those passengers will have to be relocated to other ships  which are already overcrowded.  Yes, if you approve.  The decoy ships will jump into the enemy star system  at extreme radar range from the Cylon asteroid.  Galactica will jump here,  close enough to launch its Vipers at the base.  Soon as the decoy freighters arrive in the system,  they'll break wireless silence.  They'll be posing as a mining fleet coming after the tylium  and pretend to be unaware of the Cylon presence.  STARBUCK: The Cylons will hear the messages  and send a force of Raiders after them.  This will leave the base relatively undefended.  We'll have Raptors pre-positioned to keep an eye on the Cylons.  When the Cylons move toward the decoys,  Galactica's Vipers will come in from behind, and obliterate the base.  Without the base, they'll be unable to rearm, refuel.  We'll mop them up, and then we'll take the tylium.  What happens to the crews on the civilian decoy ships?  They'll keep their FTL drives spooled up,  and just jump clear the first sign of trouble.  How many casualties do we anticipate?  lt'll cost us.  lf you succeed, what's to prevent the Cylons  from coming back with reinforcements?  ADAMA: Nothing.  But if we get a chance to knock out that base  it'll buy us some time.  ROSLlN: Why?  lf you keep running from the schoolyard bully  he keeps on chasing you. But the moment you turn around and stop  and you punch him really hard in a sensitive spot,  he'll think twice about coming back again.  So it's either this, or run out of fuel and be annihilated.  Sometimes you have to roll the hard six.  Well, the freighters are yours.  Good hunting, everyone.  Operation starts in 48 hours.  TlGH: This is our target.  BALTAR: A Cylon base?  You're the Cylon expert.  We need to destroy their military facilities.  Without harming the tylium ore under the surface.  Exactly.  A nuke would destroy the Cylons.  But the radiation would render the ore inert, unusable.  l see your dilemma.  You're in luck, you know.  Refined tylium contains tremendous enthalpy  to the order of half a billion megajoules per kilo.  lf subjected to right heat and compression,  say, from a conventional warhead,  you should get a suitably devastating explosion  without the radioactive fallout.  All we have to do is hit the right spot.  Specifically, you need to hit the staging tanks  for the refined tylium precursor.  lt's a lot more unstable than the fuel itself.  And where would they be?  l need your advice on this one.  NO. 6: l'm flattered, Gaius,  but l don't know the first thing about tylium refineries.  Neither do l.  Come on, you must have an inkling  where l should tell them to bomb?  No.  But God does.  Oh, good.  l suppose God doesn't want me to destroy the base because  he's the Cylon God. Right?  God doesn't take sides.  He only wants your love.  Open your heart to him, and he'll show you the way.  lt'd be a lot simpler if he came out and told me.  You must remember to surrender your ego.  Remain humble.  lf you ask me,  God could do with cleaning his ears out.  Then he might hear what l have to say.  Relax your neck.  Why? What are you going to do? l said relax.  All right, but please don't. . .  STARBUCK: Where would the staging tanks be, Doctor?  (STAMMERlNG)  There. Right there.  Hit any one of them and the place  will go up like a three-kiloton bomb.  (MAN CHATTERlNG)  Well done.  Forceful, so decisive, delivered with such élan.  He didn't speak to me.  God didn't speak to me.  (SlGHlNG)  l was totally lying.  l just picked that spot at random.  He doesn't always speak in words, Gaius.  So the fate  of the entire human race depends upon my wild guess.  TRAlNER: Attention on deck. ADAMA: As you were.  (METALLlC CLANKlNG)  How's the knee, Starbuck?  lt'll be ready. l'm not missing this party.  (EXHALlNG)  (CLANKlNG)  Apollo's leading the strike force.  You're gonna have to sit this one out.  (SlGHS) l'm the best pilot that you have.  Not right now.  ln combat, you got to pull 6, 7 G's.  Doc says your knee won't take it.  Well, then he's wrong.  ls he?  A Viper thruster pedal  (CLANKlNG) requires this much force. . .  to activate.  (SNlFFS)  (CLEARS THROAT)  Now you're on your attack run.  They launch their missiles.  So you've got to jam that pedal  (STARBUCK PANTS)  near the firewall  (CLANKlNG)  and hold a 6 G turn  (CLANKlNG)  for 1 0 seconds, or you die.  (PANTlNG)  1 0, 9, 8,  7, 6, 5, 4.  (METALLlC RATTLlNG)  (EXHALlNG)  This was only 3 G's, Starbuck. Not 6.  l'm sorry. lt's a tough one.  But you're staying home.  STARBUCK: Keep your ingress low and fast.  Use the terrain to stay hidden till the last second.  Make sure you give the flak suppression unit enough time  so they can weaken defenses.  You don't think l'm up to this?  Of course l do.  You'll be fine.  Look, you're worried that l'm not going to pull it out of the fire  with some high-risk, retina-detaching move  the way Starbuck would.  Look, Kara, l'm sorry you're not suiting up.  Because, believe me, everyone would feel so much better, me included  if you were riding along with us.  But this isn't an ego trip. This is my job.  And don't think for one moment that l will not get it done.  l hope so. Because we've got one shot.  Don't frak it up by over-thinking.  (FOOTSTEPS RECEDlNG)  (DOOR CLANKS SHUT)  HELO: Nice thing about being on the run after a nuclear war,  nobody left to complain if we hide out  in their barn or raid their pantry  while you're on your way to steal a ship, and get off the planet.  lt's odd, isn't it? BOOMER: What?  That we haven't seen a single living human being since  the one you shot when you rescued me.  We're still alive. Why nobody else?  Probably holed out in their fallout shelters or something.  (WATER RUNNlNG)  Two ways out and a lovely view. What could be better?  A feather bed and a silk comforter.  (HELO SlGHlNG)  HELO: You hungry?  l don't know. What do we got?  Peanut butter,  baked beans, corn. . .  How about some chili?  (BOOMER THROWlNG UP)  A simple no would do.  Sharon, have you been taking your anti-radiation meds?  l think it was those cold beans we had this afternoon.  (COUGHS)  You okay now?  Yeah.  (CLEARlNG THROAT)  How far you figure to Delphi?  Eight, maybe ten days if we move fast.  lf we start early, we can be there in no time.  ADAMA: Can't sleep?  (SlGHlNG) l couldn't either before a big op.  Mark ll.  Good ship.  Got me out of a lot of tough scrapes.  l've got something for you.  lt belonged to your grandfather.  My mom bought it for him when he was in law school.  You see the engraving on it?  Yeah, l can barely make it out, but. . .  He was a better father than l was.  Dad used to carry that in to court cases.  Claimed he never lost, unless he left it behind.  So you're worried, too?  About what?  You know, sometimes it feels like the whole ship  thinks Starbuck would do better.  l don't.  How can you be so sure?  Because you're my son.  Get some rest.  You're going to need it.  Dad?  l'll bring it back.  You'd better, or l'll kick your ass.  lt's a good lighter.  (SlGHlNG)  (RAlN PATTERlNG)  (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHlNG)  (THUNDER RUMBLlNG)  Sharon. Wake up.  HELO: What the frak! You killed her. . .  BOOMER: Let me see.  (METALLlC CLANKlNG)  We got to go. Right now.  Wait a minute. l saw her on my lap.  l saw her blood spill on my lap.  Let's move, mister.  What the hell is going on?  l don't know. We'll figure it out later.  Jump complete, sir. Dradis reports nothing but hash.  Just as we expected. Can't see a thing.  We are now within launch range of the Cylon base.  OFFlCER 1 : Carrier Constellation, jump complete on station, point Deacon.  lnitiate search pattern DeIta.  OFFlCER 2: Ore flight Bravo. Delta, Wilco.  OFFlCER 3: Ore flight Nebula, Delta initiated.  The ball's in play.  You can bet they heard that.  Now they'll try to locate the decoys.  And when they do?  lf they take the bait, all hell breaks loose.  Until then?  We wait.  (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)  BOOMER: Galactica, Boomer.  Tally, 90 plus, headed Deacon.  Speed, 250.  APOLLO: The Cylons have seen the freighter.  They're en route to intercept.  They took the bait.  Mr. Gaeta, launch Strike Force 1 .  Aye, sir.  Dee, launch strike force one.  Attention. Pilots, man your planes.  DUALLA ON PA SYSTEM: PiIots, man your pIanes.  ALARM BLARlNG)  (PEOPLE YELLlNG)  How hard did they bite?  Boomer's report said 90 plus.  They've launched most of their fighter force.  (SlGHS)  (COMPUTER BEEPlNG)  OFFlCER: Give them hell, sir. Firing.  Our attack forces is away.  l just hope that Lee can. . .  Lee isn't the problem.  You should take a good look at yourself.  l had to go through the same transition.  When you're in the cockpit, you're in control.  lt's hard to give it up.  (SlGHS)  lt would just be a lot easier if l was flying with them.  All you can do now is wait, and hope you didn't make any mistakes.  l never wanted this kind of responsibility.  The Cylons never asked us what we wanted.  Welcome to the big leagues.  CRASHDOWN: Galactica, Crashdown.  TaIIy, 50 pIus on an intercept course.  Repeat. 50 plus inbound.  (BEEPlNG)  What's that mean?  lt means that a Cylon patrol spotted our attack force.  The base sent out 50 more Raiders to intercept.  50 Raiders?  That means we're outnumbered now 5-to-1 ?  Weren't the decoys supposed to take care of that?  The Cylons were too smart for that.  Frak.  Estimated time to strike intercept, two minutes.  FlREBALL: Fireball, multiple bandits, left 1 0 high, range 40.  Weapons free. Committing.  (GUNS FlRlNG)  Hot Dog, visual tally, press.  Hot Dog, break right.  (GUNS FlRlNG)  (FlRlNG)  Fireball, your six.  (BEEPlNG)  l'm hit! l'm hit! Can't eject!  FlREBALL ON RADlO: Stop! BUZZER: Deadbolt, Spinner.  Two bandits cIosing your right side.  SPlNNER: No joy!  (SPlNNER SCREAMlNG)  (ENGlNE WHlNlNG)  HOTDOG: Galactica, Hot Dog.  HeaviIy engaged. Mission outcome doubtful.  This sounds frakking awful.  They're getting cut to pieces out there.  (HOT DOG YELLlNG)  BUZZER: Get out of there! Move!  Deadbolt, right verticaI, now!  DEADBOLT: Damn it, take a shot. Get him off me.  ADAMA: Mr. Gaeta, abort Strike 1 .  Strike One, Galactica. Return to base.  Repeat. Abort your mission, and return to base.  STUBB: Galactica, Stubbs.  Cylon strike force is turning away  from Deacon and inbound to Galactica.  (ENGlNES REVVlNG)  (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)  OPERATOR: Noting Raiders inbound.  The Cylons heard our transmission recall, didn't they?  Does that mean the first wave of Raiders  is ignoring the decoys, and is coming after us?  That's exactly what it means.  So, when are we going to launch  the reserve Vipers to defend Galactica?  There are no reserve Vipers.  Everything is on the board already.  Now we play for all the marbles.  Starbuck, it's your plan.  (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)  Mr. Gaeta,  will you please tell Dee to get on the scrambler  and inform Apollo the back door is open?  Aye, Lieutenant.  Dee, please send a scrambler to Captain Apollo.  Message reads, "The back door is open."  Apollo, Galactica. Back door is open.  Godspeed, Apollo.  (COMPUTER BEEPS)  (ENGlNES HUMMlNG)  (METALLlC CLANKlNG)  Lieutenant Thrace, why didn't you tell me  we had another attack force hidden in the freighters?  We. . . ADAMA: lt was my decision.  l routinely restrict tactical details to those who need to know.  Old habits die hard.  So you still might pull this off?  lf Dr. Baltar's target information is correct.  And whether we get blown to pieces by those Cylon Raiders  heading toward us right now.  Speaking of which, l'm needed in ClC.  (DOOR CLANKS OPEN)  (DOOR CLOSES)  (COMPUTER BEEPlNG)  lnitial point in 5 seconds.  Flak suppression unit cleared hot.  (BEEPlNG)  APOLLO: Okay, let's do this.  Come on, Lee. lt's all on you.  lncoming !  Weapons free. By the numbers, peopIe.  (BEEPlNG)  Target acquired. Tone and lock.  Firing.  Tone and lock. Firing.  What's got into these frakking missiles?  Come on.  They're jamming the guidance systems.  APOLLO: Strike two, Apollo.  Then we get close enough so we don't need the guidance systems.  We'll have to blow this thing manuaIIy.  CHUCKLES: WiIco, ApoIIo. RoIIing in.  (GUNSHOT)  Chuckles! Chuckles!  ALARM BLARlNG)  Oh, frak.  Chuckles bought it. He's going down !  (SCREAMlNG)  KAT: Now they've got our attack axis zeroed in.  There's no way to frakking get cIose.  Frak.  There's got to be.  APOLLO: We've got to get out of this flak.  Let's get down below the deck, down where the target is.  l've got an idea.  l'm going to take a closer look.  (FlRlNG)  Commander on deck.  ADAMA: As you were.  The first wave of Cylons will be on us in three minutes.  ADAMA: Notify the Strike 1 Vipers  that they can stop running and blast those bastards to hell.  DUALLA: Yes, sir.  PlLOT 1 : Engaging Cylon fighters.  PlLOT 2: Target acquired, tone and lock.  No, don't do this, Lee.  The conveyor tunnel's clear.  l'm going through it.  You're out of your frakking mind, Apollo.  What's going on?  GAETA: Captain Apollo's flying into the conveyor tunnel  hoping it will lead him to the refinery.  BALTAR: Has he gone raving mad?  There's no way to ensure it does anything of the kind.  (PANTlNG)  Come on, keep it together, Lee.  Keep it together.  Oh, lords.  (RUMBLlNG)  (THUDDlNG)  (EXPLOSlONS)  (GUNS FlRlNG)  (BEEPlNG)  APOLLO: Okay, l'm through the tunneI.  They can't get a firing soIution on me.  There you are.  Okay. l've got you. l've got you. l've got you.  (ENGlNE REVVlNG)  (GUN FlRlNG)  (LAUGHlNG)  (PANTlNG)  Galactica, Apollo.  APOLLO: Mission accompIished.  Yes!  ALL CHEERlNG)  (PEOPLE WHOOPlNG)  You can tell Dr. Baltar he was right on the money.  lt's one hell of a fireworks show.  And there's pIenty more for us back in the canyon  once this pIace is history.  (PEOPLE WHlSTLlNG)  (PEOPLE CONTlNUE WHOOPlNG)  GAETA: Congratulations, Doctor, it worked.  (GAETA LAUGHlNG)  lt did.  lt worked.  (STARBUCK EXCLAlMlNG)  l'm sorry, Madam President, l'm sorry.  No need to apologize.  Thanks to you, we have enough fuel to last us a few years.  (SlGHS)  (STARBUCK CHUCKLlNG)  DUALLA: Commander, Strike 1 reports inbound Cylons are bugging out.  Request permission to go after them, sir.  Tell our people to pursue and destroy them.  Affirmative.  Strike 1 , tear them up.  (MUSlC PLAYlNG)  ALL CHEERlNG)  STARBUCK: Apollo, you magnificent bastard.  That was one hell of a piece of flying  and l couldn't have done it better myself.  (LAUGHlNG) l'm sorry, l didn't hear you.  l said that l couldn't have done it better myself.  Well, thank you.  l had my doubts.  So did l. Mmm.  l wasn't sure that crazy-ass plan of yours could even possibly work.  Hmm !  (STARBUCK EXCLAlMlNG)  You deserve this.  DAVlS: Crash.  (CRASH EXCLAlMlNG)  (STARBUCK CHUCKLlNG)  NO. 6: Have you read the Pythian Prophecy, Gaius?  Not since the sixth grade.  l can't say ancient history is my favorite subject.  NO. 6: You should have paid closer attention.  To what?  "All of this has happened before.  "All of this will happen again."  Everyone knows that verse.  What are you getting at?  Remember this one?  "Led by serpents numbering two and ten."  The Vipers. They're the serpents?  There's a later verse, Gaius.  You should read it.  "Though the outcome favored the few,  "it led to a confrontation at the home of the Gods."  Are you telling me that God guided my finger to that target for some  arcane scriptural purpose?  You are part of God's plan, Gaius.  So God wanted me to destroy the Cylon base.  You did well. You gave yourself over to Him.  Yes, l suppose l did.  l guess there's. . .  There's really no other logical explanation for it.  (CHUCKLES)  l was. . .  Am.  l am an instrument of God.  (BlRDS CHlRPlNG)  (THEME MUSlC)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 