Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e11 - Colonial Day - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 11 - Colonial Day - full transcript 
 With Colonial Day approaching, it is time for a new Quorom of Twelve. Twelve representatives from the twelve colonies will decide on important matters. There's one problem however. Terrorist Tom Zarek is chosen as representative for Sagittaron and he immediately wants to discuss the issue of a vice-president. So far there's only one candidate, Tom Zarek, as nominated by Virgon and Gemenon. Meanwhile Starbuck and Apollo are in charge of security, some kind of attack on president Roslin is suspected. Back on Caprica Helo and Boomer have arrived at the city Delphi. Helo comes to the conclusion Cylons can look like humans. In an attempt to capture a raider, he discovers another truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Battlestar Galactica. What the hell is going on? You killed her. We gotta go. Right now. - That's Tom Zarek. - The terrorist? He's a prisoner of conscience. He's a butcher. He blew up a government building. There is no excuse for that. I thought you said you respected me. That was before you resorted to violence and hostage-taking. I demand the immediate resignation of Laura Roslin and her ministers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I demand free and open elections to choose a new leadership. If you let the rest of these hostages go, we will leave this ship in your hands. - Got it? - Test. There. - Are we on? - Frak, we're on. Go. Live from Cloud Nine, the most luxurious ship in the fleet, it's The Colonial Gang. It's a new talk show that brings you the inside scoop on the fleet's movers and shakers. I'm James McManus, formerly of the Caprica Times. With me are two of the only remaining legitimate journalists left in the universe. Playa Palacios, veteran commentator for the Picon Star Tribune. Welcome. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And my wingman, Sekou Hamilton, former editor of the Aerelon Gazette. As most people probably know, Cloud Nine was damaged during a Cylon attack and had to be evacuated. With repairs now complete, President Roslin has picked it as the site for an historic gathering. It's the first meeting of the interim Quorum of 12 which will coincide with Colonial Day, the 52nd anniversary of the signing of the Articles of Colonization. Playa, why don't you weigh in? Laura Roslin should be applauded for restoring the system of checks and balances. Every delegate chosen so far has been a Roslin crony. It's a puppet Quorum, okay? That will rubber-stamp every edict this power-mad schoolteacher will try... How can you say that when half the Quorum hasn't even been selected yet? I predict every last one will be a Roslin lackey, hand-picked by the power behind the throne, Presidential Advisor Wallace Gray. Don't you see it? Gray orchestrated this whole publicity stunt. Come on, Jim. Wallace Gray is no prince of darkness. I disagree. He's helped Roslin regulate the internal economy, made sure vital food and medical supplies were fairly distributed... He's a fatuous gasbag who's made a fortune through kickback deals, the members of this Quorum have profited from. - Freedom of the press. - As we speak... Madam President, the fatuous gasbag would like five minutes of your time. Wally. How does it feel to be a celebrity? Well, I love it. They'll probably be calling me a fascist next. No, I'm the fascist. You stick with being the gasbag. Madam President, excuse me, you're going to want to hear this. Sagittaron have chosen their delegate for the Interim Quorum of 12. Who would've guessed it? Tom Zarek. Oh, my Gods. He's got quite a following out there. I should have seen this coming. He's a terrorist. Who are they kidding? A ruthless terrorist. Tom Zarek incited a prison riot that resulted in kidnapping, attempted rape. He blew up a government building and now he's gonna sit on the Quorum of 12? Wrong. It was a change that was trumped up by the government to discredit a man who's dedicated his life to the disenfranchised. Yes? Just a moment. Commander Adama. Why am I not surprised? Hello, Commander. Are you listening to this? Indeed. Can't allow a terrorist to sit in government. My hands are tied. I don't want to turn him into a martyr. Sagittaron law allows a prisoner to regain his citizenship once he's served his time. Tom Zarek represents a danger to the entire fleet. I can bar him from traveling to Cloud Nine on that basis alone. I perfectly understand the threat Tom Zarek represents. But the last thing I need is for you to start acting like my own personal goon squad. We need to let this play out. Thank you. Hold onto your shorts, folks. Another's starting to develop. We're getting a live feed from the Astral Queen. Tom Zarek is about to make a statement. Citizens of the 12 Colonies, I am humbled and moved by this great honor. I will be a voice for those who have gone too long unheard by a government that serves only the privileged and the powerful, that turns a blind eye to the needs of the weak and the poor. But Roslin and her confederates will no longer be able to ignore us. People of the fleet, look up. The winds of change are blowing. A new era is about to dawn. Hey, Doc. Lieutenant Thrace, to what do I owe this honor? Our shuttle leaves for Cloud Nine at 0512 tomorrow, so don't be late. "Our" shuttle? A surprise getaway? Just the two of you? I'm going to be handling your security. Please don't touch that. Thank you. Security of what? You haven't heard? It's all over talk wireless. When would I have the chance to listen to the talk wireless? I have 60 years of work in front of me. Anyway, talk wireless is just an excuse, really, for lowbrow rabble-rousing. You've been selected as Caprica's delegate to the Quorum of 12. Me? Is this some kind of joke? Guess you got the super-genius vote. No accounting for taste. Congratulations, Doctor. Thank you. Politics is the only thing more boring than blood samples. All those interminable speeches. All that dreary pomp. Parties full of young women drawn to men of power. But when the people call, you must serve. I can't remember the last time I felt the sunlight on my face. Sure feels good. Almost like the real thing. They could've done a better job with the horizon, though. Security's going to be a bitch. A thousand different places for a sniper to hide. How many people are we dealing with, again? Five hundred plus. Each colony's sending a delegation of leading citizens. Great. Herds of lookie-loos, any one of whom could be a Cylon. Toasters aren't our only problem. Don't you pay any attention to politics? No. A lot of unrest out there. So why is Roslin insisting on letting so many people come? I guess she thinks it's important for them to be able to observe how their government works. So basically, she's already running for re-election. No, Kara. Kara, give me that. Thank you, sir. Enjoy your day. The atmosphere is electric as Quorum members arrive with their delegations. I'm outside the Cloud Nine Ballroom where the reception of the new Quorum of 12 is about to take place. But the question on everyone's mind is, "Will President Roslin shake the hand of the man" "many still regard as a terrorist" "or will she snub him, and, by extension, all the people of Sagittaron?" Colonel Tigh. My wife Ellen. Welcome aboard. Kill me now. Colonel Tigh. Starbuck, Apollo. Zarek's here. Don't worry. This guy's mine the second he makes a wrong move. Yeah? Well, you'll have to beat me to him. Murderer. You don't belong here, Zarek. Go back. What did you say? He's not a murderer, he's a freedom fighter. All right? Excuse me. May I see your security pass, sir? Not a problem. I'm a citizen of Sagittaron. I've got every legal right to be here. Your rights don't extend to roughing people up. Lay a hand on anyone else and you'll be getting to know Galactica's brig. Well, everything's in order. Enjoy your stay on Cloud Nine. Ch, I will. Tom Zarek. Colonel Tigh, Battlestar Galactica. I see. My wife. Does she have a name? Ellen. Call me Tom. I don't like to stand on ceremony. I'm the same way. All this pretension makes me sick. You're holding up the line. Thank you for making me feel welcome, Ellen. I hope to see you again. Why did you do that? To get our picture on the front page of every half-baked newsletter and photo service in the fleet. I don't need my picture taken with a terrorist. Wake up, Saul. Look at these cameras. Roslin's the past, Zarek's the future. A blind man can see that. Madam President. Mr. Zarek. If I were to offer you my hand in friendship, would you take it? Well, there's only one way to find out. That was nicely played. Thank you. Just remember, I'm not your enemy, Madam President. And I know today's agenda is rather large but I think that if you'll look at the scheduled meetings, you'll see that they concern issues vital to the fleet. In some cases, existing policies regarding matters such as the distribution of medical supplies... You're missing an intriguing opportunity. Playa's not wearing any underwear. Don't be absurd. Really? She's been eyeing you all afternoon. She's only human. You're not jealous? Love isn't about sex, Gaius. There's an enlightened point of view. I've been thinking and as far as I'm concerned you can have any woman you want. But always remember, I have your heart. Yes. Of course you do. I can always rip it out of your chest if I need to. So if there are no objections the Chair will entertain motions to accept today's agenda as proposed. I have an objection. The chair recognizes Sagittaron. All the items on your agenda are important, I agree. Ration distribution, education, medical services, all very important. But I'm frankly shocked to discover the most critical issue of all is nowhere to be found. Really? Well, perhaps Mr. Zarek could enlighten us. The election of a vice-president. If, gods forbid, anything should happen to you, Madam President, we have no designated successor. The civilian branch of our government would be paralyzed leaving the door wide open for a military dictatorship. Sagittaron moves that the first item on the Quorum's agenda should be nominations for vice-president. Second. Second. Second. Caprica seconds for various reasons which are far too obvious and numerous to go into right now. But certainly, I think we can all agree that it'd be a good idea to have a successor. The motion has been moved and seconded. All those in favor of opening nominations for the vice-presidency, say aye. Aye. Aye. The ayes have it. The floor is now open for nominations. The chair recognizes Virgon. Now, there is only one man here who is willing to work for the betterment of the people in this fleet. When I asked for his help he sent a crew to fix the air filtration system on my ship and, hell, they were finished and they were gone while I was still waiting for the President's office to return my call. I nominate Tom Zarek. Thanks. Is there a second? Gemenon seconds the nomination. The nomination of Tom Zarek for the vice-presidency has been accepted. The Chair will remain open for 72 hours for nominations. The session is now adjourned. Thomas Zarek is not going to be my vice-president. Six months until the presidential election. We could've handpicked a candidate. It didn't shock me when Bagot nominated him. But Porter, that was surprising. Not really. The Gemenon ships use more water per capita than any other ships in the fleet. She wanted more rations, I said no. Zarek may have made some new friends in the last few weeks but there are still plenty of people out there who hate him. Don't underestimate Zarek. He's charismatic and knows what buttons to push. Frankly, Madam President, I am concerned about the security aboard Cloud Nine. I want you leaning forward on this, Captain. If they so much as sneeze, they better have a handkerchief. Understood. We need a candidate. Someone who will quickly win the delegates' support. An established name. I'm not a politician. But you know how to get things done. You've kept this fleet functioning all this time. No. Thanks, but... I cannot allow Tom Zarek to be one heartbeat away from the presidency, Wally. I need you. You've got me, Madam President. How can you reassure people that you're looking out for their interests as opposed to the rehabilitation of Tom Zarek? That's a great question, Playa. This is how I see it. We're facing a situation so unique, so specific, that I believe we need not only new leadership but a whole new way of thinking. Like blowing up a building or two? If things weren't so serious, I'd say that was funny. Look, there's no economy. There's no market. No industry. No capital. Money is worthless. And yet, we're all held hostage by the idea of the way things used to be. Look where we are. This man wakes up every morning, tugs on his boots and goes to work in this garden. Why? Because it's his job? What job? He labors, but he gets no benefit from his labor. And he's not the only one. Many of us are just still going through the motions of our old lives. The lawyers still act like lawyers, but they have no clients. Businessmen still act like businessmen, but have no business. President Roslin and her policies are all about holding on to a fantasy. If we want to survive, we need to completely restructure our lives. We need to think about the community of citizens. The group, not the individual. We need to completely free ourselves of the past and operate as a collective. You're not interested in the citizens. You just want power. Turn that crap off. I was listening to that broadcast. You again? That's a shame. They all want to hear Mr. Zarek speak, too. Don't you, buddy? See? He wants to hear Mr. Zarek. How about you? You want to hear what Mr. Zarek has to say? I don't mind one way or the other. Well, I take that as a yes. So turn it on. Now. Leave it. Mr. Zarek is a representative of the people and we are the people. Well, you're people. Sort of. You know, I don't like your tone, ﬂyboy, so, why don't you just move along out of here and go enjoy the imitation weather? I'd be happy to, after you leave. Which is now. Okay. Don't want no trouble. What the hell. There's a gun. Starbuck. Incoming. Are you looking for this? The Telamont Building's still standing. That's Delphi, all right. Now, all we have to do is wait until dark, infiltrate the most heavily fortified military hub on this planet, hope the Cylons haven't completely wasted the spaceport, steal a ship, locate Galactica and fly to her without getting shot to hell. Is that all? Yeah. I guess we can relax until dark. Might as well make ourselves comfortable. You hungry? No, not right now. Your stomach's feeling better? Starving. I've been trying to make sense out of the two women we saw with the Cylons. And? I can't fathom why anybody would wanna help the toasters. And they just happened to be twins? That's too weird. You got a better explanation? You think the Cylons could be messing with human DNA? Cloning people or something? Could be. That would explain how they took us by surprise. They had these replicated humans infiltrating the colonies, laying the groundwork for the surprise attack. You know, if they were human clones that means they're capable of complex emotions, maybe even love. Maybe they were misguided in the way that they were indoctrinated. Whatever they are, they're not human. No human could do the things they've done. They killed billions of innocent people. They've got to be frakking Cylons, just like the rest of them. Why do you have a summit itinerary? Why circle every public appearance by President Roslin? It's not mine. So what? Some stranger wandered down the hall picked the lock to your room and just left it there? False-bottom with anechoic coating to absorb x-rays. Ceramic stealth gun. You sure went through a lot of trouble to get that weapon on board. I carry a lot of money. I need protection. Right. The money's worthless. Your friend Zarek pointed that out. I don't even know Zarek. Your pal Grimes says different. He gave you UP- You're bluffing. You haven't got anything. We don't need anything, Valance. Because this isn't a trial. This is just you and us in this room. Like Zarek pointed out, we're living in a whole new world. There's no due process. This is your courtroom. And that would make us your executioners. So you might want to cooperate, or else you're going out an airlock. Because that's what we do to traitors. Look, I... I just came over here for the booze and the food. That's it. You know what? Frak you! We put all the heat on Valance that we could and we still can't tie him to Zarek. I know Zarek's behind this. Keep working on Valance. We will. But to be safe I think you should send the entire. Sagittaron delegation back to their ships. Can't do that. Violates their civil rights. Plays right into Zarek's hands. But he could still have another shooter on Cloud Nine and if Zarek wins the vote, he's more than capable of ordering your assassination and ascending to the presidency. Zarek's not going to win because I'm not going to let him. Meanwhile, you're going to keep Zarek under surveillance. You're going to tap his phones, you're going to bug his room. If you find anything that remotely connects. Zarek to Valance, shut him down. The domestic policies we've been talking about over the last little while such as employment, and housing, and education... Latest vote count is seven for Gray, five for Zarek. We're slipping. He was four an hour ago.. Zarek must be making promises. Picon flipped. We've got to hold the colonies till they vote tomorrow. On Page 33 of my mission statement, I lay out a 16-point educational program that the President and I have developed. Individuals with four-year college degrees will be eligible. Hi. How are you doing? Remember me? We got Valance. And you're next. Health care. It's one thing to talk... Can I get you something? So you work here now? Why should I ask the bartender to get me a drink? What's in it for him? A big tip. What would he spend on? So, are you worried about Wallace Gray? I hear he's ahead in the vote count. Whatever the people want is fine by me. Everyone has an agenda. I know I do. And what would that be? The same as yours, Tom. Me. Myself. And I. You are clearly a well-connected, well-informed woman. Wife of the XO. For whatever that's worth. Quite a bit. Now and in the future. That's what I'm interested in, Tom. MY place and my husband's place in the future. Okay. I'm looking for a friend of mine. His name is Valance. How the hell did this happen? We've got to get to the President. We're here with Dr. Gaius Baltar, representative of Caprica. Dr. Baltar, I have one question. Is President Roslin's political career terminal or is there hope of resuscitating it? Laura Roslin's political career is very much alive and to underestimate her would be a very serious mistake. You miss the limelight, don't you, Gaius? Yes, I have. You have what, Dr. Baltar? Nothing. You were saying? You seriously believe that this schoolteacher is able to handle the job of presidency? His wrists were slashed with broken glass from the room. So was it suicide or was it murder? It wasn't suicide. Zarek had him killed. If only we could prove that. How'd they get past the Marine Guards? Through the vent. I'm glad to hear it because all of us have had teachers who've made a profound impact on our lives. History is full of examples of leaders who have come from the most humble beginnings and have risen to meet the challenge posed by cataclysmic events. How many people knew where Valance was being held? Just the people in this room plus two Marines. Criticize Laura Roslin and the tough decisions that she has to make every day. Especially, if you're someone like Tom Zarek who's never shouldered any real responsibility in your life. To be fair to Tom, how could he? He's been in prison for the last 20 years. And now that he's had a drastic personality makeover, he's posing like he's the savior to all your ills. I think you all have a short memory. Well, someone talked. And now we have no assassin, no evidence of a plot, no check on Zarek, no nothing. If he can get to Valance, he can get to anyone. Madam President, he will definitely try and take a shot at you now. Only if he wins the vote. What I have to say is, we must survive. And we will survive. And we will do so through the values that have made our colonies great. Courage. Truth. Justice. Liberty. With a firm and deep resolve to make tomorrow better. Not just for ourselves, but for our children. Madam President, I still worry the vote may be trending against you. Yes, it is. But I'm going to win this thing. And Tom Zarek is going back to his prison ship where he belongs. But first I have two very unpleasant duties to perform. I need a shuttle to Cloud Nine. What am I supposed to say? Health reasons. Oh, right, fine. Health reasons. You know, all those years I watched you working with Adar. You were always so quiet, so polite, so dignified. I never thought you'd fit in with the bare-knuckle, backstabbing politicians. I guess I was wrong. All clear. Dr. Baltar? Are you in here? Madam President? I heard you on the wireless. You were very articulate, quite engaging. Oh, thank you. That's very encouraging. Yeah, I was just trying to do my bit as the elected representative of Caprica. Besides, I'm beginning to get a real feel for politics. So I take it you're not voting for Mr. Zarek? Any man who uses their intelligence and resources to blow up a building doesn't get my vote, no. No, I'm voting for your man Gray. He's really gray... He's great. He is great. Which is why he's got my vote. Unfortunately, Mr. Gray dropped out of the race. Then who do you want me to vote for? I was thinking you. Me? Look“. Doctor, let's cut to the chase. You're a very popular man these days. I would be fortunate to have your intellect and your popularity right by my side. Under those circumstances, I accept. Thank you, Madam President. Thank you. Wow. What are you going to do now? Now... Now I'm going to give you an exclusive. After you. So what are we supposed to do? Sit on our hands and watch her get killed? Zarek's too smart to take another shot at the President during the summit. If he wins the vote, he can take her out later when everyone's forgotten about Valance. He'll just bide his time to find a better opportunity. That's great. Anyway, she says she's not going to lose the vote. She says a lot of things. Don't you think you should wash that? I did. Like when, a month ago? Do you have a problem with my hygiene? You have hygiene? I clean up good sometimes, all right? Well, let me know when it's one of those times. Tauron, Gaius Baltar. The surprises just keep on coming. A number of the Quorum delegates have now shifted their support to the scientific genius. A man who is credited with saving the fleet on numerous occasions. At this point, Jim, it is anyone's guess as to who's going to win. But my money is on Gaius. Dr. Baltar. Aquaria, Thomas Zarek. Aerelon. Tom Zarek. The vote is now six-five in favor of Tom Zarek. The next vote will determine our new vice-president. If Zarek gets it, he wins. In the event of a tie, the President will cast the deciding vote. Citizens! I give you your new vice-president, Dr. Gaius Baltar. The perks of power, Mr. Vice-President. We're going to do great things together. Good. It's difficult to fathom. I never aspired to power. Of course you didn't, Gaius. But someone had to step up. Well, after what Laura told me... Laura? Yeah, we're on a first name basis now. Now look, I think the people need me. Excuse us. So, that bum knee of yours is looking pretty good. And the other one's not too bad, either. Lee, if you want to ask me to dance, just ask. You want to dance? Me in a dress is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Madam President. Mr. Zarek. Oh, don't worry, I won't be kissing you today. That's a shame. I shaved very closely in anticipation of being smacked by you. That was very nicely played. Again. But there's still a presidential election in six months. I'll see you then. I have no doubt. Oh, one thing you should know. I didn't kill Valance. I wonder who did? Madam President, good evening. I thought you hated these things. It's Colonial Day. Where else would I be? I'm a patriot. You really are, aren't you? Dr. Baltar. Interesting choice. I figured, the devil you know. Politics. As exciting as war. Definitely as dangerous. Though in war, you only get killed once. In politics, it can happen over and over. You're still standing. So are you. And I can dance. I have a surprise for you. Uh-oh. Should I be worried? Not unless you consider a day in a luxury suite aboard the Rising Star as something to be worried about. What? How did you swing that? I have my ways. What you need to do is figure out a way to get slave-driving Bill to give you the day off. Yeah. And while we're there, we might want to talk to a few people about your future. What? Later, my love. It can all wait until later. Any second now. If we get caught... If anything happens... You don't have to say anything. I know. We're going to make it, Sharon. Okay? Okay. Go. Sharon? We're still alive. Why nobody else? You never get tired. Trust me. Helo, come with me. Helo. Helo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 