Battlestar Galactica: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s2e7 - Home: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 2, Episode 7 - Home: Part 2 - full transcript 
 While Commander Adama tries to join Roslin's team on Kobol, Dr. Baltar's Number Six tells him he's crazy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Battlestar Galactica. Twenty-four ships jumped away. That's almost a third of the fleet. They're gonna follow Roslin to Kobol to their death. [people shouting] Cally shot Sharon! There are many copies. You'll see her again. One of those things put two rounds into my father's chest. We have found Kobol, And when we retrieve the Arrow, we will open the Tomb of Athena,,, and we will find the road to Earth. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What I need to know... is exactly how to find the Tomb of Athena. I can show you the path. I don't know how long the path is, or exactly where it leads to... but I can tell you that you're gonna have to move very, very quickly. [explosion] [crying] I want to see all recon material on Kobol immediately in my quarters. Kobol? I'm putting the fleet back together. I'm putting our family back together again. The scriptures say some of us will die on Kobol. Like a certain Capt. Apollo? [thunder rumbling] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She could be anywhere. If we only use information contained within the book of Pythia... which makes sense, given the president's identification with that particular gospel... then the Tomb of Athena is most likely located somewhere... in the mountains to the west of the City of the Gods. Let's assume she starts at the most easily recognized landmark... which is the opera house. They'd be setting down somewhere right here in this meadow... then heading west. Are you okay? Yes. I am. [breathing heavily] We got to get out of this ravine. I don't want us to get caught in a flash flood. Raptor One went down... right about here just outside the ruins of the city. Now we never made it past, say, here. But we visually scouted the approaches out to the mountains. [grunts] Thanks. Any time. If this is all she's got to go on... I don't know how the hell that woman thinks she's gonna find this tomb. Well, maybe she's seen it in a vision. [all chuckle] I'm serious. She says she sees things. Images, prophecies, whatever. The point is that she believes in them and so do the people that are with her. Sir, with all due respect, that terrain is so rugged... I can't imagine navigating it without a map or a guide. Okay. King of the hill. Queen of the hill, thank you very much. We should take shelter until the storm passes. Sounds good. After that? Then we start the tough part. Let's go! The last rescue team reported no sign of a Cylon baseship... or a raider anywhere near Kobol. We'll set the jump arrival coordinates in the upper atmosphere... just in case. Sir, that's risky and it's certainly not possible with a ship of this size. I'll be going down in a Raptor. What? I'm not gonna leave the fleet undefended... and it's too risky to try and take all of us. Send a search party, for frak's sake. "And Zeus warned the leaders of the 1 2 tribes... "that any return to Kobol would exact a price in blood." (Tyrol) It certainly did for us. No more bloodshed, enough loss. I'm only gonna take people who are absolutely necessary. Don't try and argue with me, Saul. Truth is... I'm the only one that can reach out to Roslin. It's always been between us anyway. We may have gone down separately, but we're gonna come back together. Hopefully on our feet. But even in body bags we're gonna be coming back together. I'm gonna contact the Astral Queen, See if they can pick us up until the weather clears. You're not in charge here, Tom. All com traffic goes through me. Try to remember that. How much longer do you want to wait, Tom? Just keep your eyes on him. (Boomer) 11:00. 20 degrees elevation. There's a formation of twin rocks up ahead. Yeah, I got it. I think those are the Gates of Hera. You think? I'm putting together a lot of pieces from a lot of sources beyond your scriptures. If I'm right... that's the spot where your God supposedly stood... and watched Athena throw herself down onto the rocks below... out of despair over the exodus of the 13 tribes. Supposedly? I thought the Cylons believed in the gods. Yeah, don't get her started. They believe in one true God or something like that. And we don't worship false idols. You were quick enough to come on this mission. Lead us all to some tomb only actually mentioned in our false scriptures. We know more about your religion than you do. Athena's Tomb, whoever... whatever she really was, is probably up there. That part is true. Madam President, we won't make it up there before nightfall. Let's go, see how far we get. (Baltar) This is a depressing place. A part of me is glad Sharon never made it in here. You decided to brighten up the place a little, did you? Our child will be born here. In this room. You're not listening. Oh, you noticed? No, I have had enough. Do you seriously expect me to listen to you while you sit around stark naked? Prattle on about this mythical baby of ours? Mythical? Yes, mythical. Do you have any notion of how ridiculous you've become? The whole turn of our conversation is completely shot to pieces. I'm the father of a baby who'll be born to me from my fantasy woman... who I see solely in my head. My fantasy woman, by the way, who stopped being my fantasy. You're not my fantasy anymore. No, sadly now you're nothing more than a common tease. I never said I would bear the child. Wonderful! More doubletalk. More mind games. All right, then who is it gonna be? Who's going to bear our secret love child? It's not Starbuck, is it? Careful, Gaius, you're in dangerous territory now. Then I guess I'm really scared. So, what's it going to be this week? What is it? Don't tell me, I'll guess. The ship's gonna blow up! No, damn! Done that one. So it's gotta be someone else. Someone.... Me! But, of course, me! I'm gonna explode! God! God is gonna make me spontaneously combust into a great big ball of flame... and then the whole crew of Galactica can celebrate on ambrosia. Get really drunk. [laughing] Okay. Enough, I can't do this anymore. You're right. Game's over you win. I win? What did I win? You don't get it? Come on, Gaius, wake up and smell the psychosis already. I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about. Okay. Look... there's no Cylon chip implanted in your brain. I'm not real. You're not really getting secret messages from the Cylons. You're just crazy. [chuckles] Very funny. Hysterical. Do you write your own material? You don't believe me, do you? No, I don't. [laughing] That's great! I love it. Is it? Good. I've had enough of this, all right? So can we just stop playing this stupid game? I'm sorry. But it's the truth. There is no chip. If there is no chip... then who... or what are you exactly? I'm you. I'm your subconscious frakking with your mind. Okay, check it out. You helped the Cylons commit genocide against your own people... and your fragile little mind couldn't handle it. So, poof! I appear and start telling you how special you are. How God has chosen you. Yeah, right! Well, I don't know what game you're playing anymore. But I'm not playing this stupid game, Sara. Now you've had your fun. Why don't you get yourself checked out? Go down to sickbay and get a brain scan. That would settle it, wouldn't it? Go ahead. I dare you. (Tyrol) How simple could it be? Okay, we're in the North-northwest continent. Quadrant C, Sector two, which.... Oh, for frak's sake let me see if I can make heads or tails of it. Look, I marked the terrain as best I could, but we're not.... Topography's for pansies anyways. How're you feeling? Diplomatic? I still don't think this is a very good idea, Commander. The last time she saw me she wasn't too happy with me. She trusts you. Values your counsel. She'll listen to you. I doubt that very much. I'm her assistant. She doesn't put any more stock than what I say-- She thinks you'll be president one day. [aircraft engine revving] Excuse me? That's what she said to me once. That you reminded her of President Adar when he ran for his first office. I don't really know how to respond to that, sir. Don't let it go to your head. Adar was a moron. (Racetrack) This is an intra-atmos entry. You guys buckled in? Yeah. [beeping] Perimeter's clear! No Cylon presence! See? Nothing to worry about. Having good luck already. Gives me the creeps seeing him acting like that with her. He loves her. And, yeah, he knows she's a machine. He doesn't care. He loves her anyway. Frak. How can one of us get that roped in by one of them? We should keep an eye on him, too. Helo's a friend of mine, all right. He's one of the good guys. Yeah? Sharon was a friend of yours, too. Feel like I'm back on Caprica. No, thanks. I'm happy right here. Really? Yeah, actually. Just being with you and Kara feels like I've come home. It's like I'm back in the fleet. But you were never in the fleet. That was the other Sharon. I know. I know that. But I remember all of it. Like getting my wings. My first trip aboard the Galactica, You know, the memory of being in a uniform is so strong, so potent... it's like, "I'm Sharon Valerii and this is my family." That's pretty weird, huh? It's okay. I like weird. (Zarak) Losing that priest really frakked her up. She's lost a lot of people. Friends, supporters. All she has left is her young prince. We're here. He's here. We know what we have to do. Terrain's rougher than we thought. Don't know how far until we reach this tomb. Why are you backing out of this now? I'm not backing out of anything. Getting blood on your hands is a lot harder than washing it off. Then let the Cylon do it. What if the Cylon were to get a weapon and shoot him herself? There'll be a lot of confusion, stress, panic. Then the Cylon could find herself getting shot real easy. And how would you propose such a thing might happen? This has to happen, Tom. You know that. Not until we find the tomb. (Helo) How much further? Farther. What? Farther describes actual distance, further is more figurative. You're a dictionary now? I'm sorry I'm smarter than you. That's okay. The baby can have your brains as long as he gets my looks. Yeah, that'd be a real blessing for her. Her? You know it's a girl? Yeah. (Starbuck) So from what I could tell... the Cylons have a plan for Caprica. They're cleaning up the bodies... bringing in the heavy machinery to fix the infrastructure. I understand. (Starbuck) But they haven't killed everyone. There's a resistance movement. Once we find the tomb and get the map, I think our first order of business... has to be planning a rescue mission back to Caprica. Lieutenant, I hope you know how grateful I am for everything you've done... and what you risked... but right now I can't think about anything but finding that tomb. Thank you. Comfy? Can't talk. Can't move. Then you... certainly wouldn't want me to do this. Oh for.... I told you not to move. I'm so terribly sorry, Doctor. It won't happen again. All right. Now I have to reset and start from the beginning. Now he's got to reset and start all over again. [sighing] Why are you doing this to me? (No. 6) Come on, Gaius, even back when you weren't nuts... there was always that little voice in your head. That little voice helping you through the rough times, remember? I'm just the latest version of that little voice. I don't believe that for one moment. No, God has a plan for me. God's plan? [No. 6 laughing] Okay. Yeah, God has a plan and... there is a God and he talks to Gaius Baltar. Okay. Shut up will you! Will you stop going crazy in there? I'm not crazy. Once you find this tomb, you know he's gonna have you killed, right? He's not like that. He's a soldier, you're the enemy. Nothing's gonna change that. Your twin, your copy or whatever-- I know. The other Sharon shot the old man. I've heard it about a thousand times. Do you remember shooting him? It wasn't me. Do you remember? No. I see. What do you think happened to her? I don't know. Probably threw her in the brig or something. She was murdered by one of the crew. And everyone aboard Galactica just let it happen. Think I'm lying? Ask Lee. They're not gonna let your child be born. You think they're gonna let you raise a potential enemy right in their midst? You want to get off this planet alive, you better start looking out for yourself. [plants rustling] [whispering] Starbuck. Helo. Put down your weapon, Captain. Commander. It's good to see you. Madam President. Billy. Billy, you have no idea... what it means to me to have you here. It's good to see you, too. Oh, my gods. Commander! She's with us, Commander. Why? Commander, no! Get off her. I want you to die. Commander, please don't. We need her. Commander, you got to let her go. Die. [gagging] Sir! [gasps] [Adama groans] Dad? And you ask why. [Boomer groans] [Boomer coughing] [breathing heavily] Nothing, nothing, more nothing. Are you satisfied? Yes, I am. Thank you very much, Doctor. Just.... We're absolutely positive, aren't we, that there's no... unidentified objects? You can obsess over these as much as you like on your own time. Freaking hypochondriac. One on every bloody ship. You interfered with a military mission and you broke your word to me. It's the second part that really bothers you, isn't it? Laura, I forgive you. Thank you, Bill. I didn't ask for your forgiveness. You have it anyway. I can't believe the old man reacted like that. You know they killed the other Sharon? What? In cold blood, not even a trial. Hi. Hi. Sharon? Hello, Chief. You know who I am? Yes. We haven't met but... I remember you. It's good to see you. So where does this leave us? Back to where we started. Under the yoke of President Roslin and Commander Adama. Not if we go back to the ship with a map to Earth. And a sad story of how many people were killed down on Kobol by the Cylons. It's over. Let it go for now. Lieutenant Thrace says that there are survivors back on the Colonies. There are people fighting against the Cylons every day. They're fighting for their homes, their future. I see. Doesn't give you pause? Maybe your impulse the day the Cylons attacked was right. Maybe we should've stayed and fought for our homes. Maybe the President of the Colonies should've stayed with her people. I didn't come here for this. I didn't come here to navel-gaze... or to catalog our mistakes. We made a decision to leave the Colonies after the attack. We made that decision. It was the right one then, it's the right one now. So every moment of every day since then... is a gift. From the gods? No. From you. For convincing me that I should go. I would be dead. My son would be dead. Whatever else the costs... I won't second-guess that outcome. [inaudible] Maybe it's time to go find this... tomb of yours. So Cally kills Sharon... and the old man gives her 30 days in the brig. Thirty days for murder. They don't see it as murder, Helo. That's what I'm trying to tell you. That's what you're not hearing. To him, to the president, to all of them... Cylons aren't people. I'm not a person to them... I'm a thing. I won't just stand by and let them kill you like the other Sharon. Okay? I believe you, Helo. I do. But if we're gonna have any future together... any at all... I'm gonna have to take matters into my own hands. What're you talking about? Do you love me? Yes. Do you trust me? Yes. Then don't ask me what I have to do. Sharon, what the frak are you-- Trust me. Trust us. Have you had a chance to think about our conversation? Haven't thought about anything else. And? When we get to the entrance, they'll be distracted. I'll take the father and you take the son. You should see this! Lieutenant Thrace, I hope you have that Arrow handy. I need you to know something. I'm Sharon but I'm a different Sharon. I know who I am. I don't have hidden protocols or programs lying in wait to be activated. I make my own choices. I make my own decisions... and I need you to know that this is my choice. This is one of the old stallions. It's not military issue. Where the hell did you get this? It's his. [gasps] [groans] Take it easy. Just wanted... to see you get your due. You never did listen to me. [gasps] Stupid frakking thing couldn't come with a handbook. No, because that would just be too logical, wouldn't it? "And the Arrow of Apollo will open the Tomb of Athena." Yeah, well, unless anyone sees a keyhole, or whatever... then we're either in the wrong place or we're just perfectly screwed. Okay, then why don't we just.... Helo, come here. On three. One, two, three! [all grunting] There it is. Oh, my God. [grunting] After you. Helo, you stay out. Yes, sir. Chief? - Sir. Guard everybody. - Yes, sir. If the Arrow didn't actually open the tomb... how do we know this is the right place? We don't. But it's a tomb all right. The scriptures say you need the Arrow to find the map. (Starbuck) These broken statues, I recognize them. The ram, Aerilon. Gemenon, the twins. These are the icons of the 12 tribes, the 1 2 Colonies. This is really where it all began. We all came from this place. This could be Picon, the fish. I guess, this little lady could be Virgon, right? The goat, Caprica. Sagittaron... the archer. He's missing something. Where the hell are we? I don't know. Tomb of Athena, I think. I thought we were already in the tomb. I think that was the lobby. Again the ancient symbols. These patterns... were on the original flags of the 12 Colonies... back in the days when the Colonies were called by their ancient names: Aries. Taurus. Gemini. Cancer. Leo. Libra. Virgo. The jewels match the constellations. This is the map. This is the map to Earth. Maybe. So is Earth in one of these constellations? We're standing on it. We're standing on Earth. The scriptures say... that when the 13th tribe landed on Earth... they looked up into the heavens and they saw their 12 brothers. Earth is the place... where you can look up in the sky... and see the constellations of the 12 Colonies. I don't know what good it's gonna do us though. Then what are we supposed to do? Search the entire galaxy for one particular star pattern? There. There in Scorpio. I've seen that before. It's the Lagoon nebula. Astro body M8. That's a long way from here. Yeah. But at least now we have... a map and a direction. [chuckles] We have struggled since the attacks,,, trying to rely on one another, Our strength, and our only hope as a people,,, is to remain undivided, We haven't always done all we could to ensure that, Many people believe that the scriptures,,, the letters from the gods,,, will lead us to salvation, Maybe they will, "But the gods shall lift those who lift each other, " And so, to lift all of us,,, Iet me present once again,,, the President of the Colonies, Laura Roslin, Thank you, [knocking on door] I'm okay, I'm okay, really, Yeah? It's just,,,, I don't want our baby born in this cell, Their child? I told you a child would arrive. Told you it would be born right here in this room. How could you ever doubt me? Boomer is going to bear... our child? An honor for which she is hardly deserving... but one doesn't question God's will. Well, you're not a chip. That we've established. Yes. Sharon being pregnant does suggest... that you are rather more than a simple manifestation of my subconscious. I'm not.... Crazy? No. And who... or what... are you... exactly? I'm an angel of God sent here to protect you. To guide you, to love you. To what end? To the end of the human race. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 