Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e7 - Six Degrees of Separation - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 7 - Six Degrees of Separation - full transcript 
 After Baltar has an argument with the vision of Number Six he sees in his head, a physical copy of Cylon model Number Six shows up in Galactica's CIC claiming to be a woman named Shelley Godfrey who has evidence that proves that Baltar has betrayed humanity...except that she's trying to frame him for an act of pre-attack sabotage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE NARRATOR: PreviousIy on Battlestar Galactica.  (DRAMATlC lNSTRUMENTAL MUSlC)  lgnoring me won't help.  No, l've decided you're an expression of my subconscious mind  playing itself out in my waking states.  So, l'm only in your head?  Of course if you're not really here, neither am l.  Do you have any idea what they would do to me if they find out?  They'd probably charge you with treason.  Treason is punishable by the death penalty.  Come on, Sharon. Where are you?  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Where are you, Sharon?  Helo!  BOOMER: We gotta go. Right now.  BALTAR: l don't see the hand of God in here.  Could l be looking in the wrong place?  Let me see. Proteins? Yes.  Hemoglobin? Yes.  Divine digits?  No.  Sorry. l'm sure l can find evidence  of his divine hand in some of these delightful little samples.  After all, there are so frakking many. . .  l'm sure even l can be relied upon to find God in one of them.  What is it that drives you to blasphemy, Gaius?  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A need to tempt fate?  Boredom, actually.  lndeed, every waking hour is spent  in what some might say, has become my own personal religion.  The Church of the Mystic Cylon Detector.  Are you finished?  lf you would give yourself over to God's will  you'd find peace in his love like l have.  Could you help me with this zipper?  l'm having a bit of trouble.  He has a plan for us.  How do you know it's a he?  There is only one true God.  Really?  You running a glitch in the program or something?  'Cause you say the same thing over and over again.  Now, l've accepted your God and all that.  Can't we reboot the hard drive?  He's not my God. He is God.  Yeah, your God, my God, everyone's God.  He's big enough for all of us, isn't he? Now, please.  Please, honey.  Can't we do something a little more elevating?  lt's important you form a personal relationship with God.  Only you can give yourself over to his eternal love.  For God's sake!  BALTAR: l can't take this anymore!  l'm trying to save your immortal soul.  What you are doing, darling, is boring me  to death with your superstitious drivel.  Your metaphysical nonsense,  which, to be fair, actually appeals to the half-educated dullards  that make up most of human society, but which, l hasten to add,  no rational, intelligent, free-thinking human being truly believes.  Which leads me to the inescapable conclusion  that Cylons are, in the final. . .  That Cylons are, in the final analysis, little more than toasters  with great-looking legs.  lt's my fantasy. See if l care.  l'll dream up someone new maybe,  a brunette maybe.  (KNOCKlNG ON DOOR)  Maybe we can dispense with the foreplay.  Get right down to. . .  What did you say?  That was nothing.  l was just talking to myself.  l talk to myself.  Hang me.  (CLEARS THROAT)  The Commander would like to see you in the ClC, Doctor.  There you are. Very nice.  That blouse could open up a button or two. Excuse me?  You wanted to see me, Commander?  ADAMA: Miss Godfrey has brought some very disturbing accusations to my attention.  l think you should have the chance to answer them in person.  Right. Thank you.  And she is?  She's standing right there.  l'm right here.  Yeah, of course you are.  Doctor, this is Miss Godfrey.  (CLEARS THROAT)  All of you can see her? You can all see her!  She's standing right next to you.  Something wrong? No.  Don't make me angry, Gaius.  l'd say you have a serious problem.  Get down.  (CRASHlNG)  Yes, maybe l. . .  You'll have to forgive me, Miss Godfrey.  l'm very pleased, if slightly puzzled, to make your acquaintance.  Don't touch me, you traitor.  ls she talking to me? You talking to me?  You're the one who let the Cylons into the defense mainframe.  You betrayed your entire race.  You're the man responsible for the Holocaust  and l'm here to see that you're exposed  and sentenced to death as the traitor you really are.  (THEME MUSlC)  Doctor, Miss Godfrey has made some startling accusations.  l've never seen this woman before in my life.  l'm not surprised you don't remember me.  l was just a lowly systems analyst at the Defense Ministry.  Dr. Amarak was my associate.  She says you sold out the human race.  That you let the Cylons into our defense plans.  Dr. Amarak told me he had evidence  that Dr. Baltar was involved in the sneak attack.  He was trying to reach the President and give her that information  when he was killed. He told you that, did he?  Yes, as a matter of fact. lt's a pity he's no longer with us.  How convenient that we only have your word for that.  There's also this. Yeah, what the frak's that?  GODFREY: He gave me this for safekeeping.  lt's lD coded.  Colonial Defense Ministry.  Dr. Amarak gave the disk to me before he died.  What, as opposed to after he died?  GODFREY: Amarak gave the disk to me for safekeeping.  On the disk is a photo.  lt was captured from the security camera  in the defense mainframe on Caprica.  lt shows the doctor entering the mainframe  without permission the day before the attack.  BALTAR: Nothing criminal about that.  As you can see, the man in the photo is carrying an explosive device.  Sorry, he's what?  l definitely never did that.  Just before the Cylon attack, the entire defense mainframe  was destroyed by this device.  Honestly, that is not me. l wasn't there. lt's somebody else.  Look, it's not me. l'm not the man in the photograph.  ADAMA: l see a man. Same height, same build,  but that's a long way from proof, Miss Godfrey.  Thank you, Commander. Now, if we're quite done with this charade, l'm. . .  l agree, Commander, but look here.  ln the faceplate of the computer terminal,  there's a reflection of the man's face.  TlGH: You can't tell anything from that. BALTAR: Thank you, Colonel.  With the right equipment, the image could be enlarged and sharpened.  We could see his face.  Enlarging the image is no problem, but sharpening it. . .  Take forever. lt'd take at least a day, sir.  Mr. Gaeta, let me know as soon as you have an image.  Sir.  l'm going to suspend all work on the Cylon detector. . .  What?  . . .as well as your security privileges.  CALLY: Starbuck's notes on the Cylon Raider are a mess.  She said "the engine power-up sequence began by squeezing something  "that looks like a red ligament  "with blue veins on the right side  "coming out of a sack of gooey fluid  "shaped like a dog."  Are you kidding me?  This whole thing is a bunch of veins  and ligaments and sacks of goo.  CALLY: "Squeeze the ligament with your hand  "while you slide your weight  "on your left hip into the lymphatic sack."  TYROL: That's just stupid.  Afternoon, sir.  Specialist.  Chief's inside? Yeah.  TlGH: Chief. God ! Yes, sir?  (GRUNTS)  How's it coming in there?  l'm getting there, sir.  l haven't quite figured out all the tricks, but l'm getting there.  APOLLO: Come on, Starbuck, you can do it.  That smarts.  That smarts, but l don't care.  You don't care.  l don't care, because your pain is my entertainment.  Your crutches of death, sir. Use them wisely.  Shut up.  lt's gonna hurt like hell, but it's supposed to.  Thanks, Doc.  No pain, no gain.  No cliché left unturned  as Kara Thrace returns to the world of the walking.  Can she do it or will she fall on her ass?  l swear to the Gods, l'm gonna beat the crap out of both of you  as soon as l get better.  No, l can't. APOLLO: Yes, you can. You did it.  l can't.  You're not gonna get better lying on your back.  Frak off!  Just take a break for five minutes, we'll try again.  l don't want to do it again. l want a pill, now, please.  Sorry, we're weaning you off the magic pills starting today.  And, besides, l need them for myself.  You son of a bitch.  ROSLlN: l am finding this whoIe thing hard to fathom, Doctor.  Thank you, Madam President.  l can't tell you how much that means to me.  Look, l was wondering, is there any chance  that while this investigation is going on,  l could come back to the Colonial One  because l've left some of my things there.  No, l'm sorry, Doctor.  (CLEARS THROAT)  You have been put on a "no fly" list. Security.  Madam President, l need to get off Galactica.  l need to get away from this Shelly Godfrey woman in particular.  She's got it in for me.  Where are you?  Madam President, l have reason to believe  that she may be a Cylon.  (CLEARS THROAT)  Madam President?  BALTAR: Hello?  Get on the wireless. Get Doc Cottle over here now.  The President has collapsed.  Hello?  ElCK: ls she alive? Yes, the President is alive.  l told you, she's conscious, she's resting.  ALL CLAMORlNG)  She's receiving treatment. What kind of treatment?  Asked and answered. We think it's a stomach flu.  What kind of treatment?  How many of these did you take, young lady?  One?  Two?  Two.  Three.  Three times the dosage.  Must work three times as fast then, right?  Everybody wants to be their own doctor,  you are lucky you didn't lapse into a coma.  You can't cure cancer by overdose.  Story's all over the fleet. l'm so sorry. lt's okay.  lt seemed like an emergency.  l didn't think that anyone might be picking up the transmission.  We're all new at this. lt's okay.  The thing to do now is to get me on my feet  and in front of the press before the end of the day.  l could give you a shot, but you wouldn't like the side effects.  Just do it.  The time is going to come when you are not able to  hide what you're going through.  lt's not that kind of a shot.  Thank you.  Baltar's correct about the convenience of it all.  Amarak just happens to bring you  the key piece of evidence just before he dies.  Something was going on.  He was almost paranoid.  Kept saying that the Olympic Carrier  had been infiltrated by the Cylons.  He wanted me to take some things off the ship for safekeeping.  Why'd he give it to you?  We were friends.  Friends?  l loved him. l loved him very much.  (SOBBlNG)  There are times when l just feel so alone now.  Times when l just want so much to be held again.  You understand that, don't you?  Of course.  There must be times when you feel alone.  And the thought of another body next to yours  seems like something out of dream.  Do not, under any circumstances,  allow Shelly Godfrey to leave this ship.  ADAMA: Put her under surveillance, discreetIy.  l want to know everybody she's talked to, and everywhere she's been.  HELO: Come on, Sharon ! Get up.  (BLEEPlNG)  Excuse me.  (WHlSPERlNG) Lieutenant? ls that you?  (WHlSPERlNG) Doctor?  lsn't this a coincidence?  So, how are you doing?  l'm. . .  You're busy. Yes, l know.  l don't mean to distract you.  Please, don't let me interrupt you.  (WHlSTLlNG)  You still there? Yup.  l know this is an awkward time.  But it occurs to me l haven't told you  how invaluable your assistance has been to me over  the past few weeks.  Thank you, Doctor.  You have no idea how much that means to me.  Not at all.  So how's it going over there?  ln the lab, that is.  l'm talking about the photograph.  Right. lt's coming along  quite quickly, actually.  A few more hours to go.  Has it ever occurred to you that the photograph,  the disk itself could be a fake?  l've already authenticated the disk.  Obviously, you're quite good.  But there are many ways around security.  lf l could join you in the lab for just  two minutes of your time, l could show you.  l really don't think that's possible.  Listen to me, nobody would need to know.  lt would just be you and me.  l know.  For God's sake, my life is on the line.  My reputation is at stake.  So is mine, Doctor. l really. . .  (SHUSHlNG)  Someone's coming.  (DOOR OPENlNG)  Wait, Gaeta! You forgot to wash your hands!  What the hell. . . l want answers, and l want them now!  l'm not interested in playing anymore of your stupid games!  Have you lost your mind?  That's an interesting question,  one l pose to myself on a regular basis.  Now tell me. Who's really in the photograph?  You are!  l didn't plant any bomb, anywhere,  at any time, and you know that.  l don't know anything of this sort.  Now, if you'll excuse me.  (GRUNTS)  All right. Let's entertain the notion, just for a moment,  that you are not the woman that l see everywhere.  You are not Shelly Godfrey, either.  You're a fake. You're just a copy.  Another Cylon copy.  Get out.  Struck a nerve, have l?  Which l find rather impossible to believe!  You think this is over? This is not over!  You have not heard the last. No more Mr. Nice Gaius!  Women.  TYROL: Stupid. Unbelievable.  Frak it!  (GRUNTS)  BOOMER: Not a good time?  No, it's fine.  Guess you're having problems?  l just can't get this thing to work.  l've been over it and over it, and nothing.  l have no idea how Starbuck got this thing to move.  Much less fly.  lt's not really a thing, you know.  lt's probably a Cylon itself.  More of an animal maybe, than the human models.  Maybe they genetically design it to perform a task.  To be a fighter.  Can't treat it like a thing and expect it to respond.  You have to treat it like a pet.  At least that's my guess.  Your guess?  Yeah, that's right. My guess.  Something else you want to say?  No.  Lieutenant. l heard you were supposed to be up on your feet by now.  You heard wrong.  l figured you wouldn't bounce back so fast.  ls there something you wanted, or did you just  drop by to torment me, sir?  Yeah. The Chief wanted me to kick your ass out of bed  so you could help figure out that Raider of yours.  But, clearly, you still need the rest.  Take your time. No rush.  Do you actually think that reverse psychology crap  is going to work on me?  l really don't care what you think, Lieutenant.  All l know is that every day you spend in that bed  is another day that l have my opinion of you confirmed. As you were.  And l am convinced, in fact, that she is a Cylon agent.  ln my opinion, she should be locked up  before she can do anymore damage.  Where are you?  You're having a little fun, eh?  Do you enjoy messing around with my life?  ADAMA: Do you have any evidence to support this charge?  Work on the Cylon detector is nearly complete.  With a few tweaks here and there,  l'll have a test regime up and running.  All l need is a tissue sample from this woman for analysis.  l thought we had something.  Something special.  ADAMA: l can't allow you access to your equipment.  All right.  But under instruction, l can surely  tell Gaeta how to prepare the samples.  lt's not difficult.  Let me be frank with you, Doctor.  lf your picture is on that photograph,  every piece of equipment in your laboratory  will be dismantled and quarantined.  And every person that you have met  will be questioned and investigated.  BALTAR: I Iove you. There, l've said it.  lsn't that what you've been dying to hear?  l am willing to make that commitment to you right now.  The President believes l'm innocent.  The President hopes you're innocent.  And so do l.  Because if you're not, then you've made fools of both of us.  And l don't like to be made a fool of.  And l don't like to be accused of participating  in the genocide of the human race based solely on the word  of a woman whom l have already indicated  to you may well be a Cylon agent.  l'm willing to do anything. Anything at all.  l need your help.  l did not conspire with the Cylons.  l am an innocent man  who is being convicted in the court of public opinion without trial.  WOMAN: Traitor.  (PEOPLE WHlSPERlNG)  (SlGHS)  FEMALE ANNOUNCER: Fire. AII hands report to damage controI stations.  We got a fire! Let's go. Clear the doors!  ALL CLAMORlNG)  ALARM RlNGlNG)  (PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)  Frak!  No fires reported anywhere on the ship, Commander.  TlGH: The exact location of the alarm.  DUALLA: D-Wing corridor where it intersects with C-Wing.  That's the lab.  ALARM CONTlNUES RlNGlNG)  Erase.  (GRUNTS)  TlGH: Put it down !  Put it down.  UNlT 1 : All right, move in.  ADAMA: Take him to the Brig. UNlT 1 : Yes, Commander.  l would like to speak to my attorney.  Can't l speak to my attorney?  l need some representation, it's not what it looks like.  She's got it in for me, that Shelly Godfrey!  STARBUCK: Shut up. All of you.  Not one single word from any of you, okay?  (CLEARS THROAT)  What seems to be the problem?  Your new boyfriend's a bit of a jerk, sir.  STARBUCK: lt's a girl.  lf you don't mind her goo on your face, she's all yours, sir.  Okay. He likes the warm light.  Makes the touch easier, right?  Maybe, okay.  (GROANlNG)  (GRUNTlNG)  This is stupid.  lt's worth a try, sir. lt did fly for you once.  Hasn't made so much as a grunt since.  TYROL: Maybe, l don't know, take it for a ride.  Ride it. Treat it like a horse.  Okay, a horse.  Why not a goat? That's good, right?  Think of it as a goat. Okay. Whatever.  Come on, boy. Giddyup!  (MACHlNE STARTlNG)  Okay, you're kidding. Chief?  TYROL: Don't shoot anything.  ROSLlN: Doctor.  Madam President.  l am so sorry.  Thank you.  You are here to free me, right?  To bring this travesty to a close  because you know l'm innocent.  Just tell me, so l understand,  because l want to understand why.  Why you did it.  l didn't do it. lt wasn't me.  l'm being framed !  Why would she do that?  Because she's a Cylon.  She's a Cylon.  You are going to have to believe me.  l want to believe you.  l want to believe that l haven't made  such a profound error in judgment  in trusting you  and asking your advice.  But here's where we are, Doctor.  lf anyone can be a Cylon, and it's hard to tell us apart,  then we only have one thing left to trust,  our instincts, feelings.  And the moment they told me it was your face in the photo  l knew l believed it.  l believe you're involved in the attack.  Somehow.  l feel it.  You'll forgive me, Madam President,  if l don't wish to be executed  based solely on your gut feeling.  May the Gods have mercy on your soul.  (DOOR CLOSlNG)  HELO: Call it.  Heads.  Heads. You win. You sleep. l watch.  No. You're the one who needs sleep.  l couldn't sleep if l had to listen  to Tyrol read the flight manual.  Okay.  Truth is if something happened to you  l wouldn't know how to deal with it.  l feel the same way.  (THUNDER RUMBLlNG)  Back on the ship  l knew what was going on.  l mean, between you and the Chief.  l think everybody did.  And l respected it. Your feelings, his.  But l would've given anything to be him.  (SlGHS)  l'm not trying to put you on the spot here.  l don't want to step in what you two have.  You feel the way you feel and l have to respect it.  No. lt's not true.  (MOANlNG)  (PANTlNG)  l know that we haven't spoken before.  And l don't wish to offend.  Please.  Dear God,  and l now acknowledge that you are the one true God.  Deliver me from this evil  (STUTTERS)  and l will devote the rest of what is left of my wretched life  to doing good.  l don't know what to. . .  To carry out your divine will, is what l want to do.  To carry out your divine will.  (SOBBlNG)  Grant me grace and forgiveness.  (HUSHlNG)  l'm here now. l'm here.  All will be well.  lt will be as God wants it to be.  (KNOCKlNG ON DOOR)  GAETA: Open the door.  (DOOR OPENS)  Wait. l haven't even had a trial yet.  No! Wait! lt's a lie!  Doctor, it's all right. lt's a lie!  The photograph was a fake. What?  lt was almost seamless, but your face,  the man, the reflection, it was all a fake.  But of course it was a fake. l'd never wear a shirt like that.  How did you. . .  l went back, l re-ran all the security checks.  This time l found markers which pointed to photo manipulation.  They weren't apparent until the photo was fully resolved.  You re-ran the security checks?  Thank you.  l just knew that  you could never have anything to do with that attack.  You're not that kind of man.  lt was really nothing. Once the photos were fully resolved,  it was almost too easy, like she wanted to be found out.  How did she get off of the ship? Got me.  There's been no ships coming or going. l gave you an order.  l had two Marines tailing her.  They say they went around a corner and she was gone.  Every ship in the fleet has reported in, sir.  There's no sign of her.  That's unacceptable. She was here. She was right here.  This woman existed. She didn't just vanish.  Have them check again.  Every ship? Every ship, including this one.  She didn't just vanish.  ROSLlN: . . .that he had been a victim of treachery and deceit.  Clearly, the Cylons wanted to discredit Dr. Baltar  because of his work on the Cylon detector.  Dr. Baltar, it gives me great pleasure  to exonerate you publicly  and to recognize you, once again, among us,  as a scientist, a leader, and a friend.  ALL APPLAUDlNG)  NO. 6: You're a hero.  You're even more popular and powerful than ever before.  You've had your trial by fire,  so now they truly believe in you.  Hard for anyone to accuse you of treason again.  Was that the plan all along?  Build me up in the public mind by first tearing me down?  Right.  Who am l to question the plans of almighty God?  Just one, small, practical question.  Shelly? Shelly Godfrey?  Was there ever a woman really called Shelly Godfrey?  Did she ever actually exist? Was she ever really here?  God's will be done.  (THEME MUSlC)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 