Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e5 - Tuchlin: The Scorpion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 5 - Tuchlin: The Scorpion - full transcript 
 Between 1975 and 1983, brutal sex killer Pawel Tuchlin terrorised the region around Gdansk, Poland. Known as 'The Scorpion' for the swift deadliness of his attacks, he targeted women walking alone. Tuchlin struck without warning, felling his victims with hammer blows to the head before molesting their bodies. He killed 9 women and left 11 more gravely injured. But Tuchlin is also a thief: it was his greed and the theft of 4 piglets which eventually led police to his farm, and sent the Scorpion to the gallows. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their heads, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes which get them caught. Gdansk, northern Poland, 1983. For the last eight years, a serial sex killer, known as the Scorpion, has preyed on women in the area. Yolanta, a 19-year-oldseamstress, is on her way home. She is about to become the Scorpion's 20th victim. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Scorpion caught up with her and propositioned her, asking to have sex with her. Yolanta refusesand tries to run away. He ran after her. After about 200, 300 meters, he attacked her. With Yolanta on the ground, the attacker runs back to collect her bag. He returns and proceeds, brutally, to attack and kill the 19-year-old. He smashed her skull, hitting her 14 or 15 times witha 1 and 1/2 kilogram hammer, completely massacring that young girl. It was a terribly brutal murder. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He took off her underwear. He put his fingers into her vagina and brought himself to orgasm. Yolanta's bodyis found the next morning by the owner of the land. The police have a serial killer on the loose. The pressure is on to catchhim before he strikes again. A dedicated policeteam has been established. It's called Special Group Scorpion. Andre Gavroche is the lead investigator. The team soon discoverhow the Scorpion attacks. He attacks with the element of surprise. He usually struckeffectively and would leave a victim behind while he quietlyand unobserved would disappear. This activity reflects a Scorpion. So that's where the name came from. We are dealing with a very dangerous criminal,assaulting women sexually. Stefan Chrzanowskiis head of the special group. He didnot rape those women or have sexual intercourse with them. He just played with their sex organs. He would undress their lowerparts and play in such a way. With a killer roaming the area, locals in the city of Gdanskand the surrounding villages are on the edge. Men began to collect their wives from work, andtheir daughters from school. Zbigniew Zukowskiis a crime reporter for the local newspaper. There was absolute panic. People were terrified about where the Scorpion would strike next. One thing has to be said, the Scorpion did not leave many traces. He was a very difficultopponent for the special group. But in March 1983, the Scorpion makes a rookie mistake which will lead the police right to his door. We aretalking about a very important event, which led to the identification and arrest of the perpetrator. The Scorpion has stolen a van and is driving from Gura to Dombrowka when he spots 25-year-oldViaswava in her home. He waits until she leavesher house to go to work. Then he runs her over. Herammed her hard enough to have her fall into a nearby ditch. The killer grabs the unconscious Viaswava and throws her into the back of the stolen van. He drives to a secludedforest road and assaults her. He hit her a few times in the head with a hammer. She fell, and so heproceeded to satisfy himself. He played with her. When he was satisfied, he got in the van and wanted to drive away. But got stuck in the mud. So he left the van. Amazingly, Viaswavasurvives the vicious assault. When police visit the scene of the crime, they discover the van stuck in the mud. Through a bizarre series of connections and the unlikeliest of evidence,pig feces left in the van lead them to Pavel Tuklin,a 37-year-old smallholder and electrician. The Scorpion. Andre Gavroche arrests him at his farm and takes him in for questioning. During this questioning, he admitted to one murder, andthen another attempted murder, to the recent incidents. After eight years,the so-called Scorpion is finally behind bars. Faced with overwhelmingevidence collected at his home, Pavel Tuklin eventually confesses to nine murders and 11 assaults. But he claims that he did not know that he had killed anyonebecause the women's bodies were warm when he left them. Tuklin did not particularlygo out to kill someone. His major motivation was,in fact, to gratify himself, to enact out his fantasies. That is his primary motive. The fact that he had to subdue his victims was just part and parcel of that. And it was, to some degree, incidental, particularly initially, as towhether they lived or died. To understand exactlyhow the murders were committed, police take Tuklin back tothe scenes of his crimes. At each location he re-enactshis vicious attacks. Youhave to be an animal to behave like that, to hammer somebody in the head without any hesitation. That is just something truly hideous. And he acted like that to please himself, or as he said, to have sexual fun. That is monstrous. He didn't seem to care. There were no feelings of guilt. He was a calm, cold blooded rascal. The attacks are so depraved, questions are raised over Tuklin's sanity. A team of forensic experts question him to make a judgment. They discover that Pavel Tuklin,the killer known as Scorpion, is driven by perverse sexual urges, stemming from his childhood. Between 1975 and 1983, Pavel Tuklin, the serial sex killer known as the Scorpion, assaults 20 women. He murders nine of them. On May 31st, 1983, police arrest him. Now, eight years after his attacks began, Tuklin is in custody. A team of forensic expertsquestion the killer. Wefully realized the seriousness of the situation and whether he would be sentenced to death or notdepended on our assessment. Jerzy Pobocha leadsthe psychological examination. To discover what drove pavo to clean to commit such horrific crimes the team must go back to his childhood. Tuklin's biography is extremely important because it explains the genesis of his criminal activity. The murders and that kindof sexual abuse of women. Pavel Tuklin is born in 1946 in the small village ofGura, outside Gdansk, Poland. His father is an abusive alcoholic. He beats his son without mercy. Hisfather beat him relentlessly, to such an extent that he cuthis mind off from reality. The greater the beating, the more he became reluctant to make human contact. Growingup in such an environment could have led the Scorpion'spsychological understanding and personality to change and cause extreme aggression in his adult life. The abuse and cruelty Tuklin experiences as a child would play a key role in his murderous future. It may also be responsible for him wetting the bed, something he continued to do well into his teens. The reasons for bedwetting are mainlyrelated to stress and anxiety. This was the case of Pavel Tuklin, who wet his bed till the age of 15 or 16, which completely defied the norm. It was well known information in the village so the girls made fun of him and mocked him. I remember he once said girls didn't want to date himbecause he smelt horrible, of urine. As Tuklin becomes a teenager, he begins to stalk women andvoyeristically spy on them. It's an early stage in aperverse sexual life that will lead, in time, to murder. He was a peeping Tom. He did it according to the saying, necessity is the mother of invention. He desired to engage with women. In practice, it was impossible. So he found another way, notdirectly, but indirectly, at a distance. But at least he had eye contact with them. Tuklin now begins to demonstrate a personality disorder, whichcriminologists call paraphilia. Paraphilias stands for love of the beyond. It basically means that youget sexual gratification from something that is not considered normal or acceptable. Tuklin shows elements of paraphilia and he seems to get off on voyeurism, watching others, on exhibitionism, exposing himself, and also progressively seems to have become attached to the idea of a completely passive,almost unconscious female. When Tuklin is 18 years old, he leaves the village ofGura and moves into the city of Gdansk, 60 kilometers away. He learns his trade as a builder and electrician. In 1973, Tuklin gets married and has a child. Tuklin clearly, at this point, could have had a normal existence. Unfortunately, his sexual predilections were such that he wanted a lotmore that was not on offer. Tuklin's marriage fails. And two years later, he gets divorced. By 1975, he is consumed byhis perverse sexual fantasies. He begins to look for a way to fulfill them. The killer, nicknamed the Scorpion, is about to strike for the first time. At some point, something changed in his personality. Tuklin's predilectionsbegan to get a grip on him. His sexual needs were quite powerful and overriding. But unfortunately for the rest of society, he had to clear psychopathickalis traits which meant that when he felt that he wanted more, he actually went out and got it. He hada general plan in his head. This needed to be a single woman. The place must be safe, in the sense that there shouldn't be any people around. The idea was to act effectively and safely. Tuklin used the phrase hunting. This is essentially what he was doing. He liked the thrill of the chase. He wanted to find victims,randomly, chase them, push them down onto the ground, asyou would an animal that you are bringing down in a hunt. On the 31st of October, 1975, Tuklin goes on the hunt for his first victim. He assaults 21-year-old Danuta,striking her on the back of the head with a hammer. He then fulfills his perverse desires. The attack sets a routine,which he will follow for the next eight years. Somehow,some inner power pushed him out onto the streets. And he got a taste for it. After the first attack, he knew that there would be more because he enjoyed it. What wasonce out of his reach, he could now obtain in a simple way. Whilst growing up, Tuklin witnessed farmers using hammers to knock out animals in the village. It's a brutally effectivemethod, particularly when used on human beings. It was, as we called it, hammer anesthesia. So he just put them in astate of coma, immediately. Between October 1975 and February 1976, Tuklin attacks three women. The attacks stop when, in1976, Tuklin is convicted of theft from his workplace. He spends three years in jail. But the authorities areunaware of his previous crimes. So in 1979, Tuklin is freed to hunt again. On the 9th of November,he sets off with a hammer wrapped in a cloth. Later,Tuklin explained that he bandaged the hammer so it would not chill his stomach when he put it in his trousers, simply for comfort. By the river Radunia,he kills 20-year-old Irena with a hammer blow to the head. She is his fourth victim. True to form, he does not rape her. The needto watch was dominant in him. So there was no need for sexual intercourse. Tuklin did not get off on normal sex. He had a paraphilia for masturbating over naked, stationary female. This was his primary target. For him, to see a woman, to smell a woman was extremely important. He said that during one ofhis contacts with a woman, he put his fingers to her vagina. And later he did not washhis hand for two weeks so that he could smell it and delight in it. Tuklin flees the murder scene, wading into the river before deciding it's too wide to cross. But accidentally, he drops the hammer. Police investigating the crime scene find the murder weapon lying in shallow water. Thehammer was engraved with the initials Z and TK, which stands for the firm that deals with train carriage maintenance in Gdansk. This proved that the hammerhad been taken from this firm. Police obtain lists from the company, detailing everyone who hadaccess to such hammers. Tuklin did work at Z and TK. But unfortunately, his namedoes not appear in the records. If hisname had been on the list, then it is possible he would have been arrested after this murder. But that didn't happen. Police discoverthat locals hunt water rats in the area using hammers wrapped in cloth to avoid damaging the fur. They conclude that thehammer may not be the murder weapon they were looking for. Pavel Tuklin, the Scorpion, escapes the authorities once again. With Poland in the grip ofprofound social and political change, the four separate hammer attacks are not linked by police. You have to frame these events in the historicalcontext that existed then. It was martial law. The police were more focused on finding and capturing dissidents. Tuklin, the Scorpion, continues to hunt with impunity. He leaves little evidence for the police. But the aftermath of hismurders reveal the true darkness of his character. In September 1980, afterkilling 21-year-old Cecilia, the so-called Scorpionsatisfies his sexual desires. Then he searches her bag,taking trophies as is his habit. He would gratify himself, primarily. And his behavior following thiswas actually kind of post-sex, not post-killing. He just simply rifled through the gear as if it was an opportunist jumble sale and took what he fancied, andkept things that he liked. It is characteristic for the perpetrator to take somesmall items from their victims. They treat them as souvenirs of the crimes, which remind them of the event and help them to fantasize about it. They often refer to these items as trophies, just like hunting trophies. Tuklin also finds some food, which he eats by Cecilia's body. Tuklin was able tocalmly eat during, after, and while someone was actually dying. He didn'thave any guilt or remorse. He had gotten tired during theassault, so he had a snack. He seemed totally indifferent. He was not in the emotional world. He actually did not react to the death, the carnage, and the sufferingthat he inflicted on others. In 1980, Tuklingets married for a second time to a woman named Regina. The couple move back toTuklin's home village, Gura. They have a child together. Tuklinis a typical sex offender. Criminologists say that these are people with dual personalities. As a husband and a father,he was seen as a quiet man. He was caring and warm hearted. His wife had no idea he wasable to commit such crimes. However, when he was hunting, he was ruthless, fast, and effective. Despite being newlywed, Tuklin's attacks continue. Six more women are said to bemurdered before he is caught. December, 1982. Pavel Tuklin, the serial sexattacker known as the Scorpion, continues to prey on womenaround the Polish city of Gdansk. He has viciously assaulted15 women in total and brutally murdered seven of them. The police are treating theattacks as separate incidents. But that is about to change. Thecrucial event was the murder of a woman in Skarszewy. Pavel Tuklin went to a restaurant where he drank a shot of vodka. He was walking aroundSkarszewy looking for a woman to attack and to satisfy his sexual desire. Later that nighton a Skarszewy street, Tuklin kills 23-year-oldfactory worker... It's the eighth murder by hammer blow to the head in just three years. Then the people in charge acknowledged that there was a serial killer who was preying on women. We had warned them earlier,but somehow this information got lost down the line. At the beginning of 1983, the police set up a new task force. Special Group Scorpion is born. If thegroup had been formed earlier, then several women could havebeen spared a lot of suffering. The special group get to work. They think that time is on their side. Therehad been long gaps between Pavel's attacks since 1975. After the murder in Skarszewy,we were betting that maybe he would lay low for a while. However, this was not the case. Just 11 days afterthe Scorpion group is formed, Pavel Tuklin goes huntingfor his next victim. His target is 19-year-oldEva in the town of... near Gdansk. He took out his hammer and hit her a couple of times. He pleasured himself until he ejaculated. Again, Tuklinsteals a trophy from Eva. But the timing of this attackshows that the Scorpion is changing the way he operates. He's cooling down period,the time between attacks, is becoming shorter and the assaults, more frequent. The attacks were happening one after the other. The pressure was on to crack down and to work double hard because we didn't know when he would strike again. The escalation of Tuklin's killings once he returned to his home ground is probably a consequenceof him feeling safe and knowing the territory. Miraculously, Evasurvives the brutal assault and staggers to get help. She is able to tell the Scorpion group all she remembers of her attacker. Using her testimony and other witness reports, the team develop sketches showing what the killer might look like. We had three, or maybe even four of them,prepared by a graphic artist. On Theywere sometimes very different from one another because no victim saw the perpetrator clearly. A long face, he was thin, had high cheekbones, and he was rather sad. It's truehe got the shape of the face and the creases right. But the rest was way off. Other than the sketches, the police have very few clues to guide them. But boot prints and the nature of his attacks give them some information. Fromobservations and reports, we knew he must be quite a young man, very active, quite strong, and about 1 meter 80 centimeters tall. Tuklin was not a primitive murder who left behind a mountain of evidence to catch him. The members of the special groupwere under a lot of stress. So we sat and waited for the next victim. With a new victim, there could be new evidence and that could identify the suspect. They don't have to wait long. On the 28th of February, 1983,Tuklin commits a bizarre crime. Using a stolen van, he stealsfour piglets from a local farm. The next day, March 1st, Tuklin is driving the stolen van when he sees an opportunity to attack another woman. This iswhere Tuklin changed tactics. For the first time, Tuklin uses a vehicle in an attack. He puts the unconsciousViaswava into the stolen van and drives her to a secluded spot. When he's finished assaulting his victim, he tries to drive away. But the van gets stuck in the mud. Tuklin is forced to leave itthere and escapes on foot. When police search the abandoned van, they find something unusualin the back, pig feces. They link the van to thetheft of the four piglets. Thetire tracks at the place where the piglets were stolen andthe place where the victim was found were identical. The Scorpion hasleft two significant clues for the investigators. We knew that the perpetrator owned pigs, and therefore couldn't be from the city. Also, police now know he's a thief and that he knows how to hotwire a vehicle. Tuklin gives the piglets,along with various trophies taken from victims, to his second wife, who keeps them at their farm. But it is yet another theftwhich will lead to his capture. Heneeded a cooker to prepare food for the pigs in his sty. Tuklin's neighbor has a pig swill cooker. Brazenly, he steals it andbrings it back to his own farm. Hisneighbors reported him, accusing him of stealing. Local police investigateTuklin and file a report. This theft is set to be afatal mistake for the Scorpion. In March 1983, killer Pavel Tuklin uses a stolen van to attacka 25-year-old, Viaswava. Police find pig feces in the back of the vehicle. It's a vital clue which links the killer to the theft of four piglets. Now a pig swill cooker is reported missing. The owner accuses Tuklin of taking it. Local authorities file a report about the theft, putting Tuklin on the police radar. At the headquarters of Special Group Scorpion, a support worker notices the report and makes a vital connection. The womanwho checked the information knew about the stolen piglets. So when she saw the information,she connected the dots and told us about it. She told us to watch that man because he could be the perpetrator. Detectives investigate37-year-old Pavel Tuklin. They find that he has acriminal record for stealing. And his face matches certain aspects of the witness sketches. Now, lead investigator AndreGavroche goes to Tuklin's farm. On the 31st of May, 1983, we came here in three cars with the intention of arresting Pavel Tuklin. We entered here through this gate. There was none of this netting. No fencing at all. Themoment he saw the police car at his premises, he thought it was about those stolen steamers. Pavel changedhis clothes and got his ID. Hecalmly accepted the handcuffs and was led to the car. And they drove off. It was as banal as can be. I washere for maybe 15 minutes, then we drove off, taking Tuklin with us. Police searched the farm. They find the hammer,stained with human blood. They also discover rings and watches stolen from the Scorpion's victims. At the police station, AndreGavroche questions Tuklin. I asked him how the rings had ended up inhis house and whose they were. He lowered his head and tooka couple of deep breaths. Tell us, step by step, he told us everything and how it happened. Even the police admit it was Tuklin's careless mistakeswhich led them to him. If hehadn't stolen those steamers, we wouldn't have had the information. Usually, the perpetrator getscaught by making mistakes. There isn't such a thing as the perfect crime. It was Tuklin's thieving that helped us to catch him. Now a team of forensicand psychological experts question Tuklin. Over three months, they delveinto his history to determine if he is mentally incompetent. Allof his deeds were analyzed. It's not only what the offendersays about his actions, but what the actions says about the offender. To develop evidence for the trial, Tuklin is taken by police tovisit the scenes of his crimes. There, he reconstructs his brutal assaults. He showed it on a beautiful young policewoman, who acted out the role of the victim. Several times I saw the victim crumple her face as he pretended to hit her. That is how scared she was, eventhough it was a reconstruction and he was in handcuffs. Tuklin demonstrateshis sexual perversions on a mannequin. He seems to enjoy it, andeven jokes with the officers. Tuklin was kneeling next to the mannequin and said, Mr. Prosecutor, I could demonstrate betterif instead of this mannequin, I had this lady. And he pointed at a blonde. He believed he could demonstratebetter what he had done. During one of the reconstructions, journalists approached the Scorpion and asked what he would doif he were ever released. Heraised his head, looked at us, and with a little grin,slowly drawling his words, said, I would hunt. If only he had the opportunity,he would kill again. Even in custody,Tuklin can not restrain his twisted sexual desires. While with us, he made female sex organsour of bread so that he could get sexual arousal. He even used hair. It proved how strong his need to watch was, so that even in prison hedecided to make a substitute of what he did in reality. Thepsychological investigation concludes that Tuklin issane and fit to face trial. He was among the people who can be considered normal. There was, in him, a variant of normality. At the trial, Pavel Tuklinis found guilty of nine murders and 11 assaults. Youhave to remember that the most dangerous beast is a man. The biggest predator amonganimals, is just a man. He is sentenced to death by hanging, becoming thepenultimate person in Poland to receive that penalty. On the 25th of May,1987, Tuklin is executed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 