Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s2e4 - The Videotape Killer/The Sidewalk Strangler - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 2, Episode 4 - The Videotape Killer/The Sidewalk Strangler - full transcript 
 In the summer of 2001 the bodies of several prostitutes are found, unceremoniously dumped at the sides of St Louis' highways. For over a year, police and FBI are mystified as to who is ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notorious killers hide in plain sight, freeto kill and kill again. But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it is their foolishmistakes that get them caught. In the town of Ipswich inthe rural East of England, murders are rare. The average number of murderswithin Suffolk was about seven a year. But in the winter of 2006, that would change. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 2nd of December, the rivers around Ipswich are bursting their banks. As a government official checks water levels, he makes a horrific discovery-- the body of a young womantrapped amongst flood debris. Police comb the brook forclues as to how she died. A mere six days later, they discover another woman's body upstream. The bodies are identified asthose of two local women, Gemma Adams, 25, and Tania Nicol, 19. For us to have two at thatstage in very close proximity, probably linked, was very unusual. And so we didn't know whatwas going to happen next. There was afeeling of shock and fear. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And of course, the big questionthat everybody was asking was, how many more? The sleepyEnglish town finds itself in the grip of a nightmare. No woman is safe. This is a murder mystery played out before the media in an usuallyhorrific and intimate manner. Janet Humphrey is a memberof the Suffolk Constabulary. She knew the two dead women. It was horrific. It was a really scary time. I think the whole of Ipswich and Suffolk were holding their breath. We're a very small, littleforce in a rural area. And this kind of thing doesn'thappen in a small county town. For crimewriter Mark Billingham, it is one of the most intense murder mysteries of recent times. I remember being very aware of it and following it on the news. Not just in a sort of professional, you know, I write about this kind of thing, but it was just deeply shocking. The crimescene poses a major challenge. Detective SuperintendentAndy Henwood is at the center of the investigation. We did everything we couldin respect to those bodies, those victims, to try and find any evidence that might be helpful in establishing who the murderer was. But there is no obvious clue to who is doing the killing. So you start to think youare dealing with somebody very organized, very clever. And what that means is someonevery difficult to catch. On the 3rd of December, the day after the first body is found, 26-year-old Anneli Aldertonis preparing for Christmas. She has a small child and isexpecting her second baby. But later that day, she vanishes. Her body was discovered a week later. On the 10th of Decemberwhen Anneli's body was found, I actually was at my son's birthday party. And I got a phone call. And I have to say, my heart actually sunk. One minute I'm with myfamily at a birthday party. The next minute I know that we've got a third body. The body wasvery carefully laid out, posed in a sort of cruciform shape,which, again, started to lead the police to gather thatthey were dealing with a very particular kind of killer. Thecruciform, or Christ-like, pose of the bodies leadscriminal psychologist David Holmes to suspect the killer ismimicking something they have seen on TV or in the cinema. I would probably go forthe idea that he'd just been watching some very kind of high-impact film, some kind ofHannibal-type film, where this kind of cruciform imagerywas very important in the film. And he thought of tying itin with the kind of killings. The killer'sidentity is still a mystery. But the police soon realizehe's no stranger to the town. Anneli's body was found downa road which I would be pretty confident that it is not aroad that you would just happen across unless you were local. So putting the two together made us think that this was someone whowas local to the Ipswich area. With the police reeling from the discovery of threebodies in only eight days, a major investigation begins. There wasn't anybody at this early stage that was specifically at the top of the pile. Two dayslater, two more bodies are found on the sameday, Annette Nicholls, 29, and Paula Clennell, 24. In 10 days, five dead women have been found. Police have a serial killer on their hands. The level of violence, the number of bodies, would be far less shockingin the center of London, in the back streets of Manchester. A local supermarket worker who claims to know thewomen is brought into custody. A local manwho was very open about the fact that he knew the girls-- you know, there's something verycreepy about this character who said, well, I have knowledgeof all these girls, so you should be questioning me-- and quite rightly, came under a lot of suspicion and was arrested. Thesuspect's name is Tom Stephens. His comments about the dead women in the media lead to his arrest. But little do the policeknow, they have the wrong man. With five women murdered, the Suffolk police are under pressure to putthe murderer out of business. They've got a suspect in custody, but he's not admitting to anything. To assemble the case against him, the police join forces withthe finest forensic scientists in the country. Ray Palmer leads one of the forensic teams assigned to the case. The atmosphere certainly was intense at the time. Here was somebody who waskilling very frequently and, in fact, under the very noses of the police investigation. The investigators know that the best evidence,like telltale traces of the killer's DNA, is usually found at the scene of the crime. With a conviction hingingon a positive DNA match, forensic teams examine the cluesthat were gathered at the scene of each gruesome crime. But finding answers from the first two victims will be a serious challenge. Tania Nicol and Gemma Adamswere reported missing one month before they were found. Both worked as prostitutesin the center of Ipswich. Gemma Adams had enjoyed acomfortable middle-class childhood. But heroin addiction led to a grim life, selling her body on the street. Crime reporter Josh Warwick recalls the dark side of Ipswich. Before the murders in Ipswich,there was a sort of acceptance on one level, perhaps by the authorities, that prostitution happened in Ipswich. It had done for years. Let's turn a blind eye to it,and let them get on with it. WhenAdams' body is discovered, it is trapped alongside flooddebris in a swollen brook. With the torrential rain, it has been rinsed repeatedly by the floodwaters. Gemma Adams' autopsyreveals hyperinflated lungs. They show that she had been fighting for breath in the last moments of her life. So we treated it as a homicide right from the word go, which meantthat we recovered the body in a certain way so that we could preserve any evidence that would still be left upon Gemma's body. Adams had gone missing on the 15th of November. The other prostitute, Tania Nicol, had been missing for even longer. Desperate for clues, policeconduct an intensive search of the brook. We employed the services of a dive team. And that dive team wadedthe depths of that brook. And the next body, which was Tania Nicol's body, was found some mile and a halfdown the stream some six days later. 19-year-old Tania was found on the 8th of December, five weeks after she was reported missing. The fact that the bodies are found in water is bad news for the police. The first two bodies were discovered in water. Water damages the body but, also, destroys any DNA evidence. In respect of Gemma and Tania, who've been in water for some time, we didn't hold out a great deal of hope in terms of obtaining any DNA. Back in the lab, investigators have no luck finding DNA on the first two bodies. It was December. It was really inclement weather. It was lots of rain, lots of wind. And the river in which two ofthe women had been deposited was in full spate. So really, conditions thatthey had been deposited in made the potential for recovering any forensic evidence virtually zero. Whoever was doing this was depositing them in that particular environmentto try and literally minimize any forensic evidencethat might link him or her to that particular crime. For the police, the situation is challenging. They have two bodies and a killer who knows how to kill without leaving behind a trace of evidence-- a killer who will kill again. The police badly need firm evidence to bring the killer to justice. On the 10th of December, everything changes for the case. The third victim,24-year-old Anneli Alderton, is discover to the southwest of the town. Anneli's body wasfound in woods at Nacton, just outside Ipswich. A passerby in their car had seenwhat they thought, initially, was a mannequin in the woodsbut, knowing what was going on locally, went back and checkedand discovered her body, which was reported to the police. At that stage, of course, we then realized we had a third victim. The likelihood at that stage was that her body was linked to the other two. Unlike the first two bodies, Alderton is found on dry land. The police get a break. As far as gathering forensic evidence goes, that's a huge plus for a case. And that was the point at which the case really moved into top gear and thepolice really started to think, now we're going to get something. And we're going to get this guy. Nowthey are able to retrieve DNA from Alderton's body-- DNA that could lead them straight to the killer. Discovering DNA on the thirdvictim is a major breakthrough. Until now, the police have beenunable to zero in on a suspect. But a DNA match to an individualwould move the investigation into high gear. That thirdbody is significant for a number of reasons-- the way the body was laid out, posed, the fact that it was going tobe a body that would hopefully yield DNA evidence, and thefact that it was a third victim, which meant that, strictly speaking, they were now dealing with a serial killer. Very shortly after thethird body had been found, that's when they have thefirst big press conference. Media interestsurges with the discovery of the third body. Two bodieshave been found near Ipswich and... can confirm that this afternoon, at 3:05 PM today, police received a call from a member of the public. He saw what appeared to be thenaked body of a female about 20 feet off the road. And that is when the media start to go crazy. Thepeople of Ipswich are fearful. All three women worked as prostitutes. All three were found naked. Thepolice admit they could be dealing with a serial killer. Cases like this don'thappen in places like Suffolk. That was what I thought. But I was very much aware ofthe pressure that was starting to build in terms of, can the constabulary find who this person is? Can they prevent the murders happening? I actually tried to ignore themedia coverage and the media scrum, if you like, that was occurring outside of police headquarters. As the true horror of the situation hits home, a feeling of dread descends on the town. - I - can still remember going to collect my own son from a school disco and walking back in the dark-- and even concerned, myself. And I think the local womenwere concerned that it-- yes, it was street sex workersthat were being targeted. But we didn't know who it was. And could a different woman orsomebody from a different area be targeted? So it was the fact that allwomen may well be concerned. And we all were. The Ipswich murder investigation steps up a gear. 300 fresh officers arebrought in from across the UK to swell the ranks and begin a dragnet. We had police officersfrom all over the country helping with the investigation. We had some 600 people involved at the peak of the investigation. The policeare under intense pressure. I will need you, at some point, to go. All right? But behind the scenes, they had made a breakthrough. Swabs from the body of thethird victim, Anneli Alderton, give up a DNA sample. It will take two days for theDNA to be analyzed and compared to the DNA database. But DNA is not the onlyline of the investigation the police have. The actual location of the bodies provides data for another detection tool. Samantha Lundrigan is an experton geographical profiling. Geographic profiling is used to predict where an offender might live based on where he's committed his crimes. Offenders have what's called a criminal range, sort of a safe distance, because you can actually be too close to home. And that could be too risky. But they'll also have a maximum distance where they won't move beyond. And that's usually tied upwith this idea of familiarity because beyond that distance, they don't know what the opportunities are either for victimsor for disposal location. All the women were last seen near the red-light district. The first two bodies werefound to the southwest. The third body was found tothe southeast of the town. For Lundrigan, a criminalrange for the killer is coming into focus. Because wehad these two small clusters, one on one side of thecity, or beyond the city, and one on the other side, either it's the red-light districtthat's acting as this anchor, or he's traveling in to goto that red-light district and then moving out in this radial pattern, or he has some sort of base himself in that red-light district. Either way, he knows boththe red-light districts and these disposal locations well enough to be comfortable or feel ableto dispose of a victim's body there. Policebelieve the killer is local. Now geographical profiling narrows the location down even further. It suggests that the killer probably lives in the center of Ipswichnear the red-light district. The killer is still atlarge on the very streets the sex workers ply their trade. Ipswich, December 2006,the Suffolk murders spread fear throughout the community. It was ahorrific time for all of us. I was concerned about thewomen's welfare on the street. And I think you'll find with Paula Clennell, she's a fine example of that. Despite thefact that a predatory serial killer was roaming the streets of Ipswich, sex workers like Paula Clennellstill walk the streets. The 26-year-old mother ofthree is addicted to drugs. She needs up to 500 poundsper day to fund her habit. She is faced with a grim choice-- stay off the streets, endurewithdrawal and be safe, or sell her body to pay for another hit. Clennell's harsh choice wascaught quite by accident by one of the dozens ofreporters covering the story. I need the money, you know? Despite the dangers? Well, that has made me a bitwary about getting into cars, you know? Presumably, you will do that tonight? Well, probably. Fivedays after this interview, Clennell disappears. Alongside another missingprostitute, Annette Nicholls, there are now two local women unaccounted for. On the 12th of December, Nicholls naked body is discovered by a roadsideto the southeast of Ipswich. She too is laid out in a cruciform position. Our force control room had had a call from a member of the public who'd seen a body laying close to the roadside. And we had our force helicopterup and over the scene. And the helicopter couldclearly see, from the downlink, the body of a naked female. And I'd looked away from the screen for a moment and looked back. And I looked back at the screen and then saw what I thought was the same body. But actually, I did a bit of a double take because it was a bodylaying in a different position. And it was very clear very quickly that this was a second body thathad been found at that scene. My heart absolutely fell through the floor. There are two bodies. The second is Paula Clennell, the woman who had been interviewed onthe streets a few days earlier. She knew she was risking her life and paid the ultimate price. Within two days, the total number of victims has risen to five. By the time the fifth bodyis found, it becomes clear that you're dealing with a killer who is killing at a phenomenal rate. The fifth victim turns out to be a woman called Paula Clennell, whohas already been interviewed. She's somebody who's been interviewed on the local TV station. And it's almost as if thekiller is looking at them on television himself, pickingthem off the next night, it seems. There really is a growingsense of horror and panic. Just six days later, Tom Stephens is arrested. We had one particularperson who was being seen very closely-- talking to the media, was known to women who worked in the red-lightdistrict, and who, if you like, was putting himself front andcenter and became of interest. Tom Stephens,a local supermarket trader, seems to tick all the boxes. It's odd. He's the sort of character that,were this a film or a book, you'd go, it's him. With Stevens in custody, there was a major forensic breakthrough. The sample taken from the third victim has produced a DNA sequence. The police now compare the sample with the National DNA Database. They have a DNA match. And of course, the natural assumption is that it's going to beStephens, the man in custody. But it isn't. It turns out to be acompletely different local man, a man named Steve Wright. 48-year-old Steve Wright looks an unlikely serial killer. After a brief period of surveillance, the police swoop on Wright'sflat in the red-light district of Ipswich. Steve Wright was arrestedearly on the 19th of December. Steven Wright,we're arresting you for murder. And a team of officers went to his house to arrest him. And he was very surprised at that time. And in fact, such that his legs gave way, and he had to besupported by the officers. Now what caused that, we don't know. Wright is brought into custody. So interview commences at 3:00 AM. But he is giving nothing away. This is Steven Wright. And he was interviewed over a number of hours and overthe course of a couple of days. in custody, he declined to answer any questions. the last girlto go missing with your DNA, and the one before with your DNA, both on their naked bodies. How can that be? No comment. Once Wright is brought in for questioning, his reaction is one of a manwho is used to being invisible. Essentially, his reaction iscompletely bland, completely. He just looks at them andsays, no comment, no comment, no comment. There's nothing. He is a blank page. He's giving nothing away. Policebelieve they have their man. But there is a problem. All five murdered women are prostitutes. Wright admits to knowingthem and paying them for sex. So the fact that his DNA is found on their bodies does not necessarilymean that he killed them. To convict Wright, the case needs meticulous forensic evidence to convince the jury that Wright is a killer, not just a user of prostitutes. At first glance, nothing in Wright's background stands out as unusual. I think, outwardly,Wright is somebody who was not particularly noticeable. His outward persona, in general,was that of the ordinary chap. So he could always blend in. It's not a deliberate thing. It's just how he was. His life was characterized by low-key jobs that neverseemed to go anywhere. He wasn't particularly good at, perhaps, pursuing anything. He left school early. He did not particularly get good jobs. He took any old job. And that changed quiteregularly throughout his life, as did his relationships. And he was not particularlygood within relationships. Behind the facade of normality lurks an unusually salacious private life. Despite being married, Wrightis a red-light regular. He uses prostitutes. With Wrightand his use of prostitutes, it actually did kind of coincide with him having just got married. And perhaps he's looking for something where he is in control, wherehe can get sex when he wants it in the manner that he chooses as opposed to the rather kind of mundaneregularity of a relationship. Wright'sunspectacular career also includes a spell working ata hotel in Felixstowe, Suffolk, in 2000. Here, he was to make a mistake that would bring the police to his doorstep. Addicted to gambling, he stolemoney from the till of the inn. When he is arrested, his DNA is taken and put on the National DNA Database. It's only because his DNA is on this database that it is possible to match it to the DNA found on the murder victims. The DNA was particularlyimportant to us in that it focused us on Steve Wright. For criminalpsychologist David Holmes, Wright's collapse when is arrested is an insight into his state of mind. Wright's behavior when he was approached by the police, when hewas arrested and charged, was rather strange. He didn't overreact as manykind of guilty parties would. And he didn't massively protest his innocence as many innocent people would. Whether the shock was guilt orwhether the shock has one of, why are you accusing me? It is difficult for us to determine. Mark Billingham sees clues to Wright's motivesin his unusual reaction. The reaction of Wright whenhe's arrested, almost as if he is innocent, suggests thatthis life he has been leading, this life of picking up sexworkers and murdering them, is something that's done by somebody else. It's something that he's sortof dissociated himself from. It's a fantasy life. It's a life of risk andpower, and sex and killing, that is almost something he's observing. So that when that comes crashing in, and the police knock on hisdoor and arrest him for murder, that reaction is understandable. Steve Wright's past has come back to haunt him. But the DNA evidence onlypoints the finger at Wright. Alone, it will not be enough to convict him. The good news for the cops,in terms of the DNA evidence, quickly turns out to be notquite as good as they thought it was because Wright freelyadmits to using prostitutes, to having slept with these women, to having had these women in his car. So of course, his defenseis, well, yes, of course, you have my DNA evidence because I have had sex with these women. So that presents the policewith an enormous problem is they have to find that keypiece of evidence that is going to prove that he did rather more than simply have sex with these women. Ray Palmerbegins a meticulous analysis of other forensic evidence. Once Steve Wright hadbeen identified through DNA, I was requested to look at the surface debris tapings which had been taken from each of the dead women. Surface debris tapings aretaken at the crime scene. It involves using Sellotapestrips to actually recover surface debris that is presenton the skin or clothing of a homicide victim. While Palmer and his team look for fiber evidence on the women's bodies, CCTV footage is analyzed in the hope that it might connect Wrightto the women on the day of their disappearance. This evidence was looked at by an expert from theTransport Research Laboratory. He was able to look at Steve Wright's car, his own personal car, andthen look at the CCTV images that we had. And he could draw a conclusion looking at the shape of the vehicle. The tax disc was in a particularlocation on the windscreen. There was an air freshenerhanging inside the car which was in a particular position. Putting all of those things together gave confidence to the expert that this was actually Steve Wright's car. The CCTV is compelling and links Wright to the women but, again, is no evidence of murder. But then Palmer's forensicteam make a breakthrough. Samples from the three bodiesof the women found on dry land reveal a particular type of polyester material, a dark-colored microfiber. Such fibers are very, very commonly used in things like sportswear. Garments that are constructed of them tend to have a verydistinctive texture, will tend to feel like peach skin. So the information we gave the police at that time was we were looking for something that would be labeled polyester and would likely have a label saying microfibers. And it would have thispeach-skin texture to it. Unfortunately, nothing of thisnature turned up at that time. Palmer'steam then look at the interior of Wright's car. In the frontdriver's seat of Steve Wright's car, these microfiber collectorswere present in huge numbers. But at that time, we had no ideawhat the garment was, in fact, or where it was. The fiberfound on the car seats is the same as thatfound on the dead bodies. They need to find the source of these fibers. Palmer and the police return tosweep Wright's house once more. I remember turningup and walking into this house and straight into the living room. And my initial surprise was I saw this pair of tracksuitbottoms sitting on the settee and neatly folded up. And when I touched it, it had this distinctive peach-skin feel to it. And the color was right. And it was clear that thisitem that been packaged up, ready to go to the laboratory, and somebody had overlooked it. Microfiberfrom Wright's tracksuit bottoms are all over the women and his car. It's yet more evidence that tiesWright to the murdered women, but it's no smoking gun. His defense could explain the fibers away by saying that he hadsimply been with the women, not killed them. The police need more proof. Even with the mounting circumstantial evidence, there was another problem. Serial killers have motives. But for Holmes, Wright is a blank canvas. There was no reason for him to kill like this. One of the curiousfeatures about Wright's killing is he appears not to haveany other motive than to just simply kill these people. Because most killers get some pleasure either from the killing itself or perhaps from some aspect of it, sadisticbehavior, with these people. This seems to be absent in the case of Wright. Wright is a man who would appear to be a motiveless killer. But I think there's something else going on. Steve Wright might have been linked to the bodiesthrough forensic evidence. But because he uses prostitutes, most clues linking him to the women can be explained away. The pressure is on thepolice to assemble a case that will put him behind bars. The feeling was that thiswas something really serious and how difficult it was going to be for us, as a small, provincial force, to deal with a serial killer. Despite the DNA match, the police are still in search of a killer clue. The prosecution needs something unusual that couldn't be explainedby a straightforward sexual encounter between Wright and the women. And they were about to find it. Palmer's team find a new kind of fiber that is present on the bodies. It is short, wiry, and red. It belongs to a garment thatis being held by the police, a reflective workman's jacket that had been found in Wright's flat. One of thegarments that we identified was a yellow fluorescent jacket. Shining a spotlight on the reflective jacketreveals another tantalizing piece of evidence. A subsequentexamination of that jacket revealed there was blood onthe right sleeve which matched Annette Nicholls, blood on the left shoulder which matched Paula Clennell. But the tiny drops of blood could come from a nosebleedor menstrual fluid, not necessarily from a violent act. The police were using every single procedure thatthey had for the gathering of forensic evidence. There were, of course, scrapings for DNA, all that sort of stuff, tapingsfor fibers, hairs, anything was being analyzed tryingto find that killer piece of evidence-- the killer piece of evidence in a fragment of dust. Palmer ispresented with a problem. He has helped identify clothingthat ties Wright to the victims and has even pointed the fingerat a garment that betrays blood from some of the women. Despite all of thediscoveries, none of the clues point to actual violence. He turns to the first victims to see if their bodies are still holding any secrets. Palmer looks at the hair of Adams' and Nicol's. He's searching for evidencethat the women suffered violence at the hands of Steve Wright. After five weeks in ariver, Tania Nicol's hair is filled with debris. Palmer decides toseparate out the elements caught within it using a technique borrowed from paleontology. This involved us taking the hair and washing it in receptacles. The idea being that the water would allow any of the hard particulates to sink to the bottom and any fiber evidence to rise to the surface. As theyfilter these particulates off, they strike forensic gold. They discover a tiny synthetic fiber. The investigation really moves up a gear when the forensic examiners find a synthetic fiber deepin the scalp of Tania Nicol. And it's very easy to match those fibers with particular types of carpet. The forensicteam scour Wright's flat and his car, searching for a match to the fiber from Nicol's hair. This particular fiber matched the fibers comprising the carpet of Steve Wright's car. And there was only one way this fiber could have got broken off deep in Nicol's hair. Now Wright, of course, issaying, yes, she was in my car. But now the police are thinking, well, why has her head made very violent contact with the floor of your car? And that's when they reallyknow they've got their man. The discovery of the fibers and link to the floor ofWright's car is a vital clue. It is a powerful addition tothe evidence put to the jury. In court,the evidence was presented. And there was forensic evidence of fibers. There was forensicevidence in respect to DNA. We had CCTV evidence which placed Steve Wright at thescenes at the right time. We had ANPR, Automatic NumberPlate Recognition, evidence which put him travelingalong a main road at a time when one of the victim's body was deposited. Wright is bombarded withthe evidence, piece of it after piece of it. And all he can do is claim thatit's all just a coincidence. He's somebody who was in thewrong place at the wrong time. Yes, I happen to know these women and used these women sexually. But, you know, this evidenceis purely coincidental. He's got nothing. And to everyquestion the prosecution counsel put to him, they would say, is this coincidence, Mr. Wright? And every answer would be the same. "It would seem so." Very impassive, unemotional,very cold responses. So there is no smoking gun. What there is is just aphenomenal amount of damning, circumstantial forensic evidence. And faced with that evidence, the jury have no choice but to find SteveWright guilty on all counts. Despitethe guilty verdict, Wright remains an enigma. For Holmes and Billingham,Wright's sheer normality is the key to unlock the mystery of his motive. The Steve Wright case, in general, is a very odd one. You do not have acharacteristic serial killer. You do not have someonewho is clearly someone who has, you know, got kind of psychopath written across their forehead. Steve Wright appeared to haveone characteristic that did set him apart from his peers. And that was his need for taking risk. ForBillingham, Wright's life story shows a steady increase in the amount of risk he takes with a tragic end result. He is a man who isdeeply disappointed at just how ordinary and uneventful his life is. So what starts off as a bit of theft because he's got into somefinancial difficulties escalates into the risk of using prostitutes. That escalates still further into the risk of murdering prostitutes. And that becomes his escape. That becomes the way he can stop being ordinary. But if you look across his life, the one thing that SteveWright seemed to crave and be motivated by was simplytaking risk, and taking risks that were greater and greater. For Andy Henwood, temptation ultimately played a part. We know that he'd moved into that area literally weeks beforehand. It was an area which wasfrequented by sex workers. Potentially, he's perhapslooked out of the window, and he's seen the women working. And it's become too much of a temptation. Sadly, until such time as he chooses to tell us why he did this, we just don't know really why he went on this spree. On the 21st of February, 2008, Wright is found guilty of all five murders and sentenced to life with a recommendation that he is never released. The Suffolk Strangler is finally off the streets. Remarkably, there has been a positive effect after Wright's reign of terrorfor the town of Ipswich. The one really positivething that has come out of it is the way that prostitutionhas been tackled in Ipswich. When you look atIpswich today and the area that was blighted by street sex-working, now compared to 2006, it is acompletely different place. Ipswich nowhas the most effective scheme in place to protect and support sex workers in the United Kingdom. And so those young women's deaths weren't in vain because, in a sense, they've saved many other women. I think it's been an absolutely positive effect from something horrific. There are no women on the street for a killerlike Wright to strike down. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 