Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e2 - Kot: The Vampire of Krakow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 2 - Kot: The Vampire of Krakow - full transcript 
 For two years the baby-faced killer Karol Kot terrorised the Polish city of Krakow. Unlike many serial killers he appeared to have no fixed modus operandi when targeting his victims, which made tracking him down difficult. He began his attacks on elderly women, but after a two-year break, he moved to attacking children. An 11 year old boy is found stabbed to death: the boy's internal organs have been punctured in the frenzied attack. A young girl is targeted shortly afterwards. Witness statements link a schoolboy with the crimes. The country is horrified. The killer is finally caught when he confides in a potential partner. His attempt to impress her backfires. Instead she's horrified and goes straight to the police. Once in custody, the schoolboy Kot reveals he drank the blood of his victims as they lay dying. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes which get them caught. In the 1960s, teenagerssaw freedom of expression as theirs by right, butonly in the decadent west. Behind the Iron Curtain, young people could only dream of freedom. But one of them didn't suppress his desires, the Vampire of Krakow. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 In September 1964, rumors ofa brutal murder in a church spread through the Polish city of Krakow. This is the third knife attackon elderly women in less than a month. By some miracle, the first two victims had each survived a singleknife strike from behind. But this time, the blade piercedclose to the woman's heart. A nun found her still alive,but it was too late to save her. The citizens of Krakow listened to the news with a mixture of horror and disbelief. There was a massive panic in Krakow, especially amongst the elderly. People didn't know thedetails on how it all happened or where it happened. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There were rumors it happened in a church, but it wasn't clear which one. Of People werescared to go into church. They didn't know on what criteria he chooses his victims. So there was a general fear in Krakow. Crimescientist, Kacper Gradon, looks back at how the police reacted to the crimes. After the first attack, the police did not think that they had a serial killer on the loose. They really thought it was an attempted robbery or something of that kind. But less than a week later,they have got homicide. So because the victims are allattacked with one knife blow, they were pretty sure that thiswas the work of one person. Now fearing a serial killer could be roaming the city, police turn to Krakow citizens for help. The police had absolutely no clues, so they were placing ads in the newspapers looking for witnesses. In cities across Poland, news has filtered through ofKrakow's mysterious murderer, despite communist Poland'siron grip on the press. I was in highschool in those times. Back then, information about crimes didn't see daylight in the everyday press because of strong censorship. Only when police needed help would they publish a short story. But only in Krakow. And no one would read about those stories in Warsaw or... However, there was a grapevine, and that was enough to cause panic. People were afraid to go out. Poland is on high alert. Newspapers say all the womenwere stabbed in broad daylight, in public places, and reportthat the first victim thought she had been knifed by a young male. The only thing they knew, was that it was a youngman attacking with a knife from behind. He wasn't stealing. He didn't want anything from victims. He didn't say a word to them. That was a big puzzle. Weeks pass,there are no more attacks. The city relaxes. And pretty soon, the murdersbecome playground jokes. My friends and Iwould joke about the elderly protecting themselves from the psychopaths by covering their chests with cooking pan lids, and attaching chopping boards to their backs. We all used to laugh about it. Krakow gradually forgets the bizarre spate of violence. And the investigation, withnothing to go on, is shelved. However, two years later in February 1966, the bloodied body of an 11-year-old boy is found in a park. He's been stabbed to deathin a frenzied attack. The unknown offender killed the boy with utmost cruelty, stabbing him numerous times. All of them could be fatal. In criminology, we call thattype of behavior an overkill. The pathology report shows that all of the boys internalorgans were punctured. There was absolutely noway he could have survived. With no obvious motive for theattack, and few clues to go on, the police investigation was getting nowhere. Until a taxi drivermentions he saw a young man close to the murder scene. The description matches a youngman seen close to the spot where the old lady was attacked two years ago. The press announce that the oldlady killer is on the rampage again-- this time, targeting children. The police refer to the killeras a young man, and again, hope the publicity will give them the breakthrough they need. But many take the newspaperreports with a pinch of salt, convinced a youngster couldn'tevade the police for so long. We knew that there must have been a madman out there. One wouldn't normally associate a psychopath with a young person. You would rather picturehim as a middle aged person, someone who would stand out, whowould look like a psychopath. To the public, thekiller seems unstoppable. The entire case, at that time, was surrounded by some kind of mythology. To the general public, hewas probably considered to be a criminal mastermind. Nobody knew who he was. He was able to do what he did and escape, without leaving anyincriminating evidence behind. But it was thekiller's choice of victim that was most alarming. He attacked bothlittle children and old ladies. So people would be scared togo to the church in the evening when it was empty. If he was attacking old ladies, that would mean he is after old people. But he was attacking both young and old. I mean, the police couldn'tfind out his motives. Whoever this killeris, the residence of Krakow kept a close eye on their youngsters. But their cautiousness is not enough. A young girl is running anerrand, collecting mail, from the apartmentpigeonholes for her mother. Two monthslater, he attacked again-- attacking a 7-year-old girl. He stabbed her, numerous times. The furious assault isalmost identical to the attack on the boy. But miraculously, the girl is found alive. She is rushed to hospitalwith severe internal injuries. Surgeons fight to save her life. Against the odds, the little girl survives. Police decide to release moreinformation about the attacker, they hope to getwitnesses to come forward. They reveal that the murdered woman's dying words were that herattacker was a schoolboy. The citizens of Krakow are horrified. And despite the new revelation,there are still no new leads. And behind the scenes,police contact psychologists in the hope of getting an insight into the killer's identityand motives before he strikes again. They knew that this was a boy, so based on that theycame up with some hypotheses. How big was he. What were his skills. Where he might have lived. What was his psychological makeup. But before police can act on their new psychological profile, they receive some startling information. A young woman comes forward. She knows who the killer is. A certain Karol Kot is chargedwith the attacks and murders. When his photograph hits thenewspapers, the city shudders. The baby faced killer, really is a schoolboy. Astonishingly, Kot hadbrought about his own downfall by boasting of his attacks to the young woman. And she had told the police. The arrest stuns Kot's schoolmates. When he was arrested, everyone was shocked and could hardly believe it. We felt powerless. We felt sort of sickened that wehadn't been able to stop this. Kot proves tobe no ordinary schoolboy. A picture of a knife obsessed loner, with an unpredictabletemper, starts to emerge. His schoolmates had evenjoked that Kot was the killer, never thinking it was true. I remember aboutafter the murder of that boy. When we got to school, we joked,Karol, it must have been you. And he didn't reveal anyemotions at all, nothing. We didn't have a clue. Nobody suspected anything before. Grisly details of Kot's crimes spread across Poland. I found out during the trial that he was nearly myage, from a good family-- not a pathological family. I wondered why such a young and intelligent person turned into a vampire. The public's fear turns to horror when Kot proudly admits that hedrank the blood of his victims as they lay dying. When themedia heard from the police that he enjoyed drinking blood, Kot was referred to as the Vampire from Krakow. That was the nickname that stuck, and that's how he's beenknown for the last 50 years. Karol as a vampire, as a murderer, We didn't think that itcould be somebody so young. We were 19 years old. But after connecting all the facts, we were able to see the whole picture. We got very scared. Karol Kot, the baby-faced killer, relished his notoriety asthe Vampire from Krakow. But his killing spree wasalmost much, much worse. In 1968, 21-year-old Karol Kot is charged with two murders and a series of attempted murders and arson. Dubbed the Vampire ofKrakow because of his taste for the blood of his victims, he offers no defense and no apology. I remember the Vampire from Krakow. According to the press, heloved blood and killing. When they caught him, they made out that it was a big achievement. There were reports in all the newspapers about this great police success. Jubilant policefilm a reconstruction of Kot's attacks. And the killer appears onlytoo happy to cooperate. But Karol Kot's cheerful accounts of his murderous exploits sent achill through communist Poland. Nearly five decades later,British criminal psychologist, David Holmes, sees beyond the headlines to the underlying significance of Kot's crimes, and the disturbing psychological basis for his actions. Oddly enough, Karol Kot doesn't really attract that criminologicalinterest because of the kind of vampiristic side to it. It's the very impersonal nature of the killings, almost killing by numbers approach to it, which seems to give me,at least, the sense of intrigue to look further into this case. Kot was born in 1946 in the ruins of post-war Krakow. He was an only child, doted on by his parents. But when he was eight years old,his mother gave birth to a baby girl, and his life changed. Kot claimed thathe really loved his sister. But at the same time, he wasalso very jealous of her. He said that their parents lovedher more than they loved him. And when they were alone at home, and their parents were at work, he would beat her and make her cry. Most people have some idea of sibling rivalry, a little bit of competition. But this is extreme. Kot later described how he also attacked his sister's pets. They represented, if youlike, his hatred for sister. This is the kind of thing thatyou would associate with a very fledgling psychopath. This is someone who does not have the normal restraints of the average individual, the same empathies. Kot's fascinationwith animals and violence went much further. In police interviews, Kotdescribed that as a young boy, he started to visit the local slaughterhouse. He saw the animals being killed, and he really liked watching it. He said that he tastedblood, first of all, for fun. But at the same time, he noticed that he really enjoyed doing it. Kot's fascination with the slaughterhouse provided him, I believe,with some of his earliest sexual experiences. He actually began to becomeexcited in the presence of the death of animals, the spelling of blood, within the slaughterhouse. Kot took what helearned from the slaughter house and began killing animalshimself using his growing collection of knives. Gradon believes Kot's world has spiraled far away from the norm. This addsup to a complete portrait of a psychopath, but withvery obvious sadistic traits. But even as a youngster,Kot is well aware that what makes him tick is taboo. And he goes to extraordinary lengths to conceal his urges from his parents. Kot described how he feigned revulsion when his mother preparedfish for the family supper. Kot realized what hedesires, sadistically, is not acceptable to his parents-- the only people in theworld who have accepted him. Crime writer, Mark Billingham, sees a boy playing the system. He sees how they behave,and he knows that's not him. So he pretends. He tells his parents that hehates it when he has to gut a fish and this sort of stuff. But actually, some switch has been thrown. By the time Kot had finished school, he had developed asophisticated, if eccentric, persona. He was aloner, bit of an outcast. He looked a bit like an office worker. He had characteristic nervous movements, and looked a tiny bituncoordinated and strange at the same time. Kot's schoolmates found his quick temper and weird obsessions enough to make them wary. Karol alwayssmiled when he heard stories about violence and killings. Even at school, he loved it. Kot made no secretof his love of weapons, and often took some of his knives to school. I remember, once, Carol pulled out the knife he used to carry with him, and he stabbed the table with it. It went through the table, andhe couldn't pull the knife out. I think each of us, if we think about it, has probably met somebody or knows somebody a little bit likehe would have been at school. You know, the one who's into kind of-- he's the one that loves knives,and talks about how he could kill you with his bare hands. You know, I've met characters like that. And what that was, in a way,was his way of disguising his true personality. Despite hisshort fuse and a fixation on weapons and death, Kot'sfellow students accepted him-- albeit at arm's length. In everyday life, even though he played with theknives, he was a good pupil. He did what he was told to do by his teachers. They just wanted him tobe fitting in with the pack. They didn't want him to be asodd as he really was at core. Kot's obsession with weapons led him to join a rifle club,where he became a crack shot-- winning several competitions. At the gun club, at least, Kot was recognized as a model citizen. He found his home, if you like. He found people who had recognized his skills with weapons. And that to show prowess with weapons was to have some status in life. Well, I guess it's the only place he could be. I mean, there was no kind of knife club. There wasn't a meeting placewhere lots of like minded souls could get together and butcher animals. So, you know, rifle club waspretty much all he could do. But far from being asafe outlet for Kot's passions, the rifle club is his feeding Kot's fantasies. You've got someone who has asadistic interest in killing. And in that particular situation, his fantasies and the realities of his skills were becoming dangerously close. Today, Kot's brazeninterest in death and weaponry would immediately single him outas a potential school shooter. But in 1966, he was just another weird kid. And nobody recognized the signs. By the time Karol Kot is 17, he's ready to put his obsessions into practice. After attacking the elderly, Kot goes for defenseless youngsters. This was a very kind of almostnerdy approach to killing. Choosing victims who are lesslikely to struggle or fight back, therefore there's goingto be less interaction and more fantasy, because it would rather disrupt his fantasy if somebody turned round and grabbed him by the neck. For two years,Kot evades the authorities. But then he makes an unbelievable blunder. He tells a friend at therifle club about his attack on the 7-year-old. She doesn't believe him, until she reads about the attack in the news, and immediately goes to the police. Kot is arrested. When questioned, Kot denies everything. But police would soon findout the horrifying truth. Not only was Kot the murderer, he also drank his victim's blood. For almost two years, police have tried in vain to catchthe killer of an old woman and a young boy. Crimes also linked to a series of attempted murders, which left traumatized survivors with horrific knife wounds. Then, in 1966, 19-year-old Karol Kot is arrested after he tells a friend that he has stabbed a child. Karol Kot openlytold her that he hates people. That he enjoys killing. And that he attacked a little girl. Luckily, Kot's horrified friend told the police. The police weren't on Kot's trail. Nobody was observing him. He wasn't in the circle of suspects, so it would have taken a while to catch him. If his girlfriend hadn't have helped the police, I don't know when they would have caught him. This is the breakthrough police had hoped for. But when police interview their suspect, he denies having anything to dowith the murders or the attack on the girl. Kot is brazen about everything. But when confronted with the fact that his surviving victimshave all identified him, he immediately confesses. And the police tell the nation that they have caught the attacker. Catching theculprit, or the vampire, we had a sense of triumph. When we found that it was Karol, we were wondering where his aggressive habits and his motives come from. Nobody could find a rational explanation. Gradually, the truth about Karol Kot's murderous rampage begins to unfold. Far from being the mastercriminal that some had imagined, Kot had madeone big mistake, allowing some of his victims to survive. This meant the police could link him to both the old lady killing andthe more recent child attacks. And the survivors could identify him, confirming the friend's story. Mark Billingham tries to make sense of the blunder that came backto haunt Kot after his arrest. The big question for me is, why does he leave these victims alive? He's got a fantasy, whichhe wants to live out, which involves killing people, which involve butchering them with knives. He does that, and then leaves them alive. What's going on there? That is baffling to me. Kot had intendedto kill his victims, but had failed to do it properly. Crime scientists, Kacper Gradon, puts Kot's failure to finishoff his eventual accusers down to simple naivety. With the first attacks, Kot was still an inexperienced murderer. He's not even 18 years at the time. His only violent experiencesare with animals, and he's never killed a human being before. He's still a rookie. Rookie or not, in Kot's mind, he had killing down to a fine art. He applied what he thought wasthe correct technique, actually penetrating the person throughthe rib cage at the most direct route to the heart. This should have been a sure kill. It arcs back to Kot's experiencein the slaughterhouse, where it was always a singleblow to kill the animals. And he would expect that, of course, to be a single blow for killing humans. Kot's total confidence in his killing abilities could be the reason he left witnesses, who would later point the finger. Perhaps he genuinelythought, they're gonna die. I've killed them. I know how to butcher an animal. But he never actually considered the fact that these victims were not dead yet, and could possibly turn round and identify him. Despite his youthful inexperience, Kot repeatedly managed to avoid arrest. Gradon believes it'smore than just pure luck. Kot is choosing his victims from a segment of populationthat poses no threat to him. He's choosing the locationsthat are safe for him. There are too many people around. And he disappears. He uses his own weapon. He takes his weapon from the crime scene. And he disappears. After Kot's first kill, the knife attacks stoppedas suddenly as they began. But the mystery deepens when, after 17 months, Kot re-emerges with adifferent style of attack. Kot Struckagain in the winter of 1966. This time, he attacked an 11-year-old boy. In that attack, he uses much more force. He stabs many more times thanis needed to kill his victim. This is the overkill. He had destroyed virtuallyevery organ in the boy's body. The boy was certain to die froma tiny number of those blows. To carry on what we call overkill, and it showed a certain amountof control and confidence. Kot's original method was to kill with a single knife strike. So this frenzy representsa profound escalation. Something builds in thosetwo years, that then manifests itself in the horrendous killing of the boy, the overkill murder. And at that point, he is gripped by a frenzy and there's no going back from there. He's not going to take another two years off. The full horrorof Kot's warped world was only revealed when he detailed his exploits to police interrogators. Kot confessedthat after each and every one of his attacks, no matterwhether his victims lived or died, he would take his knifeand lick the drops of blood from the blade. He learned that as a young child, watching animals being slaughtered. And he recreated the same circumstances when he was killing people. Billingham wondersif Kot's vampiristic fantasy sheds more light on his failureto finish off his victims. What was important tohim, so important to him, was just that moment of drinking the blood and the enjoying that. He's so taken up withmaking this fantasy real, he doesn't ensure that they're dead. Whatever hismotives, and despite failing to kill all his victims, Kot is still beyond the reach of the police. But then, he makes a fateful decision-- to confide in a friend. Why, at the point where he's kind of unstoppable as a killer and thisfrenzy has got hold of him, does he completely turn around and confess to the girl. That is baffling to me. Maybe he confesses to this girl because he does want to get caught. When policefinally do catch up with him, they discover Kot had a sinisterplan to kill even more people. This time, not with knives, but poison. 19-year-old Karol Kot was arrested in 1966 after terrorizing the city of Krakow with a string of brutal knife attacks. The bizarre circumstancesthat lead to his downfall have captured the imaginationof generations of experts. Kot's biggest blunder, andfor which he is somewhat famous, is actually confessing hiscrime to a female friend at the rifle club. Up to that point, he's avery difficult killer to catch. He then goes and tell somebody, it's insane. Kot's balmy confessionto his friend made police suspicious that he might have been planning to plead insanity at his trial as a way to avoid the death penalty. They were so concerned, theywaited until Kot had sat his final school exams before arresting him, as a way of proving he was sane. The fact that he passed themenabled the police to say, well, he's clearly not insane. Look at how well he's done in his exams. There's no way on God's earththat would happen today. Nevertheless, the reason for Kot's boast to the girl mustlie in his warped world view. Kot is kind of associatingthe rifle club as a safe haven. And he had the confidenceto actually believe that this female friend of his was going to be accepting of this very alien and bizarre behavior. I think that hewas still thinking that he's so smart, so intelligent,that he's going to manipulate that girl and make her his. Maybe his partner in crime, or an accomplice. The girl had socialized with Kot a few times. But then, he decided to share some of his weird, violent fantasies with her. For him, it's very much like a cat bringing home a dead bird to its owner and expecting the owners to be incredibly sort of grateful and impressed. I don't think he was confessing. He was kind of showing off. He's making a move on her, you know. He's hoping she's going to go, really, that's a bit naughty. Let's, you know, let's go tomy bedroom and have some fun. And actually, she just told the police. But Kot's clumsy,romantic approach to the girl just reveals his naivety with the opposite sex. Something Billingham believes may be the motive for his crimes. There's an interview with himwhere the interviewer says, is this about sexual satisfaction? This killing that you did? And he said, well, it was satisfying. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed watching my victims suffer. I can't tell you whetherit was sexual satisfaction because I've never really known what that's like. And that really leapt out at me, there's your kind ofmotive behind everything. Whether it was an irrational impulse or a bizarre attempt toimpress, boasting to the girl was Kot's downfall. And as the police interviews continued, the surprises didn't stop. Kot's 17 month long breakbetween murdering the old woman and attacking the children had baffled investigators at the time. And is almost unprecedented inany serial killer's profile. The first attackson the old ladies happened on almost a daily basis. And then something changed. And the perpetrator changed his behavior. But the mystery is solved when Kot reveals he had notretired from killing at all. In those 17 months, he had been experimenting with the deadly art of poisoning. We know, from Kot's statements during his interviews, that he was planning to kill many people. And he was even explicitly referring to poisoning as a militaryway of disposing of enemies. He wanted to show off his skills in weaponry. And poison was one of these. Kot begins hispoisoning campaign by, once again, selecting easy targets. This time, it's his schoolmates. Jan Ksiazek was 17-years-oldwhen he went on work experience with Kot. And a tea break nearly cost him his life. I poured myself some tea and tried to drink it, whenI smelt the pungent chemical. I took a sip and spat it out. I simply thought, my tea had gone off. In that moment, I looked athim as I felt him watching me. He looked suspicious. As he later confessed, he poisoned my tea with potassium arsenate. Kot, again, went for the overkill thing, thinking he did not want to mess up. But used so much poison thathis friend found it repugnant. And it failed because of that. Unfazed by his abortive attack on his school friend, Kotrolled out his toxic assault across Krakow. In an incredible piece of film, Kot himself shows police exactly how hewent about his murderous scheme. In that year and a half, he had tried to poison people-- collecting poisons and pouringthem into lemonade or beer bottles that he'd leavehere and there in Krakow, hoping that somebody wouldget thirsty, drink, and die. Luckily, he only failed because nobody was interested in drinkingfrom open bottles. By some miracle,it seems nobody was killed by Kot's poisoning spree. It was like it didn't really matter to him. He'll cut them. He'll poison them. He'll bludgeon them. He'll shoot them. It's all about the power over life. It's all about being able to take human life. Whether Kot wasmotivated by the simple impulse to kill, or a cocktail of urgesthat included drinking blood, the people of Krakow got the chance to make up their minds when Kot was put on trial in spring of 1967. The trial waswidely publicized by the media, as the court was open to the public. It went on for about twoweeks, if I remember correctly. And all of Krakow was buzzing about it. Throughout his trial, Kot remained unnervingly cheerful. It's a very odd situationwhen you have someone who has a deficit of this type,but looks to the world as if they are reasonably normal. It's a very difficult thing for the public to actually take on board. I kept looking athim when he was in the dock, and he had this characteristic smirk on his face, which had made me so suspicious of him in the past. He also had this cold,glazed stare, which reminded me of some images of Hitler. It was the kind of look thatsaid a lot, like, I'm going to do this and that to you. And so what are you going to do about it, then? His schoolmatestestified that they had been extremely wary of the knife obsessed Kot, but had not assumed he wasthe murderous schoolboy the police were looking for. What he did, so brilliantly,was hide in plain sight. He wasn't, like, that's the quiet kid that never says anything. It's like, he's the nuttykid that loves guns and knives and, you know-- so couldn't possibly be anythingwrong with him, could there? Kot's school friends could be forgiven for not spottingthe murder in their midst. But to the court, it was clearthat this strange and alienated young man had made littleeffort to conceal or control his murderous instincts, yet had appeared to run rings around the police. It became rather embarrassing,for the authorities, because this series of blunders emerged. Kot might as well have just given his victims his name and address. He was leaving them alive. He was seen. He was sneaking out during breaks in school to commit these attacks. So the big question at the end of the trial, almost more important than was he sane was he not sane, was how did he get away with it for so long? Why wasn't he caught earlier? As soon as the police had realized they had a serial killer on the loose, they made newspaper appeals for witnesses. But they received little help Poland, at thattime, was a communist country. And the police was a paramilitary arm of the government, so the people generally thought any kind of cooperationwith the police force to be totally unacceptable. But policeobtained little information of any significance. When it comesto trusting the police, it was much worse at the time. It was well known that you would not know how it's going to be used. Often, if a crime was unsolved, that person would be in a lot of trouble. And then they would be invitedfor further cooperation. I'm afraid even if someoneactually saw what he was doing, they would not report it. Krakow's then secretive, and perhaps politically motivated, police force was no match for the bungling teenage killer. He was his own worst enemy. Before he was executed, Kot made a statement-- I don't regret anything. If I could, I would murder again. Suffering of the victims gave me happiness. I had grand criminal goals thatI deeply regret not achieving. I planned to kill adults and children. He acceptedthe death penalty calmly. He didn't repent. We felt relief that it wasn'tgoing to happen any more. Thankfully,there's not much trace of him in Polish history. It proved that it was possibleto get away with murder, right under people's noses. I think that hepurely enjoyed hurting people. And that was not a sign of a mental illness, but rather of a deep sadismand a very clear psychopathy. That might be a scarythought, but at the same time, it's very important to remember that serial homicide is one of the rarest crimes you can think of. Karol Kot's murderous rampage still reverberates throughPoland, almost 50 years after his death. And the baby-faced killerwill always be remembered as the Vampire of Krakow. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 