Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e6 - Onoprienko: The Terminator - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 6 - Onoprienko: The Terminator - full transcript 
 Anatoly Onoprienko, 'The Terminator', earned his nickname from an unprecedented spree of mass killings in Ukraine. In just 4 months he slaughtered 43 people, entering households and murdering whole families at a time. Children and even babies fell victim to this merciless killer. Onoprienko claimed he was on a dark mission for supernatural powers, that he heard voices in his head telling him to kill. But in reality he killed to make money: his arrogance and avarice led to his downfall as police found over 100 trophies stolen from victims stashed in his apartment. Onoprienko is sentenced for 52 murders, making him one of the most prolific and evil serial killers of the century. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their heads, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes that get them caught. Ukraine, the 22nd of March 1996. Outside the town of Busk, acold blooded serial killer was on the loose and ispreparing for his next attack. He's already killed 36 peoplein the past three months. The terrified locals have cometo call him the Terminator. Galina Novosad puts her daughter, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 nine-year-old Ludmila, to bed. She and her husband, Mikhail, are downstairs as the Terminatorapproaches their modest home. What happens next followsa ruthless pattern. First, the Terminator kills all the adults in the house. Then he murders the children. He showed no mercy. Ivan Dovbischyukis the chief police investigator on the case. It was unbelievable. He killed everyone standing in his way. With the entirehousehold callously murdered, the Terminator ransacks the place, stealing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 anything of value he can carry. Then he vanishes into the night. And murders in Busk bring the killer's total to seven familiesslaughtered in just 12 weeks. It got to the stage wherethe whole country was paralyzed by fear of the uncatchableserial killer, the Terminator, who could strike at any time andany place within the country, and then escape the authorities. To catch the killer, a team of 2,000 police officers from across the country are called in. And 3,000 troops are sent to patrol the streets to assist them. The police realized that they were helpless. They could not catch the killer by themselves. So they decided to turn to the army for help. Pyotr Tarasyuk isan investigative journalist. Soldiers carrying machine guns were patrolling the streets. It was like being at war. Thousands of police andtroops on the streets searching for this one person, it wasalmost like an entire country against one person. We worked 24/7, with no daysoff, without even going home. Eventually, on Easterday 1996, the Terminator's luck runs out. Local police investigatingreports of suspicious activity inspect an apartment in the town of Yavoriv. Here, they find 37-year-oldAnatoly Onoprienko at home alone. He opened the door to thepolice and got quite a shock. The police askOnoprienko for his documents. As he goes to get them, the police notice that he has a pistol. They restrain him and takehim in for questioning. Thepolice return to the flat and found a bag with a sawed off shotgun, bullets, and other weapons. The shotgun fitsballistics evidence found at the murder scene in Busk. Alongside the gun, police recover 122 items stolen from victims. They realize that AnatolyOnoprienko is the Terminator. Ruslan Moshkovsky isOnoprienko's defense lawyer. I asked him, what do you have to say about all 52 killings you are accused of? He raised his hands, coldlylooked at me and said, my hands are covered in blood. I did kill all those people. News of the arrestbreaks around the world. Well, tonight's special report, we look at the man on trial in Ukraine for a number of horrifying murders. Anatoly Onoprienko has admittedto 52 men, women, and children. Journalists are given access to the Terminator whilst he awaits trial. I cancommunicate telepathically with the outer world beyond these prison walls, or with the highest powers that are watching us at the same time. Onoprienko claims that he is on a mission to punish Ukraine. He says that hears supernaturalvoices telling him to kill. He told me that he felt a demon penetrate his body. He felt there was another personin his body, who became a beast and called himself a beast in human form. He callsit magic that he killed so many people and that the place could not catch him for so many years. Reporter Maria Tsiptsyura interviewed Onoprienko. He implied that he may have inherited these so-called supernatural abilities. He told me about his grandmother, who was an extra sensory individual, a witch. He might have inherited her abilities and that's what people never fought back. To other journalists,Onoprienko described himself as a machine, driven to kill byorders from beyond this world. I thinkthat right now I'm something between a human and a robot. I've done a lot of jobs whichought to be done by robots. He became what he called a bio-robot, half man, half cyborg, that followed the voices in his head. Court officialswere not impressed by Onoprienko's explanations. Thesewere his protection tactics, to pretend that he heardvoices and received a command to commit these crimes. Oleg Guzovsky is oneof five judges at the hearing. My impression was that he was very confident. There was no remorse to be seen. Life has treated me harshly so I don't think about being punished. I'm a working man. I'm an executioner. And remember, punishment isup to the gods or the devil and I don't think about it. To determine if he is sane enough to stand trial, police delveback into Onoprienko's past. Westudied Onoprienko's life, from his childhood to the day of his arrest. What they discoverabout the Terminator will stay with them for the rest of their lives. I feelabsolutely no pity for any of those people I killed. I am a much better person than any of them. Between December1995 and March 1996, Anatoly Onoprienko, the serialkiller known as the Terminator, rampages across Ukraine. He has confessed to slaughtering52 in his reign of terror. On the 7th of April 1996, police arrest Onoprienko in an apartmentin the town of Yavoriv. The Terminator is finally behind bars. To discover what drove himto commit such awful crimes, investigators probe back to his childhood. Anatoly Onoprienko was born in 1959 in the small Ukrainian village of Lasky. Onoprienko had an unfortunate childhood. His father was supposedly a violent man. He was also an alcoholic who abused his family. His parents got divorced. And shortly after that, his mother died. Anatolywas very close to his mother who was caring and good to him. These things had a devastatingimpact on the child's life. When he was almost four years old, Onoprienko went to live with his grandparents until they could no longer support him. Both his father and brother,who was 13 years his senior, had new families to look after. When he was six, Onoprienkowas sent to an orphanage. Onoprienko had already lost his mother and that support, now hisgrandparents and that support. He was now being parceled offand rejected in his own mind by his own brother and his own father. This kind of rejection can havea profound and angering effect on a child. The orphanage was a traumatizing experience for the young Anatoly Onoprienko. Onoprienko told me that, at the orphanage, the teachers were cruel. And the teenagers with mental problems started beating him up every day. They even tried to drown him. That was why he started hating people. Within the orphanage, Onoprienko's attitude towards others, towards society, basically to anyone else on theplanet, was me versus you. When he was 15, Anatoly Onoprienko enrolled in a forestry college in the town of Malyn. It was a chance for him to try to establish a normal life Evgenia Zaichenkowas a teacher at the college. I taught this boy. He was a smart child. I can't say he was stupid. He got B and C grades in my lessons. He was a normal, smart boy, deprived of love. They say that if a child is treated with love, that love warms. Even ice melts from warmth. Children's souls also become warm if they are treated with love. For the firsttwo years of his studies, Onoprienko was a good student. But things changed and hebegan to go off the rails. He didn'tdo so well in the third year. He stopped working. When he was 18,Onoprienko joined the army. Thiscould have been a chance to change his fate, to find himself in a new environment and take responsibility for his future actions. But for Onoprienko, he army provided a darker stimulus. He caught the glimmer of theuse of weapons, and the power that weapons can give to one individual. And this was very important looking back across the path of Onoprienko's life where he'd been-- power had been taken away from him. He now saw a way of gaining it back. Discharged from the Army, Onoprienko joined the Merchant Navy. He gained a prize position,working on board cruise ships, plying the Black Sea. He began to supplement his income by stealing and smuggling. He became very arrogant. He brought home presents and he said he was treated withrespect, like a proper man. He began to see and realize anew kind of life, which kind of gave him higher status thanhe could have ever anticipated back in the orphanage. Whilst working atsea, Onoprienko met a waitress. They became a couple and had a child together. But on board the cruise ship,sinister forces were at work. Onoprienko claims it was here that he was inspired to become the murderer soon to be known as the Terminator. He told me that once he was standing on the ship's deck. He saw lightning in the sky. At that moment, he felt like some other creature possessed him. He started hearing an innervoice saying, kill, kill, kill. In 1986,Onoprienko's luck ran out. Suspected of smuggling, he was forced out of the Merchant Navy. It was difficult for him, not just because of the humiliation, but because of the cut in his income. This coincided with thedisintegration of his marriage. So Onoprienko, now without afamily or a well-paid job that funded his pension, and withoutany income from smuggling, had to start afresh. Onoprienko at that point, decided he was going to move towardsstraightforward robbery. He was going to use force. He was going to use weapons. Ukraine, 14th of June 1989. Anatoly Onoprienko,working with an accomplice, sets out to commit armed robbery. A couple are parked by the side of a road near the town of. Without warning, Onoprienko shoots and kills the two of them. He takes what little money theyhave and sets the car ablaze. Onoprienko has taken the first step on his road to becoming the Terminator. Suddenly, there was a breaking point in his life. He crossed a boundary. And this boundary was his first murder. Despite the meager takings, Onoprienko shows no remorse. They didn't make much, 400 rubles maybe. They realized thateverything went smoothly. So they decided to continue. Onoprienko, by killing immediately, had gone through that barrier. And there was now no point of return to being an ordinary thief again. Just weeks after his first murders, on the 16th of July 1989, Onoprienko and his associate, Rogozin,strike for a second time. They attack two newlyweds in their car. Once again, Onoprienko shows no mercy. He kills both of them then torches the car. But the Terminator's killingspree is only beginning. Just weeks later, the pair attack again, this time a family of five who were driving back from their holidays. Onoprienko takes the fivebodies to a secluded spot and piles them up. After taking any valuables he can find, he pours petrol over hisvictims and sets them alight. It's the pair's third attack. But this time, Onoprienko has killed a child. He went through yet another barrier, another point of no return, inthat he killed an 11-year-old child within that car. Heexplained that in killing the parents of those children, he had to kill them as well so that they wouldn't end up in an orphanage like him. It was the crossing of anotherboundary for his criminal. Local farmers see thesmoke from the burning bodies and alert the police. Thepolice were very efficient. They quickly identified the victims. They took all necessary measuresto track down the killer. Onoprienko and his associate split up. Onoprienko decides that withthe police hot on this trail, the safest place for him is out of the country. He crosses the border illegally and heads to Western Europe and stays there for six years. Onoprienko liveson the margins of society, moving between Germany,Austria, and Scandinavia, stealing and doing menial jobs to survive. It's a hiatus in his murderous career. But in 1995, he is deported from Germany as an illegal immigrant. Fearful that he's wantedfor his previous murders, on arrival in Kiev he feigns insanity. Hestarted to behave crazily. And when he got off theplane, his strange behavior attracted the attention of airport security. Onoprienko is takento a psychiatric hospital, where he is diagnosed withparanoid schizophrenia. To be diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic, he would emulate symptomssuch as pretending he's hearing persecutory voices. And he would pretend thathe was having ideation, that he was thinking thatthe world was talking to him through the TV or that people were out to get him at every corner, every junction in his life. And perhaps the doctors and psychiatrists were plotting against him. When he realizesthat the police are not looking for him, Onoprienko feigns recovery and is discharged. But he has no money and no job. He is forced to rely on thehospitality of his family. It's a humiliating situationfor the arrogant Onoprienko. He had great financial expectations and needs, and so decided to return to a life of crime. Onoprienko steals a shotgun from a friend of his brother. He cuts it down to a sizethat can easily be concealed. The Terminator, now acting alone, is armed and ready to begin a killing spree of unprecedented savagery. Ukraine, 24th of December, 1995. Anatoly Onoprienko is aboutto earn the title, Terminator. Outside the village of Garmarnia, within half a mile ofhis old forestry college, the killer waits for nightfall. Onoprienko decided that cars were fairly limited when it came to loot and began to be more ambitious. Onoprienko is about to begin a killing spree of unimaginable savagery. He's set to exterminate a whole family. The family of his formerteacher, Evgenia Zaichenko. Heremembered that the teachers had given him bad marks. He decided to come back hereand take revenge on them. Evgenia's son, Vadim Zaichenko, is downstairs with his wifeand three-year-old son, Boris. Onoprienko shoots them dead. He then find three-month-old Oleg. He smothers the helpless baby with a pillow. Then he steals what little the family and sets the house on fire. The house was open. My husband had run inside. He thought there might be someone alive and started looking for the young baby who was three months old. The baby was still under the pillow. Onoprienko claimed that killing a stranger's child is more difficult than killing your own, because in committing such an act, you kill a completely innocent being about whom you know nothing. It's very hard to kill someone else's innocent child. I consider these murders to be a very hard psychological experiment. And I was specially chosen for this role. I feel like I was accomplishing a very serious experimental task. While he beginsan unprecedented wave of slaughter, Onoprienko is living a double life. In December 1995, he moves inwith a 34-year-old divorcee, Ana and her two children in the town of Yavoriv. He pretends to be a traveling businessman. Onoprienko was fairly charming. Most people who have that psychopathic lack of emotional baggage also can charm others quite easily if they try. He would make a bath for her and pour a bottle of champagne on her head instead of shampoo. He also put red roses in the water. He gave her presents he took from his victim's, rings, earrings, gold chains. He was a gentleman. Onoprienko would have definitely been putting on an act. He was doing this instrumentally. He wanted to stay with this lady. He wanted to use her as thebackdrop for his other life, to be able to go out andhave a dual existence was no difficulty for him whatsoever. From his base in Ana's apartment, Onoprienko is set to mercilesslycontinue his rampage. Most serial killers kind of stick to the same modus operandi. They don't particularlywant to change what works. But the slaughterof his old teacher's family establishes a new way ofworking for the Terminator. This idea of actually approaching a house began a new template, whichwould lead to mass killings. He would attack houses in secluded areas, knowing no one would help his victims. He saw it was effective he wasn't concerned. He would knock on someone's door at night, orwould shoot out the windows. Then he would enter the houseand shoot everyone dead. Everyone, including children. Covering hundreds of miles by train in the guise of a traveling salesman, the Terminator targets households from one end of the country to the other. In a series of brutal mass killings, he slaughters 30 people in just two months. Chillingly, when plotted on a map, the Terminator's murders form a cross over the territory of Ukraine. It will become known as Onoprienko's Cross. His modus operandi meant that he didn't takeany risks for a long time. He would cover his tracks after attacks by burning down the houses and picking up cartridges from his gun. The police are baffled. The killings span the country. Individual forces fail to link them together. Manypolice officers didn't believe that one person could kill so many people across such a wide area. On the 27th of February, 1996, Onoprienko returns to the vicinity of his orphanage in college. He brutally slaughters the Bondarchuk family in their home in Malyn. Neighbor, Vladimyr Dmitrenko,remembers the tragic aftermath. It was an awful day. The whole garden was covered in blood. He hacked Sergey's head off with a hatchet. His wife was laying on the front doorstep. He shot her in the chest. He killed their littlechildren with a screwdriver and cut their throats. The headprosecution office of Ukraine sends senior chief investigator Ivandov Bishop to Malyn. His mission is to examinethe multiple mass killings and determine if they are connected. Westudied all the cases we had and came to the conclusion that they needed to be amalgamated immediately. Investigators initially suspected that a gang may be involved. But looking at footprintsfound at the crime scenes, they realize this was not the case. All the footprints belonged to one person. So we came to the conclusion that this was the work of one man. People were scared to go to sleep at night. They demanded protection from the army. Across the country,households are terrified. No family feels safe. 2,000 police are put on the case. The army is called out and3,000 troops patrol the streets. Onoprienko was watching them throughbinoculars and laughing. He was just one kilometer away. He thought they wouldnever catch him that way. But Onoprienko's next act of violence is set to be his last. He slaughters the Novaset family in Busk but fails to burn the evidence. Fueled by his own success, the Terminator is becoming careless. He leaves shotgun cartridgeslying where they fall. And he steals a tape machinethat will soon become key evidence for the police. Anatoly Onoprienko, the Terminator, has killed 52 people overthe last seven years. He's living a double life with divorcee Ana and her two children,in the town of Yavoriv. When he was living at his girlfriend's place, he barely left the house. There were armored vehiclesdeployed in the villages across the Laviv region. The militia and thepeople were on the alert. Onoprienko's first bigmistake was to actually escalate his killing spree to the pointwhere police attention, even military attention, would be on him and make it more and more difficult for him to move around anonymously. Onoprienko makesanother foolish error, leaving evidence behind at the scene of his final attack in Busk. Onoprienko's second rather large mistake was to start to become overconfident and becoming a little bitcareless about evidence he leaves at crime scenes, whichwould include the cartridges from the gun that he was using, which could, of course, be tied to him. By the end of March 1996, the net is closing in on the Terminator. Weknew it was a 12 gauge shotgun because we had the cartridges. We got forensic test resultson the cartridges that had been found at the crime scene Busk. Police investigate 72,000 gun owners across Ukraine. They compare spentcartridges from their guns with the spent cartridges Onoprienko carelessly left behind. We foundthe person from whom a gun was stolen, I identified the same cartridges, and learned that the stolengun was the murder's weapon. So we only had to findout who stole the shotgun. But for the centralauthorities can track him down, local police in Yavoriv get a tip off. Neighbors reported astranger acting suspiciously. In small villages, people know each other. And a stranger hiding in thehouse attracts attention. Villagers got suspicious. They hadinformation about his partner. They knew that she wasseeing someone who went away often and always came back with stuff, that he gave her a lot of goldrings and a stolen fur coat. On Easter Sunday 1996, police go to Onoprienko's apartment. His partner and her children are out. Onoprienko answers the doorwithout checking who is there. It's a lucky break for the police. Hesaid, if I'd checked behind the door and saw police, I would have used all my bullets on them. They would not get me so easily. But I didn't check, as Ithought my partner was back. One of the officers notices a tape machine, similar to the one stolen from the crime scene in Busk. He checks the serial number. It's a match. The terrible truth dawns. Onoprienko is the Terminator. They arrest him and take him in for questioning. On searching the apartment, police find the shot gun and cartridges. Whenwe got the shotgun cartridges, we compared them withthe cartridges from Busk. And it became clear that the cartridges were shot from that same gun. Onoprienko's arrogance and greed have caught up with him at last. He confesses to a total of 52 murders. Defense lawyer Ruslan Moshkovsky interviews Onoprienko, probing for anymitigating circumstances. I asked him why he killed so many people. He told me that he wanted to earn money. I asked him why he killed poor people. He told me that he started with poor people in order to learn how to kill wealthy people. As defense attorney, Moshkovsky is duty-bound to look afterOnoprienko's interests. I told him that we had to find an explanation as to whyhe had committed those murders. I wanted people to believethat he had mental problems. To escape the death penalty, Onoprienko begins todemonstrate signs of madness. Theentire strategy of defense Onoprienko used was to denythat he was responsible for his actions, that it was an external force or voice that told him to kill. Onoprienko's trial begins on the 23rd of November, 1998. Hundreds of people turn upto see justice being done. The Terminator has becomesuch a hated figure that authorities must take extra precautions to prevent an attack on him. A panel of five judges would decide his fate. Oleg Guzovsky was one of them. In the courtroom, he was calm and confident. He might sit there and thendraw a cross on his forehead with his finger. There were moments like that, oddities from his side of the courtroom. I was killing because it was the formulaof life I had to follow. I don't think about them now. They are nothing. They are dust to me. The trial ran for four months. Overall, we came to the conclusion that killing people gave him satisfaction. Of course, there was some mental disorder, but not that strong that hecouldn't control his actions. He was found to be sane and could be held responsible for his crimes. In March 1999, Onoprienko is sentenced to death by a single shot to the back of the head. But before the sentence can be carried out, a moratorium on the death penalty was put in place in Ukraine. Onoprienko's sentence waschanged to life imprisonment. Maria Tsiptsyurainterviewed to him in 2012. He says52 murders is not two murders, and it's terrifying. I am a phenomenon and I needto be studied by professionals. He spoke in the third person like it was not him doing the killing. After a decade in jail, the arrogant Onoprienko relishedthe attention of the press. He continued to suggestthat he was driven to kill. He explains his murders as somethingthat voices told him to do. It was hard for him. And he didn't want to hear these voices. But he could not disobey them. When he heard them, he knewhe needed to take a weapon and kill. He admits, if he were not in prison and if he heard those voicesagain, he would go and kill. I'm Satan. I'm Satan in human form. On the 27th of August, 2013, Anatoly Onoprienko, the Terminator, died in prison of a heart attack. In the Holy Bible it is written that we should forgive. I don't know whether toforgive or not to forgive. I can't bring my children back. As for him, let God judge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 