Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s2e3 - The Long Island Killer/Joel the Ripper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 2, Episode 3 - The Long Island Killer/Joel the Ripper - full transcript 
 In 1988, an unemployed gardener and loner from Long Island, New York, takes the life of a desperate, drug addicted prostitute in the home he shares with his mother and sister. Joel Rifkin, a man who had never committed a serious crime in his life, then proceeds to cut up his victim's body with a small hobby knife before disposing of her body parts around New Jersey. In this one moment of uncontrollable madness, Rifkin develops a taste for murder. Over the next 4 years, Rifkin claims the lives of 16 more prostitutes in a brutal bloody rampage. Then, in the summer of 1993, Rifkin sets out in the early morning to dispose of his seventeenth victim in his beat up truck. But he has made a catastrophic mistake. He has failed to secure his back license plate. State troopers spot this minor traffic violation and pull him over, only to discover the rotting corpse of his latest victim. In an eight-hour interrogation, Rifkin stuns police as he confesses to seventeen murders. He is currently serving a 200 year prison sentence in New York's correctional facilities. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] NARRATOR: The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. [police siren] But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes that get them caught. [glass breaks] [gunshot] California, Boxing Day, 1972. A body of a young man isfound on the 405 Freeway. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's identified as Edward Daniel Moore, a marine from the nearby Camp Pendleton barracks. He has been sodomized and strangled. There's no question that Southern California, at that time,was Serial Killer Central. I mean, you know, we now know that there were at least three different serial killers operating in that area. Perhaps more. There was a body turning up on a weekly basis-- almost a daily basis. NARRATOR: 1974, the body of a young man is found in a remote desertarea off the freeway. He is identified as Malcolm Little, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a 20-year-old who was last seenhitchhiking across the state. His body has been horribly abused. The details are just quite shocking. Incredibly brutal. NARRATOR: Four months later, another body is found near San Diego Freeway. It's identified as James Reeves. He, too, has experienced unimaginable torture at the hands of his killer. These are just three bodies of over 100, that are found on or around California freeways over a 10-year period. Just a whole community wasgripped by this sort of-- You know, you couldn't turn thenews on without seeing reports of a new body being found. Ironically, of course, that also made it the perfect environment for a new serial killer to operate in. NARRATOR: Policeman, likepatrolman Sergeant Howard, are on the hunt. One of the briefing items that I'd read was to be on the lookout for someone who had been dumping bodies on the freeway-- which is kind of graphic. NARRATOR: Then one night, in May 1983, Howard is patrolling for drunk drivers and stolen vehicles inMission Viejo, California. The night thegraveyard shift came on-- that was the shift that I was working-- we observed this Toyota Celica. And it was having difficultystaying in its lane. We followed it for a little while. NARRATOR: Sergeant Howard and his partner decide to pull the car over. We activated the red lights. He didn't respond to red-and-blue lights as most motorists would. NARRATOR: After severalminutes, the car finally stops. Crime writer Mark Billingham has studied the events of that night. He parked the car veryclose to the, kind of, rails, so that the passenger doorcouldn't be opened easily. The driver stepped out immediately. He knocked out a beer bottleonto the ground, that broke. And as he stepped out, his appearance was a little unusual. He was there with his trousers unbuttoned. We could smell the odor of alcohol. Of course the beer was on the ground. Proceeded to take him up to the front of the car. The cops put him througha standard sobriety test-- you know, can you walk in astraight line and whatever. It was obvious that he was drunk. So they then went to look in the car. As I walked forward, I sawthat there was a passenger in the right front seat. NARRATOR: The policenotice a vial of lorazepam, a strong tranquilizer. The passenger was out cold. He has a jacket over his lap. When I pulled the jacket off his lap, I noticed several things that were problematic. First of all, his trousers weredown, and in a position where it elevated his genitalia. He had strangle-marks around his neck. Clearly there was somethingvery dodgy going on. NARRATOR: The driver's papers identify him as Randy Kraft, a 38-year-oldcomputer programmer. He is cuffed and put inthe back of the police car. But Sergeant Howard'sunnerved by his behavior. He was very, very calmthrough this whole thing. And he was asking how's my friend, which was interesting, becausehe knew exactly how he was. NARRATOR: The passengerwas a 25-year-old marine-- Terry Lee Gambrel. That night he was trying tohitchhike his way to a party. The paramedics came andtried to do some resuscitation, but it was well beyond that time. NARRATOR: Gambrel is dead. Kraft is taken into custody,and the questioning begins. The following morning, Jimmy White, forensics expert for Orange County, is called to inspect the car. I got called-- I think, it was around 7o'clock Saturday morning. Told me that the arrest had been made, and there was a body in the car. Got myself ready, and got up there. NARRATOR: White and histeam examined the Celica. I think it would besafe to say that he didn't keep a particularly clean car. There was all sorts of rubbish in there. There were, you know, bits of forestry, and, you know, all sorts of nonsense, and papers scattered everywhere. NARRATOR: As White picks through the rubbish, he makes an important discovery. Then they open the boot, and that was when they kind of hit pay dirt. I did find a notebook that had entries. A whole series of, kind of, strange words-- what looked like codes,and initials, and numbers. NARRATOR: The page appears to bea collection of random words-- "stable," "EDM," "Portlandblue," "user," "MC Laguna." It was fairly clear toinvestigators early on that this piece of paper, with thisrandom collection of place names, and numbers, andinitials, was very important-- was crucial to the investigation-- but they couldn't work out what it was. NARRATOR: Investigators wonder if this list could lead to more victims. That was kind of the word I think I heard more than anything else. It was a list. It was a list of descriptions,sometimes locations, you know, descriptions of either people or places. But it certainly seemed to be important. NARRATOR: If their hunch is right, and it is a list of victims, they've stumbled upon one of the most prolific serial killers in history. There are over 60 entries on the list. Police in Southern California have pulled over a swerving vehicle. The driver is Randy Kraft. His passenger MarineTerry Lee Gambrel is dead. They believe Kraft killed him. As investigators dig in, theyquestion whether this victim could be one of many. They begin to wonder if Krafthas contributed to the 100 or more bodies foundacross California freeways over the past 10 years. Bodies were found, for the most part, along the side of the road. Sometimes the were nude. Sometimes they were clothed. These cases were mounting, and occurring more and more frequently. NARRATOR: Many of the victims are young men. Many have been plied with drugs and alcohol, and several have beenfound with foreign objects inserted into their rectums. On that May evening in 1983, Sergeant Howard wonders, as who discoversa Toyota with a dead body in the passenger seat, ifhe has found the killer his force has been looking for. And realize that this might be that person who the Sheriff's departmenthad notified us about. This might be that serial killer. I thought it was very fortunatethat we were on patrol, and just happened to be in theright spot, at the right time. NARRATOR: A sheet of paper that looks like a list has already beenfound in the trunk of the car. As forensics continue to pick apart the Toyota, there are several other itemswhich arouse suspicions. When I picked up the floormat on the driver's side, there's this envelope underneath it. NARRATOR: In a brown envelope, White finds a gruesome collectionof 47 photographs. One is of a manreclining on a gold sofa. He appears to be dead. They found Polaroid's kind of other victims, or what could be victims. NARRATOR: And the discoveries get worse. The passenger seat is soaked with blood, but Gambrel, the dead passenger,appears to have no open wounds. The blood can't be his. It suggests the car hasbeen used to carry someone else, badly injured or dead. The police believe the driverof the car has killed before, and they are now even more convinced that the list found in thetrunk is a list of victims. Police need to find out moreabout the driver of the car-- Randy Kraft. Whilst they try to pick apart his background, other investigators analyze the list to see if they can match any ofCalifornia's unsolved murders with any of the seemingly random words. It was obvious to investigators very early on, that this so-called scorecard-- what became known as the scorecard-- was a very important piece of evidence. But it was incredibly hard to decipher. It was just a random collectionof place names, of initials, of numbers. But they kept working it. They kept looking at it. And eventually, they were ableto crack a couple of them. NARRATOR: It was to be painstaking work. Police needed to go back to the early 70s, and forensically examine cases of bodies dumped by the freeways to see ifthey can make any connections. The first success is entrynumber three on the scorecard-- "EDM." Police link it to a body discovered over 10 years earlier, in 1972. They cracked one entry on it, which was simply the letters "EDM". And finally, they were able tolink that to a missing Marine, called Edward Daniel Moore. And at that point, I think that was when the investigators really knew what it was they were looking at. NARRATOR: The police know of at least 10 more Marines that have been murdered or have gone missing over the years. They try and match them toother chilling references to Marines on the list-- "MARINE DOWN", "Navy white," "Marine Head BP," "Marine Carsan." Julie Haney was a cold caseinvestigator for the NCIS. Marines would have been out on weekends. They would have been going to bars. They would have been drinking. They would have been socializing, And maybe available to him out late at night. And also hitchhiking. Hitchhiking was big in the 1970s, here in Southern California. They would have made great victims. NARRATOR: Marine Roger Dickerson-- 18-- was last seen alive at abar in San Clemente in 1974. His dead body wasdiscovered a few days later. Jim White was theforensics expert for Orange County Sheriffs at the time. Dickerson-- he was found in South Laguna. He was body dumped. I went to that crime scenewhere the body was found. NARRATOR: Police believe Dickerson is "MC Laguna" on the scorecard. He has been sodomized and strangled. There are bite marks on Dickerson's genitals and left nipple. Many of the bodies found over the years have been mutilated in a similar way. Most of the victims werebitten, and in my experience, a bite mark is a very primal, sexual act. NARRATOR: With Kraft incustody and his list in hand, police are able to connect the crimes. But at the time, they seem slow to respond. Had the victims of all these crimes been, you know, young white women, there would have been rather a greater will to find these killers quicker. But they were all young menwho indulged in a lifestyle that even then was still very marginalized. NARRATOR: But now policehave a suspect in custody. Investigators delve deepto try to understand just who is this mystery man, and what could have driven Randy Kraft to kill. Police are convinced Randy Kraft is responsible for a seriesof brutal unsolved murders over the past 10 years. In a bid to understand why,they pick apart his childhood. Randy Kraft's childhood was fairly uneventful. His father was extremely distant, but his mother was doting. This kind of distant father leads to people that kind of achieve a lot. They tend to strive for attention. They're very much pushed, and supported, and felt secure by the mother. But unfortunately, this is also the background of many serial killers. NARRATOR: There is littlefor the police to go on. The first hints of anythingusual is when Kraft is 21. [interposing voices] There are unconfirmedreports that he was arrested on suspicion of lewdconduct, after propositioning an undercover cop. But because it's his firstarrest, he's let off. Two years later, he joins the US Air Force. He's bright and does well. He's given a security clearance, and rises quickly through the ranks. He was a hardworking, workaholic. An obsessively driving individual, and probably achieve morethan his fellow aircraftsmen. And he did not have much problem in achieving in the eyes of his superiorswithin the Air Force. NARRATOR: But it's that he begins to show signs of homosexual tendencies. Just over a year after he joined the Air Force, Randy Kraft, as it were, blewhis cover as a gay person within the Air Force. He walked into his superior's office, and basically came out in front of them. It was an escape route, withdignity, from the military. And with a certain amount of credibility and his own achievement intact. [disco music] NARRATOR: Kraft takes a job at the Boy Shed, a gay bar on Sunset Beach, and starts living an openly gay lifestyle. I met him back in the 60s. We used to work together atthis club in Sunset Beach. We were both bartenders. NARRATOR: John Garcia first met Randy Kraft when they both workedat the Boy Shed, in 1962. Garcia later went on to open Ripples, Southern California's first gay bar. I knew as a customer here. His boyfriend at the timeworked for me here at Ripples. So Randy would come in,and at times wait for him. [interposing voices] NARRATOR: Kraft maintainsnormal gay relationships, but at some point his killing spree begins. It is possible that he was wreaking some kind of strange revenge for having to sort of be in a repressed state for over a year within the military. And this could have been him fighting back. NARRATOR: The police study thefirst entry on the scorecard. 5th of October 1971, South Orange County. Police discover a man's naked decomposing body beside Ortega Freeway. The body is identified asWayne Dukette, a bartender from Huntington Beach. Dukette's body was found a couple of weeks after he'd gone missing, in a very bad state of decomposition. So it was very difficult toestablish cause of death, and accurate time of death. But the police, local lawenforcement, very much under pressure to close the case, tocome up with a cause of death. So they put it down to alcohol intoxication. NARRATOR: Dukette workedat a gay bar called Stable. Stable's was the first entry on that scorecard, which is why police believehe was Kraft's first victim. NARRATOR: Over the next 10 years, Kraft picks up and invitesa series of young men back to his flat. He drugs them and has sex with them. Some he goes on to murder,then takes that photo. It's these images thatare found in Kraft's car. Randy Kraft kept photographsof victims in various postures. This would seem like you're actually walking around with evidence on you. NARRATOR: But Holmes understands why a person as driven and obsessiveas Kraft might do this. He possibly couldn't really help this, because he is obsessive. He couldn't really let go of allthe images-- the experiences. And in some way, it maintainshis obsessive control over the victims-- to be able to look throughthe list, to be able to thumb through photographs, toremember them, to revisit those experiences and relive them. NARRATOR: As the years go by, more names are added to Kraft's list. Bodies found by the policeshow more and more extreme forms of mutilation. Most of Randy Kraft's victims, he tortured before he killed them. He kept them alive for a number of days, and sexually tortured them. Genitals would be hacked off. They would have thingsinserted into the rectums of these victims. I mean it was quite astonishingly shocking and brutal. NARRATOR: And the level oftorture continues to get worse. The things that Kraft did to one victim, in particular Mark Hall, really are perhaps the most shocking details of anymurder I have ever come across. NARRATOR: On the 3rd of January, 1976, the body of Mark Hall, last seen at aparty in San Juan Capistrano, is found. First of all he caughtMark Hall's eyelids off-- cut them off, or burned them off. I mean, again, one can only speculate that that is because he wanted his victims to watch what was being done to him. Which is horrific enough, butthen the list of things he did to him was quite disgusting. NARRATOR: Several parts of his body have been burnt with a car cigarette lighter. He inserted a swizzle stick into his penis, and then inserted his penis into his anus. You can't imagine that degreeof horror or suffering. And Kraft was able to do that. NARRATOR: On the scorecard, he is forever immortalized as New Year's Eve. Throughout 1978, more bodiesare found on the freeway. Some have been castrated. There are elements of some professionals would identify as the kind offeminization of this male body. Kraft emasculated these individuals, almost trying to cajole it, ortreat it as if it was female. NARRATOR: And the deaths keep coming. In total, police believe they have found links to over 40 unsolvedmurders on the scorecard. He never really consideredthat he'd get caught. So why would it be a problemhaving these lists well-hidden, and very well coded? Because some of these items you would have to know where he killedsomeone, who was he killed, and be able to kind of cryptically understand how those two could be brought together within one word-- or at least a place within one word. So they were kind of meaningful to him, and far less meaningful to thepeople trying to decode them. NARRATOR: But chillingly, thePolice came across Kraft twice. The first time, 13 years earlier, before he killed a single victim. March 1970. Before California driversstart coming across dead bodies on the side of the freeway,a young runaway Joey Fancher encounters a man on Huntington Beach pier. The man offers him a cigarette,and persuades young Joey to come back to his apartment. He shows him pornographic pictures. Straight sex. Gay sex. He gives him diazepam, beer. Fancher describes beingbasically completely out of it. Completely aware of what was going on. Completely able to sort of think, and feel, and know what was happening to him. But being unable to do anything about it. Kraft violently rapes him. Then while Fancher is lyingthere bleeding, and vomiting, and in a terrible state, Kraft goes off to work. And leaves him there, telling him that if he tells anybody,or does anything, he will kill him. NARRATOR: Despite being drunk, dazed, and having been brutally raped,Joey somehow manages to escape. He stumbles out of the house,and goes to the police. In his panic to get out, Joey leaves his shoes in Kraft's apartment. Fearing his mom's anger, he asks the police to go back with him to get his shoes. But what Joey doesn't tellpolice proves critical. So the police go in and they find what's clearly a slightly odd scene. There are pornographic pictures knocking about. There's empty bottles of drugs or whatever. But Fancher never mentionsthat he's actually been raped. He tells them it's all aboutgetting his shoes back. And, as it turns out, the police never had a warrant to go in there. So however odd they foundthe place, however much evidence they would have found, it was actually inadmissibleanyway because they never had a warrant. And the rape never came out until trial. NARRATOR: Vonda Pelto was the counselor in the LA County Men's Jail, and an expert on California's serial killers. This is so typical of young boys in particular, when they'remade a punk or been raped. They're very embarrassed about this, and they don't want to tell anybody because of the embarrassment. NARRATOR: But Joey does point out his attacker on a photo in the apartment to the police, and he knows his name. The man that abducted Joey is Randy Kraft. With police unaware acrime has been committed, they take no action. Kraft is free to begin killing spree. Five years later, Kraftis a fully-fledged killer. After 14 entries have been made on his scorecard, he has another close shavewith the police in 1975. After a night out at the gay bar Ripples, he comes across four teenageboys in the parking lot. He gets talking to them. And he says, hey, I'vegot some beer in the car, you know, let's have a party. Two of them-- Keith Crotwell and Kent May-- get into the car with him--get into his Mustang-- and off they go. He immediately breaks out the beer. He immediately breaks out the Valium. And they're, you know,chucking these tablets down. After he had given each ofthe boys diazepam and beer, to get them semi-conscious, hedecided to go back to the bar and drop one of the boys off. NARRATOR: Kent May is bundled out of the car, drugged and unconscious. Keith Crotwell remains in the car. And the next thing May remembers, is kind of waking up the next morning. And it's only when his twofriends-- who were still in the parking lot, who saw him get dropped off, they tell him what happened--that he pieces it together. Which is that Kraft has drivenback to the parking lot, dropped him off-- kind ofejected him from the car-- driven away with Crotwell,who is never seen again. NARRATOR: But Crotwell is seen again. His severed head is found a month later. But the police get a lead. The car Crotwell and May climbinto is a distinctive Mustang. Police link it to Randy Kraft. When questioned, Kraft provides an alibi. He was with his lover. Police take no further action. One of the entries on the scorecard just says "parking lot", which, you know, it's not a stretch of the imagination to imagine that that's the entry forthe murder of Keith Crotwell. NARRATOR: According to Haney, Kraft seems to be able to kill at will. Police, were not on to him at all. They had no idea who he was on that day. He was not on any reports. He was not a suspect. He was out there killing with reckless disregard. They were not even close to catching him. NARRATOR: To friends of the family, Kraft just seems like a normal man. That's a misnomer, that are often times people think that serialkillers are crazy or stupid. That's the way the public gets fooled. And it's very common forneighbors to say, oh my God! My neighbor did that? And typically they have a hard time believing it because the person is so friendly. NARRATOR: But behind thefacade Kraft is on a killing spree completely unnoticed. Mostly, serial killers donot have two heads or something stamped across their forehead. They don't look like serial killers. The brighter individuals actually don't stick their head abovethe parapet very much at all. NARRATOR: Kraft is leadinga deadly double life. But it's about to come to an end. After his arrest, the policewere able to connect Kraft to over 40 murders through a scorecard found in the trunk of his car. But there's at least onevictim who's not on the list. Terry Lee Gambrel ishitching his way to a party. Unfortunately for the young Marine, Randy Kraft is on the prowl. Marines were his kind ofideal of American manhood. You know, they were kind of what he wanted to be. What he couldn't quite be. I mean, he sort of triedto be that as a young man, and then actually had toacknowledge his own sexuality. There are these ideal American men, with their muscles, and their buzz cuts.And they're what turn him on. They're what he wants to be. And, ultimately, they're what he wants to kill. NARRATOR: He can't be them,but with drugs and alcohol, he can control them. They two key words that sum up Randy Kraft for me are control and denial. The killings were extremelycontrolled-- extremely brutal. I mean, perhaps the mostbrutal series of killings that there have ever been. NARRATOR: On this particular night, Randy Kraft makes a fatal mistake. He's pulled over by a trafficcop for driving erratically. They find Gambrel's deadbody in the passenger seat. And some of the detectivesthat were working the case, said, one day he's going to get pulled over on a routine traffic stop, and that's going to break the case wide open. And that's exactly what happened. NARRATOR: Police believe Kraftcould have been attacking Gambrel as he was driving. It might explain why he wasswerving across the road. I noticed on the driver'sseat there was a folding knife, which would have been basically under Randy Kraft's right thigh. He may have been doing somethingto the body at that time, or preparing to do somethingto the body at that time. NARRATOR: But straightawayOfficer Howard realized the importance of the arrest. The ligature marks made me think that this might be that killer. I did call back to Officer Sterling. Make sure he is buckled intightly with that seat belt, because this may be the person who has been dumping bodies on the freeway. NARRATOR: If the body wasn't enough, the car was packed with other evidence. For somebody as intelligentas Kraft, and with as much kind of animalistic cunning as Kraft, it's easy to come to the conclusionthat in keeping things like photographs of his victims hanging around, he kind of made a stupid mistake. But actually-- although inretrospect, it was a mistake-- it's a way for somebody likeKraft to keep the buzz going. To maintain the kind of erotic,sort of animalistic thrill. In his case, the photos thathe was able to keep looking at, keep on enjoying-- ultimatelythey were part of his undoing. NARRATOR: 26th of September, 1988. In a courtroom in Orange County, one of the longest and most expensive cases in Californiahistory is about to begin. The suspect, Randy Kraft,is thought to have killed anything up to 100 people. Police have good reason to believe they can tie him to over 40 murders. But without enough evidence to take him to court for all of them, he is tried on just 16 counts ofmurder, one count of sodomy, and one of emasculation. He has a kind of narcissisticpsychopathic trait, which says that he feels heis actually above the law. Within the courtroom, he actually thought this was no more than aload of ants running round him, ready to be trodden on. NARRATOR: But the case against him is strong. Forensics have picked apart his car, and alongside the scorecardand photos, have found yet more evidence that ties him to unsolved murders. One such murder-- a body thatwas found in January 1983. Jimmy White was the forensicsofficer at the time. I had been called to lookat a body that had been found off the freeway in Seal Beach. The body turned out to bethe deceased by the name Eric Church. NARRATOR: Eric Church was discovered wearing maroon socks. I should be able to findfibers from those socks. And I did. In the right front floorboards there were little balls of maroon fibers that matched the socks from Eric Church. NARRATOR: It's proof that EricChurch had been in Kraft's car. Other fibers from victimswere found in Kraft's home. And hairs similar to Kraft'swas found on the body of at least one victim. As details are read out of eachmurder, some in the courtroom say Randy Kraft smiles,as if reliving each murder is giving him pleasure all over again. Randy Kraft's indifferenceto the court procedure, and his kind of-- reallyhe never looked really like a guilty, furtive individual. He looked quite smiley, confident. But he didn't seem to realize the import of what was happening. In his own mind, it was impossible for him to be found guilty. And then if found guilty, it would be impossible for him ever toactually suffer his sentence. NARRATOR: Afterdeliberating for 11 days, on the 12th of May 1989, the jury find him guilty of 16 countsof murder in the first degree. Briefly, I would like to sayI have not murdered anyone. And I believe any reasonablereview of the record will show that. That's all I have to say. NARRATOR: Despite the verdict, Kraft gives nothing away,leaving California police with a long list of cold cases. In 2012, Special Agent Julie Haney was charged with re-investigating some cases involving Marines. I was contacted by theLong Beach Police Department in California. They have a cold case unit, and they contacted me, and asked me for my help in identifying a John Doe. NARRATOR: The body was foundin 1974, near the I-605. It had a distinctivemilitary haircut and a tattoo associated with the Marines. So Haney went through therecords of military personnel who went missing around the same time, and came up with the name of Oral Stuart. And then we found the parents of Oral Stuart, and showed them some photographs, and they immediately identifiedOral Stuart as the John Doe. NARRATOR: With the body identified, Haney now wanted to find out who killed Stuart. She reviewed the Kraft killings,and found striking similarities to Stuart's injuries. I knew that Oral Stuart was found naked, was bludgeoned and strangled to death, that he had a bite mark on his neck. Those were all the thingsthat Randy Kraft had done to a number of his victims. NARRATOR: In an attemptto find out more details, she visited Kraft in prison. We sat two feet from eachother at the table there. He's a very evil little man. He's about five feet eight, really short gray hair, black eyes, and just a really, really cold, evil little person. NARRATOR: Kraft refuses to cooperate. There were still at least22 unidentified entries on the scorecard. Haney picked through thewords to see if she could make a link to Oral Stuart. I knew there were 67 names on that scorecard. And I knew that one of thenames on there was Iowa. And I knew that Oral Stuart was from Iowa. So those are the factors thatled me to believe that Randy Kraft had killed Oral Stuart. NARRATOR: Miraculously, nearly40 years after the murder, another link is made to the scorecard. He had no empathy for Oral Stuart whatsoever. He was angry that I was even trying to get him to show some kind of humanity. I have never met somebody,prior to Randy Kraft, that literally has no soul. He is still denying what he did. He cannot relinquish that control. You know, the moment he saysit to anybody-- the moment he mentions it to a cellmate,the moment he says it in open court, the momenthe says it to a journalist, or whatever-- that controlhas been relinquished, and he can never ever do that. You know, it's the way he gets through life, is to deny what he has done, and to try and control his environment. All the families that are out there, of all the unsolved cases thatare linked to Randy Kraft, he has done nothing to tryto help to clear those up. When the case is unsolved,and someone's been murdered, the pain never goes away. Especially for the parents. So the families, to this day,of Randy Kraft's victims, are suffering. After all these years, they're still suffering. NARRATOR: Today, Randy Kraft sits on Death Row. He continues to profess his innocence, and still refuses to giveany details to family members looking for answers on their missing sons. He killed because he liked it. He killed because enjoyed it. Because if he didn't enjoyit, if had any kind of a soul, any kind of compassion, he would have said, look, fellas, you got me. I'm going to be convicted. I'm going to tell you what I did, and I'm going to try to dosomething right for once. NARRATOR: His trial, conviction,and imprisonment has so far cost over 10 million dollars. Having exhausted his state appeals, he now plans to appeal at the federal level. He would have kept killing. If he were not caught in1983, he'd be killing today. That's how much he enjoyed it. [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 