Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e4 - Honka: The Ripper of St Pauli - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 4 - Honka: The Ripper of St Pauli - full transcript 
 Fritz Honka quietly lived in Hamburg's red light district of St Pauli, picking up elderly prostitutes for the price of a glass of schnapps and a bed for the night. He began to lose his temper when the women declined his sexual perversions. He retaliated by strangling his victims. Disposing of the bodies presented a problem until he came up with the idea of dismembering them and storing the body parts in the roof space next to his flat. Had a freak house fire not crept up the building to expose his collection he might never have been caught. He claimed he had been instructed by London's Victorian Jack The Ripper to perform the murders. He was sectioned at a mental institute after being convicted of 1 murder and 4 manslaughters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. Most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes that get them caught. Hamburg, Germany, the mid-'70s. Over the last five years,four women have gone missing from the red light district. Police are unaware a serialkiller is on the loose until a house fire leads them to his door-- a killer nicknamed the Ripper of St. Pauli. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 17th of July, 1975-- a fire breaks out in anold apartment block close to the red light district. Gerd Mahnke led the fire crew. It was hard toreach for the fire engines since the streets were very narrow. A lot of fires happened there,especially fires in flats. Whilst extinguishing it, the firefighters make a gruesome discovery. We broke into the flat and were able to extinguishthe fire, and while doing that, we noticed a very unpleasantsmell, like burnt flesh or petrification. Of course, that's when the alarm bells rang. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Had we missed a person or a pet? The sickly smell comes from the empty, unoccupied attic. We discovered aplastic bag which contained parts of a human body. Of course,that immediately clarified the origin of the smell. After that, we found further plastic bags in quick succession. Jurgen Vierle was a detective chief inspector in Hamburg's police. I remember thatthe phone rang at 4:00 AM, and we were called out to that deployment. There had been a fire in... Strasse, and bodies had been found. The house fire isnow treated as a crime scene. - I - only knew that two bodies had been found,strongly decomposed, charred, and very smelly. And then the fire brigadetook off the tiles of the roof in order to have more light. The firemen thenmake another grisly discovery-- a mangled collection ofdissected, female body parts. We figured out that the body parts were a torso withcut-off breasts and a thigh. Immediately, Jurgen Vierle is reminded of a peculiarunsolved murder case four years earlier, where a workman discovered a woman's partial remains in a waste ground 300 meters away from the suspected crime scene. We didn't lookat the parts any further, but immediately informed the police. A woman had been dismembered, and some of her body partshad been individually wrapped and buried together in a hole. Among therubbish were the body parts, which were a head, arms, and hands, cut-off breasts, one thigh. The police launcha murder investigation, but they have a problem. No one is able to identify the body. It had decomposed so badlythat visual identification and fingerprinting was impossible. Because of thelong periods lying outside, the fingertips were no longer of use, so we had to concentrate on the head. The police forensic team comes up with a groundbreakingprocess they hope will help. We injected the head with paraffin wax, whichallowed it to take on a more human shape once again. This temporarily reversedthe mummification long enough to put on somemakeup and take a photo. The outlandish procedure works. The victim is identifiedas a part-time hairdresser and prostitute, 43-year-old Gertraud Brauer. Back then, we weren't able to find any leadson who could be connected to Frau Brauer's death. In the red lightdistrict of St. Pauli, no one reports Gertraud Brauer's disappearance. Usually, prostitutes and people at the lower etches oflife are simply not missed, and often not reported. And if they are, it's not for very long. And it means that they are easier victims than anyone else. The investigation ishampered by only having part of a body, as Otto Kohn, along-serving police officer, recalls. It's always betterfor the investigating detective to find the body, since thereare always leads on the body. From the body you can deduce how it was done, sometimes even why it was done. You can deduce the motivefrom the killing method, but a murder case without abody is very hard to solve. But the dismemberedbody does provide some clues as to who might be responsible. The police believe it has been cut up so it could be carried on foot. From the beginning, we were aware that the perpetrator must be living close by because transportinga body would not remain unobserved because somebody is always bound to notice something. So we drew a circle of 500 meters around the place ofdiscovery and then checked who lived in this areathat might have something to do with the murder. The crime remains unsolved. Four years later, when Vierlediscovers the body parts in the attic fire, he makesan immediate connection to a previous crime scene. I was the officialin charge in the Gertraud Brauer case, and of course,I was aware of which body parts were missing. And when the firemen saidhere is a torso and a thigh, I knew immediately thatthese were the missing body parts of Frau Brauer's body. And this apartment isonly 300 meters from the waste ground where four years earlier, the other body parts were found. Could the murderer bethe occupant of the flat? And while I wasstill standing there, suddenly, a small figure came up the stairs wearing some type of uniform,like a security guard. He asked me, what happened here? I said, as you can see, there has been a fire, and your flat has been affected quite badly. You probably won't be able tolive here in the near future. The small figure is a night watchman, 40-year-old Fritz Honka, a man well-known to the authorities. I was a regularpatrol car policeman working my beat when I met Fritz Honka. He stuck in my memory. Some people do. He wasn't a particularly notorious criminal. He was just dodgy. In the top flatof 76... Strasse, the police suspect they might have just uncovered a serial killer. Fritz Honka is duly arrested. Police questioning would eventually reveal the diminutive night watchman is responsible for a series ofthe most gruesome and bloody murders Hamburg had ever seen. On the 17th of July 1975, in the midst of Germany's red light district in Hamburg, there's been a house fire. In the attic, bodies and body parts have been found charred and burnt. The tenant of the flat nextto the attic, Fritz Honka, has been arrested. Fritz Honka was born in 1935,the third of nine children. His mother struggled with such a big family, and so he was sent to an orphanage. Honka was kind of brought upin post-war Germany, where it was very barren, very uncaring. There was a lot of chaos,a lot of instability. If you back-trace many, many serial killers, you will find that theyhave problems in childhood. However, you will often find that they have siblings. In Honka's case, there were manynormal siblings who didn't go on to have a career in crime. Fritz Honkastruggles to fit in at school. He has a speech impediment and is teased about his physical appearance. He spends much of hischildhood in the orphanage. On the occasional home visits, he's frequently berated by his father, a heavy drinker. Hisupbringing was particularly emotionally feral in terms of the fact that his mother sent him away. He didn't see her again. His father was alcoholic. Possibly the only thing that his father did give him was alcoholism. As a young adult, there was still little stability in his life. He traveled the country working as a laborer. It was only at the age of21, when he moved to Hamburg and landed a well-paidjob in the docks, that he had any kind of security. The following year, in1957, he meets and marries his wife, Inge... Honka seemed to have aneed to establish himself with a normal relationshiphaving a normal background, so he chose a wife. And inappropriately, however, this was not where his desires lay. This was not, obviously,where Honka's future lay. Just like Honka, is a heavy drinker. Together, the two tour thebars and pubs of Hamburg. There are peoplethat you'll always remember. I remember that woman. She was strongly intoxicated. His wife did not help his drinking problem-- in fact, accelerated this. And Honka's life becamesaturated with alcohol, which made things that we wouldn't normally approach fairly approachable. During a turbulent relationship, the couple have a son, but their drinking spirals out of control. They lose their apartment,Honka loses his job, and the three of them end up living in sheltered accommodation. A lot of thingshappened in those shelters, especially during the weekend-- a lot of beatings amongmarried couples or friends. Alcohol played a major part in it. Policeman Otto Kohn vividly remembers one particular patrol. We entered the room, and she immediately slapped my colleague. He fell badly against the fridge. That was the sort of situationthat happened all the time. Their relationship is on/off. They divorce and marry again. But when... discoversHonka was having an affair, she leaves him for good. It filled him with hatred-- hatred of women in general. He admitted that he wanted totake women that were below him. He felt he'd been fleeced. He was very angry. Honka returns to the docks and begins work as a lowly night watchman. With some financial security, he's able to rent a smallsingle bedroomed apartment in the eaves of a three story townhouse close to the red light district. He decorates the small roomwith pornography and dolls. Honka behaved almost like a little adolescent let off the loose. He began to display pornographicmaterial on his walls, and he showed no particular restraint in terms of his indulgence of himself with this kind of paraphernalia. To meet women, Honka frequented the Golden Glove pub and the Elbschloss Keller in the red light district. Today, the bars are popularwith tourists and locals alike. 40 years ago, they werefrequented by prostitutes. Kacper Gradon, crime scientist,has looked into the Honka case. They frequentlychange their identity and deliberately avoid anycontact with law enforcement, and the people they work with often don't know anything abouttheir identity or whereabouts. So it's probable that if they went missing, no one would look for them for a long time. Honka foundhimself in the area of Hamburg which could be describedas a kind of social Bermuda Triangle, where very few people knew anybody, and certainly didn't know people continuously for a period. Honka finds anaffinity with the prostitutes. He may havefound a symbiotic relationship with them because he was aquiet, withdrawn individual and kept himself to himself, and this was somebody who could almost compensate. In 1969, hemeets 43-year-old Gertraud Brauer, an attractive part-timehairdresser and prostitute. Heiko Schwart, a regular inthe St. Pauli bars at the time, remembers Honka chatting with the local girls. But he searched out the people. He simply sat down next tothem and put down two beers. Back then, it was only one mark. And then he talked to the peoplein a kind of friendly way. He wasn't serious or straight-faced. Somehow, he was quite a funny person. And then he said, well, sweetheart, don't you want to come back with me? My flat isn't that far. And that's how it happened. Gertraud Brauerand Honka make a deal, and she goes back to Honka'sapartment and stays the night. But the next morning, her mood changes. For a quiet,highly controlled person such as Honka, this rathergregarious prostitute was a bit too vocal for him to contain. This frustrated him, and when she refused him sex in the morning, somethingsnapped within Honka, and his real self did come out. And he strangles the lady. Gertraud Brauerbecomes Honka's first victim. Honka chose to stranglea lady I think because that was immediately available. It didn't require him to find anything. But also, it meant that he couldstop the noise immediately, and it put him in total control over the killing of this person. But now he has adead body lying in his flat. So this is his first homicide. He's not experienced. And as he's never doneanything like this before, he doesn't know what to do with the victim. With no car andunable to use public transport, Honka has a problem. To kill aperson is easy and quick, but to get rid of the body is quite a big problem. Firstly, the risk of discovery, and secondly, the risk of transporting thebody parts without them being discovered. But he has a solution. Most people do not realize how difficult it is to dispose of a body. They are very, very heavywhen dead, somewhat limp, and even more of a dead weight. His decision was almost foregone. He did not have a vehicle. He did not really have the strength to drag this body around the streets. He had to dismember it. There was no choice in this, so he did. He cuts thevictim into smaller pieces. He wraps a leg, the arms, and the head and then takes them to the waste ground. He didn't dig a large grave or make sure she wascovered properly to ensure she'd never be discovered. The remaining partsof Gertraud Brauer's body were still in his apartment. I think he balks at the idea of carrying the rest of the body parts,which are increasingly large. He was a slight person. It probably, given his levelof frustration at the corpse, seemed like too much effortfor him to expend on something he actually hated at that point. And he had to find, really,an alternative method of storing body parts. He would have to bring the body or the large torsodown a steep staircase and wrap it in something. It seems impossible for no one to notice. I think he was being practical by keeping the body in his flat. Instead of buryingthe body, he has another idea. So hedecided to hide the bodies in the nearest place possible. That's his attic. He was practical, but he was also very unwise. Having hidden the body parts, Honka expects to be caughtout and waits for the police to arrest him, but no one comes. To Honka's relief, of course, the lady-- the prostitute-- was not missed by the police, by anyone, in fact. It seems Honkamight get away with murder. After awhile, he must have thought the bodies wouldn't be found. He didn't think of himself asa particularly clever person. So most probably, he got rid of the bodies just like people get rid of rubbish. He just threw them away. With neither themurder nor the body parts discovered, Honka was free to kill again. In this anonymous, wretched sea of humanity that Honka found himself, he began to look for victims. He began to, as it were, becomeforensically aware enough to actually stalk them andcheck whether anybody who came into that bar had any furtherconnections, possible family, were known there. And if they didn't, he would identify those and perhaps target them. But Honka's secretwas about to be rumbled. Gertraud Brauer's buried limbs remain undiscovered until almost a year later, when a laborer accidentallystumbles on them. It was on a site which used to be a chocolate factory and which was now used as a landfill. The neighbors had all their rubbish there. From the remains, police are able to create an Identikitpicture of the victim. The discovery must have left Honka panicked. Honka's reaction to body partsbeing found that he'd dumped was probably one of resentment that he'd gone through all the troubleof trying to dispose of them, and they've become a liability. Whilst the buriedbody parts were found, the rest of the corpse,hidden close by in his attic, remained undetected. When still no one came looking for him, Honka realized he was in the clear. Murder, it seemed, was simple. And worryingly, he was aboutto develop a taste for it. 1970. Fritz Honka is living nearHamburg's red light district. He's killed a local prostitute,43-year-old Gertraud Brauer. Parts of her body have been found buried at a nearby waste ground. The rest is hidden next to his apartment. It lies undisturbed for the next four years. We should rememberthat after this first killing, Honka doesn't fall into thecategory of serial killer. The long cooling down period isnot typical of a serial killer. So far, he has evaded detection, but he starts to get a reputation for violent outbreaks. Honka was quite angry. He was very moody, and wheneverhe didn't like something or something didn't work out the way he expected, he became aggressive. Schwart knows of at least one woman who was on the receiving end of Honka's tempers. And I know a woman. She's still alive. She's over 88 years old. I know that she went with him to his flat and had to tear herself loose from him. She ran off. She escaped because sherealized that he intended to do something to her. He hit her. He tore her tights, wrappedthem around her neck. She was able to prevent strangulation by getting a hand betweenthe tights and her neck. And subsequently, she escaped from the flat. He was lookingfor strong and perverse sexual experiences. One of the prostitutes he brought home later accused him of rape. She was probably referringto very pervasive and violent sexual acts. Honka is found guiltyof raping Ruth... and fined 4,000deutschmarks, the equivalent of around 8,000 eurostoday, but he avoids jail. Honka's reaction to being charged with an offense was probably one of anger, frustration, and to some degree, aggression. And I think this probablyfueled him into the next stage in his killing spree. This is oneway that serial killers tend to evolve, as they increase the level of violence they inflict on their victims. It quite simplyincreased his level of anger, increased his level ofaggression against females, and also confirmed to him that his ability to interact normally with females was just simply not there. So we can say that Honka's actions are a maturing processin becoming a serial killer. Even if we forgot about the first killing, this tendency to commit strongersexual and aggressive acts towards the prostitutes areforming a way, leading Honka to become a serial murderer. On the 6th of September, 1974, he meets anotherprostitute, Anna Beuschel. She would become Honka's second victim. But whether he felt the need to kill or if he simply killed throughfrustration is open to debate. Even though FritzHonka is obsessed with sex, surprisingly at this stage,I don't think that he's a sexual serial killer. All of his victims were invited to his flat, and he made them participatein very perverse and aggressive sexual acts. But when they refused or didn't listen to him, he became furious. And because of this alleged disobedience, he would hit them, and thatwould lead to their death. Once again, he'sfaced with the problem of disposing of the body. Honka's inability to disposeof body parts in a forensically correct way away from his residence was probably aconsequence of his slight build and ability to carry heavy objects. And possibly, it was much easierto keep the bodies in the flat. He wraps up her body and hides it deep in the recesses of the attic space. He's being very practical. He's a small man who lives on the top floor of an apartment block withsteep stairs leading up to it. Butpracticality is not enough where murder is concerned. Even though he's being practical, he's not too intelligent,and he doesn't think what might happen to thosebodies in a couple of months. Over time, the body of Anna Beuschel begins to decompose. The smell of rotting fleshfills the apartment block. Decomposing bodieshave a very, very strong smell. You have to bear in mind that Honka was keeping those body parts in the attic. And especially in the summer,the decomposition process would be rapid. So the smell must have been horrible. A neighborcomplains about the smell, and the police are called to investigate. As they question Honka,they are just meters away from the decomposing bodies. But Honka has anexplanation for the smell. He had said, well, there areforeigners living in the flat, and they're always cooking weird stuff, and that's why it smells. The detectives at the sceneaccepted his explanation. It's likely that Honkawas not bothered by the smell. Honka's possible alcoholism may have made him insensitive to smells, and he would not have actually picked up on the extreme, disgustingnature of rotting corpses. His way of coping with this would probably be to increase his alcohol intake so he became even more insensitive. But Honka is awarethat the smell is now becoming an issue for the other tenants. Rather than getting rid of the bodies, he tries to disguise the smell. He's using some toilet fresheners around the flat, hoping it would mask the smell of decomposing body. It wasn't the most effective method, and probably it made the stench even worse. Yet thedisappearance of Anna Beuschel goes almost unnoticed. Three months later, anothervictim falls to his prey. December 1974, he brings 57-year-old Frieda Roblick back to his apartment. He strangles her after sheallegedly tries to rob him. Honka places her body in the attic. It's possible thatafter those three killings, he realized that he wasgetting more skilled and more confident in what he was doing. He probably thought thatif he invited a prostitute and she didn't agree to hissexual and aggressive demands, he would kill her and hide her body in the attic. The time frame betweeneach murder is getting shorter. His next attack takesplace just one month later. By now, Honka is becoming forensically aware. He knows his limitations to some degree. He has a method, and he has amethod of disposing of bodies. So there's very little toprevent him from continuing his only means of sexual pursuit with females, which is, in fact, to kill. In January 1975, hetakes home 52-year-old Ruth Schult. As they're having some drinks, Schult finds something in Honka to ridicule. Regardless of any psychiatric background, Honka's mental state did change over the period of his killings. By the end, maybe Honkawas actually taking risks that the Honka at the start of this career would never have taken. Honka snaps. He hits Schult with a ginbottle and then strangles her. Her body is larger than the rest. He decides to hide her behinda panel in his apartment. The remains of four bodiesnow lie in Honka's flat and the adjacent attic. They would remain undiscovered were it not for an accident downstairs. While Honka is on night shift at the docks, the tenant in the apartmentbelow lights a candle. It gets knocked over when he leaves. A fire quickly spreads. We tried immediately to extinguish all the remainingfires and to air the room. And we aired the room byremoving the tiles of the roof, and we were able to find aplastic bag among a still smoldering pile of coals containing the remains of a human body. The police arebrought in to investigate just as Honka arrives home. It's difficult to absolutely ascertain, but Honka's reaction, hisdispassionate reaction to the police being absolutelyadjacent to charred bodies which could incriminate was possibly to do with him being forensically aware and realizing that any kind of reaction would be spotted by the police, and he would be suspect immediately. The police discoverdismembered body parts alongside two whole corpses. And once we figuredout what the body parts were-- a torso with cut-off breasts and a thigh-- we realized that they had belonged to the Gertraud Brauer case, parts of which I had found four years ago. The police believethey have a breakthrough. Charging Honka with murderis merely a formality, but the attic is actuallyaccessible by all residents of the building. Anyone could havedeposited the bodies there. If Honka is to be charged, moreevidence needs to be found. Body parts and corpses have been found in the attic of a burnt-outapartment building. The chief suspect is FritzHonka, who lives next door. Although the evidence is circumstantial, the police take him in for questioning. Back then, wealready had blood tracing. We already had secretion tracing. We had fingerprinting. Of course, we didn't have modern equipment-- no machines, no computers. Advanced policeforensics, such as DNA analysis, didn't exist. The only way to link Honka to the crime is through a confession. Otto Kohn, the interrogator on the day, knew he needed to be prepared. Before I start an interrogation, I figure out what type ofperson I'm dealing with to try and just talk to him as if we've been friends for a while. It's a great mistake, especiallywith capital offenses, to jump straight to thesubject of the killing itself, to immediately talk about the victims. You have to slowly edge your way forward to talk about anything at all at first. It's a method thatexperienced interrogators like Kohn have successfully used, but with Honka, he struggles. He only spoke in monosyllables. He never spoke in coherent sentences. Fritz Honka's IQ is so low, he's deemed borderline deficient. This, along with his speech impediment, means getting a confession is difficult. When interrogatinga suspect such as Fritz Honka, who's difficult because he's of low intelligence and a hardened criminalresponsible for heinous crimes, you have to be really careful in choosing your interrogation strategy. The police change tactics. Otto Kohn appeals to Honka's sensitive side. OK,... I'm so tired, I could breakdown right here because I've been on the guy all day. Well, he did appreciate that fact. Strangely, he agreed and said, me too. Well then, tell me how many bodies did we find? Then we can finish. Two or three? Did we really find two or three, not more? No, no more. It's a breakthrough. Honka admits he knows of bodies in the attic. However, he stops short of admitting to murdering the women. But as other people in the building also had access to the roof space, anyone could have left the bodies there. Although it seems an extraordinary mistake to leave bodies on your doorstep, with no directly incriminating evidence, it looks as if Honka might get away with it. Detectives Jurgen Vierle and... are sent back to carry out a thorough search of Honka's flat to secureenough evidence for prosecution. And I can rememberquite well sitting next to Herr on the couchin the smoke-filled flat, and there was still some peculiar smell in the flat itself that wasfurther away from the attic. And I just said to Herr... there must be another body somewhere. We started tapping the walls,and one sounded hollow, so we tore off the wallpaper. And then there appeared a wallpaper door, and behind that wallpaper doll,there was the fourth body. The police feel thatthey have enough circumstantial evidence to prove in a court of law that he murdered all four women. Returning to the interrogation room, the police still needed clarification as to how the murders were committed. We demonstratedit to him by twisting a towel and asking him, where did you apply it? Here? Here? Or there, possibly? Did you shoot all of them? Stab them all? Strangled them, possibly? That took all day again until I had the fourth body, until I had his statement that he'd strangled her. Finally, Honka admits that he was responsible for all four deaths, but he never revealed why he kept the bodies so close to home. Since Honkaonly talked in monosyllables, one can only assume that hiding the bodies there was the easiest option. There is no evidenceof Honka's motivation, either. He nevercommented on his motives. He never said yes or no. The only words he ever saidwere "possible" or "could be." I think that if the fire had not broken out, if this discovery had not been made, we wouldn't have discovered four bodies. We would have probably discovered six, seven, eight, nine bodies,until the attic space was full. He would definitely have continued. I'm convinced of that. Well, the experts said later on that he was a dangerous person. He would have continued ifhe hadn't been discovered. But Honka hasone last roll of the dice. Out of the blue, he claims thatalthough he killed the women, he wasn't responsible for their deaths. Instead, it was all down toa Victorian serial killer-- London's Jack the Ripper. Honka's means of re-graspingthe situation when he had been caught was to claim that he had, as it were, messages from Jack the Ripper. Claiming Victorian London's mass murderer ofprostitutes had contacted him was clearly preposterous. This may have beenHonka quite simply displacing the blame and trying to claim basically that he was perhaps insane, perhaps not responsible for his actions. And in a simplistic way, he possibly thought this might dispense with it. The ripper labelstuck, but the charges didn't. Honka's defense counsel managed to persuade the judge that Honka haddiminished responsibility. When convicted, Honka is found guilty of only one count of murder butthree counts of manslaughter. He did understand the harm he inflicted on his victims,and he understood his actions. So he wasn't insane fromthe criminal point of view, but he did have limited mental ability. Aided by psychiatric experts, he is classified as having asevere mental abnormality-- in other words, an illness,a controversial diagnosis. I believe thatHonka was not a criminally insane person, because he was aware of the harm he was doing to his victims. He was able to distinguishand differentiate between good and evil andunderstood the consequences of his actions. Despite confessing to killing, dismembering, and mutilating four women, Honka controversiallyescapes a prison sentence. The only solution was to admit him to a mental institution. Honka serves 15years in a mental institution. After which he is released from hospital and changes his name to Peter Jensen. His health deteriorates, andhe lives out his final years in a nursing home. In 1998, Honka dies aged 63, those around him unaware of his gruesome past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 