Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e1 - The Novel Killer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Novel Killer - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight, free to kill and kill again. The most are not the criminalmaster minds of fiction. In their heads, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolish mistakes, which get them caught. Some killers comeunstuck, because they are too smart for their own good. Charismatic Polish intellectualKrystian Bala believed he could get away with murder. He's now serving 25 years in prison. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 On a gray Decembermorning in the year 2000, fishermen find a bloated, semi-naked body drifting in the river Odra in eastern Poland. Stumbling across the bodywas extraordinarily unlikely. This remote spot is rarely visited. It was not a popular place. It was hard to get there. You need to drive there by car and then walk a few hundred meters on foot. Finding a body in the river automatically erases forensic evidence. I believe thatwas the killer's aim, to make it difficult for police. The police reportthat the corpse is male and has 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 visible wounds to his body. The victim wasbeaten with premeditation. There were very serious injuries, including scratches around his face, caused by some kind of tool. A police search ofthe missing persons database reveals that the body isthat of Dariusz Janiszewski, a 35-year-old advertising company director missing for just under a month. News of the gruesome murderattracts the attention of crime scientist Kacper Gradon. When I firstheard about the case, it was something really extreme and very unique. Janiszewski's head, hisneck, his arms, and his feet were tied with rope in a verypeculiar way, that the more he moved his arms, the more he moved his legs, the noose tied around hisneck would get stiffer and it would suffocate the victim. When Gradonstudies the pathology report, it revealed more disturbing details. The stomach was completely empty and the intestines of the victimwere completely empty too, which indicates that the person could not have eaten for at leastthree days before death. And based onthe amount of water found in the victim's lungs, it was established that the victim was still alive when he was dropped into the water. It looked like your gang related execution. Criminalpsychologist David Holmes has his own theory on the killing. The circumstancesof the body and the crime itself would indicate there's a great deal of anger involved here. It could have been carried outby some kind of organization if this was a punishment killing, but this is very personal. This is something that someonehas seen as their mission. The police investigation begins by looking for a motive. Detectives interviewedJaniszewski's wife and family, business partners and friends,but find nothing that would explain his brutal murder. He was asuccessful young businessman without any business problems. He was not, at least to the knowledge of the police, involved in any type of criminal activity. He did not have any knownmarital problems whatsoever. He was a popular, nice person, liked by his family and friends, so there was no clear motive for his death. Detectives are forced to admit there inquiries have led nowhere. The media are calling it the perfect crime. The idea of aperfect murder is quite scary. It's something thattends to occur in fiction and it's also something that's incredibly embarrassing to police forces. Police know they needhelp, and contact... the host of Poland's mostpopular TV crime show. The police hadexhausted all their options for the investigation. We can reach the witnesses whomight not even know that they witnessed it or might be connected to the people involved in the crime. Prime time TV exposurehad solved many of Poland's most intractable cases, but although the show's website receives plenty ofhits, there are no new leads. The broadcastdisappointed us a lot, since we thought we wouldreceive plenty of information, but there was silence. It was very difficult. There was no evidence that therewas anyone behind this murder. We had no idea who killedDariusz Janiszewski. The policeinvestigation is abandoned around June 2001 and the Janiszewski murder slips out of the headlines. Until eventually, around fiveyears later, one Krystian Bala is charged with the murder. Over the followingmonths, Poland would learn of an extraordinary crime. When Bala was arrested, it was one of the most importantevents in the criminal history of Poland. It was spectacular. He was being presented as a famous traveler,photographer, intellectual, maniac, and murderer. Astonishingly, Bala had written a book in which he appearedto incriminate himself in the Janiszewski murder. British crime novelist, Mark Billingham is instantly hooked on the story. I was fascinated by the notion of the killer who'd, almost inadvertently, confessed to his crimeswithin a novel he'd written. It's an incredibly dramatic premise, but also a ludicrous premise. If I put it in a novel,people wouldn't believe me. The chain of events that led to Bala arrest was just as extraordinaryas his trial. In 2003, a year and a halfafter the case was abandoned, a routine review of unsolved murders was underway in the cityof... Police HQ. It would reveal the astonishing mistakes Bala had made in committingthe crime, overlooked by the original investigation,blunders which eventually led to his imprisonment. I got this case in 2003. I was dealing with crimes like murders, robberies, organized crime. Even with his fresh eyes, detective Wroblewski can findno connection to organized crime or any other motive formurder, but he keeps ticking and notices that the victim's mobile phone was never recovered from the crime scene,although Janiszewski had it with him when he disappeared. This is thephone we are looking for. This was the starting point. The missing phoneis Wroblewski's only lead, so he focuses on tracking it down, all too aware it's likelyto be a wild goose chase. The phone is probably lostat the bottom of the river or most likely destroyed by the killer, but Wroblewski has an incredible piece of luck when he discovers Janiszewski's wife has kept the receipt for the phone. On it is the device's IMEI number. If the phone is still making calls, this number could beused to trace the killer. Against the odds, Wroblewski's only lead pays off. The phone is still in use. Establishingthat this phone was working after the murderwas the beginning of the case. In the months since the murder, he discovers the phone hasbeen sold on multiple times. This phonewas used by several people. When we established who had been in possession of thisphone, we questioned them. And step by step, we began to trace the perpetrator. Wroblewskieliminates innocent buyer after buyer, winding the clockback to the time of the murder. Detectives questioned the manfound to be using the phone immediately after the victimwent missing and discovered the unsuspecting businessman had himself bought the mobile from an internetauction site just three days after Janiszewski vanished. The phone had been sold for 285Polish Zloty, about 70 Euros, by someone with theinternet user name ChrisB7. The registrationdetails proved that the account belonged to Krystian Bala. Krystian Bala, a 30 something Polish intellectual and businessman, may also be innocent. Wroblewski begins todelve into his background. Of course we get excited that we found a person-- -- that there is someone physically who fits in,-- -- but we haveto look the other way around. We become devil's advocate-- -- and start to look for any element that would prove his innocence. Keeping an open mind,when Wroblewski follows Bala's online trail, he discovershis personal blog and a series of lurid extractsfrom Bala's first novel describing a murder. Bala's own translation ofhis novel pulls no punches. I held a knife with one hand and with the other, I stuck aknife above her left breast. Ribs cracked, but the longsteel blade entered her. The blood is sparkling. Bala insists his wordsare an act of pure imagination, but for Wroblewski, they ignite deep suspicion. Police are often called dogs, because we follow the traces. When the trace gets stronger,than we searched even harder. To thedetective, the blog reads like a diary of a murderer. In 2003, the routine investigation of a gruesome cold case is blown wide open when detective Wroblewski stumbles across Krystian Bala's blogand a description of a murder. The violent events describedonline turn out to be extracts from Bala's first novel titled "Amok." The book promises readersan adults only experience. The book ishalf hard core pornography and half sadistic violence. There's reallynot a great deal of plot. Chris, the main character in that book, thinks he can do pretty much whatever he likes. The laws, both natural andlegal, don't apply to him. Chapter ninefeatures a vivid description of the murder of a young woman called Mary, tied up and stabbedwith a knife and left to die. The narrator, referred to throughout as Chris, sells the murder weapon onan internet auction site. Wroblewski orders a copy of "Amok," and is struck by parallelsbetween the fiction and the facts of his investigation into the murder of Dariusz Janiszewski. I have tosay that parts of the blog were very similar to the committed murder. There was apart about selling a knife on the internet auction site and that knife was used as a murder weapon. That related to the situation with the phone sold on the auction site. Along with the use ofa rope to tie up the victims, Wroblewski feels the similarities are too great to be coincidenceand Bala becomes prime suspect. Police search for thenovelist, but discover Krystian Bala left Poland in 2001. The case stalls. Wroblewski knows he doesn'thave enough evidence to pursue his suspect abroad. There wasstill no clear reason why anybody had killed Janiszewski. They'd suddenly got this linkto this guy Bala, but why? Bala didn't know this guy. What did he-- what could he possibly have had? To move the case forward, Wroblewski needs to find a tangible connection between Bala and the victim. He decides not to quiz Bala's close associates in case they tip him off thatthe police are on his trail. Instead, he opts to trawl through the pages of "Amok," searching for a motive for Janiszewski's murder. You could say it was a very precise analysis of the book. We just wanted to establish some facts. I have a feeling it was a game for Bala, with the murder and then with writing about it,-- -- but writingand publishing about it was very dangerous. After weeksporing over Bala's novel, Wroblewski believes the key to the case is revealed on the final pagein a reference to jealousy. The motiveturned out to be mundane. It was his extreme, blind jealousy. Despite his unorthodox methods, Wroblewski believes he has now the motive, but the suspect is still nowhere to be seen. Months pass, then in 2005Krystian Bala's passport is flagged entering Poland,and Wroblewski can finally act. Bala is arrested. And over five yearsafter Dariusz Janiszewski was brutally tortured and murdered, the prime suspect can at last be questioned. Prosecutor Kucharski leads the interrogation. I wanted to makeit comfortable to talk,-- -- so I asked forhis chains to be taken off. Bala was not a typical person. You could see he was an anomaly. Frustrated by Bala'sinitial dismissive attitude, Kucharski directly asks if Balahad help killing his victim. Bala's reply stuns the prosecutor. Krystian Bala saidthat he did not help anyone and that he killed DariuszJaniszewski on his own. I was surprised. It turned out to be simple. I was happy that the accusedconfessed to the crime. But the prosecutor'seuphoria is short lived. His behaviorstarted to change. He started to look around the room, and he was making weird poses. Krystian Balastarted to play with the phone. Putting the receiver on the phone, he asked for something to drink, because he was feeling terrible. Bala asks for a doctor, and the interview is suspended. Theambulance that was called said that there was no medical reason, which should stop us fromcontinuing the interrogation. Bala is found to be perfectly fit, but when the interview restarts,Bala retracts his confession. That ended with him not signing the interrogation documents. Krystian Bala subsequentlyrefused to talk to me. It's very odd when Bala suddenly decides to retract that. It's as if he's just playing with reality. He gave them the confession, and then he took it away,like, I am in control. You will play my games. I am directing your scene. Bala's retraction is also a red flag to the prosecutor. He contacts psychologists to getto the bottom of the suspect's baffling behavior. Their findings help tounderstand Bala and the motive for his crime. - I - appointed world class experts from the best Instituteof forensic research in Krakow. There was a psychiatric evaluation, which showed Bala had a veryspecific sociopathic behavior. Psychologists focuson Bala's narcissistic traits. He considered himself to be a superior human being, much smarter, much stronger, much more intelligent than the rest of the population. It was Bala's narcissistic mindset that dictated his curiousbehavior in the interview room and beyond. When-- normal individuals would feel the walls are closingin on them, there's no escape. Unfortunately, someone who's kind of very narcissistic, then thiscould never be the situation. They've always got a route out. In his own mind, he is. He's heading to glory, recognition. At some point, the world will give way and recognize him for amassive intellectual power he is. Bala's retractionis a serious blow for the prosecution. Kucharski will now be forced to build a case without a full confession and he still has no evidence beyond afictional murder to connect the victim to the suspect. The prosecution team beginto dig into the secret life of Krystian Bala. Bala was born into a middle class loving family in theSilesian region of Poland. The elder of two children, Krystian was bright and intelligent. He was a smart child. He was a good people, but hehad problems with other kids. He got intoconflicts with other kids. He stuck out. He was egocentric. Sometimes,people with those... disorders are actually quite functional. It doesn't cloud yourjudgement, you don't see things, you just basically have very, very strong traits, which eventuallywill become dysfunctional. Your family tends to acceptall sorts of weird distortions, because you are a kid, you're their kid. As you approach the real world,then it becomes unforgiving. Bala was the first member of his family to go to university, where he studied philosophy. He goes to university and immediately he has to find himself so he creates a persona. He sees himself as beingentitled to the role of someone superior to everyone else. The one thing he did have is the confidence to try and carry that out. He was animmensely popular student with his teachers, who thoughthe was incredibly clever, which he was, from his fellow students, from the man who thought hewas great fun to hang out with, for the women who do used to fall asleep. I mean, he had-- he had a bit ofa sort of legendary reputation. But there was something murky about Krystian Bala, and people were beginning to notice. Krystian Balahad moments of being very good and a very horrible person. He was definitely very smart, but also very confrontational. That's what people were saying about him. Confidenceis an aphrodisiac, and in the short term, he foundthat he could pick up females, that he could actually charm them. All the people that knew himback then testified to this, that he would tell-- he wasbasically an enormous liar, an enormous fabricator, andhe built these kind of myths around his own character to the point where he almost started to believe them. In 1995, age just23, the so called student Casanova married hischildhood sweetheart, Stasha. Stasha had dropped out of high school and worked as a secretary in the city. He needed someone to be there, someone that would make him look as a successful academic. He just wanted someone toplay the role of a wife. Shortly after gettingmarried, Bala has a son, but tensions between him andStasha reach breaking point. Personality problems become most evident ininterpersonal relationships. You will get narcissistic rage,you'll get narcissistic anger and they will then inflict physical, if necessary, dominance over the circumstances. At that time,Bala was having many affairs, but at the same time, he was getting more jealous of his wife. Several witnessessaid the relationship was very weird. Krystiancould do anything he liked, and his wife, Stasha, was meant to stay at home raising his children. This is someone who's going to lose people from thisroller coaster all the time. They're headed in a direction,which has got no real purpose and this in itself is goingto end up with a collision somewhere, some how. Around 1998, Balaabandons his university studies to start a specialist cleaning company, convinced he has a brightfuture as an entrepreneur. I think hewas always someone who thought of himself as a great intellectual, but that never quite worked out for him. He was never able to make a decent living as a great intellectual, so weended up being a businessman. He thought he was going to bea very successful business man. That didn't really work out. Nothing kind of worked for him. So I see a man whose kind of ambition was thwarted at every turn and so maybe-- maybe he was looking for fame and notoriety in a very different area. Within monthsthe business has crumbled, along with his marriage. A bitter divorce followed in 1999, but Bala couldn't let the relationship go and his obsession with his ex-wife intensifies. It was reported the during in the trial, a friend of Stasha'sdescribed how she witnessed a jealous outburst from Bala. The report claims he'd followed Stasha to a bar and threatened to kill her and all her men. It's very common, particularly with narcissistic individuals,to create another reality. If you are with someone, then they are yours. They are your property andno one else can steal them and if you actually do end upsplitting up with that person, often it leads to stalking behavior. In summer 1999,Stasha meets a young musician, Dariusz Janiszewski, in a bar and they begin a brief secret affair. Bala becomes aware of his ex-wife's betrayal and confronts her with his suspicions. Krystian Bala shouted once to Stasha that he knew about her affair with Janiszewski. That was the most important moment. To the outside world, Janiszewski was a carefree budding musician. He had no idea what horror would be unleashed by his secret affair with Bala's ex. On November 13, 2000, Janiszewski disappears. He experiences horrificabuse before his dead body is recovered from the river Otra. The torture and murder ofadvertising executive Dariusz Janiszewski goes unsolved for nearly three years, until Krystian Bala posts extracts of his first violent novel on his blog and breaks the case wide open. There is no colder case than the-- than theJaniszewski murder at that point. Goes online, finds this book,and is just astonished at what he's read and becomes a literaldetective every bit as much as he's a criminal one. With Bala finally under arrest, a media storm engulfsthe city of... Suddenly, therewas press from around Europe. It was big news. The murderer described his crime in his book. Bala's novel,"Amok," becomes a best seller. It was a huge story and of course, once the case became big news, you know, this book sold out everywhere. As far as the media is concerned, Poland seems convinced the bookwill be enough to convict Bala, but to the shock of many, the court decides the book will not beused as evidence in the trial. The details that first arousedsuspicion are just too vague. None of that description could be used in the evidence material. It's just a story with similar events. Gradon believes that Bala hoped to use his book as a kindof smokescreen in the court, diverting attention away from his own behavior. Bala was obviouslytrying to refer to his book, trying to humiliate thecourt by showing to the media that the entire case isbuilt upon a work of fiction. The judge said, we are not talking about your book. We're talking about your crime. You can see Krystian Bala is very, very angry that hispotential line of defense Detective Wroblewski spent months analyzing Bala's book forclues, but now accepts that the book is a red herring. I can only saythat I agree with the court. If the novel was going tocreate unnecessary chaos, then the book should not be used as evidence. The Bala trialbecomes a media soap opera. The handsome, unassuming defendant appears on front pages every day, but opinion is divided surrounding his involvement in the murder. Undoubtedly,it was one of the most spectacular crimes in thecriminal history of Poland, and the trial was equally spectacular. There were differentopinions as to whether Bala was or wasn't the murderer. The smartly dresseddefendant is an enigma that defies simple explanations. He was avery smart guy, who then made some very stupid mistakes. It's a very odd paradox, coming back to Poland in the first place when ostensibly he's got away with this. And off he's gone and, he'sgot a new life himself. And then he comes back to Poland, wanders back in and, youknow, as his collar fell. Bala, in away, when he left Poland, he was leaving behind all tracethe crime and any connect-- possible connection betweenhimself and what had happened. He was a chameleon and he had no qualms about creating new personas. To return, again, just generally shows his massive overconfidence. He's committed a perfect crime. He may well carry on. He can do what he likes. He must have just thought, I got away with this. He must have just fanciedhimself to the nth degree and thought, I'm untouchable. It was whilst on his travels Bala reinvented himself as a novelist and posted his fateful blog. Putting the book out on a blog is another in a long line of what appear, when you look at him, to be enormous blunders. Holmes is convinced that the blog was a way for Bala to find a wider audience. The novel, as much as it may have felt like an achievement to write it, was a bit of a failure. Of course, he can't reallyrecognize failure in himself. It's a failure in the worldto recognize his brilliance. So therefore, what do you do? You blog it, you put it out there so more people can see it. With the book nowsidelined, for the prosecutor, the stakes are high. With no confession and no direct evidence, the circumstantial case must be water-tight. Kucharski begins to bombard the court with the shambolic realityof Bala's perfect murder. On the day of his disappearance, witnesses describe how Janiszewski took a mobile call before leaving the office. Phone calls that had been made to Janiszewskiwere made from a telephone box just up the road and it wasa phone box that's operated with a phone card and thosephone calls are registered and calls made on them are recorded. Although policenever found the phone card, every call made on it was logged and made available to detectives. Among them wereconversations with Bala's parents and his friends. He called his office number. Magnetic card allowed us to believe with 100% certainty that the card was used by Bala. Thatincriminated him enormously. I mean, just massivemistakes that are kind of-- an idiot would make. And yet we know the Bala is extremely, fiercely intelligent, but maybe-- maybe too intelligent for his own good. Bala's troublesstem from his bizarre decision to sell the victim's phoneand the ease with which it was traced back to him. It is absolutely astonishing. Yes, there were reasons why hemight have held onto that phone for a couple of days. He might have wanted to havea look, look through messages, look through-- listen to them,but once he's done with it, yeah, he smashes it up, it's really basic, he drops it in the river, he does something, not sells it for a few quid on an internet auction site. - I - think he actually wanted a little bit of apayback, a little bit of cash for my troubles and thetroubles you have caused me, even though he had put the guythrough immense torture, death, and he still wanted a few in return. Did he think hewas better than everybody else or did he just getcareless and just screw up? I mean, it's-- it's quite difficult to know. There's a very thin linebetween arrogance and stupidity. Although thephone evidence gives police there link between Bala and Janiszewski, the prosecutor stilllacks a motive for murder, and Bala still insists he never met the victim. But dramatic witness testimonyjoins the dots between the men. Iestablished that Krystian got to know about Janiszewski through one of his wife's girlfriends. She described in detail how Krystian asked her about their relationship-- -- and wasasking you about Janiszewski. Like, where he works, where hecan meet him, and who he was. He got very detailed information. They find thefinal missing link and this link is the motive and that motive is jealousy. Detective Wroblewski'sinstincts about Bala's motive turned out to be right. He was jealous of his ex-wife's lover. The net is tightening, but the prosecutor still lacks any physical evidenceconnecting the two men, but then the prosecutor gets the break he needs. Since Bala's arrest, investigators had been sifting the belongingshe left at his parent's house. We need toremember that it was five years after the victim waskilled, so we did not expect to find any direct evidence. But Bala's stash of belongings provides a treasure trove ofincriminating evidence that would ultimately convict him. Five years after Bala left Poland, detectives find new evidence connecting Krystian Bala to murdervictim Dariusz Janiszewski. We found anotebook, which had details of Janiszewski's company in it. We also found apen in the accused's house. It was his company pin. Even one ofJaniszewski's business cards is found in Bala's hoard. The idea Bala never met the victim is looking less and less credible. He always saidthat he never knew Janiszewski, that he'd never heard thatname, and that he'd never met that person and still, they were able to find his belongings oritems related to his company in Bala's possession. Bala'srecklessness and overconfidence also included the various mementos of the crime. It's a way, if you like,of continuously dominating the victim after death. It's quite a primordial thingto keep trophies of a killing. As the trial continued, more of Bala's mistakeswere presented to the court. TV crime show 997 had tried invain to help catch the killer in 2002, butinvestigators now pointed to a series of mysterioushits on the show's website. For two or three years, we were receiving commentsrelating to this murder. That wouldn't be unusualif it wasn't for the fact that they came from alldifferent parts of the world, mainly from Asia and America. That was very weird. Bala's passportcontained immigration stamps that logged his movementsduring his absence from Poland. When they startedto analyze the IP numbers-- -- entering the 997 website, they discovered they wereregistered in countries where Bala was in at that time. It was easyto connect it all together. There was evidence showing the connection between theJaniszewski murder and Bala. The website evidencehad convinced detectives that they were on the righttrack, but in the end, played no part in his final conviction. Prosecutors had even more startling evidence to offer, which came directlyfrom Bala's own mouth, just weeks after Janiszewski's murder. One of Bala's friends gave very important testimony-- -- that during theNew Year's Eve party in 2000, a drunk Bala shouted that he had already killed one of Stasha's lovers-- -- and that he didit using a rope or a cable. It proved to be, finally, another nail in his coffin. This wasn't bashing somebodyin the back of the head, this wasn't poisoning somebody,this was brutalizing somebody over a number of days,torturing them, starving them, tossing them up and droppingthem into a frozen river still alive. It was a very personal murder. He had a score to settle. And that's all about Stasha. In September 2007,Bala was found guilty of murder and sentenced to 25 years in jail. He would neverhave deliberately left clues, but his confidence meant thathe would take ultimate risk and without noticing, leave evidence, which was definitely going to tiehim to the victim and therefore the crime. I think all these blunders are indicative of the fact thathe never actually thought he was going to get caught. He is a complete paradox,hugely powerful intellect, hugely stupid mistakes that got him caught. That's how it is in life, that even the most organizedperpetrators leave traces. Every elementthat brings us closer to the solution is exciting. I will not deny it, it issatisfying when we succeed. The perpetrator is where he is meant to be. From his cell, Bala still rankles at how his novel wasinterpreted by the police as a blueprint for murder. Wroblewskiclaims that the crime scene in the book "Amok" was a keyfor his investigation, which is absurd. He must be, I don'tknow, an idiot, complete, idiot, illiterate idiot. The book is kind of languagegame, which has no relationship with anything in real life. I can not recognize my bookwhen it's cut off into pieces and this is what I hate. For once, crime writer Mark Billingham sees Bala's point. - I - don't think it's a kind of autobiography of a murderer. I don't in any sense think,look at these key passages, which the police got soworked up about as being proof of-- of his terrible murder,but I think they're proof of a fairly twisted kind of-- of a twist-- a very twisted mind. Although Bala'sbook is pure fiction, it still shines a light on it's author. As a criminologist, the most revealing thing about his book was how much of himself it portrayed and how much of his character it revealed, his manipulative and psychopathic with disregard for others and his kind of narcissistic andselfishness were all embedded in the pages of that book. From behindbars, Bala still protests that he had nothing to do with the murder of Dariusz Janiszewski. They have ruinedmy personal life, my family life, my professional life, and they force me to live behind bars,this hell on Earth, for what? For nothing. I have never committed a crime. I have never done anything,I should spend here a day, and I have been here almost eight years. The judgement with such absolute conclusions had to be written by brainless jellyfish. Right now, he can present himself as an innocent person, a victimof an oppressive police system. He knows that one day he will be free. If he says, I did it, this was me, he would be marked as an offender for life. Despite "Amok" playingno part in his conviction, Krystian Bala will always be known as the murderer who incriminatedhimself in his own novel. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 