Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s2e5 - The Freeway Killer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Freeway Killer - full transcript 
 William Bonin was the first man in California to be executed by lethal injection. His death in 1996 followed a conviction for the murder of 21 boys aged between 12 and 19 in just one frenzied year. He is estimated to have killed as many as double that. A truck driver and son of a bingo-addicted, alcoholic mother and compulsive gambling father, he was incarcerated in juvenile detention at a young age where he suffered his first rape. On his release he began molesting young boys - a crime that would see him imprisoned and consigned to a mental institution. He met a part-time magician, Vernon Butts, and struck up a deadly friendship that would see them recruit a small gang of accomplices and go on to rape and murder lone boys, often hitch-hiking in the southern Californian sunshine. His victims were attacked in the back of his van, named by investigators as "the Death Wagon" and dumped by the side of the freeway, earning him the title; "The Freeway Killer". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: The most notoriouskillers hide in plain sight. Free to kill and kill again. But most are not the criminalmasterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it is their foolishmistakes that get them caught. Bradford, England, May, 2010. A caretaker in a block of flats sits down to check the week's CCTV. Amidst the comings and goings of the residents he sees something strange. The caretaker, I think, regularly 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 reviewed silent CCTV footage on the look out for petty crimes in the block, is anybody vandalizing thefire extinguishers or whatever? And comes across thishorrendous piece of footage. NARRATOR: At half past 2:00 in the morning, a young woman is led into theflat by one of the residents. Three minutes later, sheemerges running for her life. CYRIL DIXON: When he playedthat footage back slowly, he realized that a young woman was fleeing the flat of one of his tenants. NARRATOR: Journalist CyrilDixon is fascinated by the case. CYRIL DIXON: He knew thattenant by the name of Steve. He watched as this man,Steve, got hold of this woman, fought with her, strike her physically. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 NARRATOR: The victim lies immobilized. Then the assailant produces a weapon. For author Mark Billingham what comes next ranks as one of the strangest moments in the history of crime. He, very calmly goes afterher and shoots her twice in the head with a crossbow. NARRATOR: He drags her limpbody back towards his tiny flat. MARK BILLINGHAM: Then he realizes he's on camera. There's that moment when hegoes, ah, oh, well, the game's up, now into performance mode. When he gives the finger to the camera, when he holds up the crossbow,when he basically looks at that camera and says, hereI am, I'm from your nightmares, come and get me. NARRATOR: The caretaker alerts his manager. Within hours the police are on the scene. CYRIL DIXON: When the policearrived, they come heavily armed expecting massive resistance by a virtue of what's been seen on theCCTV, this man has been the public enemy number one. MARK BILLINGHAM: And when they do come knocking, rather violently, on the door, he apparently says, I'm in here. He goes, come and get me. He makes no attempt to run. No attempt to do anything. NARRATOR: The shocking CCTV footage comes straight out of the blue. Although there have been missing person reports, the police do not know that there was a killer on the loose. They do not even know whetherthe woman in the video is dead or alive. The next day, a member of the public reports a horrificdiscovery in the river Aire on the outskirts of Bradford. CYRIL DIXON: A member of the public, who was walking his dog, saw something floating in the water. He wondered what it was. I think it was in a rucksack. He opens this rucksack to finda head staring back at him. And, of course, it didn'trequire much detective work to work out that the head in the river was connected to the CCTV footage. NARRATOR: The head from the river is swiftly identified through dental records. It belongs to a young womannamed Suzanne Blamires. Blamires had a happy middle class childhood, but the death of her fathersaw her descend into alcoholism and drug addiction. She ends up prostituting herselfon the streets of Bradford. She knew the man who appearsto attack her in the video. Stephen Griffiths has ahigh profile on the street. Bradford resident, poet JoolzDenby, saw him around the city. He was a familiar figure walking around. Although this is a city, it's quite a small city. He was always the guy that waswalking around with a sullen expression wearing ablack leather trench coat and his hair slicked back inwhat appeared to be baby oil. NARRATOR: Although Griffiths was trying to look cool, Denby saw a man who was a misfit. He looked like an idiot to be honest with you. He wasn't the cool goththat you could think, whoa, he looks interesting. He was like, oh, he's a real try hard. NARRATOR: Griffiths might have looked like a mere attention seeker,but it wasn't a game to him. JOOLZ DENBY: Unfortunately, Ithink that went a lot deeper, that passionate desire to be noticed, than anybody would have thought possible. NARRATOR: As the police begin to delve deeper into Griffiths private life,they realize the true nature of his character. They discover that Griffiths had been developing a twisted alter egoon a social networking site. As well as writing authoritative accounts of historic serial killers, Griffiths presented a strange newidentity called Ven Pariah. Ven, being a shortened versionof his first name Stephen, and Pariah, one that is despised or rejected. Through his dark online pseudonym he reveals his inner turmoil. He goes on to his networking site and puts this speech, whichis melodramatic to the nth degree, it's like somethinghe's read, something he's seen. He talks about himself as being hatred tightly wrapped in flesh. How poor Stephen tried to control them, but couldn't, and now he is finally emerging. NARRATOR: But this seeminglyharmless online activity is just the tip of the iceberg. Griffiths has a violent and psychotic past. This propensity for violenceshowed itself very early on. NARRATOR: For criminalpsychologist, David Holmes, Griffiths is a fascinating case. He was diagnosed as apsychopath, which is really very dangerous in terms of threat to others, and also of a skitzoid character. NARRATOR: Griffiths is an enigma. He appears to prey on prostitutes, a group that are difficult to track, and that makes them easy to pick off. In the video it looks likehe knows what he's doing. His actions aren't the work of a newbie killer. The police need to know what else he's hiding and if he has killed any more. Having seen Griffiths attackingSuzanne Blamires on CCTV and discovering her decapitated head, the police need to find out how she died and whether Griffiths hascommitted other crimes. CYRIL DIXON: As soon asGriffiths was known about, he was caught. The difficulty for the police, I think, was trying to discover exactly what he had done given that he wasn'texactly straight with them. So tell me, Mr.Griffiths, there's one thing we're struggling to work out. He told them a lot of what he'd done, but there was no way they could trust him. There was no way they could believe his story without checking it. NARRATOR: The police scourhis flat for evidence. The police then come and have a look, probably thinking they'redealing with some nut case who's got nothing at all. And then they see what they say and all hell breaks loose, essentially. CYRIL DIXON: Well, firstof all, they found a number of crossbows, two or three. Highly dangerous, highlypowerful, capable of firing bolts at something like 200 miles an hour. They found a number of Japanesemartial arts type swords. They found knives. They found knuckledusters. And they found a whole library full of books on every possible murder that's ever taken place. NARRATOR: But they find no cluesas to Suzanne Blamires fate. Stephen Griffiths was very,very clean and house proud. In the bathroom of his flat,he had obviously mounted a huge cleanup operation. NARRATOR: If Griffiths disposedof the body in his flat, he will find it hard to disguise the evidence. Forensics expert, Ray Palmer, knows just how hard a job it can be. It's extremely difficultto completely clean up from dismembering a body. Much of the deposition of bloodin these circumstances is tiny and it's easily overlooked. And it's easily trapped invarious surfaces in which the dismemberment took place. NARRATOR: The forensics team begin their work to see if they can find out whathappened to Suzanne Blamires. Even though Griffiths is under the spotlight, in interviews and in court he spins a dark tale about what he has been up to in his tiny flat in Bradford. A story of up to five morewomen being lured into his flat who are kept as sex slaves, viciously murdered and cannibalized. A story so utterly grim and revolting the police are under pressure to discover whether or not Griffiths is a fantasist or the most grotesque serial killer of modern times. As the detectives back at base begin to investigate Griffiths past, they uncover a truly disturbing story. Stephen Griffiths is born into an upwardly mobile Bradford family in 1969. But family life breaksdown, his parents separate, but they still scrimp and saveto send him to private school. Despite getting a good start in life, he begins to reveal an unusual side. DAVID HOLMES: People with skitzoid tendencies often do look kind of like a blank slate. They just don't seem torelate to others, so they seem fairly harmless, and sometimes quite cute looking as children. But in the case of Griffiths,he was seen by many people mutilating animals very cruelly. JOOLZ DENBY: A lot of the timehe felt quite invisible, as if he didn't count, as if the child that he was was of no consequence, really, to anybody. And that however much he shouted, it was as if he wasshouting inside a glass jar and nobody could hear him. NARRATOR: After a lonelybut uneventful childhood, Griffiths mental statedeteriorates in his late teens. He was becoming very frustrated with the kind of things he could do inlife and where he would get satisfaction and his abilityto control the situation, because he was entering intolife that was becoming more and more uncontrolled as an adult. He couldn't relate to others very well. NARRATOR: He leaves home abruptly and begins living rough. Then he reveals his dark side. The first serious offense which can be linked to Griffithstook place in 1987 in Leeds. He'd gone into a shop witha view to shoplifting. He was spotted by the shopkeeperwho tried to apprehend him, and Griffith produced a knife and slashed this man across the face. I think those initial forays into violence showed him something, he sawwhat that kind of behavior did. How it terrified people, howit made him feel powerful. The sight of blood, thesight of flesh being cut, whatever that did to him fired something up. It lit a fuse. NARRATOR: He's sent into youth custody for one and a half years. CYRIL DIXON: The act he had committed in itself was sufficient to identify him as a very dangerous young man. But I think the full dangerspotential of Stephen Griffiths wasn't realized until some five years later. NARRATOR: Griffiths isassessed by psychiatrists. He is not found to be insane, but he is a psychopath. DAVID HOLMES: He was diagnosedas psychopathic, skitzoid, obsessive, controlling. He was very aloof and didn'treally emotionally connect. He was certainly-- had very little empathy with normal human beings. Probably didn't even see himself as being part of the human race, which isreally very dangerous in terms of threat to others. People start saying, something very worrying, very dark about this kid. CYRIL DIXON: In fact, theysaid he had a personality disorder, which in itself is nottreatable as a mental illness. He can't be locked up, basically, until he's actually committed a crime. NARRATOR: And it wouldn't belong before he committed crimes that would make slashing a shopkeeper's face look like child's play. Griffiths emerges intothe economically depressed Bradford of the early '90s. He is unable to get a normaljob due to his criminal record, but he is bright andfascinated by the human mind. He enrolls as a student ofpsychology at Bradford College. Initially, Griffiths isnot an outcast at college. But he soon earns a sinister reputation. In a common room in the college Griffith is convinced the fellowfemale student is mocking him. Instead of arguing withher, he becomes dangerous. MARK BILLINGHAM: Hethreatens a girl with a knife because a group of girlshave been laughing at him. So this poor girl has a knife to her throat. NARRATOR: The girl'sfather confronts Griffiths. MARK BILLINGHAM: Hethreatens him with a knife. He ends up going down for that. And that's when thingsreally start to escalate. NARRATOR: Griffiths isarrested for the second time. He's turning into a very dangerous man. In January, 1992, Griffiths is convicted for his aggressivebehavior and the possession of a dangerous weapon. He is sentenced to twoyears in Wakefield prison. Here, his fantasies become darker. CYRIL DIXON: He used to makekill lists in which he had mentioned the names of staff who he felt hadn't recognized his trueworth, or who in some sense had disrespected him. NARRATOR: Alongside writing kill lists, he develops a disturbing newinterest in serial killers. At the top of the list of his favorite killers is Bradford born, Peter Sutcliffe, the Yorkshire Ripper. Griffiths, obviously, from a very early age has this interest in serial killers that develops right from when he's at school. And that sort of blooms and turns into something extremely strange. CYRIL DIXON: It was at this time that he used that expression, that hewould outdo Peter Sutcliffe. He wanted to exceed theachievements in inverted commas of Peter Sutcliffe. He regarded Sutcliffe assomebody who hadn't really done things properly, but, he, Stephen Griffiths, was going to do much better. NARRATOR: The seeds of hisinterest in serial killers date back to Griffiths former school. Among the old boys was John George Haigh, the Acid Bath Murderer. Children that went to this school were shown the desk ofthis famous serial killer. The dark history of theschool was very much something they were all familiar with. NARRATOR: For Holmes, Griffith's is a killer determined to buildon the horrific achievements of his idols. So you can see elementsthat were in former killers. John Haigh, the Acid Bath Murderer, fitted the bill that hesaw as being particularly a notorious killer that he could emulate, or kind of beat in a verykind of upstaging way. NARRATOR: And it is this exhibitionist mentality that would reach horrificextremes later in his life. Particularly in his violent attack on Suzanne Blamires in 2010 that seemed to be performed for the CCTV cameras. After being released from jailin 1993 he returns to Bradford. He moves into a flat in thered light area of the city. He now has a persona toproject to the outside world. MARK BILLINGHAM: He's surroundedby DVDs, by books, by knives, and swords, and cultivates his image as if he's some kind of master criminal. He's wandering around inbizarre long leather coat. He wants to be recognized. He's hiding in very plainsight, he's going, look at me. And, of course, people are thinking, he's a weirdo. Without knowing quite how weird he is. NARRATOR: Despite his problems, Griffiths manages to maintain a numberof romantic relationships. He would manipulate and try and charm and pull people into his control. But once within his control, they began to see a different Griffiths. Because inside there in thecore was not a human being, this was some kind of robot who was acting out the part of a human being, whoseideas and fantasies and desires were not human. NARRATOR: One woman, whoprefers to remain anonymous, has a two year relationship with Griffiths. He did like to watch slasher horror films. And he used to laugh because I used to sit with cushions over meface, not wanting to watch it. And he used to pull the cushion down, he used to go, oh, watch it, it's funny. NARRATOR: Despite being mildly eccentric, he is the model boyfriend. He had his little quirks like putting cotton wool in his ears,because he didn't want spiders getting in there when he went to bed, didn't like his hair touching. I thought Stephen was attractive, but I won't say, well, likehot, I didn't go, oh, yeah, drop dead gorgeous and all this. But I did bring a photograph of him. It was his first day, whichI thought would have been weird, actually, looking back. He was just absolutely fine with me. Nothing out of the ordinary,until I saw his flat. NARRATOR: Later in their relationship she finally enters his flat. EX-GIRLFRIEND: Stephen said, a girl had been murdered in the next flat. And I said to him, oh,God, how can you live here? And he just shrugged his shoulders and he went, it's fine. And he went, now, sitdown on the [inaudible],, and I sat down, and it's just instinct to look around at what there is. And he had like this hugebookcase just full of books, but they weren't all nice book. They were all just likereally macabre, about horror, serial killers, and thenthere were samurai swords in the wall, and crossbow. And I was just like, what? And I just got a really horrible feeling. And I didn't even have my cupof tea, because I said to him, I said, oh, I feel really sick, do you mind if you just take me home? NARRATOR: Griffiths' flat is deeply alarming. When I came back fromStephen's flat I rang me cousin and I told her. And she's like, Oh my God,you need to bring the police. And I always feel really guilty about that, because I think if I'd rung the police and they could've like kept an eye on him. NARRATOR: When she ends the relationship, Griffiths doesn't react in a normal way. I rang him the nextmorning and I said, look, it's not working out. I don't think we should be together anymore. He was just like, yeah, fine,that's all right, OK, bye. And that was it. NARRATOR: Cathy Hancock, a later girlfriend, sees his darker side. They will only go out for a year, but he will make her life hell. He becomes increasingly jealous and violent. CATHY HANCOCK: Oh, he broke my nose, he stabbed me in numerous occasions, cut with a piece of glass. NARRATOR: And after a miscarriage, he presents her with a tiny coffin in memory of their lost baby. DAVID HOLMES: These were really scary things. And his obsessiveness that actually showed that there was somethingvery disturbed in there. His lack of ability to beflexible with other the human beings, and only can relateto them by controlling them, manipulating them. NARRATOR: Even after she leaves him in 2001, Griffiths persistently stalks her. An incredible seven years later, in 2008, with his goth period long behind him, he leaves terrifyingmessages on her mobile phone. STEPHEN GRIFFITHS: I'm trying to help ya. I'm not going to go away,so I guess, you'd better-- [maniacal laughter] [smack] NARRATOR: Eventually,Griffiths, struggles to maintain relationships with women. A highly intelligent man, hisobsession with serial killers blossoms into fullyfledged academic research. He begins a PhD on 19thcentury murder in Bradford. He lives alone in his flat in the red light district and the Thorntonroad area of the city. He begins paying for sexand befriending prostitutes. JOOLZ DENBY: A lot of thewomen said he was a nice guy, they liked him, they trusted him. And I think in those few brief moments he was almost like he wastrying to be a human being, because a lot of the time he was just pretending to be a human being. NARRATOR: Griffiths alsobegins indulging in drugs. Speed, amphetamines is a cheapdrug, it's crude, it's quick, and it's brutal. And it allows you to do things repeatedly. I once described it asbeing like gold on a rocket. NARRATOR: As his normalrelationships with women come to an end, he slides deeper into an addiction to online pornography. JOOLZ DENBY: He spent a lot of time in that world where women arethe brutalized sperm receptacle who was used and discarded. Who are kind of meek puppets who are raped and brutalized on film. And if you add into thatmix a lot of amphetamines, then it's a strange, darkworld with colossal velocity all aimed towards one thing, extremity. What is the most extremething that you can then do? NARRATOR: Griffiths gets toknow many of the Thornton road prostitutes. For some of them, this relationship will end in a horrific death. Bradford, a former industrial powerhouse of the north, economic declinehas had a devastating effect on the inner city. More and more women, many of them addicts, are forced to sell their bodies on the streets. Late July, 2009, a year beforeGriffiths is caught attacking Suzanne Blamires on CCTV, posters spring up around Bradford city. They appeal for informationover the whereabouts of 43-year-old mother of three, Susan Rushworth. CYRIL DIXON: Obviously, her family were very, very concerned. They reported herdisappearance to the police. And the police put out appeals through the local media. NARRATOR: She works the red light district in the city center. So Susan Rushworth goes missing, a drug addicted prostitute, but the police don't really take an awful lot of notice. JOOLZ DENBY: The women are treated as pariahs, they're regarded as scum. As a society, we dehumanize these women who need our protection more than anyone. If one of them goes missing, who cares? NARRATOR: Rushworth is never seen again. With no leads to speak of, thepolice are getting nowhere. It reveals the attitudeto those in the sex industry from certain areas of law enforcement. They are, in criminological terms, classic low hanging fruit. NARRATOR: Just under a year later, another sex worker, ShelleyArmitage, goes missing. The police are aware thatGriffiths is violent, particularly towards women,but he is not brought in for questioning about the disappearance of Rushworth and Armitage. In a could of, should of, would of world, maybe they should have gone and looked at him. But there wasn't any real reason for them to do that, because nobodypointed the finger at him and said, that guy, he hung around with her. That guy is really weird. I have been in his flat. He does nothing but sit therechewing his own lips off and watching hardcore pornography. Maybe they should have done, but they didn't. MARK BILLINGHAM: I think the police could certainly have done more. The fact that he knew all the victims. The fact that he had a record of violence. The fact that he had alreadybeen assessed by a psychiatrist as being a very dangerous individual. That's an oversight that the police are going to have to live with. NARRATOR: Griffiths is hiding in plain sight. After a year of the policenot noticing that Griffiths is a serial killer in the making, he is suddenly noticed in the most extreme manner possible in May, 2010. On his social networking site, he announces the arrival of hissadistic alter ego, Ven Pariah. CYRIL DIXON: This alter egoappeared to be what Griffiths wanted to be in real life. He was powerful, he wassuccessful, he was admired. But also, Ven Pariah exhibited the violent, sadistic, psychotic side of Griffiths. He was all about creating the narrative of his own killing spree,of being in charge of that. He goes on to his networking site and puts this speech, which ismelodramatic to the nth degree. He talks about himself as being hatred tightly wrapped in flesh. How poor Stephen tried to control him, but couldn't, and now he is finally emerging. NARRATOR: For criminalpsychologist, David Holmes, Griffiths has created the dark shadow of the [inaudible] superhero. DAVID HOLMES: If you could imagine the kind of kick-ass filmsituation where somebody kind of starts to kind of halfemulate a superhero and ends up actually being one. In this case, we've got akind of dark side of it. NARRATOR: His attack onSuzanne Blamires in front of the CCTV camera announces his arrival as Bradford's latest killer. Once he did get caughtand he knew the game was up, then he was just preparingfor his moments of glory. He was preparing for the moment of, here I am, and this is, theworld will know who I am. NARRATOR: Perhaps being caught on CCTV was always part of Griffiths' plan. CYRIL DIXON: My personal beliefis that he was happy for it to be caught on camera, because in his mind, he wanted to be a serial killer. And what he sought at theend of the day was fame, and what better way to achieve that fame than have a cold blooded murder caught on camera? NARRATOR: Within hours, armed officers call at Griffiths' flat. CYRIL DIXON: They steam upthe stairs along the corridor to flat 33, knock on the door, from inside they hear this plaintiff voicesaying, I'm Osama bin Laden. There's no resistance to such. He goes with them withoutso much as a crossed word. NARRATOR: The forensic analysisof his flat reveals blood spatters that he had attempted to clean up. There is enough material to provide a DNA match. Despite his situation,Griffiths is relaxed and chatty. Any chance of a drink of water? MARK BILLINGHAM: With somebody like Griffiths, once they're caught andthey have the power of life and death taken away from them, the power of being able to rob somebody of life, he has to find another way to exert power. And for him that becomes aboutadmitting to a whole bunch of killings that he then clams up about, and the police go, what do you mean six bodies? And he's kind of like, oh, did I say six? Blah blah blah blah blah. NARRATOR: Despite teasing the police, he admits to the murders of Blamires, Armitage, and Rushworth. DETECTIVE: Are you saying thatyou killed Susan Rushworth? Yes. DETECTIVE: And what was the other name? Shelley Armitage. DETECTIVE: Are you saying that you've murdered Shelley Armitage? Yes. DETECTIVE: And then last one. Suzanne Blamire. DETECTIVE: Are you sayingyou've murdered her? Yes. NARRATOR: The families ofthe three missing women are in shock. Rushworth's daughter canbarely cope with the news. [inaudible] I've been 10years old is always saying, why my mom? There's millions ofpeople, why is it my mom? I'm just tired of seeing the world. NARRATOR: After finding 81separate pieces of Suzanne Blamires body in the riverAire, only one fragment, a vertebrae is found of Shelley Armitage in the same body of water. Despite an intense search,nothing of Susan Rushworth can be found. After the discovery of thebody parts of Suzanne Blamires, Griffiths is interviewed by the police. DETECTIVE: So why did you feel the need to kill any of the girls? I don't know. NARRATOR: Finally, he can play the part of a famous serial killer for real. MARK BILLINGHAM: When yousee the footage of him, he's going through the lines he's rehearsed. Well, I'm misanthropic. I don't have much time for human race. MARK BILLINGHAM: You can seehim giving that performance that he's dreamed about,that he's fantasized about. This is what he's beenworking towards for years. DETECTIVE: In what sort oflocation did you pull them? And a weather robot a computerwill put them in a irrational, emotionless operation [inaudible].. NARRATOR: Griffiths, anexpert on serial killing, knows that he needs three murders to be classified as a serial killer and he reveals an ambition to shock. He wants to shadow [inaudible]that was too extreme for his hero, Peter Sutcliffe. MARK BILLINGHAM: There is noperversion that he's not going to claim responsibility for. NARRATOR: Stephen Griffiths gives little away to the police. But the true horror ofwhat they are dealing with is about to be revealed in the courtroom. Griffiths appears to be in control, but when questioned about his motives, he is more revealing about his mental state than he intends to be. Well, I'm misanthropic. I don't have much time for the human race. A robot, emotionless operation. NARRATOR: For Holmes, these few words reveal Griffiths' psychopathic nature. He actually did, honestly, reveal part of his real character. When he dismissively said, oh, I'm a robot, or why did you do this? Well, I'm misanthropic. I don't have much time for humanity. He basically didn't relate to humanity. It didn't affect him ifpeople suffered, because there was no humanity in his life. NARRATOR: Griffiths arrives at the trial. First, he has asked to give his name. The hush court isrevolted by his response. MARK BILLINGHAM: For me, oneof the most chilling moments is that first moment in court when he is asked to identify himself and he says, I am the Crossbow Cannibal. NARRATOR: Word has gone out that Griffiths claims to have eaten the flesh of his victims in police interviews. The tabloid papers questionedhim the Crossbow Cannibal. Griffiths is canny, he knows a serial killer needs a memorable name. MARK BILLINGHAM: For him,that's the big moment. That's the moment he has dreamed of. He's being able to stand up in public and say, this is who I am. That's what I want to be. Nobody else can be the Crossbow Cannibal. That's me. It's like opening his shirt andrevealing the S of Superman. This is who I am. NARRATOR: As the CCTV ofthe attack hits the news, one of his former girlfriendsrealizes how lucky she was. As I was watching it, I was physically sick. I went into shock for days. I was like, oh God, whathe did to them poor girls, nobody deserves that. Nobody. JOOLZ DENBY: I was horrified. How awful it must have been for that girl. I just wanted to cry. I hated him. I hated him. He's a loathsome reptile of a man. NARRATOR: Griffiths goes onto reveal in sordid detail the prolonged agony that the women suffered. [grunting] [punching] Mobile phone footage taken by Griffiths reveals the ordeal experiencedby his second victim, Shelley Armitage. MARK BILLINGHAM: The second victim he had already filmed on a mobile phone which shows poor Shelley Armitagekind of hog tied in the bath and stripped and spraypainted with my sex slave. I mean, you know, he was on a roll. And it kind of makes your blood run cold. NARRATOR: Forensic analysisof the flat corroborates Griffiths confession. Blood from all three womenis found in the bathroom. His claims to cannibalizesound sensational, but experts on the case believe that he did go to such gruesome extremes. CYRIL DIXON: Knowing what wedo about Stephen Griffiths, this is a man who setout to be a serial killer of the most grotesque kind. He used all those books abouthomicide and dismemberment to make himself into the worst serial killers that his warped imaginationcould come up with. So I do find it crediblethat he'd eaten his victims. MARK BILLINGHAM: Griffiths killed in a very unpleasant way. And again, it was as if he was trying to tick as many boxes as possible. I'm not just going to stabthem, I'm going to tie them up and torture them before I stab them, and I might throw a bit of [inaudible] in and, oh, I'll tell you what, then I'm going to tell thepolice that I've eaten them. Some of them I've cooked. Some of them I've eaten raw. You know, there is no, noperversion that he's not going to claim responsibility for. NARRATOR: CCTV at the flat andat the local railway station also revealed how Griffithsdisposed of the body parts. For Samantha Lundrigan, geographical profiler, his approach is, both, cool and calculating, while at the same time chaotic and confused. So on the one hand, we've got an offender who will go to great lengths to try and conceal forensic evidence of his victims. One of the victims has never been found, so he was clearly verysuccessful at doing that. On the other hand, we have this offender who's completely chaotic. Who is fully aware that theCCTV imagery of him and he's carrying out crime in front of that. And also, someone who decidesto get on public transport with a black bin liner full of body parts, and take the trip to actuallydispose of the bodies. NARRATOR: Despite his expertisein the field of murder, Lundrigan thinks Griffiths was simply too unstable to be successfulin his chosen path to infamy. So he was called a bit ofa Jekyll and Hyde character, and he had a diagnosed mental disorder. So he did veer from these two extremes. NARRATOR: For Holmes,Griffiths' slapdash approach is rooted in his mental illness. It seems odd that in certain circumstances he appears to be blatantlystupid in forensic terms. So he makes gross errors becausehe doesn't really understand humanity and how we relate andhow we see flaws in others, he just mechanically does it. And there's no room in his mechanizations for any humanity. NARRATOR: In his own twisted way, Griffiths, the psychopath,desperately wanted fame. But instead of achieving it by appearing on Pop Idol or X-Factor, hewould kill to gain infamy. Bradford local, Joolz Denby, sees Griffiths as the ultimate want-to-be. JOOLZ DENBY: I think Griffithswants to be a superstar. Fame seems to be, to peoplewho have not been famous, that it will make everythingthat you feel is wrong with you all right. But it's not quite as easy as that. CYRIL DIXON: I think Griffiths is obviously a serial killer produced by a world which is obsessed with fame. People want fame now. MARK BILLINGHAM: He's almost thefirst reality TV serial killer. If he could have killed peoplein the Big Brother house, he'd had done that, thatwould have been his dream. That would have been the ultimate for him. NARRATOR: Billingham believesa documentary like this would be part of the plan. MARK BILLINGHAM: One wonderswhether in the very filming of a program like this we are kind of-- you know, when this goes out, Griffiths is going to be sitting watchingthis in the room of some prison quietly ticking that boxgoing, I got my documentary. That would have been something that he'd have wanted way back then whenhe was wandering around town. NARRATOR: Griffiths pleads guilty. Despite an attempt to convince the authorities of his insanity, so thathe is transferred to a more comfortable mentalinstitution, he is incarcerated in a high security prison. Within five days of the trial, another atrocity hits the headlines inCumbria, Northern England, a man kills 12 people on a shooting spree. MARK BILLINGHAM: Griffithsis massive headline news all over the world untilthe next killer comes along. And suddenly he gets knockeddown that Google search list, and he's knocked off that front page. JOOLZ DENBY: And I do actuallyremember saying to my friend, I would be really annoyed. NARRATOR: Griffiths flicks thefirst of many suicide attempts. MARK BILLINGHAM: He has to find some other way to get attention, whichbecomes suicide attempts, which become self-harm. Vaguely pathetic, trying tohang himself with a sock. JOOLZ DENBY: I think he will feel very unhappy that he isn't, now, the great celebrity that he thought he would be. NARRATOR: He can't handle the fact that he is already being forgotten. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 