Killers: Behind the Myth: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Killers: Behind the Myth 
 s1e3 - Kroll: The Duisburg Cannibal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Killers: Behind the Myth (2013–2015): Season 1, Episode 3 - Kroll: The Duisburg Cannibal - full transcript 
 For over 20 years, sex killer Joachim Kroll had been strangling women across northern Germany. He claimed an internal force drove him, picking women walking alone in the countryside. Many were strangled with their own clothes. Then he molested them. As his killing spree increased, he started to target younger and younger victims. But even this didn't satisfy him. He killed and cooked a cat, which only drove his desire to taste human flesh. His demons overpowered him into killing, dissecting and then eating a neighbour's 4-year-old daughter. But when he was unable to dispose of the evidence, he was picked up by the police. He was charged with 12 murders but admitted to 30, making him Germany's most prolific killer in decades. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The most notorious killershide in plain sight free to kill and kill again. Most of the criminal masterminds of fiction. In their minds, theycommit the perfect murder. In reality, it's their foolishmistakes that get them caught. 1976, the outskirts ofDuisburg in northern Germany. For over 20 years, a serial killer has led a reign of terror. 11 women have been killed inthe surrounding countryside. Now, the murderer is targeting children, and he has developed a craving for human flesh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But this hunger would be theDuisburg cannibals downfall. In the peaceful residential neighborhood of La in the secluded communalgardens of some apartment blocks, a child is playing. Watching her from one of the top floor flats, he's a quiet and well-respectedresident, Joachim Kroll. Crime scientist, Kacper Gradon. The childrendidn't see him as a threat, because he didn't looktoo frightening or scary. But Kroll was not all he appeared. Bernd Jagers is a DetectiveChief Superintendent of the Duisburg police. Under false pretenses, he then enticed the girl tofollow him into his flat. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He performed sexual acts on the child. The child struggled, and then he choked her. When the littlegirl doesn't return home, her mother contacts the authorities. A police door-to-door investigation follows, but no one has seen the girlor witnessed her disappearance. In the meantime, a huge missing persons search had been started by the police. A resident in the apartment block tells the police thatJoachim Kroll had a blocked waste pipe earlier that day. He told the neighborsthat he had disembowed a hare or a rabbit, and he would take care of it and remove those things from the blocked drain. He put the remains in the apartment bins. When the police spoke to Joachim Kroll, they decided to investigate further. But mycolleagues were quite clever and didn't ignore the clue. They said, let's seewhich rubbish bin he used. And when they looked in the bin, they realized that these innardsweren't animal, but human. They then went to JoachimKroll flat and rang the bell. He let them in straight away. My first impression of crawlwas what a small person. He was completely mousy,nondescript, was very quiet. He hardly talked about himself at all, and when you spoke to him, it often took him quite a long time to respond. The police questionedhim about the missing child, and to their surprise,he tells them everything. They asked whether he was connected to the child's disappearance. He immediately said, yes and took my colleagues to the freezer, openedit so that they could see the contents, a completely dismembered girl. Joachim Kroll hadmurdered the little girl, cut up her body, and storedparts in his freezer. By chance, police havediscovered Joachim Kroll, a serial killer who hasmanaged to avoid detection for the past 20 years. So So when this final murder happened, Kroll has already been a veryexperienced serial killer. He's been doing it for over 20 years. He knew how to do it without being caught, and then at the last momenthe made a silly mistake. The police takeKroll in for questioning. The nation's media descendon the police station. After the caseof the four-year-old girl had come to light, there was a huge press presence at the police station. So we held a press conference. Shortly after his arrest, he is charged with themurder of the little girl. When he was shownto the presiding magistrate, he suspected that thiswasn't Kroll's first crime. He said, there must be more to it than this. The magistratebelieves the child's body has been skilfully cut up, and that it's the work of an experienced killer. You wouldn't do something like this the first timearound and not in the heat of the moment either. There are almost 1,200unsolved murders across Germany over the previous 10 years. Police suspect that Krollmay have been involved in some of these crimes. Klaus Johann reported on many of these incidents as editor of the West GermanGeneral Newspaper in Duisburg. The policelooked into missing persons from around Germany in casethere were any unsolved cases that his arrest might clear up. But proving this would be difficult as forensic technology was not as advanced as it is today. Unlike today, weonly had blood examinations. We didn't have DNA. Today, there are computer programs that can compare cases for us. At the time, policedidn't have enough equipment, and they didn't have the propermethodology to link cases. So the police hadto rely on findings, which were derived from the crime scene, inother words, rely on witnesses. We intended to charge him with as many unsolvedmurder cases as possible. While the policecharge Kroll for one murder, persuading him to confess to more murders would be a challenge. It was hard to talkto him about anything at all. You had the impression youwere talking to a brick wall. Sometimes he didn't reactat all to any questions that had been posed. He appeared to be very gloomy. And of course, he didn't tell us why, because it wasn't in his nature to talk much, but to remain silent instead. Prying out thatinformation was to become key in discovering the full depth and horror of the most prominentserial killer in decades. Joachim Kroll has just been charged with murdering a four-year-oldgirl in northern Germany. Police had discovered her dismembered body in his freezer. A media feeding frenzy started. They are desperate for information, but the police are strugglingto clarify just what crimes Kroll has committed. We noticed thatKroll had mixed up facts and that he couldn'tremember where he'd been. That's when we had the ideato form a three part division. That meant we separated into a pre-check team, an interrogation team, and a post check team. They pick apart theinformation Kroll gives them to see if they could clear up any of Germany's unsolved murders. In doing so they delveinto Joachim Kroll's past. Joachim Kroll was born on the 17th of April 1933 in Hendenburg,northern Germany. He's one of nine children who all shared a small two bedroom flatwith their mother and father. They lived invery poor circumstances. The entire family was on the breadline. Due to the number of children, his mother didn't have much time tolook after Joachim Kroll. Growing up, Joachim Kroll didn't have much love and affection. His domineering fatherwould frequently belittle his son by calling him a loser. His siblings always blamed him for all their tricks, sothat he received the beatings. That also led to himwithdrawing from his siblings and turned him into the outsider of the family. Life for Kroll atschool was just as tough. Joachim himselfhad a bad time in class. He had problems with numeracy and literacy and was sent to a special needs school. He would havebeen picked up for physical features/ he would have been told, because of his lowerintelligence and probably used in various pranks and jokes. When Kroll was 10, he was drafted into the Hitler Youth. The group's leaders carriedon where his father left off calling him cutless and a wimp. He would nothave a very high self-esteem, but he would be developinga certain resilience, a certain hardness to the rest of humanity. After the war, like many Germans, the Kroll family spent life on the road whilst his father searched for work. In 1949, they settled brieflyin Alsdorf, West Germany where Kroll is employed as a farm hand. But Kroll's nomadic existenceand lack of emotional support leads to behavioral problems. By the time hearrived in the farmyard scene, he had virtually no respectfor others whatsoever and saw absolutely no problem incheating and rebelling and not having any kind of respect forthose that were supporting him. On one occasion, he tries to make friends with amilkmaid, but is rejected. His rather impulsive advances to an adult female, and those being repelled were, kind of, yet another final blow pushing him back and causingeven greater frustration. But there is one place on the farm that Kroll seems to findsolace, the slaughter house. In those days, killing animals wasn't as humane as it is today. The pain and distress would have been obvious. He was on a farm and realized a pig was being slaughtered. And then he experienced a strange feeling. His stomach started tingling. It didn't stop. It just increased. His heart was racing. He had problems breathing,and he had to go outside. When Kroll actually experienced the slaughterhouse, he also experienced some rather sexual feelings. He then obviously was going tobe associating his sexuality, his sexual response, and probably his sexual release in theface of animals suffering, death, being mutilated. It was a response that didn'treally lead to sexual contact with a female. It was obviously leading elsewhere. When you analyzethe cases of serial killers, one thing is very apparent. Several serial killersclaimed during interrogation that before killing that they had some kind of special funny feeling or thought in their mind that would make them want to do it again. Kroll'sunexplained funny feeling was to become the drivingforce behind his murders. In 1955, age 22, he meetsa waitress at a local bar and invites her to the cinema. They seem to hit it off. Kroll is too nervous tosexually proposition her, so she takes control. They go back to his flat. But Kroll's inexperience withthe opposite sex lets him down. He actuallymade contact with the lady, but really didn't know how to respond properly, and then actually failed himselfwith premature ejaculation. And I think that not only further devastated his idea that he could actually achieve normal sexuality. Kroll said himselfthat led to girls teasing him. They ridiculed him, becauseof his premature ejaculation. It marked the beginning of a change in Kroll's sex life. Kroll not having the confidence to achieve any kind of sexual interactionwith normal females or females of his own age,and he turned to animals. He was there whenthe bulls inseminated the cows. That caused him to think,hey, I can do that too, and then he used cows topleasure himself sexually. This is what we call a paraphilia being developedby actually finding sexual relief with animals. Later on that year,Kroll loses the one woman he is close to, his mother. In the case of Kroll it was particularly devastating. Because for him, hismother was the only person that gave him any kind of sense of self-esteem and was not hypercritical of him. He was then left almost entirelyat the mercy of his father who was not particularly supportive at all. He lost the only person he claimed who would love himand who would take care of him. He probably thinks that hislife is pointless at this stage and probably this was themoment when he crossed that line and started to do things thatmade him a serial killer. But for now policeknow little of this past. They are trying to understandhow the body of a small child ended up in Kroll's freezer. He was a very withdrawn person, hardly gave any answers while we were trying to get close to him. Police's initial bombardment ofKroll was typical of the time. You try to intimidate the guy, you try to get a force of confession, and this did not work with Kroll. He did not respond to this. He quite simply shut up and behaved as he would as a small child being intimidated and not say anything. The police change their approach and slowly crawl opens up to the interrogators. But rather than astraightforward confession, he tells them of his funny feelings. He wanted totell me about these murders, because he thought in doing sothe funny feeling would stop. Kroll believed the funny feelings drove him to kill. The police listened as he slowly explains his first attack which happened just three weeks after his mother died. It's 1955, 21 years before Kroll's arrest. Kroll spots 19-year-old student in Gustrow walking along a country road. He might have asked her if she wanted to have sex with him. Of course, she would have declined. But when she wanted to move on. He forced her into the bushes. He attacked his helpless victim in a secluded wooded area,strangled her with her own bra. As soon as the teenager is dead, Kroll draws a knife on her body. He cuts openher body with a knife, and then carried outmany perverse sexual acts on her dead body. Kroll abuses the dead body. And then he tried to penetrate her with his penis. That, once again, led to premature ejaculation. The injuries heinflicted were so brutal, police believe the murderwas an act of sadism. Then probably treated this individual like an animal. He probably was inspired bythe sexual feelings he had of the killing and the slashingof animals in a slaughterhouse, and he enacted parts of this. Here you clearly have the rootsof what kind of a paraphilia this was, and it's highlyrelated to sexual sadism. This person only really gets fully aroused and finds relief in the actual face of sadistic, brutalactivity, which arouses him. But even the shocking treatment of the victim is not enough for Kroll. Finally, hedefecates at the crime scene. It seems that for the killer, this grotesque act wasthe ultimate manifestation of the contempt and hatredhe felt towards his victim. It was two days before Irmgard Strehl's body was discovered. The police were horrifiedwith what they saw. A post-mortem revealed that the 18-year-old was in the early stages of pregnancy. It's highly likely that even Kroll's first murder was already planned probably way in advance. The choice of secluded and wooded sites proves that the murder was well-organized. There is littleevidence available to police that the crime scene. After two days in the woods, semen and blood are too contaminated toobtain a blood match from. 68 convicted sexoffenders are questioned. It leaves police with 32 suspects, but Kroll isn't on the list. It seems like investigating that first murder, the police in Germany did everything according to the rules. They collected all the evidence there was, but they couldn't connect it all together, and they couldn't find the perpetrator. They couldn't find Kroll. It meant Kroll was free to kill again. Following hisfailures with adult females, Kroll have finally found a sexual, release something that gave himprowess where he actually felt confident afterwards, and that confidence was going to lead him on intoa much longer career ahead. Joachim Kroll'skilling spree has only just begun, and the treatment of his victims would take a sickening twist. Police are interrogating43-year-old, Joachim Kroll, after discovering the bodyparts of a four-year-old girl in his freezer. They are trying to get himto confess to other murders he may have committed. But Kroll's not playing ball. He barely says a word. Police can't be sure heunderstands their questions. The police realized maybe another approach would be what are you doing with the child? You engaged them innocentlyand adjacently in conversation, and it happened to move the conversation to what is relevant. A few of usplayed a puzzle game with him. There's a game with matches, and then you say, right everyone, howmany matches do we have here? So we could see if he could add up or he couldn't. That was important lateron when we asked how many people he had really killed. Kroll begins to open up, but his confessions don't makes sense. It was a mishmashof different crimes, which didn't obviously fit together. And Kroll then told us if I'm taken out, if I'm taken somewhere, I cantell you if I've been there, and if I've been there, I'llshow you what I've done there. To get to the bottomof his confused confessions, the police agree. They hope getting Kroll toact out his brutal attacks will reveal more thansimply talking about them. By now the media has becomeso engrossed with the case, they are desperate to see the re-enactments too. The tabloidscould exert a lot of pressure on the police. The police decided, OK, we'll invite the press to attend this once, and I'm sure that this was a sweetener to them. When Krollreenacts his second attack on 24-year-old Klara Tesmer in June 1959, it is attended by the national media. This murder took placefour years after his attack on Irmgard Strehl. Kroll shows a young Bernd Jagers seen here on the right the murder scene. Using a policewoman as his stand in victim, Kroll walks through theattack while the cameras roll. He shows how he knocked outhis victim and strangled her. Only one month after killing Klara Tesmer, Kroll strangles 16-year-old Manuela Knodt in a wooded area just20 kilometers from his house. But the body liesundiscovered for two weeks. Police eventually find a rotting corpse. Meanwhile, Kroll is on thehunt for another outlet for his fantasies. The escalationof Kroll's killings possibly may have led himto realize that he couldn't particularly kill somebodyevery couple of weeks just to satisfy himself, and he diverted and he considered using blow up dolls. He dresses the doll with some of the clothing he stole from his victims, but the doll fails to satisfy him. His funny feeling returnsdriving him to kill again, but now his choice of victim has changed. Krollprogressed in the direction of his serial killing careeralong the same lines of looking for younger and younger victims who are less challenging and possibly moregratifying for him, that he could engage more easily. Kroll's fourthvictim was just 13 years old. The girl wastaking a shortcut along a road through a forest, andJoachim Kroll was close by. The police get Kroll to reenact the crime with a police woman. As Kroll continues to act out his attacks, the confessions keep coming. The next attack was just onemonth later in the forests around his town in a notoriousarea known as the black path. This time his victim is evenyounger, only 11 years old. For Kroll, I think he associated the simplicity of children with the innocence and simplicity of animals. And as that was one of hisearly pubescent experiences, I think the progress towards children as part of his paraphilicresponse was inevitable. There was widespread panic amongst the local residents. The public fear wasconsiderable, because the two victims were both children. The number ofmissing children being reported was rocketing. Anxious parents were contacting the police even if their children weresimply late home from school. It took a long timefor the police to investigate the deaths properly, and thismade the public and not just the families, but theirneighbors and all the people who lived in the areascared because the police hadn't;t solved the murders. But with no leads, Kroll's killings were simply added to thelist of unsolved murders. The police interrogatorsfind Kroll craves friendship. By playing games and chatting, they continue to gain his confidence. This was the decisive moment, because Kroll wasn't used to someone paying attention to him, prepared to talk to him about his personal life. You see who your suspect is. You analyze theirpersonality to some extent, and then you decide on whichinterrogation tactic to use. In this case, it worked perfectly. And suddenlyhe realized that someone understood him, that he wasable to talk about his problems and about how to resolve them. I had the impression thathe had gained something. Kroll confessesto even more murders and the list begins to rack up. But not all Kroll's attacks were successful. In 1967, he attacked a 10-year-old. Kroll strangled her, and she passed out. Assuming she was dead, he left her. Eventually, the girl regained consciousness and managed to escape. She was probablyable to recognize him, but the case wasn't reported to the police, and her parents held on to thatinformation for over nine years until Kroll was finally arrested. Kroll not only confesses to police about hisattacks, he reveals details of his personal life too. In 1970, he lines the best job he's ever had, a caretaker in charge of sometoilets at the local steel works. He had acertain amount of autonomy. This potentially could have allowed Kroll to develop a little bit, have hisesteem develop a little bit in a normal direction. But this is Kroll, and that didn't happen. In Kroll's life, temptationis never far away. Kroll's only friend, an ex flatmate starts a family with his partner. When Kroll's ex flatmate turns out to have a child with his wife,Kroll looks upon that child clearly with different eyes. Unaware of Kroll'shorrific past, the couple ask him to babysit for them. Kroll has a choice, look afterthe child or satisfy his urges. Due to the friendship, there'd been a certain level of trust between the married couple and Kroll without them knowing that hewas a wolf in sheep's clothing. Luckily, the child is unharmed. During his time as a caretaker, he makes another friend, a stray cat. Animals can be a great sustainer of contract and reassurance forelderly individuals and others who suffer. But this friendshipgives way to a new horror. He stroked the catand became sexually aroused, and then the fantasy came into play. You've always wanted to knowwhat someone or something looks like from the inside. This combined with the funny feeling escalated his sexual arousal. Despite the friendship, he kills the cat. Kroll discovers animals are slaughtered for a purposeand makes the association. And after killing the cat, he actually decides to try and eat it. He then put partof the cat into a saucepan and cooked it. He tasted it, but he didn'tenjoy it and gave up on it. In his 21 year killing spree, Kroll has murdered at least 12 people. The police had no idea thatthey were linked to him. Then in 1973, Kroll developsproblems with the blood vessels in his legs. The surgery that follows would lead him to make a careless mistakebringing police to his door. He can't movearound as quickly and as efficiently as he used to. With less mobility,he looks closer to home for his victims, on his own doorstep. Kroll's last victim was a four-year-old girl fromthe immediate neighborhood. Kroll is very careful to maintain a good relationship with his neighbors, including the children. Added to that tingling feeling was his fantasy that one dayhe wanted to murder a child and see what it looked like from the inside. One day when hespots a child playing alone, he is unable to resist. Kroll's mindprobably wandered back to the cats in his earlyslaughter house experiences and drawing on those, it mayhave crossed his mind that he may wish, desire, andpossibly plan for the idea of eating this child. He hadtried it on a cat before, but he hadn't liked the taste. But now, he was finallyable to realize his fantasy. Kroll is about to commit the most unthinkable crime. Joachim Kroll has enticeda four-year-old girl into his flat. He strangles the girl, andthen prepares to eat her. He dismembers the body. He keeps part of her flesh to eat and flushes the rest down the toilet. Later on in the evening, a neighbor approached him,because his toilet was blocked. Kroll then told the neighbor that he'd slaughtered a hair or a rabbitand had thrown the innards into the toilet, butthat he would remove them immediately, which he then did. He opened up the pipe,took out all the innards, and put them into the rubbish bin. The child's motherreports her missing daughter to the authorities, but inorder for the police to act, a child has to be absent for 24 hours. It isn't until the next morningthat the investigation begins. If a four-year-old child remains missing overnight,you have to expect the worst. When police arrive, they routinely question the residents. And bycoincidence, the neighbor mentioned the incident with the blocked pipe, which really had no connection with the missing child. It's a lead that endsup at Joachim Kroll's door. He promptly tells the police what he has done. After disembowelingthe girl, like a butcher, he cuts off the calves, the thigh, the upper arm, the forearm, thefeet, the hands, and the head. He took the hands and the feetand put them in a saucepan. He definitely wanted to trya taste of the feet and eyes to see what a human would taste like. My colleagues foundevidence of his bite marks on the child's limbs. He wanted toknow how human flesh tasted. It was quite gruesome, and this was initially withheld from the press. He then admittedthat he had tried it, but as it hadn't been cooked yet, he didn't get the opportunityto eat human flesh. He found that hewas trapped between his primary instincts, this paraphilicneed to conquer a small child, to kill, to eat even, and the reality before him where he said you cannot possibly do this on your doorstep. Eventually in Kroll'smind, one was going to win. And for Kroll, it was his primary instincts. After his arrest, the story becomes a press sensation. The press gave himthe name the Duisburg cannibal. The tabloid newspapers naturallysold this tale of cannibalism in a very sensational way. The media are desperate to know just how many people he has killed. I've killed more people, he said. He spoke of 20 to 30, whichwas confirmed by his solicitor. It wouldn'tsurprise me to know that Kroll is responsible for more killingsthan the official record shows. Unfortunately, we were only able to link 12 cases to him. But there was a danger might escape justice for these 12 murders. After 150 days of trial, the court had to decide if hewas mentally capable of making his own decisions. If he wasn't, he would be found not guilty. Experts assess Kroll's mental state. No, he was not criminally liable, because he was unable tocontrol his actions owing to his psychological state. Kroll might evade a jail sentence. Had the judgefollowed this recommendation, he would have been acquitted. But in my opinion, the strongmedia pressure partly swayed the judges final verdict. The judge foundKroll criminally liable meaning he could be found guilty. The courts in Duisburg found Kroll guilty of eight murders and one attempted murder and sentenced him to life imprisonment. I believehe didn't feel any guilt. He knew what he was doing,but he felt he had to do it. He believed he was going to be taken to hospital and receive correctivesurgery to fix his problem, and then he would be allowed home with the surgery being the only punishment. But there was a twist. Rather than serve these sentences concurrently, as was the norm in Germany,the law was changed, so Kroll can serve them consecutively. It means Kroll will spendthe rest of his life in jail. Yet it was only because hehunted for his final victim closer to home that he was caught. In this case,Kroll had been careless, because he took a child from the neighborhood, which he'd never done before. The perpetratorchanged his modus operandi. Probably his biggest mistake was killing the last victim in his house,not in some secluded area. And the reason behind that,most probably, in my opinion, was his sheer thoughtlessness. He didn't realizehow easily this was going to trap him with evidence. Joachim Kroll served life in prison. In 1991, age 58, he died of a heart attack. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 