Awkward.: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Awkward. 
 s1e11 - I Am Jenna Hamilton - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Awkward. (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 11 - I Am Jenna Hamilton - full transcript 
 Jenna is now officially with Matty and expects him to ask her to the Winter Formal. However, Matty only hints at it and Jake asks her properly. What is she to do? At the same time, Lissa decides to make Jake jealous to win him back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - You could disappear and no one would notice. - Jenna, I like you. I'm just not sure I'm ready to be in a relationship. - I saw a girl get out of Matty's truck. I mean, I think he's hooking up with someone else. - The reason that I keep bringing up our kiss is because I like-like you. I don't wanna be friends. I want to be more. - Over the course of my life there were few things I'd learned to assume. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If I was trying to look sexy, something would inevitably be stuck in my teeth. Dairy was not my friend. And if given the opportunity, my mom would embarrass me. - Do you think this push-up bra is doing its job? - Yes, but just give it the day off. - Okay. What is the single most important thing we've learned from French women? - Don't let your mom near your face? - Always play up your best feature. And since you refuse to show off your belly, we'll have to go with your lips. Rub it together. - Nice lips. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - One thing I didn't have to assume anymore, my status with Matty. We were clearly together, and he was not a vegetarian. - Stop it! - [Whispering] You think he's gonna ask you to formal? - Mom, shush! - Jeez Louise, this is a barbecue. Who put out the formal napkins? - Mmm, so good. - So what color of dress are you wearing to the dance? - Peach. - Black. - Peach. - Son, I know you're a good kid, and even though Jenna is still my little girl, I want her to have fun. - Thankfully, my dad always had my back. - Now, I'm not pushing anything, but if you guys decide to take things to the next level, make sure you wrap up the sausage. - [Choking] - Mm. - [Coughing] - Assumption was the mother of all screw-ups. [Letters typing] [Gunshot] - What's up with the lip statement? - Oh, just trying something new. I was no longer "that girl," I was "Matty's girl," and as such, I had to look the part. - It's totally bomb-ass. We're not just used to being able to see your lips from across the quad. - Rayna, I vant to go to formal vith you. - My parents suck. When I tried to tell them that formals were American tradition, they're all like, "we're Chinese," and I'm like, Chinese people love to party. They didn't become a billion strong by hanging out in the library. - A week ago, I'd have been uberklempt to go with Ricky Schwartz, but now I'm like LA-di-freakin'-da. I'm so over that jackrod. - I can't believe I'm the only one going. - Matty asked you? When? Where? - We want the full play-by-play. - Well, it wasn't an official invite, but he asked what color dress I was wearing, so it's basically the same thing. It wasn't, but in the 168 hours since I became Matty's girl, I had grown used to his no-nonsense style. - Someone's getting an invite! - It's for you, t. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! [Gasps] - What do you say, gorgeous? - I've got nothing else to do. - Even though I was going with Matty, I had to admit, I would've been down with a cheestastic invite. - Will you go to formal with me, Erin? - Yes! [Squealing] Yes! - That's lame. [School bell rings] - You realize that'll probably go bad by lunch, right? - I'm willing to risk it. Oh, I forgot to ask you something. Are you a limo girl? - So, it wasn't the big ask, but I was definitely a limo girl. I'm cool with whatever. - So it's cool if we just take my truck? - Yeah. - [Groans] That flap-hole! - There's Marcus. G-BYe! - As your friend, it's my job to tell you, your plan is retarded. - You always say that about my plans. But this one is genie in a bottle. If Jake sees me with Marcus, he'll get so jealz, he'll ask me to formal, and then--fingers crossed-- punch Marcus in the face. I've always wanted two guys to fight over me. L.E.! - [Balloon explodes] - No, Melanie will not go to formal with you. Wake up and smell the body spray. Clark...Is...Gay. You're welcome. [Balloons explode] - Oh, it's gonna wreck my grade in class. - Yeah, the test was brutal, um, I'll see ya. - Run your fingers through my hair and tell me that I'm pretty. - You're-- you're pretty. - Hey Jenna, I got something for you. It's the new single from Watson 66. - Let's dance? Please tell me it's not a bad cover of bowie. - Keep reading. - I, uh, already have a date. - Oh. Okay, yeah. He's a lucky guy. I gotta go. [Laughs sheepishly] [Coach whistles] - Screw formal. - What? - I got the heisman from Jenna. I thought she was into me. - Jenna Hamilton? - Do you know who she's going with? - N--no. Sorry man. - Did you ask anyone yet? - Not exactly. - Well then, blow it off. Let's get drunk. - I don't know, man. - All right, dude, fine, leave me all alone on a Saturday night, wallowing in a pool of my own blood and vomit. [Laughing] That's real cool. - No, I do believe you're happy. You look happy, unless you're high. Have you been rocking the gange, j? - No, it's just that for once, my life is pretty good, and... - And you wanted to thank me. - And I have a boyfriend. - [Gasps] We are soul sisters. I have a boyfriend too! - Who is he? - No one you know. I mean, he doesn't work at this school or anything. That would be grounds for dismissal. No. He's a... Farmer. He's a farmer. Farmer Bob...Mcdonald. - Okay, I was just asking. - Look at how much progress we've made in just a few short months. See, here is when you got this nasty letter, and this is when you wore the camel toe pants. Those were your dark ages. Isn't it funny how it almost seems as though your incident was an accident? - It was an accident. - Oh, okay, exactly. Anyhoo, now that you're in your renaissance, I thought that you could choose your own happy sticker. - I can see you're busy, val. I won't come back later. - No, you stay. - Her? - Me? - You. - I'll go. - So glad you have a boyfriend, j, way to be normal! - You have two minutes. - I have received several complaints about you today. Now, I know that this is falling on deaf ears, but you cannot ruin formal for your fellow students, and more importantly, you cannot out people. - Please. When Clark Stevenson busted out that pink pleather backpack, he outed himself. Melanie should be thanking me. Of all people, you should understand how painful it is to be someone's beard. - It is. [Sighs] - Think if you would've had someone like me helping you, you might have been spared all that heartache and humiliation. [Phone rings] - Well, hello, Mr. mishra. You are correct, I am in session. [Giggles] Stop! Mm. No, you stop. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I will. Yes, I will. [Giggles] Okay, I'm gonna hang up now. [Laughs] Official school business. - Ms. marks, while you were on the phone, I've had time to reflect on the error of my ways. I don't know where I'd be without your guidance. Thank you. - Can you believe how awesome town Ricky's "ask" was? He put so much thought into it. Sorry, am I bragging too much, considering, you know, Matty didn't go all out? - Brag away. All I care about is that Matty and I are going together. The rest of that stuff is just fluff. - Congrats, princess Jenna. I heard you're on the ballot for winter formal. Holla. [Kisses] - This is a major, may-jor! - Where are you going? - To tell ming. - Mom, I was just nominated for sophomore winter formal princess. - Ahh. - Okay, listen, I'm gonna need to go get a really great dress. You think we can do that after school? - [Screams] - I'm taking that as a yes. - [Laughs] - That's a yes. - I'm getting a head start and surprising her with options. Oh, I'm so sorry, lupita, you're gonna have to do all the cleaning today. Okay, BYe! - I always do all the cleaning. - It was the first time I didn't mind people staring because it was for the right reasons. They admired me. - I see they printed up new ballots. - Apparently, there were some last minute changes. Let me guess, you're voting for yourself. Well, at least you'll get one vote. - "As you are now, you could disappear and no one would notice." So not true. I couldn't disappear. How did somebody get my letter? - I had assumed my rep as a suicide case was all but dead. - Number two, your instincts suck. Second guess them. - Number four, when you're pretty, you're happy, and clearly, you're not happy. [Chuckles] - Number six. Nobody likes the pitiful. Stop being such a drag. - But my stigma was alive... And kicking me in the ass. [Laughter] - * love comes and goes and everything flows * * till you feel so lonely * you still feel so broken * it's a chemical reaction - make out with me! [Tries to speak] Mm-mm. - No way. - [Laughs] - [Sighs] - Dude. - [Laughs] - You okay? - Sure you wanna be seen with biggest loser in school? - The person who wrote the letter is a loser, not you. - I thought I had already been through the worst day of my life, turns out that was just a warm-up. - Think you're having a bad day? I put myself out there, asked a girl to formal. She said no. - Well, forget about her, 'cause she's a bitch. - A raging bitch. The guy she's going with has man boobs. [Both laugh] - Who are you going with? - It was weird. Matty still hadn't told Jake about us. - I'm not even sure I want to go anymore. [Sighs] - But then, who's gonna wear the crown when you win sophomore princess. - Like that's gonna happen. - [Scoffs] I voted for you. Well, I mean, I wouldn't have, but I did it before you turn me down. - [Sniffs] - What are you gonna do about the letter? - Nothing. The damage has already been done. - Hey. So listen, I've been thinking, what if we blow off the dance and just do something else instead. Dances are pretty lame, right? Is that okay? - Sure. - Great. All right, I'll meet you at my truck after school. - [Sighs] How could I be Matty's girl when I was still his secret? Because I was "that girl," who never stood a chance of going to the formal. - Just look at the label. Someone was spreading the rumor at lunch but I didn't believe it. Until now. - You were the back-up invite? - No, I was not just the back-up, I was sloppy fourths. - I'm sorry, t. - Are you still gonna go? - Over his dead body. - Well, if it makes me feel any better, I'm not going either. - Why not? - Have you seen the ballots? - Oh, I am so sorry. I was so caught up in this Ricky's scandal, I forgot to vote for you. - Holy [Bleep]! - What kind of monster would do something so resident evil? - Sadie! - I'm talking to my friends. - I know you did this and your ass is grass. - What's the matter, val? Did you drink some bad soy milk this morning? - Stealing someone's personal file is not only morally corrupt, it's punishable by expulsion, and I don't get a hot damn if you dad built the planetarium. This time, there will be consequences. - You're not gonna expel me, are you? - Maybe, maybe not. But as far as winter formal's concerned, you won't be going. - But I--I already have-- - [Shushes] Grab that file and follow me back to my office. Good. Just--wanted to be sure you were following me. - Welcome to karma-geddon, bitch. - [Gasps] Ricky Schwartz sighting. - What are you gonna do? - Tell him to go [Bleep] himself. I will never be anyone's number four. I deserve better. I would rather stay home Saturday night giving my cat a manicure than go to dance with that fidiot. - Hey! - Hi. - Tamara did deserve better, and she wasn't the only one. - It's all over. I told him to take care. There is no recovery from that. I gotta walk it off. - * I keep looking for the cure * * * to help from feeling so obscure * - [knocks on window] * I've already lost the war - I don't need a ride. - Is your mom picking you up? - No. I would just rather walk home than go with you. - Why? - Because... I really wanna go to the damn formal, and I want a limo and I want you to dress up in a gorilla suit or surprise me with balloons or jump out of a coffin, I don't know. Okay, maybe not the coffin, but I want "the big ask," and I don't care if you think it's lame, it is lame. - Hey, I wanna take you, your invites in here. Look--I was gonna ask you at lunch, but then Jake, he-- - why haven't you told him? - I tried to but he-- - but what? Nothing. You're a pussy. Take care. - * what's the point of yesterday? * - [door closes] - Don't think. Just go with your first instinct. Which dress jumps out at you the most? - None. - But you have no idea how great they look on. - On who? - Me. [Laughs] But I was the only one available to try them on. - Of course. Because you couldn't wait to see what I wanted. There's only one person in this room who looks good in peach, and who might that be? - Look at this dress. It will look really pretty on you. We just have to stuff the bust a little. - I'm not going to formal. I don't have a date, and my nomination was a joke. - Put up a fight, rosati. I've blown up your guy 16 times. - 'Cause I got the crappy controller. - Dude, can you at least try not to suck so much? - Yeah, I do suck. Probably why Jenna rejected me. - Are you still talking about her? You've been bitching about it all day. Jenna doesn't like you, okay? Get over it already. - What the hell is your problem? - You can't play for [Bleep]. - Then why am I even here? - To be a pain in my ass. - When you stop p.M.S.-Ing, don't bother calling me. - Yeah, I won't. - I had taken great care to be the daughter my mom always wanted and the girl Matty wanted to be with, but along the way, I lost sight of myself. It was time to take care of me. And I wasn't going to sit around and cry about it. Okay, maybe a little. [Both sob] - Do you have any t.P.? - Use a seat cover. - Ever been so into a guy you thought was into you, only to find out he's into someone else? [Crying] Actually, three someone elses? - [Sobbing] Wait, are you that girl with red frizzy hair who always wears overalls? - That's Leslie gainer! - Good. 'Cause she is seriously nasty. - I know. She smells like... Both: A litter box! [Laughter and sobbing] - [Sighs] - [Sniffles] - Can I give you a hug? - I'm not really a hugger. - It's okay. I'll do all the work. - All right. - [Sobs] - Freak. - Bitch. Ow. - [Clears throat] - Oh, Jake, this is Marcus. We're going to formal together. - Yeah. I know Marcus. What's up man? - Hey, what's up? - Why are you hugging? - Because we're bros. - No hugging. Ugh! - What' wrong with hugs? - Are you okay, t? - Were you crying? - No. I was ugly-crying but I got it out of my system. [Eliza Doolittle's nobody] - * what's wrong with being a nobody? * * that nobody knows and has nobodies * - be right back. * and I should know, 'cause I'm one of these * * happy to blend and I really am honestly * - I've been looking for you. We should go to the dance together. That is if you still wanna go. - What happened to your date? - Didn't work out. - It just happens you have a little competition. - Really? - Yeah. With my mom. [Laughs] We're gonna catch a movie, a little mother/son action, uh, but I think I can blow her off. I have been seeing a lot of her lately, and I think it's time for us to take a break. - Okay, gross. - I'm in. I just need to know one thing. What color is your dress? - Not peach. - I was leaving my renaissance and heading into my golden age 'cause I wasn't "that girl" anymore, and I wasn't "Matty's girl" either. - I was Jenna Hamilton. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 