Kakegurui: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kakegurui 
 s2e5 - The Connected Woman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kakegurui (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Connected Woman - full transcript 
 A week after the start of the Student Council presidential election, Kirari is in first place and is Yumeko in 10th place with far less votes. Yumemi asks Yumeko to perform with her as the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Student Council Presidential Election News Flash! Okay! The Presidential Election has been running for a week. PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION I'm here to help make proceedings more exciting by keeping you all up to date... TOP 10 VOTE HOLDERS ...with which candidates have the most votes. One rising star already beat a long list of student council officers soon after arriving at the academy. It's Yumeko Jabami, with 13 votes! She's been piling up votes despite her cool demeanor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But what's her real motive? Miroslava Honebami has 17 votes. She sank Yuriko Nishinotoin, President of the Traditional Culture Club, no sooner had the election begun. It's Miyo Inbami, with 21 votes! Looking like she'd curse you if you played against her, Sumika Warakubami, with 40 votes! Number six! The current first-year president, could she be the next president of the entire academy? Itsuki Sumeragi, with 50 votes! Number five! This guy has more votes than any other boy in Hyakkaou Academy. He may not seem like the kinda guy to take charge, but... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Rin Obami, with 62 votes! Number four! She was a house pet not so long ago, but here she is at number 4! There's lots riding on potential giant-killer Mary Saotome... 101 votes! This Your Tube Idol is aiming for the stars. Remember: you can share videos, not votes! It's Yumemi Yumemite, with 109 votes. Not many students radiate so much poise and dignity! She could take up the presidential role tomorrow. It's Terano Totobami, with 133 votes. Wow! They're all so talented. But there's one student really leading the pack at Hyakkaou Academy. And that's... She needs no introduction, it's the current president, Kirari Momobami, with 216 votes! Boy, oh, boy! Only the president could get so many votes in one week. Then again, she's the only one who stands to lose anything, so no wonder she's working so hard! That said, it's still early days, folks! And every student still has a chance. Well, that's the end of this bulletin. See you next time! Adieu! THANKS FOR WATCHING. Boring. Why won't the president give me any service chips? I've told her I'll do as many hours as it takes. Hey, why don't you give me some of your votes? IDOL WITH STARS IN HER EYES I ALWAYS SHARE YOUR POSTS Just look how cute I am. As always! These are good photos. Told you! But you want to be a Hollywood actress, don't you? Yes! Like her? Think you've got time to mess around in a bikini? It's fine. The best way to be a star is be the best Idol and then move into acting! Is that really true? Not that I care, but there are loads of Japanese actresses in Hollywood these days, right? You saying they were Idols first? Of course they weren't. They made it because their talent was recognized. All this Idol crap. It's just an excuse for your lack of talent, isn't it? You're so harsh, Midari-chan! That how you show affection? I'll get there, in my own way. Really? Well, enough about that. Let's get this meeting with the head of the Beautification Committee over with. Yes! What's with the eye-patch, bitch! She's such an amateur. But acts like she knows it all. You think anything you could think up would be news to me? Yumemi. I need more votes. I've no intention of being student president. But if I want influence over the new president, I need more votes. The winner needs to think it was me who handed them the reins of power. I intend to win an Academy Award. And for that to happen, I need the academy's support. But we've already got all the votes from your fan club. If you want more, you have to start gambling properly, or... Or find more fans, right? What's so funny? You can tell, can't you? Just remembering Kirari. All in. Fold. All in. All in. All in. All in. Wow! Unbelievable. Going all-in five times in a row pre-flop! I see what you're doing. Making your opponent fold instantly by going all-in but all you get is the ante. If our hands are good, you're risking everything for a low return. A foolish plan, no doubt about it. But you have way more chips than us, so our only option is to go all-in ourselves. In other words, you're forcing us into a sudden-death situation. This isn't about poker skills. You want to see if we're up for this kind of gamble. I'm right, aren't I, Kirari? Things have finally gotten interesting. Let's have some fun! How predictable! Okay. If that's how it is, then... I'm out. What? We're not obliged to take part in this kind of gamble. At least, not right now. Let's go, Sumika. She was so surprised! Even Kirari can be cute sometimes, eh? Priceless! Her strength lies in the way her feelings show on her face. Eh? What do you mean? The most important thing to her is that she is amused. She craves pleasure at all times, that's all. So she's hard to read. That must be right if it's what you think. Anyway, I know what makes her tick. It's time to put another one through her paces. Yumeko-chan! I've missed you so much! Yumemite-san! Itsuki-chan, Suzui-kun. Long time no see. Right. Nice to see you again. What brings you here today? I've come to ask you a favor, Yumeko-chan. I want to bring the Dreaming Creaming Sisters back together! What? Yumemite, that's a little... Please! Just for one day! One day? It'll be a one-time-only reunion! We'll get fans in and gamble together. It'll be so much fun! We'll split the winnings between us, of course! Please, please, please, please, please! It does sound like fun. With Yumeko singing, so many more people will come. And more people means more votes! Hey, look! - Who's that? - It can't be! - Really? - Why? No way, no way! No way! I'm such a huge fan! What is she doing here? Hello, everyone. What? Isn't that the Hollywood actress... Kawaru Natari. EPISODE 5 THE CHANGING GIRL Who is that? - What? - What? - She's an A-list celebrity! - Really? I'm a huge fan! I've seen everything you've ever been in. Your acting in Mistral was amazing. And your dark heroine in The Gamble Hole was groundbreaking. I want to be an actress, like you. You're the Idol, Yumemi Yumemite, aren't you? Kawaru Natari has heard of me! It's like a dream come true! Don't get the wrong impression. I have no interest in Your Tube Idols. In fact, I know nothing about them. But as this is an election, naturally I researched my rivals. Rivals? Hold on a minute! Does that mean you're taking part in the election? Most certainly. Wait! I've never heard of a Hollywood actress being at the academy! Well, perhaps not. Allow me to introduce myself. My real name is Sumika Warakubami, and I'm a member of the Momobami clan. I came here to gamble. Kawaru Natari is a member of the Momobami clan? Impossible! Wait! This morning's news flash said that the president has the most votes so far. Terano Totobami came in 2nd. If clan members don't want to fight among themselves, then the reason Kawaru Natari is here is... Fancy playing a game with me? Yumeko Jabami. Okay, but I only have 13 votes. Wouldn't it be better to gamble with someone who has a lot of votes? No need to worry. The others don't trouble me. In the end, the only competitors left will be clan members. Really? Shouldn't be surprised, I guess. She's a Hollywood actress. For her, a humble Your Tube Idol might as well not exist. Maybe I should be grateful that she even noticed me at all. But I'm going to be walking the red carpet some day. So Kawaru Natari is an opponent I must defeat. What kind of game shall we play? My preference is poker... A performing arts showdown. How about it? Please allow me to take part. Wow! You'll have a chance to win my 109 votes, and we'll be competing in your field. Surely you can't refuse? In that case, it's Yumeko Jabami and Yumemi Yumemite against me. I accept, on one condition. What? The 109 votes are tempting, but they're not worth the extra trouble. I'd like to get this over with in one go. Fine with me! How much more will she disrespect me? I'll show her. I'll make her pay attention to me. I accept the condition! It's decided, then. Wow! Amazing! YUMEMI YUMEMITE DRESSING ROOM What the hell are you doing? A three-act contest in front of an audience of 100? You're up against a world-famous actress! Trying to out-perform her is suicide! Yumemite-senpai. You don't care if you win or lose, do you? You just want to compete against Kawaru Natari, don't you? You're so right. Yumemi... I'm such a huge fan of hers. She's my inspiration. My goal is to reach her level one day. It's an honor just to play with her. A performing arts contest with her is beyond my wildest dreams. But... I'll feel even better when we win! I have no intention of losing. Well, it's the election match you've been waiting for. Here's today's host: Runa Yomotsuki, chair of the Election Management Committee! Great to be here! What's this? All 100 tickets sold out instantly? Not surprising, as we will get to see the one and only Kawaru Natari. Of course, I'm 100% neutral. No matter how famous the contestants. I've got her autograph but there'll be no favoritism. I'm so jealous! Right. Let's get this show on the road. This is Active Station! A-Stay for short! Let's start! I'm one of a pair... - Weird! - What's going on? Look at that! Why has she got the vice president trailing behind her? Hey, you! I told you not to follow me. You've been stuck to me all day. But we promised we'd fight this election together. I'm keeping my promise. Please keep your side of the bargain. You... how dim can you be? You put Yumeko's life in danger to force me into playing your game. Now you're lecturing me about keeping promises? No way I'd make promises to a dumb-ass like you who can't even think for yourself! I wouldn't dream of being your friend, let alone gambling with you. At least, not the way you are right now. The inner resolve to settle on a path that offers even a little hope among a host of shifting possibilities. Such resolve is at the very core of gambling. I'm going to make you gamble. If you win, we can work together. I am a two pair A two-pair of maidens I am a two pair A two-pair of maidens There is just one time for love That was Dreaming Creaming Sisters with Two Pair Maiden. So cute! What a stunning opening to today's show! Let's all welcome Runa Yomotsuki, Election Management Committee chair, back to tell us the rules of today's A-Stay. Hey, everyone! Today's game is a three-round performance contest. A-STAY RULES Round 1 was devised by the Dreaming Creaming Sisters, round 2 by Kawaru Natari, and round 3 by the Election Management Committee. Of course, the game needs to be fair, so as long as it's done fairly, anything goes! And the winner will walk away with all of their opponent's votes! The word "performance" covers many things, right? So we need an area in which we can beat Kawaru Natari. And that's singing! So as a professional singer, you'll be fighting her on your own turf. Swallowing any pride. That's right. I'm determined to win. Whatever it takes. I love your determination to be victorious! Because if your opponent is thinking the same way, and you go head to head, then one of you is going to be wrong. And the risk of being publicly proved wrong is simply exquisite! I'll gladly help in any way I can. Whatever means you choose, Yumemite-san. I can't possibly lose at singing. I've worked hard and I'm experienced. Just like you. Next up is Kawaru Natari-san. She will be performing Amazing Grace. Wow! She's in a league of her own! Beautiful. She's clearly had voice coaching. A long time ago, my teacher told me something. "Perfect technique is the foundation but real talent lies beyond that." Why did I suddenly remember that? That was Kawaru Natari-san with Amazing Grace. Bravo! Ladies and gents, pick up your phones as voting is now open! That was wonderful, Natari-san. Singing is acting. I truly believe that. You have to convey the feelings trapped inside the lyrics and melody. To reveal the song's true meaning. That's why, when I perform, Kawaru Natari does not exist. The actress merely brings her body to the stage. All that matters is the role. By the way... What does singing mean to you two? Is it a way of showing off with a song pleasantly sung and a cute little dance? True, Natari's singing was way better than I thought it would be, and appealing. Even so, I'm determined to win. COUNTING VOTES This doesn't really seem fair. Even so, Yumemi still needs to win! I'd be surprised if Yumeko-senpai was fine with this. I bought them off! I bribed most of the audience members to vote for me! After all, I can't afford to lose. Ladies and gents, votes have been counted! COUNTING COMPLETE Ladies and gents, it's now time to announce the results. The results of the live singing challenge in round one of the contest are... Dreaming Creaming Sisters have eight votes. Kawaru Natari has 92 votes. Wow, Kawaru Natari has smashed it, with a clear lead of 84 votes! You. You underestimate what it takes to be an actress. - I'll fight alone. - Yumemi and Jabami-san - communicate. - If she doesn't, - it'll definitely go bust. - I have to win! You were acting all along? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 