Kakegurui: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kakegurui 
 s2e7 - The Treacherous Woman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kakegurui (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - The Treacherous Woman - full transcript 
 Yumeko challenges Terano Totobami to a gamble for Student Council presidential election votes and they agree to play a game called the "Greater Good Game" presided over by Rumis Uru. The ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I hardly expected you to contact me of your own accord. What business do you have with me... Yumeko Jabami? Let's gamble! There you go, Manyuda-senpai. I peeled them by hand for you, so you'd better appreciate it. Sumeragi, leave me be. It's for you own sake. I was defeated and lost everything. My status at the academy, my parents' hopes for me. Even my life is no longer my own. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your life? You mean this? Yes. Because you have my life plan, my life belongs to you. Why are you being so meek? It's not like you. This is just a pile of paper. Someone owns your life plan. So? Just win and make a big comeback. It's no reason to lose your ambition! You're being a fool. I had no right to walk the high road. I know that now. I have nothing left to fight for. I see. Well, since I own your life plan, will you submit to me, forever? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It must be humiliating to have to serve someone you really underestimated. I'll run you ragged as long as you live. Yes. It wouldn't be so bad. That's it? What's one little setback? Is that really the limit of your ambition? What's wrong with you? I don't like seeing you this feeble. Sumeragi-san, that's where you were! Yumeko-senpai? Mira! - Did Terano summon you, too? - Seems so. Wow, something's brewing. And it's not a nice little tea party. Let's see if we're going to meet a demon or a snake... Wait a minute, that's Yumeko Jabami. What's going on, Terano? Bringing her into the fold after all? - No. - But of course. You want to fight Kirari, right? Then it makes sense to join us. Let's bring her down together. Thank you, but I'll have to decline your offer. Leave it. If she wanted to fight Kirari, she'd have done so already. Yumeko seems to have her own plans. She's the one who proposed this. Meaning what? You saw the interim results from the other day? Kirari is winning votes even faster than I expected. The final election result can be predicted. It's a free for all with votes bought and sold, and going to the highest bidder. Being at a financial disadvantage, we will lose if things reach that stage. Without enough votes, we won't be able to take part in the games. She's exactly right. So let's form a betting pool. If we play a high-risk, high-return game among ourselves, we can pool our votes. Yumeko Jabami and Itsuki Sumeragi both placed highly in the interim ranking. We won't get better opponents. I've gone ahead and chosen the game. What do you say, Ibara? Miroslava? - Very well. - Sounds good. You'll be great opponents. - Are all the contestants assembled? - Not quite. There's one more coming. Manyuda-senpai! Hold on, wait a second! Isn't that Kaede Manyuda, ex-student council treasurer? I hear he lost ten billion. He doesn't even rank. It negates the point of vote pooling. In the interests of fairness, Yumeko and I both chose two people. You need a full table to play, so deal with it. Making up the numbers. Fitting for a failure like me. Do as you like. The election means nothing to me. Is that your attitude now? Well, well. I see we're all here. I'm Rumia Uru from the Election Management Committee. I'll be administering this game. I find your voice kind of annoying. People often tell me that. So this game has been devised and sponsored by Ms. Totobami. We have five players. So you're not playing either, Terano? Have you forgotten the pact? I have no need to take votes from you at this point. What? The game we will be playing is called... The Greater Good Game. I will explain the structure of the game. Each of you in turn will be shown to a room. In the room, you will find two boxes. A personal fund box and a tax contribution box. Each of you will be given five silver coins. JABAMI Place these in your preferred box. TAX Once everyone's had their turn, the coins will be counted and distributed as follows. The coins in your personal fund box are yours to keep. However, the coins in the tax contribution box will be doubled before being distributed equally among everyone. Taxes contribute to the prosperity of the country, and quality of life improves as a result. That's the purpose of the tax contribution box. I see! When you say "everyone," does that include people who didn't pay into the tax box? It does! You will receive money from the tax contribution box even if you didn't contribute a single coin. Freeloaders allowed, in effect. That doesn't make sense. Surely then no one will pay any tax. That may be so. But people like that are a drain on everyone else, aren't they? Before each round, there will be time for discussion. And just once, if three or more people agree, one player can be eliminated. The eliminated player will be excluded from the game, and their coins confiscated. Your aim is to accumulate at least 40 coins in five rounds. You can choose to pay tax or bank the money yourself. If you reach 40, you'll win votes depending on how many coins you collected. You only have five turns, so if everyone chooses the personal box you won't have nearly enough. Hold on. These votes... where are they coming from? From me, of course. Didn't I say I have no intention of taking votes from you? I'm offering up all 133 of my votes. This will be an easy game of skimming votes from the house. To beat Kirari, the more people with multiple votes, the better. Even if some of them aren't even allies. I have no use for dead weights. Finally, anyone who has failed to accumulate 40 coins by the end of the game will have to give Ms. Totobami all their votes! Hey! That's crazy, Terano. You want to destroy us. I said the goal is to pool votes. That requires rationality. You always have an answer for everything. Fine, then. I really want to play this game. And I won't feel good if I don't! - I have no objections, either. - I'm getting quite excited! Whatever you say. What about you, Ms. Sumeragi? I agree. It appears that everyone has agreed to the rules. So, let's proceed. Let The Greater Good Game commence! Lots have been drawn to determine the playing order. The first discussion period starts now. We're supposed to discuss, but we have nothing to discuss yet, do we? Then let's just agree? Of course, you'll all put all five coins in the tax contribution box, won't you? If everyone pays the tax, we'll definitely bank 40 coins. Most importantly, we can all place first. What are you talking about? Joint first is almost as bad as everyone losing. To share the prize among all of us would require 500 votes, but Terano only has 133. Split five ways, that's 26 votes each. But break from the pack and come in first and you can win 100 votes. I doubt we can all resist the temptation. Sooner or later, we'll try to sabotage the group. - It's our destiny. - Oh, dear! How upsetting! There's no way Yumeko didn't know that already. She was making sure we all knew something. That this is about sabotaging the group to ensure our own survival. It's a game of treachery. All right! The discussion period is over. Ms. Sumeragi will be the first player to invest her coins. You'll be taken to the room. This way, please. What to do? Of course, my objective is to win but there's no point if we all lose. It'd be pure folly to put it all in the personal fund right away. Anyway, I must remember my aim is to win. What do you want? Wasn't it a great game we played the other day? We both gave it our all and even Sumeragi-san bet everything. What a wonderful moment! I hope this game will be just as enjoyable. You never cease to amaze me. You've got some nerve. Considering I bet everything, and lost. Can I ask you something? Your hunger for gambling and risk taking, often leaving opponents on the brink of despair... Do you have no remorse for the lives you destroy? Yes. I suppose I feel a little guilty... About having no remorse. Are you in your right mind? Knowing what happens to those you drive to despair, how can you still...?! Is that something you're familiar with? A feeling of despair? Rei. Forgive me. What's this? Arguing whilst we're mid-game? Chill out, Batsubami. And Manyuda, enough with the grumbling. If you've got a problem with Yumeko, defeat her. Isn't that right? Yes. I'd be delighted if you did that. Let me go! Ms. Itsuki Sumeragi has completed her turn. How was it, Sumeragi-san? Yeah. There wasn't really much to it. Just a room with two boxes. That's not what she's asking. Which box did you pay into? You didn't put it in the personal box, did you? What do you want me to say? Obviously, no one wants to be eliminated. So we'll all say we chose the tax box, regardless. I don't know. Sometimes you can tell someone's lying by how they answer. Hey, Manyuda. You and Sumeragi go back a long time, no? Is she lying? Don't get me involved. You can fight it out among you. So it's like that? Ms. Miroslava Honebami has completed her turn. Ms. Yumeko Jabami, this way please. - Okay! - Yumeko-senpai... We can win this, right? We won't lose and get knocked out, will we? Sumeragi-san, for some reason, I get the feeling something exciting is going to happen. Round one is now complete. It's time to reveal the results. I will count the coins in the box, double them, and distribute them. There was a total of 20 coins! Two times 20 is 40, divided by five is eight, so everyone gets eight coins. Oh my! If we'd all put our coins in the tax box, there would be 25. We're five short. That means... That's right, Sumeragi-san. It would appear that someone here didn't pay any tax. We have a traitor in our midst. Now, round two. You may begin the discussion period. I thought this might happen. Who's the traitor? Of course, you can get ahead by putting coins into your personal fund box. But if we all do the same, we'll all lose. That's beyond obvious, too. Let's expose them. If we eliminate the traitor, the rest of us can play. We can fight among ourselves once we each have 40 coins. I'd love to do that if we could, you know? But there's no way to find out who the traitor is. I'll make them talk. Torture might be the Mushibami specialty but I can do things, too. Give me five minutes with each one, they'll soon confess. What is she on about? Are you stupid? Chances of finding the culprit are one in five. I'd prefer that no innocent people were tortured. Don't worry. I'll soon get to the truth. You don't get what we mean, Mira. What's to say you're not the traitor in the first place? Idiot. Wait! Please calm down. This is the true essence of the game. We have a traitor in our midst. Not only did they not pay their taxes, but they're also lying about it. I paid my taxes like I was meant to. How can this be allowed? What if I lose because of this? Unbelievable. Unforgivable. The sense of unfairness, is what drives The Greater Good Game. When something feels unfair players are unable to trust anyone. In the face of unfairness, will we be able to keep trusting each other? Why did you choose this game? This game is the presidential election in miniature. To accomplish your own goals, you ally with opponents whilst scheming to outwit them. Rei, of all those here, who in your opinion is the most dishonest? I couldn't say. I see. May I? We can't determine who the traitor is right now. All we can do is try to prevent further betrayal. I have an idea. Does anyone have a pen and paper? Oh, I do. What is this? On each piece of paper, I've written a number between one and five. Please each take one, and pay that number of coins into the tax contribution box. Why? What will that do? Right. I see how it works. Assuming everyone puts the number of coins on their paper in the tax box, and the traitor doesn't put any, then the identity of the traitor can be deduced from the shortfall. Exactly. There's still a risk that we'll end up a coin or two short but it should eliminate larger betrayals. Now, round two is complete. Let me reveal the results. Let's see how things turn out this time. The total tax contribution comes to... Thirteen coins. Distribution will be rounded up to six coins each. Thirteen? Yumeko-senpai, what... I'm surprised. I meant for the numbers I'd written to have totaled 21. Everyone, show your papers! The numbers total 21, but only 13 coins were paid as tax, which means... The number of traitors must be going up! At least two people must have evaded tax if the total is 13. What are you doing? This is a game where we all lose unless we cooperate. Hey. Were you expecting this? Two or more people betraying the group? Yes, of course. The instructions were like bait. It's easier to locate the culprit when they make a big splash, isn't it? I trusted you and followed your instructions. You tricked me? It was to help discover the truth. And we now know there are multiple traitors, don't we? Right, I get it. Sure, it's proof... That you lie. It doesn't pay to be honest. How can things be so unfair? Liars like you shouldn't be allowed to exist! Calm down, Ibara. I think what Yumeko means is this. There are two traitors who are working together. It would have been unwise to turn traitor when there was one already among us. The coin total goes down, and the risk of us losing goes up. Unless they're actually working together. By sometimes paying and sometimes not paying, they can manipulate the coin total. Currently, with multiple traitors, it's difficult for any more of us to turn traitor. For the traitors, this strategy almost guarantees victory. To counter it, our only weapon is expulsion. In that case, aren't you two the traitors? To work together involves trust. As members of the same clan, you're obvious suspects. When would we have teamed up? We didn't know about the game until we got here. Did you really not know anything about it? Maybe you coordinated in advance with Totobami-san? With Terano? You think I'd do a thing like that? Here goes the discussion dance. The possibilities are infinite. What is needed now is a decision, but driven by the sense of unfairness, they hurl accusations at one other. Like society. Let's watch you go around and around in circles. I've had enough. This is ridiculous. Manyuda-senpai, don't you have anything to say? - I bet you... - That's enough, Sumeragi. Leave me alone. But let me offer an objective opinion. Judging from the circumstances, the traitor is... EPISODE 7 THE TRAITOROUS GIRL Yumeko Jabami. Are you in love with the boy in glasses? Keep stirring my aquarium. I'll take you all down... Have you become so decrepit... - I'm losing. - I'll take you with me. I'm losing it! EPISODE 8 THE UNDEFEATABLE GIRL 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 