Kakegurui: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kakegurui 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kakegurui (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Let's call it... the finger-cutting guillotine. Guillotine? The players each place a finger in a hole, and take turns cutting one of these 20 strings. Just one of the strings holds the blade. Cut that and the blade drops down, at which point any fingers... No one knows which string holds the blade. Whoever takes their finger out first is the loser. So it's a game of chicken. Lose your finger or lose the game. It's a gamble. Whoever gets most scared is the loser. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So, want to take up the challenge? It's up to you. It's no good. Yumeko will probably... The Hyakkaou Private Academy. Established 122 years ago, it prides itself on its traditions and social status. But this prestigious school maintains a stringent hierarchy in which rank is decided not by academic or sporting ability... but purely on gambling success. Most students get caught up in the winning and losing, in the betting. And most struggle. But I discovered that it was possible for someone to gamble not for money or fame, but for its own sake. Yumeko Jabami. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Since her arrival, the games at the academy have steadily become more disturbing. Right this moment, Yumeko is in the throes of a tantalizing gamble. So, Jabami-sama, Ikishima-sama, what do you think? Of course, you don't have to accept the gamble. It looks like this gamble is too grim for you to even reply. Yeah, I'm sure shocked. Me too. I got distracted for a moment. Really? If you're too scared, then it can't be helped. This gamble... - Is on! - Is on! Just what I've been waiting for! A game that's devastatingly simple and yet utterly extreme. This is the kind of gamble I like! Great rules and a great contraption. Get it wrong, and you'll get cut, no exceptions. Sweet. Look, look. I barely touched it and I got cut. It's so sharp. Look, Yumeko. - Very impressive, isn't it, Suzui-san? - Yes. Stop ignoring me! - This will be fun. - Look at this, Yumeko. What's with these two? They can't seriously be unperturbed by this game. Impossible. The loss of a body part should be a fundamental fear. Very good, then. Shall we begin? - Yes. - Bring it on. Thanks. You've now both officially agreed to take part in this gamble! Can this even be called a gamble? It has nothing to do with luck or skill. All it takes is reckless courage. But neither Yumeko nor Ikishima are likely to pull out any time soon. Wait! What? You setup the guillotine, so you know which string holds up the blade, don't you? That's not fair, is it? If you have nothing worthwhile to add, keep your mouth shut, small fry. Small fry? Just open up the box and the blade can be easily reconnected to any string. I'll get the dealer to reconnect the strings. Is that better? Fine with me! Even though it means you'll now be able to choose who wins? - Mushibami-sama. - Yeah? Please rest assured that would never happen. We at the Election Monitoring Committee pride ourselves on remaining entirely neutral. Otherwise, our work would be meaningless. I ask you not to underestimate the committee. How dependable! But that'll do. Let's hurry and get started. Yes, sir! What's this? They're sure being cautious about it. As if we were about to peek. Looking would take away half the thrill! I haven't felt like this in ages... It's unusual for Yumeko to dislike someone so blatantly. Not that I blame her. Hey, I wonder if you really understand what's about to happen. In a few minutes, someone's finger could be flying through the air. All set and ready to go. Come in, please, everyone. We've waited long enough. Let's do this. - Yamato-san. - Yes, sir! Were you able to inspect the device properly? We need you to do that for us so we can really enjoy the game. That goes without saying! The impact from the blade at that height will certainly... have enough force to cut. I like it. They're going ahead with it. Okay, everyone, place your bets and insert your fingers into the guillotine. That blade is real. Does Mushibami really understand how dangerous... Thanks for waiting. The finger-cutting guillotine bets are on! Let me start! Come on. I can't stand it anymore! Please, go ahead. No matter who starts, the outcome's the same. It's time for the first move. Go ahead, Ikishima-san. Which one shall I go for? Might end up losing a finger. Have to think about this carefully. What a rush! Yumeko, it's so good to be gambling with you again. Is that so? Yes! And this time we're in the same boat. We both have a one-in-20 chance of losing a digit! Share the pain with me! First one's a blank. Quite. A miss. If you'd like to concede, pull your finger out at any time. Seems like no one wants to yet. Time for the second move. The next player is Yumeko Jabami-sama. Go ahead. Yes. There are many strings but that doesn't mean I can lower my guard. The moment of truth always arrives suddenly. You're right. What a tragedy if you got distracted and missed it. Right? Well, here I go. Another miss. These guys, how come they're so calm? Chances are slim but to cut the strings so easily... I've heard plenty about Yumeko Jabami, but... You. Was it Midari Ikishima? Why are you taking part in this? Why? I've heard you've lost to Yumeko Jabami before. Perhaps you think risking a finger gambling with Yumeko Jabami will let you exact some kind of revenge on her? Revenge? Maybe that's it. She's kept me waiting long enough. It's time she hurt me like I want her to. - Pardon? - Come on! Do it! I don't even mind if you cut the blade string. After all, I owe you one for setting all this up. I don't need to be told. Another miss! It doesn't get better than this! I like it. Isn't it wonderful how the thrill of danger creeps closer and closer with each move. What? So you think so, too, Yumeko? I knew we were on the same wavelength. I'm not so sure about that. - Yumeko, you're just so... - I see. These two are at least brave enough to put on a bold front. I wonder how long they'll keep it up for? I'll just take a ringside seat because this guillotine is designed to make sure no fingers are actually severed. There's an iron plate built into the machine so the blade will stop before it reaches our fingers. It's not cheating. The blade may not sever a finger, but it will certainly fall. I'm sure the dealer noticed when she checked the guillotine. But it's not against the rules, so she's kept quiet. I guess what she said about absolute neutrality was true. Which means you ladies have absolutely no chance of winning. You might reach a draw if you can hold out until the blade falls, but do you have what it takes to withstand the mounting fear as the strings are cut, one by one. Another miss! Come on, Yumeko! - You've got to cut the right one soon. - I'll try my best. I wonder which string it is. But can you tell me why you own such a delightful device in the first place? You've had it a long time, haven't you? That's a good point. Why would you have such a thing? Torture. It's a tradition passed down for generations in the Mushibami family. Torture? In this day and age? Torture is necessary in every age. We wheel this baby out and slowly but methodically start cutting the strings. People soon start talking. They soon tell you everything. I wonder how long it'll be before you two crack. Goodness! What interesting jobs there are out there! In that case, you'll understand what I'm about to say. You can hardly complain if someone does to you what you willingly do to others. Not to mention this is a gamble you yourself proposed. Perhaps losing a digit's a bit of a high price to pay but sometimes it can't be helped, wouldn't you agree? - Yamato-san. - Yes? You removed it, as I requested? What? Absolutely. It was my duty. I'm so glad. Now we can truly enjoy the thrill of the gamble. Hey! What are you talking about? Don't leave me out. So, my move. No, no. Wait a minute. What did she just say? She had something removed. Removed from the device? No! No! Another miss! But I like what I hear. That torturing is your job. I hope that means you won't hesitate to cut my finger off and give me pain. That's great! Your turn, Mushibami! Come on, do it now! Please! Be our guest! Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut! EPISODE 1 COMPULSIVE GAMBLING GIRLS REDUX Mushibami-sama made the sixth move. The blade did not fall. This is great! As the number of strings goes down, the thrill increases! You're right! This was supposed to be completely safe. A torture in which I entertain myself watching my opponents quake in fear. That was the plan. How did she notice the iron plate inside the device? Or is she just bluffing? Can I get the dealer on my side and dispel the seeds of doubt? No, there's no way. I'm the one who devised this game, so if I show any doubt, I'll be admitting I knew about the iron plate. I've tied myself up in knots! Come on, Ikishima-san. Let's move on to the next round! What? Yeah, okay. Here I go. Now I get it, Yumeko! I was wrong! We're all shouldering the same risk. And it's fun! Yes! This makes no sense. Why do they keep cutting the strings? If they've figured out my little modification, surely they should be calling the gamble off, even as a bluff. The fact that they haven't means these two are truly... Go ahead, Mushibami-san. - Don't be such a tease. - What? - Now! - It's your turn! What's wrong with this academy? Wait a minute. What's this? I don't get it. You're the one who suggested this game. Why are you the one crying? Mushibami. That's why I wanted to stop her. This gamble never had a chance of working with these two. Especially not Yumeko, because she's... One, two, one. ...a compulsive gambler. I intend to dissolve this student council. I'll stand down as president and have an election to choose a replacement. Are you in your right mind? Calling an election now, when student council officers have been defeated one after another by Yumeko Jabami. Throwing away the seat of power of one's own accord, is the height of folly! Yuriko, I never thought you would contradict me. Interesting. The height of folly, that's precisely why. What? Hyakkaou Academy is like an aquarium that I created for myself. It's a microcosm that runs beautifully according to the law of survival of the fittest. But a student has appeared who is disturbing this order, who's wreaking havoc throughout the aquarium. She has converted even those who had adapted to captivity. Left untreated the disturbance will grow until it is beyond our control. That's why I want to stir things up even more. STUDENT COUNCIL ROOM So they're here. Excuse me. The party has arrived, so I have brought them to this room. Wait! We're in the middle of an important meeting. It's forbidden for ordinary pupils to be in here. Yes. I am fully aware of the situation. Who are you? It would not be proper to introduce myself before them. First, from the Gotobami family, Terano-sama and Yumi-sama. From the Warakugami family, Sumika-sama. From the Innami family, Mio-sama. From the Honebaniku family, Miraslava-sama. From the Komabami family, Nozomi-sama. From the Obami family, Rin-sama and Ibara-sama. From the Yobami family, Miri-sama. And from the Mushibami family, Erimi-sama. And I am here to serve them during their time at the academy. My name is Rei Batsubami. President, who are these people? It's too tedious to explain. You can tell them on my behalf. Everyone here's part of the Momobami clan, and related to the family head, Kirari Momobami. The clan comprises the head Momobami family and numerous extended families. Everyone here is a representative of their family at the academy. Thus, the Momobami family. Altogether: the Momobami clan. Welcome to my academy and the Student Council Presidential Election... a world where only the strongest survive. I despise you so much! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 