Kakegurui: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kakegurui 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kakegurui (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 These are all members of the family led by Kirari Momobami-sama. Together, they are... EPISODE 2 THE MOMOBAMI CLAN GIRLS ...the Momobami clan. The Momobami clan? What on Earth? I'd like to thank you all for coming. Don't play dumb. You said the election winner would become the next head of the Momobami clan. The adults fell over themselves to send representatives. With good reason. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 After becoming head of the Momobami clan, you became Student President and took control of the academy. You centralized the debts and loans of both current and former students, gaining influence over the political and business divisions. The role of Student Council President at Hyakkaou has become power itself. To control Hyakkaou Academy is to control the nation. But you've chosen to give up the role and put it up for election, and promote the winner to clan leader. This election has become a winner-takes-all succession struggle for both Hyakkaou Academy and the entire clan. You find it amusing, Kirari? Watching your extended family run around on your say-so? Yes, very much so. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You haven't changed. You so easily take the things that the rest of us value, then abandon them in a heartbeat. Then graciously allow us to try to win them back. I loathe you. I loathe you with all my soul. What's going on? I can't keep up. Election? Momobami? Head of the clan? All I know is that the president's academy is about to be devoured by these families. We can't let that happen! The order of the academy will collapse! She's right, President. Please reconsider. Hey. Nothing can be done now. The president has made her decision. It'd be pointless to try and stop her now anyway. But I'll crush her if she interferes with my plans. This sounds like crazy fun. Bring it on! Not that there can possibly be a finer girl than Yumeko among you. What? You've even brought measly little kids? This is madness. Yuriko, calm down. If you want things to remain as they are, you just have to win. You too, Sayaka. The opportunity is yours. Everyone will have an equal shot at this election because it will be decided through gambling alone. Testing, testing. Hello, everyone! I'm Runa Yomozuki, head of the Election Management Committee! I hope you've seen the poster. I'm gonna give you some real important info, so listen up! If you miss it, you might end up a house pet! First, the most important thing about the election is votes cannot be cast. They can only be transferred to another by gambling. No other methods will be recognized, so there's no need to stand as a candidate. All students are both electors and candidates. The election lasts 30 days. You can gamble however you want with whoever you want. Whatever happens, whoever has most votes after 30 days, will be the winner! Are you guys ready? I hereby declare the Student Council Presidential Election officially open! - This is really the chip? - Looks like a toy. I see. So every student gets one chip. Each chip represents a vote, and can be used to gamble. I'm a little disappointed we're not using money, I'd put together a start-up fund. The money all came through... from Manyuda-san. Look! Three billion yen! I could have gambled to my heart's content. I was really excited. Even all this money hasn't changed you, Yumeko. Hey, stop flashing that around. There's no telling what kind of idiot it might attract. Mary-san! Quit with the hugs. Three billion is nice but what are you gonna do about the other prize you won? I don't want someone else's life. As long as I can keep gambling, I'm happy. I transferred Manyuda-san's life plan to someone who deserves it. You transferred it to Sumeragi, didn't you? Good for her, I guess. She did seem quite attached to him. She did, didn't she? - Yumeko. - Yes? That delusional head of yours is probably beyond help but here's a word of warning. Don't underestimate this election. - Pardon? - Haven't you heard? A bunch of weirdos transferred here to take part in the election. And apparently, their names all end in "bami." - "Bami"? - Yes. The same as President Momobami. There's no way it's a coincidence, so just be careful. Yumeko, your name also ends in "bami," doesn't it? Know anything? Well, they could be distant relatives, perhaps? This school is super huge! And super luxe! She's giving up the academy and quitting her position in the clan. Kirari sure is generous. You're not even a family rep. Shut it, Yumi. I'm here to defend our side. - Right, Rin? - I'll do my best. So the one who gets the most votes gets to be president, right? Yes. It is an election, after all. And the winner also gets to be the leader of the clan. Erimi-san? That may well be true but I wouldn't advise targeting other clan members first. Naturally, there's a risk of payback. If you win, you'll be targeted by the rest of the clan. If you go for it, wait till the field thins out. And don't go blabbing about your plans! - I know. It's not like I... - Stop your nonsense! You can't have forgotten our agreement. No internal fights till we beat Kirari. I will kill anyone who holds us back. You would do well to remember this. Don't worry. I'm sure we're all on the same page. So? How do we deal with the Jabami girl? Jabami? Never heard of them. - Rei. - Yes. Yumeko Jabami. Second daughter of the Jabami family, minor clan member. As soon as she arrived, she gambled against five student council members and beat them. That's all I've been able to find out. Wow! What an impressive girl! No wonder, if she's in the clan, even if just a distant member. Wouldn't you say, Rei? Yes, Miyo-sama. Do we include her in our agreement? There'll be no need for that. You're free to make contact with her if you wish. Really? So, you're saying it's okay to make a move? - Rei. - Yes, m'lady. They've already started. For most people, the chips are nothing more than playthings. But for students in the lower ranks, a chance is a chance, no matter how small. To them, they're not playthings. What will you do, Yumeko? I'll use my chip to gamble with the president, of course. - I thought you might. - I'm already so excited! You'll need to get a lot of chips then. One or two won't cut it. I'm not so sure about that. What? There may come a time one vote holds so much power, nobody will dare ignore it. It could happen. As usual, it's impossible to know what she's thinking. Does she have ambitions to become president? - How about you, Saotome? - What? What are your plans for the election? I... Yes? Saotome? Who knows? It's nothing to do with me. I'm going home now. - Was it something I said? - I wonder. Yumeko Jabami, I presume? Yes. I answer to that name. You're invited to an election gamble. A gamble! Delighted to accept! Yumeko, be careful. It's probably against those new students. - Are you from one of those families? - Well? Excuse me. My name is Rei Batsubami. I'm here to serve the Momobami clan. Batsubami-san? Will you be gambling with us, too? Me? Gambling? That's unthinkable. You have a different opponent. I will introduce you. Thank you! Yumeko! So good to see you again. Ikishima-san, it was you? She invited me to gamble with you. Pleased to meet you. May I present Erimi Mushibami-sama. Mushibami? I was right. Mushibami-san, thank you so much for the invitation. You're not so bad then, huh? Sorry about what I said, calling you a measly little kid. You'll be the first low-life council member I destroy. Along with this Yumeko Jabami. Okay. Looks like everyone is here! I will take my leave now. Inaho Yamato, election monitor, at your service. I will be overseeing proceedings from now on. Why do we need an election monitor? Where there is gambling, a monitor is necessary. During the election, a monitor must be present whenever there's a gamble, to oversee vote administration. Who cares! Let's just get started. Got something sweet lined up? I don't think you'll be disappointed. We can count on you to take part, can't we, Yumeko Jabami? Of course! I can't wait to see what the game is! Wait! Doesn't that put players at a huge disadvantage? No need for alarm. They're free to withdraw having heard the rules. Don't worry. The game I've devised is about as fair as it gets. Bring it on! ...it'd be meaningless. You got me all hot and bothered. Wait a minute. What's this? I don't get it. It was you who proposed this game. Why are you the one crying? You can't get me all worked up then just stop! Hey! Then who's gonna get me off? - Don't... - What? Speak up! Don't be an idiot! I'd never let myself lose to lowly trash like you. Nice. Yeah, I could be into that kind of thing. I don't get it! How can they just cut away like that? Three strings left! Mushibama-sama, go ahead! I can't do it. We've still not cut the one holding the blade. We are so goddamn unlucky. No. We're fortunate to be able to enjoy ourselves longer. These two are something else. Three strings left. Three strings to go and they still haven't quit? They're insane. I'm starting to think they might keep their fingers in there even down to the final string! I can't take it anymore. I... Mushibami-san. I doubt this is the case, but you're not thinking of withdrawing, are you? You said it yourself, didn't you? Torturing is a family tradition. That you wanted to see how long we would last. Yeah, that's what you said! Torture is your thing, so maybe I'm preaching to the converted, but this game gets more terrifying with each string that is cut. No one can withstand the terror as it ramps up. It makes people abandon their pride and their beliefs. In which case... we're just getting to the exciting bit! The real fun starts now. What are you waiting for? Pick up those scissors and allow the fear to manifest! She's right. To keep a finger in with one string left, there can't be anyone who'd do that. The Mushibami instrument of torture is perfect. If anyone withstands this, the family's time-honored tradition, will die. That's a miss. Impressive! I like you. You could take me all the way. And now, Ikishima-sama, it's your turn! I know! Let's all come together! Filth. Just two strings left now. Only two more strings to find the winner. I'll prove it! That when there's just one string left, you have no choice but to remove your finger. It must be so! There's no escaping that terror. This is so good. The Mushibami tradition! So the last string... What? Game over! All the strings are cut, and we have a winner. As she removed her finger, Mushibami-sama loses. Ikishima-sama is disqualified for cutting two strings at once. That leaves... Yumeko Jabami-sama as the winner! Jabami-sama wins two chips. What the hell are you doing? Why would you cut two strings at once? You little... Why'd you rig it so no fingers got cut off? I thought I was finally gonna make it happen with Yumeko. But you screwed with us, you bitch! You scumbag! Yumeko, say something to this piece of shit! The only piece of shit here is you, Ikishima-san. I wonder if you have any idea what you've just done. What are you talking about? Like you said, I didn't keep all the risk to myself! It was a one-in-two chance. After a series of coincidences, odds of one-in-20 eventually became one-in-two. It was like some sort of divine miracle! And waiting for us at the end was the ultimate choice! But you destroyed that final moment. Knowing that you'd lose a finger. A fear with a 100% chance of happening? That's not scary at all. I never want to see your face ever again. You disgust me! Wait! Why? Why is the iron plate still there? The monitor, who is neutral, said she'd removed it. That was just a little insurance. When I heard the rules, I thought it would be a shame if the device had an iron plate or something. Fortunately, the table beneath the guillotine was quite unstable. But did you notice how the game progressed without difficulty? That's because Yamato-san, kindly removed the anti-slip discs from the table. True. An anti-slip disc on one of the table's legs was broken, so I removed the rest to fix the balance. I apologize for saying something to mislead you. I wanted you to experience the same feelings as us. That's... That's why I... Mushibami-san... the conviction you showed at the end was incredible! I do hope we can play together again someday! Yumeko Jabami. This girl definitely has Momobami blood in her veins. And, without doubt, we will devour each other at the academy. When did we last have a chance to get together like this? I wonder? Terano, Yumi, are you well? I'm great! You can always count on me for that. The families wouldn't be united if it wasn't for the election. You're right. But I was a little surprised you brought Rei with you, too. This is your domain. No one's mad enough to enter without insurance. And you think Rei is that insurance? The Batsubami family was banished from the Momobami clan. They are outcasts. Sorry, I don't believe they'll rush to help you, even for revenge. They wouldn't help you, either. And that's what makes it perfect, right? Your lame tricks will sign your own death warrant. All I've done is introduce a wild-card. That's all. Interesting. I like your style, Terano. Wow! At any rate, wheels are already in motion. They can't be stopped. As is your wish, the academy will descend into chaos. Yuriko-sama! Please, someone! Help! This is stupid. Just the fact that I'm thinking about this means she has me in the palm... You, President? No. Vice president? You are Mary Saotome, aren't you? I've been looking for you. We need to talk. This presidential election... Because gambling is a vicious poison that changes people. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 