Kakegurui: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kakegurui 
 s2e3 - This Woman is Untouchable - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kakegurui (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - This Woman is Untouchable - full transcript 
 Yuriko Nishinotouin collapses and loses in a gamble with Miri Youbami and Miyo Inbami. Later, Batsubami introduces Miri Youbami and Miyo Inbami to Yumeko as they have all been invited to an... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Let me begin my report. Yesterday, Yuriko Nishinotouin took part in an election gamble. Why? I was sure I'd arranged things perfectly, but now... Yuriko-sama! Please, someone! Help! Oh, dear. To collapse under so little pressure... How unacceptably fragile of her. Nishinotouin was defeated. Her votes given to Inbami and Yobami. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It stinks! It really stinks. I'm afraid our position of absolute neutrality is being tested. COMMON ROOM 7 - Here it is. - Thanks for bringing me here, Suzui-san. Why did you come here? Look! An invitation to gamble! This... So thrilled to be gambling again today! I'm very grateful to Kirari-san! Who sent you this sinister invitation? I can't wait! Over here. You're Batsubami-san. We met the other day. What are you doing here? I'm just bringing these two. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Miri Yobami-sama. Miyo Inbami-sama. We're related but it's the first time we've actually met, isn't it, Yumeko Jabami-san? Yes. Pleased to meet you. They really are Yumeko's relatives? The fact that you are here means... Yumeko-san, you also received one of these? Looks like we'll be gambling together! Please be gentle with us. Miyo, no need to act so humble. This girl is our enemy. Don't say such things, Miri. We are all members of the Momobami clan. Let's honor the clan and fight fair and square. I agree. I'm looking forward to it. I'm so happy to meet you, Yumeko-san. Likewise, Miyo-san. And Miri-san, too! I will take my leave now. You're finally here. Runa Yomotsuki! Why is the election committee chair here? Me? I'm here as an observer, like any other committee member. Just kidding. I wanted to pay my respects to the two people who made a fool of Yuriko-chan. - That's all! - I see. You gambled fair and square with Yuriko-chan, in the presence of a neutral observer from the election committee, and she lost. That's right, isn't it? Yes. Of course. And now you two are taking on Yumeko Jabami, so as monitor, I'll be keeping a watchful eye on things. Go ahead. Fulfill the responsibilities of your job. With the committee chair as monitor we'll have peace of mind! Okay, let's begin, shall we? So the players are Miyo Inbami, Miri Yobami and Yumeko Jabami. - Any objections? - And me! I want to participate, too. That's fine so long as these two agree. Makes no difference to me. Suzui-san! I'm so happy. Let's enjoy ourselves! There's something odd about this election match. If I can help Yumeko even slightly by taking part, that's enough for me. Now then, to keep this fair, we will play a game I have devised. - That OK with everyone? - I've no objections. Okay! So the game the four of you will play is Nym Type Zero. You will use these four types of card. Zero, one, two and three. Ten of each, 40 in total. I'll deal each of you a hand of four cards. You'll each put down a single card in turn. If you play a card that brings the total to nine or more, you lose. Simple, right? To ensure the game doesn't rely on luck alone you'll place bets like in poker. So even if your hand is bad, you can still bluff your opponents. We will play three rounds. The losers' votes will be distributed among those left in the game. I only have one vote. No problem. We'll advance you service chips from the election committee. Have as many as you like! But for each one, you'll have to give 24 hours of service to the student council. Twenty-four hours for one chip? You'll need to obey all orders. It's not a decision to be taken lightly! How about it? Do you accept the rules? We accept. All gambling comes with a risk. This will be such fun! And you. Do you agree? - I do. - Okay! How delightful! I'm sure the girl who invited us must be delighted, too. Who on Earth is it? Who invited you? It was the vice president! There are 100 votes here. Guess which hand the vote is in. Guess correctly and you win 100 votes. Go ahead. Make your choice, Mary Saotome. The game of Nym Type Zero will now commence! Here we go! And one more thing. I am absolutely neutral. To ensure the game's fair, we'll use new cards in each round, and the cards will be dealt at random. I'll cut them a few times. Now, Suzui-kun... Pick a number, any number, between 10 and 30. Let's see, 21. Right, I'll split them into two piles of 21 and 19. Then I'll give them a riffle shuffle! The deck is ready! This is a great hand. In this game, having two zeros is huge. Time to start betting. First, you must all pay an ante of one chip! Yumeko's head of the table, so we'll go anti-clockwise from her. Let's see. What shall I do? I bet 30 votes. - What? - Call. Yes, that's it. Perfect! Small bets are so boring. We need bets that deal instant death blows. Now Suzui-san, it's your turn. Betting 30 service chips means giving 720 hours of your life to the student council. So, what's your move? Call. With this hand, I've got to go for it. I can win. That's the best way of helping Yumeko! I'd be lonely if I was the only one left out. I'll call, too. She bet 30 without using service chips! That'll liven things up a bit, won't it? Okay! Everyone's bet 30 votes and the game is on! Round one of Nym Type Zero starts now. It's Yumeko's turn to put down a card. Yumeko-chan, anyone home? Hey! Yes. Sorry. I'll play a three. I see. A standard move, eh? Two. The zero cards will most likely end up being the key to this game. You can't lose if you keep playing zeros. I can't put Yumeko in a position where she has to play a zero. That will only happen if Miri-san or Miyo-san bring the total up to nine. I must choose between one or three. Either way, it's just a matter of luck. One. I think that was the right move. After all, Miyo-san accepted the 30-chip bet. I placed a bet because I've got a good hand. I bet that's why Miyo-san did, too. So there's a good chance she doesn't have a three. Three. What? - Zero. - Zero. I guess I lose. That's the end of the first round. Miyo-chan has lost. Well. Can't be helped, I suppose. That's an awful hand. Definitely not a hand you'd bet 30 votes on. Right, Yomotsuki-san. Ready for the next round? Sure thing! Please return all the cards. Don't want to encourage cheating. When you gamble with us you will make sure you lose. Understand? You're a Mittens now, so do as you're told! Your brother is a Fido, too, isn't he? House pet siblings! What a joke! Leave him out of this! You damn house pet! She's a Mittens, we can do what we want to her. I'm well aware of this rule at the academy. You are still at liberty to choose to be sympathetic towards everyone. What? Who said you could let her go! Get your hands off me already! Such harsh words from such lovable lips. Hey, what are you... I will twist them. I guess you are victims, too. Gambling is a vicious poison that changes people. How can something this unbalanced be allowed? As long as both parties agree, and provided it is actually a gamble, you can bet what you want, how you want. Course, this doesn't come without strings. I have one condition. If you win and get the 100 votes, I want you to join me in this student presidential election. Pardon? Nothing can be forced upon the winner of a gamble, so I'll take it upon myself to follow you around. That's the price for 100 votes. And what if I lose? I've no intention of taking your vote. But if you lose, you will have to join me in this fight. It's not a bad offer. No matter the outcome, you will be within touching distance of the role of president. It's time to make your choice. If you want me to do something, you have to take this thing off. You're the spitting image of the president. But judging by the lack of self-confidence, you're two different people. You're twins, aren't you? The student council president has a twin. This may be a very valuable bit of info. It's no use trying to threaten me. Anyway, you need to choose. Left or right? It's obvious, isn't it? I refuse. No one would trust someone to watch their back who won't reveal their identity. I don't know who told you to do this, but tell me what you really want! What I want? I don't want anything. Oh, really. Then there is nothing more to discuss. Goodbye. That's no good. I will have to force you. Hey, Suzui? What's up? - Saotome! Are you still at school? - Yeah. I need your help! Without help, Yumeko will die. - What's the matter? - I don't know. The Momobamis told me to get someone with lots of votes here. I'll be right there. Forcing me, huh? I get it now. Pretty good, really. You have a lot of nerve! - Yumeko! - Saotome! She's been poisoned. During the match against these two, she suddenly became ill. It appears that her symptoms are consistent with poison. Oh my! And what evidence is there that we did it? I suppose pharmaceutics is the profession of both the Inbami and Yobami families. We can control who lives or dies. EPISODE 3 THE UNTOUCHABLE GIRL We could've easily done something like this. - So wonderfully blunt! - And what were you doing? If you knew these people were dangerous then you should have prevented it! Sorry! No can do! I can't do anything because I'm the monitor. I watched them closely, of course. But they did nothing suspicious. So, that means she was poisoned before she came in the room. If I altered my call due to external circumstances, it would destroy my neutrality. Enough! Call an ambulance now! Do you think that's wise? The most difficult aspect of treating a poison victim is identifying the poison. Taking too long to identify the poison could result in death. All right, then. Now that Ririka-san has joined us, shall we continue the gamble? I don't have any votes. I gave them all to Saotome. Therefore, Saotome... you'll do. You can play in place of Yumeko, and if you win, we'll give you the antidote. And if I lose? Then your votes will suffice. You do have a lot of them now, don't you? This is all going according to your plan, is it? You... If I win this bet, I get to punch you. I'm only taking part because of you, it's a small price to pay. I... I... Enough. I see you can't even decide that for yourself. I can't stand any more of this bullshit from you all. Sit down. I'll take you all on. How terrifying! If we're going to start again, let's add new rules. First, the antidote is worth 100 votes. And second, anyone who withdraws or gets over nine must prick their finger on these needles. Surely that can't be... They're coated in the same thing that poisoned Yumeko. I'm afraid neither of these rules is negotiable. I see. Effectively, a no-fold rule. No matter how bad the hand, you can't quit. So, what do you think? Do you agree to the new rules? You sure like to talk a lot. Spare me the commentary. Hurry up and start. If it's the only way to save Yumeko, then bring it on! You could've at least been a bit more hesitant. How adorably pathetic! They've decided to risk their own lives. No way anyone would agree to something like that. That's not daring. They live in a fantasy world. They've convinced themselves that they are saving their friend. But all that will happen is they'll part with an enormous number of votes. Gambling is boring. In the end, it is those that wield violence, who win. When you conquer the rules themselves, the rest comes easily. Okay. Time to deal. Your turn, Miyo-chan. Give me a number. - I'll go for 19. - Sure thing, 19. The second round will now commence! Hope you're all ready! People's lives are at stake here, you know. They are crazy! Family profession? Absolute neutrality? I shouldn't be taking part in this, but... Suzui-san. May I tell you something? I want you to listen carefully to what Mary-san says. If you do that, you'll have plenty of fun. Did Yumeko know something? Time to bet. Go ahead, Miri-chan. I bet 30 votes. This hand is... terrible! It's fatal to not have a single zero. If it gets to nine before my turn, I'll definitely lose. Call. Call. - Suzui, show your cards. - What? Hold on a minute. That would be collusion, which is definitely cheating. If you make it so obvious, I've no choice but to stop you. Sorry. That said, you won't be penalized for a mistake. For example, if you accidentally drop your cards for everyone to see. Fine by me, Suzui. Show everyone your cards. What? What did you just say? I said "show your cards to everyone." Get on with it, please. So we can win. I don't believe Saotome is lying. She wants to win without running the risk of getting herself poisoned. So she needs a scapegoat. Saotome's goal is to make him lose instead. No! Yumeko told me to listen to Saotome. So I will stay faithful to Yumeko. And believe Saotome. That is my... gamble! - Such determination! - My, oh, my. Vice president. This game will be... ours! I raise you 100 votes. Violence is still the best way of manipulating people. If I lose, there won't be enough. Yumeko, I... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 