The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 Arthur whisks a bachelorette off for a romantic date on White Island, but her future on The Bachelor is uncertain after she reveals a deal breaking secret. A surprise serenade makes one girl swoon and panic ensues at the cocktail party. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] (narrator) Previously on the "Bachelor.." ...Poppy fell for Arthur. [laughing] Landed a kiss. It's pretty much everything I hoped it would be and more. (narrator) But gave nothing away. Did you kiss? I pecked him on the cheek. - Good girl. - Just a little peck. (narrator) Danielle had a change of heart. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can't accept the rose that you've given me. - We love you! - We'll miss you! Bye roomie! [dramatic music] (narrator) And Christie left without a tear shed. - Where are the tears? - Why is no one crying? (Christie) It is a bit embarrassing. (Dani) What does she want us to say? Sorry, we'll start the waterworks now? [dramatic music] (narrator) Tonight on the "Bachelor.." an otherworldly escape.. It's like being in a movie. ...gets steamy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Arthur) The kiss was well worth the wait. (narrator) Before an explosive revelation. She basically drops a bombshell. It would've been helpful if she told me earlier. Evening. (narrator) And one bachelorette.. Got my binoculars on. ...breaks the golden rule at a drama-filled cocktail party. (Matilda) Oh, my God, she's all over it. I don't like that you've got glitter on your lips though. [dramatic music] (Arthur) There are only six girls left now which is very different from when there were 21. We've been on an amazing adventure and I feel like I'm getting closer to finding out who it is among these girls that I could fall in love with. - Hi, ladies. - Hi, Mike. Well a beautiful spot, six beautiful women and just one bachelor. Something's wrong about those numbers. Yeah, the ratio's a bit off. Well, the fight for Arthur's affections is certainly heating up and I'm sure this envelope of love is going to help. [laughing] Thanks Michael. (Chrystal) It's been getting so mixed up lately. I've no idea who this single date is gonna be for or if it's even a single date. I hope single, but, I definitely think it's a group date. Yeah, I'm the same, I'm hoping it's single. And that it's me. [laughing] "This could get steamy." - Ooh! - Oh! Oh my gosh. Wouldn't mind a bit of steamy date action. - Like those geysers-- - Like a hot spring? Yeah, I think maybe Rotorua or something? - It's a single date. - Ooh! (Natalie) A second single date is really valuable because we are nearing to the end. Not every girl's gonna get a date from now on. And the person going on this date is.. (Matilda) I definitely need a single date. Ah! Enough dramatic pause. - Hurry up. - Alysha. [cheering] Alysha. Not sure how I feel about that. - Something steamy! - Steamy! I'm a little bit surprised because her one wasn't too long ago. Maybe Art just wants a pash though because she did say that, not on the first date but maybe on the second date. - Have fun. - Get steamy! Don't miss me too much. (Alysha) I'm very excited. Since my first single date you know he has been on my mind and I have missed him. I get to Whakatane and there is Arthur and he's looking very dashing as per usual. - Hi! How are you? - A little bit nervous. - Are you? - Yeah. - You look nervous. - A little bit. - About flying in the chopper? - Yeah. (Arthur) I know that Alysha has a little bit of a problem with small aircraft but I've got something so exciting planned, I hope it's not gonna be a problem. You'll be fine, I'll be with you. You can squeeze my hand as tightly as you need to. It's really important that Alysha trusts me. For me, trust is a huge part of any relationship. - Here we go. - Oh, my God! (Alysha) The nerves start to kick in but it's nice to know that I have him near and that that sort of protective instinct is kicking in. Deep breaths, deep breaths. - How does this feel? - Oh, my God. Oh, my God. (Alysha) I do feel a lot safer when he's around to kind of hold my hand and take the pressure away. There you go, how you feeling now? - Good! - Yeah. Good now that we're not on an angle. [laughing] Yeah. - Look at the view. So lucky. - Gosh we're lucky. (Alysha) I look around and the scenery is just amazing. (Arthur) We're flying over the White Island and we're getting a bit closer and Alysha's getting really excited. [laughing] (Alysha) I can see this island, and I'm thinking what is it, are we landing on a volcano? Boom. It's like another planet. Like "Jurassic Park" or something. (Alysha) This is a one-off experience. I wanna get out and run around. We're gonna be like two little kids. [gasps] Look at the bubbling. [instrumental music] Here we are, why not. (Alysha) So we land on the island and there is a very active volcano beside me. (Arthur) Like walking on the moon. Such a unique experience. I feel so lucky being here with Alysha. You're like a little koala. (Alysha) I love spending time with Arthur. I think he is amazing. (Arthur) I feel like the spark that we had on our first single date is still there and I'm looking forward to seeing where it goes. [instrumental music] Fortunately we have our guide to show us around so that we don't accidentally fall into a hot pool. (Alysha) We walk up to the crater and all I can see is this beautiful color. (Arthur) Look at all the steam coming off. - Pluming. - Yeah. (Alysha) This is highly acidic, anything you throw in is gonna be disintegrated. (Arthur) White Island is incredible. It's really, really cool sharing it with Alysha. This is one of the most amazing days of my life. Do you think Alysha will come back with a rose? Yeah, I definitely think she will. Yeah, I think she will too. - I think Art really likes her. - Same. - Yeah. Damn her. - Damn it. [laughing] I think Dani looked a little bit bummed that it wasn't her on the single date. I think Dani really liked him like on the group date and stuff. It is quite hard to get a word in edge way. She is right there talking, so.. Like this? - Hi! - Hello! - Remember me? - I'm in a rush. Hi! I wonder if Alysha will pash him today. Yeah I feel like I'm the only one now that hasn't. - Pashed him. - Poppy is not going to. Oh, yeah, yeah. Poppy won't, no. (Dani) 'So don't worry.' [instrumental music] (Arthur) We hop back in the chopper. We fly out onto a cliff edge next to a Gannet colony. - Wow. - Wow. And it's absolutely epic. [instrumental music] Wow, this is actually pretty amazing. Yeah. (Arthur) We sit down for our picnic and Alysha seems to be holding back a little bit. (Alysha) There is one thing on my mind and I'm a very honest person there's something I need to tell him. My past isn't perfect, my life isn't perfect. Alysha basically drops a bombshell. [dramatic music] (Arthur) We sit down for our picnic and Alysha seems a little distracted. (Alysha) There is a little something that is weighing heavy on my mind and I feel like now is the right time to tell him. You know, I was living in Japan, right? Yeah, so I was living over there with my ex partner. So you married? Sorry. Alysha basically drops a bombshell. Legally on paper it's there but in terms of spiritually and all that kind of stuff, no. (Alysha) It's a sucky situation to be in. It's not a situation I thought I would be in but it is what it is. I guess a couple months later he decided he was.. ...didn't wanna be in anymore and wanted to be single and kinda leave me in the lurch a little bit. (Arthur) It's a lot to process and I think it would've been helpful if she told me earlier. - Yeah, it's a surprise. - Yeah, I bet, I bet. I guess when I woke up this morning I didn't think I'd be coming on a date with a married woman. [dramatic music] (Alysha) If he's not okay with this, then that's okay with me. He can send me home, no hard feelings. I don't want him to feel pressured about this. I mean, I wouldn't be okay if you still.. ...I guess, had feelings for your.. I don't. To be honest I don't. You're on my mind a lot. To be honest, yeah, like I've missed you. Yeah, and I've missed you too. 'Cause I like you. - I like you a lot, Alysha. - Oh! Thanks, but, oh, my God huge weight off my shoulder. This morning I was like, I'm loving this date but, oh, my God what if he's just like, no, just go. Oh! (Alysha) Arthur's the only man in my life. I'm hoping that we can build on that and see what happens. I don't like hiding stuff and I wanna be like I'm fully out straight, honest with everything. Yeah, thank you. [instrumental music] - Here you go my dear. - Thank you. And do you want some sconie-scone too? (Nat) While Alysha is on her date all of us girls are enjoying a high tea out on the deck. Mmh! That's not bad. Time's kinda running out for these single dates, you know? Because there's only so much time left and there's quite a lot of people to get through for single dates so.. ...I want another one. (Chrystal) I call Matilda, Suzy Homemaker. She would be a great girlfriend, wife slash grandmother. Speaking of dates, ladies. [cheering] Ta-da! "Who's really looking for a love match?" (Dani) 'Tennis.' (Chrystal) 'Oh, my God, it will be won't it?' A tennis game, a tennis match. Who's really looking for a love match? I am. I definitely think it's a single date if it's tennis. - 'Yes.' - Or we could go doubles. I'm really bad at tennis. I think there's definitely potential to fall in love with Arthur. Like I already like him a lot. - It's a group date. - 'Oh, okay.' First girl going on the group date is.. Matilda. [cheering] - Me. Yay! - 'Yay!' (Nat) If it's tennis, I'm quite happy with that 'cause it's something I can actually do. It's not a date that I'm gonna embarrass myself with. - Chrystal. - Yay. My ladies. (Chrystal) I definitely think I'll be stepping my game up a little bit. I just wanna spend time with Arthur and just make sure he knows how I feel. And lastly.. (Poppy) The girls that are going on this group date are going to be analyzed by him. - Dani. - Yay! [cheering] Time with Art, whether it's a group date or a single date is still time with Art, so I'm happy to be on it. [instrumental music] (Arthur) It's such a beautiful day, it seems like such a great idea to go for a swim in the sea. It's really nice at this stage to get quite close to Alysha. (Alysha) He pulls me out a little bit further and I kind of latch onto him at this little spot. I like him. I ask him, do you still want to kiss me? And he said, you know I've been wanting to kiss you all day. The kiss was well worth the wait. (Alysha) It's nice and that chemistry is there so tick that off the list, thank God. I've had such a great day today. Yeah, same. I don't wanna go back. Don't want it to end. (Arthur) Alysha and I have become a lot closer. The connection that I think we felt on the first date has progressed. I think the spark is definitely there. Very, very special, very romantic. [laughing] I have had such a great day today. Me too. And I wanna spend more time with you. - Yeah, so do I. Same. - I really like you. Alysha? Will you accept this rose? Definitely! Thank you. - I had so much fun. - Yeah. - Thank you. - You're welcome. (Alysha) I'm just feeling over the moon. I've got a rose. I know that I'm not going home. I'm feeling great. Alright, let's go. Wonder what Alysha has been up to. It's a shame she hasn't been here to join us. She's the one that's been missing out today. - 'Hey!' - 'Speak of the devil.' - Hello! - Hey, hey, hey. - And you got a rose! - Yes, got the rose. You know how it goes as they do. So we down to Whakatane and got a helicopter, flew me over to White Island it's like an active volcano. (Alysha) I'm waiting for the 20 questions and of course waiting for that good little chestnut of, "Did you kiss him?" The question we're all dying to know was there was a kiss? - Yes. Yep. - Ooh! (Chrystal) Alysha definitely looks like she's keeping a lot to herself. Full on pash or just a little.. No, just a kiss, you know. Just the standard kind. (Dani) Alysha's being very vague about her kiss. We're all kind of digging, but not getting much out of her. (Poppy) I'm feeling so sorry for Alysha right now. I am so glad I didn't tell the girls that I kissed Arthur, because they are grilling her. Intermediate level guys. We didn't reach high school. I kind of see that there's quite a connection between Art and Alysha, I think he quite likes her and I can see that she really likes him back. We're happy for you. Sounds like you had an awesome day. (Dani) I am developing strong feelings for Art as well as the other girls. And yeah. It's not fun having your heart broken. I'm just kind of hoping that if it does happen to me I can put on a brave face and handle it. [instrumental music] Oh, my God, there's Mike! (Matilda) It feels amazing to be going on dates and hanging out with everyone again, it's great. (Nat) We're in the middle of nowhere right now. There's no way we're playing tennis. We're thinking like what're we doing on this date? Welcome to the Old Forest School. 'Today it sets the scene for a whole' lot of things to do and of course there's plenty of treats in store too. [laughing] Art comes out and he is dressed in the cutest set of tennis whites. (Chrystal) I'm totally attracted to him, he is fun and he seems to not take himself too seriously. - Fancy a hit? - Yeah. Alright, let's get some rackets. I chose tennis for today's date because I love tennis and I wanted to see how the girls go. Good luck! I'll just be here if you need me. (Matilda) So disappointing, there's a lot of stuff that I can't do with a broken arm. Oh, my God, he's such a babe. I'm just trying to still have fun from the sidelines. Even more in the tennis outfit I think. Maybe come back a bit. Kind of stand there. I'm gonna lose the game for you. I cannot play tennis. And I'll just... cover the rest. Yeah, she can stand there and look pretty. Oh, my God, I haven't played tennis in like 10 years. Group dates are hard to get one-on-one time with Art because all the other girls are there it's quite awkward. - Whoo! - Oh! (Chrystal) I have no idea what Dani's connection to him is but she's pretty sure it's better than what everyone else has had. [laughing] (Matilda) Chrystal is hilariously bad. I can't control where these balls are going, sorry. (Nat) It's hard to play tennis with people who don't know how to play and Chrystal has no idea what she's doing. So, just testing my patience right now. (Arthur) 'Go Nat.' [instrumental music] [laughing] As soon as the ball come my way I would just start giggling and then totally miss it. The key thing is so, is you wanna get side on so if the ball's coming to you this way yeah, you wanna be side on just like that. (Chrystal) I haven't had a lot of time with Arthur. I would love more time with him. I really enjoy his company. And then, yeah, straight forward. So that backhand that you just did was actually pretty spot on. It was just a bit big. Alright. Sort it out, kiddin' me? (Mike) 'Game and match.' At least I'm consistent. The tennis finishes, thank God. At least you tried. The girls were grilling you yesterday. Yeah, it was a little bit high school. Do they really wanna know all of that information? - I don't think they do. - No, yeah.. Rhetorical questions, I don't know. I thought it was a little bit too much to be honest and I wasn't really that happy about answering it. Perhaps you should've kept it a bit more secret. Yeah, well I thought I was answering a question they wanted to know and then it kinda spiraled a little bit and.. You give them an inch, they take a mile. Yeah, got a little bit awkward. (Chrystal) After tennis, I think we've all worked up an appetite. Oh, my god, cute! (Nat) And we look over to the right and there's this funky burger van and it looks amazing. [indistinct chatter] This is our menu. Can I act kind of fancy, and hold the bun? (Nat) I don't think this is Chrystal's ideal date. She wasn't too good at the tennis and now we're being served up burgers. - That's me, thanks so much. - For Dani. Oh, my God that's huge, thank you. - That's as big as your face. - Yeah. Looks like a face burger. It's pretty close to the size of your face. - It actually is. - Yeah. (Dani) I am feeling a little bit insecure if I'm being honest, I just don't know where I stand with Art right now because he has made these strong connections with other girls. - Cheers. - Cheers, guys. And to this lovely dinner date, thank you. Thank you for taking us, it's been awesome. It's an absolute pleasure to have you all here. Hey burger people? Can I just biff one of those macaroons in there. Excuse me. No, we're saving those for dessert. Chrystal is high maintenance. Can I have a knife and a fork? Burger people, burger people. I was like, who calls people that? It's so rude. So sorry but we only have knives. You don't have a fork in there? Okay, cool, thank you. Who eats burger with knife and fork? Like these are old school burgers you gotta get your hands in there, Chrystal. Not a burger person, Chrystal? No? I definitely am fussy with what I eat. - Well that was delicious. - All of it amazing. Couldn't even finish it, so surprised. Chrystal, do you wanna join me up in the old school house? - Yes, I would love to. - Yeah? - Please excuse us. - See ya! I don't know what's going on in the old school house but I'm sure we'll hear all about it when they're back. [instrumental music] Chrystal? Do you wanna join me up in the old school house? - Yes, I would love to. - See ya! I kind of think maybe it's because he's not so sure about her. Ah, it's nice just to be with you instead of the rest of the girls. - Welcome to the classroom. - An apple for the teacher. (Arthur) I choose Chrystal for the one-on-one time because I still don't quite get her. - Is that you? - That's me. - This is really special. - It is. (Arthur) I'm hoping that by showing Chrystal a little bit about me growing up that she will then open up about herself and perhaps be a bit more genuine. What is this? "Arthur Hlavac Green relates very well "to his peers and staff members and is a hard worker." It definitely looks like Arthur was a very good boy. Generally on all my dates, I do ask for sort of references. - Oh, do you? Good. - Yeah. I'm glad that you brought this. Yeah, cool. I was watching while we were all having kind of the dinner together and I just felt like you two get along with him really, really well like, you guys have a joke and have a bit of a laugh and just like, it's just really, really normal and casual and I don't feel like I.. ...can just talk to him about anything. Just wanna ask why I'm still here. - You should ask him. - Yeah, you should. I don't know, I just don't feel like I'm at the same level as the other five girls here. - He obviously thinks you are. - Yeah, exactly. There's potential for definitely more than friendship there but I just feel like a lot of the girls are like a mile ahead of me. This is back when I was 11, so I wrote this. "At the age of 26," which is now "I will get married and have three children. My hobbies will be sports and woodwork." [laughing] That is super funny. Let me see some more of these photos. Just me, just with my little bowl cut. (Chrystal) It was really nice to see how he was growing up. Who did this haircut? Uh, looks like I might've done that one. (Arthur) I'm starting to change my impression of Chrystal. She's not quite the ice queen that I thought she was. Would you like a gold star? There's some gold stars here. Yeah, I'd love a gold star. Stick that there. So there's a little insight into my early years. (Chrystal) It was really nice that Arthur wanted to share his childhood with me. - Hey strangers. - Hello. - Oh, hey girls. - Hey. - Come and join the tea party. - Ice cream party. Can you hook me up with some M&Ms;? So I've just had a rundown of Arthur's childhood. And I just want you girls just to know like, don't worry about a thing he has very good recommendation from his year eight teacher and also his high school principle. Oh, that's really cool. [laughing] (Chrystal) I'm definitely up for a bit of competition. He needs to know that you're serious and stepping your game up means opening up. - Hey, Nat? - Yeah? I was wondering if you'd like to join me over this way? - Sure, yeah, let's go. - Watch your head. (Nat) I'm a little bit surprised but really happy that he wants to speak to me. (Arthur) I still feel like I haven't really got to know Nat properly so I've got a surprise in store for her and hopefully it'll bring us a little bit closer. Oh, my God! Tiki Taane is playing the guitar. ♪ Not searching for second best ♪ ♪ Won't take nothing no less than you ♪ Tiki Taane. ♪ Girl it's got to be you yeah ♪ (Nat) And I am just speechless right now. ♪ And today I'm coming home to you ♪ My heart is beating like a million miles. (Arthur) Nat's reaction to seeing Tiki Taane is exactly what I hoped it would be. She's absolutely blown away and I can see she's really enjoying it. ♪ A warm smile ♪ ♪ Spreads across my face ♪ ♪ And every time ♪ She was like this. I mean, if that doesn't say I want a pash then I don't know what will. Thank you, I'm loving this. ♪ Someone like you ♪ Close that door. (Arthur) Nat is such an amazing girl but she just always seems to be really stressed and a little bit awkward. ♪ I love your way yeah ♪ [clapping] (Arthur) The night's almost come to an end and we're just about to head off but I feel like I wanna spend a little bit more time with Nat. Oh, we're down here. Oh, wow. Because I still haven't really found out where her head's at. Like what do you like look for in someone or what? I want someone who's driven. Someone who's got a sense of humor. Yeah, and someone who's just relaxed and doesn't take themselves too seriously. That's pretty good. And I feel like you kinda fit the bill. [laughing] That's kinda cool. (Arthur) I really wanna see if she can just kinda relax and potentially fit into a life with me. Nat, how do you feel about me? I really like you. You kinda just grow on me more and more and more each week, if that makes sense. (Arthur) You know I'm feeling quite close and comfortable around Nat to the point where I think we're gonna kiss. I could actually just fall asleep right now. But it kind of just doesn't happen. How are you feeling about everything right now? Well I was actually feeling okay until just then. (Nat) I let the nerves get the best of me yet again and the conversation didn't finish how I would've liked it to have finished. Hey. It's okay. It's okay. (Arthur) I really do like Nat, she is amazing and stunning and beautiful and she's just so not used to hearing it. [instrumental music] (Arthur) I have some very strong feelings for a number of these women. I know that I'm gonna have to let one of them go tonight. - Evening. - Hello. - How are we all? - Good. - How are you? - I'm very well, thanks. (Dani) As always, Arthur's looking pretty damn hot. - 'No tie tonight?' - No tie tonight. - Smart cas. - Smart cas. - Smasal. - Smasal. You're a bit underdressed to be honest. I feel underdressed looking at you ladies. All of the girls aren't taking anything for granted. They are all thinking that it could be them going home tonight, and me included. (Arthur) 'Dani, I was wondering if I could steal you away.' - You sure can. - Yeah? What am I supposed to say Chrystal? Sorry, this is really boring, I'm just gonna steal Art away. (Chrystal) I've overheard a few of the girls not being very happy with how Dani is so sure of Arthur's feelings for her. It's pretty presumptuous. It's getting really hard 'cause I've seen everyone here now as like someone that you're interested in and that you have connections with and so it just gets a bit like scary I guess. I just feel like we have so much in common and like we're so similar in personality and just like lifestyle as well. (Dani) I don't know if he still feels like that with me or if we've hit this plateau so yeah, hopefully I can get some reassurance soon. I really wanna be here and I'm like really serious about this and I want you to know that. And so yeah, and so all I can do now is just keep being myself yeah, and hopefully that's enough to keep me here. I feel like you're being yourself, which I really like and I really like you. Oh good, good! - Yeah. - That makes me happy. (Dani) I think it is possible I could fall in love with Art, it's definitely looking positive. So, nice. I really wanna kiss you but I don't want the girls to see me. [instrumental music] Suddenly it just goes silent from underneath the balcony so I just have a really quick little peek over. Oh, my God, she's all over it. She's sealing her place here. Really? Seeing Art kiss someone else is not nice. Got my binoculars on. (Poppy) There's definitely a time and place and a cocktail party with five other girls upstairs isn't it. [instrumental music] I missed that. I won't lie. Yeah, so did I. (Arthur) I made a genuine connection with each of these girls so tonight's gonna be incredibly difficult saying goodbye to one of them. - 'Hi, popsicle.' - Hi. Um, may I talk to Arthur? Of course you can. Thank you so much for that chat. Oh, you're welcome, thank you. - Have fun! - Thanks darling. (Poppy) It's not in my nature to fight for somebody or to make somebody fall in love with me if clearly they have more connection with somebody else. I'm feeling really good, I'm really happy to still be here thanks for having me still here. Well, yeah. Obviously you're still here 'cause I like you. Good. Back at you. The chat was amazing actually. Basically he just like you're amazing, I think I get along with you I can see myself with you after this I'm feeling really at ease with you and yeah and you should feel the same and we've got a good connection and don't worry. Dani's pash has pissed everyone off a little bit so I think maybe claws are out. Can you imagine us being together? Like in the real world? Yeah, I can, I think that we'd work pretty well together and just be able to laugh about everything. (Poppy) I will definitely not be changing my tactics. I'll carry on being me. It seems to have got me this far. Thanks for coming and talking to me. - Always. - I know you're still here. How could I forget you, Poppy? (Arthur) I know that we've had a pretty intense connection from early on. I think she is finding it hard seeing me also connecting with some of the other girls. Such a beautiful view, the sun's about to go down. Chrystal, do you wanna join me down there and enjoy the view? - Oh, lovely, I would love to. - Yeah? This is like a job interview position being Arthur's wife. I find you hard to read. - Really? Okay. - Yeah. I'm still not sure if I've like, figured you out. - Okay. - Yeah. So I feel like you're.. ...sarcastic so often I don't know if you're like really I don't know, I just, I'm not sure I'm not sure about you 100% yet. I don't know, well I think maybe.. ...I do try and not be so serious. So maybe my sarcasm is probably just a front. (Chrystal) I do hide behind a little bit of sarcasm but I'm definitely here for the right reasons. It's definitely a different approach for me like being here is all about like talking about your feelings like, who are you where are you from, what are you about? That's different, talking about your feelings so much, huh? - Yes, all these feelings. - I know. I stumbled into some feelings the other day and then I blew that **** off-- Did you? I'm joking. Sorry, sarcasm, I take it back. (Chrystal) I never thought I did have commitment issues but maybe I'm starting to see I do. Acknowledgement is the first step to changing anything, right? Whatever happens from now on, I think everyone's just gonna be happy for the other people. To a certain extent. [laughing] - 'Good 'ol ****' - 'Make no mistake.' You'll be so happy but like personally like I'll be gutted. I'll be really, really gutted. Can you see a future with me? I don't think I would still be here if I didn't see a future with you. But, I think we've been on one date so I do need to see, I don't know. How do you feel? I feel similar, I feel the same way. I feel like I can definitely see a future with you. - Yes. - Yeah. (Chrystal) I definitely wanna see what can happen with Arthur. I'm totally attracted to him, he's a fun guy and I would love to see where this is going. (Nata) Did I just see Arthur grab Alysha away? - I think he did. - Sneaky little devil. That's interesting. I mean it is a little bit selfish. We've got limited amount of time at the cocktail party so the girls who don't have roses should take top priority. Do you still feel that you kinda wanna talk to Art tonight or just gonna sit back and see what happens? Yeah, I'm just quite content with what happens. You know everything happens for a reason and we'll just go from there. (Matilda) I started the night really wanting to talk to Arthur but I'm just getting more and more tired and a little bit grumpy to be honest. If I go down there I'm like "Hey do you wanna talk?" I'm just gonna be like, hey. I'm just, I've got nothing archived yet. I'm just gonna be like, "How are ya?" Yeah, I just want you to know that I really have quite strong feelings for you. You know what I want and you know where I'm at with things. - Yeah. - Good. I don't like that you've got glitter on your lips, though. - Really? - Yeah. (Alysha) I am here for Arthur, I am here for love. I'm not a good sharer. But at the same time, you need to protect your heart because you know, there is a very real possibility you're gonna be heart broken. You're a good guy. You got a good heart. So do you. I could, I could.. That's what I like about you. Like you know, if we did end up together I know that you would be so loyal. And you know I could never imagine not trusting you when you're being honest with me which to me those are three things that I'm looking for. I get the same sort of vibe from you as well. And I think those things are pretty key to build on from, yeah, those are sort of the foundations of a pretty solid relationship. If you're looking for someone to spend the rest of your life with. (Arthur) I feel like I've really gotten to know these girls a lot better which helps me out so much because I've got such a tough decision going into the next rose ceremony. [instrumental music] - Ladies, good evening. - Hi. Twenty-one when we first started. Now we're down to just six. 'Obviously you've all become very close to each other' but have you come close enough to Arthur to stay tonight? (Poppy) Alysha is in a wonderful position. She can just sit and relax whilst we all quake in our boots. (Mike) 'For the five of you without roses' Arthur tonight has four to hand out. 'Good luck. Here's Arthur.' [instrumental music] (Nat) It's just completely overwhelming. It's definitely starting to feel like a small group now. I came into this not really knowing what I was getting myself in for. And if I thought it was hard at the start I had no idea. (Dani) Oh, I'm hoping my name gets called out. Honestly, waiting that long is just absolutely excruciating. (Matilda) If I went I would be really upset 'cause I feel like it would just be such a waste of something that could be really awesome between us. (Chrystal) Arthur can't read me and hasn't figured me out so I definitely could be going home tonight. Dani. My name's called out and I'm first for once thank God. Pash equals rose. Good strategy Dani, well played. Dani, no, I haven't forgotten you. - Thank you. - Will you accept this rose? Of course I will, thank you so much. (Dani) For him to reassure me not only to me but in front of everyone else that he hasn't forgotten about me was really sweet. (Nat) I think we're getting to the stage now where there's only a few girls left and we're getting worried that our feelings will get hurt. Chrystal. (Chrystal) It's a little bit surprising. (Matilda) A lot of us can't really see Chrystal and Art's connection. Chrystal, you revealed yourself to me tonight and I feel like I got to know the real you better. - Will you accept this rose? - Yes, I will. I'm still here for another week ladies. I was certain I wasn't going home, but now I'm not. (Nat) I think I could be going home tonight. [instrumental music] (Poppy) It just feels like the ground is slowly rising. Matilda. (Matilda) Finally my name is called so my grumpiness didn't affect anything too much. - Will you accept this rose? - Love to, thanks. Oh, my God, Arthur. Why? Why me again last two? (Nat) I'm not feeling overly confident. (Chrystal) The tension is crazy. Basically I don't think I heard any of them breathe. [instrumental music] Poppy. (Matilda) As soon as Poppy's name is called and I see that Nat's going I'm just gutted. Just this feeling of sadness. Poppy, will you accept this rose? - I will, thank you Arthur. - Thank you. (Dani) Poppy has the final rose. And while I'm happy for her I'm absolutely devastated that it means Nat's going home. [instrumental music] Natalie. You did not receive a rose tonight, so you will be leaving the French country house immediately. It's time for your goodbyes. Thank you so much for everything. It's been so much fun and I think you're great and I think all the girls are great and no matter what happens it's gonna be a really, really fun ride from now on. Thanks, Nat. I just want you to know that you are so beautiful and you're gonna make someone so happy. And I just wish you all the best. Thank you so much. - Thank you. - Thanks. (Nat) Kinda kicking myself 'cause I had a barrier up pretty much the entire time and sadly, you know, you're not gonna stay around if you're not letting other people in. (narrator) Tomorrow night on the "Bachelor.." Arthur lifts old fashioned romance to a new level. (Arthur) Sitting on the outside of a plane was incredible. (narrator) And lands a priceless moment. That was way overdue. A group date with a difference. I'm so worried now. Sends the girls into a tailspin. That is a really weird date. (narrator) And at the cocktail party, emotions spill over.. I kinda wanna punch you right now. ...as secrets come to the surface. I don't really like being called a liar. Is this directed at me? Can we all just kiss him and be happy? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 