The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Sparks fly when one bachelorette is whisked off on a single date that gets off to a flying start. At the mansion the girls struggle with the new connections that are being made, and passion fails to fire on the group date. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (narrator) Previously on "The Bachelor." - Oh, my God. - 'Heh-heh.' Are you serious? Arthur gave Amanda a sunset surprise. (Amanda) I thought I'd been on a perfect date before, until this day. (narrator) But her late arrival back at the mansion raised suspicion. Did you kiss him on the face? [dramatic music] (Lisa) I saw her looking to the left andthat's a dead sign that she's lying. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (narrator) Then on the group date the pressure proved too much for Poppy. I can't do this anymore. Later, Chrystal and Lisa turned on each other. The only reason you're still here is 'cause you're the wild card. Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? [dramatic music] And at the rose ceremony there were tears as Lisa was sent home. (Chrystal) She was like, "I'll mention mum." (narrator) Tonight Arthur and Dani put their connection on the line.. - Shall we race? - I'm gonna smoke you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...rushing headlong into a steamy first date. You're lovely. I wanna kiss you. But will she accept and trigger panic at the mansion? Did you get the kiss? The girls shoot for Arthur's heart.. (Kristie) I'm gonna pull out all the stops and win the bachelor's affection. (narrator) ...as the group date sets Cupid's arrow in motion. And at the rose ceremony who will fall short of the target? (Amanda) Back on the chopping block. [dramatic music] [instrumental music] (Arthur) I've spent the last two years focusing solely on my career. But because of that, there's definitely something missing in my life, and that's love. I'm looking for a girl who shares the same interests as me someone who has a great sense of adventure and loves discovering new things. [intense music] - Hi! - Hi! - 'Hello, ladies!' - Hi. We started with 21 beautiful women 'now we're down to 13.' Well, there's still plenty of opportunities to make an impression on the bachelor. So I suggest you make every second count. And I'm sure this will help. Yes, it will. Give me that card. [all laughing] Thank You, Chrystal, I'll leave that with you. And, I will see you ladies later. - Thank you. - 'See ya.' I really hope it's a single date and I really hope it's me on there. (Brigette) It's quite exciting whenever a date card comes in. I am always hoping my name might be called out. - Ooh. - The slow chase. If it was me, I would absolutely be ecstatic. "Love's an adventure. Love an adventure." - Ooh-ooh. - 'I knew it.' (Chrystal) 'It's gonna be an adrenaline date.' - 'Yeah.' - Single date. - 'Yeah.' - Ooh. [dramatic music] (Natalie) I'm hoping she's gonna call my name. I'd love to get called for the single date, for sure. [dramatic music] And it is me. Oh, look at that. [all laughing] [laughs] As soon as Chrystal says, "Oh, it's me, great." I just think, "Oh, really, out of everyone?" It's Dani. [all cheering] My name is on the date card! I'm going on a single date today, whoo. - 'Oh.' - 'Congrats.' Oh, my God, so excited. - Bye. - Have a good adventure! This is gonna be a really crucial day for getting to know each other better and seeing where our connection can go. [instrumental music] Love as an adventure could be anything. I'm just really hoping I'm not jumping out of an airplane today. (Arthur) I chose Dani for the date today because I just felt a connection with her. I just want to spend more time with her and get to know a bit better and find out if she feels the same way that I do. (Dani) Art standing in front of the helicopter there's not much more you can ask for. It was pretty breathtaking. - Hello! - Hi. There's still that connection there between us and it was just really nice to see him. - So excited! - Yes, good! So am I! Crazy. - Step on up, me lady. - Thank you. (Arthur) The kinda girl I'm after is someone who is up for an adventure and doesn't mind pushing their boundaries. Lock her in. Dani ticks both of those boxes. [laughing] Dani and I are quite close physically. We are holding hands. It's just really nice. Oh, my God, this is such a beautiful day. Yeah, it's so nice. There's a little bay. It's cute, eh? - Oh, wow. That's really cool. - Yeah. I'm feeling such a good connection between me and Art. (Arthur) What I'm feeling on the helicopter ride is something more than what I've felt for any of the other girls. This is exciting. (Arthur) 'Ah, here we go!' 'It's so cool that we have this island' 'so close to Auckland.' Dani's told me that she's never been to Waiheke Island. I find that quite amazing for someone who's grown up in Auckland. So I'd like to be there with her on her first experience on Waiheke. I have no idea what we're doing, but if it starts off with a helicopter ride, it must be good. (Dani) I see some wires stretched out over the canopies of the trees and I'm like, "I know exactly what we're doing." Alright! You can tell Dani's really excited. I can see it in her eyes, they kinda light up. Have you been zip lining before? No, never have. - You'll love it! - So excited. (Arthur) You make that harness look good. Well, thanks. - Done. - Fair enough. Let's go. Let's go. (Dani) The instructor tells us we are going to be getting up to speeds over 65 kilometers an hour. [dramatic music] - Should we race? - I'm gonna smoke you. [both laughing] If I scrunch myself up and put a little cannonball when I'm going down then I'll go, like, the speed of a bullet. Go! [laughing] [screaming] The look on his face was just like.. [dramatic music] And, yeah, I won. [chuckling] I've gotta try and push you over and you've gotta try and push me over. Okay, go. [both laughing] (Arthur) I feel completely comfortable in Dani's presence. She just makes you feel so at ease. Oh, you're too good at this game for me. I know. Oh.. I'm feeling pretty good especially with a win under my belt. (Dani) But, hey, there's more zip lines to go. Make sure you're faster this time. This is an all-out race, this one. There's good banter between us and I think the competition aspect is just adding a little bit more. How competitive are you, Dani? I am competitive to a certain extent. - Yeah. - 'Yeah. You don't like losing?' - No. - Do you not take it very well? I take it fine, but I prefer to win. Three, two one, go! (Dani) I tried to be cheeky, and I haven't specified whether we go on one or go. Technically, I don't think that means I cheated. (Arthur) 'Whoa!' Yeah, hard luck, Art. - Congratulations. - Thank you. - For winning? - Yes. - For winning. - Well done. (Arthur) I pick up some good facts just before. - 'Did you? Okay.' - 'Yeah, about lancewoods.' Oh, yeah, actually, there's one there. - Where? - This one here. - Oh, it's so cute. - Yeah, it's a little baby one. I don't care about the trees, I just care about Art. Early botanists thought they were two different species. But it's really cute that he is trying to teach me things. - That's so interesting. - Yeah. He has nailed it with this date. This is exactly what I would have picked for a first date. So I'm so happy. ♪ Gotta be gotta be me ♪♪ [instrumental music] Dani got the single date today. - She did. - Lucky girl. (female #1) 'I think Dani's definitely quite smitten on him.' She is quite serious about him already. I would be completely surprised if she came home without a rose. I think that she likes him, and he likes her quite a bit so she'll be, she'll be getting a rose. 'I'm a little jealous that they have that bond 'cause' they have spent quite a bit of time together already. So, obviously, they're just gonna keep building and building and building. 'Time that they're getting that we're not' that the gap, it's just gonna get bigger and bigger. (narrator) Coming up.. My attraction to Dani is growing by the minute. Arthur makes a play for Dani. I wanna kiss you. But will Dani spill the beans? Did you get the kiss? Some girls maybe, should just keep it to themselves. [dramatic music] There is more, apparently, to this date which I am so happy about. This was so much fun. I don't wanna go back to the house. I'd quite like to get to know Dani a little bit more in a more romantic setting. So I've set up a wee picnic and we're gonna get a bit closer. This is lovely. Thank you, this is awesome. - Cheers, Dani. - Cheers. Thank you so much for today. It was kick ass, I loved it. (Arthur) I think that my attraction to Dani is growing by the minute. What's your, like, five-year plan? I think like 31 or 32 I do want to have some kids. - Yeah? That's really nice. - Yeah. Yeah. - Anymore travel in your sights? - Yeah, definitely. (Dani) I think it's really important to see what people wanna do in the next five years just so you can see if you're on a similar level. Like, what are the qualities in a girl that you kind of look for? Sense of humor is so big for me. Yeah, someone you can have a laugh with. - Yeah. - Go on adventures. Go on adventures. Do you reckon you'd tick those boxes? [chuckling] I think I do. Okay, good. We are becoming a lot closer a lot more touchy, a lot more flirty which is a nice kind of progression for the date. I've been, like, so pleasantly surprised. - Yeah? - Kinda like first impressions.. You just look like a blonde bombshell. You know? And then there's, like, just so much more to you. - Oh, thank you. - You've got a lot going on. Thank you. That's actually, it's-it's really nice to hear. Every rose ceremony I've almost felt like I was gonna faint. I think you, like, feel everyone's tension, as well. I can probably make it feel a bit better for you in the next one. The vibe between us is very close and very romantic at this part so I knew something was coming. I have wanted to give Dani a rose from the moment I saw her this morning. - Dani? - Yes? - Will you accept this rose? - I will accept this rose. - Thank you so much. - Thank you. Thank you. Really had the most amazing day today. - You have no idea. - Yeah, so have I. I had been thinking about wanting to kiss her for a few minutes. (Arthur) I was just looking into her beautiful eyes and I'm pretty nervous. - I wanna kiss you. - Go ahead. I think it's really cute how he asked me and didn't just go for it. - Can I? - Of course you can. And so we kissed. It was amazing. Yeah, it felt electric. I could probably do that all day. - You're lovely. - Thank you. So are you. I cannot contain myself. Just, like, really looking forward to getting to know you a lot better, and spending more time with you and.. Yeah. - I hope you feel the same. - I do. [instrumental music] So, guys, what do you think that Dani's doing on her date today? Yeah, I think she's gonna get a kiss. - She'll get a kiss. - 'Yeah.' [dramatic music] (female #2) 'There she is!' She she walks up with this little fake, little sad face. - It didn't go that well. - You're lying. - You're absolutely.. - 'No, you're lying.' [all cheering] I hope that they will be happy for me. I think they will be. There's a helicopter waiting with Art outside 'and he says to me, "We're going somewhere' you've never been before." It's a little bit hard hearing Dani talk about her date because she's really talking it up. Oh, my God, it's like a movie. And I said, "I knew exactly where it was." I was like, "We're going to Waiheke Island, aren't we?" He's like, "Yes, we're going to Waiheke Island." I have a feeling that Dani is very much falling for Arthur. And walked up to the top of hill and it was zip lining. - Oh! - 'Yeah.' After that we had like a little picnic, like, on the hill. That was our date, and I got a rose. But the key question is, did you get the kiss? [dramatic music] I did. [cheering] Boo! [laughing] I can imagine it would affect Poppy and Matilda because they've had a single date. It's not easy to hear that Dani kissed Arthur. First kiss of the girls. [cheering] (Matilda) If I had kissed Art on our date I don't think I would come back to the house and announce it in front of everyone. It just comes across a little bit braggy. [dramatic music] I don't want to hear those things. [dramatic music] - Coming up.. - Pull! (narrator) On the group date, the girls set their sights on Arthur's heart. (Amanda) Arthur is my number-one priority. [dramatic music] [instrumental music] - Hello! - Hi! Look what I've got! [all cheering] So Carrisa opens the envelope for the group date. "Aim high, shoot straight, can't miss." - 'Archery.' - Ooh, archery. - 'Archery.' - Archery. - 'Don't shoot him.' - Really? (Matilda) I definitely think I'm gonna be on this group date just because I haven't really seen him since-since our single date. I haven't really had any time to chat with him. I have not been out of the mansion for some time now. I've been on one other group date so I'm really, really hoping that my name is on it. So the first person from the group date is.. "...Matilda." [all cheering] I really would love just to have some quality time, you know? Second person, "Shivani." - 'Ah!' - Yay! (Kristie) I haven't had a one-on-one date. I've just caught us a few times and we've had a wee chat. And... "Brigette." And I'm thinking, I hope I haven't been left out this time. [dramatic music] "Kristie." - 'Yay!' - 'Kristie..' If you don't get a one-on-one, I will take a group date over sitting at home. "Danielle B." - 'Alright!' - Man, it's good to know. I feel such a sense of relief because I really wanna be there. - "Poppy." - Yay! I'm really excited, and it's something to do with aiming and shooting. And "Natalie." - Yay! - 'Yay, Nat.' (Shivani) The names on the cards just keep going and I'm starting to think it's gonna be everyone. [dramatic music] "Amanda." - Yay. - Yay. I noticed a lot of names on there, which makes me think that it's some kind of team thing. And "Hayley." [all cheering] (Hayley) Happiness, butterflies, rainbows. [laughing] And last, but definitely not least.. [dramatic music] ...me. [all laughing] So that's a lot of people, but who-who's gonna stay? (Carrisa) Pretty much the group date was everyone except for Alysha and Chrystal. I think Chrystal may have been feeling a bit disappointed. I'm not bummed at all that my name is not on the card especially with the sheer volume of the girls going on the date. Happy to set this one out. [instrumental music] I'm really excited about today. I've got ten of the girls coming out to Waiheke Island where I've got some activities planned. Ladies, welcome to Wild on Waiheke! Today we'll discover whether you truly are aiming for love. - Ooh. - Ooh. Your mission is to get the highest score on the clay laser range. And your reward? A one-on-one archery session amongst the vines with Arthur. - 'Ooh!' - 'Ooh!' I wanna win. I wanna win Arthur. (Hayley) I'd love to get the archery date with Arthur and get to know him a bit better 'cause I still haven't had enough time with him. - Let's do it. - Yee-haw! [all laughing] Hold this up to your shoulder, put it in there. I think Kristie is definitely the one to beat because her family has lots of guns and she's a bit of a country girl. (Kristie) I've been clay-target shooting once before with my uncle shot up three targets, got them all, and I walked away. I made sure that going into this today that I wore my correct contacts. Oh, left leg forward a little bit as well. He just came over, probably, 'cause I was looking particularly helpless, and I thought "Wow, that's just a really endearing side of him that I hadn't seen before." Alright, ladies, let's see what you've got! [laughing] (Shivani) I'm kinda excited because I've never done clay-bird shooting before. But it's with a laser gun, so it's not bullets or anything. (Arthur) Poor Shivani looked absolutely dwarfedby that big gun. Relying on beginner's luck, really. (Arthur) 'Ready?' Pull! [gunshots] (Arthur) 'Oh, yeah, Hayley takes the lead.' Dad would be proud. I am secretly very competitive. - 'How are you getting on?' - Oh, you know.. - I'm just gonna wing it. - There you go, yay, yes! (Arthur) Poor Brigette didn't start off too well. - So you gotta, you.. - Ah, sorry. - Yeah, I see. - 'Yeah, there you go.' If I'm this bad, imagine me at archery. It's probably a really good idea that I'm not winning this. - You need this. - And I need a miracle. And you need to reload. - Round two. - Pull! [gunshots] - Ah! - Oh.. - Brigette! - Yes, I got one! [all laughing] Well done! (Mike) 'This is the final round.' [dramatic music] [gunshots] Oh, Hayley again! - See! - 'Smokin' it!' It looks as though the winner of this round was Hayley. [cheering] (Kristie) Am I gutted? Yeah. That's alright, you know, he might have something more special planned for me and him. But we're gonna have to wait until the next group of ladies to see if you'll go on the one-on-one archery session with Arthur. Sweet ass. Ladies, are you ready? - Yeah. - We're ready! Good luck, let's go! (Arthur) 'Good luck.' Pull! [gunshots] - 'Gun one, Amanda.' - Amanda! - Amanda. - What a shot! Arthur is my number-one priority. Five points in the lead. (Amanda) So I was really trying to hit those laser birds. - What are you shooting at? - 'I'm shooting at the machine.' [laughing] (Hayley) Watching the second group go was just a little bit nerve-racking. Pull! - Poppy and Carrisa! - Oh, yay! (Arthur) 'Well done.' So surprisingly I keep hitting them which is amazing. - Two rounds to go. - Pull! [gunshots] - 'Ooh!' - Ah! Carrisa! (Arthur) I was really surprised with Carrisa. She looked so incredibly awkward holding that gun yet she managed to shoot quite a few targets. Carrisa, you're the only person that can win. Carrisa, it's on, eh? (Hayley) I'd definitely feel devastated if I don't win. Last round, ladies. Carrisa, this could be yours. You've got to beat Hayley's score of 15. (Carrisa) I never thought I'd be able to win this or let alone shoot the target. (Hayley) I'm quietly confident and relying on good karma to get me through. And pull! [gunshots] Oh! - Oh, no! - Oh! So close, Carrisa. But Hayley, congratulations! - You have won time with Arthur! - Whoo-hoo! (Carrisa) So I am a little bit gutted that I didn't get that one-on-one time with Arthur but at least I lost to Hayley 'cause she hasn't had any time with him. - Heh-heh. - Well done! Yeah, for once I'm feeling yay! I actually win something! I win Arthur! (narrator) Next, all eyes fall on Hayley. They look to be quite close, yeah. But will Arthur fall for her? [dramatic music] [instrumental music] (Arthur) I'm really happy that Hayley won. It's really nice to find out more about her. Alright, and bring it back even further. (Hayley) I love the fact that he's so close to me and showing me how to hold the bow and load the arrow. - Oh! That was neat! - That was s.. That was so good. Bull's-eye! I love it when he's having his shot that I get to see his muscle all tensed. He's got the guns out today, doesn't he? - He does have nice arms. - Yeah. Ooh, blue. (Arthur) I can see a couple of the girls having a peek through the vines. It's sort of a bit weird kind of like watching their alone time when we've both had full alone time. - I know. - You know? (Hayley) I would have preferred if the girls weren't so close. We could've been a little bit more intimate just the two of us. - They look to be quite close. - Yeah. (Matilda) 'I wonder if he's gonna start being, like' "Oh, and this is how you do it just-just like that." [cheering] It's amazing! That was awesome. - Hugs! - Yeah. Awe, she looks really happy, please. Alright, let's collect the arrows. Oh, yeah. So how do you guys feel about Hayley getting the one-on-one time? I'm so happy for her. Me too, but I kinda wish it was me. And I wish I was better at shooting that gun, I really do. Even my arm's a bit like, whoo. - Yeah. - That's something different. - Yeah, sore tomorrow. - Yeah. I didn't receive a rose, uh after the one-on-one archery session with Arthur. - We'll find it later. - Yeah! She is the first girl that hasn't received a rose after a one-on-one with Arthur. I think maybe Art just wasn't feeling it didn't really feel there was a connection there. (Hayley) It makes me feel, like, a little bit gutted a little bit disappointed, um.. Yeah, what more can be said? [instrumental music] So who do you think is going home tonight? I hope it's not two, I really hope that it's one. - Really? - 'Yeah.' Well, 'cause then I'll be going. - No! - No, you won't. (Dani) I think everyone's really nervous tonight. I mean, it's getting more and more tense with every rose ceremony coming up. So who's pouncing on him tonight, girls? - Matilda is. - Are you? Yeah, that's my game plan. Just go and climb him like a tree. Gonna climb him like a tree, yeah. (Matilda) I feel like I haven't really talked to him at all this week. So whether it's nabbing him as soon as he's free or cutting in, I'm just gonna do it. I have to. I'm not starting anything this week. You're retiring from your comments, are you? - That's sweet. - I'm gonna be nice now. Chrystal says that she will play the nice card. I don't know what she's playing at. Welcome to the nice club. It's-it's quite fun, I promise. No talking to Arthur, I've got it. - Can I look? - Not on Matilda's.. - No. - No looking, no talking. If it's outside of my 7-to-10 minute time, then yes. - Hello. - How are you? Evening. How's everyone? - Good. - How are you? - Very well, yeah. - Very dapper. You guys look amazing. Poppy, is that your real hair? - 'Yeah, it's my real hair.' - 'That's very cool.' I will flash open my eyes, like I always do. Give him a big smile. If he wants to talk to me, I trust that he will. Please excuse me, I'm just gonna have a chat with the other ladies. Okay. Oh, hey, guys. How is everyone? - Good. - Good, thanks. It's gonna be really interesting to see how we both interact with each other in front of the girls. (Dani) I personally don't want to shove anything in their face but at the same time I want Art to still feel like it's there between us after our one-on-one. Maybe you should take me for a walk, Arthur. Can we sit down? That would be great. Yes, we can. [dramatic music] Chrystal is being a little bit possessive. I think that she needs to tone it down a little bit. (Dani) 'Isn't that the second time Chrystal's had to ask?' [all laughing] - You speak the truth. - 'Always.' - Yeah. - Hello. (Arthur) Chrystal and Dani, there seems to be a little bit of tension. I'm not really too sure how they feel about each other. That's twice you've snaggled me. I wouldn't really use the word snaggle. [chuckling] I asked you if you would take me away so it was your choice to accept or decline. Yeah. So who's gonna interrupt Chrystal? - No. - I know, she scares me, too. Someone needs to interrupt her though 'cause she's just getting her way every single time. So your past relationships I think I remember you saying that you've had a few? Past is the past. Yeah. Yeah, past is the past. Are you still friends with your ex-boyfriends? No, I am. I'm friends with all of them. Do you wanna have kids and stuff? I definitely want children. I love the idea of having you know, like five or ten families in the area that you, you know, have dinners with, fireworks night with and you can really just have your own community. Just definitely settling down and sort of ticking off the few things that I've got left. - What's on your bucket list? - One of my girlfriends, um.. Does a lot of, like, orphanage work in India. And I haven't been to India before. So it's nice just to go and sorta get amongst the culture and sort of lend a hand. Oh, my God, it's getting old now. Well, why don't you interrupt? You should interrupt right now. She said she was gonna be nice tonight. - Do it. - True, true. Come on, Matilda! - Okay, I'm gonna do it. - Good luck. - Okay, bye. - Bye. (Matilda) Everyone's too scared to bust in on Chrystal now. So I just have to take one for the team and show them that there's nothing to be scared of it's just Chrystal in her cocktail-party facade. - Hey, guys, hi. - Hi. I just thought, can I interrupt? Can I talk to you, is that alright? [dramatic music] She's asking you. Welcome to me being nice. [laughing] Oh, yeah, go ahead. Do I have to leave? I'm quite comfortable here. You.. I'll-I'll hop out. Chrystal, I'll talk with you later. She had joined the nice club, and she was on trial. And she failed the trial, quite frankly. Haven't even seen you since our bridge date. (Chrystal) The cocktail parties are as boring as ever. One man, thirteen girls, I'm about to scratch my eyes out. [dramatic music] Can I interrupt? Can I talk to you? Is that alright? Do I have to leave? I'm quite comfortable here. You.. I'll-I'll hop out. Oh, it looks like Art has gotten up and walked off with Matilda and just left Chrystal there. Oh, no, she'll be like Nigel no mates 'sitting all by herself.' [dramatic music] [sighs] - How was the chat? - Oh, yeah, good. - 'Banter?' - Yeah. Chrystal's quite hard to judge. She's got a few different sides to her. Do you wanna tell us all? Mm.. Ex-girlfriend, ex-boyfriend talk. Where do you see yourself in five to ten years? There's so many different types of Chrystals it's like a chandelier. [dramatic music] (Alysha) I am confused at the moment by who she is as a person. Who is the real girl on the inside? I've quite enjoyed seeing you in, like, more casual attire as well. Yeah, do you not wear a suit 24/7? It's not my usual attire, yeah. - Well, this is mine. - Is it? - Most of the time. - You get up.. - And you put that on? - I do. - Do you? - Yeah. I'm hoping to win him over just by being myself. I sort of wanna spend more time with you but then everyone else sort of is doing the same thing and it's just, yeah, it's quite weird. (Matilda) It feels a lot more real now now that there are actual feelings involved. Are you finding that you're like, the real Matilda? Yeah, yeah, definitely. But I just think, like I can't sort of completely relax and be completely myself because that's not, you know, where I'd probably be. Do you feel the same, do you feel like you're 100% yourself? I feel like I'm about 95% myself. - Yeah? Yeah. - Yeah. Do you guys think that he's gonna hand out any roses before the rose ceremony tonight? I mean, I know I'm not gonna get any one-on-one time with him tonight. I know that, and I'm not going to be approaching him. So, yeah, not feeling 100% confident. Hi, ladies. How are you? - Good. - Sit down. Oh, thank you. Oh. - How was your chat? - Oh, it was really nice. It was, it was good to actually have some time to talk 'cause I haven't even really talked to him at all since our date. I don't have a rose, so that's not the ushe for me so I'm definitely feeling the pinch. Yeah, I just hope I've done enough to stay. (Dani) 'You have.' - 'How's everyone?' - Good. I was wondering if I could snag Alysha for a wee. - Ah! About time. - Knew it! You haven't talked to me before, have you? - No. - You gonna hold my hand. - Yeah. - I'm this, I'm this kinda girl. - Are you this one? - I'm that one. - That's cute. - It's nice. Called it, just saying. So, you finally came over. Because I'm being very staunch at the moment and saying, "I'm not gonna come and talk to this man. If he wants to talk to me, he can come and get me." And I keep saying, "I have to prove myself to you but you also have to prove yourself to me." So it's a good start. I was wondering what the deal was. (Arthur) Alysha opened up as soon as we started talking which was not quite what I expected, but it was great. I can be a little bit tough to get to know. - Can you? - A little bit. Kinda like that though, because you didn't go out trying to, like, impress and all that sorta thing. No, and I'm not going to. You have to win my heart. And I will give you my attention but you have to give it to me as well. Yeah. [instrumental music] Alysha, will you just wait here for a little second? Of course, I will! [laughing] Aw, look at the smile you put on my face! I can't help but smile. - Alysha. - Yes? - Will you accept this rose? - Of course I will! - Thank you so much. - Thank you. (Dani) 'He's giving her a rose.' Why didn't I get one? Because you've had **** two, you selfish little ****. [all laughing] Rose, it matches my dress. - Yes, it does. - Nice! I told you you looked stunning tonight. - I'm happy for you. - Yay me. - 'Yay..' - Yay me! - Hey! - Hey. - Oh, hi. - Hello. - How are ya? - Good, I'm very well. Take a seat. I was actually wondering if I could borrow you, Nat. - Borrow me? - Yeah. - Okay. - Yay. - Have a little chat. - Thank you. Art comes in and he asked me to go talk and I'm so happy right now. How you been, how have you been going with everything? - It's-it's-it's tough. - Yeah. This is so out of my comfort zone. Like, I'm totally open and I will tell anyone anything. I'm an open book, but when it becomes a little bit more intimate, I shut off. I know exactly what you mean, it's tough. Closed book. Like, I don't tell anyone anything. Part of that is because I grew up with two brothers. So I never had any sisters, never had any female company that I could kind of open up to. I've never explored my emotional capability. I think there's more to you as well. You're right, yes, but you just have to wait and see. - Yeah. - Um, it's, this-this.. Um, I have never had a serious relationship because I don't like people to know the real me for a long, long, like a long time. I don't like to just like, I can't, I can't.. - I can't do it. - Yeah. Because it scares me, which is something that I probably never said to anyone. I can't believe I just said that to you. [laughing] - How weird! - Yeah? I've never said that before. - That was strange. - That was amazing. [laughing] I'm so embarrassed. Don't be embarrassed, I think you should be proud that you've just said all that stuff. - Okay. - That's just the coolest thing. Oh, my God.. You have just opened up more than anyone else I've ever talked to. ...weird. Oh, my God. [laughing] I'm shaking right now. Nat, would you wait here for a second? I will wait here. [laughing] (Natalie) It completely blew me away that I wasn't.. I wasn't expecting our very first one-on-one conversation to be as intense as it was. - Cute. - 'She totally deserves it.' - Hello. - Hello. [laughing] - Nat? - Yes? With that line, you have actually made my night tonight. [laughing] Will you accept this rose? Yes. Thank you. - Thank you. - Oh, my God. Yes, I get a rose and I can relax. [dramatic music] She got a rose. (Hayley) 'So the first time that two roses' have been given out within one night. So who do you think is going home tonight? My biggest competition is Dani, definitely. I'm not gonna comment because I've had enough time. (Poppy) It's a very uncomfortable situation fighting for just one person. I talked to my mum and she said that I have the skills in me to get on with it. It is hard, especially just because you're sort of, um, away from home and.. Oh, sorry, I can't. [dramatic music] I think there is a lot of potential for some broken hearts coming up. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] Ladies, good evening 'and welcome to another rose ceremony.' (Matilda) Tonight I have no idea what will happen. Dani, Natalie and Alysha, congratulations. You have all received roses. So tonight you are safe. (Dani) I'm definitely feeling confident about being here for a while. The rest of you, Arthur tonight has just nine roses to hand out 'which means one of you will be leaving the mansion.' (Brigette) Who is going home, I have no idea. It's time to bring in Arthur. [dramatic music] (Poppy) If Arthur likes me, he likes me. Otherwise I'll be going home. Ladies, I've been overwhelmed tonight with the way that some of you have completely opened up to me and just been yourselves. I just wanna thank you for that. (Matilda) I'm pretty nervous. My heart could be broken in this. [dramatic music] (Chrystal) The aim of the game is to have one of those hot roses in my little hand. (Hayley) None of us at the moment feel secure. (Amanda) Back on the chopping block. Matilda. (Matilda) My name is called first which is amazing, that is great, I can just relax. Matilda, will you accept this rose? Yes, definitely. Thanks. (Chrystal) I'm in love with Matilda. She is just the biggest sweetheart. Yay. Danielle. (Amanda) I just want a rose already. Will you accept this rose? Of course I would. (Poppy) I don't like that the ball is not in my court. (Kristie) I haven't really had that much one-on-one time lately. I just hope he hasn't forgotten about me. Poppy. - Thank you. - Thank you. Chrystal. (Chrystal) I'm high-fiving myself. I will take that rose, thank you very much. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? - Yes, I will. Thank you. - Thank you. [dramatic music] (Amanda) I'm feeling like, just hurry up and say my name. (Kristie) Everyone's going up and coming back with their rose, smiling and, you know, my smile begins to fade. Amanda. [dramatic music] Amanda, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. - You look beautiful. - Thank you. (Hayley) I am hoping for a rose. You know, I wouldn't have come into this competition if I didn't wanna find love. Shivani. Shivani, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. (Brigette) I'd definitely rather my name get called first than last, that's for sure. Kristie. Kristie, will you accept this rose? Of course I will. Thank you. Thanks. [dramatic music] (Carrisa) I'm one of the last people standing. I'm very nervous. Brigette. [chuckling] Brigette, will you accept this rose? - Yes, please. - Thank you. [chuckling] (Brigette) Thanks. (Carrisa) So it's down to me and Hayley and I'm hoping that it's me. I don't know what to say. This is horrible. (Hayley) It is excruciating, waiting and having your heart beat in your chest. [dramatic music] Carrisa. Carrisa, will you accept this rose? - Yes, I will. Thank you. - Thank you. Hayley, you did not receive a rose tonight. Therefore, your time at the mansion has come to an end. Please, take some time to say goodbye. [instrumental music] I believe that everything happens for a reason. And I'm sure it'll work out just the way it's supposed to. [chuckling] - You're the best. - Yeah. Thank you. You, too. Thank you. [music continues] (Hayley) Although Arthur maybe wasn't Mr. Right for me I'd like to think that there is my Mr. Amazing out there somewhere. (narrator) Tomorrow night the story continues. This is amazing! High romance in a fairytale setting. (Chrystal) I definitely think Arthur is someone that I could fall in love with. (narrator) Later, the catwalk turns into a cat fight. I'm not sure why Dani's in a bridal gown and no one else. ...as the girls model for a one-on-one photo shoot with Arthur. At the cocktail party, the girls pull rank. We're gonna boycott going up to Arthur tonight. But who will be the first to crack? Who broke the boycott? We're all in this for ourselves. [dramatic music] [instrumental music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 