The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 Arthur orchestrates a change of scene for the girls, hoping love will flourish in New Zealand's scenic country side. But when one girl takes a tumble it's not just her safety on The Bachelor that's in jeopardy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Mike Puru) Previously on "The Bachelor.." A single date on a super yacht.. Oh, my God, I'm so happy with this. ...proved too much for Nat. [clearing throat] - Just trying to relax. - Just relax. But Matilda came up roses on the group date. [laughing] Matilda, will you accept this rose? It just makes me feel safe. Then.. To it gets to the point where it explodes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank God we're not at that table. ...at the cocktail party, Alysha and Crystal fell out. I think we're done talking about it, right? - Yep. - See you on the flip side. Going through my head is this. And Amanda.. You did not receive a rose. ...was sent on her way. I've actually learnt that there is good guys out there you just need to wait. - Tonight.. - Oh, my God. Look at this! The girls are on tour. Beautiful! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And romance in a secret location.. ...where Arthur shows he's more than just boyfriend material. Soon as she hits the water, she starts hyperventilating. - Then.. - Oh, my God, what is this? ...a ride to reign in the bachelor's affections ...goes painfully wrong. (Arthur) Just the look on her face, I knew it was serious. (Mike Puru) And at the Rose Ceremony.. [dramatic music] ...indecision rules. Just take a moment. (Natalie) He's just taking forever. (Arthur) We're down to just eight girls, which is crazy. I think we all need a change of scene before the adventure continues. So, I'm bringing everyone to the beautiful Bay of Plenty. I've got some incredible dates planned. I'm wanting to have some brand new adventures and hopefully find time for romance too. [instrumental music] - Hello, ladies. - Hi! 'Time for a late night delivery.' I'm hoping that this is a single date card and that my name is on it. So there are just eight of you left here. Perhaps it's time to change the scenery? [all screaming] (Poppy) I am so excited! I'm feeling a little bit like I have cabin fever I need to get out. Where are we going, what are we doing? Well, you know Arthur, he likes to keep you guessing. So best that I just leave you with this. [all cheering] Danielle and Kristie are the only ones that have not had a single date. (Matilda) I think it could definitely be me because I feel like it was a million years ago since our first date. "There's plenty for everyone." Bay of Plenty. [ladies exclaiming] [indistinct] - Single date. - Wow! (Kristie) I really want my one-on-one date with Arthur. I really wanna show who I am. And it's for-- I think if Kristie doesn't get the single date I think she's gonna struggle to stay here. [dramatic music] Kristie. [screaming and cheering] Of course I'm disappointed 'cause I wish that was me. Maybe you're finally gonna go horse riding on the beach. - Is there a beach there? - Yes. (Kristie) I'm super excited that my name's been called. I'm hoping my single date has horses I've been fantasizing about it, it's been my dream date riding horses along the beach, through the waves just sounds gorgeous. Danielle, you're the last one left without a date. I know. I'm really wondering what I need to do to get a single date. - Only a matter of time. - Yeah. Hopefully I get to join the single date club. - You will. Yeah, you will. - It's pretty fun. If I was in her position, I would be stomping my feet. I would probably have packed my bags. [upbeat music] (Arthur) It's great to get out of the city and it feels so good being down here in the Bay of Plenty and I'm really looking forward to my date with Kristie today. - How are you? - Hi! Where have you brought me? I've done a lot of waiting for this single date with Arthur I really wanna show who I am. - How are ya? - Good, how are you? Lovely to see you. (Kristie) I've absolutely been keeping my guard up this entire time. It is hard to let your guard down but why else would I be here if I didn't wanna find somebody that I wanna settle down with? Oh, my gosh, I can't wait. I don't know what we're doing. We're going to somewhere very special. Nice. Kristie seems like she has a very tough exterior. And so I wanna know exactly what's underneath that. First up, I'm taking Kristie to a very special spot. It's this secret location that I've known about for a while and I've always wanted to take someone there. Oh, my gosh. Cool! Can we go down there? Yeah, that's where we're going. Oh, wicked! (Kristie) I see this beautiful waterfall and it just looks spectacular. This is where it gets a little bit hairy. Yeah, bit treacherous down there. (Arthur) Luckily I've arranged for a couple of lanterns to light our way down to these cave steps. - I like to plan.. - Thank you. - To plan ahead. - That's good. - It feels like Harry Potter. - Yeah. (Arthur) It is quite scary in the tunnel. It's not easy. And Kristie's handling it really well. Wow. - We'll get our togs off. - Yep. - Alright, let's do it. - Let's go. I don't really know Kristie that well at this stage so I'm really looking forward to finding out a bit more about her. Yeah, getting to know her better. Wooh-hoo-hoo-hoo! [squealing] Okay. [screams] (Kristie) I dive bombed in and then I come up and I literally have no breath. [dramatic music] (Arthur) As soon as she hits the water she gets you know, a huge fright. I think because the water is so cold and she starts hyperventilating. (Kristie) I'm sorta trying to catch my breath as I'm swimming stupid idea. (Arthur) I look back and I see Kristie's in trouble. (Arthur) She's not looking too good and just seeing the worry in her eyes, it's quite scary. (Arthur) Kristie is in trouble, her eyes are huge and she's not breathing properly. I decide that I need to get her out of the water and quickly. Luckily I've trained in surf lifesaving so I was able to pull her out of the water. It was quite a scary experience. He was a bit of a hero and I really liked that I like to be, have to be a vulnerable person and he take care of me. [piano music] (Arthur) It takes a couple of minutes before Kristie gets her breath back but she's keen to push on so we venture round behind the waterfall. She's such a trooper. (Kristie) It's really magical actually. We just look up and it's this spectacular water just coming down, you know thousands and thousands of liters of water. This was my first real date. I mean, I've had boyfriends and they take me out to dinner but this is a truly spectacular date. I did have a little crush on him before and, you know it's building up and it's building up and it feels really nice. [instrumental music] Oh, my God, look at this! [screaming] It's beautiful! (Alysha) We've just arrived from Auckland and we're in beautiful Tauranga, I've never been here. Look how stunning it is. The apartment is stunning and the views are just breathtaking. So very happy to be here. Oh, my God. It's like a panorama. This is perfect. 'It's so nice to be in a new location.' - I know! - Wow, oh, the deck. (Matilda) That is so cool. I hope that this change of scenery will change the vibe because at the mansion it's sorta started to get a little bit weird. Oh, you look like you're at home in that kitchen there, Matilda. [laughing] Yeah. (Matilda) I would hate to see another repeat of that last cocktail party with all the drama and everything. I just hope that it's smooth sailing for here on out. Did you guys think that Kristie was excited for her single date? Hell, yeah, from that reaction. I think she looked a little bit nervous this morning though. You can kind of hide behind everyone else on a group date and then suddenly it's just you and him. - Hey, hey, hey! - Yeah. Naturally, if it's gone this long without having a single date, you'd be a little bit worried so Kristie must be feeling pretty happy and chuffed. I'm sure that she'll enjoy her time in the spotlight though. And then it's your turn, missy. - Yes! - Fingers crossed. (Arthur) 'We are very, very close.' - This is us. - This is it? - This is us. Yeah. - "Bella Vista Lodge." (Arthur) After Kristie's near death experience I've got something that's a little bit more relaxing and a bit more enjoyable for her. Oh, my gosh, this is exactly what I need right now. This is gonna be amazing. [laughing] [instrumental music] Hey. - Yes? - A little bit cute. (Kristie) Things are going really well. I sort of feel like a little girl around him and it makes me funny to talk about it. But it feels nice to feel like this and I sorta want to be closer to him. I've always had a stiff neck, always.. Harder. Quite demanding, aren't you? Sorry, I just, I love a good hard massage and yes, I am. Do you find that, are you quite bossy? Yeah, to be fair. - You are? - Yeah, I must be. At least you know it. I don't know if it's bossy or controlling it's not controlling, that sounds bad I'm not controlling. I didn't say you were. Dammit, stop talking! (Arthur) I don't really like bossy people. I like a bit of sass, but not boss. When are you jumping off the walk, Poppy? I'm jumping off. So we're all relaxing in the apartment. Woo-hoo, look what I found. And Crystal has a date card. "Keeping it country." - Riding! - Oh, horse riding! - Riding with the horses. - Yeah! Yup, it will be, it'll be horse riding. If it was a group date with horses, I am so excited. - Or like wood chopping? - Wood chopping! Please not wood chopping! These arms aren't built for wood chopping. Some sheep shearing. So, first person to go on this date.. If I can't have another single date, then I'll take everything and I really wanna go on this group date. ...is Danielle. [cheering] I have mixed feelings about being on the group date because my theory was that if I wasn't invited on the group date, then there might be more chance that I'd be the next one on the single date. Oh, the suspense, Crystal, stop it. Alysha. She reads out my name, I'll definitely take it and I'm very excited. Everyone's going! [all cheering] I do want to go on the group date but I don't want to go with so many girls. Country! (Alysha) Eight girls might be a few too many to get that quality one-on-one time that we all need at the moment. [instrumental music] - Wow. - This is beautiful, huh? - This is great. - Yeah, grab a seat. (Arthur) Kristie's opened up a bit to me but there's still a lot that I don't know about her. So I'm hoping that we can just have a sit down and watch the sunset and talk a bit more. - Cheers. - Cheers, thank you. - Thank you for today. - No. - Yeah. - It was all you. - I hope you enjoyed it. - I did. - Yeah. - Almost died but I'm okay. Got a massage so you redeemed yourself. (Kristie) Everything seems to be going really well. Conversations are flowing quite naturally which is really nice and pleasant for me I wasn't really sure how it was gonna go but I'm really enjoying my time with Arthur right now. - Wow, what is that? - It's Black Doris ice cream. - Black who? - Black Doris plum. Black Doris does a great job. Black Doris is actually the name of the plum. - Uh-huh. Well, she produces.. - Yeah.. But I imagine-- She produces the flavor, does she not? Does she not produce the flavor? I mean, if we're referring to the plum as a she then yes she does. What's her name again? Black Doris. After the ice cream I tell him that I've got a surprise for him, and he was a little bit taken aback by that. - I love surprises. - Yeah. So I was telling you about my first.. ...win with a cross country. And so this was the photo that my mom took afterwards. [laughing] What? I just wanted to give him an insight into my life, really. Just a few special moments in my life that I wanted to share with him. - So cute. - 'This is me and my dad.' (Arthur) I've never been shown family photos on a first date before. (Kristie) 'These are me and my rugby girls.' It's really quite odd, Kristie is full of surprises. I really enjoyed your company. Stop it. - I'm not very good. - You're not very good. - Nah, like-- - Taking compliments. - No good. - Really? Yeah, no good. - Doesn't mean don't give them. - Oh, okay. [laughing] I'm really enjoying getting to know Arthur and the feelings are definitely developing and I just really hope that they are on his side too. - Thank you for today. - That's alright. I hope it's been all that you expected.. - And more. - Yeah. (Arthur) The date with Kristie has gone really well. We've had a lot of fun, she's been great. But I still feel like there's something missing. So, do you have any, like, deal breakers? - If you had a partner-- - Yep. Yep, someone that can't just go with the flow and-- I'm not controlling, I'm not controlling. I don't think you're too controlling. Too controlling. Okay. I do think you have a touch of controlling-ness. I'm playing it out more than it needs to be. - Let's all drop it, eh? - Yeah. I just don't feel as though we've got past third gear and I'm just not if we have the momentum to push forward. I really appreciate, you know, you just being yourself and doing what you're comfortable doing.. ...and just, yeah, enabling me to get to know you. - Cool. Cheers to that. - Yeah. - Yeah, cheers to that. - Getting to know each other. Yeah, thank you. [piano music] [instrumental music] [yawning] Kristie should be home by now. It's quite late. She's pushing it, isn't she? (Natalie) I'm really, really intrigued to see how Kristie's single date went because she is quite up front and she's quite bossy. Do you think she'll come back with a rose? - Yeah. - Yes. - Yeah, I think so. - Yes. All the girls seem to be impressing Art so far on the single dates, so I don't doubt Kristie will either. Big question though, did she get kissed? - No. - I don't think so. I just don't really see Kristie as a very romantic person. I feel like she tries to be, but she's not. [instrumental music] - Hi! - Hello! - Hello, hi! - Hi! - Hello, hello. - Really, really nice. - 'You look sassy!' - Thank you. I am exhausted I tell you. [laughing] Tell us then.. We get to this, like enchanted forest. And it feels like I'm in Avatar, honestly like, it's beautiful everywhere around me. (Dani) It sounds like they had a really good date but I'm not really listening, because I'm distracted by the fact there's no rose in her hand. Then we see this beautiful outlook of like, water. We are all confused, where is Kristie's rose? He dives in to check that it's deep enough so I can dive bomb.. (Dani) No one's quite asking where this rose is so, who is gonna man up and do it? So good, it was perfect. - I'm so jealous! - It sounds incredible! - That is so nice! - Where's the little red thing? The wee red thing? No, there's no time for roses on this date. I think you're lying, is it up your pants? Is it.. I'm waiting for it to slip out your trouser leg. Obviously she has a rose because no one has gone on a single date and not got a rose. She's hidden it somewhere. - Turn around? - You want to see my best side? - Good back on this dress. - Down the front? No, No, there's no rose, no. [dramatic music] She doesn't have a rose, stop it! [giggling] No, it's alright. If I didn't get a rose, then I didn't get a rose. We'll see how the Rose Ceremony goes. (Kristie) It feels like the date went really well so it's a little bit baffling that there wasn't a rose. Maybe it was sided, maybe I wasn't reading him. (Crystal) If you go on a single date and you come back roseless you are going home. Sayonara. Goodbye! [instrumental music] [upbeat music] (Kristie) We're on the outskirts of Tauranga and we're in the country and we walk down the hill and I see horses. - Yay! - Oh, yay! Someone is going for a horse ride, and I hope it's me. Hello, ladies, and welcome to this idyllic slice of paradise here in the Bay of Plenty. - Thank you. - Thanks! If you've been doing your homework you will know by now that Arthur spent his early years on a farm. So he is right at home in the country. 'And the girl who wins his heart' well it would pay if she was also was that way inclined. So today, Arthur has organized for you all an idyllic horse trip. - Yay! - Wooh! I have been going on and on about wanting to go on a date involving horse riding. And finally it's here. Kristie, I can tell you're excited? So excited, yes! - Finally! - The horses! I'm so excited that Kristie has got her bloody horse riding date, because I'm sick of hearing about it. 'Now, ladies, you'll be riding high' and hopefully, catching Arthur's eye while you do it. - Morning, girls! - Hi! (Dani) Art comes out and he looks awesome in his plaid shirt. I always want one-on-one time with Art, who doesn't? I hope you're all are excited, raring to go? - Yes. - Yeah. Okay, let's saddle up. (Arthur) I grew up on a farm and I wanna see how the girls handle this sort of environment. You alright, mate? I don't really want a princess. Okay, so it's gonna go like that that way, that bit goes in the mouth and then that bit goes around the ears and then that bit goes around the nose. Oh, my God, what is this? Like something from bloody "Fifty Shades Of Grey." [laughing] [laughing] She hands me the saddle, I put it on backwards look like a complete idiot. Oh, yes, babe. Horse riding, not particularly my cup of tea, but hey you gotta do what you gotta do so get on the horse and I'll go for the drink. - I didn't know that. - Yeah. - Really, so? - I am, yeah? First time back on a horse after falling off so I am gonna get back on the horse. [laughing] - Get on your toes. - Get on that horse! (Matilda) When I was young, I did have a horse. He bit me, stood on my foot and then I fell off. I haven't ridden a horse since then so, it should be interesting. Well, we're all gonna be safe and happy. We'll try and have good positive vibes, right? (Arthur) I'm impressed with Matilda getting back on the horse. It sounds like it was a horrible experience for her. So yeah, good on her. - How are you going, Matilda? - I'm good. Apparently mine would like to just eat and be lazy. - Oh, really? - So, you and me both, sister. (Matilda) Feels nice to be back on a horse after all this time. But it also feels very high. Wah! (Crystal) I am a tall girl so I always get given the biggest horse of the bunch. after my two attempts to ride Nate, the big horse.. Let me off, I'm gonna get off, can you hold him? I just generally get a bad vibe. - I'm a little nervous, babe. - Are you? Thank you so much for bringing me here but I just feel a little bit like I can't control this horse. - Really? - Yeah. So I'm gonna probably sit this one out. (Arthur) It's real shame that Crystal didn't want to go. I did want to get to know her better. - 'I'm going after you, Nat.' - Okay. - Jumping. - So indicate. Like, beep beep? (Arthur) So we take off down the hill and it's just so incredible, a beautiful spot. Amazing hills, like it's beautiful day it's just perfect. And all the girls seemed to be loving the horse riding so far. And go! My horse, Paris, never really gets out of line but she does kind of have like a little bit of a problem with Danielle's horse. And what about the horse? (Danielle) Not long after we pass through a gate some of the others who had been sort of trailing behind caught up to us. (Matilda) I sort of lead Paris over, and she seems quite relaxed. Good girl, Paris, good girl! But then Danielle and her horse come up behind me and then all of a sudden, my horse kicks Danielle's horse. [Matilda screaming] Oh my God! Are you okay? [sobbing] (Arthur) At first, when she fell off I didn't think it was that bad. **** me! And then, just the look on her face I knew it was pretty serious. [crying] [screaming] Oh my God! Are you okay? [sobbing] (Matilda) I looked down at my wrist and I could see that it's deformed. [sobbing] And I just started freaking out. (Arthur) Matilda doesn't usually swear but she's definitely swearing right now. No, she's not. You were doing so well though. (Poppy) I'm in shock, like, my heart is thumping. The feeling up there was just you could cut the tension with a knife. [dramatic music] Yeah. (Matilda) Like I don't know if I've hurt myself badly or if it's just a case of popping my wrist back in. I don't know, but if it's serious enough this could be the end of the competition for me. How much pain are you in right now? - A lot. - A lot? - **** Yeah! - Okay. Use the strength in your legs and push up. (Dani) It is completely horrible to see Matilda in this state. I feel terrible for her and so scared for her. I'm just so gutted for her. Like it was so much fun, and.. (Poppy) It's horrendous. I can't think of a worse person for this to happen to. Matilda is so lovely and so brave. (Natalie) I don't want Tills to leave, I think she's amazing. I think her and Arthur have an amazing connection. It would terrible if she left. Never again, never again. (Arthur) 'Yeah I think--' [laughing] Yeah, yeah, it was fun while it lasted. Let's never do horses again. Yeah, yeah, they're just not my thing. No. (Arthur) I've never seen someone so brave. I just hope she's gonna be okay and I hope she's gonna carry on, on this whole journey. Because it would be a huge loss for me if she decided not to. [instrumental music] (Matilda) The doctors tell me that I've broken my wrist. - Aw! - Hi. Hi. How are you? (Matilda) It could be surgery if it doesn't heal itself in the next six weeks so I've just got a cast on until that happens. - How's your arm? - Um, it's okay. It's still really painful. (Arthur) One good thing to come out of this has been Matilda and I getting closer, I think. I feel protective of her. Well, I brought something that might cheer you up. - Will you accept this rose? - Oh, thank you so much! He's so caring and so sweet. He's really impressing me. Oh, you poor wee thing. I'm gutted I can't come to the cocktail party though. - Yeah, you'll be missed. - You have fun for me. I will, yeah. (Matilda) I really want to be here and I'm not gonna go home just because of this bump in the road. Alright. - Alright, have fun. - Yeah. - Say hi to the girls. - I will. - See ya. - See ya. (Matilda) Arthur is a one in a million. I'm definitely in it for the long haul. I'll fight for Arthur. - Hello. - Hi. - Hello, everyone. - Hi! I'm sure you'll agree, an absolutely stunning setting here at the French Country house for tonight's cocktail party. - 'Yeah, I know.' - 'Beautiful.' Now, you'll all be aware that Matilda suffered an injury on the horse trek, so she won't be joining us tonight. But what I can tell you is this Arthur has just been to visit Matilda and we can report she is in high spirits. With a rose? Especially after receiving a rose. [cheering] That's so good. I'd hope if you'd been on a date and broken your arm that would at least constitute safety for another week. Ladies, enjoy, I will see you soon, here's Arthur. Thank you. (Dani) Art comes out, and of course he looks absolutely amazing like he always does. - Hi, girls. - Hi. I still get taken aback by him every time he walks out. So how did you deliver the rose to Matilda 'did you do like a sneaky room service kind of a thing?' I went and visited Matilda and I gave her a rose. - Aw. - Cute, good. - Yeah. - She deserves one. [laughing] I think she should have got at least 20 roses filled the room, come on. Poppy, I was wondering if I could steal you away for a wee chat? - Yeah, sure, Arthur. - Yeah? (Poppy) I love it when Arthur asks to have some one-on-one time with me. It makes me feel so special. Poppy makes him smile, so, sure enough he would steal her away. He needs someone to make him smile I think after yesterday, it was kind of a catastrophe so maybe she's the one who's like, yeah, cheer me up. Yeah. - Cheers. - Cheers. How you feeling about everything? Really good, how are you? I feel like I've made connections with most of you. - So it's kind of-- - Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah, it's an interesting point I think. Do you feel like you've had a strong connection with me? [laughing] I'm just saying that because I feel like I've had quite a strong connection with you. I do, Arthur. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Cool. That makes me happy. - I do. (Poppy) The more time I spend with Arthur the more I realize that he ticks so many of my boxes. Arthur's definitely the sort of man I'd like to end up with. [instrumental music] Does anyone here that is wanting to go and speak to Arthur tonight, or wanting go and approach him tonight? I think because you know, the group date didn't go particularly well, and we didn't get a lot of sort of talk time we all probably want to have little, touch base, hey-hey. 'Catch up, hey.' Oh, well, it's gonna be a busy night then. Who's gonna focus on Arthur next then? - I might. - Go get your walk on. - Okay. I will try. - Good luck. Enjoy those stairs! I would really like to chat with Art tonight only because I haven't spent any time with him this week one-on-one. I was wondering if I could steal a few moments? I will go back to the girls. See you. See you. I don't have anything pressing that I need to get off my chest or anything but just a catch up would be really nice. I just wanted to steal a few minutes with you 'cause I just wanted like make sure that he still knows I'm here. Yeah, I can never forget your story. I wanna be, yeah. And I just wanted to thank you as well because this whole time.. ...you've really, like, made me feel really special and I've never really had that before. - Really? You are special. - Oh thank you. Well, I mean, every bit of it. Well, thank you. - Who's going next? - I will. - Yes! - Great. - 'I think it's your turn!' - 'Yeah.' - Go, sister, go. - Okay. - Epic one-liners too. - Here I come! [all cheering] The pressure's really on for me at the moment because I'm still the only girl who hasn't had a single date and I need to make sure that Arthur is reassured that if we went on one, I think we'd have an amazing time. - Hi, guys. - Hi. - Sorry to interrupt. - It's okay. Dani, I wondered if you'd mind if I borrowed Art for a little while? No, of course not. Alright, bye-bye. I have no idea whether this is going to backfire on me or whether he's actually going to quite like it. But either way I need to know. I know that all the girls are wanting to have a bit of time with you tonight, so I'm just gonna get straight to the point. Yup, go ahead. I would really like you to have a good think about giving me the opportunity to have a single date with you before sending me home because I feel confident that if you did decide to do that that you really wouldn't be disappointed. That is the most ballsy thing anyone's ever said to me. [laughing] (Arthur) Wow, Danielle's put herself on the line. She's completely just opened up and she's just said, "Take me on a date." And I think her bravery is admirable. How are you feeling about the Rose Ceremony and him forgetting to give you a rose? Forgetting, I like that. I hope he just forgot to give me a rose. (Kristie) I think it's Arthur's responsibility tonight to come and explain what he was or wasn't feeling on a one-on-one date and that'll just give me a bit of clarification which I think I deserve. I'm the first girl to have a single date and not have a rose, it was a little bit sad. I don't want to have to approach him. I think Arthur owes me the time and owes me a bit of an explanation as well. - Yes. - Yes. Some closure would be nice, wouldn't it? Yeah, maybe he may take me away tonight and explain what he wasn't feeling or what he was feeling and yeah, I guess I just feel a little bit lost. (Poppy) Kristie's strategy to not talk to Arthur tonight's not the smartest of moves. If I was in Kristie's position tonight I would definitely try and muscle in and just make sure that I felt a little bit safer going into the Rose Ceremony. (Arthur) 'You look gorgeous by the way.' - Hey, guys. - Hi. Do you wanna come upstairs, both of you? - Sounds good, sure. - Yeah. I'll steal this one. Basically tonight I just want to touch base with him see where things are at with each other and maybe try and get some reassurance that I might get a rose tonight. So how are things going for you? It's sort of getting down a little bit now. Yeah, yeah. You have to start thinking big picture about things. - Yeah. - Yeah. I've started thinking big picture about things. So I'm starting to think what it's gonna be like. - In the real world? - Yeah, in the real world. - To put it bluntly, yeah. - Yeah, pretty much. When you're outside of this like who's gonna fit into my lifestyle and yeah. I feel like we're sort of, kind of in the same place with things at the moment in terms of our lives and our lifestyles and what we wanna do and achieve. But at the same time how could I've know like, he's not my man he's like everyone's man at the moment, yeah. He's just not mine to cuddle. [laughing] You know, gotta share him at the moment. And that's the hard part to process. She's been there for a while. I don't wanna touch that. - Are you gonna go over? - No. That's what you were hinting ****. - No, no, no. - Do it. We're running out of time. Probably should have been a bit more aggressive but I never am. I really like you. - Thank you for saying that-- - Yeah, no, I really like you. (Arthur) Everyone is really opening up their hearts to me and I'm quite confused. It's gonna be a really tough to send someone home. [intense music] Good evening again, ladies. (all) Hi. Quite an action packed few days here in the Bay of Plenty. - Yeah. - Definitely. With Matilda already receiving a rose tonight, she is safe. 'For the seven of you standing in front of me' Arthur tonight has six roses to hand out. (Alysha) There's always going to be the inkling of doubt in my mind, no matter how confident I go into these Rose Ceremonies. Which means one of you will be leaving tonight. (Dani) I don't want to go home because I feel like Art and I have a really strong connection. 'Ladies, I wish you the best of luck.' It's time for Arthur. Thanks, mate. [intense music] (Natalie) There's seven of us standing there at the Rose Ceremony. None of us have roses in our hands, which is a first. (Kristie) I had the single date and I didn't receive a rose so why keep me around? (Danielle) Maybe he didn't like me being so upfront with him and that could be a reason why I don't get a rose. Girls, you've been incredible the last couple of days. What happened to Matilda was horrible. But at the same time that's an experience we all shared and I feel like it's brought everyone 'a little bit closer together' which makes my decision tonight so difficult. (Natalie) I think everyone's feeling a little bit nervous. (Kristie) The only other person that I could think possibly might go home would be Danielle. She hasn't been on a single date. (Crystal) I hope I'm not going home tonight. I'm not ready to go, I'm really enjoying myself. Someone who made a big impression on me tonight.. ..Danielle. (Katie) It would be really disappointing if, you know I went home after I've just decided to bring this barrier down. Danielle, will you accept this rose? I would love to, Arthur. (Danielle) I'm really relieved when my name gets called. Maybe that's a sign that Arthur likes a strong woman. (Poppy) I was thinking that if I don't get a rose tonight it's because Arthur found me incompatible with him. Alysha. Alysha, will you accept this rose? - Yes, I will. - Okay. (Dani) I think Kristie will be going home tonight only because she is the only girl not to receive a rose on a single date. [dramatic music] Poppy. (Kristie) At this point of time, I still have strong feelings for Arthur. Poppy, will you accept this rose? - Arthur, I will, thank you. - Okay. (Natalie) They might think I was a snob and didn't talk to him at the cocktail partyso maybe he's decided to send me home. [dramatic music] Crystal. Crystal, will you accept this rose? - Yes, I will, thank you. - Thank you. Dani. Dani gets the next rose and I'm like ****. Yeah, I don't wanna go home. Dani, will you accept this rose? Of course, thank you. So there's only Nat and Kristie left and I'm praying Nat stays. Kristie is a little bit bossy. (Natalie) Probably should've spoken to him, looking in hindsight. (Kristie) It's just horrible waiting. (Natalie) It's just kind of frustrating because I know that I'm a really cool person. (Kristie) I sort of feel like it's coming and I start thinking about my goodbye speech. (Crystal) I'm standing next to Natalie and I'm holding her hand. Her grip on my hand is getting tighter and tighter. I'll just take a moment. (Crystal) And the next minute, Arthur walks out the door. (Dani) My whole body feels like it's gone into shock I'm like.. (Kristie) I've got Nat behind me, freaking out and I'm trying to calm her down. And it's making me worked up as well. (Arthur) I'm down to the last rose and I have two beautiful girls to choose from. And I really can't make my mind up. - So what's going on? - Very tough couple of days. - Yeah, well, understandable. - For me, for everyone. How do you feel? I feel, I don't know, I feel confused. Well, I'll leave you for a few minutes. - Yeah. - You okay though? - Yeah. Thanks, man. - Okay. The events that have taken place over the last couple of days, and tonight's cocktail party have really thrown me. (Alysha) I think it is getting tough for him to make the decision. But at the same time in my mind eight girls are still a lot of girls. (Natalie) He's just, taking forever. You know we've waited the whole cocktail party now we've waited the whole Rose Ceremony. Now we're waiting more. [sighs] [intense music] Tonight's decision has been really, really difficult. [sighs] Which is why, I couldn't make a decision. [dramatic music] [sighs] Kristie, will you accept this rose? (Kristie) He pulls a rose out from behind his back and calls my name and I'm just thrilled. - Wow. Yeah, definitely. - Thank you. I definitely thought I was going home and now that I've got the rose you know, you gotta make the most of every time and every opportunity. Who cares who's already talking to him you need to go up and speak to him when you want to. Nat. (Natalie) I think he's worth fighting for and I just need to be myself a bit more and see what happens. Nat, will you accept this rose? I definitely, definitely will. [laughing] Thank you. That gives me a few more days to really put myself out there and have a chat to him and make sure that I'm not the last one standing next time. Yeah, no one's going home. Hurray? [intense music] While my face is showing like, really happy I'm not happy about it. I'm actually a little bit pissed off. I think he should have put one of the girls out of their misery and if he couldn't make the decision maybe then he should've sent both of them home. I'm staring deep into his eyes and I'm like "What are you thinking?" [dramatic music] Congratulations, ladies. You all have roses tonight, so no one is going home. As you can tell, Arthur is finding it difficult to make these decisions at the Rose Ceremony so use your time wisely to get to know him better. But apart from that, enjoy this evening, thank you. (Dani) I honestly think it was a bad move. (Poppy) It's only going to hurt people more the longer he keeps people on out of sympathy. Alright, girls, let's enjoy the night, cheers. Cheers. (Crystal) Arthur, you cannot have eight girlfriends. I know you want us all, we are amazing but Arthur, you can only have one girlfriend. (Mike Puru) Tomorrow night on "The Bachelor.." Arthur takes one lucky girl sky high. (Arthur) We're just pushed out of a plane. (Mike Puru) But for another bachelorette it's not all plain sailing. Whoa! You alright? (Mike Puru) And a tense cocktail party girl lay their hearts on the line. I think I'm gonna be smiling for the rest of the night. I think I'm blushing now. (Mike Puru) Before a shock announcement. - Oh, no! - No! I absolutely appreciate you being so honest about everything. (Mike Puru) And another farewell leaves some girls feeling guilty. I need to take back everything bad that I've said about her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 