The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Introducing New Zealand's very first Bachelor, as he embarks on a once-in-a-lifetime quest to find true love with the woman of his dreams. Tonight he will meet 21 very different kiwi women - all with their eyes on the prize. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [instrumental music] (Arthur) I do believe that there's one right person out there for everyone. So, I'm hoping that I'm about to find that person. Someone that I'll fall madly in love with. (Matilda) I think he's one of the most beautiful man, I've ever met in my entire life. (Poppy) Arthur is knockout material. My heart could be broken, yes. (Mike) 21 single women.. (Amanda) I do wanna find true love. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My heart's just like, purr. (Mike) ...compete to capture the heart of one man. You did promise me two minutes of your time. (Mike) The only thing standing in their way.. (Alysha) I'm not really here to make friends. (Mike) ...is each other. Sorry to be rude, but I was hoping I could steal you. No, I don't think so. (Mike) As the competition heats up.. (Chrystal) Of course it was gonna come out. Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? (Mike) ...the fight is on. (Chrystal) I'll be doing whatever it takes. Everyone has their eye on the prize. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Hayley) 'Oh, my God, they just kissed.' (Alysha) Women can definitely become scary at times. (Brigette) People are gonna get hurt. This is a crazy scenario. (Mike) 'Ladies' 'if you did not receive a rose' 'you will leave the mansion tonight.' (Alysha) No one likes to lose. (Natalie) It's gonna end in tears. (Mike) But for those who remain.. (Chrystal) There is 100 percent a connection. (Mike) ...the chance of finding true love.. (Arthur) She just blew me away. (Mike) ...becomes tantalizingly real. (Kristie) I think he could absolutely be the one. - Will you accept this rose? - I definitely will. [instrumental music] Welcome to New Zealand's very first season of "The Bachelor." We are about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime as we follow one man's quest to find true love with the woman of his dreams. Very soon, 21 unique Kiwi women will arrive at this elaborate mansion. 'Motivated by one desire' 'and one desire only.' To win the affections of the bachelor. But before we meet a cast of stunning women. Let's introduce New Zealand's very first Bachelor. (Arthur) My name's Arthur, I'm 26 years old. I'm living in Auckland and I run my own health food company. I'm a very competitive and independent person. I'm really into fitness and food. And my philosophy is healthy body, healthy mind. I set-up my own business because I wanted the freedom to be able to be my own boss. To learn a whole lot about business and I wanted to do something meaningful that I'm really enforced about. It's taken a lot of hard work but it's really taken off. Getting pre-orders at the moment. It'd be great for school and stuff like that. Now, I'm reaping the rewards of that success and there's just one thing missing in my life and that's love. Did I ever in my wildest dreams imagine that I'll be the bachelor? No, I didn't but I do believe that there's one right person out there for everyone. So, I'm hoping that I'm about to find that person. I'm looking for someone who is fun and intelligent. Someone that I can have adventures with and have a family with. I have been in love before an I've also have my heart broken. And it's pretty horrible but it's something that I've really learnt from. And I think now I'm at the point where I'm ready to find someone special. Family is really important to me. I have a really close family. We do a lot of family gatherings. Always holidaying together and spending a lot of time together. I was eight when my parents split up. As difficult as my parents' separation was it really ended up being for the best. And my parents are now two amazing people. And all my parents, um, get together regularly. I'm really close with my mum. It would be lovely if you found someone who really fit into the family. I have faith in you, darling. I trust you. You'll make the right decision. I sure as hell don't wanna do it if he doesn't like me. 'cause otherwise it can be a very uncomfortable Christmas. [laughing] Yeah, true. My dad and I get on really well. He's just someone I really look up to. You just do your thing and be yourself then it'll all work out alright. - Good luck. - Oh. There you go. (Arthur) I have six sisters. So, any girl that I bring home's gotta be able to fit in with the family. And she's gonna need to just be a lot of fun. - Who wants bread? - 'Please. Yup.' It'll be amazing if you find someone that can sit with us on this table and just enjoy a meal and.. I think you might be surprised initially and find someone that you really, really like. - Imagine this time next year.. - 'You might..' - Yes. - She's sitting right here. [laughing] That'll be very cool. Dancing and telling them stories. - Ah, cheers. - Cheers. (Arthur) Now, I find myself in a position where I'm ready to meet someone. And then, marry and have kids and raise a family. Tonight is probably one of the most important nights of my life. There's a good chance that I could meet someone that I'll fall madly in love with. So, we've heard from our bachelor and he is right now making his way to this mansion. But before he arrives let's get to know some of the women he is about to meet. (Matilda) My name's Matilda I'm 24 and I'm from Auckland. I'm a sales executive for a media company. I'm going on "The Bachelor" because I've been on a ton of dates but I haven't really found anyone that I've had that real connection with yet. I feel like I've become the girl that everyone has to setup. I'm looking for someone who's just as spontaneous as I am an someone that's funny. Doesn't have to be outrageously funny just few good jokes here and there, you know. - Good sense of humor - Yeah. I love food. And someone that loves their food, too is also big for me. Lot of girls I know don't really like to eat on a first date. But I'm all about it 'cause it's like you may as well just be yourself from day one. So, I often order the ribs and a lot of guys are put off by that. So, that's something that he would need be okay with. [laughing] [accordion music] My name's Danielle and I'm 35 years old. And I'm a barrister. I would have to say that the thing that I'm most proud of would have been winning the New Zealand accordion solo championship when I was 17. [accordion music] I think putting love ahead of my personal life has been a problem. I really do want to share my life with somebody have a family so I need to put myself big out there. (Chrystal) I'm Chrystal, I'm 30 years of age. I'm from Christchurch and I'm a yoga instructor. I really enjoy anything that gets my heart rate up anything outdoors. Getting outside, riding my bike makes me happy. I think I'm quite worldly because I have had a lot of exotic international boyfriends in the past. I'm on "The Bachelor" because my lovely sister entered me. She's been wanting me to move back to New Zealand for a long time and I think this may be her way of sealing the deal. Okay, now that I entered you into this let's stuff it up. You think maybe I'm gonna meet my future husband? Well, someone's gotta tame the wild beast. What do you want from your bachelor man? - Someone taller than me. - Someone taller than you? We're above average for height. I think we're above average in a lot of stuff. [laughing] (Rosie) I'm Rosie, I'm 30 years old. I live in Thames and I'm in real estate. I have been single for five years mostly I feel, because I've been in and out of the country. I would love to go out with any man that loves adventure. If he does not want to be my bodyguard in Papua New Guinea and he doesn't want to adventure with me in the Middle East then I've got no time for him. I need a man that's gonna take me around the world to these dangerous spots. I would like to go out with a sniper possibly. (Kristie) I'm Kristie, I'm 24 years old. I live in Christchurch and I teach at intermediate. I guess I'm a bit of a tomboy. I love watching rugby, but I also enjoy playing the game as well. I definitely like to dish out a bit of pain if I can. I try and give off a tough persona but honestly, on the inside, it's all soft and gooey stuff. You're doing so well. I've had my heart broken before, yes. He was seeing other people at the same time, so.. You know, it really broke my heart and, um, just hoping to mend things up and find somebody that's actually open and honest. I think I'm a great catch, I really do. And I hope I can find Mr. Right out there. (Mike) Tonight, the bachelor will host a cocktail party where each of the women will try to spend as much time as they can with him. At the end of the night only 17 of the 21 women will receive a rose at New Zealand's first ever Rose Ceremony. He can give out roses before the ceremony to anyone he feels a special connection with. [car door opens] [car door closes] - Welcome. - Thanks. So, Arthur, how are you feeling? [sighs] I'm feeling, uh, apprehensive and nervous and also very excited. Understandable. So, what are you expecting from tonight? Hopefully gonna be meeting the love of my life. So, I have to ask, Arthur what is it that you look for in a woman? I look for someone who holds the same values as me um, who has a great sense of humor. Doesn't take themselves too seriously. And, um isn't too terrible to look at either. Well, good luck. I won't hold you up anymore because I think your first girl is arriving. - Thanks. - Have fun. Cheers. It's a little bit overwhelming to think that tonight maybe the night that I find the one. - Coming up.. - Oh, my God. He's so hot. (Arthur) I really think there might be someone out there in those 21 girls. - Hi. - 'Hi. Lovely to meet you.' Nice to meet you. I'm looking for love. My heart's just like, purr. (Amanda) I think he could absolutely be the one. (Mike) Then later.. (all) Cheers. (Mike) ...a cocktail party like no other. (Shivani) Girls are ready to make their move. (Amanda) Everyone has their eye on the prize. I think tonight is going to show some people's true colors. (Arthur) The first car pulls up and my heart just skips a beat. I'm so nervous. - 'Oh, my God.' - 'He's really good looking.' - 'He is gorgeous.' - 'He is hot.' - Hi. - Hi. How are you? - Hi. I'm Matilda. - Good to see you. Matilda, Arthur. Lovely to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Yeah, likewise. - My heart's just like, purr. - Yeah. - Yeah, but I'm really excited. - Yeah. And I like this-this thing. Yeah, thanks. I picked it up myself. [both laugh] - Me too. - Yeah, well, you nailed it. - Thank you. - Yeah. Well, I look forward to talking more. Yeah, so, we'll.. ...have a drink inside, then. - Nice to meet you. - Yeah, likewise. - I'll see you soon. - Yeah. Go sit along and grab a drink. (Matilda) He seems really funny and nice and easy to talk to. That's definitely someone I can see myself with in the future. (Arthur) My first impression of Matilda I really like her and she seems really natural and relaxed and just completely open. (Danielle) 'He looks tall, dark and handsome' an he's having a little laugh, so.. That is really cool. I can see the bachelor and I'm freaking out. Like, I don't get nervous that often. Um, especially around men. Nice, to meet you. I'm Danielle. Danielle, Arthur. Danielle L was bit of a stand out on the red carpet. I gave up doing Ironman 70.3 today to be on this. - Really? - Yeah. 'Cause I'm currently training for Ironman. Half marathon was my thing, I did the open half marathon just recently. Yeah, maybe you can take me for a run. Yeah, I'd like that. (Alysha) I'm Alysha Jade Brown. I'm 26, from Invercargill and I'm a high school English teacher. - Hello. - Hi. Nice to finally meet you. I'm here to find the man of my dreams and the guy who's gonna be my partner in crime. Who I can Bonny and Clyde this road with. - You've got beautiful eyes. - Thank you. So do you. - Yeah. Ah, well, hey, look, get on inside.. - An, uh.. - I'll talk to you later. I'll be finding out a bit more about you. There was a little something there and so we'll see what happens. [instrumental music] (Danielle) I was really pleasantly surprised when I first saw Arthur. He looked really inviting and open. Thought this is somebody that I could enjoy getting to know. Hi, Arthur, my name's Danielle. Danielle, lovely to meet you. - Lovely to meet you, too. - Yeah. My strategy is probably quite simple and that's just to be myself. - I love being out on the water. - Yeah? I've got a little dog. Elmo. He'll often come out on the kayak or the paddle board, with me. - Yeah, he's pretty good. - Go, Elmo. - He's got a little life jacket. - Yeah. - Really? - He does. I have, we have two family dogs and they have life jackets as well when we're getting them out on the boat. - Yeah, yeah. - Oh, fantastic. - Alright. - Nice to meet you. - Arthur. - Yeah, likewise. (Chrystal) I don't know. I just think I can't go for looks. I need a good personality. He could open his mouth and ruin everything. - Hi. - Hi. I'm walking up to the bachelor and I can just tell he's more nervous than I am. - Hi, Arthur. Nice to meet you. - Lovely to meet you. - You look great. - Well, so do you. (Arthur) Chrystal looks amazing. And she's tall and she's beautiful. She's almost looks like a goddess. If you wanna head on inside, and I look forward to talking to you a bit more later. - Nice to meet you. - Yeah, likewise. Wow. (Michelle) I think I've been unlucky in love because I've been searching for the wrong sort of guy. I've been going for guys with muscles and tattoos. I am trying to change my ways and go for that clean cut sort of guy. Just a little bit more to walk here. - You're doing a great job. - Okay. It gives me longer to admire you, so, it's okay. - Mr. Bachelor. - I'm Arthur. - Nice to meet you. - What's your name? - Michelle. - Michelle. Lovely to meet you, Michelle. (Michelle) The bachelor is very clean cut. I really like to see him out of his suit. Not out of.. No, don't say that. Not out of his suit, but in normal clothing. He's hot as.. (Nikki) I'm Nikki and I'm from Invercargill. I'm practicing law. - Ah, crazy coming in here. - Yeah. - What am I interested in? - Yeah. Um.. I like having fun. I like socializing. Um, I love my job. - Hi. - 'Hi.' I'm Shivani. - 'Shivani?' - Yes, nice to meet you. Shivani, Arthur. Lovely to meet you too. - How are you doing? - I'm very well. - You look stunning. - Aw, thank you. 'Your hair is so long.' - Really? I just had it cut. - 'Oh, really?' - Yeah. It was longer before. - Oh. I'm a chiropractor. Well, maybe I'll get you to crack my back a little bit. I knew you were gonna say that. [instrumental music] (Rosie) When I see the bachelor, I look at his height. - I'm Rosie. Yeah. - Rosie? - Arthur. - Hello. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. And I really want tall babies. [laughing] I got you a flower. - Thank you. - It's a flower from a flower. - Flower from a flower? - I'm Rosie. (Rosie) A flower from a flower. He completely got it. Which shows that he's sharp as tack. So, Rosie, tell me something interesting about yourself. I love to travel. Absolutely love to travel. - Yeah? - So, for my 30th birthday.. I went to Israel, Palestine and Jordan. Really? What made you wanna go there? I love danger. I love the uncertainty. I don't know what's gonna happen. I mean, I was walking through old city of Jerusalem and I could hear guns going off in the background and I just loved it. I love adventure. I went hedge diving about a year ago. Wow, that's nuts. You just love that sort of stuff, huh? I absolutely love it. Life is so short you just don't know when you're gonna die. We could walk across the road and we can get hit by a bus tomorrow and.. - I think you should live life. - Hopefully not. - Whoa, hopefully not, but.. - Yeah, I like that. - It's a great philosophy. - Yeah. I look forward to chatting more with you later on. - So do I. Thank you. - 'Yeah.' And thank you very much for this. - You're very welcome. - Rose from a rose. Yes. - 'Bye-bye.' - See ya. [instrumental music] [sighs] Now I've seen you all the weight has come off my shoulders. - I'm Arthur. - Hi, Arthur. I'm Poppy. - Poppy? - Yeah. - What a beautiful name. - Thank you very much. - Lovely to meet you. - Nice to meet you, too. I think there definitely is an instant attraction with Arthur. He could potentially be my husband. I'm a yoga instructor. Can you teach me some yoga now? Yeah, I can teach you tree pose if you want. - Tree pose. Let's do it. - Yeah. So, bring your left foot up to any point on your right leg. And then bring your hands to your heart's center. - Hand's to heart's center. - And some balance. Find a bit of breath. Am I doing tree pose, now? You're doing tree pose right now. Ah, I can see why the trees do it. - It's great. - Yeah. [laughing] Okay, cool. Well, thank you, Poppy. - Thank you. - Yeah. Yeah, I forward to doing some hand stands with you later on. (Poppy) Arthur is knockout material. I'm definitely flirting with Arthur. Who couldn't? Poppy, Poppy, Poppy. Poppy, Poppy, Poppy. (Brigette) I'm Brigette. I'm 25. I am from Queenstown and I'm a personal trainer. I thought you might need this. [laughing] Only problem is, I was thinking in the car you might be happier to see the beer than me. - Here you go. - You know what? I'm very happy to see you with the beer. (Brigette) Arthur is very cute. I don't really know too much about him yet so he's a bit mysterious which also is quite appealing I guess. - Yeah. - You've got something. Yeah, well done. - Thank you, Brigette. - Thanks. Brigette definitely seems like someone who's out for a laugh. Yeah, I like her. (Brigette) I hope I caught Arthur's eye. I felt that we clicked. Good drop. - How are you? - 'Good.' It's nice to see your smiling face at the end of the.. - Hi, I'm Arthur. - I'm Lisa. Nice to meet you. Lovely to meet you, too. Give me a quick rundown of you. I do a bit of boxing. - Not on me, hopefully. - No, no, but I can teach you. - Yeah, that'd be great. - Yeah. Definitely. (Lisa) I'm Lisa O'Loughlin. I'm 29. I am really competitive. I was picked to be part of the morpheme wildcards who gave up a spot on "The Bachelor." My biggest fear is probably rejection. Which is probably half the reason why I've never had a boyfriend. I'm still looking for my first love, I guess. I think this is uh, an opportunity, definitely. So, that's why I'm.. I'm here. (Natalie) I struggle to find men that are taller than me. It sucks, 'cause you meet someone who's really cool who you get along with. And they're like down here and I just can't do it. So, it is a little hard to find someone who is over six foot. - Hello. - 'Hello.' - How are you? - I'm great. How are you? I'm very good. Thank you. I'm Natalie. Natalie, Arthur. - Nice to meet you, Arthur. - Nice to meet you, too. I really want to stand up really straight. (Natalie) He is very good looking. And he is tall as well. I-I wanted to, like, go out and be, like.. I was wearing these massive heels as well so I don't want to be taller than him. I'm the oldest of three. And I have two younger brothers. Yeah? Is family kind of a big part of your life? Yeah. Well, we're really, really close, so, yeah. - It is pretty important to me. - Me too. Look forward to, um, talking more with you later on. - Okay. Nice to meet you. - Likewise. - See you later. - See ya. (Kristie) 'He looks handsome.' I'm sitting in the car and I can see the bachelor. And he's got a gorgeous smile. Hello. - Hi, I'm Kristie. - Kristie, Arthur. - Arthur, nice to meet you. - Yeah. We sort of lock eyes and it just sort of seems like time stands still, almost. - An you look amazing. - Thank you. - You look stunning as well. - It's very cool, this ring. - Yeah, you like it? - Yeah. - I'm shaking. - Oh, you are. He reaches for my hand and we can see my hand shaking. It's just, you know, it's all overwhelming. Don't worry, I'm nervous too. Everyone's nervous. Yeah. Make sure you come and grab me. Talk with me a bit more. Lovely to meet you. - Yeah, likewise. - He's got a beautiful face. His eyes are so gorgeous. I think he could absolutely be the one. (Mike) Coming up the competition steps up.. (Arthur) There's 21 sets of eyes just glued to me. It felt like I was being thrown into the lion's den. (Mike) ...as girl after girl.. ...fights for Arthur's attention. - Hi, blondies. - Hi. You did promise me two minutes of your time. (Arthur) I think first impressions are really important. You can pick up a lot about someone just by the way they present themselves and they talk to you just straight off the bat. - Hi, how are you? - I'm very well. - Good. I'm Fiona. - Fiona. It's a bit mind blowing, the whole situation. It's like going on a blind date with 21 girls. - I'm a little bit nervous but.. - I'm Arthur. - Nice to meet you. Hailey. - Hailey. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. I'm Arthur. Lovely to meet you, Carrisa. - Nice to meet you. - Yeah. Kristie, lovely to meet you. (Dani) My name is Dani. I'm 22. And I'm from Westmere in Auckland. - Hi. - How are you? - I'm good. - Your, like, so tall. - How are you? Dani, Art. - Hi. Dani. Nice to meet you. - Lovely to meet you, too. - Awesome. I am quite loud. Bet you'll probably see that inside. I wish I didn't tell him how much I like to talk. Because it's probably the wrong thing to say when you first meet someone. Um, I don't want to overwhelm him but I think I might have. Dani, Daniel and Danielle. No, I'm Danielle though. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, she's Dani, she's Danielle, and I'm Danielle. There's too many. Yup. Oh, my God. He's so hot. Wow. You look dazzling. Thank you. Hi, I'm Amada. Nice to meet you. Amanda. I'm Arthur. - Ooh, Arthur. - Very European. Yes, very European. I'm finally there and I give him the European kiss, like.. And I think he was a bit swept away by that, maybe. Do you take an interest in health and fitness? Oh, yeah, of course. Gotta keep my body. That's right. Obviously, you do. Give us a twirl. Fantastic. That's a really cool dress. Thank you. I really like it too. - Well, it fits you very well. - Thank you. You really suit it. - Yeah, get on in. - Thank you. - See you. - See ya. Amanda wore a sparkly dress. [indistinct chatter] He's very cute. Very cute. Beautiful eyes. (Amanda) As soon as I walked in, I was like "This is intimidating." I just really needed some champagne. Okay, sip. Oh, there was Chrystal, Fiona, Dani.. There are so many girls and so many names so I decided to make a bit of a song to remember them. ♪ Dani to Alysha ♪ ♪ Chrystal and Amanda and.. ♪♪ And I got to about there and I lose track. [sighs] - That was a big sigh. - 'It's true.' Gotta hyperventilate. - 'Yeah. Hi.' - Concentrate on my breathing. - Hi. Natasha. - Natasha, Arthur. - Lovely to meet you. - Yeah, nice to meet you, too. Should have got some of my lipstick on you. Let the rat for the rest of the girls. Arthur looked really good in the suit. I find guys in suits very desirable. So that was very nice. I'm a pretty good chess player and I'm pretty competitive. - Chess? - Yeah. That's a game that I do not know how to play. - I brought a chess board. - Oh, you have to teach me. Yeah, what about you, anything interesting? I can clap with one hand. Like... that. Good hands, that's always a good sign. Yup. - Alright. - Nice to meet you. Yeah, lovely to meet you too. We'll chat more. - Yeah, of course. - Right. [indistinct chatter] - He's gorgeous. - Good surprise, I thought. (Chrystal) Now, that I've met Arthur, the bachelor I would love to get a rose from him. [indistinct chatter] He could be Prince Charming but we have to get to know him a little bit better. I feel bad 'cause I didn't ask him anything about him. I feel like I was being really selfish. Yeah. He's hot, tall, ideal. He seems lovely. (Kristie) I'm pretty competitive at most things that I do. So, once I sat down, I sort of scoped out who would be my competition. Just sort of keep my eye on them. Good evening, ladies. - Hi. - 'Good evening.' No doubt you've been enjoying these spectacular surroundings. What can I tell you about tonight? Well, tonight is all about this. Being given a rose by the bachelor signifies his desire to get to know you better. 'Receiving one guarantees' more one-on-one time with Arthur. 'And the opportunity for you to continue your search' 'for true love.' 'There are 21 beautiful women in this room' 'but sadly' 'there are only 17 roses.' (Poppy) When I see the roses suddenly the nerves set in. (Brigette) I'm gonna be devastated if I don't receive a rose in the first ceremony. It'd be really, really upsetting to be honest. So, with the cocktail party about to begin 'I urge you to take every opportunity you can' 'to get to know Arthur better.' 'Without any further ado' 'it is my great pleasure' 'to introduce to you' your bachelor. [cheering] Wow! (Dani) Yeah, I definitely fancy Arthur. I think he's a really lovely guy and it doesn't hurt that he's easy on the eyes. I can't tell what his body is like under that suit but maybe I'll find out if I get a rose. First, I'd like to say thank you very much 'for being here with me tonight.' 'It's an absolute pleasure to be standing' in front of so many beautiful women. 'We have an amazing adventure ahead of us' and I hope you're as excited as I am about it. There's 21 sets of eyes just glued to me and that's just intense. It felt like I was being thrown into the lion's den. (Natasha) Tonight will be a really big night because there are gonna be four girls leaving. There's gonna be a lot of drama. (Arthur) 'I'd like to propose a toast to us' and the adventure of which we're about to embark on. - Cheers. - Cheers. (Rosie) Tonight is going to show some people's true colors. It's gonna be the cougars of the group who go after the bachelor with their claws out. It's gonna be the introverted girls that sit out of the limelight. - Not gonna get aggressive. - No way. Yeah. I think already I can see some underlying cattiness. (Chrystal) We are competing for one man but I think the girls think they're in, like, high school sorority being best friends. (Arthur) The cocktail party is my chance to get to know the girls a bit better and I've got a few roses that I can hand out before the Rose Ceremony to anyone that I click with. Oh, he's making a move. - 'Hey.' - Good evening. - How's it going? - Good. How are you? - Yeah. - Little bit more relaxed now. Yeah. How about you? What did you study? - Sports Science. - 'Oh, yeah?' Yeah. So, I did a lot of anatomy and all that sort of stuff as well. It's like a job interview. I've got so many questions being thrown at me left, right and center. So, you used to be a personal trainer? - Yeah. Yeah, yeah. - Awesome. (Lisa) He must have a really good body under that suit. I think there definitely needs to be some pool action going on. So what do you do in, like, your spare time for fun? I try to surf. I'm not very good. - I'll teach you how to surf. - 'Yeah?' - 'Are you a bit of a surfer?' - Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a bit of a connection so hopefully I do get that one-on-one chat with him later on in the night. (Alysha) Tonight is crazy. There is a lot of estrogen flying around. (Poppy) I'm seeing eyes just darting all over the place. Girls are ready to make their move. It's like we've all got little Arthur radars. [indistinct chatter] (Kristie) I'm sitting there off to the side and I'm trying to catch his eye, and we catch a little glimpse. - Hi! - How's everyone going? - Good. - 'Yeah?' How's the espresso martini? Great. Going down very well. (Danielle B) We're all on the edge of our seats waiting to see who gets the first one-on-one time with Arthur. - Give me a sip of that puppy. - Yeah? Would you like a sip? Yes, definitely would love one. We were talking about this and then you floated in the door with one. It was good. (Matilda) Chrystal is definitely huge competition. She's definitely someone to watch out for. Thank you. (Arthur) Chrystal seems like someone I'd really like to get to know a little bit better. I mean, she looks incredible. (Hayley) Arthur's definitely like the honey pot tonight. He is the gorgeous, luscious honey with the bees swarming to him. Remember you telling me you were a teacher. He was having a conversation where we were all in awe looking up to him, and especially me. I was sort of like looking up at an angel. Hey, Kristie would you like to come down to the lakeside with me? Love to. (Kristie) You know, all the girls are looking at me I can just feel their eyes in the back of my head. (Art) I decided to ask Kristie for my first one-on-one chat 'cause I wanted to see if there was a little bit more to her than just a really pretty exterior. I'm a dancer and a cheerleader. - That's right. - And I also love to play rugby. I want to start off slow and then get into the more deeper and honest questions about love. - I was brought up on a farm. - Yeah. Down to earth country chick. - I like to get my hands dirty. - Yeah. Always up for a challenge. Is he still with the blonde girl? What if we all went as a group? - If you go, I'll go with you. - It's done. - Are you two going? - Yeah. Your butt looks really good. I'll just walk towards him backwards. (Matilda) Kristie's had her turn now, so I think it's time that we join in the conversation so at least I get some time, too. - What else to tell you? - Dog person or cat person? - Oh! Don't do this to me. - 'Hello. Can we join?' I think the girls could've been definitely jealous. I mean, he found me first, which was thrilling. - Yeah, that's cool. - 'Good to see you.' - 'I just don't get dog people.' - 'Yeah.' (Kristie) I think we saved the conversation a little bit because they were talking about dog or cat people and there's only so far you can go with that conversation. So tell me like why you're still single. - So you want the rundown? - Yup. - How crazy are you? - Um, really crazy. (Kristie) I don't really care what they think, to be honest. I'm here for love, I'm not really here to make friends. I reckon we should probably try and speak to our lovely bachelor. Would you take the lead, Poppy? I'm feeling nervous. - You've got this. - Arthur? [laughing] - 'Hello.' - 'Hi.' - How was your date? - Yeah. It was really, really nice. But, um, the girls came over and stole him away. So I didn't receive a rose and I am a little bit disappointed and disheartened. But you know what, I had a long chat with him and I hope that's enough for me to receive a rose later on. Yeah, well, you, too. Thank you for chatting with me. - 'You're welcome. See ya.' - I see that he's on his own And I'm really shy so I whisper, "Arthur!" Arthur! And he looks at me, and then I thought "Here's your shot, Poppy. Go for it." Go, go. Wave at him. - Thank you for coming over. - That's alright. I'd love to speak to you a little bit more in private. - If that's okay. - Yes, of course. Oh, look, he's with another one. Another one of the girls. I am off, like a rat up a drain. - I wanna know about you. - No, I don't wanna know.. About me. I wanna know about you. What do you do? Poppy stands out from the others because she has a really cute British accent and some amazing blue eyes. He's with Poppy. Just pop in. Did you just spank me? Chrystal's really keen to make other girls steal him away. - Whoever loses.. - 'Paper, scissors, rock.' - 'Whoever loses..' - Goes. - Paper, scissors, rock. - One, two, three. Yeah, off you go, sister. I'm not sure if that was her trying to make them look bad but she didn't do it herself. Sorry, I lost a game of paper, scissors, rock which meant I had to come in and interrupt. Brigette comes in and I feel like a total gooseberry. You could join her in well. Here's your time. - No way. - 'You could just say, "Hey--"' Don't use my tricks on me. Like, I mean, yeah you can sit down and know whether, like I'm gonna connect with this person or not. (Alysha) I'm standing there and I thought to myself "You cannot leave this house with any regrets." So can I steal him away from you? I was the girl that busted in, and I didn't think I would be. Enjoy it. Nice talking to you. It's a bit like a whirlwind. I'm gonna do it. Do you mind if I join? - Girl after girl.. - Hi, blondies. Just kind of in a hurricane of girls. You did promise me two minutes of your time. Girls naturally are very predatory and they are territorial. Kind of like, if I'm out swimming in the ocean and there's a shark. 'I don't need to be faster than the shark' I just need to be faster than you. [laughing] - 'I'm Dani.' - Danielle. Dani.. There's three of us, actually. This is a crazy scenario, you know? - I'm Natalie. - Dani, Danielle, Natalie. I can't even get one minute alone with him. - Amanda. Lisa. - Amanda. Lisa. - And Carrisa. Yeah. - And Carrisa. (Hayley) I see just so many other gorgeous girls flocking around him. - Hey. - Hello. - How's everything going? - Good. - Do you want a seat? - ' You know what, I won't.' I'm just gonna steal Shivani away. - Oh. - Yeah. Yeah, come with me. (Natalie) It's horrible watching girls one by one by one go up and you're just thinking to yourself that you're gonna be the last one with nothing in your hand, ready to go home. Tell me about yourself. Even though I'm born in New Zealand like I've been brought up with, like really close to my Indian culture and values and things like that and I'm not really keen to be so open 'with things like kissing and things like that.' - I completely respect that. - Yeah. - 'Yeah.' - Just thought I'd tell you now. When I told him that I wasn't keen on kissing in public he took it really well. I was quite relieved. - You need to go then. - If you want a rose.. You have to go and talk to him, probably. I've never been in love before and I'm 23, I've finished uni. (Natalie) Everyone else is in love and everything and I'm like, I want that! Oh. What is this pressure to go? - I don't want to. - 'You need to go.' I'm too scared. Like, I'm really lucky that my family have let me come and do this, anyway, so I don't wanna How are you? I'm just wondering if I could steal you away. Um.. So I decided to go and talk to him just because I thought, you know, it's now or never. Yes. You know what? I've just got like a couple of more.. If you just give us, like, 30 seconds. - Okay, that's cool. - Yeah. Didn't go to plan, but you gotta give things a go. He just told her that he wanted a couple of more minutes with Shivani. - He's curious. - Yeah. Yeah, I thank you for being so open about that and bringing it up and everything. Just thought I'd let you know. It's just not my style to interrupt. 'I know I should, and I know time's running out' but I'm just gonna wait for the perfect time. (Rosie) The girls that sat out of the limelight actually have a little bit of a master plan. A little bit of mystery goes a long way. It might actually lure the bachelor to them. (Natalie) Chrystal was sitting by herself by the lake and she definitely wanted him to come over. You don't just go on a dating situation and just sit there and not talk. Chrystal seems to be a bit unavailable tonight. Yeah, I'm not sure whether that's a game plan or.. Treat 'em mean, keep 'em keen. (Chrystal) My strategy tonight would be to probably zip it for as long as possible. Game plan masher. (female #2) 'That's awesome. When was that?' (Dani) Chrystal is a little bit intimidating. Don't really know what to think of it just yet. The stand out for me is definitely Matilda. I just wanna, like, at least spend a week. She's lovely and beautiful on the inside and out. [chuckles] Um, I was wondering if I could steal Matilda. Would you like to come for a walk? - Love to. - Yeah. (Matilda) I could see some of the girls. Their faces were not very happy. I was stoked. So happy. So why are you here? I guess it's sort of hard to meet guys when, um.. My life pretty much revolves around work and then seeing my friends. I'm just realizing how relaxed I felt around him. I just felt completely at ease. We have a really good connection already. How do you find it hard to meet? I just, honestly, have not had any time. Time is so the issue, isn't it? I know! Time's important, you know? It's.. I guess I haven't made the time for it either. Yeah, what's your sort of like main thing that you look for in someone? Someone who is completely themselves and, you know, can laugh at themselves and a dork is actually kind of-- - Yeah, massive dork. - Yeah, so.. Awesome. Yeah. Um, hey, do you wanna just wait here for a second? - Yup. Okay. - And I'll be back shortly. (Matilda) When he said there's just something I have to do I'm thinking, "Oh, my God, he's bored already "so he's gonna go and get one of the other girls and bring them into the conversation." - He's going to get roses. - Is he, actually? Oh, my gosh. He's giving out roses already. (Natalie) I need to step up my game. Matilda, will you accept this rose? I do. I will. Thank you. - You're welcome. - Thank you so much. - Thank you for being here. - 'Yay!' - Yay? I know! Yeah. - What else.. (Matilda) It was a really good surprise. I wasn't expecting that at all. My rose! The first rose! [laughs] Ah. Watch your step. Ooh. [laughing] - Watch my step. - Yeah, watch your step. More like it. It was quite cute that he was looking out for me but fell a bit himself. [laughs] Uh, it's a bit slippery there. (Art) I gave Matilda the first rose tonight because she just blew me away and she seems really laid back and friendly and easy-going. (Poppy) When I see Arthur give a rose to Matilda the Arthur radar goes on a little bit stronger. I think now the girls might see me as a bit of competition. - 'Come over here right now.' - Yeah. I don't wanna brag or anything. You know? (Kristie) Matilda receives a rose, we're all kind of like "What about us?" Kristie's really competitive. (Poppy) She's also very cunning. She's got eyes in the back of her head. (Natalie) We're sitting on the couch trying to figure out who's gonna be the next one to make the move and a few of the girls were trying to encourage me. You could say your first real boyfriend was the Bachelor. Have you not had a boyfriend before? - No. - Stop it. Hi. How are you all? - Hi. Good. - Hi. Do you mind if I steal Amanda for a couple of minutes? - Sure. - Yeah? - Your hands are really soft. - Yeah, thanks. And you're quite hot. - Why are you here? - To fall in love. - To fall in love? - Yes. Yeah. And to find somebody who's funny has a great sense of humor. You rate your sense of humor, do you? Oh, yeah. Pretty funny. - Well, I think I'm funny. - Yeah. And what's your previous relationship background? - I have two kids. - You have two children? - Twins. I have twins. - Twins? Yeah. Oh, by the way, I've got twins. - How old are they? - They're nearly three. - Identical? - No, one's a girl. - One's a boy. - Okay. Wow, okay. Intimidated now? - You're like, "Whoa!" - No. No, no, no. That's fine. I'm all about kids, I'm all about family, so it's great. (Amanda) I am surprised that he didn't seem to mind because I've dated guys in the past that have been like "Oh, you've got two kids." Then it's like, "Well, they're little people. They're cool." (narrator) Coming up, panic sets in. I kinda wanna go and talk to him before time runs out. Go, quick. Ten minutes, girls. (Natalie) I want a rose really badly. I don't wanna go home. So I heard that you're from Otago. - Yeah, did you study in-- - Yeah, I studied at Otago. There's limited time in the cocktail party and I've only got time to talk to so many girls. (Art) So it's pretty tough on everyone. - You haven't had a one-on-one. - No. [laughs] I feel like I just wanna just have like a quick chat. - Before we run out of time. - 'Take his hand.' I can't. I can't do it alone, though. Natalie had said to me that she wanted me to go with her. (Danielle B) I really didn't feel comfortable doing that. Why are you not keen? I'm just.. It's not my style. Approach us. (Art) Possibly the shier girls need to become a little bit more confident to come and have a chat with me. I mean, I'm only human, and I don't bite. I was wondering if I could steal Danielle. - 'Yeah. Sure.' - Yeah? - Go, Danielle. - Sounds good. I feel silly saying it, but you're 26. I'm a little bit older. - How old are you? Sorry. - 'Take a guess.' Uh, 28? - Take another one. - 27? - That's nice. - Don't make me guess. - 33. - Wow. You don't look 33. I am. I'm 100% 33. - I'm also a proud mother. - Yeah. (Danielle L) I was a little bit reluctant to tell him on our very first one-on-one that I was a mum. - I've got two boys. - Two boys. - How old are they? - One's eight and one's five. Oh, wow. I felt that if I didn't tell him then it would seem like I was omitting details. I definitely am missing friendship and whatnot and I'm, I'm ready for that again. Yeah. Do you mind just waiting here for a second? - Sure. - Yeah. When he walked away, I really had no idea what he was doing. I just thought maybe he was going to get a drink or get someone else to come join us for a chat or.. She's sitting there by herself. (female #3) 'I think he's giving her a rose.' - Oh, shit! - 'He's giving her a rose.' Maybe you could intercept the rose. Intercept the rose. [laughing] Wow! That was unexpected. Danielle, will you accept this rose? Yes, thank you very much. (Poppy) Double panic when he gives a rose to Danielle L. Suddenly the nerves set in. I thought you were just doing to ditch. No. (Danielle L) I feel safe and happy so I don't have to worry about the rose ceremony. I just feel so comfortable around you. It's cool. - 'Okay, well, that's good.' - Yeah. This took more junk stuff than house stuff. Yeah. I would love to talk more of that. Do you guys feel more pressure now that there's two roses being brought out and we don't have any? Does anyone else wanna come with me? I've gotta do something. I've gotta get a rose. (Natalie) Haven't done anything, I've sat here like a scaredy-cat in the corner, watching and hoping and.. He's coming. He's coming over. - Hi, guys. - Hi! Rosie, would you like to, um, go have a little chat? - I would love to! - Yeah? Yeah, of course! Cool. (Rosie) He asked me for some one-on-one time. I'm feeling really good about that, um even though I was expecting it. - Should we link arms? - Yeah, let's link arms. Alright, let's do this! I've had a string of sort of turbulent relationships. Turbulent is what way? I've had one guy rip my heart out of my chest and I'm sure a lot of people have been through that before. You know? Now I've got all my ducks lined in a row. I've got my career sorted out, I've got my finances sorted out. - What's your career? Sorry. - I'm in real estate. - Hi! - 'Guys.' - Hi. - Hey. May we join? (Art) Chrystal could possibly be playing a sort of.. - Of course. - Take a seat. ...mysterious game. Some of the other girls are possibly quite intimidated. - We were just discussing.. - Careers. When Hayley and I walked up I don't think Rosie was very happy. - Why are you here? - Um.. I'm here to meet the love of my life. Rosie is definitely not a happy camper at this stage. (Hayley) The attention went from her and shifted to Chrystal and even myself, I just felt I couldn't really have that good, quality time because they are very much involved. Have you been to the Middle East? (Art) 'I've never been to the Middle East.' Do you have any desire? Um, not in the immediate future. I like a man that likes danger. And there's no more dangerous place in the world than the Middle East. Rosie is crazy. (Art) And I think she's quite a character. Yeah, I like her. - Have you travelled before? - 'I have.' I coached tennis in the States for a little bit. (Rosie) We start talking about their travel stories which I have absolutely no interest in. I definitely think that Chrystal and the bachelor have some chemistry. Like, my group of friends, we were all in a team. - 'So it was very cool.' - 'Okay.' Guys, I think if time's running out it's a really good strategy to go and interrupt. - Do you wanna go over? - No, no, no. (Lisa) I think being around all the other girls has definitely lifted my confidence knowing that you do have to put yourself out there. - He's really easy-going. - Yeah, he's so nice. So I just decided that I'd wander over. - ...Long Beach. - There's African tribes.. - Hi, ladies. Hi, Arthur. - Hey! - How we going? - Very well. It's a little bit pretty down here. I don't mean to be rude, but I do have to leave and, um, meet some other ladies. So that didn't go as planned. - I must. - Not sorry. - Yeah, talk to you again later. - Bye! [laughs] Was that my fault? I just wanna be able to travel with someone and just have some.. Yeah, yeah. No, it was really, really nice talking to you. - Oh, n-nearly hit that. - Careful of that chandelier. You can have a really good discussion with him. Like, he's really great to talk to. - Hello. - There he is. That is not fair! (Lisa) I don't know how much he heard but he definitely knew I was talking about him. Ladies, if you don't mind, I would just like a wee chat with Lisa, if you don't mind. 'Sorry, I felt a little bad before' just sort of ditching you back there. It's alright, I kinda walked and I was, like "Um, was it something I said?" Yeah. Oh, no. Bad timing. Just had a wee chat about why I'm here and why I'm looking for love. I've always been that girl that's never had a boyfriend. - Never? - 'No.' Never ever? I know what I want in life but then I've got to learn to let someone else in. Opened up a little bit more than what I would normally with a guy, so that kinda made me feel at ease as well. I would love to get a rose tonight. It'd be great to get to know Arthur a lot better. (narrator) Coming up, 17 roses for 21 girls. Who will make it through the first rose ceremony? It's been very difficult for me but I've come to my decision. (Natalie) I feel like I didn't do enough to get a rose. Okay, ladies. 'It is time to wrap up proceedings.' 'No doubt you all enjoyed tonight's cocktail party.' - Yes! - Yes! Arthur, if you could join me, please. For you, it's time to take a few moments 'before the rose ceremony.' 'And no doubt, you've got some pretty big decisions to make.' Yeah, I do. (Mike) 'So we will leave these beautiful women' 'and if you can follow me, let's go.' (Art) 'Alright.' (Natalie) I don't wanna go home, we've just got here we've just met him. I want a rose. (Lisa) I definitely will be disappointed if I have to go home tonight. (Natasha) I didn't get one-on-one time so I'm really unsure if I'm gonna get a rose tonight. (Chrystal) It will be nice to feel safe. (Arthur) It's quite difficult deciding who to give roses out to tonight. I don't know anyone very well at all. Some of my decisions are quite easy but some of them are a bit more difficult. I don't know who I'm gonna give them to. Welcome, everyone 'to our very first rose ceremony.' It's been a long night, and I know for some of you 'you struggled to grab time with Arthur.' And you probably all wish you had just a little more time. 'Danielle and Matilda' congratulations, you both received roses which means tonight you have nothing to worry about. There are 15 roses left to hand out 'which means, sadly, four of you' 'will be leaving the mansion tonight.' (Natalie) My confidence drained as soon as I stood up. (Kristie) I'm gonna be devastated if I don't receive a rose in the first ceremony. (Shivani) I am quite nervous. (Chrystal) I think I'm gonna get a rose tonight. I don't think I have anything to worry about. Ladies, I wish you the best of luck. Here is Arthur. Thank you all for this evening. 'It was an absolute pleasure' 'getting to know so many of you.' Unfortunately, I wasn't able to spend as much time with some of you as I would've liked. (Natalie) I feel like he doesn't know who I am, what my name is. (Amanda) I'm feeling really anxious and shaky. It's been very difficult for me but I've come to my decision. (Shivani) It's actually a lot more nerve-racking that I thought it was going to be. Carrisa. Carrisa, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. Brigette. - Will you accept this rose? - Yes. (Dani) This first ceremony is really important. It's the first impression. (Michelle) I would be very disappointed if I didn't get a rose 'cause I'd really like to spend more time with him. Lisa. Lisa, will you accept this rose? Yes. Definitely. (Hayley) Yeah, I'm not confident about getting a rose. He didn't give me enough of a chance to show the real me. Shivani. Shivani, will you accept this rose? Love to. Thank you. Hayley. (Kristie) The entire rose ceremony I was holding my breath. I want an opportunity to show him who I am. Hayley, will you accept this rose? Yes, I'd love to. Thanks. (Hayley) I did think I was going home and I'm feeling great! (Chrystal) As the roses were getting handed out we were moving down as each girl was getting a rose. I could feel people tapping and vibrating where we were standing. So, yeah, definitely could cut that tension with a knife. (Natalie) Feeling a little bit invisible right now. I'm not confident at all. In my mind, I'm going home. (Danielle B) I don't feel 100% confident that Arthur can probably put a name to my face. He's got a lot of names to remember. Danielle. (Amanda) It gets to about the middle of the ceremony and I'm feeling really nervous and sweaty. Danielle, will you accept this rose? Happily. Thank you. I'm definitely going home now. (Alysha) I was counting from about rose eight. I counted them on the platter and was thinking "You know, am I gonna get one?" (Arthur) 'Amanda.' (Amanda) I am ecstatic, just so happy. I'm not going home. Yay! Amanda, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. Sorry, can I please interrupt? And I'm like, "Oh, God. What have I done?" Is she gonna be like, "She doesn't deserve a rose!" Is that okay? [intense music] Sorry, can I please interrupt? Can I have a minute of your time? Rosie speaks up and said she wants to speak to Arthur. Is that okay? - Yeah. - Is that okay? - 'Yeah, sure.' - Okay. - 'We'll go outside?' - Yeah, yes, please. Is she going to declare her undying love? Is she going to say a poem. (Natasha) Is she gonna make some last-ditch attempt? I don't know. - Sorry. - It's alright. You're an amazingly handsome man and I'm sure you're gonna have a lot of fun. But this whole experience, um just doesn't feel right for me. - Is it about the girls or what? - No, no, not at all. It has absolutely nothing to do with you um, absolutely nothing to do with the other girls. They're amazing. - I'm a little bit disappointed. - Me, too. - Um.. - You take care. - Yeah, I will. - You take care. [indistinct chatter] - That was so good to meet you. - Yeah, it was really, uh.. Actually, really was good to meet you. - Yeah. You, too. - Okay. - All the best. Yeah. - Thank you very much. (Art) She wants a man that's into going to dangerous countries and having adventures, and I don't know about the whole dangerous countries side of things. Um, I'm more keen on something more chilled out. [indistinct chatter] Drama. (female #1) We had no idea what's going on. So that was a big shock for us. Ladies, I have some news. Rosie has decided that her heart isn't in it. So tonight she has left the bachelorette mansion. (Amanda) How could she not be attracted to him? He's a babe. She was crazy. (Dani) It's good that there's one girl less, so perfect. Rosie. Eh, she went home. Ha-ha. The good news is, there are still seven roses left to hand out that means only three of you will be leaving the mansion tonight. Good luck. Arthur, you can continue. Thanks. (Poppy) My name isn't being called out and my heart beats faster. (Alysha) If I'm meant to go home, I'm meant to go home. That's it. I don't know why I'm crying. Ugh.. - Natalie. - Ooh.. (Natalie) I was not expecting a rose at all tonight so I was relieved to be getting one. Natalie, will you accept this rose? Yes, most definitely. Thank you. You're welcome. Rosie did me a favor for sure. (Kristie) I was counting again, now there's five, there's four. Natasha. Natasha, will you accept this rose? Yes, definitely. I'm a bit surprised. But happily surprised. - That's good. - Thank you. (Michelle) The time's running out and I'm really stressed. Christy. (Kristie) The bachelor calls out our name. He holds quite a long time before he says, "Christy." [indistinct] (Kristie) And I'm pushed all the way down the line. Still no Kristie with a K. - Alysha. - Killing me here. (Michelle) I'm slightly jealous that she got a rose. - Will you accept this rose? - Okay. Chrystal. Yay! Will you accept this rose? Let me think about it. Yes. (Poppy) I'm doing the Ujjayi breath. You breath in and out through your nose. Sounds a little bit like Darth Vader. Poppy. Oh.. Poppy, will you accept this rose? Of course, I will, Arthur. Thank you. (Kristie) I'm looking at the three girls in front of me. There's one single rose left. Doubt is definitely creeping inside. (Michelle) I'd be very disappointed if I didn't get a rose tonight. This has been, uh, an incredibly tough decision. (Kristie) If it's not meant to be, it's not meant to be and that's just the way it's gonna be. The final rose.. ...is for.. ...Kristie. (Kristie) Finally, finally, finally he looks at me and he says "Kristie." Kristie, will you accept this rose? I don't know how to begin. Of course. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Yes! That's me. Yay! Ladies, if you did not receive a rose 'please take a few moments to say your goodbyes.' [indistinct chatter] Hate goodbye, ladies. [indistinct chatter] Nice to meet you. Thank you so much. Yeah, nice to meet you, too. - See you. - Yeah, see you. (Fiona) I'm feeling slightly relieved completely out of my comfort zone. I think he's got a great group of girls and he's gonna find someone. It's nice to have met you, and good luck um, in your quest to find your perfect one. Yeah, you, too. You'll find someone. (Nikki) I probably could have been a bit more outgoing and-and I guess that's the difference between probably getting chosen and not getting chosen. I hope you find love, all these girls are amazing so I'm sure one of these will be right for you. - Thank you so much. - Thanks so much. Thank you. Thank you, ladies, for accepting these roses tonight. It's been a very tense evening for all of us. But I look forward to our adventures ahead. 'So enjoy your new home.' - Cheers! - Cheers! - Whoo! - Whoo-hoo! (narrator) Next time on "The Bachelor.." - Come on down. - Love is in the air. Arthur organizes the first ever series of spectacular dates. Do you think that they would've kissed on the first one-on-one date? Then a group date leaves some girls at sea. Oh, my God, no way! Later, tears, as the pressure proves too much. Yeah, I'm really happy right now. You know, uh.. (Natalie) I feel like an idiot 'cause I've just broken him on this obviously very serious conversation. (narrator) And who will make it through the next rose ceremony? (Danielle L) This really could be my last night. (narrator) And coming up in the weeks ahead dates get ever more exotic. Are you serious? (female #2) There are so many feelings involved people are gonna start getting really hurt. - As girl after girl.. - I wanna win. (narrator) ...falls for the bachelor's charms. Yeah, I could see myself falling for him. [instrumental music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 