The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 The Bachelor pulls out all the stops to impress on a spectacular single date. But is he throwing pearls before swine? The group date sees the girls well outside their comfort zone as Mike and The Bachelor put them all through their paces. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Mike) Previously on "The Bachelor" the first kiss.. [instrumental music] ...sent shock waves through the mansion. - Did you get the kiss? - I did. I don't wanna hear those things. (Mike) Then at the cocktail party two more girls caught Arthur's eye. You have made my night tonight. (Natalie) 'He's giving her a rose.' Why didn't I get one? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (Mike) Tonight. This is amazing. (Mike) High romance at a fairytale setting. (Chrystal) I definitely think Arthur is someone that I could fall in love with. (Mike) Later, the catwalk turns into a cat fight.. I'm not sure why Dani's in a bridal gown and no one else. (Mike) ...as the girl's model.. ...for a one on one photo shoot with Arthur. At the cocktail party they girls pull rank. We're gonna boycott going up to Arthur tonight. (Mike) But who will be the first to crack? You broke the boycott. [intense music] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [instrumental music] (Arthur) So far the dates have been quite adventurous and lots of fun, but I'm quite keen to up the ante and make the dates a bit more romantic and really spoil the girls, and show them how serious I am in my search for love. [laughing] [indistinct chatter] - He's coming. - I'm really excited. - Hello, ladies, how are we? - Good. 'Today, The Bachelor is upping the ante.' Accompanying your date card is a very special fashion delivery selected by Arthur for one lucky woman. Who, may I say, is in for a very special night. Oh, my God. (Shivani) It'd be pretty cool to get a single date with Arthur. I always date tall guys, love tall guys. So, I'll leave this with you. I think everyone wants to get their hands on that box. Okay, I'm gonna read it. (Kristie) I think after the girls have been on a single date they come back glowing. You know, I wanna get to know him just as well them and show him that I'm just as good as anybody at the moment. I'm excited for it. Whoo! Okay. "However you slice it, you'll always shine." - It's a cooking class. - Wow. - Diamonds. - You slice diamonds. (Chrystal) I haven't had any one-on-one time with him. I am so sick of listening to these girls. (Danielle) 'So girls, are you ready to find out who it is?' (all) Yes. [suspenseful music] It's for. And all you're wanting to hear is your name. [music continues] Chrystal. [applauding and cheering] How do you like those apples? I am so excited. I don't think any of us really want Chrystal to get the one-on-one. (Poppy) She has been hunting Arthur. Now she gets to spend some one-on-one time with him. Chrystal's like a jaguar. She would rip him to pieces. Thank you. [all gasps] Wow! - That's gorgeous. - Cool. I don't think Art will want someone who sort of puts on different characters and different faces. That's gonna look so amazing on you Chrystal. Thank you Shivani. I think a lot of the girls are quite jealous on Chrystal. She has everything going for her. She's got a stunning body, it's gonna look great on her. I wouldn't mind wearing it myself. Maybe he's sorry for putting me in an alligator enclosure. [girls laugh] - 'Alright, have fun.' - 'Enjoy.' - Thank you. - Whoo-hoo! I'm not worried about Chrystal's date with Art. [indistinct chatter] My date with Art is gonna beat Chrystal's by far. [instrumental music] (Arthur) I've chosen Chrystal for the single date. She really intrigues me. I really wanna find out what makes her tick. First up, I've organized a private lesson with a top chef at the Seafood School. - Hi guys, I'm Mark. - Hi. - Chrystal, nice to meet you. - Art. Nice to meet you. Alright, got a very special class today. We got a masterclass on sushi. You guys ever made sushi before? - Never. - No. (Arthur) I organized this sushi class with Chrystal because I know she likes Japanese food. You want it sticky but not too sticky. I wasn't sure if she was gonna see itas a competition or just a bit of fun. - And there's your sushi. Easy. - 'Wow.' The fact that you're saying this is easy.. - Means it's not easy. - Yeah. (Chrystal) I'm really excited to be out of the house. - Aw. That's nice. - How 'bout that? (Arthur) It was a really good opportunity to get close to Chrystal and I think she quite liked it. I thought you might enjoy that. (Chrystal) Yeah, I feel really comfortable with Arthur. Hook a sister up with some more rice. Hook a sister up? How did you get rice everywhere? I think you need less rice. We're just joking around and getting our hands dirty making sushi. This date is starting really well. It looks good. I think it's gonna be delicious. So what do you think how Chrystal's up to on her date today? Something to do with cooking, maybe. That message was so cryptic. I know, Chrystal, shine, it's a diamond, I know it is. - Yeah, I think so. - I can feel it in my bones. Oh, are there not other things that shine? Nope, it's just a diamond, it's the only thing. If she comes back with a diamond I'm gonna die. [laughs] Yeah, I'm really curious to see how this date goes. There's just two very different sides that I'm seeing at the moment and I don't know which one is her. There is the very sweet girl that I get when I'm alone with her-- - Same as me. - 'Yeah.' And then in the group situation she says these nasty things, and I think, why are you saying that? She's like one of the girls I really like in the house but then when I see her and everyone's around in that environment, I'm like "Whoa, who is this person?" I know, I feel the exact same way. When she's gonna be on her own today with Arthur is she gonna show her sweet side? Look babe, I'm making us good sushi for dinner. You can clean this, 'cause I'm not. (Chrystal) I really like Arthur. He's super down to earth. Get back in there. And he's fun, and funny and very good looking. - That is my best one. - That's great. Looking at that, it looks like we're actually pros. Cheers. - Cheers. Good. - That was great. Yeah. I cant' wait till later for more of this date. (Mike) Coming up.. I love it. ...Arthur ramps up the romance. (Chrystal) I definitely think Arthur is someone that I could fall in love with. [instrumental music] [instrumental music] (Arthur) For the next part of the date I have organized for the whole of the museum to be cleared so it's just us two. I want tonight to be really special. So not only have I given Chrystal an evening dress to wear I've also bought her another gift that I think will be really something amazing. Wow, you look incredible. Thank you so much. You know what would make it look even better? What? Oh, my gosh. [laughs] - Thank you. - Yeah, open it. Hmm. These are like full diamond earrings. - They're beautiful. - Yeah, let's put 'em on. Yeah, okay, alright, let's get these puppies off. Yeah, do it, do it. Definitely, definitely diamonds are a girl's best friend. - Thank you. - This is very exciting. - You're welcome. - Thanks. The earrings are exactly my style. 'Wow.' This is very cool. Yes, thank you. - 'You look beautiful.' - Thanks. [instrumental music] (Arthur) Next I've got something planned that's really unique. Stop it. Oh, my gosh. I see our sushi. (Arthur) She seemed genuinely surprised that we were having dinner in the middle of the museum all to ourselves. This is pretty cool, I'm very impressed. I'm pleased. Arthur has done very well. Alright, let's go eat. (Chrystal) Not many have had dinner in one of Auckland's most beautiful buildings. [instrumental music] Have a seat. Hmm. [music continues] Can you get your ginger off my glass? I'm sorry. [suspenseful music] (Arthur) It's feeling a little bit awkward. I'm not quite sure how to break the ice. We did really well with our sushi. Yeah, if you cook like this for me all the time I would definitely keep you. Really? Well, what are your conditions? - Oh, like deal breakers? - Mm-hmm. Lying, too serious, like serious about everything.. Okay. ...would be deal breakers. You know I'm pretty serious about everything. [instrumental music] I'm having mixed feelings with Chrystal. Some things she says seem genuine, but at the same time I just can't quite get a gauge on her. Everyone thinks I'm mean because I speak my mind to their face and rather than bitch about them behind their back I would just say. I'm just not sure if I'm really talking to the real her sometimes. Do you think some of the other girls are intimidated by you? I'm not sure, but I don't think that's really any of my concern. I reckon they are. 'Cause you're gorgeous. When you step out of the car that first night I didn't expect someone as beautiful as you to walk out of that car. And I remember just going, like [gasps] "Oh, my God. This is real and she looks amazing." Thank you, that's a really nice compliment. I am incredibly attracted to Chrystal. She's an incredibly beautiful woman. So how was your other dates? Different than this, less elegant. I consider this quite romantic. - So, I'd say less romantic. - This is definitely romantic. The conversation with Arthur has flowed, it's been fun. I feel like I know him a lot more. Tonight, I really enjoyed myself and it's been really amazing, and then, like, how I feel it's gonna be hard when you go on the next date with the next person and coming back and listening to them 'cause I'm gonna know what they're talking about. Yeah. Sometimes she seems really genuine and I think I'm starting to see the real Chrystal which is nice. Cheers to amazing sushi, job well done. - Cheers to amazing sushi. - And an amazing night. - Yeah. - Thank you. You're welcome, thank you. I'm really looking forward to the rest of the evening. I've got something quite spectacular lined up and I just hope it's up to Chrystal's standards. [instrumental music] (Chrystal) He takes me to the rooftop to see the most amazing view of Auckland. - I love it. Thank you so much. - Incredible, huh. (Chrystal) Being allowed to go up on the roofof the museum was super special. It's just the perfect end to the day. [instrumental music] Are you gonna open your mouth? [instrumental music] Wow. Your lips are amazing. Kissing Chrystal was quite special. She's a really good kisser. (Chrystal) I'm really enjoying all of this romance. I'm just soaking it all up. I think I just put my leg up like that. - Did you? - Yes. - It's like a fairytale. - It is like a fairytale. (Arthur) Chrystal has a playful side and knows what she wants but she alsodoes like to push the boundaries. It'd be better if you dipped me, like that. - Should we try a dip? - Yes, try a fairytale dip. Okay, we're doing the dip. (Chrystal) Getting swept up in all the romance I definitely have feelings for Arthur. - Yes. - It's a fairytale. What am I thinking might be missing? What? Just hang on a second. (Chrystal) I have no idea what's in store. It's literally been surprise, after surprise after surprise, tonight. Chrystal... will you accept this rose? Yes, I will accept this rose. Thank you. [instrumental music] It's only natural to end the most amazing day with the most amazing kiss. (Arthur) It's everything that I hoped it would be and I'm feeling a really strong connection with Chrystal right now. (Chrystal) I definitely think Arthur is someone that I could fall in love with. [instrumental music] (Mike) Next.. Morning. ...Chrystal's diamond date rocks the mansion. Did you guys kiss? Oh, my God, I can not, not tell you about this kiss. (Matilda) Bit of a punch in the face for the rest of us. [dramatic music] [instrumental music] How late did Chrystal get in last night, Shivani? I was half asleep but she got in at about 1:00 a.m. I think. (all) Wow. Late night, I would say poor thing but not really. It's not very easy to date the same guy at once. A lot of the girls have had one-on-ones. I'm just still watching things unfold at the moment. Do you reckon she got a kiss and a rose? 100% (Danielle) 'She probably got a whole bouquet.' I'd like a single date. All the girls transform after a single date. I don't know he does but they all come out different. - Good morning. - Morning. (Brigitte) 'Here comes Sleeping Beauty.' I know right, I got in super late last night. (Alysha) I see that Chrystal seemed to be beaming so I'm assuming that it was a great night she's obviously got some feelings there 'cause she does have that beautiful-in-love glow. - How was it? - It was absolutely amazing. - Are they your earrings? - They're my earrings, now. [screaming] (Kristie) I didn't even notice, but they were brand new diamond earrings. (Matilda) I am a corpse right now, because I did say that if Chrystal would come home with diamonds, I would die. He's bringing his A-game. And she did, that lucky thing. He did really well. I think that was right up her alley. She looked like she was really enjoying those diamonds. I know right, it's really nice to get gifts. (Shivani) I think it is a bit much for a first date to be honest but I wouldn't refuse them if I was offered them. I was very lucky. Question of the day, did you guys kiss? [laughs] [suspenseful music] Oh, my God, I can not, not tell you about this kiss. We're on top of the freaking museum looking out over the sky tower, and then I get like a massive drop thing and.. [imitates kiss] and that was amazing, it was. I hope she's embellished the story a little bit because it sounds just sort of too good to be true. Was it the best kiss you've ever had? [suspenseful music] Pretty much, I'm gonna say yes, I think it was the best kiss I have ever had. Chrystal's date sounded very over the top. He's got his moves worked out, that's for sure. Yeah. (Dani) I think Chrystal might be making the date sound a lot betterthan it was. I just can't imagine them two together. (Chrystal) 'It was pretty much like a bit of a movie.' Yeah, he did really well. Hearing Chrystal telling us about how amazing the date was and she gets to keep the dress and these beautiful diamond earrings is a little bit of a punch in the face for the rest of. [instrumental music] - Girlies. - Whoo! - Look what I have? - Yay! Group dates are better than nothing if you can't get a single date. It's a group date today. I think I have a good chance of being on this group date today. I haven't been on a group date since week one. If I don't go on it, I'll be sad. "Put your best foot forward." - Dancing. - Dancing. - It's gonna be dancing. - It'll be salsa. I would really like it to be dancing. I love dancing. And the first girl going is, "Natalie." (Natalie) I've been on three group dates already. So I wasn't expecting one, but, hey, I'll take it. The next girl is... me! [cheering] - "Amanda." - Yes. Oh, I just spit. Sorry. - "Carissa." - Yay! - "Shivani." - Yay! And then my name was called, yeah. Both Alysha and I are stressing. We're both sharing glances. And we're like "Oh, my God, please have our names on this list." "Matilda." Yes. "Brigette." [cheering] And I'm waiting, and waiting some more and everyone's names are getting called out. ' "Danielle."' Looking over at Alysha, I'm sure she's thinking she's gonna be left out again. - And "Chrystal." - Yes. Even Chrystal's name gets called out. She's just been on the single date. And.. Come on, my name has to be coming up. There's no way that I can't be on this date. - "Dani." - Yay. So I was actually sweating bullets at that stage. (Natalie) Poor Alysha, I think she was really wanting that group date. Alysha surely isn't gonna be left out again. I couldn't think of anything worse then every other girl going on a group date and you being home by yourself. And "Alysha." [screaming and cheering] It's a full group date. - Whoo! - It's a party! Not only am I going, but everyone's going. - Oh, my God, I'm so excited. - This is gonna be so much fun. [instrumental music] (Dani) I'm really confused. We've got this crazy makeup and this outrageous hair. What could we possibly be done up like this for? Welcome to the stunning Wintergarden here in Auckland's Domain. Arthur wants to know how you all perform in the spotlight. So today, the Wintergarden becomes your catwalk. [all scream] Catwalk modeling. [instrumental music] Today is gonna be a lot of fun. 'Not only will you need to be confident and comfortable' in your own skin, but I really just want you to have fun and enjoy yourself. I feel that my talents lie in places other than catwalk modeling. I'm feeling excited 'cause it's something that I've never done before. (Mike) 'And whoever impresses him the most' 'will receive an intimate one-on-one photo shoot.' I really wanna win the photo shoot, so I've gotta come up with a strategy. [upbeat music] I am nervous, I've always been told to be a model but it's not really something that I thought I'd be good at. (Alysha) I think Chrystal is obviously gonna be the hot favorite because she does actually do a bit of modeling. She's got legs from here to the top of my head. (Brigette) Chrystal is standing right in front of me and I'm just thinking, Oh, my goodness, but I don't think I'm gonna look half as good as her. (Mike) Coming up, all eyes are on the catwalk. Togs, togs, undies, undies, I'm in my underwear. Oh, my God. (Mike) And the girls get catty. I'm not sure why Dani's in a bridal gown and no one else. Whoa. [instrumental music] [instrumental music] (Arthur) Today, I've organized a group datewith all the girls. They're going to be doing a catwalkat the Wintergardens. It's gonna be a really good chance to see who is confident and who is not afraid to just have a laugh at themselves. It was so nerve-racking going first. [upbeat music] She's walking out with confidence. (Shivani) Just having all eyes on you is pretty scary. (Alysha) I figure, Alysha you're not a model just do what you do best, and be an idiot. - Good stuff Alysha. - A lot of fun. Just do what you gotta do. (Arthur) Watching the girlson the catwalk was really interesting. (Carrisa) I've got a million things running through my mind, but the main one is don't trip. (Arthur) Some of the girls are up for it. Some of them are awkward. And it gave me a really good insight into their personalities. That was so much fun, I loved it. I'm just thinking to myself, don't screw this up. Walk straight, don't fall over. I don't think I'm very modelesque at all. (Mike) 'Beautiful.' (Arthur) I was really surprised with Natalie, you know. For someone who comes from like a male-dominated rough and tumble sporting background to then walk on this catwalk and just be so beautiful and elegant. Amazing, that was great. Nailed it. [quirky music] (Matilda) I just didn't know whether to smile or look all modely, and then I got to the end made some weird muscleman and a bit of the this. That's strong Matilda, strong, I liked it. I had fun, it was good. It wasn't as bad as I thought it was. [upbeat music] Togs, togs, togs, undies, undies, these are totally undies I'm in my underwear, oh, my God. (Arthur) Dani, she just made everything so playful and fun, and she was so confident. (Dani) He gave us a few clues about what he's looking for so I'm just gonna be myself. If that means being silly, I'm gonna be silly. [laughing] [music continues] Walking down the runway, I'm kind looking like Sideshow Bob off "The Simpsons." (Arthur) Chrystal didn't really look bothered. I had actually thought she was gonna do really well. (Chrystal) Spontaneous catwalking in random shoes and dresses it's always gonna be difficult. (Arthur) I've seen the girls strutting their stuff and I've picked out some cocktail dresses for them. So I'm curious to see how they'll handle the wardrobe change. (Alysha) I'm in a beautiful two-piece gown and Dani is in a wedding dress. I'm not sure why Dani's in a bridal gown and no one else. (Natalie) And I think we're all a little bit jealous as to why she got so glammed and we're kind of a little bit more dull. I could be wearing this at the end when it's me and Art. (Brigitte) The whole time I'm thinking what am I gonna do at the end with the poses, I didn't enjoy it, not one bit. We love you, Brigitte. Watching the girls on the catwalk I'm really looking for someone who is just really confident in themselves. I just want to die. Every second I'm standing there it just feels like a lifetime. (Kristie) When I get to the end I'd already pre-planned my poses, I thought they might stand out a little bit. [instrumental music] Oh, Poppy looks dazzling. (Poppy) I feel like a walking orange sausage. At the end I did a bit of a growl thing. [imitates purring] Catch it and keep it for later. I feel like David Bowie in a dress. [instrumental music] - Whoa. - Wow. When Dani walked out I was actually speechless. (Dani) I'm feeling a bit of pressure 'cause I am the finale. [music continues] You look incredible. I gave him a little flash from my wedding ring. Whoo. I'm your bride. - You've got a tough job. - I've got a very tough job. The girls all did really well on the catwalk and it was pretty obvious to see that a lot of them were out of their comfort zone. So, to choose a winner's gonna be really difficult. Ladies, thank you for tonight. That was certainly an eye-opener. I've embarrassed myself for him, so if he doesn't appreciate that then I can't do any more. (Mike) 'You will be pleased to know that Arthur has struggled' to make a decision, but he has reached one, Arthur. (Kristie) I'd like to win this, getting up close and personal with Arthur in the photo shoot would be really exciting. (Arthur) 'This has been a very tough decision' but the person that I've chosen to have a photo shoot with is.. ...Dani. - Yeah. - Whoo! [applause] It's Dani, no surprise. There was also one other person who stood out tonight.. '...and that was Natalie.' Natalie you really shone tonight, and unfortunately there is only one prize, but I was hoping that you would accept this rose. [all cheering] Thank you, dear, that's a surprise. I'm really, really happy and I'm kind of proud of myself. (Mike) 'Dani, your reward awaits.' (Chrystal) Just seeing Dani and Arthur together I don't really think that Dani and Arthur suit. Get you to look at each other please. Big smiles, that looks awesome. - You've got good eye control. - I know. (Dani) It feels like I've known him for ages 'cause it's just so comfortable. Let's have a little toast, please. Oh, a little toast. I chose Dani as the winner because she just seemed the most at ease and she looked absolutely beautiful in that dress. - Here's to our lives together. - Mm. - May they be long and happy. - Yeah. It was quite surreal and I couldn't help but imagine what if this was my actual wedding photo and I was actually marrying Dani. Now just to finish I'll get you guys to kiss. [instrumental music] Nice. One more. (Dani) Kissing Art is just great in general. We've had a few now. They're definitely getting better and better. (Kristie) We all sorta just sat back and waited for them to have their photos. It was a little bit somber. We didn't really spend any time actually with Arthur. That's what we're vying for at the moment. I think it's a bit early to be starting to do bride and groom shoots. - Yeah. - Yeah, perhaps. Yeah, there's still 12 girls. She was put in that dress maybe for a reason. A bit of alarm bells going on there. (Dani) So after the photo shoot we get to sit outside and have a chat. I have so much fun with you, it's really cool. Yeah, I have fun with you too, yeah. You are fun. Thanks, I try. But it's not hard to try with you. - Ah, good. Good. - Yeah. (Arthur) I just feel like it's just easy with Dani it's great, and I feel like we're definitely becoming emotionally closer as well. [instrumental music] [gasps] - Dani. - Yes. You deserve this rose more than anyone else. Yay. Dani, well you accept this rose? I will, of course I will. Thank you. [instrumental music] Thank you. It was just all perfect, it was amazing. Thank you. (Dani) I'm definitely feeling more and more confident each time that we spend time together that I could be the one at the end. (Mike) Next, at the cocktail party the girls pull rank. We're gonna boycott going up to Arthur tonight. But is there a traitor in the mix? You broke the boycott. We're all in this for ourselves. [dramatic music] [intense music] We're gonna boycott going up to Arthur tonight, cool? So the strategy tonight is that we're staging a boycott. So, none of us girls are going to approach Art. He's just gonna make all the moves and approach girls that he wants to spend a bit more time with. - Boycott, boycott. - Oh, yeah, I've got a rose. Go hard whatever, I don't care. If I didn't have a rose there is no way I'd be listening to this boycott. - Evening. - Evening. - How's everyone? - Good. - Yeah? - How are you? - Very well. - Should we have a cheers? - Yeah. - What are we gonna cheers to? To no more runway and have a really fun cocktail party. - Cheers. - Cheers. [instrumental music] Now, Danielle, I was wondering if maybe you'd like to have a wee chat? - I'd love to. - Alright. - Have fun. - See you. (Dani) I am feeling confident that I am possibly Art's favorite at the moment, but I'm kind of nervous because there are a lot of girls in the house he hasn't gotten to know yet so I could quickly be overtaken. I think it's really important to be open. How edgy or how do you find talking about emotions? I consider myself a pretty good communicator. I can be really direct when I want to be but generally in a one-on-one situation. Like, I don't like confrontations and I don't like upsetting people. Oh, wow, it looks like our planned boycott of him seems to have worked. It's nice for Danielle as well, because it's like he obviously wants to talk to her and not her approaching him. (Arthur) Would you say you're an open book? - Uh, no. - No? I'd say I'm a bit more guarded. What sort of book would you be? You'd be a locked diary? Yeah, I'd have a pretty big padlock. Would you? That's there, that's definitely there but once you unlock the padlock my goodness, yeah, then definitely. It's all there. You just like separating the paths of emotion? - Yeah. - Right. How are you feeling tonight about the rose ceremony coming up, are you gonna break up Danielle 'and lover boy over there?' I kind of want to but then I don't want to break up the boycott that's going on. We're all in this for ourselves. Half of me didn't wanna go, but then half of me was like "Well, if you don't go up there you could go home." Should I break the boycott and go over and be hated? If I did not have a rose I'd be like stomping all over the boycott. (Poppy) Suddenly I see Amanda creeping over to go and have a chat with Arthur. (Amanda) I could feel all of the eyes on me as I walked up and I felt kind of rude. Sorry to interrupt, can I come in? - Hi, Amanda. - Hi, is that okay? I actually think Amanda had balls to break the boycott. - Why don't I leave you two to-- - Are you sure, I don't mind. Yeah, come and have a chat and I'll leave you guys talk. You broke the boycott. - Did you guys just see that? - Yes. I thought we had a pact. Cheers. I thought I'd like to come over and talk to you 'cause I haven't seen you for a while and have a little chat. Pretty much haven't chatted since our little date, have we? I know, I was like I'm in a hurry. Yeah. But I thought I'm just gonna come in.. Yeah, I was. Well 'cause everyone has a little boycott going on. You're supposed to come up to us and I was like-- - Oh, really? - Mm. - Chrystal, eh. - Mm. - Oh, Chrystal - Oh, don't blame it on her. It might be Amanda all by herself. And so she's broken the boycott. I kind of knew it would happen, but not this early. [intense music] Now I understand there's a bit of a boycott, right? So-- That's a strong word, it's not a boycott per se. It's more about letting you pick out who you want to talk to. Mmh. Uh, on that note, Poppy, should we have a chat? [laughs] I'd love to. - Oh, great. - That's pretty unexpected. Yeah, come on. When Arthur asked me to go and have some one-on-one time with him, I was really surprised. - So how you feeling? - All good. - Yeah? - Yeah, all good there. I do. That's good. [instrumental music] I like talking to you Poppy, it's easy talking to you. - It's always good to talk-- - It's so good talking to you. Arthur makes me forget that there's anybody else around even when there are 12 other girls. [instrumental music] See, I feel like even though we had another little chat I'm still miles behind everybody else in terms of getting to know him. So, I could still be going home tonight. - Hi. - 'Hello again.' - How are we? - Good. Um, Danielle, I was actually wondering if I could borrow you? Yeah, I'd love to. When Arthur approached me for a second time that evening I was really surprised. I was actually just wondering if you'd mind just waiting here for a second? No, I'd be quite happy to wait here. Okay, I'll be back in a second. Oh, my God! - He's getting a rose. - He's giving her a rose. I wanted to give you this before but I ran out of time. Amanda turned up. Danielle, will you accept this rose? I would love to accept that rose. Thank you for the rose, I really appreciate it. Why, you've been so good. I was just really, really happy. That's the first one that I've received at a cocktail party. - Why hello. - Hi, guys. - Hey. - How are you? Good. Yeah, I was actually coming over here I was wondering if I could steal Matilda? (Matilda) So we're just about to finish the whole cocktail party and then in comes Arthur, it turns out he wants to speak to me about the boycott because someone has let the cat out of the bag. It wasn't just me, it was-- I didn't really want him finding out because it looks like I'm staging all this drama behind the scenes. Who told you about it, was it Amanda? I couldn't tell ya, couldn't say. So what do you think of the plan? I mean I don't know if I should be encouraging it but it was actually quite good because it meant that I could talk to girls that I felt like I really needed to talk to. - Yeah, cheers to that. - Hey, cheers to that. And on that note, I think we should get back to the party. - Very good, alright. - Let's. [instrumental music] - Arthur, ladies. - Hi. - Everybody having a good night? - Yes. 'Sadly, Arthur has some decisions to make.' So, he's gonna follow me, and we will see you all very soon. Arthur, this way please. I still haven't spoken to Arthur, I could be going home. I'd understand if he eliminates me after a single date but without having a single date with me, like and he eliminates me, it's kind of silly. (Chrystal) I'm predicting Kristie will go home tonight. My predictions have been right every week. I have not been wrong and I won't be wrong tonight. [intense music] [instrumental music] Good evening ladies, welcome to another rose ceremony. Congratulations to the four of you, you have each 'received roses, so tonight you are safe.' You'd be lying if you weren't envious of my position. For the rest of you, Arthur has just 'seven roses to hand out tonight.' Good luck ladies. Arthur's ready. [suspenseful music] I'm hoping that I'll stay, he's growing on me. It's been another enjoyable few days, so thank you and I know that some of you were a little bit out of your comfort zone yesterday, but many of you really shone through with your confidence. So, tonight's been an incredibly difficult decision for me and I know it's just gonna get harder. (Brigitte) Having four roses being given out does make me feel a little bit more unsure whether I'm going home or not. (Amanda) I'm not ready to go home yet. (Kristie) Usually I get a feeling on who might be going home but this week I just can't pick it. This rose is for someone who always makes me smile, Poppy. (Poppy) Oh, my God, I melted into the carpet right then and there. Poppy, will you accept this rose? I will Arthur, thank you. (Alysha) It would be nice to be called in the first three and not left in the bottom half. Amanda. [suspenseful music] Amanda, will you accept this rose? Yes. (Carissa) I'm hoping that my name will be called out so I don't have to wait and feel anxious. (Kristie) I'm feeling really nervous. I'm not really sure where I'm sitting in the race, at the moment. Carissa. [instrumental music] Carissa, will you accept this rose? Yes, thank you. Brigitte. [instrumental music] 'Brigitte, will you accept this rose?' 'Yes, please.' (Matilda) Doubts are definitely starting to creep into my mind. (Shivani) It's actually nerve-racking standing there. [suspenseful music] (Matilda) It's getting very real now genuine feelings are involved. I'll fight for him, I absolutely will. [suspenseful music] Alysha. (Shivani) It would have been nice if it was me. Hopefully I get a rose tonight. Alysha, will you accept this rose? Yes, of course I will, thank you. (Kristie) Honestly my confidence isn't that high. I'm trying to look into his eyes and sort of read the situation. Matilda. - That was stressful. - I know. Matilda, will you accept this rose? - I'd love to, thanks. - Thank you. [suspenseful music] Everybody has a rose except for Shivani and I. It's feeling really nerve-racking right now. I'm thinking that this might be it. [suspenseful music] (Shivani) I am nervous, I could be going home but I'd like to stay so that I can give him a chance to get to know me more. [suspenseful music] Kristie. [dramatic music] Kristie, will you accept this rose? - Yes of course, thank you. - Thank you. Shivani, you did not receive a rose tonight. So, you will be leaving the mansion. Please take a moment to say your goodbyes. Okay. (Kristie) Shivani was a sweetheart, sad to see her go, but obviously it's Arthur's choice so there's no connection there there's nothing more we can do about that. Hi, it was really nice to meet you. I hope you find what you're looking for. Thank you. [melancholic music] You been a beautiful presence, Shivani. Thank you. Everyone here absolutely loves you. We do, lots. That means more to me than anything. (Arthur) 'It's been great getting to know you.' - You too. - Good luck. Thank you. (Arthur) I feel like she hasn't been able to completely open up to me and therefore I haven't been able to make a connection with her on a level that I have with some of the other girls. I'm a little shocked. I had my guard up quite a lot. I don't really let people in. I haven't given up on love. I know there'll be someone else out there. (Mike) Coming up. Arthur and Alysha head for the hills. But will Alysha.. (Arthur) I ask Alysha for a kiss. (Mike) ...succumb to Arthur's charms? (Alysha) It may be a risky move on my behalf I don't know. (Mike) And a bruising group date. As soon as you get the ball, you're gonna slam Kristie. (Mike) The girls show their true colors. Yeah, Kristie. I'm hate losing, I'm not very good at it. (Mike) And a dramatic cocktail party. (Kristie) It's now or never to tell Arthur how I'm really feeling. (Mike) Throws the battle for Arthur wide open. May I steal Arthur? Who could be going home, I have no idea now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 