The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 On tonight's stunning single date, the Bachelor sets sail on superyacht attempting to really get to know his chosen bachelorette, but can she lower her defenses long enough to ensure her safety. Later, tension builds at the cocktail party. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (narrator) Previously on "The Bachelor" Alysha played hard to get. (Arthur) I ask Alysha for a kiss, and she says no. Part of me almost wants to save it for if we go on another date or something. Whether or not we will have that moment. I guess time will only tell. Evening. (narrator) At the cocktail party-- May I steal Arthur? (narrator) Chrystal was up to her 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 usual party tricks. I'm just thinking, just back off. Would you give us like, a minute or two? (Kristie) And she still just stands there. Okay, wrap up. [dramatic music] (narrator) But Kristie came up trubs. [swoosh] Unbelievable. (narrator) And at the rose ceremony a shock double elimination. Carissa and Bridgette are sent home. Things are getting pretty real. (narrator) Tonight, Arthur splashes out on a pool party 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but jealousy drives a wedge. I'd keep an eye on her, ladies. (narrator) Pushing some girls into deep water. I'm not gonna kiss you, okay? - Didn't wanna kiss you anyway. - Well good, I'm glad. (narrator) And on the luxury single date Wow! This is really cool. (narrator) Natalie and Arthur take the plunge. I'm just thinking I'm one of the luckiest guys in the world. (narrator) Then at a feisty cocktail party Alysha fronts up to Chrystal. I was very offended. Thank god we're not at that table. (Alysha) Cracks are really starting to appear. [instrumental music] (Arthur) The past few weeks have been a whirlwind of dates, and so much fun. But I've also made very strong connections with some of the girls. I'm definitely surprised by what I'm feeling. And there are still girls I feel like I don't really know. So I need to make some time for them as well. [instrumental music] (Poppy) I can't believe that two girls went at the last rose ceremony. - I know.. - Funny thing. (Chrystal) 'Did not see that one coming at all.' (Dani) I have no idea what Art has up his sleeve. I'm just gonna stop guessing just to save myself the anxiety. I've got a trick for you guys. - Oh, yeah? - Yeah? [cheering] Kristie pulls the card out from behind her back, sneaky move. I found this this morning. (Alysha) I am assuming that it is going to be a single date card with a twist. [instrumental music] If you want my attention, make a splash. - Oh! - Oh, my God! (Dani) 'A diving competition.' Jumpin'. I'm really hoping someone is pouring me a cocktail and it's like splashing in my cup. [instrumental music] Group date. [screaming] (Dani) Group date? None of us were expecting that. I'm so happy that it's a group date 'cause it might be me going. (Chrystal) I am the group date queen. I don't get left out. Alright, the first girl. Poppy. Yay. I haven't really had time to get to know Arthur properly. I'm staring at the card like please be me. Danielle. Yay. Amanda. [cheering] Yes. And there are two names to be called. Matilda. (Matilda) I'm so happy, just can't wait to spend a little bit more time with Art. And the final girl going on the group date Chrystal. [cheering] (Dani) Chrystal says she wants to swap places with someone so she doesn't have to go on the group date. Chrystal's a dick sometimes. Chrystal, stop complaining. Oh well, go pack your bikinis ladies. (Dani) Not happy about being left at home. I just want to splash right now and I'm not so I'm not very happy about it. [upbeat music] (Arthur) So far the group dates have shown the girls' competitive side. I'm also interested to see who is able to just chill out and have fun. - Hi. - Oh, my God. (Arthur) It should show me who I can really relax with in the future. Today is a perfect day for us to just chill out. [cheering] - There's no catch? - 'No catch.' We're just chilling out? Just chilling out. Oh, this is amazing. (Poppy) When Arthur says that there's no catch, I could squeeze him so hard, I'm so happy. [water splashing] (Amanda) My initial thought's pretty much take your clothes off Arthur, let me see that body. Arthur looks insanely hot. Those abs are out to play today. (Arthur) I've invited some of the girls that I think will all get along. Danielle's still recovering from an ankle sprain so she's just lounging in the sun. Danielle got the.. because Art double bounced her on the jump date. [ominous music] Guys. (Arthur) Matilda's quite competitive. I haven't seen her competitive side before. Wow! Just a friendly little game I'm coming over there. Chrystal doesn't seem too enthused about joining in on the pool activities. She doesn't really seem to mingle with the other girls. (Matilda) She's kind of just taking a nap in the sun. Not much point of her being there, really. Amanda and I, we're doing really well in the volleyball game, we're absolutely killing it. Until Art says, okay swap sides now. [indistinct chatter] Amanda and I can't even stand up on that side so we're kind of like treading water at the same time as trying to play. [coughing] (Arthur) It's quite funny trying to watch them play. I'm gonna drown. It's harder than it looks. I think I would've died. Anyway. (Arthur) We finish up the, uh, games in the pool and there's one person that I really do want to have a little chat with. (Arthur) 'Poppy, would you like to have a chat?' - For serious Arthur, I would-- - Would you like to have a chat. - 'Cause I'd like to have a-- - I'd like to talk to your face. (Poppy) Arthur asks me if I'd like to go and spend some one-on-one time. It was great to see that he wanted to speak to me. - Seat I arranged. - Oh, comfy. How's everything going? It was a real shock being the last four at the last rose ceremony. I did think I was going home. I prepared what I was going to say to you. - Did you? - Yep. I'm not gonna say it right now. - Don't say it. - I'm still gonna sa-save it. Don't say it. I'm sorry.. ...to even make you think that. I think Poppy is struggling a little bit just with the whole situation. I don't think she feels completely comfortable. How's it been for you.. ...with the other girls coming back from their one-on-one dates? I've always known.. ...where I stand. You stand quite highly in my books. [laughing] - 'Yeah.' - Okay. (Poppy) It gets to a point in the conversation where naturally I would want to kiss him. [instrumental music] - Are you all good? - Yes, I'm all good. - I'm good, I'm fine. - 'Okay, good.' I just feel like um I'm not gonna kiss you okay? That's all, I just wanted to say that. I just feel really awkward right now. - I just, I'm not gonna do it. - Good. I feel like, it needed to come out. I'm not sharing you with all of these other girls. Until I'm still here if the numbers are down. - I'm not kissing you. - Alright. Alright, just putting it out there. (Arthur) 'Deal.' - Deal. - Yeah, deal. Alright. Good, I like that. - Okay. - 'Good.' Didn't want to kiss you anyway. Well good, I'm glad, 'cause I wasn't gonna kiss you back. - It would've been awkward. - I hate kissing anyway. - Yeah. Nobody likes kissing. - So it's fine. Yuck. [chimes music] (Arthur) Today has been one of the best days ever. This is quite a good opportunity to get to know the girls a little bit better. Has everyone done one thing a day that scares them? Poppy says that every day you should do something that scares you. You still need to dive, don't you? - 'Yes.' - Yes. (Arthur) I know that Matilda can't dive so I decide to put her on the spot and see what she can do. (Matilda) I'm a little bit scared about my first diving experience to be in front of Arthur. Okay. [screaming] It's just funny, I've never met anyone that can't dive. [water splashing] [laughing] Okay wait, do it like this. [dramatic music] So you're, you're like this, and then you just jump like that. [water splashing] Okay. [indistinct chatter] (female #1) 'Good to know it.' (Arthur) 'That was it, that was a dive.' It, it actually looked quite good, though. And she did it, today's the day she learned how to dive. - I can dive. I can dive. - 'Yeah.' (Amanda) 'You can dive!' I'm pretty much an Olympic diver. [water splashing] Yes! [instrumental music] (Alysha) 'It really is just gonna be maybe' at the beach or something, just having a bit of fun and plenty of time for him to talk with girls. Have you noticed that he hasn't sent anyone home who's been on a single date? I know, I've realized that. Which makes me scared 'because I haven't had a single date.' - Doesn't make it easier for me. - I know. Not having been on a single date yet, but-- No, I think you're fine, I think you're safe. I'd date you. So do you have any strategies moving forward? - To not be a scaredy cat. - Yeah. And just go and talk to him more, I think. Do you think because we're both teachers we're pretty tolerable to the situations. Around us at the moment? Would you say that? Definitely more patient of certain characters like within the household. - Yeah. - It's hard, hey? I've been sitting back the entire time and a couple of days ago I decided no more. It does get quite bitchy and quite catty which I'm not used to and I don't like it at all. And I think it's also key to make sure you try and stay neutral to all the drama as well. I'm gonna snap if I don't tell someone what to do. Yeah. I need somebody to rub sunscreen onto my back so who better than Arthur? (Arthur) I still haven't spent that much time with Danielle so I don't feel like I know her that well. She's sort of been in the background up until now. Danielle, I was actually wondering if maybe you want to go have a chat over there? I guess I'll let you go. - Are you gonna be okay to walk? - Yeah. Do you want me to carry you? Yeah, actually. [laughing] (Danielle) I feel like there are definitely people ahead of me at the moment. I'm still finding my way I'm really struggling to open myself up emotionally. Okay, my turn, pick me up now. - Yeah. - And take me away. I'd keep an eye on her, ladies. I knew she was a dark horse. I always say she's got a wild side. I know that with a lot of the other girls it's kind of easier for them to sort of open up to you and I might be a little bit harder to get to know. I didn't even realize that you struggle with that sort of thing. I just sort of.. I just find you really interesting. Oh, thank you. And I love talking to you, so. - Me too. - Yeah. What do you think they're talking about? Take a moment to eavesdrop. So you must be finding this really hard. Yeah, it's, it's really difficult. What's the toughest part of it? So far, the toughest part has been last night and seeing everyone.. ...so sad. Two girls went home, and everyone was crying. - And I felt like I.. - You felt like-- I felt like, I broken up you know, a friendship. Just like, just, just seeing everyone so upset is just like... pretty tough. (Danielle) Arthur is surprisingly open and he seems to be quite in touch with his feelings. Which I find unusual for guys. There's definitely the potential for more of a connection. I'll carry you back down. My foot's hurting again. [laughing] - Thank you. - You're welcome. I could get used to this. Hi, girls. I am really quite impressed with Danielle. Um, she's really driven, intelligent and quite successful. She's someone that I really like to get to know more. Chuck her in the pool. (Danielle) He was just so charming and really, really easy to talk to. I definitely feel like a bit of a smitten kitten. [sizzling] (Arthur) I fire up the barbie and, uh, get some meat on there. I'm not too bad on the barbeque. Uh, so hopefully I can impress the girls. It makes such a difference having a good cut of steak. (Amanda) While Arthur is cooking, I'm thinking you best not be overcooking them. 'Cause I'm gonna take over. Okay, rare, rare, medium rare, medium. (Amanda) This better be good. I think you girls are gonna be impressed. My last two boyfriends have been chefs. Crap, really? You've turned them a couple of times now. (Arthur) No, no, I've turned them all once. (Matilda) A man who can cook good food is definitely impressive in my books. 'As amazing as it is um' not quite medium rare, but still so delicious. Wait. Oh, it is in the middle. Okay. I stand corrected, yeah. Someone's gonna retract that last comment then, huh? [laughing] It's retracted, I apologize. I really want one-on-one time with Arthur but the sun is going down and the day is coming to an end so I'm hoping that a miracle happens. - Cheers. - Here's to the top nine. [laughing] - Top nine. - Top five today. Matilda, would you like to have a quick chat? - Yeah, sure. - Yeah? - Yeah, let's go. - 'Alright.' Please excuse us. I'm wondering why I haven't had one-on-one time with Arthur. I feel more intimidated because there's less girls now, so the pressure's on. Cheers to the funnest date ever. Oh, cheers, thank you. And one thing that I haven't told you yet. Oh, here we go. I don't know if you remember-- Are we talking about you making a haiku? A haiku, yeah, well I made up.. (Matilda) A haiku is a Japanese poem that's three lines long and, um, the first line has five syllables then seven, and then five. - So are you ready? - Yeah. [clears throat] - Matilda's doing her haiku. - Oh! - Lovely. - Listen. - Okay, I'm ready. - Okay. This tropical storm. Makes my heart go boom for you. [mellow music] Give me a rose now. [laughing] Give me a rose now. And, and that was the haiku. It's brilliant. Well, I have to now, don't I? The haiku worked. Aw! Aw! Thank you so much, I can hold that if you want. There you go. [laughing] Matilda.. ...will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. [laughing] [romantic music] Oh well ladies, that's one safe this week. (Matilda) I'm really excited to get a rose it just kind of cements my feelings, it makes me feel safe. [instrumental music] [instrumental music] - Hello Mike. - Hi. (Mike) 'Hello ladies.' - Hi. - Hi. How are you all feeling today? [indistinct chatter] There's only nine of you left, so ladies it's game on. [screaming] I'm gonna leave you with this. - Thanks Mike. - Thanks Mike. - And good luck. - Good luck? Do we need it? [indistinct chatter] I would love to be on this date I would love to be on all of the dates. Right, someone get that. - Shall I do the honors? - Yeah. (Kristie) It's a little bit scary now for me having not had a one-on-one date. He's forming relationships with the other girls and not with me. [instrumental music] [laughing] We'll set sail before the sun sets. I'm hoping it's either a single date or a group date, and my name is on it. And it's a single date. [screaming] Oh, my God, I so think it's Nat. Natie, Natie .. (Natalie) I think it's gonna be Kristie, 'cause she got given the rose at the last cocktail party. If it's not Kristie there'd be daggers shooting out of her eyes. And the single date goes to.. Natalie. [cheering] Nat's name is read out, and she looks terrified. I'm scared. [indistinct chatter] The anticipation has almost been like so much it's ju-just made me like, frightened of the whole thing. Be excited. - Should I? Yeah. - 'Yeah.' (Danielle) I'm a little bit surprised at just how nervous Natalie is about going on a single date with Art because after all that's what we're here for. [indistinct chatter] (Kristie) Since Natalie's feeling nervous I would totally trade places with her. [instrumental music] (Natalie) I've never had a proper boyfriend before. I just haven't found someone that I'm able to click with and just be totally comfortable with, and totally hippie with. This day, it's a kind of a, a big deal. - Nat. Hi. - Oh my God, hi. (Natalie) Arthur's standing on the roof of this beautiful big yacht, it was amazing. This is our yacht for this evening. - It's beautiful. - Come on down and jump on. - Okay. - I'll meet you down there. I ran up and turned out we're on Michael Hill's super yacht. (Arthur) I've chosen Natalie for the date today, she's a lot of fun. I'm hoping to find out if there's any chemistry between us if there is that physical and emotional connection there. [instrumental music] We've got an incredible date planned for this beautiful boat, and I've got this incredibly beautiful girl sharing the day with me. I'm really looking forward to it. [music continues] Have you ever imagined going under the harbor bridge in a boat like this? (Natalie) I never ever thought that I'd be doing this ever 'and I wasn't even gonna come.' What do you mean you weren't even gonna come? Well, I was scared to come. I wasn't going to. - Well you shouldn't be scared. - I was freaking out. (Natalie) He's a lovely guy, it's a beautiful setting. I've never had an experience close to this in my whole entire life. Have you ever paddle boarded before? No. Well, we've got some paddle boards. [laughing] - Oh, my God, you read my mind. - Yeah. I've always wanted to go. Yeah okay, let's get in. Let's go. (Arthur) So the boat moors up, and I ask Nat if she'd like to jump off the side 'cause I thought it'd be a lot of fun. (Natalie) We're like four stories up at this stage and it's really, really high. [screaming] [dramatic music] I'm standing on the edge of this boat and I can't back down now. Three, two, one, go. [screaming] Oh, my God. (Arthur) We hit the water quite hard. We resurface and I'm kind of like spitting out bits of tooth. (Natalie) I think so. And then I touched my mouth and I chipped a tooth somehow, don't know how. I just was screaming, and then I jumped and I landed, and and.. I-I.. Don't know. (Arthur) I was quite worried, but luckily she wasn't too phased by it and just carried on. I'm fine, it's nothing major. [instrumental music] (Natalie) So we had done our jump and it was time to get on to the paddle boards. So he kind of helps me onto them because they were a little shaky. And I'm like hell yes, let's do this. [screaming] [music continues] Whoo-hooo! It's a lot harder than I think it's gonna be. Where you.. Get away! But I get the hang of it pretty fast, and I'm loving it. [laughing] (Arthur) Paddle boarding is incredible. And it's not every day that you get to do that on sunset off a super yacht. Yeah, I'm doing it right around the boat. Around the boat! (Arthur) And I must say that Nat is looking incredible on the paddle board. She's tall, and elegant, and beautiful. (Natalie) I am super proud that I can do it. I didn't want to look like an idiot and fall off. [water splashing] He's the one that falls off. [romantic music] So we get back onto the super yacht and I'm freezing by this stage and there just happens to be a beautiful outside warm water shower, so we jump under there and warm ourselves up. (Arthur) The first time Nat and I get quite close-- [indistinct chatter] (Natalie) Never did I think on the very first date. I would be showering with Arthur. [instrumental music] It is blowing my mind. (Arthur) It's just the most romantic moment ever. I'm just thinking I'm one of the luckiest guys in the world. [romantic piano music] [instrumental music] (Arthur) I would like to see if there's any romance between Nat and I, so I've organized a romantic dinner up on the top deck. This is beautiful. Look at you, you're doing well. Aw! So it's all very beautiful and there's a nice dinner of salmon sitting there. [instrumental music] I love all type of seafood other than salmon. [laughing] Put some salmon in there. I've got some other items. Go nuts on the broccoli. (Natalie) Yeah obviously he didn't know that but it was fine, I didn't complain. Do you like olives? I don't like olives either. I'm not a fussy eater, but these just happen to be the two things I honestly don't eat. Sundried tomato, though. Don't really like that either. Bit of a disaster, tad hungry but I'll deal with it. Before we get stuck in, cheers. I'd like to cheers to you. Cheers to me. Yeah, I would like to cheers to how, to how beautiful you look. This is the first date that she's ever been on and she's not used to this sort of attention. So I'm just giving her a couple of compliments because she looks incredible. I don't think you realize how.. ...beautiful you are. Thank you. Thank you. You keep saying that. He compliments me all the time, and I hate it. I hate getting compliments because I get really awkward around them. You're such a babe, and you don't even realize it. Stop it. It's all a little-little bit too much. Did you ever think that you'd come on a date on a super yacht? No, not at all. Like I wouldn't necessarily be like yep, I want to go on a super yacht and it's like super extravagant. This isn't something that I would usually pick. But now that I'm here, I'm not gonna say no. Nat seems to be a little bit uncomfortable so I decide to take her downstairs to get a bit cozy and see if sparks fly, I guess. [romantic music] (Natalie) There's cute little lounge setup, and there's strawberries and chocolate and it's all very intimate. Today I have been with you for your first sail on a super yacht, your first paddle boarding experience. - And your first chipped tooth. - Mm-hmm. And my first date if you would call this a date. - I'd call this a date. - Yeah. I feel very lucky to be on your first date with you. Thank you. Arthur has done a pretty good job of today. He's definitely boyfriend material. It's been amazing though it truly has been... crazy. - It makes me really happy. - Yeah. Do you know what else would make me happy? Yay! You have honestly made me so happy today. Thank you. (Arthur) 'You'd make me even happier' if you would accept this rose. Oh, I don't know if I can but I think I shall no thank you very much, thank you. Thank you. Oh, my god, I'm so happy with this. (Arthur) So I decided to give Nat a wee kiss on the lips. As soon as I did that, her whole behavior changes. - Just try to relax. - Just relax. I'm not very good at relaxing. I just want to say to you, I.. No, I'm not even gonna say it. You can't say it and then not say it. It's a weird thing to say. - Just say it. - No, it's a weird thing to say. Yeah, I kind of had this weird cheesy speech. I'm just having a little bit of a personal moment right now. And then I stop myself, and I was like no, no no, no I'll just keep, I'll just keep my mouth shut. What were you gonna say? I wanna know now. (Arthur) It's a real shame that the night's ended like this because I've had such a fun date with Nat and she's great, and so much fun. But I feel like she's really holding back from me. It just got weird. [instrumental music] So Nat didn't get back 'til really late last night. - What time? - About two am. Nothing good happens after midnight. You would know. - Yeah, and you would not. - No. (Matilda) Alysha and Chrystal, a little bit awkward. I was just like, oh, God. Nat! (Dani) 'Hi.' How's it going? Start from the very beginning. I'm walking along and I hear Nat! And I look, and Art's standing on the roof of like a super yacht. (Alysha) Nat has come home and it seems like the nerves have gone away. So, she obviously had an amazing time. We're just having a chat and he goes have you ever been paddle boarding? And I said no. (Amanda) Natalie's date sounds amazing. I'm really jealous. No! And then he gave me a rose. [cheering] So it was actually really fun. - Was that all he gave you? - Yep. Did you give him something? What are you hinting on here? - Come on. - Um. (Natalie) 'No, not really.' He went in for a kiss and I kind of like pecked him and then pulled away a little bit. Oh, my God, please tell me there's not another I'm not kissing you, Arthur speech. So there was no speeches about why you're not gonna kiss him? (Alysha) Chrystal makes a comment and it is a blatant dig at me and my reasonings for not wanting to kiss Art on the first date. (Dani) Alysha is not impressed. Like, her face is like, devil's eyes. (Kristie) Alysha looks super bummed. Tonight's cocktail party is gonna involve a few altercations. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] (Natalie) The cocktail party tonight is a bit strange actually, it runs quite quiet and it feels quite tense. [music continues] (Alysha) Now there are only six roses things are getting down to the wire. Hello. How is everyone? (Danielle) I'm feeling really worried. It's only Kristie and I that haven't had single dates now. Nat, I was wondering if I could borrow you for a chat? Sure. - Hello again. - Hello again. Oh no, I'm taller than you, what? Wow, so he's pulling Nat away for a chat straight after her date? I know, that's never happened before. (Matilda) We're all kind of thinking that's really weird because they've literally just got back. Maybe he wants to finish the kiss that they didn't have. Surprised you're talking to me, actually. Thought you would've been scoping one of the other girls that didn't have roses already. - Oh really? - Yeah. Even after yesterday I'm still not sure I'm still trying to suss you out. I feel like you've got bad news for me. No, I don't have bad news. Do you remember at the end of the night and you said you were gonna say something to me? Oh, I knew you were gonna ask me about that. No, all I was gonna say was like I don't really like to kiss on the first date because I know there's total eight girls in the house, and I don't want to get too involved when there's like a million people around. I'm just safeguarding myself a little bit and that's what I was gonna say. And then I was like, no that's kind of weird. So then I didn't say it. - No, that's not weird. - Yeah. So what's your predictions for tonight? I honestly have no idea, every rose ceremony I get this anxiety that it's me. I'm really gonna try and talk to Art at the cocktail party. It's pretty much everyone out for themselves. I'd like to shoot somebody in the head with that. You're freaking me out, right now I'm like I'm feel you're gonna be like give me the rose back I don't wanna.. I don't want you to have it. - No. - Okay, relax now. Jeez Nat, just relax. - I know, I'm trying. - I know you are. I'm trying my best. - I know, you are. Yeah. - Okay, I'm good. What do you reckon about the comment Chrystal made to you earlier this morning? I find it disrespectful, 'cause I think that is my decision whether I want to kiss someone. I respected her decision, she needs to respect mine. I'm not sure if I'm going to talk to Chrystal tonight about what was said. No! I need a second date before I can kiss you. If I had an opportunity, I would totally kiss him and if they want to judge me then that's fine. Just kiss him, because there may not be a second date. I'm hoping they don't get a second date, you know. Cheers. (Natalie) 'Who would you like to grab next?' I'd only thought as far as you because I want to see how you were. Aw, thank you, that's very thoughtful of you. - Hello. - Hi guys. - Hi. - Hi. Alysha, can I steal you away? Of course you can. Just a helping hand. You look lovely, you look like a little princess. (Amanda) 'I see that he's taken Alysha away.' Mark my words that it'll either be Alysha or Kristie going home tonight. [sighs] I'm not ready to go home. I'm not ready to go home either and I really don't think we are. [dramatic music] There was a comment made today that I didn't particularly appreciate, that I felt disrespected. It was put across that it was a tactic that I chose not to kiss you, and it wasn't. It was something that I wanted to save for us you know, if we do get to spend more time together. (Chrystal) 'I wonder if Alysha is spilling the beans.' - About how much she hates us? - Yeah. Well, she doesn't hate you, she hates me. I just want you to be yourself. Stick to what you believe in and do your things, and I mean, of course. - Yeah. - 'Cause it's you. Yeah, it is, and I think-- And that's what I wanna know is you, the real you, so-- You're gonna get me, 'cause there's no there's... you either like me or you don't. I mean, if you don't like me, fine. Yeah, feel like we get along pretty well. - Yeah, so do I. It is easy huh. - It's easy, hey? Yeah. - It's easy and comfortable. - Yeah. - I'm just like comfortable-- - 'Cause we're both smartasses. I love strong women, and Alysha is really strong. [indistinct chatter] Hi. (Arthur) There seems to be a lot of tension at the cocktail party tonight. I'm not quite sure what's going on with the girls. (Dani) Quite interesting that they're all sitting over there together. - Is Alysha there too? - Yeah. I wonder if either of them are gonna bring it up. - Oh, yeah. - I kind of hope they do. What's going on over there? Just a few words were exchanged between a couple of the girls earlier today that I think has caused a bit of rising tension. (Matilda) I think Arthur is incredibly shocked. I think he has no idea what kind of happens behind the scenes at the mansion. I did though, Chrystal just want to ask you and sort of clear the air a little bit. Like, I wasn't particularly over the moon about the comment you made today, and I was very offended because I feel like us girls should be respecting and supporting each other's decisions. I totally respect your, um, opinion your decision, your situation, because that's-- (Kristie) 'The comment didn't sound like you did respect.' (Chrystal) 'I don't think this is actually between you.' 'This is between me and Alysha.' - Oh, I'll shut up then. - 'Yeah.' Oh, my god, thank God we're not at that table. Just like, God, really? At the cocktail party when Art's here? Nice one girls, really classy. You have to talk about them. You have to approach the subject and clear it or it's just gonna build and build and build until it gets to a point where it explodes. I'm getting ear banged, this is really boring. Um... I am gonna take the reins here do you want to go for a chat? - Love-love to. - Okay cool, let's go. (Poppy) It was pretty out of the blue for Matilda to say that she wanted to spend some time with Arthur. It's definitely going to put her ahead of the game. I'm surprised Matilda grabbed him, actually. Yeah, I wasn't expecting that, I thought that 'cause we kind of were like yeah, we can chill out tonight we can do what we want, 'cause we've got roses so um, maybe she just wanted to get something off her chest. I'm getting the feeling that everyone is scared of Chrystal. [laughs] It's not even.. It's not that at all, it's it's just that like um.. I feel, I feel like I'm sort of bitching about her but she just like, tries to belittle people and it's just really weird I don't know why she does that. Oh, I just don't think maybe we'll never understand each other. - No, go babe, it's fine. - Fine. I would rather walk off than sit here and explain it again as well. What's going through my head is this. (Chrystal) I feel sorry for Amanda I'm feeling sorry for myself. Maybe we're not meant to get along. Well, maybe I shouldn't have even approached in the first place, it was a waste of time. Thank you for your opinion. 'I think we're done talking about it right?' - Yeah. - Great. Have a good night, ladies. See you on the flip side. (Alysha) So basically, nothing really got cleared up, I felt we were just back to step one. I'm disappointed and I'm gutted. (Arthur) And watch your step. - Yeah, you watch yours. - Yeah. I did, thank you. [laughing] Aw, they're coming back to us. - Back to the cool kids. - Yeah, I was just.. - 'Nice little chat?' - 'Yeah, good chat.' (Matilda) 'Pretty glad I took the reins and nabbed him.' (Dani) I'm kicking myself. I'm actually kicking myself now. why didn't I grab him? (Amanda) When I hear the cocktail party's over I'm like what? I'm not ready, I haven't even spoken to him. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] (Arthur) Going into tonight's rose ceremony. I've got nine girls and I'm gonna be saying good bye to one of them, and it's just not getting any easier. [music continues] Ladies, good evening. - Hi. - Hi. Congratulations Matilda and Natalie. 'You have nothing to worry about tonight.' - 'You can both relax.' - Thanks. For the seven of you remaining tonight Arthur has six roses. Which means one of you will be leaving. [music continues] Ladies, good luck. (Amanda) It's less girls now, so the pressure's on. (Alysha) We almost all feel like our heads are on the chopping block. (Chrystal) I think it would be quite relaxing if Alysha does go home. All us naughty children would be able to cope without being told off. [laughing] - All yours. - Thank you. [dramatic music] Thank you. The last couple of dates have been really enjoyable for me. 'They've been a lot more relaxed' 'and I feel like' you girls have let down your guard and shown your true colors. [music continues] 'And it's gonna make tonight's decision' for me so much more difficult. [dramatic music] (Kristie) I'm a little bit nervous. It's anybody's game tonight. (Danielle) The longer I'm here, the more I would like to get a rose from Arthur. (Alysha) I will be gutted if I don't get one. This rose is for someone that I feel has been completely honest with me and has really opened up. Alysha. Oh, first. [laughing] (Arthur) 'Alysha, will you accept this rose?' - Of course I will. Come here. - Thank you. [upbeat music] [inhales deeply] Kristie. [instrumental music] 'Kristie, will you accept this rose?' (Kristie) 'Definitely.' Chrystal. (Chrystal) My name's called, and I am happy, yay. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. (Kristie) Chrystal gets a rose after me and she sort of waves her rose around. Shovin' it in their face, I don't know I think she's just being stupid. [dramatic music] (Dani) Feeling very light-headed and very stressed because I haven't got a rose yet. Poppy. (Dani) I just keep telling myself a rose is a rose someone has to be last. As long as I just blooming get one of the things, I'll be happy. Poppy, will you accept this rose? - I will Arthur, thank you. - Thank you. (Dani) There's two roses left, I'm still standing here. (Amanda) One of us is going home. (Danielle) I never feel like I'm going to be the one getting the rose. Dani. Are you proud of me? I didn't faint. Did you almost faint just then? No, I'm okay. [chuckles] Dani, will you accept this rose? Of course I will, thank you so much. [dramatic music] (Amanda) We're down to the last rose and I'm like sweating, and my heart's pounding. I've got anxiety [sighs]. (Danielle) I haven't had a single date. Amanda had a great single date. (Amanda) I want a rose so badly. I'm feeling unsure as hell. (Danielle) Well this is it, this is the end of the road for me. [instrumental music] Danielle. [music continues] Danielle, will you accept this rose? Absolutely. 'Thank you Arthur.' [dramatic music] [mellow music] Amanda, you did not receive a rose and your time at the mansion has come to an end. Please take a moment to say your good byes. [mellow music] It's been so much fun. - You're an amazing person. - Thank you. And I've really, really loved getting to know you over the last few weeks and you only deserve good things to happen to you. Oh, thank you, that's so nice. [mellow piano music] [instrumental music] I'm sad because I hope Arthur makes the right decision with the woman he chooses. I've actually learned that there is good guys out there, you just need to wait. Oh, my God, look at this. (narrator) Next time on "The Bachelor." The bachelorettes go on tour. So nice to be in the new location. (narrator) Arthur takes a girl to one of the most romantic spots yet. Then a ride to harness out his affections leaves everyone shattered. [screaming] [mumbling] This could be the end of the competition for me. (narrator) And a rose ceremony like no other. [sighs] Can Arthur reign in his emotions? Just take a moment. [theme music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 