The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Love scales new heights when The Bachelor takes one Bachelorette on a date with a difference. The group date spins out of control and a shocking twist changes everything at the rose ceremony. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on down. (male narrator) Previously on "The Bachelor." Love took flight and Poppy let her guard down. [Poppy farts] Poppy lets out a little fart and it's just so funny. It's always a matter of time before someone farts in front of someone else, isn't it? Usually it's not the first date. (male narrator) Then on a steamy group date at sea. (Kristie) Arthur is hot, he is really ripped. (male narrator) Chrystal and Danielle came to blows. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Chrystal seemed to be getting kind of flirty with Arthur. Which made me want to vomit. Danielle, she was a little bit worried about her makeup and about getting wet. (Kristie) Any man who is interested in Chrystal is not a man that I'm interested in, at all. (male narrator) And daredevil Dani got more than just a heartwarming hug. - Will you accept this rose? - I do, thank you so much. You're welcome. (male narrator) At the cocktail party the pressure proved too much for Brigette. Yeah, I'm really happy right now. (male narrator) Natalie put her foot in it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Did I just interrupt something really-- Yeah, it was quit intense. (male narrator) And two more girls left the mansion. You've got some amazing beautiful girls here and you're a really great guy. Thanks so much. - Tonight.. - Hi, how are you? (male narrator) ...Arthur unveils a jaw-dropping date. - Oh, my God, it looks amazing. - Yeah. (male narrator) But will Matilda lay it all on the line for him? Let's go Mattie! Three, two.. - Go! - Go, fast, fast, fast! (male narrator) Rivalry on the track.. - That was a quick change up. - Don't gas it, don't gas it. (male narrator) ...skids out of control. I guess today is gonna be blonde against blonde and teacher against teacher. - Good luck, girls. - Shh, let's try listen. (male narrator) As the race for Arthur's affections-- Hi. I was hoping could steal you. (male narrator) Builds to a collision at the cocktail party. I could not be more afraid right now. (male narrator) And a Rose Ceremony with a shocking revelation. Whoa. I think my jaw hit the ground, I was like. (male narrator) Who will be leaving the mansion tonight? [bright music] (Arthur) We're only two weeks in and already I'm starting to feel some really strong feelings for some of the girls. This week I've got some epic dates planned. My focus will be to see how the girls go with some more adventurous surroundings. I can't wait. - Good morning, ladies. - Good morning. Just a reminder as to why you are here. It is about time with Arthur and a lot of that time is dictated by these puppies. I'm just thinking, I really hope it's a single date and I really hope it's me on there. (Hayley) I haven't had much time with Arthur. So I'm hoping this could be an opportunity for me to have some one-on-one time. - So, who wants to grab this? - I will. Danielle, take that, I'll leave it 'with you, and ladies, have a great day.' - Ooh! - Exciting. I'm just really busy being a mum, working so I've come on here to find love. It's a single date. (Shivani) It'd be pretty cool to get a single date with Arthur. I don't do so well in a group situation. "The higher you go, the bigger the fall." [indistinct chatter] And.. ...it's Matilda. [cheering] Matilda gets the one-on-one. Dang, it's not me. I think that Arthur and Matilda have the strongest connection at the moment. Yeah, I'm super excited. What do you think you're gonna do? I don't know, I feel like it's something high. It's the Sky Tower or like skydiving maybe. (Matilda) I can't believe it's me. I just can't wait to go and just have a chance to have a chat and a bit of a laugh with him. (all) Bye! [instrumental music] I'm super excited, can't wait, wondering what it could be. Oh, my God, where are we? I see Arthur standing right by the Harbor Bridge. Arthur looks incredibly hot. - Hi. How are you? - Hi, morning. - Good, how are you? - Good, it's good to see you. I definitely think there's a bit of a spark between Arthur and I. How do you look this good for so early in the morning? Ah, just lots of makeup. I just know it's gonna be an awesome day, can't wait. Well, do you wanna know what we're doing today? Yeah, what's the plan? We are gonna climb the Harbor Bridge. - Yeah, I'm really excited. - You haven't done it before? - No, no. - Let's go get you coated up. Alright, cool. (Arthur) Matilda seems really laid-back and easy going a bunch of fun as well, so I'll find that out today. Isn't it beautiful? - Yeah, that's pretty cool. - This is stunning. You forget how lucky you are to live in a place like this. (Arthur) Without the Sky Tower it's kind of not nearly as cool. Yeah, it's not really Auckland without it. (Arthur) The conversation is great. She's so easy to talk to. So you've got how many sisters in total? - Six. - Six sisters. - Six, so-- - Any brothers? - No. - Oh wow. (Matilda) Something that my mom has taught me is that you have to watch how a man treats his mother and his sisters because it shows his respect for women. It sounds like he loves them and he really respects them so that's definitely a good sign. Oh, we're starting the ascent. [both laugh] (Matilda) I think Arthur's probably thinking that I'm a little bit goofy but I hope that he finds it endearing. Whoa, we're like right on top. Hey! Here we are. - This is amazing. - Yeah. It's good to actually talk to you properly and not in like, you know suit and dress style. Yeah, it's good talking to you in some overalls. Yeah, yeah, in my mechanic's uniform. - You scrub up alright. - Yeah, thanks. We've been getting along so well. It just feels like we've known each other for a while. It is fantastic. Have a look over to your left. Oh my God, someone's going for a bungee. Oh, my God. Yeah, I said that we were just doing the bridge climb. We're actually doing the bungee as well. - Not, you're not. - Yeah, I'm serious. - Are you? - Yes. (Matilda) 'Okay, I wasn't scared before.' - Now? - Now, I am. It is terrifying, absolutely terrifying. [instrumental music] (Danielle) Some of us girls are wondering what they're up to today on their date. Judging by what she was wearing-- - What was she wearing? - Jeans and Chucks. It will have to be something that you can't wear a dress for. So, something a little bit more physical. So does anyone here have any terrible, terrible dates you've been on. - I do. - Yeah, yeah, go on. So I was meeting up with a guy, like he came to pick me up.. Carissa's really funny, she's quite humble, down to Earth. And he's like, "Oh, I'm a bit of a rush. I've just been pig hunting," thinking that, you know, he cleaned himself. Got in the car and he had blood all over his hands and all over his legs, and then he's like "Excuse the smell, there's a pig in the back." Right now, I think my biggest competition is Clarissa. Arthur always seems to smile when he calls her name. I never talked to him again. It's alright, he was probably a complete pig anyway. [girls laugh] How nervous are you feeling now? The ratio is getting towards more 90 nervous, 10% excited. (male #1) 'Since you're hooked up by your feet' 'you wanna have a big dive out here first out this way.' Oh, my God, I'm freaking out. (Arthur) 'Well, it's a long way down.' (Matilda) So I'm looking over the edge. The water is so far down and we're so high up. - I'm trying not to look down. - Alright. Here we go, looking straight ahead. Take a deep breath. She hasn't done a bungee jump before. Oh, my God, I'm freaking out, big time. (Arthur) I didn't know if she would jump actually. Let's go baby, three, two.. [intense music] Oh, my God, I'm freaking out. (Arthur) So far, the date's going really well but she hasn't done a bungee jump before. - Scared? - Insanely, insanely scared. My hands are like, shaking. It's alright. Alright, here we go, looking straight ahead. Take a deep breath, diving out, here we go. - In five, four.. - Let's go Mattie. ...three, two, one. [Matilda screaming] She just went for it. I'm really proud of her. (Matilda) My stomach is just in my ears. Wow, yeah, she did it. It's an amazing feeling and it's so much fun. (Arthur) I'm so glad that I brought Matilda. She was definitely the right person to take. - I've done it. - Yes! Oh, my God, that was terrifying. - Okay, good luck. - Okay. I'm-I'm getting nervous now too. So we seem to be getting along really well as I feel like I've known him for longer than I actually have. Come on, come on. Now I see what you were faced with. Yes. Three, two, one, bungee. [Arthur screaming] Get a face full of water, completely up my nose. Ah, it's so much fun. Oh my God, he got dunked. 'Oh, he's really wet.' How'd you go? Yeah, we did it, woo. This is the best date that I've ever had. It's been a great day, so much fun. If you could do one thing right now what would you wanna do? Probably eat, I'm quite hungry. Good, I was hoping you were gonna say that. I've actually made us a picnic. - Have you? Where? - Yeah. Down there on that little landing. Oh, my God. (Matilda) This is just getting better and better. It is an amazing spot for a picnic. This day is just full of surprises. I know. That's incredible. Oh, wow, look at this. - Oh, my God. - It's all there. I've never had someone to go to so much trouble or organize such amazing things. Here you go, one long black. Mm, thank you. Cheers. Cheers, to a great day. (Arthur) Yeah, I think Matilda's a bit like an open book. I really like her. - It is great. - It's lovely. [instrumental music] So, where do you think you're at in terms of relationships? I think now I'm just ready to kind of fall in love and just have someone for the rest of my life. 'Get married, and have kids, and things.' Sounds like I'm in the same sort of boat. Yeah, I really wanna find someone to just be my little partner in crime and then, yeah, start a family. Take them down to the lake house. - Yeah. Yeah definitely. - Yeah. No, I do. (Matilda) We're chatting about marriage and babies. That sort of aligned too. So it just seems a lot in common. Well, I think if I just look under here. Ah, how did that get there? (Matilda) He has a little rose sitting there for me which I thought was such a nice touch. It's something I prepared earlier. Oh, yeah. (Matilda) The perfect end to a perfect date. Matilda, I've had such a good time today. - 'So have I.' - Um, you are just so much fun. - 'Thanks.' - Will you accept this rose? Yes, I definitely will. Thanks so much for a great date. (Arthur) I wanna spend more time with her and get to know her more and she just seems like a really cool chick. Arthur could be the perfect catch for me. - Hey, she's got a rose. - Hey, she's got a rose, yay. Hey. What have you been up to? I didn't know what was going on. We ended up going bungee jumping. [indistinct chatter] Oh, so it wasn't a tandem, it was separate? (Matilda) 'No, it wasn't a tandem.' I think there's a few girls that might a tinged a bit jealous. Kristie's watching Matilda quite closely. (Kristie) I'm still not sure what type of girl Art's looking for. I really want an opportunity to show him who I am and what we could be together. So question, did you guys kiss? No, no, we didn't, we-we didn't kiss. It's getting difficult now that I know a lot of other girls are having moments with him too. Yeah, it was lots of fun, yeah a successful date. (Hayley) Matilda's had two roses, so I definitely feel that she's one in the house to look out for, you know? [instrumental music] (Alysha) We're outside having our morning coffee and general chit-chat. (Natalie) 'Girls, girls, look what I've got.' - Ooh! - Date time. (Alysha) And Natalie walks out with a card. Alright. "She who hesitates is last." - It's gotta be a running race. - Yeah, maybe. So we obviously have no idea what it is but I can tell you that it's a group date. I'm hoping more than anything that I get a chance to just have some good conversations with Arthur. (Hayley) I haven't had an individual or group date yet. It definitely doesn't get you thinking a little bit. (Danielle) It does seem a little unfair that she hasn't had any one-on-one time. (Natalie) 'And the first girl going is Brigette.' Yeah! Carissa. [cheering] Kristie. (Chrystal) And Kristie's going on another date. There's no method to this madness, I don't think. Amanda. [cheering] And I'm like, "Yes, I am ready to go." And the last girl.. '...Alysha.' (Hayley) I feel like every time a date card comes and your name's not on it, you do feel a little bit frustrated, a little bit let down a little bit, almost rejected. We've all been out of the house and on a date with Arthur except for Hayley. [dramatic music] Alright, I suppose it's time for you guys to go get ready, so.. (Poppy) I'm finding it a little bit challenging to be placed in this polygamous situation. - Good luck. - See ya. Don't hesitate. Jealous. The setting for today's date is stunning. So, I'm so excited. - Hello, ladies. - Morning. Welcome to your second group date. How are we feeling today? Pumped up? - Revved to go? - Yeah. Good, because today it is all about the need for speed. Here at Rally Drive NZ, you are each going to have a turn behind the wheel of a rally car. - Yay. - Oh, my gosh, awesome. I am so excited. This to me is my dream date. It's a case of putting the pedal to the metal. Because whoever clocks pole position well, let's just say there's a little treat in store. (Amanda) I want the treat really badly if it comes with a cold beer and Arthur. (Brigette) I can see in the distance a car coming towards us. And it's Arthur of all people. He's looking very dashing. - 'Hey, ladies.' - Hey. - Whoo! - Let's do it. (Arthur) Today I've organized a bit of a rally car challenge. I thought it'd be a good way to gauge their competitive side. So, which are the two girls that can't drive manuals? So, I have to learn how to rally car drive as well as learning a manual. Okay, we're gonna teach you today. There's a strong chance that I will go over a ditch or over a hill, because I have not ever learned how to drive a manual. Will we get up to fifth gear? Will you tell us off? God, help me if we do. You look as though you're already keen. Oh, yeah, I'm psyched. Yes, I can't wait. So let's go. Let's get into this car and start rallying. [intense music] Okay, you ready? Here we go. (Amanda) I think my chances of taking this driving out is pretty high. Three, two, one, go! - Go, fast, fast, fast! - Whoo! Hard! Push it on hard. I think you better rethink your competition. I thought the blondies had this. Oh, my God, that was so cool, I've got so much anxiety. That is amazing. - Who's our next patient? - That's me. - What? - Okay. Let's get you belted in, get on my side, and let the gear down. The winner gets a treat and I would really enjoy that treat because I'm pretty sure it's one-on-one time with Arthur, so that's all what we want. (Arthur) 'She looks so serious, yeah.' (Alysha) My biggest competition today with driving is going to be Kristie. Good luck, girls. She seems pretty confident. - One, go! - Whoa! - That's a quick change up. - Up to second. (Arthur) Kristie's competitive streak came out once again. Push hard to the top of the hill, then off and through here. (Arthur) Yeah, you could see she was really gunning for glory on this. She has such a serious game face on, girls. You might be in trouble. (Arthur) 'That's the first time she hasn't been smiling.' (Kristie) It was absolutely one of the best experiences I've ever had, and I can see maybe a career change coming up in the future. Maybe, I don't know. Come on, Alysha. I guess today it's gonna be blonde against blonde and teacher against teacher. Three, two, one, go! [engine revs] Stay on those lines, don't go out wide. Don't gas it, don't gas it! Turn it left! [dramatic music] Three, two, one, go! (Arthur) Today I've organized a rally car challenge. Alysha seems really excited and enthusiastic about the whole thing, so it's good to see her behind the wheel. You need to bring the power on and go to fourth gear. Smooth, fourth gear quickly. (Alysha) Dale's telling us when to brake and when to shift gears and it was a lot to take in. Stay on the line, keep the power on. Go to third gear. Don't gas it, don't gas! Turn it left! Right, you blew it. Don't panic. (Alysha) I spun out, I came into a corner at a lot faster speed than I should've. Lost my confidence in driving a little bit after that. I'm actually a little shaky.. Yeah, you are. Wow, you are so shaky. (Arthur) She continued on and completed her lap and I thought it was really brave. For the first couple of changes, I'm gonna put my hand on top of yours to help you change, okay? (Arthur) Carissa, she can't drive a manual. So, she's gotta learn pretty quick. Go! [engine revs] Clutch out. Down. Clutch out. Drive, drive, drive, like an automatic. Oh, dear, nearly. (Dale) No way. I stalled. I mean after that, I kind of got the hang of it. Look at that. Keep it going. good, good. (Arthur) I kinda hope that Carissa takes this out because it'd just be quite cool to see an underdog take it out and I haven't really spent much time with her, so I'd like to get to know her a bit better. How was that? - It was good. Yeah. - Yeah. I go the hang of it on the way back. Yeah. Well done. My strategy for my first time in manual is just wing it. How are you up to it, ma'am? I am up to it, man. Come on, you got this. Three, two, one, go! Oh, no! It was my first time ever doing the whole clutch thing, so.. Yeah, clutch it out and power on. Power on, power on, power on, power on. Sorry. Eventually I got there and back. (Dale) Clutch in, quickly, clutch. Clutch in. Okay. You went back reasonably quick. - That was. - Don't lie to me. Hey, hey, hey, hey, you were, faster than I thought. Well, ladies, did you enjoy that? - Yes. - Totally. Well, you do know there is a prize up for grabs. First prize here today is gonna get back 'in a rally car.' This time it will be driven by a pro driver. You will be the passenger and you will be blasted 'to the top of the summit here today.' (Kristie) I'm not sure if I'm gonna take it out. (Alysha) I'm feeling pretty confident. (Amanda) I want a date so badly and I'm feeling really nervous. That winner... is Kristie. When you get to the top, Kristie there's a treat there too, so enjoy. (Kristie) As soon as he tells us my heart starts beating really fast. [dramatic music] [screaming] He takes me up to the top and there's Arthur waiting for me. - How was that? - It was so good! - That was awesome. - Oh, wow. - Did you enjoy today? - I loved it. - It was up your alley, eh? - It was so up my alley. - Yeah. - Yeah. (Kristie) The one-on-one time that I got with Arthur was the actual first time that I felt that nobody else was around and that we could actually, finally talk. So, I just wanted to let you know something. - Okay. - 'Um..' So, I try and come across as a tough person. I have a bit of a hard outer shell and I guess it's a wall and a barrier and we all have those up, I just think that I should let you know that it won't be that hard for me to take it down but it just takes me a bit of time. (Arthur) I'm really enjoying my chat with Kristie. This is a good opportunity for me to get on a deeper level with her. I've got some more stuff up my sleeve that's for sure. - Is that right? Oh, okay. - Yeah. So, okay, I can't not give you a rose then. Oh, yeah, you better. - Well.. - Just don't leave me till last. Oh, okay. What about if I made it second? - You did that last time. - But second, as in right now. I was looking around. I'm like, I don't see any roses anywhere. Kristie, will you accept this rose? Absolutely. Woo-hoo. (Kristie) That was actually out of the blue for me. I didn't expect it. - I did, I had so much fun. - Yeah. And this was just, a cherry on the top. The whole day was absolutely amazing. Nothing could have topped it off. So how is everyone feeling tonight? Not very good. Nervous, very nervous. (Arthur) I'm here to find someone really special and the cocktail parties are a great way for me to talk to the girls and find out more about them and see who I wanna spend more time with. [indistinct chatter] (Hayley) It would be beneficial for myself to have a little bit more time with Arthur. (Matilda) Oh, oh, bachelor alert. 9 o'clock. You know, just be able to show Arthur who I am before it's too late. [indistinct chatter] - Evening. - Hi. - How's everyone. - Good. - You're looking amazing. - Thank you. I have had a haircut, thank you for noticing. (Chrystal) I'm finding the cocktail parties a little boring, the conversation. I'm with the girls all day long and I just wanna talk to Arthur. (Carissa) 'I can't concentrate driving an automatic' 'let alone driving a manual.' (Chrystal) 'Like let's have a really exciting conversation.' But, Arthur, do you wanna take me away? [dramatic music] I'd love to. Yeah. (Dani) And I'm about to kill myself listening to this. That's funny that you would say that because I was just about to ask you if you'd like to come over to-- - I beat you to it. - You look lovely. Well, thank you. 'I think they've done well choosing' a New Zealand Bachelor. Hand on the belt there, on that side. - Ah, really. - Yeah. Chrystal has gone off with the bachelor 'cause she looks like super model tonight, winner. She does. I'm most definitely here for Arthur, after meeting him I probably think he's one of the most beautiful men I've ever met in my entire life. I wanna put my lipstick right on your face. I really do. - Look, it's perfect. - Is it? It's like a perfect.. - What. - What. - Did they just kiss? - She kissed him. - No, no way. - Did she? - On the lip? - I don't know. I just saw the pull away. Oh, and he's wiping his face. Maybe I'd like to do it again. No, it's ridiculous. Do you think it's gonna make the other girls jealous? Yeah, this is gonna be awesome. - Is that your plan? - That is my plan. I definitely think things will step up a notch now. If it was a lip kiss, we've got a problem. We've got a problem 'cause that was the first. I think he and Chrystal really have chemistry, yeah. But I think any male with a penis would have chemistry with Chrystal. (Danielle) I believe Chrystal was the way that she is because she's so beautiful. Men have made her life so easy for her that's she's been able to act in a manner where she feels entitled to get away with asking for more than everyone else is getting. She's saying, "Hey Arthur do you wanna go halves on a baby?" [girls laugh] I shall not be pursuing Arthur tonight. I'm still quietly confident about my connection with Arthur from our one-on-one date. Is anyone interrupting their date? Well, you haven't had a one-on-one with him. I think this is your chance, definitely. If You don't go, I'll definitely go. Oh. Someone needs to. (Dani) I've gotta fight for his attention, I do. You can't just sit back. I think that's proved in the last two Rose Ceremonies that if you sit back and wait for him to come to you.. Good luck. Chrystal is gonna eat you alive. I would be scared. Like, I do have good girlfriends like I surround myself with good girlfriends and I have my sister, which is amazing that she's, yeah, she's probably my best friend. Hello. Oh, shh, hey, let's try and listen. - Hello. - Hi. Sorry to be rude but I was hoping I could steal you. [intense music] I could not be more afraid right now. Now I feel bad because you look ridiculous. Do I look ridiculous? I look like a clown? (Dani) I'm thinking I need to spend some time with Arthur. There's no time to muck around. - Hello. Hi. - Hi. Sorry to be rude, but I was hoping I could steal you. [intense music] No, I don't think so. We're having a good conversation, babe. Oh, really? Not even for a second? Well, I said no, but it's up to you. Way to put me on the spot. I cannot believe that she has just put me in that situation. - Do it Dani. - Oh, it's a full on showdown. I think it'd be fine. I feel like we've had a really good chat. - Okay. - Yeah. I feel like you've really left your mark on me, so to speak. Thank you, Chrystal. (Dani) I will definitely be watching my back tonight. Chrystal might have a vendetta against me especially since Art chose me over her. - That was a bit awkward. - That was a little bit awkward. I didn't think she was gonna react like that. I thought she would be fine about it, but obviously not. [dramatic music] Can I steal you away for a moment? No. It's quite hard to talk to you with that on your face. Do you mind if I get it off? I don't know how I feel about her red lipstick all over your face while I'm talking to you. Okay. That makes me feel heaps better. - Thank you. - Really? Well, it's hard to get a chance, like a moment with you and I don't know you feel after our jet-skiing date but I feel like we get along so well. I felt so comfortable with you. Yeah, it was crazy, eh, and I didn't really wanna tell the girls too much about like our little date. I just felt like ours was just so relaxed. Yeah. And I was hugging you at one point. Yes, we were having a cuddle, which was nice. (Dani) Art is awesome. He's so kind, and nice, and really honest. (Chrystal) 'Go interrupt Arthur.' No. How do you know that you won't be going home tonight? You haven't spoken with him. I just don't want to interrupt. Weren't you suppose to go back in like one second? Yeah, how many seconds have we been here? Oh, God, far too many. For the love of God, someone needs to go over there because Dani's getting too much time. I'll go. Good. Get your balls out of your handbag. I think my couple of seconds is up. Um, so, I should probably go back to Chrystal. Oh, okay. Good luck with that. Thank you so much for coming over anyway. No, of course. - You're so nice. - So are you. - I really enjoyed that chat. - Yeah, it was awesome. - Okay. - Alright. - Can I intercept, is that bad? - No, of course. Where do you wanna go? Can I take you somewhere? Well, I am supposed to go and have a chat with Chrystal 'cause I was supposed to be gone for a second but I can come and chat with you in like a few minutes? Make sure you do, yes. Yeah. Alright, great. - Okay. - Okay. - I'll see you in a minute. - Okay. I mean it's pretty stink. Maybe it is time to up my game. - 'What happened?' - 'I was like sorry..' But do you mind if I steal Art away for a little bit? She goes, "No." She just showed a really bitchy side. He might just get rid of her because of it. He might just be like I don't someone around.. I don't want someone in my life that's gonna be a headache. I feel like they had heaps of time before I went over. I'm sorry that took longer than a second. - That's alright. - Yes. Alright, beat it sister. Talk to you later. - Who is he with right now? - Chrystal. Someone has to go stop it. I don't feel like if I butt into somebody else's conversation that that's going to give me some sort of advantage. I feel like up until now I haven't really known the real you. - Do you know, like-- - I don't know. I just feel like I know what matters in life. Like real versus fake, and in general. - Yeah. - I'm getting deep. You're getting very deep. So who's gonna interrupt next? I dare someone to do it. I'd be scared my eyes would be clawed out. I think that you and you need to go grab him at some stage. Yeah, I mean we'll see, if the opportunity arises, and it's easy-- - And it feels right. - Yeah, exactly. Well, it's been so good talking to you. Yeah, it was nice to talk to you too. I don't think we've ever chatted before. No. It's been nice. - You too. - Yeah. Up until now, everyone's been so friendly and got along so well, and now tonight I feel like she's kind of put a bit of a damper on it, yeah. So, the cocktail party is crazy, a bit of a free for fall. Good luck, girl. Good luck. Go Shiv, love you. And surprises just keep on coming from everywhere. - Hi. - How's it going? Hey, good. Can we have a chat? Yeah, of course. Are you okay with that? Oh, of course, honey. Have fun. - Okay. - See ya. Alright, let's head down this way. - Hello. - I finally got rid of you. and he was coming back to you. and he's like I'm coming back to you. He was coming to get you and then she interrupted. Ah, she's been working up to that-- So, he was coming to get me? He said to me, "Let's go find Amanda." If I don't put myself a bit more out there, I might be going home. (Chrystal) Thanks for interrupting, mole. - I was so scared of you. - What do you mean? You must have been over there for ages. - Someone had to break you up. - Yeah, I though I was.. You don't get all the time, sweetheart. ...like you guys had like ten minutes. (Chrystal) 'I hadn't had any alone time with him' at all this whole time, but it was totally fine. I'm glad that it was you if it was anyone. (Dani) 'So are you upset that he chose me' 'and not to stay with you then?' No, well, he come back, so that's fine. Alright, cool. Chrystal definitely has two faces. All is fair in love and war. Sure is. I don't feel awkward with Dani. (Carissa) 'Oh, look, he's holding her dress.' I'm not used to dressing up so glamorous. I'm more like Bohemian. No, I'm not usually shy, but to be honest I feel slightly intimidated by these beautiful, young women. I don't wanna go home. I want more dates. I want more fun, like yesterday was so much fun - Should I go now? - I think you should go now. - Carissa, go. - Go for it girl. - Get up and go. - Good luck. So usually I wouldn't hunt down Arthur, but tonight I think I will make an effort to talk to him and just have a conversation before the Rose Ceremony. - Hello. - Can I peep in for one moment? Of course you can. - I'll let you guys have a chat. - Thank you. Okay, I guess. Have a good chat, bye. I just thought I haven't really chatted to you. - I know, we haven't had a chat. - Yeah. It was the first time I had spent time with him since the first Rose Ceremony. So it was good to catch up and have another chat with him. - I'm proud of you.. - Thank you. ...the way that you did that. Having not known how to drive a manual that was incredible. - Are you proud of yourself? - Yes, definitely. I love learning new things and just experiencing. (Arthur) Carissa's sort of quite cute, and sweet and there's something about her. I might just go, just a little while and grab something. When Arthur got up, I actually thought he was just going to go and get another drink. [dramatic music] - Are you serious? - I am. I thought you were gonna go and get another drink. No, of course. Carissa, will you accept this rose? Yes, definitely, thank you so much. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Yeah. - Aw! So it was cute, yeah. It made me happy. (Poppy) So, Carissa got a rose. I didn't see that one coming. - Hi, you two. - Carissa. Just put that in the garden, you are so cute. I felt that if I was gonna be staying on any longer I definitely have to spend a little bit of time with Arthur. Can I steal a little bit of your time if that's alright? Yes, of course, yeah. So, I haven't got much time with you, so.. When you first start talking, it's a little bit awkward. Me, like I wanna do something fun with you like take you on an adventure. Mike then turns up. - Evening. - Good evening. Good evening everyone. Definitely you feel a little bit gutted. I hope you've taken the opportunity to get to know Arthur just a bit better. - It definitely helped. - Great. Well, I have to take him away because he's got some decisions to make. - See ya. - Bye. (male narrator) Coming up, a Rose Ceremony with a shocking revelation. Whoa. (Matilda) Poor Art had no idea what to say. My jaw hit the ground, I was like. (male narrator) Who will be leaving the mansion, tonight? [dramatic music] - Good evening, ladies. - Good evening. You all look amazing again tonight. Another eventful week here at "The Bachelor, New Zealand" with three roses handed out already. Kristie, you were very competitive at the rally drive. Was that about winning time with Arthur or winning the best time on the laps? A bit of both, I think. And, Matilda, again you've got a rose. How valuable is the time that you get to spend with Arthur away from the rest of the girls? Extremely valuable. - 'Wanting more?' - Absolutely. - And, Carissa, well done. - Thank you. Just before the cocktail party ended you managed to get a rose. How did that make you feel? I feel comfortable now. Well, great. Congratulations, girls. All three of you are safe tonight. 'For the rest of you, Arthur has 11 roses' to hand out tonight, which means one of you will be leaving the mansion. (Brigette) I'm actually not feeling that confident after I wasn't really myself on the group date. So I just hope that he sees through that. I wish you the best of luck, and if you're ready it's time to bring in Arthur. [dramatic music] (Poppy) Tonight, I'm starting to feel a little bit uneasy about whether I'm going to get a rose. Ladies, I've had an incredibly enjoyable last few days. 'It's been so good getting to know' so many of you a lot better. 'I've been pleasantly surprised with the way' that many of you have dropped down your barriers and really opened up to me. (Amanda) I felt sick because I'm not ready to go home yet. [dramatic music] Chrystal. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Thank you. (Matilda) Chrystal gets the first rose. I can see Dani's face is not exactly the happiest. (Danielle) I don't think she's capable of falling in love with Arthur. Amanda. Amanda, will you accept this rose? Yes, thank you. I honestly thought I was gonna pack my bags and I was gonna go home, but now I'm like, "Yay!" (Alysha) I would love a rose tonight. I will be gutted if I don't get one. Poppy. Hi. Poppy, will you accept this rose? I will, Arthur. Cheers. Cheers. Thanks. (Danielle) I'm not quite ready to go yet and I feel like there's still a potential there for me to see whether things could go anywhere with Arthur. (Hayley) I'm still feeling uneasy as to whether I'll receive a rose. (Danielle) If Hayley goes home tonight, I feel a little sad because she is a really beautiful woman. He's missing out on getting to know that. Alysha. And I'm just hoping, "Come on, Arthur, call my name." Alysha, will you accept this rose? Of course I will, thank you. (Dani) I do get these little glances from him. I mean, I feel like I was supposed to get a rose but then you don't know. Shivani. Shivani, will you accept this rose? Yes, thank you. Thank you. (Natalie) I am thinking I need to go and pack my bags, and I'm going home tonight. Danielle L. [dramatic music] Danielle, will you accept this rose? Arthur, I am genuinely here looking to find love but unfortunately I don't think we're going to get there. So unfortunately, I can't accept the rose tonight. Whoa. What, like none of us are excepting it. I think my jaw hit the ground. I was like.. (Natalie) I cannot believe that she has just said no to a rose from Arthur. Wow. (Matilda) Poor Art had no idea what to say because it was so unexpected. (Arthur) 'Do you wanna go have a chat?' - Sure we can. - Let's go outside. I think it would be disingenuous of me to continue on this journey knowing that I possibly didn't feel comfortable with the age difference, for me. Okay, I'm sorry that we didn't get to spend more with each other. Absolutely fine. I am not gonna lie, I am attracted to you and I do wanna find out more about you. - Thank you. - Goodbye. Sorry. - So, all the best. - You too. (Danielle L.) I just don't think that there would've been a long-term love connection between Arthur and I because we're at different stages of our life. (Kristie) Crazy, crazy night for Arthur, the poor guy I felt so sorry for him. So ladies, an unexpected twist here at "The Bachelor, New Zealand." (all) Yeah. Danielle has decided this isn't for her so will be leaving the mansion immediately. (Lisa) There's still six of us standing there without a rose so now we're like, well what happens next? For the rest of you who don't have a rose you will be safe and no one else 'will be leaving the mansion tonight.' Now I'm wondering, whether I was gonna be one of the girls going home or am I actually meant to be here. Maybe it's a good thing. It still gives me the chance to possibly get to know Arthur, and, you know, change his mind. Ladies, will you accept these roses? (in unison) Yes. [mellow music] (Brigette) Being one of the last six girls wasn't the best feeling but I still got a rose, so it's not the worst feeling. Thank you. I got my rose handed out, like it was freaking lolly scramble. I was just not as stoked about that. (Danielle L.) I genuinely hope that Arthur and one of these beautiful ladies fall in love and live happily ever after. [music continues] (male narrator) Next time, on "The Bachelor." (Amanda) Oh, my God. Are you serious? (male narrator) Arthur sets Amanda's heart strings on fire. (Amanda) I thought I'd been on a perfect date before until this day. It's getting really late and still no sign of Amanda. (male narrator) Jealousy infects the mansion. Did you kiss him on the face? (Lisa) I saw her looking to the left and that's a dead sign that she's lying. (male narrator) And emotional panic. Can Poppy come back from the brink? I can't do this anymore. [dramatic music] (male narrator) At the cocktail party who's got their claws out? Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? (male narrator) Then tears, as another girl's journey comes to an end. (Natalie) That's it, I'm gone. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 