The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 A romantic single date at the Wither Hills winery in Blenheim takes a surprising turn. On the group date things get competitive, as the girls battle it out before an emotional Rose Ceremony turns the competition on its head. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Mike) Previously on "The Bachelor.." Chrystal had a diamond date. (Chrystal) Definitely, diamonds are a girls best friend. (Mike) That rocked the mansion. Are they your earrings? They're my earrings now. (Mike) Then Dani gave Arthur a glimpse of the future. I couldn't help but imagine I was actually marrying Dani. (Dani) I'm confident that I could be the one at the end. (Mike) And a sad goodbye for Shivani. Everyone here absolutely loves you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We do, lots. - Yeah. (Mike) Tonight, on "The Bachelor" Arthur and Alysha head for the hills. (Mike) But will Alysha.. (Arthur) I ask Alysha for a kiss. (Mike) ...fall for Arthur's charms. (Alysha) Maybe risky move on my behalf. (Mike) Then, as a bruising group date. (Dani) The game plan is to beat Kristie. (Mike) Kristie shows her true colors. (Arthur) She's a little bit scary. (Kristie) I hate losing. (Mike) And later a nerve-wracking cocktail party. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (Kristie) It's now or never to tell Arthur how I'm really feeling. (Mike) Froze the battle for Arthur. May I steal Arthur? - Just one minute. - Rap up. (Mike) Wide open.. Unbelievable. Who could be going home, I have no idea now. [gentle music] (Arthur) I'm really enjoying getting to know the 11 women who are left in the mansion. And I'm definitely developing feelings for some of them. There's a couple of girls who still remain a bit of a mystery to me. So, I need to figure out if there's potential for a future with them. [gentle music] Hello, ladies. - Hello. - Looking very relaxed. (Amanda) When Mike comes over with the date card I'm hoping it's maybe me, again. Well, it is at that crucial stage where you really need to show Arthur the real you. So, the clock is ticking, no pressure, ladies, okay. I'm sure this will help. (Kristie) I would absolutely love a one-on-one date with Arthur. I'm here for me and that's all that really matters. - I'll take that. - You gonna tell them, Brigette? Thank you. Ladies, have a good evening and I'll see you next time. - Thanks, mate. - Bye! As much as I'm hoping that it is my turn for a single date, I think the longer I haven't had one, the more nervous I get about it. (female #1) 'What is it?' Alright. "Let's head for the hills." Heading for hills. (female #2) 'Maybe horse riding?' (female #3) One Tree Hill. Or hiking? Every time a date card comes I feel really anxious 'cause I know I'm one of the girls left that hasn't had a one-on-one with Arthur yet. And it is a, no surprise here, a single date. I think the single dates are invaluable. (Danielle) I'm surprised that I'm actually still here in the first place. It's definitely my turn to have that one-on-one time with Arthur. The single date goes to. [bell chimes] Alysha. [cheering] She screamed, I was like, "Whoa, girlfriend." (Carrisa) I didn't get the single date so, oh, well. I thought I was going home at this Rose Ceremony. (Natalie) I'm gonna try to be patient, but it is hard. I'm just so excited to get finally some one-on-one time. (Alysha) The timing is perfect 'cause I really want to figure out for myself whether I do have that connection with him that goes past a physical attraction and a friendship. (Arthur) I'm taking Alysha on the single date to Blenheim because we haven't spent much time together and she's somewhat of a mystery to me at the moment. - Hey. - Hey! (Alysha) Arthur is waiting on the tar mat for me which is very sweet. (Arthur) I've gone a little classy for today's date. And I'm really hoping that Alysha's gonna absolutely love it. (Alysha) We went straight from the airport into a classic car. Definitely a muscle car type of girl. [laughs] (Arthur) I think Alysha's really enjoying this drive she seems to be having a lot of fun. She's really getting into it. (Alysha) It was just really nice to be with him in the open air and have that wind blowing through. That was almost like a mini road trip. Alysha, to me, is very strong and confident and she knows what she wants. And I find that very attractive. Ah, here we are. - 'It's stunning.' - 'It's beautiful, huh?' - 'Oh, wine tasting.' - 'Yeah.' [upbeat music] (Arthur) We arrive at Wither Hills Winery and I take Alysha down to the cellar where I have arranged a tricky little challenge. And I'm really interested to see how she handles it. Welcome Alysha and Arthur to Wither Hills. What we're going to do today is something a little bit special. We're going to give you an opportunity to blend your own Sauvignon Blanc. Oh, that is so cool. You've got three different components of Sauvignon Blanc here, that means it's each of these different vineyards that come from different parts of the valley. You can blend it any way you like. - Yeah. - Give us a yell if you need me. I'm like a little kid in a science lab. [laughs] (Alysha) We are gonna create our own flavor. Let's turn this into a competition. Create your wine, come up with a name and Guy has to taste it. - Deal, let's do it. - Game on. Game on. Alysha really wants to win and I'm surprised she's actually quite competitive. Are we gonna say that you have to use all three? - No, no. - No? No, you can do whatever you like. - Okay. - Just don't get it wrong. You're kinda like this growl, aren't you? You're growing on me a little bit. (Arthur) She's giving me a run for my money. But she's still really enjoying it. No. I'm gonna win this. See the clarity. A little bit of honeydew look in it. Guy arrives back to taste our wines and judge them. This particular barrel is called The Bachelorette. - The Bachelorette. - Yes. 'Okay, I'll try it, I'll try it.' [laughs] That's delicious. Love it, well done. Oh, snap, boy. So, Guy, if you'd like to try the Southern Sapphire. The Southern Sapphire? This should be brilliant. (Alysha) 'Stop it.' (Arthur) 'It's named after your eyes.' Oh, and I think my birthstone is a sapphire, as well. (Arthur) 'Really?' I thought it was very cute it put a smile on my face. (Alysha) 'It's terrible, isn't it?' - It's very nice wine. - What? It's a great balance of three components there. 'There's a lot of flavor goin' on' and the name, Southern Sapphire can't get past that, can you? I give him props for the name, but.. You can take this from here. (Alysha) It was actually quite a nice wine he did do very well. I think she's probably having an amazing time on the date right now, she was so excited. How many girls have been on single dates now, then? - Six? - Six have gone on dates. Because there are 11 of us. - Five haven't. - Five of us left. There are, like, pro's and con's to both, though. 'Cause when you have a single date you have that connection and then you just have to wait. And hope that a better date doesn't come along and sweep your date away. (Alysha) Arthur tells me that we are going to go for lunch. (Arthur) How are you finding life in the mansion? It is good, I am loving the girls but I miss my family and my dog. - Yeah? - A huge amount. I am so close to my family and it is very hard not being with them everyday. But hey, today makes it all worth it. I'm really starting to get to know Alysha and find out more about her background and what makes her tick. This is the room where Wills and Kate sat when they came here. Oh, they've got nothing on us. Wills and Kate, who are they? Arthur and Alysha. No, that is really cool. (Alysha) That made it a little bit special, I guess to think that we were in the same room as royalty had been. - 'Why, that was delicious.' - It was amazing. Perfect date. - Yeah, it's been really nice. - It's been really good. I have been waiting, and I think now is just the perfect time. I was quite happy to sit back and just be on the group dates with you and slowly get to know you until I ready to, sort of, have that one-on-one with you. We're having an amazing time and I'd love to know what's behind those beautiful eyes of hers. (Alysha) After lunch we went for a walk in the vineyards which was very romantic just being able to hold hands and be close in that way. This is turning out to be the perfect day. - Yeah. - Love it. We're gonna share some wine and get a bit closer. Try this and tell me what two fruits you think it is. I vote stone fruit. No. Damn, I was gonna say nectarine. We are sitting next to each other on the beanbag and we're sort of cuddled up a little bit and Arthur walks off. I was a little bit unsure what it could be. Awe, that is so cute. Aw! (Alysha) Arthur gives me the bottle of wine and it has the label on it, Southern Sapphire. I love that kind of thing because it is seen to meant something I can hold on to. From me for you, named after you. Do you know, let's save it for if we go on another date or something like that, aye? Okay. Alysha loves the wine, but I do have another little surprise for her. [laughs] Oh, you're so clever. So, Alysha. - Yes? - Will you accept this rose? Of course I will. It's a beautiful one, too. Awe, thank you so much. Thank you, you're amazing to me. Thank you. Ever since we met, I feel like Alysha's been waiting for me to make the first move. So, today I am. I'm just pleased that you're.. Still here? Yeah. [indistinct] Makes me happy that you're still here. - 'Cause I quite like you. - I quite like you, too. I didn't think you'd grow on me this fast. - Really? - No, I didn't. I didn't expect it. I'm really attracted to Alysha and I know we have a connection. And so, I wanna see if there's a bit more of a spark. I think one thing that I would regret about today if I didn't ask you is, if I could kiss you. [laughs] Really? Yeah. When? Now. I really want to, but a part of me almost wants to save it for, like if we go on another date or something. - Yeah? - I don't know. I ask Alysha for a kiss and she says no. Like, I do really, really want to I have since we pretty much started this date. For me, kissing is a very intimate thing. It sort of signifies a connection and a relationship. I wanna save something for us that we can look forward to, you know if you do take me on a second date, and.. - I like that. - Yeah. No, it's definitely not because I don't want to. I completely respect her decision and I think it's quite nice that she wanted to save something for our next date. Whether or not we will have that moment I guess time will only tell. Yeah, maybe risky move on my behalf, I don't know. [suspenseful music] Do you think she kissed him? (all) No. - You don't think so? - I don't think she would have. - I think she will. - No. She seems like a bit of a go-getter I reckon she might've. I don't. Hello, my girls. I've missed you, a little bit. You've got wine for us, too. It's part of my story. Tell us, spill everything. We went to Blenheim for the day. [gasps] Alysha came back with a slight smirk and a slight glow. He made a wine, so they bottled it and then Arthur named it and it's called The Southern Sapphire. (Kristie) Alysha seems to have had a thrilling one-on-one date with Arthur, little bit jealous. And then we went out to the room 'they took Wills and Kate to have lunch.' - Wills and Kate? - 'I know.' The question is, did you guys kiss? [laughs] Yeah, I'll tell you girls the truth. He asked me, he said, "Can I kiss you, you know" "I've wanted to kiss you about three hours ago." And I said, "I do want to kiss you" "but I'm gonna politely decline at this stage." She's crazy not to kiss him. (Chrystal) Whatever floats your boat, girl. He's definitely a kissable kinda guy. You got a sparkle in your eye tonight. He's getting a bit sort of Billy big balls with the kissing now, you know, he seems to be kissing everyone. So, good on her, I think. (Dani) I feel like the house hussy, now. I've been patching him for like two weeks and she bloody turned him down. There's the truth. (Mike) Next, trouble on the trampoline. She's a little bit scary. (Mike) As Kristie gets serious. I need to win this. [dramatic music] [gentle music] - Hi! - Hey! - Hi, guys! - Hello! Another date card. Who wants to read it? Alright, I'll take one for the team. [laughs] (Brigette) Alysha is looking very smitten and she's done a 180 from how she was feeling. You guys are gonna have a field day with this clue. (all) Oh, no. (Carrisa) Alysha's personality, she's quite up and down but after the date with Arthur seemed to have perked up and she's got a smile on her face. Time to bounce. - Maybe like zorbing. - Yeah. Yeah. Or what about that place that jump where you, with the trampolines. Do you wanna know who's going on it? [laughs] First girl Brigette. I hope Brigette's wearing a sports bra. Those bad boys could knock her out. Natalie. I'm surprised that my name's on that date card but hey, if I'm on it then I'm ready for it. Dani. Oh, me! Lucky number four goes to Chrystal. [cheering] Yay! Danielle. Yes. Kristie. - And that's all. - Oh, okay. The rest of you are staying home with me. [laughs] Alright, team, well, let's bounce. - Have fun! - Yay! No, I really wanted to go on that one, damn it. (Kristie) So, we pull up to Jump, not 100% sure what it is but the girls are explaining that it's similar to trampolining. So, I'm thinking it's gonna be right up my alley. (Natalie) When I see the tramps I'm so excited 'cause I've always wanted to go to a place like this. Hello, everyone, great to see you. (all) Hi. Well, I know how competitive you all are 'and I know you like some physical activity.' 'So, I'm pretty sure you are going' to love today's group date. I'm guessing that there's gonna be a competition within the girls, and I'm pretty pumped. We thought it was time you let off a little steam with a quick fire round of trampoline dodge ball. (Kristie) Am I competitive? Of course I'm competitive. It's written all over my face. Now, I need you ladies to separate yourselves into two teams of three. (Brigette) I immediately glue on to Kristie because she is quite the feisty one. (Dani) I'm coming with the taller's, I straight away go for Chrystal and Nat 'cause I feel like the team around might be a bit better if I've got all my girls. (Mike) 'The winning team will progress to the next round' which is a three on one slam dunk competition. 'And the reward, some one-on-one time with Arthur.' I'm definitely needing more time with Arthur because I feel least close to him than other girls. Right on, ladies, let's jump to it. (Dani) I feel like a bit of aggression could come out of this that has been pent up maybe. Keep it low to the ground so keep your knees nice and bent. And you only need to take two steps on this first one and then one step. Kristie is taking the lead. (Arthur) She's organized team talks and they're workin' out strategies, pretty intense. Okay, just do what's more natural. I don't think any of this comes natural to me. (Kristie) Apparently I'm a natural born leader that's what all my teachers have said in my reports. I'm just afraid to be hit, do I just not worry about being hit and just.. Don't worry, if you get hit, you get hit. Hit em' back. Kristie is taking it far more seriously than the others. I've never played and it looks a bit violent. As soon as you get the ball slam and smash Kristie. Absolutely get her. (Chrystal) I'm definitely not scared of Kristie the game plan is to bring her down a couple notches. Kristie and Brig, one, two, three! Kristie is so competitive that she's a little bit scary. Okay, girls, round one. (Danielle) I am lucky to have Kristie on my team. If I was facing Kristie I'd be really scared. Three, two. (Chrystal) I've got so much energy, I'm ready to get amongst it. (Arthur) One! (Natalie) I'm not making a dick of myself. [whistle blows] [dramatic music] (Arthur) The girls are really getting into it and you can see that they really wanna win. It's some of the most exciting sport I've seen in a while. [dramatic music] Oh! [whistle blows] - Dani's a head. - Dani, you're out. - Good shot, Kristie. - Dani, you alright, babe? Nice shot, you're lucky. Kristie just wants to win today. (Dani) Getting the attention from Art she'll probably like but I think she is definitely more focused on just winning. (Arthur) Good dodge. I'm quite dodgy so I managed with the dodgy moves quite well. Ready? Go ahead, go. Ready? One, two, three, go. Just go. (Natalie) My strategy is to catch the balls because if you catch it, they're out we get a team player back in. [whistle blows] That's a catch, Brigette, you're out. Damn it! (Arthur) 'Dani, back in.' 'Deflection. No, not hit.' (Natalie) I am too afraid of Kristie she has got some guns and when she gets the ball it's like.. (female #4) Watch out, watch out, watch out! Kristie goes nuts. [screams] (Arthur) 'Head shot, head shot.' [laughs] (Arthur) 'Great arm.' [whistle blows] Chrystal, you're out. [laughs] Watch out, watch out! [screaming] (Mike) 'How is she still in?' (Arthur) Round one gets down to Kristie and Dani and you can tell that neither of them wanna lose. Let's go! (Natalie) When those two are left you can cut the tension with a knife. There's a lot of bouncing and not much throwing, ladies. I'm being a bit cheeky, as well. I've got two of the dodge balls in my hand I'm like, "Come on, Kristie." (Kristie) I need to win this, it's definitely my turn to have that one-on-one time with Arthur. (Arthur) Round one gets down to Kristie and Dani neither of them wanna lose. You can cut the tension with a knife. [dramatic music] - Watch out. - Watch out, watch out. [suspenseful music] (Arthur) 'That's out!' [screaming] I hate losing, not very good at it. [screaming] Kristie's pretty sour about losing, I'm surprised. Maybe Kristie never loses, I seemed to beat her today, so. [laughs] Well done, guys. (Kristie) I put a smile on my face and tried to be happy be a good sport but I was pretty gashed on the inside. Well, congratulations. You've now progressed through to the next round. Which is a slam dunk competition. (Arthur) It's gonna be a great opportunity to see how the girls go physically, but also creatively. And the reward is some valuable one-on-one time with Arthur. (Dani) I always want one-on-one time with Art. I know I've had quite a bit so far but definitely planning for more. So, ladies, we wanna see something like this. [upbeat music] [laughs] And that, ladies, is how you do it. Work that out, casual back slip, no. Chrystal, I think you're up. (Chrystal) I don't need to break my knee to get some one-on-one time with Arthur today. Oh, here we go. (Arthur) Chrystal surprised me she had a yoga routine going and the ball under her top, yeah, it was really creative. It was pretty sucky having to sit on the bench, so yeah it wasn't fun for us. (Arthur) 'There you go.' (Kristie) You know, we're sitting back watching them and I was getting pretty impatient. All I wanna do is bust in there and show them my moves. Thank you, my dear. I can't think of anything to do. I'm just having a complete.. I don't know what I'm doing. (Arthur) That's awesome! - What were you worried about? - Yeah. - Okay, there you go. - Yeah, that was awesome. Yeah. Down the top seems to be on trend. (Dani) I'm gonna win this one, I'm definitely gonna try. [laughs] (Mike) 'How you gonna get it in now?' (Dani) I actually was just improvising the whole time. [laughs] (Arthur) Dani's dunk was hilarious. - Creative, Dani. - Well done. (Mike) 'Thank you team purple, for showing us' creative slam dunks here today. It was a very difficult decision. But, the winner today showed the most flare and managed to do three slam dunks in one. So, Dani, you're the winner. [laughs] - Come on. - Thanks. Bye, guys. (Kristie) If I would have been able to do the slam dunk competition I would've owned it. (Dani) I'm not sure how the other girls feel towards Kristie the way that she reacted from losing also wasn't a very good look. So, I don't know if she will stay tonight. It sounds like such a fun date, I wish I was going. I know, I wish I was going, too, it sounds awesome. It's been ages since our single date so I just hope that, you know he isn't getting caught up in everyone else. I didn't get to go on the date, so I'm 50/50 again this week whether I'm the one that's gonna go home or not. I wonder if anyone's gonna be really competitive and it'll like turn him off, you know? Kristie's pretty in your face sometimes. Yeah, yeah, I think Kristie will be the most competitive today. I'm the only one here that hasn't had a one-on-one. (female #5) Your time will come. (Carrisa) Although I spend time with Arthurat the cocktail parties and group dates I just feel as though it's not enough. So, I would like a one-on-one. Bet you couldn't see how Danielle.. She might come out last. - Yeah, you bet though. - All girls are amazing. - I've always said this. - I don't know. I think she's got a wild side. (Arthur) We just had free reign on the foam pits. Jumping around doing flips. [laughs] That was really nice just having that time alone to get to know each other a bit better. It was a fun day, I think Kristie was a bit sad. You guys were kinda like rivals. But it's all a bit fun for me. - Yeah. - I don't really care. But I'm glad I, like, we won. How are you feeling this far in? I woke up this morning thinking I really quite like all of the girls. That's scary. Yeah, it's really tough. I know, I don't envy you. Dani did just get one-on-one time. She said she's had three group dates and three one-on-ones But it's a competition, guys, so I've gotta hand it to her. Tight of a person is, if you get it, you get it. - Yeah. - I love it. I have had a lot of time with you and I think that affects some of the girls sometimes and half the girls will be really happy for me and then half of them will probably not talk to me for like the next week, so. - Really? - Yeah. I think the girls might be a little bit jealous of the amount of time that Dani and I have spent together. It's like the closer and closer I get to you the more isolated I become from some of the girls in the house, and it just sucks. I'm a people pleaser and I like everyone to like me and when I'm sensing tension from someone it doesn't make me feel too good. I shouldn't have to apologize for spending time with you, I'm not going to either. This is what I'm here for. The foam pit goes quiet, there's been no movement I think someone's patching in the foam pit. [faintly speaking] Okay, give me a kiss. You're gonna make this graceful. Oh, no, I need a lift. So, the dates ended and there is no rose handed out. (Mike) Coming up, a make or break cocktail party where Brigette takes it a step too far. I think you're a dick. (Mike) And Chrystal's out for the kill. - May I steal Arthur? - Just one minute. (Kristie) And she still just stands there. Back off. Unbelievable. (female #1) I'm not sure what the cocktail party tonight will hold there is only one rose, so far so I think all the girls will be looking out for those. Is there no one else who's slightly scared that wants to go have a chit chat with Arthur tonight? Kristie, you wanna chat to him, huh? Yeah, I do, it's been a long time. I'm feeling a little uneasy for tonight's cocktail party confidence levels are pretty low. (Dani) I think Kristie should be a little bit worried tonight. I know that Art wasn't impressed with the way she took losing on the group date. She kind of stuck a few nails in her own coffin. - Evening. - Hello. Hello. Hi, how's everyone? (all) Good. - Cheers. - Cheers. Cheers to top eleven. (Arthur) Going into tonight I feel like there's a lot riding on this cocktail party. It's a big decision that I'm making tonight and there are definitely some girls that I have yet to fully make a connection with. I was actually wondering if I could borrow Brigette for a chat. Go on, then. [laughs] - 'Come on.' - 'Thanks.' I was gonna hold hands. (Poppy) She didn't want to hold his hand and that's up to her. To her, he's still pretty much a stranger. I don't wanna do it awkward and pretend enjoy it 'cause I won't. That was a first, a girl not wanting to hold my hand. I, I don't know what was up with that. Brigette, how do you feel about me? - I think you're a dick. - Really? Aw, man. Brigette didn't start off too well. I've always said that I want somebody to make me laugh and I find you really funny, but I think I think, I don't know, what do you call it? Float your boat, no? Blow your whistle? Come on. I think float my boat and blow my whistle both work. Don't you think you have a big head? Yeah. I love talking to Brigette, she's so funny she's got an incredible sense of humor. Why don't you go over now? No, like I said before, I want him to approach me. I'm here for him, I want him to show me something that he's willing to come to me. Kristie and I are very similar in terms of personality. She does just want to sit back and allow him to come to her. And if it gets to the end of the night and I haven't spoken to him, you know what let me go talk to him. I do find that I'm not as close to you as I think other girls are. I can see somethin' there that's definitely a possibility. But it's just a matter of tryin' I guess, to figure that out. (Arthur) Brigette is an incredible person but I just wonder if there is any romance there. Okay, who's going home? Kristie. Well, that was pretty quick. 'Cause I don't think he looked too impressed with her yesterday. Just with her competitiveness, it was very unattractive. If Kristie did go home, I mean I'd say that would be okay. I think that would be fine. - I think that'd be alright. - I could deal with that. - Yeah. - Yeah, I think so, too. - I think we'd move on. - Yeah. Same prediction as last week, she was bottom two. I don't think that means anything. Is he going to ask Kristie to talk to her? He's goin' over there. Kristie, would you like to go have a chat? - I'd love to. - Fantastic. Let's go. Please excuse us. I'm super thrilled, and there's something that I've been wanting to ask Arthur for quite a well while now. What are you like as a handy man? - I'm pretty handy. - Oh, yeah? - I'm pretty handy. Yeah. - Yes. Good to know. What are you like under a hood of a car? All I know are part from motors. - Oh, no. - Nah. That's the only thing I can't do. - That's what I want to learn. - Nah. No, sorry. You're gonna have to look elsewhere. Right now, he's giving me really positive body language and, you know, I'm getting nice vibes off him and, you know, making eye contact. (Arthur) Kristie seems quite confident and staunch in a cute way. (Amanda) Within, like, two minutes Chrystal's like "I'm gonna go over there." And I was pretty much, "Go on, then" "Make this night entertaining." We're about to be intercepted. Hey. - Oh, hi. - Hi. Kristie, may I steal Arthur? Are you gonna steal him away from me? Chrystal interrupted us quite early on and I could tell that Kristie was a little bit upset about that. Oh, well, you know, it's always up to him. I guess it is. Would you give us, like, a minute or two? (Kristie) And she still just stands there. I'm just thinking, "Just back off." - A minute or two? - Just one minute. Just one minute would be great, thank you. Okay, rap up. It could be seen as quite selfish of Chrystal to butt in on Kristie's conversation seeing as Kristie hasn't even had a single date yet. (Kristie) Chrystal was just standing there listening in and I thought, "Okay, it's now or never" "to tell Arthur how I'm really feeling." Alright, well, thank you for your time. I just wanna say I'm here for the right reasons. I'm here for love, and I don't need a man but I would really, really truly like one. Cool. Alright, thank you. So, a hug. [dramatic music] - Hi, guys. - Oh, hey. I feel like a stalker. Definitely. [dramatic music] That was a little bit harsh, I gotta say. (Kristie) 'All good, I'm not gonna let her step in.' (Matilda) 'What did you say when she came to..' Oh, she came over, I'm like, "Chrystal" "just give us a minute, he'll be with you when he can." 'Go do your own stop watch.' But she's sort of just standing there watching and she's like, "I feel like a bit of a stalker." I'm like [makes clicking noise] Are you gonna go and bust in on him and Chrystal? (Kristie) 'I feel like I should, right?' Yeah. You alright, it's quite cold. I know, it's very cold. Oh, this jacket is so good. I feel as though there's a lot more riding on these cocktail parties and I think the girls know that as well. As it's getting smaller and smaller it's getting, everyone's getting a little bit more serious. Tonight's, like, really difficult. - Good luck with that. - Thanks, yeah. - Thanks. - Does it help? Yeah, it's huge. Yeah. No problem, you're welcome. (Arthur) Everyone just realizes that they need to make the most of the time. Has he just grabbed Carissa right now and is he taking her to the old gazebo over there? - 'He has to.' - Wow. Carrisa's really quite shy, but I think there's a lot more to it than meets the eye. So yeah, how's everything going? - Yeah, good. - Yeah? Are you having a hard decision tonight? I'm having the hardest decision. Yeah, I could imagine. And it's hard for us girls, as well 'cause we're all kinda, like becoming really close and you're breaking us up as well, yeah. - Thanks. - So, yeah. Yep. I know I am. Have you guys got, like, a little clique going on? - We kinda do, yeah. - You do, huh? We have our own, like, personal jokes. Yeah, you wouldn't understand, so. - Yeah? - Yeah. Who should I stay away from, then? All I'm gonna say is that Chrystal's name, like, the gem stone you can see right through her. Wow. He's talking to everyone tonight that he's not sure about. Kristie, Carissa, Brigette. There's people I would prefer to go home in front of Carissa. We just want people to go home that's gonna make our lives better. Brigette's messy, Kristie's annoying. - You're quite quiet. - I'm not quiet. I, ah, I'm not quiet to people I know. (Arthur) The conversations that I've had with Carissa have been a little bit superficial and at times awkward. I feel like we've kind of struggled to find that common bond. I feel comfortable in my own skin and everything it's just, like, if it was out of the situation I'd be a bit different. - Oh, hi. - Hi. - Great to see you girls. - Yes. Yeah, but, Kristie, I thought our conversation was cut short. I was wondering if you wanted to head out and.. - Yay, thank you. - Carry on. - Yeah, yeah. - Elbow? - Yeah, sure, of course. - It's just unstable shoes. - He took a rose. - Did he? Oh, my gosh. It's good talking to you, Kristie. Yay, I'm a big talker. - Is that Kristie? - Oh, is he back with Kristie? [gasps] She's gonna get a rose. I actually wanted to see if you would accept this rose? Oh, my God, when did you get that? I just snuck it behind my back as I walked out. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. (Kristie) I'm so happy right now. Getting this rose just means that he understands where I was coming from. So, the only girl that's got a rose at this cocktail party is Kristie. [sword clinking] Unbelievable. You know, it's just a rose but honestly it does mean so much. Do you wanna go show Chrystal your rose? Yep. Kristie's staying with us, yay. I can't wait to be bossed around again for another week. (Dani) The two people I thought could possibly go home have got roses. So, spinner in the works. Who could be going home, I have no idea now. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] Good evening, ladies. There are just 11 of you remaining here at the mansion. And I know you all hope you have more time to spend with Arthur. (Carrisa) I'm hoping to get a rose so I don't have to wait and feel nervous the whole time. (Amanda) I feel sick, because I'm not ready to go home yet. (Mike) 'Kristie and Alysha, you are both safe tonight.' For the nine of you remaining Arthur tonight has just seven roses to hand out. (Mike) 'Which means two of you will be leaving the mansion tonight.' I am in complete shock. Did not see it coming. (Amanda) We all freak out, we're all like "Oh, my God, I'm going home." (Natalie) I am certain that I am one of those two girls. (Chrystal) How exciting, this group needs to get smaller. The faster the better. [dramatic music] Two people going home tonight, not just one, this is huge. (Poppy) We've all got some great friends in the house but the real reason I'm here is for Arthur. [dramatic music] Ladies, thanks for the last few days. It's been a lot of fun and it's been great getting to know all of you a lot better. Which has made this decision tonight so, so incredibly hard. (Chrystal) I'm definitely not ready to go home and I am more than happy to stay. (Kristie) Not gonna lie, I am very relieved that I have a rose in my hand at the moment. [suspenseful music] Chrystal. (Kristie) Chrystal's name is called first he obviously has a connection with her. I'm lost for words. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. - Thanks. - Thank you. (Dani) I so wish I could just get inside Art's head for about five minutes 'cause I honestly can't pick anything. Natalie. (Natalie) I like danced my way to Arthur and I am relieved. Natalie, will you accept this rose? Oh, thank God, I totally will. - Thank you - Thank you. [suspenseful music] (Brigette) I have no idea whether I'm going home or not tonight. Dani. Will you accept this rose? Of course I will. - Thank you. - Thank you. (Matilda) As it's like two girls called, then three I'm getting more and more nervous. (Danielle) The longer I'm here, the more I would like to get a rose fromArthur. Matilda. (Matilda) So glad that I wasn't sent home, it's a massive relief. Matilda, will you accept this rose? Definitely, thanks. [gentle music] [suspenseful music] (Brigette) I hope my name is about to get called but at the rate this is going right now I could be going home. Danielle. (Poppy) Most of the other girls names have been called so I'm starting to get worried. (Amanda) I'm still here, don't forget about me. Danielle, will you accept this rose? I would love to. Thank you. [suspenseful music] I'm so sorry, I didn't think it was gonna be this hard. (Carrisa) I still want a rose, I don't wanna go home. (Poppy) I'm gearing myself up to do my final walk. (Brigette) If he sends me home already then maybe he just doesn't feel a connection. [gentle music] Poppy. (Poppy) Yay. I'm so happy I'm still here. You trickster, you. Poppy, will you accept this rose? I will, Arthur, thank you. Thank you. [suspenseful music] (Amanda) And we're down to the last rose and there's three of us standing there. My hearts pounding. We're all hoping that it's us. I don't wanna go home yet at all. I would really like the chance to get to know Arthur a bit more. [gentle music] Amanda. Thank you. Amanda, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will, thank you. [gentle music] (Amanda) I'm really happy I've got thislast rose and everyone's crying. And then it made me really upset. [gentle music] Carissa and Brigette, you did not receive a rose tonight. Which means you will be leaving the mansion. Please take a moment to say your goodbyes. (Matilda) It's so hard saying goodbye to the girls. I've become so close with Carissa she's amazing, so it's just really sad. Brigette's been my best friend since day one. Seeing her go was a real shock, she will be devastated. All the best. And there's some amazing girls here, so, you're pretty lucky. Thank you. [laughs] [gentle music] [laughs] Come here. (Poppy) Things are getting pretty real. I'm just really sad to see Brigette go. The love of my life is out there somewhere I am definitely not giving up hope any time soon. (Charrisa) I'm gutted that I didn't get to have that chance with Arthur, but I think there is definitely is someone out there for me that I will fall in love with and live happily ever after. (Mike) Tomorrow night, the story continues. Arthur splashes out on a pool party but jealousy drives a wedge. I'd keep an eye on her, ladies. (Mike) Pushing some girls into deep water. I'm not gonna kiss you, okay. - Didn't wanna kiss you anyway. - Well, good. I'm glad. (Mike) And on a luxurious single date. Whoa, this is very cool. (Mike) Natalie and Arthur take the plunge. I'm just thinking I'm one of the luckiest guys in the world. (Mike) Then, at a feisty cocktail party Alysha fronts up to Chrystal. I was very offended. Oh, thank God, we're not at that table. (female #2) Cracks are really starting to appear. [pensive music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 