The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 While one Bachelorette wonders if she will ever get her time to shine, another falls further and further for Arthur's charms. At the cocktail party...a shock announcement turns the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "The Bachelor" Kristie's single date left her empty-handed. There's no rose. No one has gone on a single date and not got a rose. Then, in a dramatic horse-riding accident Matilda broke her arm but gained a more ardent suitor. Thank you so much. I feel protective of her. Then, at an agonizing rose ceremony.. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I couldn't make a decision. ...Arthur's indecision got the better of him. Arthur, you cannot have eight girlfriends. And nobody went home. Tonight on "The Bachelor" Arthur takes one lucky girl sky high. We just pushed out of the plane. But for another bachelorette it's not all plain sailing. You alright? Then, at an intense cocktail party girls lay their hearts on the line. I think I'm going to be smiling for the rest of the night. And a shock announcement 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 leaves Arthur in the lurch. My heart is just breaking for her. And another farewell leaves some girls feeling guilty. I need to take back everything bad that I've said about her. With each day that passes, I'm developing stronger and stronger connections with each of the girls, and it's really difficult to choose who should stay, and who to say goodbye to. But it's something that I have to do so that I can discover who it is that I could potentially spend the rest of my life with. Hello! - Hi, Mike! - Hi, Mike! Matilda, great to see you. Thank you. 'How's the arm feeling?' It's a lot better today. Yeah. Feeling.. But I still got little sausage fingers. Cute, I'd like to say Ladies, that is the end of the extreme dates, but you know Arthur. He is a man who loves adventure. So, I'll guess you'll want this. - Yeah. - Yes, please. Dani. Well, until next time, Ladies, have an enjoyable day. - Thanks! - Thanks, Mike! I'm really wanting a second single date but I think it is gonna be Danielle. She hasn't been yet, and it would just be a little bit rude to already start on second dates. "I'm taking you sky-high, then off the grid." - Hot air balloon. - Yeah, that would be nice. - That would be a cool date. - While, in the hot air balloon. It's a single date. - Ooh! - Yeah. I really want the single date. That's the only way I'm actually going to know if I have a connection with Arthur or not. And the girl going on the date is.. Poppy. - Really? - Yay! - Oh, my god! - Yep. Maybe I'm just not his cup of tea. I think I need some help, you guys. I just don't know what I need to do to get a single date around here. I wonder whether Arthur is kind of testing me just to see what I'm really made of. I feel really bad for Danielle but I'm also like "Sweet. I'm off. See ya!" - Bye! - Bye! I think Arthur knows me pretty well and I trust that he will choose something that I'm gonna love. Tand.. Oh, no! Oh, shi.. God, no! Oh, my God, no. I want to tell Arthur that he's got the wrong girl. No, no, next! I'm not getting out. - Hey! - Morning. Morning. Poppy looks really freaked out. Oh, my God, really? - Well, yeah. - Oh, God! I'm a bit worried that she might not want to do it. Oh, God! Yes! Yes! - Really? - Yes, let's do it! - Yes! - I'm so excited! It was touch and go, I wasn't sure. I'm so excited. I'd love to do it, yeah but I'm gonna be a bundle of nerves. 'You know, when you do something really scary' it produces a hormone called phenyl ethylamine. That makes you think you're in love. - Really? - Yeah, honestly. All part of my plan. You look like someone from the eighties. - Do I? - Yes! With my bum bag? You look like you're up to a roller disco. Poppy looks so cute with her little pigtails and her jumpsuit. Yeah, I'm looking really hot right now. I'm looking dead sexy. Nervous now? Yeah, nervous excited. Nervous excited? - Really? - Yes. Arthur's doing his best to calm me down. - C'mon, let's do it. - I'm gonna have so much fun! This plane is teeny, tiny and I'm squished up next to three big men. And we start to go up and the views are unbelievable. And I suddenly went very quiet, and I'm just hoping that I'm not going to die. I reached back and give Poppy's leg a little squeeze just to reassure her and let her know that I'm next to her, and we're in this together. We get to 10,000 feet, the door opens and then the wind just rushes in. Whoosh, cold air everywhere freezing, freezing cold. I'm thinking, "What if the parachute doesn't open? What if I die?" And then it's just, we're off. And then we're falling. I feel incredible. I'm so glad that I could share this experience with Poppy. Freefalling is the most unbelievable experience I've ever had in my life. Suddenly, the parachutes pulled and.. ..silence. All the wind just stops. Everything stops, the rush just stops and you just we had this amazing glide down to the ground. It was beautiful. I'm a bit heavier than Poppy, so I land first. And then she comes down and lands on her feet actually very gracefully. I'm safe. I didn't die. What an adrenaline rush. Arthur gives me a big hug. It's so amazing to do that with him. I'm so glad I chose Poppy for this date. She's definitely the right person. Afterwards, Arthur and I hop in the car, and it's lovely. This is where we can just completely relax. And we pull up to this picturesque little driveway, and it says, "Warm Earth Cottage." Beautiful flowers, and trees, and orchards. Arthur tells me that we are going to pick some fruit which is right up my alley. It's a little piece of paradise and I can see Poppy just light up. Look at the butterflies! This is bringing back lots of childhood memories 'cause my sister and I used to go out to the orchard and the house and eat really unripe fruit and get a bit sick, it sounds like Arthur had a similar childhood in that respect. - Yum. - Yum. I'd love to have this one day, have a garden like this. Yeah, me, too. Love someone who can appreciate the simple things in life. The guy who likes that and loves his family these are the important things for me. Is this our own private, little creek? Yeah. It looks absolutely freezing, Arthur! We'll find out. So cold, I've got goosebumps, but I love it. I love this kind of stuff. We both dive in at the same time. Then my bikini falls down. Poppy has a wardrobe malfunction, and, uh I get an eyeful. - You, alright? - Yes, I'm cold! Arthur can tell I'm getting a bit cold so he pulls me close. It's really nice hugging Poppy in the water. It feels safe, and I feel happy. Arthur's definitely getting a lot more affectionate with me. It feels really comfortable and natural. I'd be lying if I said I didn't have feelings for Arthur. It's a perfect moment. I'm loving this. So what do you guys think Poppy's doing on her single date today? Canyoning. She really wants to do the glowworm caves. - Ah, really? - Yay! Well, hopefully for her sake they are doing it. - Yeah. - Yeah. What's that, uh, white thing? Second date card arrives. I'm thinking, maybe it's a group date. - Alright, clue. - Yeah. "Some things are just better one-on-one." - Oh! - Whoa! The card's read out and we starting thinking, "Well. This doesn't sound like a group date." We're not gonna have two single dates in a row. - One-on-one. - I know! Alright, hands up. Who thinks it's a single date? Group date? Group date, but like speed dating. I'm definitely hoping that I'm going to be on this group date. Just need to talk to Arthur and settle a few things. It'd be really nice just to have a couple moments with him. - Is it a group or single? - It's a single date. I really hope the single date goes to Danielle. She totally deserves that. And the girl going on the single date is.. Danielle. Oh, my God! Thank God, that poor woman. So you can unpack those bags, girl. Yeah. You're not going anywhere. She deserves an award for her patience 'cause I don't know if I would have stuck around that long. I think you deserve to hold onto this one. Yeah, I'm not gonna let this go. After the freezing cold swim Arthur leads me up to where there is a bath prepared. This is so romantic. No one's ever done this for me before. It's heated up by a fire underneath it which I've never seen before. - Is it warm? - Yeah, perfect. We hop in the bath together which was a bit of a squeeze. He's a big guy, and I've got quite a sizable rear. We're definitely cozy in this bath. I feel a very strong connection with Poppy. This has been a perfect day. Cheese and watermelon! And our berries that we picked. - And our berries we picked. - Yeah. I don't want our date to end so I've arranged for a few more treats and the fruits of our labor. I must say, I've never had a second date in a bath, though. - You haven't? - It's quite forward. Oh, it's pretty standard for me. Quite early on, I figured out that I liked you. I realized I liked you from the beginning as well. That's why I picked you for the first date. Straight off the bat, I knew that I liked you. Well, Poppy, I've thoroughly enjoyed today. And uh.. I just happened to have... something that I'd really hope that you would accept. Poppy, will you accept this rose? I gladly will accept this rose. Thank you. You just made my day so amazing. Thank you. Thank you. Poppy had said to me previously that she doesn't want to kiss me until she's in the final five. I think you're awesome. But I think now's the time. Can I kiss you, Poppy? I really wanna see if we can take our relationship to the next level. Yeah. It's a faultless kiss. Kissing Poppy is really nice. She's got lovely lips. The moment feels like it's in slow motion. The moment was so right. It's pretty much everything I hoped it would be and more. It's just one of the nicest things anybody's ever said to me. Arthur is somebody that I could fall in love with. Just everything about you, Poppy. - Shush, Arthur. - Sorry. I was kind of snapped back to reality like, "Oh! Yes, you also have a lot of other girlfriends." - I know. - I'm really sorry. - No, I see it. - You know? I see it. I really don't wanna get hurt. They wouldn't have gone glowworm caving. That was something adrenalin-ish. Skydiving, they're gonna throw her out, or something. Or throw her off something. Hi! - Hello, girls. - Welcome back. Thank you. Oh! So did you get a rose? I got a rose! She's looking very relaxed and calm as you probably would be, holding a rose. Start from the beginning. We drove into the tandem skydive. If I was going on a date, and then Surprise, you're jumping out of a plane not my cup of tea. So what else? What else? So then we drove to Warm Earth Cottage. It was picturesque. It was in the middle of the hills. And it just keeps going, like, the next thing and then the next thing, and then the next thing so it sounds like an awesome day. We went back up, and he had run a bath. It's a little bit crushing to hear what a wonderful time Poppy had with Arthur 'cause I'm always thinking, "Yes, I wish that was me!" - Yeah, it was really lovely. - Did you kiss? Of course, they wanted to know if we kissed. I think if she did kiss Art today she would come across as a bit of a hypocrite because she has been so vocal about not kissing him. I pecked him on the cheek. - Good girl. - Just a little peck. A nicely entry-level kiss. I didn't lie. I told the girls that I kissed Arthur on the cheek. And I did. She tells us that she's pecked him on the cheek. And I believe her. I do feel like everyone has been honest about whether they kissed him or whether they didn't kiss him. It was a truly magical day. Yeah. I feel really lucky that they dropped it and I actually didn't lie. I am so relieved that I finally get to go on a first date with Arthur. He looks absolutely fantastic. - So excited! - I know! - Finally, right? - Yeah, definitely. Danielle looks great. She's as bubbly as ever. She's got a huge smile on her face. She's the last of the girls to go on a single date, so I really hope that she likes what I've got planned for her. 'Where are we going, though?' - Throw me a bone. - 'Yeah, industrial area.' 'I thought maybe we could just see' how you go at driving a forklift. He is just not going to let on anything. 'No way!' 'What do you call this?' - This is Blokarting. - Blokarting. - Yeah. - I love it. I've chosen Blokarting for the date today with Danielle, because I wanna see what she's like outside of her comfort zone. - Okay. Let's do it. - Yeah. We have a little tutorial about making sure that if anything goes wrong, you would let the rope out. That's Rule One, Rule Two, and Rule Three. - How do we get started? - I don't know. - We need an adult. - Can someone give us a push? Oh, my God! Go, Danielle! I'm gonna come and get you in a minute. Here we go. Move! So then I hear that, we're going to have a race. - Three, two, one. - Three, two, one. - Go! - Go! I'm about to whip you! She's quite competitive, which I like and she's not holding back. I don't even know where we're going. Ah! **** - You alright? - I'm fine. Jesus. - Hold tight. - Okay. I think you forgot the Number One Rule, which was-- Win at all costs? Danielle has no fear and she's determined to have fun, which I like. C'mon Blokart, blow! - No! - Whoo-hoo-hoo! Ah... dammit. To my complete surprise, I won the race. - Are you sulking? - No. - I wasn't even trying. - I really enjoyed that. Yeah, you like to live on the edge. Or on the side. I'm really pleased to see that he's not a sore loser and we just had a wonderful, wonderful time. Feeling really good about this date with Danielle today, I find her really interesting and such a cool chick. After the excitement of the Blokarting I've arranged something quite relaxing and romantic. I think it's gonna be a chance for Danielle and I to really get to know each other a bit better. And then I see off in the distance, this beautiful fire. - This is great! - Yeah. - It's like a sandcastle couch. - Yeah. I can see that he has constructed this beautiful, heart-shaped seat which is sunken into the ground. So romantic! I have never seen anything like this. Danielle is absolutely blown away by the fire pit. I've also got some hot chocolate. - My favorite! - Really? She's just got so much energy and it's infectious and it's so nice to be around. How did you know? Well, it's just a lucky guess. - Cheers! - Cheers! Next thing, Arthur suggests that we roast some marshmallows over the fire. I just think this is the best thing ever. How do you roast your marshmallows? I let mine burn. I quite like, to get it charred but on the outside. I don't think we roast enough marshmallows in adult life. No. I remember doing it around a campfire as a kid. It's just the perfect setting to be really intimate and talk about some things, you know which may have been on our minds. You're quite different from me in a lot of ways like, we do have some similarities but I think I am looking for someone who probably isn't like a mirror image of me. I feel like I could ask Arthur anything and he would answer me honestly. Like, do you believe in love at first sight? I've been asked that quite a bit, recently. I bet you have. I don't believe that I've experienced it but I believe that it does happen. Hard to say if there's a spark between Danielle and I. I feel like it might be too early to tell but I find her fascinating and really really good to talk to. Do you have any burning questions for me? I still kind of struggle with the age thing. Yeah? Like, it shouldn't be a problem, but I just wonder whether we're at different stages of our lives. The only thing would be that I think I want to have kids in like... five, six years. What are your thoughts on that? I never pictured myself wanting to have children, up until quite recently. I always wanted to be a dad. - Really? - I always wanted to be a dad. I love my family, and I just want to have my own family. That's really good that you know that and that you feel so strongly about it. 'I really enjoy talking with you.' I just feel like, on the same level with things. If you just wait here for a second I might just grab one other thing. Is that what I think it is? How did you guess? Oh, I just was hoping, but I completely forget about the fact that sometimes on dates he gives out roses. I've thoroughly enjoyed today. It's been really nice, and you're great. Yeah, I feel like I've got to know you so much better today. I just had such a nice time on our date and I thought that there was possibly more to explore so I really wanted to give her a rose. Danielle, will you accept this rose? I would love to accept this rose. Thank you so much. It was the most perfectly planned and executed date. The only thing that was missing was I felt like there should have been a spark. - What a lovely day. - I know. - It's cool, huh? - Yeah. - A perfect way to end it. - Yeah. I think chemistry's either there, or it's not. You can wait it out and see if it develops into something where there are sparks or you can just leave it at a friendship. Do you think Danielle pashed him? - No. - I don't know. - She's too proper. - Yeah. - Hi, girls! - Hello. - 'Hello.' - 'Welcome back!' You got a rose! Thank you for waiting up for me. It's alright. How was it? Oh, I had the best time. It was definitely worth the wait. Arthur came and picked me up then we pull up to this place that does Blokarting. The next part of the date he took me for this walk along the beach. The sun was setting, and the waves were rolling in, and it was just the perfect setting. It sounded like the perfect setting for a perfect kiss, if you ask me. Yeah, well, funny you should mention that. You knew we were gonna mention that. Everyone else is being really upfront about it so I'm not gonna hold anything back. So no, I didn't kiss him because, although it was like the perfect date and you know, I had the best time there was just no chemistry. It takes a lot to come into a room where all of us are kind of like obsessed with Arthur, and to say that was quite surprising. I felt like, we were sort of just in the friend-zone. So I did accept the rose but what do you guys think? Well, you give us that rose, and you go home. You need to think about it, too, and sleep on it, probably. I don't know why he gave her a rose. I think he admires her a lot and I think he saw parts of her personality that he really enjoyed, and maybe he just wanted to give her another chance. I think it's very brave of you to mention it. Yeah, I was about to say that, to come back and say, well to be honest with the feelings. You know, I don't know if it is good news for me. She's got a rose, and she's accepted it so she's here for another week, and I may not be. - Hi! - How are you? - Good, how are you? - Look, it matches. Oh, wow! Wonderful to have Matilda back. Oh, it's so sweet that her cast matches her dress. Well, it's great to have you back with us. Yeah. 'It runs a good spirit, this place, I think.' This place brings good energy, yeah. After my date with Danielle I've now spent time with each of these girls, and I feel like I've made a genuine connection with all of them. So it's gonna be really tough sending one of them home tonight. Tonight's cocktail party, I think I might change it up a little bit as in, I might approach Arthur if he doesn't take me away first. Matilda do you wanna come and have a chat? - Yeah, sure. - Yeah? 'What are you drinking?' It's kind of just like soda water with a bit of lime. Oh, no. 'What is with you and, like, tripping over?' First it was the espresso martini on the deck and now I don't know. You gonna be alright with these? 'Yeah, I should be fine.' - I'll hold you, shall I? - Oh, yeah. I don't know. I seem to just be quite clumsy around Matilda. Very happy that he took Matilda away. Yeah. Feel like she definitely deserves that time. So are you enjoying yourself so far? - Yeah, yeah I am. - Yeah. I just wanted to say that the way that you acted with the accident was so amazing. Having you there was really nice and very supportive. It was just good to have someone that, like totally had my best interests at heart. It was a nice date. - Yeah. - You're welcome. I was, yeah, I kinda feel, it sounds weird but I kind of enjoyed looking after you. Does anyone feel like they need to talk to Arthur tonight? - Yes. - Yeah. I am really sorry 'cause I know that 'probably everyone wants to have a chat' 'with him at this stage.' No, if you feel like you need to, of course. Yeah, now that I've had time to reflect I really think he needs to know how I feel. While we're being serious today I'll just like, let loose. Because I know that we sort of joke around and stuff, and that's fun, but, like I do actually really like you and the more time I spend with you I like you even more. So I just want you to know that I'm in it for the long haul. - Wow! - Yeah. It is a lot of information. That was, that was the best information you could ever give me. I think I'm going to be smiling for the rest of the night. Yeah, I think I'm happy, now. Up until this point, Matilda and I have really just joked around a lot and had a lot of laughs. And tonight, she really opened up and told me that she actually really likes me and, um, makes me feel pretty good. 'Oh, Danielle's here.' - Hi! - Hello. - Hi! - I'm really sorry to interrupt. That is totally fine. 'Would you mind if I had a quick chat with Arthur?' No, not at all. Danielle walks in and asks for some time alone with me and from the very start she seems like she's on a mission. - I really enjoyed our date. - Yeah. It was just the most amazing, perfect day, ever. - Yeah, it was cool, huh. - Yeah. I wanted to say thank you so much. But.. I did want to have a chat to you today just because I felt a little bit confused at the end of our date. Then you came out with the rose. I was a little surprised because I felt I guess the best way to put it is a little bit more like we were in the friend-zone. And I kind of wondered how you felt about that. Wow, okay. I really enjoyed our date. But I felt, like, we were in the Friend Zone. And I kind of wondered how you felt about that. Wow, okay. 'I just had such a great day.' And I really enjoyed your company and I just felt like I wanted to give you a rose. If we were ever going to feel anything for each other it probably would have been then. And so I guess for that chemistry to be missing I was sort of thinking, well, that kind of almost like confirmed it for me. I know that a lot of the other girls here are feeling that connection with you already. And I'm not, so I guess what I'm saying is I can't accept the rose that you've given me. I absolutely appreciate you being so honest about everything. I can't say that I'm not a little bit disappointed that she's given back the rose but, you know, if it's not right for her then it's not right for me. Thank you so much. - Hey, thank you. - Oh, you're very kind. - Alright. - Okay. Yeah. - Take care. - Same to you. All the best. - Hi, girls. - 'Hi!' 'How are you?' I have a bit of an announcement to make. - Oh, no, no. - Oh, God, what? - I'm leaving. - Oh, my God! - Right now? - Are you serious? - Right now? - Oh, my God! - You get well soon, honey. - Oh, I love you. My heart is just breaking for her because I don't want her to go and she has not only Art's best interest at heart but also the rest of the girls. And I don't know if I could be brave enough to do something like that. - We love you! - We love you! - Bye, roomie! - Bye. Bye. I don't think I will regret this decision. I definitely feel like I've made the right decision for me hopefully I've made things easier for Arthur as well, and I'm really excited about the future for both of us. That was intense. I wonder if it was unexpected for him. - Yeah. - I think so. I think someone should go down and see if he's alright. That's a hard act to follow, right there. Go, babe. You're right on the end. Yeah, I think you should go. - Alright. - Have fun. - Good luck. - Really? You look beautiful, Nat. I didn't get to speak to Arthur at the last cocktail party. I haven't chatted to him in a little while so just a quick catch-up. So I'm sitting there and I'm feeling a little bit shell-shocked and down comes Nat to try and cheer me up which is really nice. - Oh, that was tough. - Yeah, it was a bit unexpected. How do you feel about that? I feel.. ...kind of sad that she's gone but at the same time, I completely understand where she's coming from with everything. Is there anything that you like, after what just happened is there anything that, like, you need to ask me? Do you know what I mean? Basically, sometimes, you're a bit reserved and you're a bit nervous, and not yourself. But I just want you to know that I really quite like you. - Yay! That makes me happy. - Yeah. Cocktail party is ending soon, Babe, and I think you need to get some stuff off your chest. 'Why didn't I get a rose?' I don't know if I should say that. I understand why Kristie is being stubborn however, you may never get closure, Kristie. It's better to go and not regret it than to not go and regret it. - And like, not to know. - Yeah. - Yeah. - And just give him a hug. - He's just been dumped. - Yeah. Alright. I'm going. Kristie comes down, and I can tell just from her whole demeanor that there's something on her mind and I'm possibly going to be asked some big questions. - Yeah. - Hi. I just wondered if I could steal some time. - Yeah. - 'Is it alright with you?' - No, it's totally fine. - What do you want to do? - Let's go up top. - 'Let's.' I would love to go up top.' I definitely need to know where I'm standing right now. If we're just gonna be friends, I need to know or if he wants more and he likes me, you know in that romantic way, then I need to know. I really wanted to just steal your time tonight I mean, the last cocktail party was a bit limited in time, and I haven't seen you since our one-on-one date. I thought that maybe we should just, like, catch up. Yeah. Cool. So I'm here if you want to say anything or ask me anything. I feel I've been really strong in the past and not let love come in because I've been afraid. - Right. - So, I've just, yeah. How do you feel now, saying that? I want, I want love. - Yeah. - Yeah. - Yeah. - I do. There's been a different change in Kristie's demeanor. She's lost all her confidence and needs reassurance. It sounds funny coming from me because I'm such a, like, a strong or I try to be such a strong person. And um.. Being vulnerable is difficult for me. Mm-mm. But I'm, I wanna be. I wanna be in love. Regardless of what Danielle tries to do whether she stayed or whether she left he still was planning on not giving someone a rose. Who doesn't currently have one. And this week, he is gonna have to follow through with it. He can't not give a rose this week. - No. - Surely. - No. - Oh, my God. I hate this. Excuse me. Yeah, I've just got quite anxious about the rose ceremony. - Me, too. - All of a sudden, eh? - Also me. - Uh, yeah. Lot of anxiety kicked in, okay. I'm really prepared to be an open book. And from now on, I think that's the best way forward for me. Yeah. That's good. That's what I want. That's the Kristie that I wanna know. - Yeah. - Nice. 'Cause I've been so stupid. I feel more comfortable around you now. - Good. - Like, I feel like you're you. Yeah. Hi. - How's it goin? - Good. Good. I think he definitely should send someone else home tonight. - What do you girls think? - Yeah. 'As long as it's not me.' This is what this is all about. He will know, in his heart and in his mind who he's making the connections with. And it won't be just equally as strong amongst the seven girls remaining. So I definitely feel like he needs to send someone home just to show that he is taking this seriously and thinking about it. Ladies, good evening. 'At the last rose ceremony' there were eight of you remaining. Tonight, there are just seven, that's after Danielle graciously left the French country house. Everybody's seems extremely nervous now at this rose ceremony, with so few of us it's really crunch time now. Poppy, obviously, you had an amazing single date. - How did it go? - Oh, it was unbelievable. It just kept on going. And do you feel there's a connection being made? I feel like Arthur and I are definitely getting closer. Well, congratulations. You have a rose, so tonight, you're safe. For the six of you remaining Arthur tonight has five roses to hand out. Which means one of you will be leaving the French country house. At this stage, every girl here has a connection with him. So every girl, to me, is a potential threat. Ladies, the best of luck. It's time to bring in Arthur. I don't know who is gonna get the first rose. I kind of hope it's me because I spilled my heart out at the cocktail party. Not feeling confident at all tonight. Ladies, Danielle's exit was unexpected, but her honesty and openness is something that I really appreciated. 'And I think, it's important to me' that we're all as open, and honest. And true to our emotions as Danielle was. I hope I'm not going home. It's definitely a possibility. The rose ceremonies now are starting to get very nerve-wracking. You look behind, and you see that there are only three girls behind you. It's really awful standing on that podium waiting for my name. It's not fun. Nat. Nat, will you accept this rose? - Gladly will, thank you. - Thank you. I'm just gonna leave all the thinking up to Arthur. It's his rose ceremony. Whoever stays, obviously, he is into and whoever goes home, it's not meant to be. Matilda. It's really nice to be called second and safe again. Matilda, will you accept this rose? Yes, definitely. I do look at where the roses are. And you see them just going, down one by one. Everyone wants that rose that beautiful, little red rose. Alysha. Alysha, will you accept this rose? Very happy to be getting a rose and confirmation that he still does want me here and wants to get to know me. I think he's playing a joke on me because this is the second-to-last rose again and I really hope it has my name on it just for consistency here. There are three girls left, and only two roses. I'm not feeling 100% confident. I don't think Arthur and Kristie are on the same page. I think Kristie, you're on the chopping block. Dani. Dani's name was called, which I knew it would be. She wasn't going home anytime soon. Dani, will you accept this rose? Of course I will. I'm not worried at all. Chrystal could be going in the rose ceremony because I think there is girls that are more suited for Arthur than her. Arthur's picked up the last rose and I am waiting in anticipation. I'm not even thinking anything. It's so painful by the time we get to the end. I'm just like, hurry up. Chrystal. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Oh, my God. Kristie, you did not receive a rose tonight 'so your time at the French country house' has come to an end. Please take a moment to say your goodbyes. I will miss Kristie. I was very close to her and it's just one less person in the family now. Where are the tears? Why is no one crying? When next Kristie asked us, "Where's the tears?" I feel like I have to try and push them out or something. It is a bit embarrassing. What does she want us to say? Sorry, we'll start the waterworks now. I was hoping somebody would shed one. So I'm just trying to act more sad. I don't really know what to do. It's quite awkward. Thank you so much for absolutely everything. You've got a great bunch of girls behind me 'and you just wanna figure out who you want.' Have fun with Poppy or you know such a strong girl, Matilda or a free spirit like Chrystal. 'You've just got such a hard road ahead of you' 'and good luck with everything.' - Thank you. - You're welcome. Kristie's speech was beautiful. It was a nice way for her to leave. I just feel like I need to take back everything bad that I've said about her. - You're the best. - Thank you. She has left with dignity. She can hold her head up high knowing that she was the best version of herself. I'd rather leave now before somebody else went home who had a deeper connection so I think he's made a good decision. Next time, on "The Bachelor" an otherworldly escape.. It's like being in a movie. ...gets steamy.. The kiss was well worth the wait. ...before an explosive revelation. She basically drops a bombshell. It would have been helpful if she'd told me earlier. Evening. And one bachelorette.. I've got my binoculars on. ...breaks the Golden Rule at a drama-filled cocktail party. Oh my gosh, she's all over it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 