The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 The girls get down and dirty in an attempt to grab the Bachelor's attention, but for one Bachelorette the increasing pressure is proving too much, and later, sparks fly as the Bachelor pulls out all the stops in a romantic single date. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Mike) Previously on "The Bachelor.." - Let's go, Maddie! - ****! (Mike) Arthur pushed Matilda to the limit. You're just so much fun. (Mike) And took their relationship to new heights. (Matilda) The perfect end to a perfect day. - Go! - 'Go, fast, fast, fast!' (Mike) Then, on a high octane group date. That's a quick change up. (Mike) Kristie raced into first place 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 winning herself the ultimate prize. Kristie, will you accept this rose? Absolutely, woo-hoo. [dramatic music] I wanna put my lipstick right on your face. (Mike) At the cocktail party Chrystal marked her prey. If it was a lip kiss, we've got a problem. Do you think that's gonna make the other girls a bit jealous? - Yes, this is gonna be awesome. - Is that your plan? That is my plan. (Chrystal) I definitely think things will step up a notch now. (Mike) Then more drama at the Rose Ceremony. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So unfortunately I can't accept the rose tonight. (Mike) As Danielle's shock revelation left Arthur speechless. I think my jaw hit the ground, I was like.. (Mike) And six girls were left wondering which one of them would've gone. (Hayley) Maybe it's a good thing, it still gives me the chance to, you know, change his mind. [dramatic music] (Mike) Tonight. (Amanda) Oh, my God. - Ha-ha-ha! - Are you serious? (Mike) Arthur sets Amanda's heart strings on fire. (Amanda) I thought I'd been on a perfect date before until this day. It's getting really late.. - And still no sign of Amanda. - Yeah. (Mike) Jealousy infects the mansion. Did you kiss him on the face? (Lisa) I saw her looking to the left and that's a dead sign that she's lying. (Mike) And emotional panic. Can Poppy come back from the brink? I can't do this anymore. [dramatic music] (Mike) Later, tempers flare at the cocktail party. Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? (Mike) And tears, as one of the most popular girl's journey comes to an end. (Natalie) That's it, I'm gone. [intense music] (Arthur) From the single date, I am making some great connections but it's really tough when you're dating more than one girl. The interesting thing is that I get to see how these girls deal with a stressful situation and that can be quite revealing. [instrumental music] - Ooh! Hi, Mike! - Hi! [overlapping chatter] Hi there, ladies. (Dani) So Mike's just turned up another card in hand. The bachelor has asked me to tell you just how much he's enjoying getting to know you all. He loves how you're throwing yourselves wholeheartedly into the dates that he has organized. Now he's starting to form some genuine connections. I was pretty smitten, but I have a feeling Dani might be quite smitten with him. My feelings for Art are definitely growing stronger. (Matilda) Dani has never had a serious relationship before so it just worries me that she'll get hurt. Anyone interested in this? I am, I'm very interested in that. [laughing] (Amanda) I want a date so badly. [whispering] Oh, I shouldn't really say, yes, I should. "Let's head west and just drive." 'What are we thinking?' - Maybe, like, a winery? - Driving? A drive in a big fancy old car? Well, it's a single date and the person going on the date is.. [suspenseful music] Fingers crossed that it could be me. - Come on. - You're killing us. [suspenseful music] Amanda. [cheering] My name's pulled out and I am ecstatic. I was like "I hope you're all jealous." [laughing] - I'm so excited! - 'Awesome.' (Dani) I'm glad that her name was on the date card. - Thank you! - Bye! Because this date might confirm for both of them that maybe they're not a good fit. [upbeat music] - Hi! - Hi! He looks pretty damn hot. - You look great. - Thank you. Oh, yes! - You excited? - Yes. Alright! Well, jump in. (Arthur) Amanda's looking amazing and I can't wait to get this date underway. - Alright. - We're on the road. Woo-hoo! [laughing] It's so nice seeing him in a normal environment without the other girls around, just me and him. (Arthur) The coolest thing about New Zealand is that just driving is enjoyable, yeah, like. I can't stop starring at him. He's so hot. (Arthur) I'm having a great time with Amanda in the car. It's not a first date without ice cream. - That's true. - It's a lot of fun. (Arthur) Yes. - Are we going to play golf? - We might be. (Amanda) Out of all the sports, like, the hardest one. [chuckles] (Arthur) This'll do us just fine. - Let's hit some balls. - Alright. I think I'm gonna suck. [laughing] And I did suck. [instrumental music] That's alright. - It's still good. - Okay. (Amanda) I'm feeling so embarrassed playing golf next to Arthur. She seems to be hitting clean air more than the ball. - I suck! - You don't suck! (Arthur) I can see that Amanda's struggling. - Try slow it down. - I'm gonna smash it. (Amanda) I can't even hit the ball, I'm like taking up clumps of grass. [laughing] I'm just gonna come round behind you. - Are you gonna help me? - Stand there, yeah. I'm willing help you on this one, okay? (Amanda) So Art comes in behind me to show me how to do it with his arms. (Arthur) It's a good excuse to get a bit closer to her. Now you're gonna bring it back. (Amanda) And he smells pretty good. I can smell him like.. [laughing] - Okay, sorry. - Okay. Very distracting. - Okay. - So two person swing. - You ready? - Yeah. So we're gonna go slow back and then fast then forward, here we go. - Yes! - That was good. That was good. - That was great. - Thanks for your help. Stoked, well done. [instrumental music] So, what do you guys think about Amanda getting the single date today? Oh, she's so funny. She legit thought that she was gonna be going home. You know, everyone's gotten to know her and how like, quirky and cool and funny she is and it's only a matter of time before you know, Art sees that as well, so. Yeah, he probably really does feel that way about her. Yeah, it's kind of the first one on one night time setting too so I wonder if there'll be any romance. She's been, been on about kissing him for quite some time now. Has she, I didn't know that. Yeah, she said she would. She said she'd definitely take the opportunity 'should it arise.' I had a really good date with him and the thought of him going on even better dates and kissing other girls is not very nice. It's getting a little bit weird. Do you think she'd go in for the kill? - Amanda? - Oh.. I can definitely see who the jealous ones are in the house. I think us last six girls to receive roses will definitely be working harder at the next cocktail party. The competition is gonna get heated. (Arthur) Yeah, that was good. - That's not even that far. - That's alright. (Amanda) Golf with Art today has been a blast. Got to know him a bit better. Better than when you started. 'Let's go do something else fun, eh?' [upbeat music] (Amanda) I was so nervous meeting you for the first time. Yeah, I was incredibly nervous as well. Yeah, you looked really amazing in your sparkly dress. - My sparkly dress. - Mm. You did your little twirl. - Yeah, I did. - Yeah. (Arthur) Amanda's got no idea what I've got planned next and it's something really quite special. Oh, my God! - Are you serious? - Yes. - Is this called West? - Yeah. (Amanda) This date is turning out to be really romantic. [instrumental music] (Arthur) Where would you like to go, madam? - By the water. - By the water. - I think we can arrange that. - Yes. (Arthur) Amanda's got no idea what I've got planned next and it's something really quite special so I think she's gonna be blown away. [music continues] (Amanda) 'There's violins, oh, my God, the stall!' [laughing] - Are you serious? - Yes. (Amanda) I feel so excited and happy at this moment. [violin music] I'm quite blown away like wow. This is beautiful. I've never had this before. - My lady, beer or wine? - Beer please. (Arthur) I thought you'd say that. [laughing] This is so cool. - Cheers. - Cheers. - It's pretty perfect, huh? - It's beautiful. The setting is so romantic. It's a great opportunity to see what really makes Amanda tick. Have you had bad experiences with guys? Just haven't really found the right person, to be honest. I've mainly been single, apart from obviously the father of my children. [mellow music] Do you think you're in love with your last partner? Um... - Yes. - Yeah? But we grew apart. I tried to make it work because of the sake of having children and it just.. Yeah. It just wasn't right. Arthur has got to know me a little bit better. I've opened up a bit more about myself to him. (Arthur) Would you wanna have more kids? If I was in love with the person and he was right and we were married, yes. No, I'm really looking forward to having kids. (Amanda) This date is turning out to be really romantic. At this moment, there's nothing I would change. (Arthur) I think the date's going really well. I'm getting closer to Amanda. It's beautiful. Before we do lose the light I might just run down to the beach. Okay. [mellow music] I was like "Oh, that's so sweet." [music continues] - Amanda. - Yes. (Arthur) Will you accept this rose? Yes, I will, thank you. He must like me. [laughing] (Arthur) I decided to give Amanda a rose because I feel like she's been really honest with me and open and I've really enjoyed my date with Amanda today. [music continues] - Well, to us. - Cheers. Here's to us. (Amanda) I thought I'd been on a perfect date before until this day. I am gunning for another single date. Yeah, tomorrow, please, thanks. [laughing] [indistinct chatter] So it's getting really late.. - And still no sign on Amanda. - Yeah. - Definitely past my bedtime. - 'Yeah.' (female #1) 'And should be past Amanda's as well.' (Matilda) It's probably the toughest thing that he's dating 13 women. We all think that our connection is strong. (Dani) I just don't see them as a fit. I think the date will confirm that. - Oh, hold on! - Hey! - Speak of the devil. - Hi, ladies. - Hi! - How was your night? - It was amazing. - 'Where did you go?' - We went out to Muriwai Beach. - Oh! She's looking very loved up. Did you kiss him on the face? [intense music] No. [indistinct chatting] - 'Are you lying?' - No. [laughing] I'm a little bit suspicious about what may have happened on this single date. (Lisa) Amanda is definitely holding back something. We asked her a few times if she'd kissed Arthur. I saw her looking to the left and that's a dead sign that she's lying. It was so romantic and there was violinists. (all) Oh! It's tough to see girls come back from dates and have a look in their eye that seems like they also have a genuine connection with him too. I'd rather just not know. He's really, really genuine and really funny and really cool. Our date was really great, but now I'm thinking has this date topped it? Is this now the best date he's ever had? Doubt's starting to creep into my mind, definitely. [instrumental music] - Hey ladies! - Hello! - Look what I found. - Whoo! - Shall I open it? - Yes. (Kristie) I was chatting with Hayley, when Danielle comes out with a card and we're all hoping that Hayley's name is on it. She hasn't been on either of the dates. Ooh. "Follow your animal instincts." [overlapping chatter] What about, like, horse riding? (Matilda) I definitely think I'm gonna be on the next date just because I haven't really seen him since our single date. I haven't really had any time to chat with him. Well, it's a group date. I'm hoping that I could possibly be the one that's chosen. And the first person going is.. [instrumental music] - Chrystal. - Yay! I can't believe Chrsytal's name has been called out. I haven't seen Arthur for ages it's my turn to go on a group date. - And Lisa. - Yes! [indistinct chatter] And Natalie. [cheering] And then my name was called and I'm going on the date. Poppy! [cheering] I'm still not there. I'm so excited to go on this date and see what is in store. Two more people. - Alysha. - Yay! Come on, Arthur! And the last person going on the group date is.. [suspenseful music] Hayley! [cheering] Yes, finally my chance has come! (Matilda) When my name is not read out I feel just really disappointed. Arthur's just fluttering off into the distance so it's why I think I need to, sort of pick my game up. (Lisa) I've nicknamed the date Hayley's big day out. She has been waiting a while. [tribal music] [tiger growling] This way ladies. Welcome to Auckland Zoo, good morning. (Lisa) Morning. This is the alligator pond. [intense music] Once a year, it's given a bit of a spring clean and that happens while the alligators are still in residence. 'We're gonna get you as close as possible to nature.' [laughing] And if you play your cards right nice and close to Arthur too. (Poppy) This is gonna be a really dirty job. Bring it on. (Chrystal) I'm standing there kind of tossing up Arthur, alligator Arthur, cleaning alligator. - I could totally not do it. - Ha-ha-ha! - Take one for the team. - Yeah, not doing that. (Arthur) I think we just go crazy. (Natalie) I figure that we won't only just be cleaning the alligator enclosure there's bound to be a one on one included in the group date so I definitely want that one on one time for sure. Great sludge pushing! (Natalie) I'm dry retching at the look and the smell. This is definitely not the most romantic date I've been on, at all. I feel like you're scoping out our ability to clean your house. [laughing] Quite possibly. It's amazing how the girls are really getting stuck in and rolling up their sleeves with the alligators like, right next to them. [tense music] (Alysha) I'm standing in the enclosure with the alligator. Oh, my God! Ahh! And it perked up as if it was about to launch and run. [intense music] Is your heart racing? (Arthur) I think she got a bit of a fright. [indistinct chatter] Guys, this is looking great! (Haley) Yes, I've got this, I'm a doer so let's hope that I'm the winner. (Arthur) I was surprised by Hayley. She was amazing and really enjoyed it. This is looking so much better. (Chrystal) I think Hayley's just happy to get out of the house but her first date sucked. [intense music] I think that Chrystal could actually get a rose on this date, just because she'll have a chance to shine without her threats being there. [laughing] Dani, Carissa and I are just, kind of, joking that well, all the three major threats aren't on this date, so Chrystal will be happy about that. - Is that what she said? - She has said that. - Well, you know, I mean. - What can I say? Chrystal just has two different faces. Around all of us girls she's the most lovely girl and then it's like she puts on this different persona and it's just like, blinders on for Art. [tribal music] Maybe I'll do my squats for the day. Chrystal did not wanna be there and it's funny 'cause she's got her pearls on. Probably just trying to impress Arthur, you know? (Chrystal) Do I like cleaning? Uh, does anyone like cleaning? Chrystal was just like, "Oh, God." (Poppy) It's not that romantic, but who cares? Life isn't romantic all the time. (Arthur) 'Poppy, you're doing such a good job.' Poppy seemed to get down, get dirty. I think you girls look quite cute in your overalls. And seemed to be enjoying it. A couple of them did look like they were working hard so I'll have to make a bit of a decision. [tribal music] - Girls. - Hey. - That was a bit of fun, huh? - It was. So we have one more experience today but unfortunately, I can only take one of you with me. (Natalie) I was trying not to be nervous. (Hayley) I'll be gutted if I don't have any one on one time with Arthur. (Lisa) Having a decent chat with him is definitely gonna be key. (Alysha) I do need some more one on one time with him. Although it was great to see you all doing such a good job and getting your hands dirty there was one of you that shone. [intense music] [tribal music] (Arthur) We have one more experience today but unfortunately, I can only take one of you with me. (Alysha) I do need some more one on one time with him. There was one of you that shone and for me.. [suspenseful music] ...that was Poppy. So Poppy, would you like to come with me? I would love to. I feel a total wave of emotions come over me. [laughing] Hard work always pays off. Poppy gets another one on one time with Arthur which I'm gutted about that I didn't get but I feel even worse for Hayley not getting her one-on-one time with him. It did make me feel, again, a little bit gutted, you know? It knocks your confidence in a sense. I'm not too upset that I'm not on the one-on-one date like, especially if it's more cleaning. [instrumental music] (Arthur) A little treat that I've organized for Poppy is to go into the lemur enclosure and feed the lemurs. I think she's gonna love it. - In you go. - Oh, hey! [laughing] (Poppy) 'Look at their little faces!' [gasping] It just grabbed my hand, oh, my God! (Poppy) Being in this environment with animals is another one of my loves. [gasping] Look at the little hands. (Poppy) He just keeps getting it right. - Little lemur hands. - Little lemur. It's a really good feeling seeing Poppy so happy. I think she's really enjoying it and it makes me feel good and yeah, it's great. Oh, look at their little faces! [instrumental music] (Chrystal) She's had quite a bit of one-on-one time with him. I thought he might have picked someone different actually. Yeah, maybe he just wanted to double check if there's still something there or not. - Or just, you know? - Yeah. The proof will be in the pudding if she comes back with a rose. Yeah. [instrumental music] This one here loves my hand. He's not interested in any of the girls. - Only male. - Only male. The bachelor, surrounded by females. I can relate with you, man. Who would you be if you were one of the girls? (Arthur) Yeah, shall we name them all? Go for it, Arthur. [laughing] Here's Arthur. This one's pretty quiet over here. It's like, not going for anything I'm gonna call her Carissa. I was about to call her Carissa too. Stop it, Chrystal. - Ooh, Chrystal. - Stop it. She just dug her claws into me. Brigitte and I are always eating so it'll be the two that are like, stuffing their faces. Okay, well maybe this is Brigitte here. [laughing] Yeah. This one here just wants to hold my hand. (Poppy) Oh, cute, that's Dani. The happiest one is Hayley. - Which one's Hayley? - This one down here. (Poppy) I'm loving my time with Arthur and the lemurs but I've got something in the back of my mind and I'm feeling like I need to get something off my chest with him. - So, how are ya? - Yeah. I really like him and I'm nervous about falling for him. - It's tough, you know? - Mm. We had that first date and it was a real whirlpool and it happened, like, I really didn't expect it. Mm. And then it was a while of sitting back and.. ...seeing that a lot of girls were obviously getting to know you more. I felt that we've connected. - I know we have. - Mm. Yeah, yeah. I just don't know if I'm prepared for everything that comes with.. ..with the longer it goes on and I don't think I'm gonna deal with that very well. Mm. (Arthur) I wish that there was stuff that I could say that could make the whole situation better but I just don't know if I can. Well, I really like you. And I've got a rose here because I wanted to give you a rose. [whispers] Shit. I can't accept the rose. [melancholic music] I can't do this anymore. [sighing] You sure you can't just accept the rose and then see how you go? [sighing] Can you really not? I just feel like the more I'm.. Like, the more I'm here, the more it's eating me up. Yeah. I quite like you.. ...so if you were to leave.. ...make this thing a lot worse for me. [laughing] [instrumental music] (Poppy) It feels really good to know that he doesn't want me to go. Would you like me to give you a rose? - Yeah? - Yeah. How about I'll give you a rose and you sleep on it and you can, we can talk tomorrow and you can just let me know how you're feeling. I'll accept your rose. [chuckles] Okay. Here's one I just plucked out of the garden. You don't belong in there, cheeky rose. Poppy, will you accept this rose? - I will Arthur, thank you. - Thank you. [instrumental music] - Cheers. - Sure. Arthur showed me a side of his personality that made me realize how important I am to him. Yeah. [giggling] (Mike) Coming up, at the cocktail party girls turn on each other. Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? She called me a bitch and then I was just like "Well, you need all the help you can get, sister." [dramatic music] [instrumental music] - Good evening! - Evening! Ooh, good evening. - Hello, good evening. - Wow. Got grandad shoes on. I know, I've got grandad shoes on again. (Alysha) Going into every cocktail party you don't know what is going to be said and what it going to be, perhaps, stirred up. So how are ya? Yeah, I'm good, I'm good. I've got a little something up my sleeve for you but it has to be a one-on-one like 'cause I dunno, I'd be too embarrassed to do it in front of everyone. Arthur, I haven't seen you I'm giving you a kiss hello. Oh, hello. Thank you for that wonderful alligator pit like, it's scary as.. - Hey, Cheers. - Welcome back to your party. Here's to another exciting, unpredictable cocktail party. I thought you girls looked cute in those overalls. Now, I hope you don't think this is too forward but I really wanted to have a good catch up with you at some point tonight, so now seems like a good opportunity. Would you like to go for a walk? (Arthur) I would love to. And I don't think it's too forward, I think it's great. - Great. Shall we? - Yeah, let's have a catch up. Yeah. [laughing] (Arthur) You look lovely tonight. I'm starting to realize that it's either go hard or go home at this point. So who's going home tonight? I dunno, it's kind of hard to pick. - Yeah. - 'I dunno.' I think I could be in the firing line. - 'Really?' - Yeah. The only reason you're still here is 'cause you're the wild card. Well, you would say that, wouldn't you? [laughing] I just found that completely out of line. Well, I'm just stating what everyone's thinking. Playing up the bitch card, aren't we? Lisa just called me a bitch. Don't care. I don't normally get a response out of Chrystal like that. Um, I think she must've decided she needed to say something to me today and, uh, she took the opportunity. So, um, I've got some burning questions I've really been wanting to ask you. - So I feel like now's the time. - Ask away. I have thought a lot about the age difference between Arthur and myself. So have you dated women that are older than you? Only like, one year older than me. - Okay - Yeah. [laughing] 'Cause, how old are you? - 'I'm 35.' - 35. - Yeah. - You do not look 35. [laughing] Thank you. (Natalie) 'Chrystal, you've just hit Lisa with a bus' just there, talking about the wild card. (Chrystal) Well, someone had to bring it up. So do you think she's only here because she's wild card? I just said what everyone's thinking, right? It did really annoy me that she upset Lisa because Lisa is a good friend of mine and she didn't deserve that. - 'Speak for yourself there.' - 'So why are you here?' Why am I still here? I have no idea. Just working my way down the food chain. So you're at the top of the food chain, are you? I'm just working my way through it like everyone else here. (Alysha) I'm unsure as to why you would want to become the villain within the house. [acoustic music] Most of my partners are older, so 10 to 14 years, sort of. Oh, yeah, so quite a big change which is why I'm impressed by your maturity. I'm possibly old enough to be one of their sons. Yes, you are. [laughing] [laughing] Classic. - But let's now dwell on that. - Let's not dwell on that. - I think I need go talk to Art. - Alright. So I'm just gonna pop over now. You need all the help you can get. - Oh. - Have fun. Chrystal is pretty on the outside but I don't know if the inside matches the outside. Oh, my God, look, Lisa's interrupting. Wild card, that flipping wild card. - She's wild, she's so wild. - She's a wild tiger. - Oh, my God, look at her go. - There she goes. Good evening guys. I was just wondering if I can have a wee chat with Art, Danielle? Of course you can, Lisa. I don't wanna take up any more of your time so have a chat to this lovely lady. I will, thank you. - See you guys later. - Thanks, hun. - Why hello. - Hi, ladies. How was your little chatty chat? Yeah, I thought it went well but I don't know, it might be too little, too late. (Arthur) Why do you think you don't have a boyfriend? Probably most of the time it's been self-preservation. - Um, I don't-- - How do you mean? 'When I've met new people' 'um, I think it's a lot of unknown.' For new guys, I'm just like, it's easier to be friends first and then I get stuck in friend zone. - Ah, friend zone. - Mm. (Dani) I'm thinking I need to spend some time with Arthur. I need to remind him of the connection we're making. I think I might go talk to Art. - 'Go, Dani.' - 'You should!' (Dani) Okay, let's delete some stones. - You alright? - Yeah. Good luck, Dani. Yeah, I've really just had one relationship from when I was 18 and it was, yeah, for five years and we broke up, but we broke up basically 'cause she wanted to go overseas and I wanted to go overseas and we're actually still.. Yeah, different paths, still good friends. - Hi, team. - G'day, gorgeous. Hi, I was just wondering if I could join or interrupt either way I'm happy. - Come join. - Yeah. - Awesome. - Come grab a seat. Pull up a pew. How are you? - I'm good, I'm good. - Yeah. You look very peachy. I am very peachy, I love this dress I'm feeling really, yeah, I'm feeling amazing in it, yeah. Yeah, you look amazing, very summery. Thank you, thank you. What's going on? (Lisa) How's the convo over yonder? - Yeah, yonder. - You know. You know, discussed the little comments earlier. (Lisa) Oh, that comment, yeah. - Yeah. - Which comments? Oh, you know, you know what girls are like. - Yeah. - Or some girls. - Just a wee banter between-- - Just a banter. Between friends. What is he doing at the moment? He's gonna come over and sweep you up in a minute. [whooshing noise] Ladies, I'm gonna have to excuse myself. - That's cool. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. - For the chat. - Right. - Until next time. - See ya later. - Yeah. [laughing] - Hi. - Oh, hi. - Oh hi. - 'Hello.' I was wondering if I could swipe Poppy away. If you'd like to come for a wee meander? - Your shoes look cool. - Well.. Yeah, my shoes look cool don't they? Your shoes look really nice actually, don't they? Kinda sexy. Oh, my God, look, he's talking with Poppy again. She's already got a roll. I know. I don't know about that. Don't sweep me up where all the other girls are. I'm not, I'm actually gonna go stand right over here. In the bushes? Jeez. That's very interesting. [intense music] [intense music] [laughing] Hi. I was wondering if I could swipe Poppy away? Oh, my God, look, he's talking to Poppy again. So, are you feeling better? I am feeling a lot better after our conversation. - Yeah? Yeah. - Yeah. But I did think, um, I did sleep on it.. ...and I'm more than happy to stay. - Yay, great. - Yay. (Arthur) I was worried all day today. No, I really wanted to tell you sooner but it's not my place to be like "Arthur, I've really got some news to tell you." - Yeah. Yeah. - "I'm gonna stay!" So I just waited, I knew you'd come. I was gonna grab you first thing, but.. - Thanks. - Yeah. - Yay, oh, thank you God. - I will stay, I will stay. I'll stay as long as you want me. [laughing] - Okay. - Yeah. Cool. I'm really happy, Poppy. Cool. Have a good rest of your night. (Arthur) Have a good rest of your night. [giggling] I really genuinely believe that Arthur wants me to stay. When he told me that, it reassured me so much. I definitely feel a bit closer to Arthur but it's getting serious for me. So what were you guys just chatting about? I told Arthur that I needed to sleep on his offering of a rose. Why would you want to sleep on the rose? I needed to sleep on it because 'I'm scared that the more that I start to like him' 'the more that it gets frightening' so that was why I slept on the rose. "Good news, I'm going to stay." Like you were ever gonna leave, Poppy. I think she staged the whole thing and he fell into that. I was wondering if I could steal Hayley? If you still wanna have that little chat? I shall, I shall. So Arthur's come back again. - Where are we going? - We are going over there. [laughing] I'm thinking now's my time, you know? Like, I've gotta show him who I am and what I'm about so I wrote him a little rap just to show him a little bit of my personality. Okay, we're gonna take it from the top, okay, Arthur? Yep, okay. Okay, so.. ♪ Met this guy late last week ♪ ♪ Jumped out of the car felt my knees go weak ♪ ♪ Thought you're cute enough to be more than a friend ♪ ♪ But was left cleaning out the pond in the end ♪ (Arthur) Being serenaded by Hayley with a rap is definitely a unique experience. Very, very cool and incredibly courageous of her. ♪ Give me a rose for I need to stay composed ♪ ♪ I just wanna know right now ♪ [laughing] And I'm blown away. Just wait here for a second, just wait there. He tells me to wait there, so I'm thinking "Am I gonna get a rose?" [cheering] Will you accept this rose? Yes, I would happily accept this rose. [laughing] [squealing] [laughing] Now that I have received a rose, I'm back to happy Hayley. [laughing] Where did that comment come from, Chrystal? - I don't know. - The wild card thing. Like, how many people have you heard say 'cause you did say there was a few of you? I'm not gonna drop names because I said it so I'm owning that I said it and I'm not dropping anyone else into it but just stating the obvious. There's probably a few girls in the house that wonder maybe why I'm here and if it's.. if I'm staying because I'm the wild card. So you don't like having me around? (Chrystal) 'I did really like your scones the other day.' 'So I'm sorry, Lisa.' I'm happy that you're here and I hope you get a rose. - Ladies, good evening. - Good evening. Hate to break up proceedings but Arthur needs a few moments to make some decisions so I'm gonna take him with me and we'll see you very soon. - Okay? - Okay. (Matilda) Tonight, it's definitely a different feeling without a rose. I've been safe two out of three Rose Ceremonies previously so I'm not going in there feeling 100% safe. (Mike) Next, tears as Arthur makes the most difficult decision yet. (Natalie) Hands down I'm going. There was nothing in my mind that is thinking "I'm staying." [intense music] [intense music] - Ladies, good evening. - Hi. Congratulations, Hayley, Poppy and Amanda. You've all received roses, so tonight you are safe. (Poppy) I'm just gonna kick back and relax and watch the festivities. (Natalie) I would love to get a rose before the actual Rose Ceremony and not be having a heart attack. For the rest of you, Arthur has 10 roses to hand out which means one of you will be leaving the mansion tonight. (Lisa) I'm a little bit more anxious than I was last time. I wish you the best of luck. It's time to bring on Arthur. [intense music] (Alysha) I'm not confident that I will get a rose. Thanks, Mike. [intense music] Ladies, I've had an amazing last few days 'and I just want you to know that I take this very seriously' and I just want to make the right decision. (Chrystal) This is my favorite part of the Rose Ceremony. I love not knowing where I'm gonna come in. (Lisa) I would definitely like a rose so I'm hoping that I don't have to wait too long for it. [intense music] Danielle. Danielle, will you accept this rose? I would love to. - Thank you. - Thank you. [music continues] (Lisa) The wild card thing gets brought up a bit and it's definitely played on my mind as to if I'm staying because I'm the wild card. (Shivani) I'm standing there and it feels like forever. Brigitte. [intense music] Dani. - Will you accept this rose? - Yeah, of course I will. Thank you so much. Shivani. - Will you accept this rose? - Yes. - Thank you. - Thank you. Matilda. (Natalie) I feel intimidated by a lot of girls here. They're all beautiful, but I don't wanna go home. [music continues] (Lisa) It's challenging having to stare down the red carpet hoping that he is gonna call out my name. - Chrystal. - Oh, my God. (Chrystal) Thank you, I'll be taking that rose. (Kristie) It's definitely hard when your name sounds like the start of somebody else's name and you think it's your name and it's not. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. [intense music] ****. (Lisa) I don't think Chrystal and Arthur are a match and I don't think she's actually ready to settle. (Kristie) Doubt is creeping into my mind. I really wanna stay, I do. (Carissa) I'm very nervous not knowing what's gonna happen. Kristie. [mellow music] Kristie, will you accept this rose? Yes, of course, thank you. [intense music] (Natalie) I definitely think there's a potential for me to go home. (Lisa) If I do get a rose tonight I will be really relieved. [intense music] Alysha. Alysha, will you accept this rose? Of course I will. - Thank you. - Thank you. (Carissa) Two roses left and there's three of us. Nat and Lisa are my really good friends in the house and it's really sad because one of them or me we're gonna go home. (Natalie) Carissa's a babe. Lisa is the wild card she's totally awesome. That's it, I'm gone. Carissa. [mellow music] Carissa, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will, thank you. [music continues] (Natalie) Me and Lisa are left and hands down, I'm going. There was nothing in my mind that is thinking "I'm staying." [intense music] (Lisa) Hopefully he still knows who I am that the ginge needs to stay. (Arthur) 'This is way harder than I thought it was gonna be.' [music continues] Natalie. [mellow music] (Chrystal) So, Lisa's going home.. ...and the comments I've made are right. Oops. [mellow music] - Natalie? - Mm-hmm? Will you accept this rose? Yeah, I will, thanks. [music continues] [whispering] It's okay. [mellow music] Lisa, you did not receive a rose tonight 'so sadly you'll be leaving the mansion.' Please take a moment to say your goodbyes. (Matilda) Lisa going home tonightis terrible, terrible timing especially because Chrystal making those comments to her. (Shivani) I'm so sad about Lisa going home. She was like our mansion mum. (Dani) All those tears made the whole situation real. [music continues] (Matilda) I think Chrystal needs to watch it if she wants to keep friendships in this house. Thank you so much, Arthur. This has been so much fun. These girls are awesome, so do not mess with them. [laughing] - Lisa, thank you so much. - Thank you. I wish we got to know each other better. Yeah, see you later. [laughing] - All the best. - Thank you. See you girls. (Natalie) No, she was a really cool chick and she will be dearly missed. (Lisa) 'I'm really gutted to be leaving the house tonight.' I've put myself out there in this situation and whilst there wasn't a connection between myself and Arthur I definitely feel that I have the confidence to keep going and find that person for me. One final message for Chrystal "Think before you speak, sweetheart. Just be careful what you say." Here's to the next adventure. - Yes. - Yes. - Cheers. - Cheers. [instrumental music] (Mike) Next time on "The Bachelor.." Arthur and Dani put their connection on the line. Rushing headlong into a steamy first date. (Dani) We are becoming a lot more touchy, a lot more flirty. (Mike) Pushes the panic button at the mansion. Did you get the kiss? (Mike) The girls shoot for Arthur's heart. (Kristie) I'm gonna pull out all the stops and win the bachelor's affection. (Mike) As the group date sets Cupid's arrow in motion and at the Rose Ceremony, who will fall short of the target? [intense music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 