The Bachelor NZ: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor NZ 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor NZ (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Love is in the air as one lucky bachelorette flies high on the very first single date, leaving the rest of the girls grounded, and in an action packed group date, true colours begin to emerge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Mike) Previously, on "The Bachelor.." (Arthur) I'm looking for someone who's fun and intelligent. Someone that I can have adventure with and have a family with. (Mike) Twenty one single women.. Oh, my God, he's so hot! (Mike) Arrived at the mansion. - My heart's just like.. - Yeah. (Mike) And when the party started.. So did the competition for Arthur's heart. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You go, I'll go with you. Well, can I steal him away from you? (Arthur) Girl after girl. You did promise me two minutes of your time. This kind of been a hurricane of girls. Chrystal is a little bit intimidating. This is a crazy scenario. I'm not really here to make friends. (Mike) And the first Rose Ceremony.. (Arthur) 'Danielle and Matilda, you have nothing to worry about.' (Mike) So four bachelorette go home. Tonight.. Come on down. (Mike) Love is in the air. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Arthur organizes the first and a series of spectacular dates. You think that they would've kissed on the first date? (Mike) Then on a hot group date at sea emotions go overboard. Oh, my God! No way. (Mike) Later, tears as the pressure proves too much. Yeah, I'm really happy right now. (Mike) And more girls get their marching orders. (female #2) This really could be my last night. [instrumental music] (Arthur) My philosophy in love is there is definitely one right person out there for everyone. The girls have really put themselves out on a limb to get to know me. I'm hoping that they too can see that I am sincere and I really want to get to know all of them individually as well. Every week I get to take a girl on a single date and it's an opportunity to really get to know that girl and spend some time with them, do something fun and maybe have some romance. [indistinct chatter] Good morning, ladies. - Hi. - Hi. I have a message from Arthur. He wanted me to pass on just how much he enjoyed all of your company at the cocktail party. Now I know you're all here because you're looking for love. And having spent bit of time with Arthur I can tell you that he is genuinely looking too. So the stakes are pretty high. Arthur has organized a series of spectacular and romantic dates. So he can get to know you a little better. You won't know what those dates involve until the arrival of the date card. And here is your first one. Ooh! I'm thinking that it could be my name on the date card because at the cocktail party we had a really great time and I got the first rose. If someone would like to take it. 'Lisa, go.' - Thank you, Mike. - I will leave that with you. Ladies, good luck. Have fun. - Thank you. - Thank you 'Bye.' Exciting. [laughing] "No man is an island." Maybe tropical island somewhere. Who's going on the stage? I'm feeling hopeful that I will be on the date. It's a single date. I really wanna a single date with Arthur. I am so jealous of the girl that gets to go on this date. Poppy. [screaming] I am super jealous probably like every other girl 'cause I'd love to be on that date alone with him - Really? - Go Poppy. I had a sneaky suspicion that it was going to be me. - You're going on a date. - I'm going on a date! [laughing] I wonder what you're doing? I wanna go to an island. Are we going to an island? To be honest it's great that's it's not me. I don't wanna go first. - Have fun. - Bye. - 'Tell us about it later.' - Of course I will. I'll be interested to get the report back from Poppy. (Poppy) I'm Poppy, I'm 24. I live in Ponsonby and I am a yoga instructor. I'm kind of beachy, little bit hippy but also a bit traditional as well. I like to be treated like a lady. I was a competitive gymnast. I still have that competitive streak in me. My strengths are my ability to have a bit of a joke and not take life too seriously. But to also stand up for myself and stand up for the people that I love. If he is the one, and my dad approves, of course I would love to be with The Bachelor. (Arthur) I chose the sea-plane for the first one-on-one date. Because Poppy seems like, a lot of fun. So I really like to show her a good time. (Poppy) I'm sitting in the car and I'm super nervous because I'm about to meet someone that could be really special in my life. - Really? - 'Yes.' - Really? - Really. Oh, my God! Come on down. Oh, my giddy aunt. Hi. Morning. - Mm. - Hi, you look amazing. - Thank you. - Yeah. So do you. You're so dashing and dapper. (Arthur) 'So I hope you're excited.' 'Ever been on a sea plane before?' - No, never. - Come on, let's, uh.. Let's get you in. My heart was beating really fast. And then it relaxed because he was so gentle and genuine. [engine revving] How are you feeling? You excited? I am, I'm overwhelmed. - Yeah. - And excited. (Poppy) I think there definitely is an instant attraction with Arthur. I can't keep my eyes off his eyes We're looking out for whales and dolphins. (Arthur) The pilot's taking us over Aranga Toto and taking us for Tiki tour to around Auckland. And it's just incredible. W-what's that? No. Poppy admits she doesn't have any geographical knowledge of anything. She's honest and admits it and doesn't try and fake it. I really like that. (Poppy) We land, and we are in the most idyllic spot. (Arthur) Cowell is insane. The water's so clear. - Beautiful, huh? - Oh, my God. So far I've only told Poppy that we're going for a sea-plane ride and we're going to an island so she doesn't know what's in store for her but I've organized a sea-kayaking adventure for us. - So we're going kayaking. - Ooh.. - Do you like kayaking? - I love kayaking. - Actually, okay. Good. - Yeah. (Poppy) We're walking towards the beach in our swimmers and I can't stop looking at his chest. It's amazing. We'll go around some rocks. See some cool stuff. On a scale of one-to-ten, eleven. (Arthur) Physically, I'm definitely attracted to her. She's beautiful. She's gorgeous. - Let's do it. - Yeah. Let's do it. Alright. [instrumental music] And off we go. You're a natural. Thanks, Arthur. Crazy that he arranges something so perfect for me for my personality. Good thing you like kayaks. - How did you know? - Just had a feeling, you know? (Arthur) She looks like a girl who would love a good kayak. (Poppy) It was great to see his cheeky side. To the right, now. That's good. Yeah. I love a guy who has a competitive streak. - No, I will win this. - Oh, no, you won't. Poppy's just so easy going, easy to have a laugh with and just doesn't take herself too seriously. Can have a little bit of a sun bath here, can't you? You're ruining my relaxing. [laughs] [instrumental music] (Chrystal) While Poppy was out enjoying her first date with Arthur the girls and I were just hanging out in the garden, relaxing. Maybe they've gone surfing or something. 'She's a bit of a surfer.' I mean, she likes outdoor activities. - Yeah. - 'A bit of yoga on the beach.' - Yup. - Oh, yeah. A bit of leg stretching. [laughing] I wonder if she kissed him. (all) Ooh.. First question has to be that. - Yeah. - Yes. Where did she go? Did she kiss him? Do you think that they would've kissed on the first one-on-one date? - I would've. - Whoa. You didn't get that threatening, Chrystal? Unh-unh. No, I'm happy for her. (Chrystal) I don't mind not going on the first date. It can be kind of nerve wracking going first. I don't know if she kissed, is she gonna tell. - Yes. - Yeah. [instrumental music] (Arthur) Poppy's a vegetarian who eats fresh sea food. So I've organized an amazing sea food platter. - How 'bout that? - Wow. - Have a seat. - This looks incredible. Yeah. I wish I had hunted and gathered it for you. (Poppy) 'I wish you had too.' I was pretty impressed. He is a true gentleman. - Cheers. Yeah. - Cheers, Arthur. - Where are you actually from? - I'm from Wiltshire. And then I moved to Melbourne because my mom lives there. She moved over there with my step-dad about five-six years ago. - So your parents split up. - Mm-hmm. Both my parents have married three times each. So you have been to quite a few weddings. - Lots of weddings. - Yeah. It is so easy to talk to Poppy. She's just so natural and herself. 'Cause my mum's getting married in about four weeks. - Yeah? - Yeah. I think we have a lot in common. I think we have a lot to talk about. (Arthur) You said you're a bit of a hippy. - A little bit of a hippy. - Yeah. I have a dreadlock. - Yeah. Let's see. - Hiding in here somewhere. Do you like that? Hey, I don't not like it. - My mum is a hippy. - Is she? - Yup. - Really? - You remind me of her. - Thanks. Yeah. I think Poppy's great. I really like her. And I think there's definitely a spark there. (Poppy) I'm following my heart right now and my heart says he's awesome. [instrumental music] (Arthur) The day isn't over yet. Uh, we're gonna go for a little walk on the beach and have a little bit more of a chat. Ooh, skimming stones. All eligible bachelors know how to skim rocks. - Oh, really? - Mm-hmm. Well, I admit she's a good rocking 'cause I don't wanna stop this up. (Poppy) I'm having heaps of fun. Getting to know him as the real Arthur. One, two, three. Well, two-ish. Oh, rock holes. Let's go find some rock crabs. This is perfect for me. I use to catch crabs when I was a kid. - Did you? - Yeah. Poppy is an amazing person. She's just so warm and I feel so comfortable in her presence. Really lovely. It'll just be good to see him naturally like, not dressed up in a suit. Just kind of him-- - 'Relaxed.' - Yeah, relaxed. I wanna see if he can handle me in the boxing ring. - If we wanna challenge. - Yeah. Personally, I would just like to get him on his own. - Yeah. - Like one-on-one attention. I wanna take him swimming, so I can see his body. He's gotta his shirt off, definitely. But I love hanging out with Art and I'd love to see more what he's hopefully passionate about. Yeah. [instrumental music] I'm taking Poppy to a beautiful spot on the beach with this amazing overhanging Pohutukawa where I've arranged a little picnic. Oh, this is beautiful. Pohutukawatree's one of my favorite trees. - Yeah? - Yeah, actually. (Poppy) This is pretty magical. [farting] Did you just fart? Poppy lets out a little fart and it's just so funny. - I slipped in the sand. - Squeaky sand. But I love the way she just owned up to it and, uh, it was hilarious. It was a matter of time before someone farts in front of someone else, isn't it? Usually it's not the first date. (Arthur) It was definitely an ice breaker. [instrumental music] This pillow sinks. I'm kinda sinking closer and closer towards him. Yeah, I got especially sinking pillows. But I'm not exactly doing anything to stop that. This is pretty much my ideal date. Yeah. And I'm really pleased that I choose you for this date. (Poppy) We're getting closer and definitely it's a moment we could kiss. That makes me feel pretty special. I'm not going to kiss Arthur until it's at least top five then I know I don't have to share him with ten plus other girls. So, what are your goals? Personal goals, I wanna have a family. How many kids do you wanna have? Heaps. I always said I wanted five. - Five. - Yup. I've got a big family and I absolutely love it. We seem to have the same goals in life and same values and I feel like we just really connected on this date. I feel like we got the same sense of humor as well. Yeah, I agree. Really, really funny. Really hilarious. After we've had a couple of glasses of wine he turns around and he opens up the wicker basket. He says that he planned something for me. And also.. Poppy, will you accept this rose? I will. Thank you. The perfect end to a perfect date. Hiding that in that basket all the time. Yup, it's been in there for quite a while now. We had a great date and we didn't kiss but I'm not really comfortable with kissing someone that early on. Poppy's been gone a while now. I wonder where they've been. I know. It's been all day. [screaming] What is going on here? I missed you girls. What do you mean? We didn't even know you were gone. (Cristy) Poppy walks in with a grin from ear to ear and she just looks so happy. I'm gonna have a seat. Give you all the gossips. - Alright, spill. - So, where did you go? Well, we got by the water and there he was waiting with a sea plane. Yeah. Poppy looked a little bit smug when she came back. What did he looked like topless? All the girls are desperate to know what his body is like. He was topless. He has a body. [laughing] The focus is little bit superficial. But, I mean, he's gorgeous. (Poppy) 'Well, he loves the ocean and the beach.' So it's nice to just get him in his element with a little less clothing on. [laughing] And did you guys have a kiss? Oh, we didn't kiss. [clamoring] I felt happy for her that she had a lovely day but a little bit uneasy now. So you're just kissing and not telling. (Lisa) 'Is that how it's going?' They can think what they want what happened with me and Arthur will stay with me and Arthur. Can you see yourself falling for him? Yeah, I could see myself falling for him. [cheering] She's safe. She's safe from the Rose Ceremony. So it makes it harder for rest of us again. [instrumental music] We're in the garden and Matilda turns up.. Girls.. with an envelop. Look what I've got! (Harley) I'm wondering whether it'll be a single or group date. Whatever it is I'd love to be on it. I'm going a little bit crazy. I need to get out of this camp fever. Here we go. Okay, so.. "Today.." (Lisa) Yeah, I'd really wanna be part of it. We need as much time with him as possible. - "Today we are all at sea." - All of us? It's a group date. And the people going on it are.. (female #4) I'm really hoping that my name's on there. - Kristie with a "K." - Ooh! Yeah. So my name was read out first and I was super excited. - "Danielle B." - Oh, yeah. [laughing] (Lisa) I want as much as time with Arthur so I can get to know him more. Being on the group date is key. - "Danielle L." - Yes. "Natalie." - "Shivani." - Oh, my gosh. - "Dani R." - Yay. "Matilda." Me. - "Lisa." - Yes. I feel stoked that I got on the group date. That means more time with Arthur. And last person is.. - "Chrystal." - Yes. [laughing] I was excited to hear my name getting read out on the first group date. At this stage it doesn't feel like it's ever going to be my turn. That means that I'm not on the group date. So a little bit gutted. I really wanted to go. (Mike) Coming up.. A luxurygroup date has the girls in a spin. And Arthur's abs drive everyone.. ...to distraction. Chrystal keep flirting which made me want to vomit. So jealous. Oh, my God! No way! (Matilda) We're taken down to the waterfront. We all have no idea what's going on. And we pull up right by the jet boat place. And we assumed that we're gonna go on this amazing jet boat ride. Ladies, welcome to your first group date. Today you're heading out on Auckland's stunning harbor. But before you get too comfortable let's just say things could get a little bit intrepid out there. [laughing] I'm in my summer outfits looking like I'm going to the races and I have to get on to a jet boat. So, who is up for a wet and wild adventure? - Yes. - Woo! 'Cause I know somebody else who is. It's super cool we're going jet boating, but it's even better the fact that we get to do it with Arthur. - Morning. - 'Morning.' I hope you're ready for a exciting day. - Yeah. - Bring it on. Well, let's get on the boat. [intense music] [screaming] (Dani) We're going super fast pulling heaps of spins, took two 360s. I was lucky enough to get to sit next to Arthur. I was like "Don't worry I won't spew on you." We're all getting splashing and et cetra and.. The wetter the better. Just when we're thinking it's done we pull up to this huge amazing cruise boat. I asked Danielle who's sitting next to me, I was like "Do you think we're going on that boat?" And Arthur says, "Ladies this is us for the rest of the afternoon." And I just can't believe my eyes. - Wow! - Wow. It's so luxurious and we just felt like queens for a day. Oh, my God, look at this! Beautiful. (Arthur) Interesting this first day and not only to see how the girls interact with me but also how they interact with each other as well. Who am I gonna talk to? (Danielle) Girl were getting out in their bikinis I'm particularly self conscious being the oldest one in the group. In the end, I try not to let it bother me. [instrumental music] (Dani) When Arthur came upstairs without his shirt on my jaw was nearly on dropping. [cheering] Come over here, now. Arthur's body is very intimidating. (Danielle L.) Arthur is hot, he is really ripped. He's possibly one of the best looking people I've ever been in contact with. - You can grate cheese with 'em. - Yeah. You just stare, I was trying not to, but I was. Do you want a game? Should we have another game of quoits-- I like quoits, I'm gonna play quoits. (Lisa) I'm noticing there's a lot to pick up on with everybody's personalities. - Are we allowed to lean? - Yeah, I'll allow a lean. (Arthur) Kristie is quite possibly the most competitive person that I've ever met. It's terrible. (Lisa) Kristie definitely puts herself in front of Arthur so he knows she's there too. - Yay! - Well, done! (Danielle L.) Shivani was very close to offing. Just didn't look like she was in the element. Well, in our culture we don't really, you know show off much skin, sometimes this is more. Well, as much as I do like quoits 'I've got some other fun activities' Chrystal and Danielle, can you come with me? - Yeah. - 'Yeah? Okay, just have fun.' - Have fun! - Not too much fun! I was pretty disappointed, you know, why did they get chosen? Chrystal and I, are picked to go on the donut with Arthur I love the water, however, not so nice having to walk in my tall sneaks to Chrystal. Because she's got the most amazing body. (Dani) 'Danielle, got a rose on the first night' 'and now she's going off on lucky little side date.' He might be quite keen on here already. What's that noise? [engine revving] That is awesome! (Dani) Anything adventurous like that would be such a cool date to go on. Yes, I'm definitely jealous. [cheering] (Arthur) I think it'll be an interesting mix. Danielle strikes me as someone who is quite sporty so I figured she'll be really up for it. Chrystal, I haven't quite worked her out yet. - Hold on, girls! - Hold on! - It'll flip backwards. Yeah. - Backwards? Chrystal seemed to be getting kind of flirty with Arthur. (Arthur) Then to top it off, I get a double kiss. (Chrystal) Danielle and I were just thanking Arthur for choosing us, because all the other girls are watching. So jealous. (Danielle L.) On the biscuit, Chrystal kept flirting which made me want to vomit. (Chrystal) Danielle, she was a little worried about her make-up and about getting wet, la, la, la, la, la. [intense music] Oh, my God, that is so cool! Watching the girls with Arthur, it was pretty extreme it was going really fast and they looked like they were hanging on for dear life. (Chrystal) I was not coming off that, the speed we were going it looked like concrete down there. [screaming] Oh, my God, no way! (Arthur) Falling off the biscuit was actually quite intense. Oh, my God! (Arthur) Danielle handled it quite well. Chrystal, she just couldn't get out of the water fast enough. I wanted to come across Arthur like I was tougher than Chrystal though, so wasn't as scaredy as she was. Danielle seems like she's more adventurous. Chrystal, possibly a little bit of a princess. (Chrystal) After our biscuit date I definitely liked Arthur a lot more it was nice to hang out with him. [dramatic music] So, right now, it's about, um, that time. Peak summer time. Yeah, they'll probably all be in their bikinis with Arthur. Yeah, rubbing sunblock on each other. Hopefully, it's not gonna be that choppy 'cause there's nothing worse to feeling seasick. It'll be interesting to see how they all flounder in being around each other and kind of vying for his attention. (Dani) Arthur has come over to sit with us girls while we're having a little nibble and something to drink. Dani, would you like to come for a ride on a jet ski? Yes! [cheering] I love jet skis. Bye, Dani, have fun! (Kristie) 'I thought it was a group date where we spend' all time with him together, bit gutted to be honest. I was pretty disappointed because I actually saw the jet ski and I would love to have some one-on-one time away from everybody. Whoo! I know, I'm same, I was hanging out for it. That jet ski has my name on it. Dani, get in the front! - You could have a drive. - Yeah, I think I will. [instrumental music] - Whoo! - Yay time. Dani's coming off the seat. I am a bit of an adrenaline junkie. Anything extreme, I'm totally up for it. (Arthur) The girls could be a little bit jealous. They probably saw us having a lot of on the jet ski and getting quite close. It's actually really hard to get you on your own. Living in a house with girls can be little hard sometimes so.. I think a lot of the other girls are struggling. Now, Danielle, Chrystal and Dani have-have had like good quality time with him today and we really haven't had any. So, that's just slightly worrying. I'm tuning into camp mum though and I shouldn't be 'cause I'm, like, 20, I'm 22, I'm like one of the youngest. (Arthur) Halfway through the jet ski ride Dani turned to me and said that she was quite cold. It was quite nice giving Dani a cuddle. (Dani) I'm thinking of the other girls won't be getting that today, so I'm feeling pretty lucky feeling pretty special. Getting close to her and spending a little bit more time with her is really nice and she seems like someone that I want to spend a lot more time with. (Lisa) Dani's personality is definitely coming out on the date, she's, you know having a little bit of a touch and that's making herself known to Arthur. (Arthur) I've got some drinks lined up so it's going to be a really good opportunity for me to get to know some of the other girls. (Lisa) There's quite a few girls on the group date that have big personalities, you know they'll speak up and be heard. Women aren't as superficial as men though, right? I actually can love someone because of their personality when men are very visual people. (Danielle L.) Chrystal was very, very opinionated and wrongfully so. That's not that they're shallow like they get turned on visually, we're like emotionally. There seemed to be a little bit of tension between Danielle and Chrystal. (Danielle L.) Chrystal would say some really stupid and ignorant things. For a 30-year-old woman, there should be a little bit more substance. Any man who's interested in Chrystal is not a man that I'm interested in at all. Well, I've been on a safari in South Africa. This close to a lion out in the open. - Yeah. - It's awesome. Arthur, my glass is empty! I need a refill. I think everyone on the boat just stopped and like died a little bit inside. I'm saying to myself, he not a waiter, he's the bachelor. Thank you. Yeah, she could be quite bossy, that one. - Thank you. - You're welcome. I'd have Kristie's crossed off the list of the door in there. (Arthur) For me there's one girl that's standing out amongst them. And that's Dani. We really made a connection, um, quite fondly. - Hey, Dani, can I have a word? - Yes. [instrumental music] (Dani) Arthur makes me feel awesome. (Arthur) I feel like we really connected and yeah, I definitely want to spend more time with her. - You had fun today? - Yeah. - You? - Yeah, I loved it. (Arthur) It's an incredible moment standing there next to Dani watching this beautiful sunset. I feel like I wanna give her a rose. Yeah, can you just wait here for a second? Yeah. (Dani) At this stage I'm thinking "Oh, my God, I bet you, I'm getting a rose." I know it's a huge surprise you probably didn't expect me to bring this out. I didn't expect it, but I hoped you would. - Dani. - Yes? - Will you accept this rose? - I definitely will. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. [instrumental music] (Mike) Coming up.. A cocktail party with nerves on a knife edge. Where's Brigette? Yeah, I'm really happy right now. (Mike) And one girl get's it all wrong. Do you mind if I just jump in? (Natalie) I'm standing there, I feel like an idiot. Did I just interrupt something really-- Yeah, it was quite intense. [instrumental music] [indistinct chatter] (Danielle L.) At the start of the cocktail party you could notice a completely different vibe than what you did on our first evening. [indistinct chatter] - Evening. How's it going? - Hey. (Natalie) Some of the girls are having their time with Arthur probably are feeling a little bit under pressure. If they haven't been on the one-on-one and they haven't been on the group dates. [indistinct chatter] It just really overwhelming being here. I feel like I can't just really be myself. How many people do you think are going home tonight at Rose Ceremony? - One going home each time. - No, hang on a minute. There were supposed to be four, but Rosie left. (Dani) People are definitely more nervous tonight. Before the cocktail party had started I noticed that Brigette was quite upset. She definitely looked really distressed. And kind of sad. Um, where's Brigette? She's in the ladies'. - 'Yeah.' - 'Yeah.' If you wanna go and join her it's just down the hallway and then turn left. Maybe I go have a chat with her and see how she's going on. - Good idea. - Please, excuse me. That's nice of him to go and look for her. Yeah. Very sweet. I hope she's okay. He's a true gentleman. - 'Definitely.' - Oh, he is. She'll be fine. Maybe even better now. [laughing] - Hello. - 'Hi.' - Are you okay? - 'Yeah.' (Brigette) 'I'm good.' There's nothing major. There's lot's of little tiny things added but I'm good. You sure? Yeah, I'm really happy right now. I wasn't really feeling that well. And I had a moment. I had a female moment. [indistinct chatter] Oh, look, Brigette's come back out. (Lisa) Not too sure if Brigette disappearing was little bit of a strategic move on her part. But if so, it definitely works 'cause she's getting time with Arthur. Yesterday you weren't feeling that good either. This is out of your comfort zone and you get a little bit sick a little bit sensitive, it's a little bit.. - Yeah. Not 100 percent. - So yeah. So I didn't feel 100 percent and then you throw that in the mix of being what we're doing right now. In a completely different place with a whole bunch of people you don't know. Yeah. It's hard. You don't realize. It's tough, it's tough on everyone, isn't it? - Like, I.. - So you just tough it up and.. - Be fine. - Yeah. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. - Yeah. - Lucky two will be outta here. [laughing] [indistinct chatter] (female #5) I'm not that confident that I'm going to get a rose tonight. Purely because I haven't had any time with him. What are we gonna do? Give me 30 seconds. I feel like he takes the people on the date 'that he either really is intrigued by' 'wants to get to know more' or he's not sure about. He'll get there, do the group and be like, "Yeah." Or he, he could take you on the group date and then be like, "You know what? No." "You're not my type. Get out." Strategy tonight is not to be a scardey-cat and put myself out there and try my best to talk to him. This is bit overwhelming I think. Yeah. I think that there are going to be two girls going home tonight. And I need to step up go over there and talk to him. Boom! Lara Croft on that. - Yeah. - Hi, hon. - Hi. - Hi. - Hey. - How's it going? - Good. Good, good. - Yeah? Hey, stranger. - No, no, no. Okay. - Alright. It's fine. I'll sit here. And I wanted to bring something out with you. Go on. The name "Arthur", I was like "Arthur" I was like, everything was perfect. You know, when I found you know, was Arthur? So what can we call you that's not Arthur? Brigette, that is so rough. Most people will call me Art or Arty. Yeah, we can go with that. (Alysha) I was hoping for the one-on-one. Well, I think we should make our way to the party. Come on, let's go. I'm glad I did go over there and at least I've made that contact with him. But I don't know if it's gonna be enough. I don't think he knows me at all at the moment. (Arthur) The cocktail party is a very intense situation. I'm not sure if some of the girls are really handling that pressure well. - How's it going? - It's good. Yeah? Do you mind if I steal Kristie away for a chat? If was Kristie right now I would feel a little bit worried. I think we really hadn't, we, uh, chat with you yet. (Lisa) Cristy hasn't really had much one-on-one or group discussions on I think with Arthur. But, you know, leaves us all a little bit deflated at the table that we didn't get that one-on-one time. Are you alright with everything? Um, I just finding it a little bit hard to be myself around in this environment. 'It's just a bit different, you know?' I'm finding, I've got a wall up I guess and I just, I'm struggling to, to be me. It's hard. It really is, for me. And I didn't expect it to be like this at all. And it's not, it's not you what so ever. 'Cause I don't even know you. Like, I haven't even had a chance to 'to chat at all.' Hello, you two. Hi. Quite possibly the worst moment comes in Natalie. Do you mind if I just jump in and join your convo 'or just chill out?' - You and come sit by my side. - 'Is that okay?' - Go for it. - Alright. Yep. Go girl. You go, girlfriend. I might.. - You sure? - Yeah. That's-- - Am I replacing you? - Yeah, that's fine. - Okay. Is it alright? - Yeah, totally. No problem. Thanks for the talk. (Natalie) And as soon as I got there I knew that that was not the right time to go in. I'm standing there feeling like an idiot. 'cause I've just broken in on this obviously very serious emotional conversation. And I just stood there and tried to hide myself a little bit. - That's alright. Thank you. - 'Oh, baby.' I'm still good. Thank you. (Natalie) I feel really bad. Did I just interrupt something really-- Yeah, it was quite intense. Oh, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. - I feel really bad about that. - Yeah. That was terrible timing, wasn't it? It was quite bad timing. [laughs] I'm so sorry. No, it's okay. No, no, no. You-you had no idea. It was fine. Felt really emotional, really serious. - I know. - Really quick. (Natalie) I just thought that I wasn't gonna bust on anyone.. ...but I figured that our chances are running really short opportunities are becoming very, very small. What's the real you? I don't... need to be completely glammed up all the time. Got to know me a little bit, so it was really really good to have that one-on-one time that I haven't had the whole time I've been here. I don't regret what I did because I got the conversation that I needed. - Let's get back. - 'So nice to talk to you.' Yeah, no, it was good talk to you too. I feel the same way when I talk to him, I'm feeling, like he wants to get to see what we're like first, like.. - How's everything going? - 'Good.' (Arthur) Tonight's Rose Ceremony is gonna be really tough. Going into it I still haven't made my mind up as to which girls are gonna receive a rose and which girls I'm gonna have to say goodbye to. (Natasha) Going into the Rose Ceremony tonight I'm definitely not confident. He doesn't know me and I haven't spent any time or talked to him. I'm not safe at all tonight so, um my heart is going like this. And it was a lot different to last week. (Chrystal) There's a good chunk of everyone telling them themselves that they're going home so I'm gonna just, "Yeah, I'm gonna get a rose." (Mike) Coming up at the Rose Ceremony.. (female #5) That's literally very scary. (Mike) Which girls will leave the mansion tonight? (Lisa) It's a weird form of torture. (Danielle L.) Chrystal would feel the same about Arthur as she would the handbag. [instrumental music] Good evening, ladies. You all look incredible. (all) Thank you. Well, it's been quite an eventful first week 'here on "The Bachelor New Zealand."' 'Poppy, you were on a single date this week.' And, Dani, I guess receiving a single rose on the group date 'would've made you feel more relaxed tonight.' 'Well, congratulations, girls.' Tonight you're safe. For the rest for you who did not receive a rose our bachelor has 13 to hand out tonight. Which means two of you will be leaving the mansion. 'I wish you the best of luck.' It's time to bring in Arthur. (female #6) We're heading into the Rose ceremony but I'm quite nervous. I'm not sure if I'm going to get a rose. (Chrystal) I hope I get a rose tonight I wanna get to know Arthur better. (Christy) It's literally very scary. (Natasha) I don't think I deserve a rose tonight but I would like a rose tonight. I just wanna say, thank you for the last few days. 'It's been great getting to know you all a lot better.' [intense music] Brigette. A sympathy rose. - Thank you. - No. I haven't offered it to you yet. Brigette, this is not a sympathy rose. Will you accept this rose? Um, yes. - 'Thank you very much.' - 'Thank you.' [music continues] - Previous ceremony I was last. - I'm getting anxious. (Lisa) Little bit nerve-wrecking actually. Kristie, with a K. (Lisa) Standing patiently for Arthur to call out my name. It's a weird form of torture. (Amanda) I kind of feel a little bit positive that I'm gonna get a rose. - Matilda. - Yay! (Lisa) Don't forget me Arthur. - Cheers. - Cheers. (Lisa) I would love to stay and get to know Arthur more. I'm a little bit nervous about it. Amanda. (Amanda) I was so excited, I was like, yay! - Thank you. - Thank you. [instrumental music] Lisa. When I was called, Lisa's walking up the red carpet I'm stoked. Lisa, will you accept this rose? Hell, yes. - Great. - Thanks, love. [intense music] (Chrystal) There's still a few roses left. I'm pretty sure one's got my name on it. (Natasha) I do not feel sorry for Arthur, he has all the roses. (Shivani) The fact that I told him that I won't be kissing him may put me at a disadvantage. Chrystal. Chrystal, will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. Sorry, I forgot to kiss you. (Matilda) It was a bit of an odd response. Not very nice. (Danielle L.) Chrystal would feel the same about Arthur as she would the handbag. [dramatic music] (Hayley) I don't feel like I'm gonna receive a rose tonight. (Alysha) I haven't had any time with him. Natalie. [instrumental music] Natalie, will you accept this rose? I definitely will, thank you. - Hayley. - Yes. (Arthur) 'Will you accept this rose?' Yes, you've definitely put a smile on my face. Carissa. Carissa, will you accept this rose? - Yes, thank you. - Thank you. (Alysha) It's either meant to be or it's not. He either wants me around or he doesn't. Shivani. (Danielle L.) I'm feeling pretty nervous, I'm really not sure if I've done enough to get a rose tonight. (Danielle B.) If I don't get a rose tonight, I am going to be disappointed. Danielle.. (Danielle B.) I'm not quite ready to go yet. ...B. (Danielle L.) It's the exact opposite of the previous Rose Ceremony, I was nice and safe. (Cristy) I'm feeling really, really nervous. I still haven't been called, it is very nerve wracking. As Arthur starts to get closer and closer to the last rose "Oh, wow, this really could be my last night." [intense music] Alysha. You gotta stop leaving me till last. Alysha, will you accept this rose? Oh, of course, I will. (Danielle L.) When there's just one rose left I'm thinking "Well, that's it I'm gone." (Cristy) I'm pretty sure that I'm going home tonight. (Natasha) It is scary. [intense music] And this last rose is for Danielle. Danielle, will you accept this rose? Oh, sure. Thank you. Cristy and Natasha, you did not receive a rose. Please take a moment to say your goodbyes. Arthur, good luck with everything. Bye-bye. (Natasha) I'm really happy that I was true to myself and did get to know some of the girls in the short time I've had. Just wanted to say, all the best. You've got some amazing beautiful girls here and you're a really great guy so know you're gonna have a fantastic time. Thanks so much. [instrumental music] (Cristy) The toughest thing about going home tonight is I didn't get to meet Arthur properly and I didn't get to know him that well. I just want him to find someone that's genuinely here for him and I think there's a number of girls that are. [instrumental music] (Mike) Next time on "The Bachelor.." - Hi, how are you? - Good, how are you? (Mike) Arthur unveils a jaw dropping date. - Oh, my God, it looks amazing! - Yeah. (Mike) But will Matilda lay it all on the line for him? - **** - 'Three, two..' - Go! - 'Go, fast, fast, fast..' (Mike) Rivalry on the track. - That's quick change up. - Don't gas it. Don't gas it. (Mike) Skids out of control. (Dani) 'Today is gonna be blonde against blonde' and teacher against teacher. Good luck, girls. Oh, shh, just try and listen. (Mike) As the race for Arthur's affections.. - Hello - Hi! I was hoping I could steal you. Builds to a collision at the cocktail party. No, I don't think so. I could not be more afraid right now. [dramatic music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 