Anne with an E: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Anne with an E 
 s3e7 - A Strong Effort of the Spirit of Good - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Anne with an E (2017–2019): Season 3, Episode 7 - A Strong Effort of the Spirit of Good - full transcript 
 Anne rallies the town to speak out against injustice. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ah! Anne? It must be four in the morning. Where on earth...? Did you...? - What in the world? - I'm so sorry, Marilla. We were desperate to have the newspaper ready for the Sunday church service. Avonlea will want to read all about the county fair, and there was a small adjustment I wanted to make. So I nipped out to help my fellow reporters. We have an endowed responsibility to inform the community. Well, next time, try to enact your responsibility to the community during daylight hours. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I will. - You've been up almost the whole night. You may miss church to catch up on your rest. - I don't want you taking sick from... - It wasn't an adventure, I promise. This had to be done. Thank you, Marilla. I'll go straight to bed. ♪ First thing we'd climb a tree ♪ ♪ And maybe then we'd talk ♪ ♪ Or sit silently ♪ ♪ And listen to our thoughts ♪ ♪ With illusions of someday ♪ ♪ Casting a golden light ♪ ♪ No dress rehearsal ♪ ♪ This is our life ♪ ♪ You are ahead by a century ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ You are ahead by a century ♪ "What is Fair?" by Anne Shirley Cuthbert. Marilla. It seems your Anne needs a whole page to speak her mind this morning. She's always had a knack for that, Eliza. For better or worse. I see Matthew was mentioned for his odd radish. Congratulations are in order. Or as the saying goes, in odd we trust. - Is Anne not attending this morning? - She's in bed. I'm surprised to see you here, Diana. You must be bone tired after your late-night efforts on the newspaper. Um, Anne had some extra work to do. She's very enthusiastic about reporting. May I see this? What is happening? Oh, dear. Anne! Josie! Why didn't you talk some sense into our flame-headed Robespierre? We didn't know. She went rogue. This was a school newspaper, not a bully pulpit! A conversation will be had. If you could all turn your attention to today's required... reading? How could you let this happen? What did you say? - Nothing! - I don't believe it. You girls are always wagging your tongues! Calm down. Both of you. Please. I'll attempt to avert disaster and speak with Harmon. We can't have this dirty bit of business mar the arrangements between you and Billy. Deep breaths. Breathe, breathe. This isn't about whose fault it is. - Fault? I didn't... - Stop. It is of no concern who did or didn't. We'll simply do whatever it takes to get him back. Get him back? He's not a nice boy. Nice isn't relevant. I hate to tell you, and it's a hard truth you'll come to understand. You put yourself in a situation. That was a choice. Now you have a reputation. And girls with reputations do not have choices. Mother, he hurt me. Well, you seem to be all in one piece now. How bad could it be? Better take a gander. And best sit down! - Account for yourself! - I'm... sorry? Your article! Or perhaps manifesto would be a better word. I told the truth. This particular truth did not need to be told in the newspaper! In fact, that's exactly where the truth should be expressed. - Your opinion is your opinion, not... - It's not my opinion! Isn't it true that if I choose to marry, my life could be traded to the highest bidder for some farmland and cows? - That's not what you wrote! - Don't I, as a woman, deserve to even have an opinion? Don't you? What about when Matthew didn't so much as consult you when he made the deal with the bank that almost cost us Green Gables? Don't you dare use our plight as fodder for your... your belligerence! I am not being belligerent! And what about poor Josie Pye? I never mentioned her! The article is about all women! If it is about all women, why was it only Josie who ran out of church crying? I appreciate the time, Harmon. My promise to consider our conversation carefully. I'm sure all will sort itself out. Insufferable fellow. Is there a worse smell than male desperation? Billy, we'll get you down to Charlottetown soon so that we can find a young woman who's more compatible with our interests. It's all very unfortunate. It's a miracle. Thank God we won't have Josie as our sister. This is rich. Did all of you conveniently forget I was in exactly the same situation two years ago? - Oh, nonsense. It's hardly the same. - Nonsense how? Avonlea was slavering over my perceived impropriety. The rumors nearly ruined me. The rumours were disqualified the moment Ted Phillips proposed. Which means Billy can fix this. By requalifying Josie's reputation. You know you have the power to make this right, right? You have all the power. All of it. This... incident is very different. The only difference is that you found me worthy of defense. And now you're hanging Josie out to dry because she's not your daughter. So off we go, on to the next. Isn't it amazing how she can be the talk of the town today, and somehow, simultaneously, yesterday's news? Have some perspective, dear. Small towns have long memories. Between those rumors you speak of, and a certain wedding debacle, our family's lucky to have preserved our good standing. Lucky? My efforts were Herculean. Another instance of perceived moral turpitude, and who knows what would happen? Now that you mention it... I can think of one smell that's worse than male desperation. Hypocrisy. I need some air. Excuse me. College transformed her into quite the little wordsmith. How bad was it at church? It was one-hundred percent bad. Mathematically speaking. How did it all get so mixed up? I was writing about justice and equality! What could be more virtuous than that? I wasn't even thinking about Josie. - That much was clear. - Diana! I'm sorry, Anne, but you should've seen the look on Josie's face when she ran out. Help me. I need to fix this. What should I do? Apologize. But I believe in what I wrote! And contrary to popular opinion, I believe a newspaper is where these ideas belong. No, Anne. Apologize to Josie. - Good day. - Bye. Josie. - But he shouldn't have touched you! - You shouldn't have written about it! You've always been jealous of me. You couldn't rise to my level, so you've brought me down to yours. Congratulations, Anne. Now I'm trash. Just like you. Everyone... Everyone! Uh... Anyone? I believe we've yelled enough about the incident. How would you like to proceed? My first recommendation is to talk at a level that won't cause deafness. We're arguing about the wrong thing. This isn't about what Anne wrote. This is about what's fair. What's fair?! My piece is literally and precisely called "What is Fair"? Anne, it's time to listen. Gilbert, please elaborate. I mean, fairness to us. The team. You could've pitched your idea, and we could've worked on it together. I'm sure that there's a way that we can talk about equality without... - ruining a girl's life. - Oh, now you have an opinion on equality? It's the same opinion I probably would've had yesterday, had you bothered to ask. Interesting! Because at the fair, I could've sworn I saw you negotiating for an attractive new parcel of land. I mean... wife. Alright, then! Why don't I tell you my plan before this room spontaneously combusts? From now on, we will be exercising a rigid guideline I'd assumed was clear from the beginning. I am the editor-in-chief. As such, all articles must be met with my seal of approval before they go to print, or else they don't go to print. Understood? Wonderful. On the topic of the next issue, please break into groups and begin discussing what you'd like to see in its pages. Anne. Is what I wrote utterly ill-conceived? It makes perfect sense to me, but maybe... Honestly, Miss Stacy, I thought I was righting a wrong. It... it wasn't ill-conceived. There were unintended consequences, clearly, but at its core the piece was stirring and... and thought-provoking. In a larger newspaper, with a broader readership that is open to the changing times, your words might've made a positive impact. Truly? Truly. But, Anne, why didn't you come to me? We could've avoided casualties. Sound journalism must defend the voiceless, not send them further into silence. I was worried it would lose impact if I didn't publish immediately. I understand that impulse, but in order for big, new ideas to take hold, they must be carefully planned and flawlessly executed. Your rashness ruined an opportunity for an intelligent conversation. - And it hurt your friend. - I tried to apologize to Josie. How did that go? - Painfully. - Well, my only advice for that is, if at first you don't succeed... Can I at least help you with the editorial correction? - I can try to explain. - I'm sure you can. But you absolutely may not. You're off editorial writing for good, I'm afraid. I must mete out consequences. You know that. So... make friends with your new beat: the fertilizer column. Don't fret. This is a farming town. It's a very popular topic. Gentlemen, shall we begin? Thank you for meeting on such short notice. Like you, I had a near-medical conniption when I read such conjecture in our little paper. But I've devised a strategy for how to deal... There's only one strategy. We're taking back the press. There's no need to be rash, these are children... It's not as though this is the first provocation. Certainly not. I recall an article on the savage natives who run around in our woods, doing God knows what. Scalping and stealing. We're getting a little off topic. Why don't we... And what about the obituary for the colored woman? - Her name was Mary. - I have relatives who fought in wars... and did not receive the dignity of being memorialized in print. The children do seem to be taking liberties, publishing whatever they want. We're taking back the damn press, and that's that! Let's focus. I have several ideas... I suggest we hold off on repossessing the press. The community has enjoyed seeing themselves through the pages of the newspaper. Moreover, it keeps the children busy during these idle summer months. - Agreed. Speaking as a mother... - I wasn't quite finished. It seems like you took the article to heart. Hysterical interruptions. - Beg your pardon. I'm not hyst... - Case in point. Instead of cancelling the paper, we will dictate a list of acceptable topics and issue a list of what is not fit to print. Now, this mandate will ensure there are no more surprises. - All in favour? - Just a minute. - Aye! - Done. Of course, Anne Shirley Cuthbert must be disciplined. That's easy. She's off the paper. Mrs. Lynde, why don't you run along and deliver the news to Miss Stacy? From one woman... to another. And I know I was meant to be scared of the monster, but I felt an overwhelming sadness for him. He was so wounded and lovelorn. Frankenstein was always mad and... The... the doctor? I suppose he... No, no. The monster. Oh, uh, Frankenstein is the doctor. Or did you mean the doctor, while appearing ordinary on the outside, may indeed have been the true "monster" on the inside? What? I... Um... didn't you love that the weather mirrored the emotions the characters are feeling? Um, I... I didn't notice that. But I like it when the creature steals the dog sled. That was crazy! Well... you're a handsome creature. You have that in your favor. I wonder if... if we could think of something else to do. Instead of talking? It's lunacy! It's... unfair. This is no longer about the newspaper. Oh, no. No, no, no. This is about men, feeling uncomfortable with women, with modernity itself! I'm afraid I'm a bit lost. Men's hat fashions! There's a pressing topic! What's next? An ode to cigars? Top-ten mustache waxes? Do you mean to say the Board is mandating what can and can't be written about? That is precisely what those old codgers have decreed! Not Rachel, of course. She's as scandalized as I am about this. But she was resoundingly outvoted! All because of what I wrote? - Oh, my word. - Let me put this plainly. This isn't about Anne's article. This is censorship. Censorship that was sparked by small-mindedness. There is a difference between incendiary content and libel. And what exactly is that difference? Opinions are legal, libel is not. Anne wrote an opinion that was... clearly inflammatory. Now the Board is using her words as an excuse to limit the freedom of the press. Everyone has a right to express their opinions freely, even if they're unpopular. What do you think about all this, Matthew? Um... um... I reckon you've heard from about enough men on this topic. What can be done? How can I help? I buried the lead. That's newspaper talk. I'm so worked up. Anne, I'm sorry. I came over to tell you that the Board will only let the newspaper continue to publish... If I'm fired. I wish I had better news. I think the best option is to play by their rules for a spell, and then, down the road, maybe they'll... reconsider. No one's forcing them to read the paper. What are the new rules, anyway? "The weather, hat fashions, farm stories, but no references to animal husbandry." It's good they fired her. What did you say? If Anne were here, she'd just say: "Use your imaginations!" And then find some way to ruin what's left of the newspaper for the rest of us. Hold on. Let's not forget where all this started. It started with Billy Andrews disrespecting Josie Pye. Anne should've left well enough alone. Anne stood up for a person who suffered a cruelty. That person could've easily been you. "Women matter on their own, not in relation to a man." Whom here disagrees? "We all deserve the right to bodily autonomy and to be treated with respect and dignity. To say 'stop' and be heard; instead of pushed, derided, and told that a man knows more about our basic rights and desires than we do." What do you think, Moody? Do you know more about the contents of Ruby's mind than she does? I... barely know one thing. I certainly know more than that! "Women are not made whole by men. Women are made whole the moment they enter this world." You know she'd stand up for any one of you. Even in spite of what you're saying about her, she'd do what was right. That's who she is. I know I'm not your favourite person right now... No, Anne, not at all. We're sorry! We didn't understand! We're sorry. You shouldn't have ever been blamed. Well, I came to say I, uh... I have enough of these for everybody. I have a plan. Oh, good, because Miss Stacy's plan is terrible. Anne's farm boy has gotten so tall! I wonder if he has a farm girl. I've brought you something. What have we here? A proposal. Play mother, won't you, Priss? There's a dear. Father, you've... spoken of your anxiety about the future of this farm, and making sure the finances are shored up in case of a rainy day. This isn't something that should concern you greatly. Oh, sugar. But it... does. From what I understand, you haven't considered buying into the futures market. - No need. - I disagree. Even a sole futures contract of corn, about 5,000 bushels or 127 metric tons... Oh. No milk? I'll do it. As I was saying, that one contract could stabilize our earnings and protect us in the case of unforeseeable disaster. - Disasters, eh? - Acts of God, or imprudent successors. Tea everywhere. - Does this all make sense? - Of course it does. Naturally I understand the value of hedging our bets. It's a basic economic principle, darling. But I'm certain Billy won't understand any of it. Father, Billy is why I'm saying this. If you just allowed me to work with him... A woman could never have the authority to represent an enterprise such as ours. I'm sorry, sweetheart. Oh. Now it's cold. Someday, Priscilla, you will do your husband proud. - Goodbye. - Thank you. - Big day tomorrow. - The biggest. It's not the same without Josie. I miss her too. Poor Josie. Can you imagine? You finally get to have your first real kiss, it's supposed to be so romantic, but you're so, so scared? I wonder if it even counts. I think it only counts if both people kissing want it to happen and have feelings for each other. - See you tomorrow. - Bye, Anne. Bye. Bye. May I take Midnight for a ride? There's something I have to do. As long as you're back in time for your chores. - May I speak with Josie? - May I ask who's calling? A sympathetic friend. When I wrote the piece, I had no clue of the consequence you'd face because of it. I was hot-headed and heedless, and in my eagerness to do good, I did you harm. I didn't mean to... but I did. You needn't forgive me, Josie. That's not why I'm here. In fact, you should be angry with me for as long as you like, but... ...please know that I understand the extent of my wrongs. And I am very... very sorry. You can slap me again. Your face has paint on it. We're planning an action tomorrow, a show of solidarity to remind the town that all voices matter. The whole newspaper is involved. You could join us, if you like. Not a chance. I want to ask you something. How did you know to write about equality and dignity? It's not as though you've had a lot of experience with that. For most of my life I've had to fight the idea that I'm... nothing more than someone to throw away, or pass around as needed, or that I'm not capable of being of real help because I'm a girl. Right. Trash. Yes, that. But I came to understand that I was the same person the whole time. I'm loved now, but when I wasn't, it didn't mean I wasn't worthy of it. No one but you is allowed to dictate what you're worth. Are you sure you don't want to join us tomorrow? No, Anne, I don't. Do you want it in writing? Anne, uh, ca-can I talk to you? I need advice. It's about my girl. Your... girl? You... you have a girl? So... everything has been good. Um... I like her so much. We walk together, we read the same book, we've kissed. Jerry! How... surprising? No, it's confusing. Because... she seems to like the kissing part, but not the part where we talk. Oh. I... It makes me feel like I'm not good enough. And I... I guess that's true. She's rich, I'm poor, so how could she ever really like me? Jerry, stop. In matters of the heart, money should be of no importance. I have never heard you humble yourself like this. It sounds like she's degrading you. Frankly, she doesn't sound like a very nice person. But... Diana's your best friend. Diana? You and Diana? So she didn't even tell you. You see? She's ashamed to be with me. Matthew... Do you... do you think good can come of all this? Anne... she wants to change things... for the better. So... we'll stand by her... as she tries. That's our job... I reckon. Best get to bed, then. Tomorrow will be an eventful day. For sure. They can't take your beauty away from you. Goodnight, dear. What are you doing here? I like you. I mean... I still like you. I liked you too. I can fix this. Want me to fix this? I don't want anything from you. Least of all redemption. - Alright. - Morning! I thought you could use some help. Anne? What's wrong? Who are you here to see? Me or Jerry? Why didn't you tell me? Is-is it because of what I wrote about Josie? - You thought me untrustworthy? - Of-of-of course not! - It started weeks before that! - Weeks? It doesn't mean anything. How can kissing someone repeatedly not mean anything? I-I don't know. I thought the kisses meant something, but then they didn't, but then I didn't want them to stop, - even though... - You're not making any sense! That's why I couldn't tell you. Yesterday... Jerry came to talk to me about a girl... who was being cruel, and... and never in a million years did I think he was describing my truest friend. - Who are you? - I'm still me! I promise you! I should've never gotten involved with him. It's ridiculous. - And why is that? - You know why. Yes, I do. Because Jerry told me that you make him feel common. - That's hardly my fault. - Isn't it? Our differences are glaring, wouldn't you say? I was hoping to spare his feelings and simply let Paris cause a natural end. Is that what you're doing with me? Biding time until you can step into your preordained life full of architecture and fine cheese? - No! - With all the appropriate people! Of course not! How could you say such a thing? I guess I've never been good enough for you either. Don't you dare. I have always stood by you, from the first day we met. You're nullifying our whole friendship over this one small trespass! You'd never survive stepping into society with an urchin like me! Oh, here we go! Again! Anne Shirley Cuthbert and her tragical tale of woe! No one is more hurt than you, Anne. You win! No, Diana. You win. 'Cause the world always lets girls like you win. If you were my friend, you would understand. - Well, clearly you're not. - And you never were. Well... a true story. At last! I want my dowry. I have no plans to marry in the near future. It's mine, and I'm respectfully asking you for it now. It is only yours should I choose to give it to your husband. Have you gone mad? Did you receive your degree in education or clinical insanity? Harmon! Be kind. Prissy is developing an independent mind! All the girls are being lunatics. Everyone is overreacting. What is so wrong with the status quo? It put a roof over your head and nice clothes on your back, and we ladies didn't have to lift a finger. I am all for it. Judging by your less-than-magnanimous expression, Father, I'm going to guess that's a no. They wouldn't... not come? After all this? Have faith. Just a suggestion. Not telling you what to do. Welcome, welcome. Jane said you were doing something absolutely daft that she totally and fundamentally disagreed with. So I had come. May I join you? The more, the merrier. Our moment is near! Are you ready to fight for what's right? - Yeah!! - Got yours?! Here, Prissy. I brought extra. And you can use Diana's board. She won't be joining. Alright, let's make some noise! - Come join us at the town hall! - Let's go, come on! Come and join, come and join! - Let's go! The more, the merrier! - Everyone to the town hall! Come on, join in! On our way to Town Hall! Town Hall. Come. Come on. This way, everyone! Let's go! Alright. Heading into Town Hall now! - This way, everyone! - Let's go! This way! - This way, everybody! - ...inside! What in blazes is going on here? Excuse me, there is a meeting in session! If you don't mind! - For heaven's sake! - What the devil is... Good morning. What you are about to witness is an organized action. This is an outrage, that's what it is! - How dare you... - They have a right to their say! - What the devil is going on here? - Listen. We are not here to provoke! We are here... to be heard. Even though... you tried to silence our voices, well, we have a message for you. Go on, get up there. Go on. Now come along now, that's quite, quite enough. Get down from that... Thanks for the suggestions. Miss Stacy, control your children! They are not children. And they are not out of control. Well, are you pleased? I'm so happy Josie came. Try, try again. What do you think'll happen now? Definitely another electric, and properly edited, issue of the newspaper. And some general community enlightenment! Hopefully so. Thank you, Miss Stacy. I shall miss being under your wing when I'm at Queens. - You sure pulled that off. - We did. What in the world did you say to our class to make them change their minds about me? I... reminded them that you always find a way to make things right. Historical precedent would suggest otherwise. Speaking of which, shouldn't we be arguing about something right now? - Probably. - Hmm. You want to start? I can't think of anything. - Me neither. - Huh. After all these years, who knew we'd make such a good T-E-A-M? Winifred... is a lucky gal. Thank you for today and everything. I should get back. Ah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 