El Presidente: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 El Presidente 
 s1e8 - Todo Pasa - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 El Presidente (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Todo Pasa - full transcript 
 As Julio Grondona used to say, "Everything passes.". But what happened to Sergio Jadue? Everything. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DECEMBER 2010 SELECTION OF THE 2022 WORLD CUP HOST ZURICH / SWITZERLAND And yes, the beginning of the end. Our friend Sergio's first trip to Zürich, and he wasn't even president of the ANFP. Of course, his ambition was intact. I know what you're thinking. U$A DELEGATION TO FIFA What the hell are Americans doing here if they don't even know how to play soccer? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But they do know about politics. The delegation was led by Bill Clinton from his hotel room. And if a former US president lobbies to host the World Cup, then there must be something interesting about it. This is a picture from 1994, when we were still friends. If only we had known what was coming. The gringos went to Zürich with the hope of winning the 2022 World Cup, but they were facing the Qatar candidate, another soccer power that doesn't understand shit, $HEIKH HAMAD SHEIKH OF QATAR but has 1,500 oil wells. And we all know that money talks, and that there's a thin line between love and hate. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Especially with the Americans. Nobody's going to sit around and wait for the next World Cup. Who's gonna want to buy a jersey when it's 50 degrees in the shade? Gringos aren't stupid. They recognize business when they see it. And in this case, they had already made the initial investment. If anything happens, anything at all, we'll put out the fire. When this thing blows up, I may not be around anymore. I wish you the best of luck when the gringos strike back. Napoleon said, "Never interrupt your enemy when he's making a mistake." The worst thing for a Yankee is when the pie isn't divided properly. I mean, the way it suits them. They wanted to keep the business or, in other words, they wanted to host the World Cup. The World Cup. A beautiful business. If the Copa América is a ticket booth, the World Cup is Disney. So, ladies and gentlemen, we are witnessing day one of FIFA gate. They wanted to keep the soccer business, and they did it the best way they knew how. By dropping a bomb. PRESENT VIÑA DEL MAR / CHILE It's important to tell stories little by little. Even Jadue's, to whom everything happened so quickly. "Little by little"? Okay, João. Are you going to tell me how to do things here, too? Are you going to bust my balls forever? No offense, Julito, but this needs to be told in style. With some spice. Plain ol' truth isn't enough sometimes, eh, Julito? Okay, fine. A little spice wo n 't hurt. That's what I'm saying, Roberto. Tonight, Chile has a date with history. We finally have a competitive team and we can twist the hand of fate. I feel that the Chilean national team is at a top level, both in terms of sport and morale. And that's the most important thing, because today we can win, because we know how to play soccer. No, not because we are making calculations... Hey, you could give me some English lessons, couldn't you? FIFA GATE: JINKIS SURRENDERS TO JUSTICE Jinkis senior and junior surrendered before the United States at Judge Claudio Bonadio's office, where they are right now, and... ...and so we have to be proud and optimistic. Let's raise our flags, let's all shout, "Go Chile! Go..." Sergio, show a little dignity. You're not in a movie. I do see it as a movie. It's more entertaining that way. Nah, this is business. And the most important thing in business is to keep your feet on the ground. But that takes away the chance of flying. And that's what we do, Julito. We fly. Good morning, Checho. -Checho. -Get all the reporters out of here. I don't want a single reporter here. Please take the reporters out. Listen, I need you to sign the releases from the insurance, and also to confirm all the meetings that have taken place with the partners, so that we can close the balance sheet for the year. We need to schedule all the confirmed press conferences. You have an interview with the BBC, and also this morning some people from the United States called for an interview with a Jimmy... Jimmy... I don't know, I don't remember the name, but here... But, Checho, please. A signature at least. Fuck, Cecilia. -This is urgent. -Okay, now. This is my signature and this is me. Learn it and sign all this bullshit. -Bye, bye, bye. -But... -It looked bigger in the ad. -I'll knock 10% off. Give me a bad rating if you want, I don't care. Okay, thank you, Rosario! What seemed to be a typo now becomes a sensation on social media. A viral sensation. Hundreds of cuddly toys and hats with the official logo of the Copa América have flooded the beaches near Viña del Mar. EMBARRASSMENT FOR SERGIO JADUE Will Sergio Jadue remain in his position until 2105 after this latest embarrassment? If we win the Cup, there's always a good chance. Motherfucker! We're going to have to renegotiate the issue of my extradition, because I won't be able to leave. That's impossible. Well, it's either that or I have to leave my wife, understand? Yeah, so let's just hire some lawyers to help you with the divorce. No, I don't need any fucking divorce lawyers, because that's what I've hired you two for, idiots, and I pay you very well for that very reason, so I don't have to get a divorce. How are we going to fix this shit? With money, Jadue. With the same money you assholes are going to fix this FBI shit with, because nobody's going to ruin my life. Got it? Jadue was a poor fellow. Or a dumbass with power. A risk. I think Mr. Jadue works too much. He should take a break after the Cup. I mean, the two of you should... go away. You could go... to Miami. Buy dresses, toys for the kids. Buy those creams that give you that doll-like skin. Lucky Mr. Jadue, he's got it all. "2105" is the trending topic on all the social media sites, after the arrival of mislabeled merchandising commissioned by the ANFP. Internet users are reveling in the embarrassing m is take made by Sergio Jadue and company. .. The fucking FBI is all over me, my wife wants a divorce, and the whole country is making fun of me, dude. Me! Sergio Jadue. Sergio Jadue, who got them the fucking Copa América! And all for what? Because you, Jashir, are incapable of writing four fucking numbers in a row. Four fucking numbers in a row. You fucking asshole! What did you say to me, asshole? What did you say to me? Are you threatening me, you fucking faggot? Me? Threatening? No? "Fucking faggot"? "Fucking faggot." That's what you called me? "Fucking faggot"? The faggot that's been putting up with you all these years, you son of a bitch! Coward, liar. Say it again, "Fucking faggot." You know what? Kill me, asshole. -Kill me. -You want to die? -I have nothing to lose anyway. -Do you want to die? Die, you son of a bitch. Die. Shit! It's not like that, Sergio. I am a faggot. A big faggot, dude. The biggest faggot there is. You want me to suck your dick? But even I draw the line when it comes to the cops. And the fucking gringos. What the fuck, Checho? You have no codes. You'll end up alone. Alone, man. Your wife is going to leave you. You know why? Because you're a coward, because you got her into this mess and she doesn't know how to get out. I may be a faggot, but you're a pussy. Get out. Get out of my house. Get out of my house and shut the door behind you. Son of a bitch. Faggot, fucking faggot. Motherfucker. Hey, Jashir. I get it now. And I... I forgive you for the stuffed animals. The stuffed animals thing is not so bad. But I do need you to help me with... a fake passport. Dude, arrange it with Cecilia, for tomorrow. It's urgent. And it's all good. Everything's fine between us. Okay? We're friends. You're forgiven, dude. I forgive you. Okay? Nené, princess. Hey, let me in the house, it's time for me to come back. I know I screwed up and I'm sorry, okay? But I also know we're a team, and I'm sure we can work it out like we've always done, Nené, like the family we are. Let me come in, I beg you. Hi, Daddy. Mommy's not here. Sabja? Shit. Nené. Hey... Well, this house is mine, understand? I bought this house, damn it! Hey, what's the use of all the effort I made if I have to be out here freezing my ass off like a beggar? Sabja. Nené, I beg you, please. Open the door and let's talk about it. I'm going to kick the door down, motherfucker. I'm going to kick the door down. Good one, Jadue. For the Cup. -Chi-Chi-Chi, le-le-le! -Chile. What happened? I'm glad you came. Harris, I need to ask you a favor. I've been thinking about this trip thing, and it's... I'm really worried, you know? Because... I don't really understand how this works, okay? I don't know what I'm going to do with my family, my children. I don't know which school I'm going to... put them in, if we have to change our names. I don't know what we're going to do, how we're going to get in, how we're going to stay... Gimme a break, is that why you called? Help me, please. Look, look. I'm asking you... A few more days, okay? A few more days. So I can organize myself better. Look, look. Look. I have these tickets for the final. You can have them. They're really good seats, row D. Okay? So you can join us. Please, I'm begging you. Yes. I need it, yes, yes. But I can't, I can't. We leave on Monday. Whatever your family does, you start packing, asshole. Lisa... I'll keep the tickets. Hey, wait. But if... If you do need it, Harris... Hey, please. Harris, hey. Yeah, go fuck yourself then, motherfucker! Fucking gringo! Fuck you, bitch! Fucking bitch. Go to hell, motherfucker! Ungrateful bitch! Fuck you! Well, I got this one from a gallery in New York. I think it could sell for a good price, right? Do you think you could help me sell it? Nené, why don't you start doing things properly? You're entitled to half of everything, wherever it comes from. Did Sergio ask for your permission to hit you? No, right? Then start with the formalities and get this over with. So that's how it works? She fills your head with crazy ideas, and then you do the same to Sabja and me to turn us against Dad? -Nico, don't be rude. -How can I be sure that Dad hit you? I didn't see it. You're a liar. And you're an old bitch. It's very dangerous to turn against the person who's been washing your dirty laundry for your whole life. You think it didn't hurt me to report your father? And have everyone find out? You know why I dropped the charges? No? You're a teenager, Nico. You don't understand anything. You're angry at life, but I appreciate your honesty. You got that from me, not your father. Hey, Domingo, where are you from? My family is from Haiti, but I'm as Chilean as anyone. It can't be easy. Being away from your homeland and your family, your friends... It's difficult because you're in a new country, and although you learn their language, their dialect, their culture, they still see you as a foreigner. And isn't there anything good about being a foreigner and living abroad? "Tindel." You know Tindel? Chilean girls love black guys on Tindel. They call me "the black man with flow." Hey, do you ever regret coming here? Honestly, no, I don't regret it. My whole past life seems like some kind of dream. The good and the bad. But here we are. Surviving. -Okay, keep it. -Thank you. Thanks, huh? Your cigarettes. Thanks. - Sergito? -Father Andrés? Tell me what you need. A blessing? I need to confess. Look, I didn't know you were so religious, Sergio. Tomorrow, the Cup will be ours. You'll see, man. Hey, Father. Don't you ever wonder what you're doing here? Hey, don't be nervous. You deserve everything that's happening to you. I have sinned, Father. I've sinned so much that I don't even know where to begin anymore. All the deadly sins are weighing on me. Wrath, pride, gluttony. Gluttony for food, gluttony for money. I'm hungry for power. Goodbye, Father. Yes, the time has come. Today is the final of the 2015 Copa América. Argentina and Chile are playing for the title. Today, more than ever, our beloved Reds, today can be a historic day. Chile knows it and all the Chileans from Arica to Punta Arenas are nervous. We feel the pressure. We feel the anxiety, but hope is alive, folks. We're hopeful because there are lions on the pitch today, a golden generation that can stand face-to-face against any opponent. .. Let's be honest, ladies. How many more finals will there be in your lifetime? Against Argentina, in Chile... It's true. Five hundred dollars each. Expensive. I'll give you four hundred. Every time you lowball me, the price goes up. Five hundred and fifty, ma'am. Five hundred and fifty. -Hey, girl. Here's the money. -No, no. -Hey, now, give it to me. -Six hundred because I like you. Churros, 60 cents! Churros! Come on, come on, Chileans Tonight, we have to win Let's go, Reds! You okay, Chechito? You need something? Today Chile puts everything on the line against Argentina in the Copa América. But Sergio and Nené were already playing their own final. Cecilita, could you join them for a moment, please? -Thank you. -Okay. Yes. I'll catch up with you, huh? Go ahead. Come here. Why don't you change that look on your face, huh? And if I don't, what? Are you going to change it with a one-two combo? You're going to start with that now? It was only one time, Nené. Only once. That shit, Olivia, is brainwashing you, isn't she? I'm glad Nicolás told me, huh? Nicolás is your informant? -Okay, Sergio. Good. -Poor thing, Nené. Poor thing. What do you think the newspapers are going to say tomorrow? How could Nené not know anything? How is it that Nené never knew where the money for her jewelry and luxury goods was coming from? Nobody will believe you, you shitty bitch. Well, if they ask, I'll tell them the truth. The truth is we're going to the United States. That's the truth. The truth is I got you out of La Calera and now we're going to America, okay? Everyone is going to envy us. Nobody likes a snitch, Sergio. No one envies you. Everything I've done was for us, you fool. Everything. I gave you money, I gave you prestige and I got you out of the hole you were in. And not only that, I also raised that idiot Nicolás, who isn't even my son, okay? That's low even for you, Sergio. And I can sink even lower. So, be very careful, Nené. I'll only warn you once. You leave me and take the children, bitch, and I'm capable of killing myself. I swear I'll kill myself. What would the young Jadue from La Calera say, so hopeful with all that was to come? How can you blame him? Anyone would crack under all that pressure. History is already in motion, ladies and gentlemen. History is being written in Chilean soccer. The grand final of the Copa América has begun. This is the team that moves us. This is the team we carry in our hearts. Argentina has control of the ball in the middle of the field. Nicolás Otamendi takes it and keeps it. It connects with Marcos Rojo. He hits it. Get out. Go, go, go! There they go! Go, go, go! There, there, there! Go, go, go! Emotional, folks, what we're going through. It's being played at the national stadium. Watch out, Chile! The ball is being controlled by Higuaín, who is looking for Kun Agüero. Motherfucker! There! Listen to what I'm saying, moron! Look, look, look! Hey, hey! I'm talking to you, motherfucker. Aren't you listening to me? Chile controls the ball in the midfield. He's going to hit it... he hit it! Saved! Claudio Bravo was remarkable there. Claudio Bravo was brilliant, ladies and gentlemen! Come on, Alexis! Alexis puts so much heart into it. He falls down, gets up and pushes forward with even more drive. This is Chile... Come on, come on, come on. People, cheer! Hey! Come on, Chile, come on! Here it is. Two actors in one scene. Pipa Higuaín is going to take it. He takes a run up. Bravo is there... He missed. Unbelievable. He missed, ladies and gentlemen. -Pipa Higuaín! Unbelievable! He missed. -Motherfucker. What a dream moment! Sánchez for the final penalty. Come on, Alexis, huh? Let's be cool, huh? Let's focus. We're there... Let's be very, very relaxed, okay? Nice and easy, huh? It's now or never, ladies and gentlemen. If the "Wonder Boy" scores, the Copa América stays here. Ladies and gentlemen, it's... Goal! At last, at last, at last! At last Chile, champion of the Copa América. Thank you, God, for witnessing this wonderful moment. Ladies, gentlemen, today more than ever, Chile owes nothing to history! Chile is the champion of the Copa América! You owe all of this to Don Julio. And will they live happily ever after? No. Who likes happy endings? Happiness is tranquility. People want to see action. Your friend Sergio sends his regards. Jashir, we're champions! Chi-Chi-Chi, le-le-le, long live Chile! Olé, olé, olé, olé, Chile, Chile! Long live Chile, Jashir! We're champions! -We're champions! -Get going. Get going right now! Get going, man, go! Let's go, let's go, man. GO CHILE We're leaving. Look. Joy can be so simple. Ball, dribble, pass, goal. But then you want more. Running a club, running a national team... It's just that we all want more action. I told you. And yes, sometimes we need action so badly, that we end up seeing a foul where there was just dribbling. I'm exhausted, boys. FÁTIMA TRAVEL & TOURISM But I knew it before Alexis' goal. -Since when? -Since Higuaín screwed up. That's when I said, "We've won." What a beautiful feeling! Jadue family, international champions! I'm Chilean It's a feeling I can't stop it! Olé, olé, olé We are the champions. Mexican? We'll be in a tomb or be free! Venezuelan? Yes, the Chileans took the day off to celebrate. Go, Chile! Go, Chile! Go, Chile! -Does it hurt? -No, it's okay now. He chipped it, Doctor. Sánchez scored with a chip. Thank you. DPI? Lisa Harris, FBI agent. WELCOME TO LA CALERA DPI - DEPARTMENT OF CHILEAN POLICE INVESTIGATIONS I arranged the meeting at 8:00. It's 9:30. Did you know that Chile won the championship last night? For the first time in history. Where are the other patrols? I asked for seven. Good morning. Who do we have to arrest? Sergio Jadue. Jadue... Jadue? And the second subject with an arrest warrant... His name is Jashir Alabí. He's more dangerous. Excuse me... You know who Sergio Jadue is, don't you? Yes, I know perfectly well who Sergio Jadue is. I want us to set up a perimeter between this street and the parallels. A patrol car will move towards the red house on the corner... They want to take Checho. Spread the word. I'm Caleran before I'm Chilean. We're here to celebrate the life and work of our great friend and colleague, our soccer father, Mr. Sergio Jadue. We're also here to celebrate our first Copa América, achieved thanks to his outstanding and unbeatable management. THANK YOU CALERAN SERGIO JADUE Bravo! Jadue, Jadue, Jadue! Jadue, Jadue, Jadue! Jadue, Jadue, Jadue! I'm one of those people who thinks that you should never forget where you come from, your origins, and I think that's even more important than knowing where you're going. Right? You may think that's not true, but I'm not lying to you. I often wonder how I got here, so to speak. Thank you for the Cup, President! Bravo! Bravo! Bravo! HERE LIES THE FRIEND, FATHER, CALERAN AND PUBLIC FIGURE SERGIO JADUE CALERAN PRESIDENT OF THE ANFP 1979-2015 And now, Sergito, the police are looking for you. If I were him, I'd shake off my hangover and start running. Checho is innocent! USE IT WELL J Fucking Jashir! Motherfucker! Fucking asshole! Chechito. Mrs. Fátima! FBI, Agent Harris! Open up! FBI! We're here to apprehend Mr. Sergio Jadue. His car is here outside. -Go away! -Open up, please! Open up! Mrs. Fátima Kassab Nader, open the door, please. Sergio Jadue, I know you're in there! Open the door or I'll knock it down. FBI! I saw you, ma'am! Mrs. Fátima, stop pushing on the window, okay? -Go away! -Madam, Mrs... -FBI, open the window, please. -Sabjita, Nico. Fátima Kassab Nader! -What do you want, miss? -Can you open the door, please? -No, I won't open it. -Where's Mr. Jadue? -It's all right. -What's going on? What's going on? No, nothing is happening, Sabjita. We're just going for a walk. -You're lying to me. -I'm not lying to you. -You're not lying to me? -You're very aggressive, miss. If you know we're the police, you can't lie to the police. He's not here, I told you. Am I speaking Chinese? Let's see, ma'am, can you open the door for me, please? Now, let's go. I'm not going to open the door because this is a travel agency and we're closed today. And besides, it's my house, and I don't have to welcome you. You can't treat me like a criminal. I'll see you later. Dad, please explain. Don Ramiro. Do you still have your taxi? -Dad, where the fuck are we going? -Hey, watch your language, huh? What do you want me to do? You're kidnapping us. You promised you'd stand by your dad through thick and thin. What did Mom want you to tell us? Tell me the truth! I thought this was a story about soccer. You have to start looking at things from a different perspective, Don Julio. Maybe this was never a story about soccer. -Dad, be sensible... -No, I'm sick of being sensible, okay? Of having to protect you assholes, of having to protect my money, of having to bring a fucking Copa América to Chile. A hundred years went by, and I had to do it. There's no sign of Jashir Alabí. Okay. I can't take it anymore. Sabjita, did you know I have more responsibilities than the Pope? I'm the guy under the most pressure in all of Latin America. Get it? I can't take it anymore. I'm finally going to be free, man. Free! Now, finally. Can you speed up a bit? We're only authorized for urban pursuit. We don't get paid for out-of-city travels. Besides, they're broadcasting the game again this afternoon. Chile, what a country. Dad! I want Mommy. You want Mommy? Yeah, let's just call Mommy. Sergio, where the fuck are you? Listen to me, you're not thinking clearly, stop the car. Stop the car, come home and we'll talk. Yeah, no, look. Hey, listen to me. We're going to Argentina, okay? We're going, we're going. I'm going to pick you up right now, and I know I fucked up, but I'm also sure that, as a family, we can start over. -So pack your things. -Listen to me. -Not too much, something light... -Listen to me, Sergio. Everything is going to be okay. We're going to be all right. I'll come and get you, okay? -Mom. -Sabja? Sabja, my... Mom. I want the kids in the house now, Sergio. Yeah, we're going to get Mommy. -Mom. -Okay? It's all good. Fucking shit! Sergio Jadue, you are under arrest pending extradition to the United States. This doesn't make any sense. I did everything you asked. I respected all the agreements, all the conditions. What about this? I had nothing to do with that. Don't play dumb. You were never good at lying, asshole. The media is accusing you of being an FBI collaborator, Sergio. They say if you collaborated, it's because you had something to hide. The media can say whatever they want. They can say that I'm a thief, that I'm a liar, whatever they want, immoral. But for them to say I'm capable of stabbing someone, Nené... You're an idiot, but you don't have the guts. Exactly. Someone has to think clearly, Sergio. And it's clear to me that it's not going to be you. This marriage is over, but we're still partners. And I'm not going to leave empty-handed. Sergio. Sergio. What we need is some gasoline. Where did you put it? "It" what? Listen to what I'm saying. Where did you put... everything? Jashir. He took everything. What the fuck, you asshole? I asked you to do one thing and you did it all wrong. All wrong. Actually, we have something left. You know perfectly well that Sergio couldn't have sent Jashir. He has his limitations, but he's not a bad guy. Jashir has no heart. He even stole our savings. Sergio is a great guy. He's good. Are you sure? He can be violent, he can be impulsive, but he would never do something like this, you know that. You know him better than I do, don't you? I've been talking to him and I think there's a way you can help us help you. I know you need the money. I have my phone. If you need anything, call me. Sir, this dolphin is a valuable piece. Mom, do you know where my teddy bear is? Yes, confirmed. See you at 11:00 at the airport. What's the reason for your trip, Sergio? Are you going to testify before the FBI? Are you going to resign from the ANFP? -Jadue, one question. -Is there a chance you'll resign? -For... vacation with my family. -Just on vacation? For a couple of months. -Are you going to testify before the FBI? -Are you going to resign from the ANFP? SANTIAGO AIRPORT Julio, as you well know, everything passes. Yeah. How are you? Hey, Harris, if it makes you feel any better, remember you didn't steal anything. Right? It's just a payment I'm making you. Easier, right? -Oh, how we've gotten to know each other. -Pretty good. Harris, thanks for everything. No hard feelings. -Hey, hey, hey, what's this? -What's the matter? It's not what we discussed. This ain't a charity. I want payment for my work. You said so yourself, man. -Hey, I have a family to support. -I don't give a shit about your family. Unbelievable, that's rather unfriendly of you. Okay. It's okay, there's no problem. Greedy as ever, huh? -I feel that's more than enough. -Damn it. Don't be an asshole, man. Okay? We've gotten way off track , João. Sergio Jadue running from the FBI? Sergio wouldn't even jump a fence. I said, "I'm going to tell the story with some spice." And that's what I did. I understand your love for marketing and show business, but this is too much. Sergio Jadue never tried to run away or kidnap his kids. Nor did he point a gun at anyone to get what he wanted. Arturo Vidal never kissed Nené. And if he did, we don't know. In real life, things didn't happen like that. Do you want to know what the end was like for this guy? ATTENTION: ALL OF THE FOLLOWING IS BASED ON REAL EVENTS Yes. My friend Sergio cooperated. NOVEMBER 23, 2015 NEW YORK / UNITED STATES Sergio Jadue, you are pleading guilty... If I had to say something about my guys, it's that, despite being sloppy and ignoring my advice, once they got caught, they knew how to work it pretty well, each in his own way. LUI$ CHIRIBOGA - CHARGE$ (ECUADOR): MONEY LAUNDERING The Ecuadorian managed to get his sentence reduced FINE OF $5 MILLION DOLLARS +6 YEAR$ OF PRI$ON by paying a small fine of only $5 million. Imagine what he had stored. For his sentence, the Uruguayan sold off his two apartments , EUGENIO FIGUEREDO - CHARGE$ (URUGUAY): FRAUD + MONEY LAUNDERING in Punta del Este and his house in Carrasco. $1.8 MILLION DOLLAR$ TO THE $TATE + 6 YEAR$ OF HOU$E ARRE$T But don't worry, recently he was seen having dinner with friends at the yacht club i n Montevideo. Esquivel invested in his future, and his kids threw in a few pesos to post bail. RAFAEL E$QUIVEL - CARGO$ (USA): ORGANIZED CRIME + ELECTRONIC FRAUD MONEY LAUNDERING - $1.8 MILLION DOLLAR$ TO REDUCE THE SENTENCE God bless them. $7 MILLION BAIL + HOU$E ARRE$T The former president of CONMEBOL couldn't avoid prison. He was a cook at the New York jail, JUAN ÁNGEL NAPOUT - CHARGE$ (USA): ELECTRONIC FRAUD + ORGANIZED CRIME earning $19 a month, but food and shelter were included, so it was pure savings. BAIL OF $20 MILLION DOLLARS + 3.3 MILLION CONFISCATED +1 MILLION FINE +9 YEAR$ OF PRI$ON + 2 PROBATION Us Brazilians really know how to live. JO$É MARÍA MARÍN - CHARGE$ (USA): ORGANIZED CRIME + BANK FRAUD Marin is awaiting his sentence in his apartment in Trump Tower. + 4 YEAR$ OF PRI$ON + $12 MILLION FINE + 3.3 MILLION CONFISCATED $20 MILLION DOLLAR$ OF BAIL FOR HI$ HOU$E ARRE$T Luisito also cooperated with the gringos. Truth is, I never liked this Colombian guy. LUI$ BEDOYA - COOPERATED WITH THE FBI + $1 MILLION DOLLAR$ BAIL = $ENTENCE DEFERRED FOR $IXTH TIME IN OCTOBER 2019 Alejandro Burzaco sang like a bird. ALEJANDRO BURZACO COOPERATED $21.6 MILLION DOLLARS BAIL He collaborated with the gringos and revealed every secret from his former CONMEBOL colleagues. A true friend. $ENTENCE POSTPONED IN FEBRUARY 2019, FOR $IX MONTH$ Marianito Jinkis left Full Play and went into a different business. He continues to make money in Argentina, from where he can't leave because of his problems with Interpol. And my friend Hawilla served the dish of revenge cold. CHARGE$ (USA): ORGANIZED CRIME - ELECTRONIC FRAUD MONEY LAUNDERING OB$TRUCTION OF JU$TICE $151 MILLION DOLLAR$ CONFI$CATED And he collaborated, too. Harris retired from the FBI. There are many stories . That she took the money to her sister and lived happily ever after, that she was seen throwing up mezcal in Mexico, that she wrote a best-seller. Some even say she's a fictional character. Jashir doesn't exist either, he's fiction, but it would be a nice ending to see him skinny-dipping in the sea, don't you think? JUNE 13, 2018 ELECTION OF THE HO$T OF THE WORLD CUP 2026 There are no good or bad people here, only businesses changing hands. History is always told by the winners. In other words, history should be told by the United States, but somewhere between the truth and the lies, there are mysteries. Where did all that money go after the Cup? WHEN THEY DID THE ACCOUNTS FOR THE COPA AMÉRICA THE ANFP WAS LEFT WITH A DEBT OF 12 BILLION PESOS. PLUS $3.5 MILLION DOLLAR$ THAT DISAPPEARED. ITS WHEREABOUTS... STILL UNKNOWN Jadue never spoke to the press again. This is his most recent photo. Sergito is irresistible, huh? Top three things on my bucket list Fall in love, Go on a safari, Drive a race car, Go on a wine tour in Napa Everything blew over for Sergio Jadue. Maybe he caught a break, because bad people never die, but someone always pays. And in this case, as in many other stories of corrupt men, MARÍA INÉS FACUSE (NENÉ) SAID TO HAVE SEPARATED FROM $ERGIO JADUE his wife ended up paying. IN HIS OWN WORDS, $ERGIO DOES NOT SUPPORT HER FINANCIALLY Goal! But what are you doing, motherfucker? See, dude? I should be there. So it seems. But enough about Sergio Jadue and Julio Grondona. Now it's my turn to recount how it all began. THIS DRAMATIZATION IS INSPIRED BY REAL EVENTS. HOWEVER, CERTAIN SCENES, CHARACTERS, NAMES, BUSINESSES, INCIDENTS, LOCATIONS AND EVENTS HAVE BEEN FICTIONALIZED FOR DRAMATIC PURPOSES. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 