Wicked Tuna: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wicked Tuna 
 s5e1 - Episode #5.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wicked Tuna (2012–…): Season 5, Episode 1 - Episode #5.1 - full transcript 
 A new fishing season begins, and everyone is angling to bring in the first catch. Captain Dave Marciano is desperate to recover his finances after a bad season down south, while bitter ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: On the season premiere of Wicked Tuna... TYLER: Ahh! MIKE: Oh, my God, I got him, I got him. NARRATOR: This year, every captain has something to prove. MARCIANO: What we accomplished last season wasn't a fluke. TYLER: A lot of the fleet have questioned my ability as a captain, but this season, that all changes. DAVE: My driving force is to prove that we can be the number one boat in the fleet again. TJ: We've been an average boat for the last few seasons, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and we don't want to be just the average boat anymore. TYLER: Woo-hoo-hoo, wow. NARRATOR: But to land the ocean's most prized catch, giant bluefin tuna... TYLER: How do you like that, baby? Woo! JARRETT: Oh, my God! SANDRO: Yes! NARRATOR: Gloucester's best fishermen will have to fight the elements. MAN: Whoa! DAVE: Get back, you better get down here! NARRATOR: And each other. TYLER: No one likes you, bro! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ERIN: Woo, shots fired! NARRATOR: Every trip is a gamble. MARCIANO: Damn it! PETE: Oh, ah! NARRATOR: But the rewards can be huge. JARRETT: Yeah! NARRATOR: If they can catch Wicked Tuna. Last season, family operation Hard Merchandise was the top-earning boat in the fleet, followed closely by Pinwheel. and Hot Tuna languished behind. But on opening day of the new season, it's a clean slate for all the boats. ♪ ♪ [horn blows] [seagulls squawking] ♪ ♪ MARCIANO: My name is Dave Marciano, and I'm the captain of the Hard Merchandise. ♪ ♪ My entire life I've been fishing out of Gloucester, Massachusetts. It's America's oldest seaport, and for almost 400 years, fishing has been the lifeblood of this town. [seagulls squawking] [church bells ringing] Are you ready for the first trip of the season? The opening day of the bluefin tuna season is something we always look forward to. It's official, the turtle has entered the race. Everyone wants to be first to land one of these big money fish. TYLER: Grab that fin, come on! MARCIANO: They're the most prized fish in the world. ALL: Yeah! Woo! MARCIANO: Those first fish can get as much as $20,000. TJ: Oh! MARCIANO: Wow! But first, you've got to find 'em. You get tips from other fishermen, from fish buyers, anywhere you can find 'em. This week, they've been spotted in the cold waters up off of Maine, so that's where we're heading. But once we're there, we still have to lure them in. We might have them in the chum. ♪ ♪ [beeping] One shot up above 10, coming up right on the bow rod. Come on. Stick with me, baby. Got three of them, four of them! Come on, bite me. Damn! [reel ticking] [reel unspooling] JAY: We're getting a bite; we're getting a bite! JOE: Alright, we're on! We're on! MARCIANO: Alright, I'm coming, I'm coming. There's nothing like the feeling when the line goes off. JAY: He's a screamer! MARCIANO: You can feel the adrenaline rush. JAY: First fish of the season, Joe! JOE: First fish of the season, it's a great start. Seems like a good one. Oh, yeah, he's taking some line. MARCIANO: There's just one goal, land this fish. ♪ ♪ Color! We got color! First fish of the season, boys! The pressure is intense. Come on, fish! In the boat! ♪ ♪ [snap] We lost him. And that's fishing for ya. But you keep your chin up and you keep it going. At least we know there's fish up here in Maine. Let's get back there and see if we can get a keeper. Fishing is not an easy way to make a living, but this is what I do, and I wouldn't have it any other way. ♪ ♪ DAVE: This is it, boys. Let's make it happen. It's the first day of the season, and I could not be more excited. Nothing's stopping us this year, and we are going on a warpath. We're going to Maine, and we got to get it done. Maine is where all the bait is, and that's why these bluefin tuna go there: to feed and to fatten up. From Gloucester, it's an 80-mile trip to Maine waters. It's a big gamble, we're gonna burn some fuel, but no risk, no reward. You got to be in the right place at the right time, and that's not luck. Last year we were not on top, It's definitely the best tuna boat out there right now. I got to catch fish in order for me to keep this boat, otherwise I can go belly up. SANDRO: Rock and roll. Let's do this. DAVE: Sandro's gonna be my guy, and then I'm gonna have Geordie as my deckhand. We're here to prove that we can be the number one boat in the fleet, period. Put our head down on the grindstone. Stay dialed in, stay out, get it done. Season's on. Let's get it done. This boat will be on top again this year. You can count on that. TJ: Alright, bluefin, here we come, baby. It's gonna be extremely competitive this year. We want to win this thing, there's no sitting at the dock, there's no playing games. We've been kind of middle-of-the-pack guys, and we don't want to finish in the middle of the fleet anymore. We're just gonna have to grind, grind, grind, grind, grind. This year, more than any other year, I really feel like I need to prove that we're still one of the best boats in this Gloucester fleet. JARRETT: What do you think? Huh? You ready, Ripple? TJ: We got to stick to our game, and at the end of the season, I know it's gonna put us at the top. There's a lot at stake for us. The guys need to make money, I need to make money. We're going for first this season. Drop the anchor. TYLER: We are ready. It's tuna time, baby. We got a lot riding on this season. Last year, we had a really good year, caught a lot of fish, made a lot of money, Marciano beat us out there at the end. I'm really hungry and I want to be the winner. And I want to be the number one boat in Gloucester, that's what it's all about. The last two seasons, I haven't been able to keep a consistent crew from one year to the next, and a lot of the fleet has criticized my leadership because of it. But this season, I finally have a salty mate on board. Take the stick and cleat it off to the wheelhouse or whatever. TYLER: I got a lot of work to do, and I'm really counting on Drake to help me get to the top. DRAKE: I'm 19 years old, but I've been fishing for bluefin since I was 12. Tyler reached out to me to come fishing this year, and I think he did that because he knows I can get the job done. TYLER: He knows what I expect from a mate this season, and he can deliver. So I'm confident that we're gonna be a force to be reckoned with. Let it go! DAVE: Look at this, look at all the life here. SANDRO: It's unbelievable. DAVE: There's got to be tunas in here. Couple feeds going on in front of us. SANDRO: Doesn't get much more better-looking than this. [barking] TJ: We stopped here 'cause we noticed some whales were diving, like they were actively feeding. You know, they were pretty aggressive, so, see what we mark. I hope we get one to bend the rod. GEORDIE: Whoa, coming up! SANDRO: Whoa. GEORDIE: There's two there. DAVE: Yeah, a pair. SANDRO: Watch that one. There's three of them now. GEORDIE: Look at it, it came all the way up to 80. [beeping] TJ: There they are, 100 feet. Oh, God, watch the down rods. Oh, baby. [beeping] TYLER: That's him right there, dude, at 22 fathoms. Alright, let's get serious. DRAKE: Yeah, it's him. That's a nice mark right there. Getting up on that bait. That's a good mark. DAVE: On the down, on the down, on the down. GEORDIE: He's up above it now. DAVE: This is the moment that we've been waiting for since the end of last season. It's game time. GEORDIE: Still coming, 90 feet. Still coming. [beeping] TJ: Oh, they're coming up, baby, in your chum, man. TIM: Watch our down rod. Oh, my God. I just threw a ton of chum, too. Keep an eye out, man. This is a streak and a half. TJ: If we can get this first fish to bite, it would put us way ahead of the rest of the fleet. MIKE: 100 feet, coming up to 50. [beeping] TYLER: That's him, bro. That's why we are here. We're marking more and more. One of these rods is gonna go off any second. DAVE: There he is, there he is. TYLER: Come on, tunas. Come on, man! Why can't we get a bite? [dog barking] BRANDON: We're on, we're on, we're on. Oh, we're on. TJ: Someone's hooked up? BRANDON: Yeah, we're on, baby! We're on! TYLER: Who is that? PETE: Damn it, man. DAVE: It's the Erin & Sarah. It's Pete Speeches. He's hooked up. PETE: Erin, get on the controls. BRANDON: Alright. PETE: My name is Pete Speeches; I'm the owner and captain of the Erin & Sarah. I've been fishing out of Portland, Maine, for over 25 years, and I've caught hundreds of bluefin. Straighten it out. I'm here this season to show the guys in Gloucester that I'm a force to be dealt with on the water. That I'm in it to win it. I could be a problem for them. And I think they know it. Good. Neutral. PETE: There he is. Having this fish hooked up amongst the fleet is great. If we can land this fish, it'll be the first one landed, and it could be a good shot in the arm financially. DAVE: If he gets that fish, it's gonna be the first fish of the season. That's gonna be a money fish, if he gets it. I know Pete. I've met him a few times on the water, and I know this: he's probably not all that happy to see all of us up here in Maine. What about Tyler and TJ? SANDRO: They're watching just like us. TYLER: Aw, Pete's got him on, man. He's got a bent rod, dude. Damn it! PETE: Go hard right. ERIN: Let's go, boys. I'm Erin Speeches. Pete is my dad. I've never worked for my dad as a full-time mate, so this is new to me. This is taking it to a whole new level. I'm not just going out for the ride; I'm going out here because this is my job. PETE: Okay, 10 degrees to the right. BRANDON: My name is Brandon Pierce, and I'm the first mate on the Erin & Sarah. I do the grunt work on the rod, and I'm here to put fish on the boat. PETE: Forward bump, five degrees left. This ain't gonna work. Gonna walk him past TJ. ♪ ♪ [reel unspooling] TJ: Wait a minute, are we on? Are we on? MIKE: We on? JARRETT: Got it! [dog barking] TJ: Got him on, baby! Nice and easy, guys. If we can land this fish, not only will it put us at the top of the fleet, but it could also be a huge payout to start the season. Every boat is after that right now. TIM: Don't run up on him, TJ. TIM: Good sign, I like this when they really run out hard like this. [reel unspooling] DAVE: TJ, and he is down and tight, backing down. We got to get a bite here. TYLER: Kind of sucks, man, TJ and Pete both, and it's like a joke. DRAKE: I know, dude; it sucks! ♪ ♪ BRANDON: TJ's tight, too, now. PETE: He is, or you think he is? BRANDON: I don't know, like he just turned, I don't know if he is. PETE: I hope we can get out of this intact. 'Cause if the lines get twisted, one person or the other is probably gonna lose a fish, or both. So it's a very dangerous, very stressful situation. We got to get that fish out of the way so we can just settle in on the fight. ERIN: Nice job, Brandon. Good job. PETE: I'm tight here, I don't know what's going on with you. [dog barking] TIM: Yup. TJ: Both fish are swimming toward each other. And if their fish crosses lines with ours, the tension could snap our line, and our paycheck could be gone. PETE: He's got a nice rod bend going. Now we just got to have good luck from the tuna gods, be able to land 'em. Let's go, Brandon. Nice and smooth. Nice and smooth. BRANDON: Pete, the fish is running hard. PETE: Yeah. BRANDON: It's going straight for TJ. TJ: Where's your fish? Go get height. Go! Go! PETE: Trying to get him out of here, just going right for ya. TJ: Chase it down, chase it down! BRANDON: We're losing it! BRANDON: Keep it tight, keep it tight, keep it tight! Pete, the fish is running hard. PETE: Yeah? BRANDON: He's going straight for TJ! ERIN: Our fish is headed directly towards TJ's boat. They're fighting a fish as well. So we're trying to move our fish out of the way. So the lines don't cross and snap. TJ: Go get height, go, go! PETE: Trying to get him out of here, just going for right for you. TJ: Chase it down! Chase it down! BRANDON: We're losing it! PETE: Let's go, Brandon. Good job, good job. Keep him tight. Keep him tight! Yeah, keep going. TIM: Forward, forward. TJ: Hopefully, you know, he's hooked right and get him close to the boat and pray to God we can get him. Stay down. Stay down. PETE: Keep it tight, keep it tight, keep it tight! Alright, we're clear. Good job, Brandon. ERIN: Nice job, Brandon. BRANDON: I got the fish paddling on the surface right now. He hasn't really gone down much, so, like, he's not playing by the rules. The longer he's on, the better chance we have of bad things happening. ERIN: Let's go! Reel! PETE: Quick one in and out. Okay, stop, neutral. ♪ ♪ Got him. Yep. ERIN: Nice shot. BRANDON: Nice. PETE: Gaff, Erin. BRANDON: I got it. PETE: Tail rope. ERIN: Hurry up, we need to get a tail rope on. PETE: Tail rope, left side. BRANDON: Other side? PETE: Left side. MARCIANO: First fish of the season is not on the Dot Com. SANDRO: Very, very, very early in the season. DAVE: Pete has probably caught more fish than any of us have, ever. And I know this: he's all about business. He's been fishing for bluefin out of Maine for decades. He knows the waters up here better than anyone. And even if you take him out of Maine and you put him elsewhere, he could still adapt and he could still execute. BRANDON: 91. ERIN: Hell, yeah. Woo. PETE: Good job. DAVE: That guy is definitely top-notch, he's one of the best fishermen around. He's good, man. He's good. [reel cranking] TJ: He's probably 40, 50 feet away. Get him. Get the harpoon. Swing him to your right. Swing him to your right. Looks like the Erin & Sarah might have landed their fish. So, I've got to concentrate on making sure we land ours. It'll come right back at you. Right here, Dad. ♪ ♪ Yeah. TIM: Got him! Watch your feet, watch your feet, watch your feet. TJ: Take your time. JARRETT: I'm trying, man! TJ: Don't lose our fish. JARRETT: Want to get another dart in it? MIKE: Yeah, I'm coming around! JARRETT: I got to push. TIM: Come on over here, right here, Michael, here! MIKE: I'm trying. I'm trying. JARRETT: He's coming in right there. TIM: Get the tail gaff. Tail gaff! JARRETT: Grab a tail gaff, I got it. TJ: I got to get a tail-- I'm trying to help you. Yeah. Here! Jarrett! Jarrett! TIM: I got him. JARRETT: TJ's left. TJ's left! TJ: Jarrett's got him. TIM: He's gonna come off. JARRETT: He's got it! Jeez. TJ: Good job. JARRETT: Woo-hooo! TJ: Alright! JARRETT: Three on the dart shots, huh? Oh, thank God. TJ: Anytime you catch a fish, it's a great feeling. Especially one that we had to work this hard for. But to catch a fish in front of all these guys definitely sends a message. JARRETT: Got him! We needed that one big time, man. TYLER: Come on. We got to get our first fish. It's a bummer, dude. I can't believe that TJ and Pete both have fish. That's not how I wanted to start the season out. We got to catch some fish like that ourselves. ♪ ♪ MARCIANO: One little blurp of fish and that's it? We'll sit here another hour. And then we'll bug out to catch-- you know unless we catch a-- if we catch a keeper, that'll change the plan but, uh... JAY: Yeah. MARCIANO: We'll sit there until sunset and see what happens. Last year, we finished at the top of the fleet. But then we went fishing down south in North Carolina, and we didn't catch a single keeper tuna. We lost a lot of money. So we really need to turn this around, and we need to turn it around fast. There's a fish. Trick seems to be hooking them now. Let's just hope he sticks with us. Right up there, up and down, up and down. [beeping] JAY: Uh, we're on something. MARCIANO: One up high, one down low! MARCIANO: I'm on it. Alright. [reel unspooling] JAY: Hook, we're on! JOE: Here we go. Here we go! MARCIANO: We're on! We're on! MARCIANO: I'll get you some gloves. JAY: Oh, it just hooked up on the outside rod! It's way out on top! Hopefully it's a nice fish. MARCIANO: Clip? JOE: Yep. JAY: Keep reeling, keep reeling. Right through it, right through it, right through it, right through it! I got the wheel turned over 'cause he's going that way, okay? Hard over. MARCIANO: I'm here. JOE: Ready? JAY: Yep. JOE: Go! MARCIANO: A little over. JOE: He's taking some more line so hopefully it's a keeper. If we can get at least a 73-inch fish, get some money in our pocket. MARCIANO: If he's a nice little 200-pound butterball, you know, he could be worth five grand. That's our expenses right out of the starting gate. Jay, you're reeling it the wrong way. The line's supposed to come in, not go out. JAY: Ha-ha! JAY: We need a keeper, Joe. JOE: Yeah, hopefully. JAY: It'll be the first fish of the season for us. JOE: Yeah. MARCIANO: Maybe we'll get lucky here. But it's really hard to tell. MARCIANO: Watch the line. Watch the line! He's gonna cut the line. We're gonna lose him! Let's go! Let's go! You're losing it! MARCIANO: He's going under the boat. Watch the line. It's the first day of the season and we're hooked up for the second time. We've got to get this fish. We can't let two get away in one day. He's gonna cut the line. We're gonna lose him. Let's go, let's go, we're losing it. JAY: Ah! JAY: Alright, line's clear. We're good, Dave, we're good. MARCIANO: Atta boy, you guys doing great, you make a good team. JAY: Yup. JAY: He's right there. Just saw him. MARCIANO: Ah, we got deep color. JAY: Got color! MARCIANO: It's really close. JAY: That's a short. MARCIANO: Alright, let's release him. Alright. We can't sell the shorts, but the shorts are what sustains the fishery. Yeah, that fish is gonna live, he's gonna spawn once or twice more before he's big enough for us to keep. You just get that wet pack quick, that's all. JAY: Should I cut the leader off? MARCIANO: Yeah. JAY: It really sucks that that was a, a short 'cause we all got bills to pay. You know, I just actually bought a house, just sucks that could have been a money fish. But what are you gonna do? ♪ ♪ JARRETT: That's a good-looking sized fish. TJ: Oh, God! Nice. We tail-roped our fish this season before sundown, and we've had it hanging behind the back of the boat to cool down the meat. We're super, super blessed that we have him right now. Because he very easily could have chased us off. Your first tuna, huh? What do you think, Rip? Do you like him? Do you want to catch more of those? I've got another Rottweiler this year, her name is Ripple. This is Ripple's first tuna ever, so I'm very curious to see how she reacts to it. Hopefully she takes to it like Reba did. You guys want to measure him and get a tape on him? JARRETT: Yeah. Here we go. TJ: Here we go. Ooh, look at that. JARRETT: 91. Reba's licking her chops. You want to, uh, give Reba a tail cut, see if she likes it? TJ: Let's check him out, see what we got. We're gonna get it to a buyer and see what she's worth. Damn. You want this? Huh? You been a good girl? You want this? Give me a high five. There you go, good girl. Uh-oh, uh-oh. You got to share with your little sister. JARRETT: Nice work! TJ: First one of the season, baby. Good job, Bubby. JARRETT: Nice work. TJ: Many more to come, dude, many more. ♪ ♪ PETE: My dad died when I was 14, in an accident, in our own garage at home. And then my mom was in the hospital, and then within a few weeks, they told her she only had, uh, a month or two to live 'cause her cancer was terminal. Her goal was to try to see me get out of high school. That's when she passed away. She didn't make it. I think losing my parents early gave me the belief that I could do it myself. It toughened me up early is what it did. I've been accused of being driven and being a hard ass, and that's probably true. I know when it comes to fishing, especially, I am driven. I'm driven to be the best, to excel, to be a high liner, so I think I've tried to teach my daughters, Erin and Sarah, that there's no substitute for hard work in achieving your goals. And that's why I've tried to integrate them into the boat business so they knew that they were important. You know, naming the boat, having them go with me, that they see how much it means to me to earn my living that way for them. ERIN: He really wants to be able to give us a life and experiences that he didn't get to have as a kid. I think it's because of that that I don't really take things for granted. Life doesn't always come easy, and you really got to have thick skin. [motor revving] ♪ ♪ [beeping] GEORDIE: Oh, there's maybe one. DAVE: Eat it! GEORDIE: Coming up. DAVE: Is he still? SANDRO: He's still there. DAVE: Come on. SANDRO: Still there. DAVE: Come on. SANDRO: 100 feet. DAVE: Two boats already have fish, the Erin & Sarah and the Hot Tuna, and that's not a good start for the Dot Com. SANDRO: Another one on the outside there? GEORDIE: Came all the way up to 75 feet. [beeping] [reel ticking] [reel unspooling] DAVE: We're on, we're on, we're on, we're on, we're on! Woo-hoo-hoo, here we go! He's pissed off, man. He's the real deal. He's got some meat to him. SANDRO: I'd say he's definitely a keeper. DAVE: Oh, yeah. He's a keeper, alright. TYLER: Kidding me, man? The Dot Com's got him on, man. DRAKE: Oh, yeah, dude, they're off the anchor, bro. TYLER: Dude, that sucks! DAVE: Got color, here we go. Got color. GEORDIE: Thank you. Come back, come back, come back, come back, come back. DAVE: Take the shot! DAVE: Woo-hoo-hoo! GEORDIE: Line going out. DAVE: Here we go. He's pissed off, man. He's the real deal. He's got some meat to him. The Erin & Sarah and the Hot Tuna already have fish, so I want nothing right now more so than to put this fish on the deck. Got color. GEORDIE: Come back, Dave. Come back! Come back! Come back! Come back! DAVE: Take the shot! DAVE: You're allowed to miss. DAVE: Good job, Geordie. DAVE: Here he comes. Here we go! GEORDIE: Right to you, this one, Sancho. DAVE: Here we go. Here we go! GEORDIE: Coming at you, buddy. DAVE: Stick 'em in, Sanchi! Hit that! SANDRO: Got him. DAVE: Yeah, baby! Woo-hoo-hoo! Look at that, he's pissed off now. He's pissed off. DAVE: Careful! Careful! Watch out! Watch out! Watch out! No, no, no, no, no! DAVE: We just pulled the hook on him or we chafed him off. Right now we got him on the dart line, we're gonna have to hand line him, but slowly. Just like the hook pulled, the dart can pull. This battle is not over. There's no celebration until the tail rope is on him. DAVE: He's a-coming. Come on. Keep pulling. DAVE: He's got a spear through his belly, and he's still fighting. And unfortunately, if that dart pulls, nobody wins. GEORDIE: But I got color. DAVE: Here he comes. Get ready, Geordie. SANDRO: Put that tail rope right on her tail. DAVE: There we go. Yeah. Who's your daddy? You know what I got to say? Got one! Woo-hoo-hoo! We got him! GEORDIE: Oh! Nice work, buddy! DAVE: We got our first fish of the season; couldn't be better. This is the first of what's gonna be many fish to come on this new boat. TYLER: Oh, they got him, dude. Damn, man, I'd love to have that fish. DAVE: One, two, three. Good job. SANDRO: Nice-looking fish here, bud. DAVE: Measure him right now. GEORDIE: 84 inches! Woo! Nice work, boys. DAVE: First trip with the new boat, that's a decent fish. Slow and steady gets the worm. Good job. GEORDIE: Slow and steady gets the worm? We need to buy you a book, dude. DAVE: Wait, isn't that what it is? SANDRO: Slow and steady wins the race there, Davey boy. GEORDIE: Slow and steady gets the worm? DAVE: Oh, no, early bird gets the worm. Let's go get another one. PETE: Get ready, we're gonna tie up on the opposite side. Good job. Thanks, guys. It's a great feeling. We're stoked, we're coming in with the first fish of the season. We caught it in front of the other guys in the fleet. We're just elated to be in this position right now. SCOTT: Hey, Pete. How'd you make out today? PETE: Ah, we got one for you. SCOTT: First fish of the season! Alright! PETE: What do you got there? BUYER: 367. PETE: Alright. Let's see what he looks like. Get it cut. The more fat and oil in the meat of the fish, the better the fish is gonna be, the more money we would get for it. A poor quality fish can be $5 to $7, $8 a pound. A really good fish could be 20-plus dollars a pound. I like that, huh? SCOTT: Nice core. PETE: What can you do for me on this? Come on. SCOTT: Mmmm... On this one, give you $17. PETE: Alright. BRANDON: We like that. PETE: We like that. Okay, thanks, Scott. We appreciate it. ERIN: Payday! PETE: We want to make a lot of money, catch a lot of fish, and this is the first one, this is priming the pump. NARRATOR: Erin & Sarah's six-grand tuna gets the family operation from Maine off to an early lead. ♪ ♪ TJ: We got one nice one for you, bro. Want to check him out? SCOTT: Absolutely. MIKE: Alright, Scott. TJ: We're so happy to be bringing one of the first fish of the season to our buyer. It's an early season fish, so we're anticipating a good price per pound. What do you got for dress weight, Scotty? SCOTT: 365. TJ: Alright, awesome. That's a nice fish. JARRETT: Nice. Very nice. TJ: How we looking? How we looking, bro? BUYER: It's got the fat. I can get you guys $15 a pound. TJ: Pa-pow! Scott-so! TIM: Go, Scott-so. MIKE: Thanks, Scotty. TJ: Awesome, bro. MIKE: That's a good price. Thanks. TJ: We need a lot more fish to be at the top of the fleet when the season ends, but this a great start. NARRATOR: Hot Tuna's good quality fish pushes them to within striking distance of Erin & Sarah. TYLER: Man, we got to start putting them in the boat. We've been out here for a few days now, and we pretty much watched everybody except for ourselves catch a fish. So we really got to get a bite soon, we just got to keep grinding. Just gone through the spread, everyone looks fishy as can be, and we're killing it. We get the right one, we're gonna put a hook in it. [beeping] Oh, look at that. Hell, yeah, alright. We're marking! DRAKE: I put off a semester of college for this. And if we don't catch fish, it's not gonna be good. [reel unspooling] TYLER: See ya later, bye. Come on, reel. Reel, reel, reel, reel, reel. Get him, Drake, that a boy, brother. Woo! GEORDIE: He's yelling at us. DAVE: Tyler's on. SANDRO: Baloney. I don't know why Tyler acts the way he does. You know, if he could be a more mature captain and keep a solid crew, he'd be a lot more respected. TYLER: Oh, yeah! GEORDIE: Dave and Tyler definitely have a history between each other, TYLER: Woo! It's all over the place on top, dude. Definitely an early season gladiator. Big fish, been hooked before. He definitely knows what he's doing. DRAKE: He's shaking his head out there. He's a-racing. TYLER: We need this fish bad. Come on, Drake. Get him, get him. DRAKE: We got him, like, 30 feet. TYLER: Good job, Drake. You're doing freakin' great, dude. This is what I need. I need a solid deckhand on the boat this year to help us make a lot of money. Take out the fleet. DRAKE: I got color. Oh, my God. Oh, it's a sea monster. TYLER: Oh, my God, he's a sea monster! He's a sea monster! Ooh! TYLER: We need this fish bad. Come on, Drake. Get him, get him. DRAKE: We got him, like, 30 feet. TYLER: We're hooked up next to Dot Com, and he's already got a fish on board. So, we really got to put this one in our boat. Oh, my God. DRAKE: It's a sea monster. TYLER: Oh, my God, he's a sea monster! He's a sea monster! Woo! DRAKE: We got to put this one away. TYLER: I feel like I have a $5,000 fish right here. DRAKE: Easily. TYLER: I know he's freaking out, because he's only got one fish on board, and we're about to tie him. We got to get this one, dude. DRAKE: I got you right now, I got you right now. Ready, Ty? TYLER: I'm ready, brother. Swing him right out. ♪ ♪ Bang! I got him good, too, man. DRAKE: Yeah, you smoked him. Let me get the tail gaff. TYLER: Here, brother. Coming your way. Nice! Woo-hoo! Yeah, baby! Woo! DRAKE: Game over! Game over! TYLER: 450-pounder, dude? Hells yeah! DRAKE: Yeah, yeah, buddy! Wow, dude, damn. Butterball, man. How's that feel, baby? TYLER: Yeah, what you guys saying now? DRAKE: Yeah. TYLER: Dude, this is gonna be so sick. DAVE: What the hell is he doing? DRAKE: Hold up. [Tyler laughs] DAVE: In past years, Tyler and I have had a lot of history. And I don't need all the drama. I don't need him trying to get into our heads. So we're gonna ignore, we're gonna fish, and we're gonna do what we do. Don't even look at him. DRAKE: Boom, we're done. TYLER: Hey, brother! Congratulations on the new boat. You'll always be second fiddle. DAVE: Loose cannon. Something wrong with him. MARCIANO: Tyler and Dave on the Dot Com, for those two, it's the same old story. They're all worried about who's gonna be first or blah, blah, blah. It's kind of like being in the locker room in high school. They're trying to figure out whose is bigger. That's all it is with them two guys. To me, that's just a distraction. I'll let them guys fight it out, and we're gonna be busy catching fish. DRAKE: You good? TYLER: Have to take a tail cut of that one. That one's a good one. DRAKE: Oh, that's a nice shape. TYLER: Woo! DRAKE: Swinging tuna. TYLER: This could be a better fish than anything that's been caught so far. We're gonna take this fish in and get it weighed. DRAKE: Where you going, fishy? Nowhere. Oh! 86, baby. TYLER: Ah, good, ah, I had that, huh? DRAKE: Let's pack him away? TYLER: Yeah, pack him away. SANDRO: Whale. There's slick. Whales. SANDRO: Here comes the tail. DAVE: Amazing. We've already got one fish, but you know what? So do some of the other boats in the fleet. So we've decided to stay out longer and try and get a second one. [beeping] SANDRO: There he is. There he is. [beeping] DAVE: Come on, come on. We're right on it. There he is, there he is. Start it up! We're on. SANDRO: We're on. DAVE: Clear! GEORDIE: No. GEORDIE: Now we're out. DAVE: Okay. SANDRO: There he goes. DAVE: I'm gonna fall off. That's the real deal. We're on again, huh? DAVE: Nice. DAVE: Oh, yeah. He's a big boy. DAVE: Having a fish on the boat right now will put us on the top of the fleet. So now, it's more important than ever that we land this fish on the deck. The pressure's on. DAVE: Take your time. Fish we think is gut-hooked. He's heavy, but he's not doing much. So that means he swallowed it, it's in his gut. When he's gut-hooked, the line is raking across the teeth, and it is possible, in time, we could break him off. Big fish right here. GEORDIE: Right here, Dave. DAVE: We've already got one fish, but you know what? Having a second fish on the boat right now will send a clear message that we are the boat to beat this season. [reel squeaking] He's doing these gigantic pinwheels. He's pissed off right now. I don't like this. [squeaking] GEORDIE: Yup. DAVE: I got deep color. SANDRO: Yup. DAVE: Look at that rod tip. Little bit of reverse here. DAVE: Nice, nice, nice, nice. Get him, Sandro, get him, get him, get him, get him! GEORDIE: Yeah, there you go, buddy, there you go! DAVE: You got it, you got it, own it, own it. Come on, go get it, Geordie. SANDRO: Okay, keep coming, just keep coming back. I don't want to stop this momentum. Alright, Geordie? GEORDIE: Yup. DAVE: Reverse, reverse, reverse. GEORDIE: Okay, you're okay. DAVE: Yup, yup, yup, nice. DAVE: Nice job, Geordie. Beautiful freakin' work. DAVE: All you. Coming right up. There he is. Look at the color on him, huh? He's big. Swivel's on! Here you go, Sanchi. GEORDIE: Comin' at ya. DAVE: Here you go, Sanchi. SANDRO: Got him. DAVE: Yeah, you nailed it! DAVE: You got him? SANDRO: Yeah, yeah, I got him. GEORDIE: We've got one! Holy cow. SANDRO: Woo-hoo-hoo! DAVE: That's what I'm talking about. GEORDIE: We got that one, too, boys. DAVE: That's what I'm talking about! That one looks pretty freakin' good, man. Let's keep it going, man. There's no stopping, there's no stopping us now. Took a gamble, to get ahead of the fleet, it's paid off. We've got our second fish of the season. Neither the Erin & Sarah, the Pinwheel or the Hot Tuna are gonna be able to keep up with the Tuna Dot Com. GEORDIE: One, two three. DAVE: Two three! Ah, my hands. SANDRO: Woo! DAVE: 93. GEORDIE: Wow. DAVE: We got some big fish. Dot Com style. Get her done. ♪ ♪ BOB: Hey, Dave, how are you? DAVE: Had a really, really good first trip, two fish. BOB: How do you like the rig? DAVE: Love it. BOB: You ready? DAVE: Yeah, let's do it. What do you got, Bob? BOB: 347 dressed, Dave. DAVE: It's... it's not a fatty. BOB: Here it is, Dave. It's pretty red. DAVE: Yep. BOB: There's no fat, the shape is horrible. DAVE: What do ya think? How much? BOB: $7 a pound. DAVE: $7 a pound really isn't what we were hoping for, but I'm just hoping right now the second fish is of higher quality so we can get the paycheck that we're used to. What do ya got, Scott? SCOTT: We got 276 pounds dressed. DAVE: Alright, let's check him out. BOB: Okay. All red meat. DAVE: Yeah. BOB: It's not even a vibrant red, but I would say $8 a pound. Alright? SANDRO: Wow. DAVE: We brought in two fish, more than any other boat in the fleet, put in all that effort, all that time, and walk away with those prices, it's not easy. two low quality fish have them trailing the fleet's leaders. SCOTT: Hey! What's going on, Tyler? TYLER: We got our first fish of the season. SCOTT: Nice! TYLER: What's it dressed, Scott? SCOTT: 265 dressed. We'll take a look at it real good and... TYLER: Let's check this thing out, what we got here. BUYER: Nice skin fat up in here. Going in the majors, real nice core. Mmmm...$15. TYLER: Hell yeah, oh, yes! Gimme some skin, Gut. That's a good way to start out our season. Now we're gonna get back out there, and make it happen again. We're gonna go grind our way to the top spot. NARRATOR: Pinwheel's good quality fish puts them PETE: We're at the top of the fleet right now, and I'm really optimistic about the season. These guys are coming up here to anchor on my grounds. I know they're gunning for me, but I'm gunning for them. DAVE: Pete Speeches, he's gonna be a tough competitor to beat. He's got the perfect recipe for a successful boat, but we're gonna beat his ass. MARCIANO: I've been playing this game long enough to know that one week doesn't make a season. TYLER: Got to remember, it's a marathon, not a sprint. I'm gonna be atop the fleet at the end of the season, and we're gonna put more fish across the dock than anyone else. TJ: We know we've got our work cut out for us. We're just gonna have to keep our knuckles down and maintain our focus to be on the top at the end of the season. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 