Law & Order: Criminal Intent: Season 7, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent 
 s7e15 - Please Note We Are No Longer Accepting Letters of Recommendation from Henry Kissinger - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001–2011): Season 7, Episode 15 - Please Note We Are No Longer Accepting Letters of Recommendation from Henry Kissinger - full transcript 
 While taking his three-year-old son on an evening stroll in the park, stock analyst Skip Lowe, is gunned down by someone familiar to him. While investigating the shooting, the mother of another toddler, is gunned down under similar circumstances. Detectives find a connection between the two victims, but when a third victim with a three-year-old, Denise, (who turns out to be the first victim) seems to have no connection to Skip and Paloma, Goren and Eames shift their focus to the Day Care Center that all three children have in common. When the frightening motive of a parent murdering other parents to move their child up the waiting list, and into the exclusive Carnegie Hill Day, becomes apparent, they race to zero in on the killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's getting late, buddy. Ready for some pizza? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Night, guys. And Henry's grandma. It's Mrs. Reynolds. Right. Good night, Skip. Safe home. Oh. What's that in Leo's hand? (Skip) Oh, it's... hungry hippo. He's fine. Good night. Good night. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Echoing voices] It's 6:35. My flight's at... (Woman) Good morning. See? Under control. Hi, Teya. Hi. Sorry. Mommy loves you. Oh, I'll miss you. [Kisses] I'll walk you out. We've gotta stop meeting like this. Paloma, watch your screen today. You noddin' off there, big guy? It's too late to nap. [Phone chirps] What'd I tell you, Paloma? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll see you in September. Are you kidding me? A strong buy? What's your cut, you son of a bitch? You lose your shorts, Eckhardt? You Kevyn? You're late. Oh, you fall asleep there on me, buddy? [Footsteps] Oh. It's you. [Gunshot] (Detective Peary) Skip Lowe. Big time financial analyst. Shot in the chest. We called his I.C.E. Number. His wife's in Dallas on business. She can't get a flight back till morning. A stroller? Where's his kid? Leo, two years old. The officer who found Lowe said the boy was asleep when she got here. He's with the nanny. Okay, thank you. [Police radio chatter] (Eames) No signs of a struggle. No scuff marks. [Sniffs] Clean clothes in the gym bag. He's got a nice watch here. Wedding ring. And a wallet. Powder burns. No soot, though. Uh... close range. .22 caliber. So he's with his son in a park tunnel at night, and he lets the shooter get within a couple of feet? Well, it was either a random act or he knew his assailant and didn't feel threatened. A wall street guy out with his kid in the park on a weeknight. Isn't that why they have nannies? Leo fell back to sleep, thank god. I don't know what to tell him. His mom's on a business trip? She travel a lot? She's vice president of hotel company. She and Mr. Lowe work very hard to give everything to Leo. This pillow here... It's so Leo can reach? He has music lessons twice a week. Piano? And he's how old? Two. He mostly just bangs. Look at this. Chinese. That's a difficult language. Can he say anything yet? He's still learning English. But he has Chinese class every Thursday. Thursday. So he had class today. (Teya) Yes. (Eames) How did Skip and Leo end up in the park? I'm not sure. Mr. Lowe always picks Leo up after class. I guess they decided to go to the playground. You guess. You weren't with them. No, he called. He said he was running late. That something came up at work. I had to get back to my own kids, so I had to leave Leo with a mom in the class. Marla. Skip didn't get to class till after 5:30. Here you go, Hank. Grits like you love, extra butter. But his boy and mine were having such a good time, I didn't mind. Did he say why he was late? No. He went to the gym, I think. He had wet hair. (Goren) Did you know Skip Lowe well? Not so much. He seemed sweet with his kid. But, you know, you don't get a lot of straight dads doing pickups. What about Leo's mom, Kelly? I never met her. You know, most of the moms work. It's just me and the nannies. (Goren) So after class, did Skip say anything about where he was going next? We all went to the park together, you know, let the kids run around, get tired before you go home. But it gets dark so early these days, we all left around 6:00. Marla, it's not appropriate to talk about this in front of Henry. Oh, I don't think Hank understands. I'm Eleanor Reynolds, Henry's grandmother. Really? You live here? May I ask you to speak to my daughter-in-law outside? Henry's having breakfast. We can just talk in the... Wait, wait. What are you feeding him? Marla! This is not the trailer park. Don't mind my mother-in-law. She's upset. She was with us at the playground yesterday. And did you notice if Skip was worried or agitated? He and his wife kept trading messages. She travels so much. With a toddler at home, it must be hard. Where are you going? He hasn't finished his breakfast. Swifty's. For eggs and soldiers. I'll get my coat. Oh, we won't be long. We'll get some real breakfast now, honey. [Cell phone rings] It's her house. She lives upstairs. Skip's wife Kelly. Her flight from Dallas just landed. I travel a lot for my job. But, uh, Skip and I, we were... we were blissful. And we'd found our balance. You're lucky, having a toddler, both of you working full-time. It's stressful. Skip was very driven. Competitive. But... He managed to find ways to relax. Like going to the gym. Yeah. He took an early spinning class almost every day. So he never went to the gym after work. Well, he must have yesterday. Is that why you kept missing each other? I usually call him. At closing bell. And, uh... [Ahem] Yesterday the office said that he'd already left for the day. (Eames) Lowe told his nanny he was tied up at the office, but he wasn't there to take his wife's call. Closing bell's at 4:00. Lowe got to his Chinese class after 5:30. So Lowe has a wife away on business, a one-hour hole in his afternoon, clean gym clothes, wet hair. An affair? Skip Lowe? No. I don't think so. His number was too low. His number? The number he had to hit before he retired? 11. And not for Jamal Crawford. If you're cheating, you think divorce, increase your number. Skip hasn't budged from 11 million since he got here. His browser history's been cleared. Yeah, we all do that. Porn. Not that anything actually disappears. Well, good. Restore it. Don't tell his wife. [Beep] Hmm. Last hit 3:30 yesterday. His private account, bigSkipper. BigSkipper's not his company address, is it? You can... go now. Skipper's responding to a post on Craigslist from kevnine. (Goren) "Discreet married man, wide nine, seeking same." (Eames) He arranged a pre-scope at the celestial gym at 4:15. There's Skip's missing hour. Mm. Let's email kevnine. See if he's interested in meeting another discreet, married man. I'll make sure you're his type. You're, uh, Bigfoot. The guy that found my keys. You're Kevyn. Mm-hmm. I'd like to give you a reward. My wallet's downstairs. You wanna take a walk with me? Sure. Okay, look, I am happily married. I love my wife, and I love my children. And sometimes, once in a while, I hook up with other men that love their wives and love their children. Other men like Skip? Maybe. After he left you, he was shot. What the hell happened? You tell me. Did he leave too soon? No! It was a perfect relationship. He was in a hurry, and so was I. Well, maybe it was Skip who wanted more. He threaten to tell your wife? No. I'm very cautious about who I do this with. Cautious. We emailed you, and 45 minutes later you were offering my partner a reward. Before I make a move, I s-suggest we go unsafe, tell them I'm not really married and try to lure them in. If they agree to any of that, I'm out of there. (Goren) Okay, thank you. I don't make Kevyn as a killer. He's married, getting what he wants on the side. It works for him. That was Kevyn's boss. He confirms that Kevyn got back from the gym at 5:15. He stayed until 10:00. Did his wife know about his double life? There's no evidence of that. She was out of town, but from her perspective, the marriage was good. There must be something we're missing. Captain, this is Skip's dark side. The rest of his life, it seems clean. Father shot while walking his two-year-old home. Hate to think this was a random act. [Whining] [Baby crying] [Dog barking] [Baby crying] (Eames) Paloma Renzi, corporate exec. Mother of Lily, two. Out for a morning dog walk. The teenaged girl on horseback came across the body. Said Lily was still in the stroller, unharmed. She was shot at close range. Once in the back. That's another .22. Another single shot. Another tunnel. A woman pushing 50 pounds of stroller on gravel. A slow-moving target. And the gravel is... Is noisy. She would have heard someone behind her. She saw her killer. Yeah. And then she would have turned. And then... Then she... Turned... her back. She didn't perceive a threat. Why not? Lily's uncle is flying in from California to take her. He has a lot of kids and dogs. Lily will be all right. Paloma wasn't married. Was she involved with anyone? No... she told me she had a fiance who passed away years ago. Guess she never found anyone else. She found Lily. Paloma works. But the rest of her life is about her daughter. She moved here so she could walk Lily to preschool just down the block. Now, on Saturday, she always goes for a walk with Lily, with the dog? Every weekend. No matter what the weather, she'd bundle Lily up, take her to the park. She felt bad we didn't have outdoor space, that Lily was cooped up in the apartment. I guess Lily will have a backyard now. Ballistics confirms the same gun killed both Paloma and Lowe. Did they know each other? Was there a connection? They both worked on Wall Street. Lowe as a telecom analyst at Herron Green and Paloma as a VP at Qual-XT. Qual-XT the telecom company. Did Lowe analyze their stock? Let's see. Here we go. Herron Green issued a new report two days ago. Skip went from a hold to a strong buy. He flipped his rating. Was he alone in that? [Typing] Yep, four other top firms rated Qual-XT a hold, an underweight, a sell, and a hold. Stock analysts usually line up in lockstep. Find out why Lowe was so positive about Qual-XT. Paloma was dear to us. Qual-XT has offered a reward to catch her killer. How well did you know her, Mr. Wright? She was my number two for ten years. Any idea if she and Skip Lowe ever crossed paths? Lowe, the analyst who was shot? I'm sure she took his calls. We want those guys on our side. Well, she got him there. Couple days ago, Lowe upgraded your company from a hold to a strong buy. Sometimes the critics get it right. We're rolling out some innovative products next quarter. Well, your stock went up sharply the day that Lowe's report was published. Good rating will do that. What are you getting at? Look, we read the other analysts' reports. We know Lowe was your only fan. We're wondering if someone thought Skip and Paloma were in collusion. Despite what you might read on the blogs, that's not the way things work anymore. We pride ourselves on our transparency. Paloma would never do anything to compromise our reputation. The... the blogs. Someone's flaming you? It's a volatile market. People lose money. They hunt for a scapegoat. Any idea who? Yeah, that's my blog. I lost more in one day than you'll earn in a thousand years. Sounds like you had a good reason to be upset. [Laughs] Upset? I'm out $50 million. If you ask me, Skip got his. Meaning you think he profited from the report or you think he deserved to be murdered? Both. There's no way he writes that report without getting something out of it. He's too good an analyst. Where were you the night Skip was murdered? Upstairs. This is as far from my office as I get. You can ask my staff. They all hate me. I never go home, so, uh, no one else can. [Chuckles] [Footsteps] (Eames) John Eckhardt's alibi checks. He was hooked to his terminal like a junkie. It's moot... Lowe and Paloma weren't killed for their wall street connection. A third victim showed up. In the park? No, at a hospital in far Rockaway. Denise Myler was shot in the chest ten days ago. She died yesterday. When the M.E. pulled the bullet out, it was a match for the bullets that killed Lowe and Paloma. She was shot in her car in the laundromat parking lot. Her two-year-old daughter was strapped in the car seat. Makes her our first victim. We could be looking at a hunter. Three shootings in two weeks? What the hell are we dealing with here? Son of Sam killing parents in front of their kids? (Eames) Denise Myler. Lived in far Rockaway. Worked as a cook in a soup kitchen on the Upper East Side. Soup kitchen. Long way from wall street. Precinct have any suspects? Denise had just taken out an O.O.P. against her husband. They assumed domestic violence, picked up Tim Myler. Where's Myler now? He didn't make bail. He's been in Rikers for a week and a half. Well, so he couldn't have killed Lowe or Paloma. They were all shot with the same gun. He probably didn't kill his wife either. The wrong guy. That's what I been saying all along. I don't own a gun. This is a mistake. I didn't kill Denise. The thing is, your police report says that you don't have an alibi. Man, the cops never checked my alibi. I drive a limo. I was circling the block, waiting for some golden boy. I don't think my partner believes you. The doorman at the Raleigh can vouch for me. Why'd your wife take out an O.O.P.? She overreacted, man. I wasn't stalking her. So you just happened to be parked in front of her apartment 24 hours a day? Denise and I, we have a daughter together. I was trying to protect Tiffany. Strange men in the house around my little girl. All right, so Denise had boyfriends. She was just trying to hurt me. The mechanic, the bartender, the delivery guy. But that preacher, he was the worst of the bunch. He runs some homeless shelter uptown. Preacher... you mean the guy from the church soup kitchen? Yeah, they worked together. Claimed that they were friends. [Scoffs] I didn't buy that. She had to take a job all the way out in the city? I'm not stupid. I know what was going on. I drove Denise home a few times. She was terrified of her ex. You looked out for her? Well, we were really lucky to have Denise. She was a real cook, you know, not just a can opener. How'd you find her? She attended our sister congregation out in far Rockaway. And last July, we placed a notice on the community bulletin boards, and she just responded right away. And how long after that did you... You know, start to drive her home? I'm sorry, what... What are you getting at? Well, her ex-husband thought there might be something going on between the two of you. Right. He's crazy. I'm just... I'm trying to figure out why she would take a job such a long way from home. Far Rockaway is quite a commute for a single mother. I mean, what would the attraction be? Look, Denise was only interested in one thing. She took this job because of her daughter, Tiffany. I don't follow. Our church is affiliated with a preschool, Carnegie hill day. And I pulled a lot of strings to get her daughter a scholarship slot. That's not in this building, is it? Because of the homeless. It's a few blocks north of here on 88th street. Denise's little girl... Who's watching her now? Her grandparents. When Denise was shot, her family pulled her daughter out of the school. Okay. Thank you. So Paloma lived on 88th street. She moved there so she could walk her daughter to preschool. Skip Lowe... I wonder what preschool his boy Leo goes to. We applied to over 12 preschools. But even at $30,000 a year tuition, Carnegie Hill Day was still our first choice. And you didn't get accepted. We got wait-listed. There were over 300 couples at the open house, and the school said after legacies and siblings, there'd only be five spots left for three-year-olds. That's why Leo is taking so many classes, isn't it? The competition is insane. I mean, they don't just screen the kids. They screen the families too. Your husband... He was a stock analyst. And you're the VP of a company. I'd think that you'd have the right pedigree. So did we. Skip even managed to get a letter of recommendation from a board member. And that only bumped us to the top of the wait list. The irony is... We just got this yesterday. "We are pleased to offer Leo Lowe "a place in our threes class for the school year 2008." A week ago, getting in would have meant everything. But with Skip gone, Leo and I are gonna move closer to my parents. To Greenwich. Of course we were upset about Denise Myler's death. Her daughter is on the scholarship here, but very bright. And Paloma Renzi? That was a tragedy. You're the director of the school. You had to realize that parents were being targeted. You... you didn't call the police. Targeted? We were told that Denise was shot by her estranged husband and Paloma was killed by a sniper in the park. And what about Skip Lowe? I don't follow. He's not one of our parents. Leo, his son, was on the waiting list until Skip was killed. Janine, can you come in here, please? Our admissions director. I had no idea Skip Lowe was on that list. Yes, I knew. I was the one who wait-listed the Lowe family to begin with. After the shooting, you didn't tell your director. I didn't want to alarm you. This is a very exclusive school. I assumed it had to be a terrible coincidence. We're gonna need to see a class list and your waiting list. That's confidential. Janine, get the list. If there is anything else that we can do... There is... you'll need to put a freeze on next year's admissions. Right now, it looks like your wait list is a hit list. These are the three-year-olds admitted or wait-listed to Carnegie hill day for fall 2008. When Denise Myler was killed, her daughter Tiffany Myler's spot opened up. Leo Lowe. He was on the top of the wait list. And then Leo's dad Skip was killed. Now, Leo's mother decided to take them back to Connecticut to the parents. Then Paloma Renzi was shot, so her orphaned daughter Lily will be raised by an uncle in California. Battered wife, single mom. The dad leading a double life. The killer, he's... He's looking for weak spots on the list. I follow your logic. I just find it hard to believe someone would do all of this just to get their kid into preschool. Well, not just any preschool. Carnegie hill day is the gateway to the Ivy league. These parents... Their whole sense of self-worth rides on this. Okay, I get it. My grandkids won't be getting in. What do we know about the families on the wait list? They're all in the blue book. Active in charity, pillars of business. Citizens above suspicion. Start suspecting. Can I help you, detectives? Oh, Mrs. Reynolds, we're looking for your son and daughter-in-law. Brian's at work, and Marla's at the salon getting her roots dyed. Will you excuse me? You just back from the playground? Yes. And I'm eager to get Henry inside. Why don't you come back after 6:00? Huh. My keys... They should be right here. Can I help you, Mrs. Reynolds? You can help me by not blocking the light. Oh! [Clatter] Oh, dear god. Well, I certainly didn't put a gun in the changing pad. I never diaper Henry in public. Then why bring the diaper pad with you? You know who you should be talking to? The nannies in that park. All they do is sit on the benches and complain. I'll bet one of them did it. Why would they do that, Mrs. Reynolds? They know I watch them. If I see a nanny mistreat a child, I tell the parents. My son is here. May I go now? (Eames) Not yet. Any chance you were in the park last Saturday around 8:00 A.M.? When Paloma Renzi was killed? Oh, you know her. She was always in the playground with that filthy dog. You ever talk to Skip Lowe about that? You were with him in the park last Thursday. Only briefly. I went home in haste. It was past Henry's dinnertime. Your daughter-in-law will confirm? You'd take her word over mine? By 7:00, it's bath, books, and bed for Henry. Every night. You seem... Ver-very involved with Henry. Even though Marla stays at home. If I left it to her, Henry would eat potato chips and watch Jerry springer all day. Carnegie hill day. That was your idea? Absolutely. Marla wanted a chain preschool. That's glorified daycare. What's she doing here? Well, where's Henry? You're perspiring, Mrs. Reynolds. It is warm in here. Can I get you a glass of water? No. No water. I need to get home to take my medication. Is that blood pressure pills? Yes. It's urgent. Yeah. We... I... We're not gonna be much longer. I'm an architect. I've never even held a gun. And I was out of town on Thursday. What about Saturday morning? Brian was home with me. Did your mother-in-law take Henry out? I'm not sure. Eleanor takes quite an interest in Henry, huh? It's almost like a second mom, really. She's always there. And she was there, uh, Thursday night in the park. You two were together the entire time? That's right. Oh, Mr. Reynolds, your mother seems anxious. Maybe you should talk to her. Hey, Marla, why don't you call and check on Henry? Before you check that, can I just ask you one question? So Eleanor and you walked Henry home? Henry wanted salmon for dinner, but I forgot to buy it. So I told Eleanor a white lie and ran to the store. And the salmon, that was your mother-in-law's idea? I've just noticed that she's particular. She just wants what's best for Henry. Like Carnegie hill day. She told you about that? Did she tell you she's mad at me? About him not getting in? Yeah, it came up. It's all my fault. She told me they didn't want spirited boys, so I let Henry run around before his interview. And by the time we got there, he was dirty, and his nose was running. Well, he is a kid. You don't understand. She wrote our essay, the letters of recommendations for people to sign. She had it all figured out. For years. She decided Henry had to go there before he was even born. She... [Laughs loudly] Listen to me just running on. Brian told me to check on Henry. So... [Cell phone beeps] (Eames) Ballistics are a match for all three murders. The gun's unregistered. Last legal sale recorded eight years ago. Where does an upper east side doyenne get an illegal handgun? Well, she was quick to accuse the nannies. Maybe she bought it from one of them. And she has no alibi for any of the three shootings. No, she admits to being in the park when Skip and Paloma were killed. And the day Denise Myler was shot, she claims to be home alone. Except we checked with her garage. Her Mercedes was out that day five hours. Okay. Motive. Opportunity. She knew about Skip and Paloma, but how would she know that Denise Myler was a parent at that school? Eleanor was on a mission. She had two years to do reconnaissance. Yes, I'm friends with Eleanor. But we met long before her grandson applied. How did you two meet? She attended a fund-raiser I organized for the Carnegie spay neuter clinic. We hit it off right away. She's a real dog person. It must have been awkward for your friendship when Henry was rejected. We don't use that term. And Eleanor understands the complex algorithm of money, social standing, fitting in. Mm. She ever ask you where Henry was on the wait list? She wouldn't abuse our relationship. That's confidential. I tried to reassure her. I explained she was competing with letters of recommendation from Henry Kissinger and Max Wright. Then how did Tiffany Myler get in? A girl from a troubled home? Well, I explained our commitment to economic diversity. Eleanor understood completely. Yes, I sought out Janine. Is it a crime to worry about my grandson's future? It is if you shoot the parents you think are standing in the way. You have your nerve, young lady. (Whitehall) Detectives, I've known Mrs. Reynolds for over 30 years. This is preposterous. Well, this isn't. It's a ballistics report. The gun we found in your client's diaper bag was used to kill all three victims. Anyone could have put that gun there. I told them about the nannies. Have you spoken to them yet? Um, the night that Skip Lowe was killed, we know that you weren't with Marla the entire time. Who told you that? Marla? That woman is pure white trash. (Whitehall) Eleanor. How did she and Brian meet? She was a cocktail waitress. She tricked him into marrying her. (Eames) She got pregnant. And now I have his beautiful grandson who deserves every advantage in the world. And because of her, he can't have them. How much longer is this going to take? Can I get you a glass of water? No. No. I need to go home. We can take a break. Let's just get this done with. It's the blood pressure medication. That means that you probably take diuretics. Could my partner show you to the ladies' room? I need to go home. Now. Yeah. (Goren) Eleanor Reynolds couldn't have driven to far Rockaway. It's three hours round trip. She couldn't be away from her own bathroom that long. The public restroom phobia defense. Maybe. It means someone framed her. Not her son. He's a mama's boy. Marla lives in Eleanor's house, under her thumb, under her rules. Maybe she found a way out. Killing three people, then framing your mother-in-law? The perfect crime. Marla calls, asks me to come home, take care of Henry. I get here, and she's left Henry alone in his crib. And she left this note. She's at Carnegie hill day. She thinks they've accepted Henry. [Children's chatter in background] Close the door. You'll wake them. Never wake a sleeping baby. Don't come any closer. I won't. I'll be right here. You don't need that gun. You don't need it. Henry's a good boy. He'll be happy here. I'm sure he will. And successful. Friends he makes here will stay with him for the rest of his life. That's the Carnegie hill day promise. I brought his cubby box. [Child whimpers] Okay, just wa... look. You'll wake them. We don't wanna wake the kids, right? You said it yourself. Maybe we should go talk in the other room. (Eames) It's okay, Marla. I can watch the kids. Okay, but you go first. Okay. Go on. All right. And, honey, I've always been a pretty good shot. Detective, I think you know Janine. And that's miss Chestnut. She's gonna be Henry's teacher next year. Eames, Janine and miss Chestnut are in here. Very good. [Whispering] Come on, it's time to wake up. So this is gonna be his... His classroom, huh? Oh, yeah. It's gonna be nice and bright in here. [Whispering] Shh, shh, shh. Quick, quick, quick. He's got his cubby box. There's... that's a good place for one. It's good that it's near the door. It'll be easier for... Get over there with them! Okay. So... Get over there. I'm gonna take care of you. Family photo. Is that so he can remember you during the day? He's so beautiful. Your parents must be proud. They speak to him on the phone, but they don't really know him. They don't visit? Once, for Henry's christening. But they didn't like it here. It's too loud, too crowded. They're from Kentucky. You're a long way from home. Why did you come here? To be a dancer. [Sobbing] I had fancy dreams. I ended up waiting tables like everyone else. It's a hard place to live. Everyone's so busy. Nobody has time to make a new friend. Yeah. But you met Brian. [Laughs] I thought he was gonna be my prince charming. But he's busy too. And his friends, they're all so smart. I never finished college. I can't keep up. You can't keep up... But you're smart too. I don't think people realize... Get back! How smart you are. Come on! Get back! Okay. Okay. All right. Do you mean that? I do, yeah. I think it's... Tough for you. I know it must be difficult for you to find people to hang out with. Who do you talk to? I used to have friends at the women's residence, but Eleanor didn't like them. Now I talk to Henry and the nannies. Th-the nannies. Mr. Lowe's nanny, Paloma's nanny. I sit on the bench next to them, listen in. Yeah. I think that they like you. You know? They saw the way that Eleanor treated you. She was so upset when Henry got wait-listed. All you do is try and please her. She would be proud of you now because... Henry got in. It's my fault he didn't get in. Eleanor's right. I can't give Henry what he needs. He's better off without me. No, no, no, she's wrong! Hey! Look, you know what he needs, you know what he likes. I've seen you with him. His eyes, they light up when you're around. How can Eleanor love Henry and not love me? I made him. Look, it's been tough for you, okay? All you've wanted to do is be a good mom. No, don't do that. You're irreplaceable! You're his mother. He needs you. He needs you, Marla. You have to give me the gun. You gotta give me the gun. Okay. I'm irreplaceable. Yeah. Ow! Clear! Marla Reynolds, you are under arrest for the murder of Paloma Renzi, Skip Lowe, and Denise Myler. [Marla whispering] What's happening? What's happening? I thought you were my friend! They had kids too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 