Law & Order: Criminal Intent: Season 7, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent 
 s7e19 - Legacy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001–2011): Season 7, Episode 19 - Legacy - full transcript 
 The suicide death of a high school student from a prestigious academy turns out to be a homicide. Goren and Eames soon uncover connections in his death to a classmate he had a crush on, as well as her mother, who teaches at the academy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Male announcer) In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the major case squad. These are their stories. Get this... Joe's trying to get Tessa to strip. Over her webcam? She'll never do it. Never. She totally would. Right, Nessing? Yeah. You know, she totally... would. Buck says she doesn't. Make it 2 bucks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She'll do anything for Joe. 2 bucks. Thank you. Thought Joe could pull it off. She's such a prude, man. It's prom time. [Clink] You look beautiful, Tessa. You think he'll like me? Of course he will. He already does. Turn around. Turn around. [Both giggling] Oh, that must be Joe. Tessa, what's wrong? [Gasps] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Paul, you sure you don't wanna wear your tux? I like wearing dad's. Then wear it right. Come on. Doesn't he look great, bill? Just don't mess up my tux. You look great, Paul. [Hip-hop music] [Laughter] Bummer, Paul. Kiana, have you seen Tessa? [Laughs] Back off, gump. She's not here. And if she was, would she be looking for you? Get real, Paul. He ruined everything. Paul told him we're all a bunch of lesbos. And that's why Joe dumped you? Paul is so gonna regret that. So regret it. These bitches are gonna pay. (Woman) This is titian's sacred and profane love. Now, note that the... [Cell phones ringing] [More loudly] Note the figure of Venus... [More cell phones sounding off] Okay, all right, no cell phones in class. [Kids laughing] What is going on... Tessa! Tessa? Tell me where you are. Please! Oh... oh, my god. Oh, no. Synced & corrected by shadowmoon (Goren) Manor hill... looks more like a college than it does a high school. (Eames) Cost more like one too. The deceased is Paul Phillips, 17. Dad's a big ceo. School's headmaster has major case pulled in for a hanging? He thinks the local precinct doesn't like his kids. On that, he'd be right. Anna nobeel found the body around 4:00 P.M. It's Nobile. Paul was a student of mine. You notice anything? Was he depressed? No. But Paul lived in his own world. Not one of the popular kids. Mm-mm. (Eames) Was he new here? (Anna) No, he was in the 14-year club... Kids who started in pre-k. But the longer he stayed, the less he fit in. Did he belong to any groups, play sports? Uh... just cross-country. The loneliness of the long distance runner. Could you just turn around for me, spin around? Just once. Just... [Chuckles] You have, uh, paint flecks... All over you, yeah. Oh, um... From the boiler room. I tried to hold Paul's body up while I called for help. The boiler room? What were you doing down there? Well, the door to the tunnels is supposed to be locked. It was wide open. (Biaggi) uh... headmaster's waiting. A real CYA. (Eames) Let me guess... Kids come down here to hook up and get high. Well, they call it the tunnels. In the '30s, the seniors built a still down here. Keifer Gates, headmaster. In hindsight, Paul should have been in a less competitive school. This was a tragedy waiting to happen. Rigor is just setting in. This wound on his neck, it's not very deep. (Eames) There's some kind of sailor's knot tied at this end. It's a bowline. So he, uh, gets the noose over the pipe, kicks the chair out. Should be more... Paint chips. I mean, even if someone wants to kill himself, you know, the body still fights to survive. Cell phone, backpack... Mia. We're searching the grounds. Mud on his sneakers is still fresh. So he hanged himself, but decided to go for a training run first? Paul was doing better. He was actually looking forward to the prom. He has a nice smile. How'd prom go? I don't know. Bill had a sailing regatta this weekend. We got back today. You sail, Mr. Phillips? Yeah. Paul sail? He tried. He'd get seasick. (Eames) Neither of you spoke to Paul since Friday? We were trying to foster more independence. Build his self-esteem. (Goren) This tux here, the one in the photo, is this yours? It just looks big on him. He likes to borrow my things. Well, looks like he spilled something on it and then put the whole thing in the wash. How stupid can you be? It's ruined! My boy. He just... you said he'd been better lately. Is he on medication? Several. [Clears throat] Bill, they need to know. I'll get you a list. So Paul's meds are all for depression. We were also on the lookout for schizophrenia. There's a history in bill's family. And he's embarrassed by it. He's private. Detective, I didn't see any signs that Paul was slipping. Maybe... a year ago. But recently... It seemed like he was happy for the first time. Cause of death... Asphyxiation from hanging. But he didn't do it himself? Not unless he fractured his own skull first. His hair masked the bruising, but there was extensive internal bleeding. So he was out cold when he was hanged. (Goren) Any other bruises? (Rodgers) Just gettin' to that. There are more around the kidneys, groin, buttocks. But these are from two to three days before his death. He literally got his ass kicked. (Goren) No hits to the face, upper body. We've seen this before. In abused wives, children. The abuser knows not to hit them where it'll show. (Ross) So Paul took a beating on Saturday and was hanged on Monday. Poor kid. His backpack turn up? Not at his home, and not in manor hill" public spaces or classrooms. What about student lockers? His school's legal team's getting back to us on that. The problem may be less in school than in house. Tell me we're not talking about bill Phillips. The pit bull in pinstripes. Corporate raider. Buys up companies, fires half the staff, bullies the rest. (Goren) Bullies are disgusted by weakness. His son Paul was a disappointment. A lot of dads are disappointed by their kids. Doesn't mean they'd hang them. Well, Phillips' family has a history of schizophrenia. I mean, he knows the misery, the inevitability. He could have seen his son slipping and... Cut his losses? I hope you're wrong. Yeah! (Goren) We were surprised when your wife said that you were playing squash. That's how I deal with bad news... Get out my anger. I'm afraid we may have more bad news. We don't think Paul committed suicide. What are you saying? You told us Paul didn't have many friends. Maybe he fell in with a new crowd recently, a tougher crowd? He barely left his damn room. Here's what's troubling... Paul was... he was beaten badly sometime Saturday. Bruises all over him where you couldn't see them. You said that you were away sailing, but the regatta didn't start till Sunday. We made a weekend of it. What, you think I hit him? Are you nuts? Well, you do have a temper. And you have your nerve. Any more questions? Yeah. Where were ya Monday afternoon? Board meeting in Virginia. I took off in my gulfstream from Teterboro at 10:00 A.M. You know, they told me that major case was an elite unit. I'm underwhelmed. Thank you. If he were my dad, I'd hide in my room too. So outcast at home, outcast at school. Paul had to have someone, right? (Kiana) Everyone is gonna have to geek up and wipe their hard drives clean. Deleting's not good enough. Freeware. I emailed you all the link. Wait. Will this erase my school notes? No, boo, only the target file gets snuffed. [Typing] Check it. The grief counselor gave you my name? (Eames) She just told us you and Paul were friends. She didn't tell us what you two spoke about. Well, not many students spoke to her at all, Jack. What are you trying to say? The officers aren't convinced Paul killed himself. Oh. If this isn't a good place to talk... I just don't wanna miss any class work. Yeah, I think that we would rather talk to you at your home. All right. Thanks. This is a big year for us. Jack's applying to Harvard in the fall. Dad, I wanna help. This needs to stay off the record. Sorry. So, uh... Paul talk to you about, uh, who beat him up over the weekend? He got beat up? Oh... Oh, what, Jack? That's why he made the video. Paul just said he was fed up and he wasn't gonna take it anymore. The photoshopped faces, uh... Of these girls... They were in your classroom today. Yeah, Tess Nobile and Kiana Richmond. Nobile. Is she related to the teacher? Her daughter. I told Paul not to send it. But by noon on Monday, he'd already v-cast it to half the student body. And four hours later, he was dead. You wanna invade our privacy, you're gonna have to cut our lock. We don't have Paul's backpack. This is crazy. Mom, they're searching my locker. You don't have the right to do this. No, see, we do. Private schools act in loco parentis. Your headmaster gave us permission. Keifer, this isn't right! Found two laptops. This one is my daughter's, and you can't look at it without a search warrant. That much I know. Well, we'll get one. You already guantanamoed my locker. Y'all wanna bust in my laptop, go ahead. I got nothin' to hide. [Whooping] (Ira) Kiana used data utility wiping freeware, but it performs like malware. In English, Ira. She downloaded a free program to permanently delete a video file, but it just moved it to another part of her hard drive. Half the school saw Paul's prank video. Why go to all the trouble to erase it? Different video. This one's of your Vic. It was downloaded to a computer Saturday night. Now we know how Paul got his bruises. Did they post this on the net? I haven't found it anywhere. Could you, uh, roll it back and slow it down? (Goren) Wearing sports goggles. (Eames) She runs with her left hand low, her right high. That's how you hold a lacrosse stick. My cousin played girls' lacrosse. Guess what they call the three frontline players? Attack men. I don't need no daddy. I can take care of myself. Really? That's not what your daddy told us. Kiana's father is here. Father and lawyer. Why is my daughter in your custody? [Paul grunting] I don't know. That sure seems to be you. Racial profiling. It's not me. (Sutton) She says it's not her. Let's move on. When the man speaks, the man listens. You have any idea who these girls are? Nope. How 'bout Tessa Nobile? Some people think you and she are more than just friends. What's that supposed to mean? That's offensive. Turn it off. (Ross) I'm very sorry. We apologize. (Goren) That video is... Retaliation for the beat down. You misunderstand Kiana. She grew up on park Avenue, not the projects. Oh, we get it, her ghetto act only fools her private school pals. Yo, I know more about the projects than you. (Goren) Do you? Tell me, Kiana, what would they do in the projects if someone dissed 'em like that? Make sure they didn't never dis them again. (Sutton) My daughter's done posing. Every girl on that lacrosse team is gonna be lawyered up by the end of the day. The ones that can afford it. Tessa's mom's a teacher. Which makes Tessa the weak link. Which girls on your team did this? You don't have to talk to them. The warrant is only for your computer. Should we start with emails or ims? Hey, those are private. Um... Try Luvforty. There's a lot of... That's before prom night. So click on... Don't, please. I think I can help. Those are my teammates, but I wasn't there. You weren't? Mom. They did it because Paul hurt me. See, I was supposed to go to the prom with Luvforty, Joe... Luvforty, tennis player. Yeah. But Paul told him the lacrosse team was all lesbians, so Joe ditched me. Paul had it in for you. Any idea why? That's the weird thing. I asked Paul why he hated me. After his tape went out. Uh-huh. He said he didn't. That he loved me way more than Joe. Were you surprised? We never even hung out. I told him... You're the last person on earth I could ever love. He started crying. And then he ran off into the tunnels. If he killed himself because of me... Did you tell anyone about what Paul said? Kiana. Before lacrosse practice. How did she react? Hey, you have to tell them what you know. Kiana told me not to worry. She was gonna put an end to it. I was at lacrosse practice when Paul died. Ask my teammates. We did. They back you. But your coach said you were half an hour late. He said, they said. What was it about, Paul? Was it that he was a weird kid, you know, awkward, always staring? I had nothing against Paul until he started dissing me. Oh, no, you mean dissing you and Tessa. Now, were you mad at him because he outed you? Or maybe because he had the guts to say something that you never could, that he had a crush on Tessa? My daughter is not a murderer, and she is not a lesbian. Which of those scares you more, Mr. Richmond? You don't know my daughter. Neither do you. Look Paul deserved to be got... But I didn't kill him. My plan was to jam his bike lock, make him walk home. Light punishment. It wouldn't be. Once we shoved him in a car trunk, stripped him, and dumped him in the south Bronx. What do you know about the south Bronx? I know things, dad. Get used to it. Messing with his bike made me late for practice. There were no signs of tampering. That's because Ms. Nobile caught me. (Goren) Ms. Nobile. You're sure. She asked me what I was doing. I said getting back at Paul. For his video. So she knew. I showed it to her. She needed to know what Paul did to her daughter. She said go back to practice, forget about it. She'd talk to Paul. [Knock on door] Can I talk to you about Paul? Jerry, can we have a minute? I've known Paul... Since we were four. No one ever bullied him while I was around. Mm. Yeah. You were a good friend to him. I still am. Look, Ms. Nobile... I really hope Tess wasn't involved in this. But if she was... She's gonna pay. Anna Nobile tells Kiana she's gonna have a talk with Paul, and then she discovers his body. She say anything when her daughter implicated Kiana? Not a word. How did we miss her on the first pass? She's a renaissance art scholar and a mom. You arrested a lot of those? University of Florence graduate. Associate curator at the frick. Then she goes from teaching at risd to manor hill? Turns out when mom signed on to teach, Tessa got a full scholarship. Anna put her career aside to ensure the daughter had the best shot possible. If she ever thought that Tessa's future was being threatened... Tell headmaster Gates we wanna go ahead to search Anna's faculty office. If he gives you any guff, tell him we'll be by with a warrant and a dozen tabloid photographers by lunch. That would be a bluff? That would. How well did you know Paul Phillips? He was in one of my five classes. Did he ever come for office hours? Never. He had a hard time just making eye contact. Really, Ms. Nobile? Looks like I have Paul Phillips' phone and... Mr. Phillips' notebooks. Monday afternoon, right before Paul was killed, Kiana showed you the video he made. You didn't tell us about that. I was protecting my daughter. I was afraid Tessa was part of that pack that beat up Paul. They could expel her for that. But she said she wasn't there. I wasn't sure she was telling the truth. And we're not sure if you're telling the truth. Paul ruined Tessa's prom and her first love. And then you saw the video he made... And you ran off in a rage to find him. Which I did... Hanging from a pipe. Maybe you strung him up over that pipe. Me? [Laughs] I could barely hold up Paul's legs when I tried to save him. If there's anyone I wanna kill, it's Joe. You didn't like Joe? I never met him. Tessa only met him once at a party. They call it a cyber relationship. But I saw his web page, I read his emails, and I thought he was the perfect boy for her. She let you read his emails. In the beginning. She wanted my approval, and I gave it, freely. He had such poetry. So he was a... Like a... A sensitive soul. What... what made you change your mind about him? After prom weekend, there was an envelope under my office door from Joe with photos of Paul being beaten by the girls. Joe's note said that Tessa was one of them and that he'd post the video online unless I resigned. You were being blackmailed. Mm-hmm. Did you tell anyone at school? At manor hill? [Laughs] Please. Those other girls would be protected by their parents, but if Tessa were involved, she'd be the scapegoat, kicked out right before her senior year. Anna's story checks out. Here's a copy of the blackmail letter from Joe, and the photos. Okay, so Joe's a blackmailer. What does he have to say about Paul's murder? We're still trying to find him. Bristol academy is not being cooperative. Terrific. Track him through his friendpost page? He took it down. But I'm using the wayback machine. The archive snapshots of all websites. There's your Joe cardinal. (Ross) Handsome kid. (Goren) The school may not confirm that he's there, but, I mean, here he is on the campus. (Ross) Likes tennis, camus, hangin' wit da boyz'. Not a lotta wall action. Probably doesn't use the site very much. I have a couple of teenage boys. Well, his friends list, the only kids from manor hill on it are Tessa and Paul. (Eames) So why would a kid from a Connecticut boarding school with no connections to manor hill try to blackmail one of their teachers? Get up there and ask him. (Ms. Bradley) I can help you, since this doesn't concern our students' privacy. No Joseph cardinal currently or ever enrolled here. You checked. Don't need to. Got 'em all up here. You sure that you've never seen this face? Not a student here. Our course catalogue from last spring, and those aren't students. You use models. We need this. You're welcome. (Goren) this is the hiking picture from Joe's page. These photos were cut and pasted onto Joe's friendpost page. Joe cardinal doesn't exist. "(Ross) " I dreamed of your face last night, the freckles on your cheek"? One man's poetry... (Goren) Bristol tennis team. Summer house on the vineyard. Tessa's on a scholarship, self-conscious. This kind of boyfriend was tailor-made to give her status. Could she have created him? We checked. Different ips, different locations. And then there's Joe's ims to Tessa from prom night. "What's under your dress?" "Webcam me, and I'm smiling all night." Cheeky. (Eames) Tessa said no. Half an hour later, Joe backs out of the prom and uses Paul as his excuse. Inventing Joe, asking for a strip video. Lotta work just to humiliate her. What if humiliating Tessa wasn't the goal, but... a means to an end? Anna Nobile cares about her daughter more than anything on the earth. And we know whoever invented Joe tried to blackmail Anna into resigning. (Ross) Starts with a hoax, escalates to a beating, ends with a murder. Some kid or kids at that school put all this in motion just to take down a teacher? Lord of the flies up there. I met Joe at Nessing's party. You were there? Eric Nessing is a senior. Class clown. His parents went out of town, he sold his key to some juniors. It got out of hand. Did you talk to Joe at the party? I must have. I had a lot of punch, so things got kind of fuzzy. He friended me the next day, he said he liked my dress. The green one. He said he liked the way I danced when I took off my shoes. He liked the way you danced when you took off your... Shoes. Are... are you still in touch with him? I email him. He never writes back. Could we talk to your mom alone? Sure. That boy's no good. Not only is he no good, he's not real. Someone made him up so they could toy with Tessa. Why would anyone want to hurt my daughter? Maybe to get at you. Could Paul have pretended to be Joe? It's not possible. For Paul to write poetry would be like a... Tone-deaf boy singing nessun dorma. Okay then. Which students resent you? Everyone who doesn't get an "a." So you're a tough grader? Yeah, I... I also initiated community service as a requirement for graduation. That didn't go over too well either. [Hip-hop music] Yeah, yeah! (Ross) What are we lookin' at? (Eames) Pictures of the party where Tessa met Joe, all posted online. Kids these days live their lives publicly. They don't realize once it's out there... (Eames) they nametag their photos. 40 of them go to manor hill... Including Paul on the outside looking in. Assuming he's not Joe, that still leaves 3 dozen other suspects. If we cast that wide a net, parents are gonna raise hell. Well, then, let's line catch 'em. And whoever's behind Joe... Is obsessed with taking Anna down. If he thought that he failed, maybe he'd react. What if instead of Anna resigning, she gets promoted? (Girl) Oh, no. (Boy) Yes, she is. [Murmuring] Hey. Can I help you? I was just dropping off a paper. Yeah? "You didn't resign like you agreed. Now what's more important, your job or your daughter?" What class would that be for? Lawyer? (Eames) Anytime you wanna call your dad about that lawyer... After all, that's what dads are for. Maybe you don't wanna involve your dad. Maybe you'd just rather tell us what you know. I'm not a rat. I'm just heeling for scouts & scholars. Heeling? Competing. It's a future leaders club. But you may be joining a less prestigious one... The "I could have been an Ivy leaguer" "if I hadn't gone to juvie" club. Someone from scouts & scholars ordered you to drop this off. So we need to know who. I don't know. But everyone knows the Jack pack runs scouts. Write down the names, please. I'll never get in now. Jeffy coughed up ten names, but Eric Nessing, Brant Williams, and Jack Walker are the three who brought grading challenges against Anna Nobile this semester. Any of them so desperate for an "a" they'd kill? Nessing's already admitted to brown. But the other two are juniors. Brant's a legacy at Yale. And Walker's family went to Harvard. Bring 'em in. One of 'em isn't going Ivy league. Nessing. Oh, you're the kid who sold your key to the juniors so that they could have a party at your house, right? Dad told me to be more industrious. I tell you, that prank's become pretty legendary. [Chuckles] And what about creating Joe? Was that gonna be your next legendary prank? Look, if Tess thought she could land a guy like that, she deserved to get punked. I'm just saying. Paul liked Tess, so we created Joe as a cyrano thing. And prom night was gonna be bait and switch. Yeah. When Paul told her he was Joe, she'd fall for him. Two last picks finding true love together. Except that was never gonna happen because this was never about Tessa or Paul. The real target was Ms. Nobile. Joe gets Tessa to strip on camera, and you guys blackmail her mother to resign. What's wrong with trying to get rid of a teacher who makes you do community service and gives out "c" s? Is there a crime in that? He's right, detective. We're talking about harmless schoolboy pranks. No, we're talking about murder. I had nothing to do with murder. One of you did. Now, if it wasn't you, who was it? Nessing or Jack? Loyalty or Yale? Your call. Nessing's the picador. Jack's the matador. What's this about, detectives? Do you have a suspect in Paul's murder? Joe cardinal. He goes to another school, and he was a friend of Paul's. Then what does this have to do with Jack? We need Jack to tell us all he can about Joe. Dad, I never even met the guy. Easy, we know you ran errands for him. (Stanford) These errands, my client can't discuss them if they might lead... Mr. Walker, the only person we're interested in prosecuting is Joe. All right, then, son, tell them what you know. No. I'm not gonna rat anybody out. Do not be an idiot. You're not gonna throw away your future protecting some sociopath. (Stanford) Walker, it's all going to work out. Jack is an outstanding scholar/athlete. His future is bright. He means I'm going to Harvard. (Eames) don't count on that, Jack. Right now we have enough to charge you with extortion. A felony. You just said you weren't interested in prosecuting him. Dad, hello? They're bluffing. Do you have any idea how much it took to get you this far? Your grandfather and I donated a computer room at manor hill to keep you enrolled after middle school. That was in middle school, dad. We've been endowing a chair in Cambridge for the last five years. For the last five years. Yeah, I know. So tell me, what is your problem? [Jack strikes billiard ball] Tell him. Come on. Go ahead, tell him. Tell him how sick you are of hearing that you'll never make it on your own. That's not what I'm saying. Aren't you on the tennis team, scouts and scholars? And a 3.7129 gpa. (Eames) Wow. Four decimals. So why does your dad think you need to be carried? What's wrong with a father helping his son? I don't need help. Especially not from you. (Goren) He's right. I mean, he's a successful young man, and you think he's a failure. I mean, that's... Okay, you are way out of line here. And you better start talking to them and tell them what you know. I'm not gonna rat out Joe. (Goren) Good for you. That's what cops like. They like people that won't turn on their friends, you know? (Walker) Okay, Jack, now why are you doing this? Why are you protecting this moron? Moron? You would like Joe. How many times have you bitched about how the school is going down the tubes, and how teachers like miss Nobile were ruining manor hill? Joe figured out how to stop it. (Goren) true. Yeah. He devised a plan where only the... Less desirable would suffer. That's right. How smart was that? Like Paul. A suicide waiting to happen. He wouldn't have survived a semester at college. Not even a chance. (Eames) and Tessa. [Scoffs] A loser on scholarship, freeloading off our tuition. Just like you said, dad. Jack, you cannot take things like that out of context. I feel it's in my client's best interest to take a break. (Eames) What about Kiana? She's a star athlete. If she wasn't black, she'd be going to u of m next year, not Wellesley. Just like he said. Five years, the yearbook was gonna look like the cover of national geographic. Joe orchestrated the things better than your father's friends could ever have done. He should be thanking Joe. He should be thanking you. There is no Joe. Your son created him. [Scoffs] Tell her that she's wrong. Now. You see that? Jack, he... he won't even give you credit... He... for creating Joe. Creating Joe's friendpost page, his friends, the perfect match for Tessa Nobile. Jackie couldn't have done that. He's not sm... he's not creative enough. Never finishes what he starts. Dad, shut up. I did it, okay? For you. (Stanford) This is off the record. None of this is admissible. So the school could be what it was when you went there. That's enough. (Stanford) Jack. Shut your mouth, Stanford. Dad thinks you're a tool too. He would never let you take anything to trial. There is no Joe. I did it all. He's just saying this to get attention. Every step of the way. I almost had Tess stripping for Joe on webcam. But she said no. Yeah. At the very end. (Eames) that's when you told her Joe was dumping her. Well, it wasn't like he was gonna show up to the prom, now was it? Paul was. He was waiting for Tessa. How did you handle that? Yeah, well, I had to scramble. I knew Kiana had a crush on Tess. So I played her against Paul. And that worked too, dad. Those girls... This is so darwinian. Those girls beat the crap out of him and videotaped it. And then Paul struck back with his video. Dumb geek. I told him not to. I can't... What I don't get, I mean, you're so sm... You're so smart. You, uh, uh, you didn't attack Paul, did you? I didn't attack Paul. He came at me. Because he realized you'd ruined things with Tessa and got him beat up. He was weak. Just one little shove and he went down. Jackie. H. Jack Walker the third, you're under arrest for the murder of Paul Phillips. (Walker) all right. It's all right. I'll bail you out. It'll be okay. You still don't get it, do you, dad? You can't fix it this time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 