Law & Order: Criminal Intent: Season 7, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent 
 s7e17 - Vanishing Act - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001–2011): Season 7, Episode 17 - Vanishing Act - full transcript 
 A "modern age" magician disappears from the coffin in which he had buried himself for thirty-one days...only to reappear in an older magician's "blade box", with seven swords stuck in his body. Goren and Eames initially suspect the old man of murder, but he is quickly cleared when the M.E. informs them that the victim starved to death. However, further testing shows that he had been given potassium cyanide through his I.V. drip, mimicking a heart attack, and the investigation turns to a small circle of suspects who had their own motives for wanting this magician dead. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Male announcer) In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the major case squad. These are their stories. Miles Stone. He can do it. Totally. He's hot. The guy is a chick magnet. I'll tell ya something. When they dig him out of there, we are gonna par-tay. I'm gonna be happy with his overflow. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪Miles Stone's♪ ♪the next Houdini♪ ♪when he escapes,♪ ♪I'll buy him a martini♪ ♪Miles Stone lies♪ ♪six feet under♪ ♪how he does it♪ ♪makes this cowboy wonder♪ [Cheers and applause] (Shaun Robinson) Harry Houdini once buried himself alive for 31 minutes. David Blaine a week. Magic phenom Miles Stone has been buried alive for 31 days. And tonight in the shadow of Harry Houdini's final resting place, Miles Stone will attempt to rise from the grave while the world watches. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Cheers and applause] Cut to the casket. We're on, Amanda. Miranda. Amanda. Miranda. Whichever. This is what Miles Stone told access Hollywood exclusively before embarking on his latest visionary challenge 31 days ago. I've gone beyond tricks. I'm taking my mind and my body to the absolute limit. Magic as we know it is dying. And I'm willing to risk my life to revive it. The public doesn't want cheap tricks and illusions anymore. It wants reality. Try giving them that with a top hat, a rabbit, and a deck of cards. There, sir. Is that your card? [Scattered applause] Thank you. Thank you. You all come in the same cab? Kidding. Now I'm going to attempt something so dangerous it's been banned in 39 states and the district of Columbia. All of you faint of heart, you've been warned. Clearly, Miranda has grown too big for her sequined britches. High time I cut her down a size with these razor sharp, hand forged, carbon steel samurai swords! [Gasps and exclamations] Something's wrong. Dig him up! Miles said "under no circumstances." Kill the feed! Get Miles out of there now! Move! Don't worry, ladies and gentlemen. This won't hurt... Much. (Jacob) Come on, dig him up! Get these cameras out of here! Come on! Dig him up! Move! [Grunts] [Grunts] Where is he? Where's Miles Stone? Oh, my lord. Oh, my lord. Oh, my... Miles. (Woman) The great Carmine saved his best trick for last. Carmine closes the lid, does the swords, opens the box, and presto. Miles Stone. At 9:45, his lovely assistant climbed into this. This is a, uh, a-a-a blade box. It's... it's a-a classic. You know, old school magicians, they all have this in their repertoire. My uncle used to take me to Tannen's magic shop. Carmine and his assistant. He's in his dressing room. Miranda... no last name... Fled the scene. You get statements from the audience? All six of 'em. They only saw what they were supposed to see. Rigor is just setting in. This guy's emaciated. Well, he's been on a diet, locked in a casket for a month. Even so, seven stab wounds, there'd be more blood. Mm. Well, this isn't a typical blade box. It's a, uh, modified mummy cabinet. See, what... what... There should be a mummy where Stone is now. The system closes the door. Now I... I... inside, there's a... Spinning cabinet here like this to trade places with the mummy. And she should show up in the back of the house. So this explains how she got out and how Stone got in, or how someone put him in. Where'd the assistant go? Oh, backstage, there's a fire exit. Oh, you're ruining the illusion. Please call me as soon as you can. Something went wrong. It was awful. I didn't even know her last name. You always hire strangers? Last month, out of the blue, my girl Mercedes quit on me. Been with me for years. In walks this new kid. Costume fits. She has experience. I hired her. Well, how'd you find her? Craigslist? Who's Craig? I put the word out. She found me. I didn't mean to kill Miles. When the swords go in, that box should be empty. So someone wants us to believe you wanted Stone dead. Come on. He used to sweep my stage. I taught him twisting aces. I gave him his start. He's a star now. Besides, I'm practically the only guy in the business who still likes him. How's that? He's got no respect. Makes himself out to be... Better than the tradition. Tradition. Does that include... Getting drunk before you go onstage? I mean, not even that onion could keep the smell of vodka off ya. Just enough to loosen up the old cords. [Cell phone rings] "The great Carmine, "the man who taught Dean Holiday, Miles Stone everything they know." Mm, the great Carmine. Let him dry out in holding. We got another stop to make. The grave's been filled in before anyone called the cops? People thought Stone's vanishing act was part of the show. By the time we got here, the casket was already loaded in the hearse. Doesn't smell like anyone's been living in this thing for a month. Gotta be a-a-a trap door somewhere. Mm. When my partner's done playing, send this over to the trap specialist at the garage. [Casket thuds] Who's in charge? Guy named Jacob Green. Of course he was supposed to be in the casket when it opened. I can't explain how this happened. Can't or won't? Well, I-I think Mr. Green feels he has to protect Miles Stone's secrets. You know, I-I respect that. But this is a murder investigation. I only know what everyone knows. Miles was buried in that casket with nothing but a breathing tube, a catheter, and an iv for fluids. And a web cam streaming a live feed. Last night was the moment he dreamed of. He'd done it. Sounds more like self torture than a magic trick. He called it the new magic. Trained like a triathlete. Mm. What about the red alert? The vital signs crashing. That big rush to pry him out. That was preplanned for the finale. Miles liked drama. How did he keep track of time underground? Pure mind over matter. He was a Superman. I still think when I get home I'll find him in my kitchen drinking my last beer. (Woman) Where is he? Where's Miles Stone? (Ross) Magicians are like doctors and priests now? Jacob Green thinks he can claim some kind of magician's privilege? That's their code. You know, you can't tell anyone how a trick works. And Carmine isn't talking either. Well, he's still sleeping it off. Anyway, that trick is too sophisticated for an old drunk. Okay, how about the missing assistant? She was backstage putting on her sequins by 9:00. Miles Stone had to have been on his way to coney island by then. Out of his casket and into a blade box without anyone seeing how it was done. You have a theory, detective? I-I'd tell ya, but, you know... The code. (Woman) I've done thousands of autopsies. Never seen bowels this empty. That and his muscle tone, looks like he's been in a box for a month. Well, he was on an iv for nourishment. Bare minimum. Just enough to keep him alive. Is that why he didn't bleed much when he was stabbed? No. If his heart was pumping, he'da gushed no matter how emaciated he was. So what killed him? Heart attack. An arrhythmia brought on by prolonged, acute malnutrition. He starved himself to death. (Goren) Then why wasn't he in the casket when they opened it? Carmine will be relieved to hear that the guy he stabbed was already dead. [Door opens] Officer, where's the old man? He's been in here all... I don't unders... He couldn't have just... Disappeared. Well, he is the, you know, great Carmine. Yeah, I guess we underestimated him. Tell us what happened, officer Jones. The old man asked for some coffee. So you brought him a cup. Handed it to him through the bars. Was his, uh, hand steady? He had the DTs. Spilled coffee all over himself and me. So it was, like, shaky? Sure. That's what I was saying. Hey! That's my fault. That's my fault. I'm very sorry. Here. I got it. No, let me... Let me just help you out. You want to do it? Fine. It's... I’m... I'm sorry. And then you help him, you know, helped him wipe it up, I guess. Yeah. Here. You know, it's the classic misdirect, right? That's why magicians have pretty girls with them because you're lookin' at the girl instead of... (Ross) Speaking of pretty girls, when you find Carmine, see what he knows about his mysterious assistant. And officer Jones, you and I aren't done yet. Clothes. Cards. Handkerchiefs. Everything a magician might need. Looks like Carmine was getting ready to take his act on the road. [Laughs] This is a-a-a Dollhouse. A-A illusion. I wanted one of these when I was a kid. Look at this. [Cane snaps] [Cane smacks sides] Can't take me back to jail again. I swear, I didn't kill Miles. Yeah, w... w... we know. So I'm free to go. I-I gotta gig in Elko. Need to catch a bus. Not until you tell us how his body got into your blade box. I got no idea. Your assistant might know. Oh, that's right. You don't know who she is. She worked for Dean Holiday. That was good enough for me. Did you call Holiday, you know, check it out? Why? She knew his act. Inside stuff. I'da known if she wasn't on the square. No last name. No phone number. You did pay her, right? Under the table, same as me. We good? Sorry. We have to charge you for your great escape. Uh, well, maybe there's a little something more I can, uh, give you to, uh, identify her. A man has needs. You know this woman? Goes by the name of Miranda. She was Carmine's assistant. Carmine's still a peeping Tom. Hole in dressing room wall? Uh, no. Teddy bear nanny cam. Hmm. Old boy's keeping up with the times. And what about his assistant? Must be new. She wasn't with him last year when he came backstage. (Woman over P.A. system) Mr. Holiday, two minutes. Oh, but Carmine said he hired her because she worked with you. Knew your act. Probably got it off the Internet. You'd be amazed how many web sites are devoted to me. Oh, I can't wait to check them out. Well, why not just stay for my midnight show? Atlantic City is hoppin' after dark. Some other time, maybe. This girl. She duped Carmine. He may not be as sharp as he used to be. Although, I did hear he escaped recently from one police Plaza. Is he really a suspect? You think he's beyond that? Carmine's old school. Catskills. Sullivan show. Stone's illusions are way too advanced for him. M.E. told us, um, Stone really was buried alive. No trick. Believe me, detective. You ask any true magician, there is always a trick. Took me a while to figure this one out. Electromagnetic strips hidden in the head panel and edges of the casket. As long as the juice is runnin', the magnetic seal won't budge. Where'd the current come from? Carbon battery like this strip. Hidden in the base of the casket. Looks like ordinary black tape. Mm-hmm. So how did he turn it off to open the trap? With a remote like this one. No locks or latches. Ingenious. Well, ingenious as it is, Stone was still buried six feet under. It may be a clever way out. But out to where? Here's where your cemetery tunnel ends. Maybe 50 yards from the grave. Well, Stone would have had to crawl to... to get here. But from here on, he could've gone anywhere. Well, the shape he was in, he couldn't have gone far. Oh, it's cemetery dirt. Mm. Lot of tracks. Tracks that way. (Woman) This isn't about Miles. It's about you too. Your future. Your career. My career? I'm freaking out here. What if they find it? They won't. We're the only ones who know where it is. Teresa, you swear you never told anyone? How can you even ask me that? Eames. Where could that go? Well, easy in, easy out. (Eames) An open casket. Matches the one in the cemetery. And a web cam. Miles Stone didn't spend 31 days in that cemetery. He spent it in here. Why'd you bring me here? What is this? You know what it is. This is where the real web cam was set up. So his fans could watch him suffer for his vision day and night. Right here. And when he needed a break, you switched to the pre-recorded video loop. It was a sham. I don't know anything about this. (Goren) You don't? But it was your design. The tunnel and the electromagnetic traps I mean, Stone couldn't have come up with this on his own. He didn't have a high school education. But you, Caltech at 16. Straight A's in engineering. I'm telling you, I was never here. We're gonna find your fingerprints on this casket and your DNA all over this room. Oh. Look, I was just trying to protect him. From what? Himself. Miles started to believe his own hype. He wanted to be buried for real. I told him I could make it look and feel real with a lot less risk. Well, I guess you were wrong. I had nothing to do with his death. You know I was at the cemetery. I was on TV. You had an accomplice. Who else knew about this place? No one. I had the only key. (Goren) Oh. Well, then, I guess you're the last one to see him alive. Because I was keeping him alive. I changed his iv bags, I made sure he got exercise, I put salve on his sores. Oh, we get it. You were a regular Florence Nightingale. You know who this woman is? She goes by the name of Miranda. She was Carmine's assistant. I don't know her. Sorry. Can I go now? Nope. We've had enough vanishing acts lately. Officers. You're arresting me? Yup. That's what happens when you lie to the police. So, Jacob says that he changed Stone's iv bags. Stone had a central line inserted. That's something that... That doctors do. These gloves, they seem small for a man. Our missing assistant fit into Mercedes' costumes. I bet she fit into these. Serial number. Mm. This stuff's not mail order. She might have had access to a hospital. Well, I missed it the first time. Color me chagrined. Potassium chloride? Yeah, triggers a heart attack. There were traces of it in the IV bags and at the insertion point of the central line. But it's hard to detect. Impossible, once it's in the body. Perfect choice for an angel of mercy. We traced the IV bags back to this hospital. This is a municipal hospital. Things disappear. And these are all the female physicians? Mm-hmm. What about the nurses? Oh, you have to be at least a resident to insert a central line. What a nurse is authorized to do and what a nurse is capable of are two different things. We have over 800 nurses on staff here. Do you want photos of each one? Yeah, start with the units that specialize in long-term iv care. [Knock at door] (Teresa) It sounds lame, I know, but I joined the sideshow to get Jacob's attention. It's like he was engaged to Miles, instead of to me, the amount of time they spent together. Oh, you and Jacob are engaged? Then how come when we showed him your picture, he said he didn't know you? Probably weirded out. He had no idea I was working for Carmine. Oh, why'd you keep that a secret? I was going to bring Jacob to the show and surprise him for his birthday. And how did you hear about the job? Was that, um, Carmine's ad or his post on Craigslist? Craigslist. That's it. Mm, why'd you disappear the night Carmine stabbed Stone? I panicked. Something went wrong with the trick. I just freaked out and ran. Oh. I just... I, you know, I have one more question. So when was the last time you were at the safe room? Because we found your prints on these. I was just there once. I swear. All I did was insert the line. We found potassium chloride at the insertion point and on the iv bags. Do you have a professional opinion about how they got there? Do I need a lawyer? Carmine didn't post on Craigslist. No, but Teresa did get her job in time for Stone's grand finale. We left calls for his old assistant. It's time to pay her a visit. She didn't call you back because Mercedes didn't take her cell phone with her. With her where? My sister won a contest. A cruise around the world. Wow. She really hit the jackpot. Ah, it was a dream come true. She always wanted to travel. You know where she is now? Um, well, the last postcard I got was a week ago. Oh, Casablanca. You know who sponsored this contest? She didn't even remember entering. But sometimes fate works in mysterious ways. Doesn't it? Thank you. Her lifelong dream. Someone made it happen. Mm, just like magic. I'm getting something else. College. Freshman year. A tattoo parlor. But you chickened out. My folks would have killed me. [Laughter] You never got that tattoo. Right? There's no way I could know what it was. Well, Shelly, tell me. Does this take you back? No way. That's the tattoo I wanted. But you're forgetting something, right? The name of an old flame? Oh, my gosh. That's my college sweetheart. [Cheers and applause] How did you do that? Well, I would tell you, but... I'd have to kill you. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [Whispering and laughter] Detectives. We caught the end of your show. Your stage manager let us in. Shelly, why don't you and your friends go down and have a drink on me, and we'll do that photograph a little later, all right? Okay. You should have called. I would have comped you. How'd you like my act? It was magical. [Laughs] (Goren) Eames. Look, it's our friend, Adele. With the great Carmine and her sister Mercedes. Only met her the one time. Don't remember the name. (Goren) she was Carmine's assistant. Until she won an around-the-world cruise. Only we checked with the cruise line. She didn't win any contest. Turns out someone here in Atlantic city wired cash to buy her a ticket. A lot of high rollers in this town. (Goren) Yeah. Well, somehow, one of them knew that her dream was to see the world. You know, like he read her mind, much like you just did onstage. You know, onstage with that girl. Oh, you think that's what I was doing tonight? What would you call it? [Clears throat] Hold on. I-I think I'm getting something here. I think there are some unresolved issues with a man in your life. Some trust issues. He's betrayed you, hasn't he? Kept a secret from you. Not for the first time. Poor thing. How's my aim? Pretty close? Well, good chance guesses, they usually are. Anyway, that's the trick of a cold read. Psychics, charlatans use it all the time, you know, to con their clients. (Eames) Or an audience. Well, so do criminal profilers. Biggest frauds of all. What's the name of that shrink who helped catch the mad bomber back in the '50s? James Brussels. Right, now he said that the bomber would be German, a loner with a facial scar... (Goren) yeah, meticulously dressed in a double-breasted suit. Right, and... When he was arrested, he was wearing just that. But he wasn't German. Right, and he had no scar, but... Brussels didn't get it all right, but he did get enough right to stop a madman. Oh, come on. Brussels was way off his read. He's just another carny tent hustler who got over. Oh, I'm sorry. You consider him to be the father of criminal profiling, don't you? [Scoffs] This guy... yeah, and you, you leave your eyes open when you do a read. I mean, that's your tell... There's two kind of psychics: The kind that shut their eyes, who truly believe that they have a gift, and then the ones that leave their eyes open like you, who know that they're a con. Well, I told you, there's always a trick. I admit I'm a fraud. How about you? Actually, we were wondering if you were a murderer. Now there you go. That is a good chance guess. But you missed. Wanna try another? (Goren) We know that Mercedes went backstage after Holiday's show. Where he read her mind. I believe you, but do we have any proof Holiday paid for her cruise ticket? No trace in his financials, but it wouldn't be hard for him to hide 100,000 in cash. He makes that much money? Yup. Nothing compared to Stone. This is Stone's latest deal with NBC. Nine million over three years. Mm-hmm, Holiday had a similar deal, but they dropped him when they signed Stone. So where was he the night Stone died? At the casino for his midnight show. According to his keycard, he was in his room all evening. Guy made the space needle disappear. I'm sure he can make it look like he was in his room when he wasn't. Teresa's lawyer's here. Maybe she's ready to deal. A few weeks ago, I was walking home from work and I hear someone call my name. Dean Holiday, in a limo. He just happened to be cruising by the hospital? What'd he want? We just talked. About the cemetery stunt? He couldn't get over it. He kept saying how brilliant Jacob was. How Miles was just the face, but Jacob had the real talent. He ask you how the trick worked? I didn't tell him. I swear. He talked like he already knew. He said, "there has to be a tunnel." I said, "I don't know." And he said, "I thought so." Well, he was reading you. Your reactions. I didn't mean to give it away. You proud of Jacob? He doesn't know how good he is. And after you told Holiday that, did he offer to make Jacob a star? He said he could help. In exchange for putting potassium chloride in Stone's iv? No. No, I swear. All he said was that his friend Carmine needed an assistant for a few weeks. That's all he wanted? Jacob cannot know. Okay? Three nights, I slept on the couch, worried that he would smell Holiday's Cologne on me. I've told you everything I know. Just please don't tell Jacob. She told Holiday about the safe room? No way. She would never betray me. No? Then why was she working for Carmine without telling you? I don't know. Wanna guess who got her the job? Teresa would never hurt Miles or me. Jacob, only you and Teresa knew about the safe room. And you think that she would never tell Holiday. Then how did Stone's body end up in coney island? Jacob. Jacob, please. Say something. Well, I don't think he's gonna forgive her, but he wouldn't turn on her. You're buying their little soap opera? I think they might have helped kill Stone. I just don't think that they knew. [Footsteps] This is the last loop that Stone pre-recorded. It was switched on with an hour to go. It gives him time to get from the safe room to the underground casket. Mm-hmm. Look at his breathing. (Eames) He's barely breathing. This one... It's an hour earlier. The live feed from the safe room. He's not breathing at all. Oh, please. Please, I've done nothing. Ah! Don't! [Grunt] [Applause] That's... That was great. [Laughing] Really. Oh, Dean, go ahead. I'm sorry. You can do your bow thing. I used to have one of these when I was a kid. I did, really. Honestly. Mine was 11 foot. But, you know, a little different than this. Mine was a double blade. This is, a, um, er, a body switch, right? Something like that. Yeah. You can take off. This is really cool, though. It really is. You know, I mean, it's all pretty simple. You know. It's all just fake legs, trapdoors... Please don't touch that. [Laughing] I mean, it all just seems so obvious when you finally know what the secret is. It's just, like, right in front of your face the whole time. Yeah, it's misdirection. Yeah, misdirection. Yeah, we arrested Stone's killers. Jacob Green and his fiancee. She's a, uh, burn unit nurse. Uh, Teresa. Really? I-I-I know how this trick works. Did they confess? No, but they poisoned him through his iv. Their prints were all over the safe room. Please, one time. Oh, that's how they did it. The buried alive gag, I mean. A safe room. Well, killing him was the easy part. He was a sitting duck. (Goren) But the theatrics, the spectacular... I know how to do this. I can... watch. You know, the thing we can't figure out is how Jacob pulled off the switch. [Gasps] Isn't that great? Look. [Goren laughs] Sorry. Well, didn't you say his fiancee was involved? Oh, she was onstage with Carmine when Stone's body must have been moved, and Jacob was at the gravesite. This. Thanks. So, all he needed was a stagehand to move the body from the safe room to coney island. But not just anyone. I mean, you can't give an outsider the ace to palm. I mean, it had to be another magician, someone as good as Stone. Look, you know, for awhile, I thought it was you. You know, 'cause you fit the profile. For whatever it's worth, and according to you, not much, but... [Scoffs] Still, it's always flattering when people think you're smarter than you are. Or more vain. Didn't you used to have a network deal before they dropped you in favor of Stone? How many millions of people saw him on TV that night? (Goren) 15. Perfect opportunity to show millions of people that Stone wasn't the real deal. Well, all due respect, he wasn't. (Goren) Not like you. I mean, I thought that you killed him because he eclipsed you. [Scoffs] That's a pathetic portrait. (Goren) and it's way too simple. I realized when I was watching Stone's web cam feed that for almost an hour, his chest stopped moving. Mm, his fans were watching a dead man and didn't even know it. (Goren) the killer was brazen enough to kill Stone in front of millions of witnesses. It took real passion. That's when we knew it couldn't have been you. You have some anger, don't you, detective? Is it the betrayal? Well, what about yours? You know, your betrayal of your art. We saw your show, and you know... You're phoning it in. Ten years ago, you would have had the audacity, but now, no chance. What about you, detective? Lost a step or two over the years, or do you still think you can pull off the big solve when you need to? (Eames) oh, but he solved this one. Jacob was the jealous, unsung genius who pulled off the greatest trick of all time, live, while the nation was watching. I thought you said you still didn't know how he did it. No, we don't, but he'll probably end up pleading out. You wanna know the irony of the thing? If you insist. That Jacob engineered the whole trick just to show the world that Stone wasn't what they thought he was. Yeah, and since he won't confess, Stone's death is still a mystery. Right, he'll probably end up being a bigger legend than, I don't know, like, Houdini. (Eames) And Jacob, the only person who knows the secret, won't reveal it. [Laughs] Jacob is not a genius; He's a geek. The tunnel, the safe room, they're all very workman-like, but no vision. No, not like Stone, who, I think, you know, he transcends magic. Mm-hmm. Stone was an overpaid, overindulged little punk. But he had nerve, you gotta give him that. Nerve? [Scoffs] The only nerve that he had was to think that it all began and ended with him. You know, there is a history to what we do. There is a code. That kind of disrespect... And he needed to be taught a lesson. Yeah, yeah, he did. (Eames) you had the perfect crime: Slip into Stone's safe house, inject the potassium chloride, slip out. You even had two perfect patsies to take the fall. But you're too much of a showman for that. You took Stone's body to coney island yourself, planted him on Carmine's stage... Come on, Dean. What's the bigger crime? That you killed Miles Stone, or that no one will ever know? I mean, you need to take him down. There's only one way. You know, Stone is as much to blame as I am. If he hadn't starved himself, if he hadn't made it look so real... He might have had the strength to put up a fight. [Laughs] He made it easy for me. Dean Holiday, you're under arrest for the murder of Miles Stone. No, I don't think so. [Laughs] Is all this restraint really necessary? We learn our lessons too. Glad some people still know the meaning of respect. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 