Law & Order: Criminal Intent: Season 7, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent 
 s7e14 - Assassin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001–2011): Season 7, Episode 14 - Assassin - full transcript 
 Arriving in New York from Sri Lanka, political activist, Bela Khan, is in the States to visit her ailing mother, and speak at a political rally. While leaving the rally, assassin, Bhatt Tom, attempts to kill her but misses and kills her personal assistant, Rosemary Shaw, instead. The assassin is killed by her body guard, Gil. Detectives soon discover that it was the body guard, Gil, who planned the exit through the kitchen, to set up Bela for the hit, in exchange for getting his brother off of death row. When he is assassinated while in custody, Logan and Wheeler turn their attentions to members of the the Khan family itself, as possibly being behind the hits, and must figure out who is pulling the strings, and who the real target is before it's too late. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event. In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad. These are their stories. Mrs. Khan, it's time. Patience. We've waited two years. We can wait a few more minutes. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for coming, my friends. Mrs. Khan, how does it feel to be free? So great to be came in my second home. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But I must be honest, I will never feel free until there is a free democratic Tamil homeland. As a condition of your release, you promised to refrain from political activity. This is a personal visit. My mother is elderly, and not in good health. Does that mean you will not be working here on behalf of Tamil independents? No more questions, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming. Brother. You look well. House arrest agrees with you. Gil, how have you been? Fine, Madame, good to see you again. Where's my husband? Is everything all right? Visa troubles. Last-minute Snafu. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's, uh, flying in from London this afternoon. I wanted to see him before the rally. Bela, maybe we should cancel. You did promise them that you... Promises made to one's captors are not meant to be kept. - There could be consequences... - Yeah, what can they do to me? What they did to father. And to our brother. Don't worry. I'm here to see mother. And you. I thought I might die without seeing you. You're not dying, mama. Of course I am. That's why you're here. Aunt Bela? Jasmina? Look at you. You're so beautiful. Are you all right? Did they... Oh, I'm fine. How's Yale? - I love it. - I'm so proud of you. I think we better... Mama, I must go. I'll be back later to say goodnight. There has been too much bloodshed on both sides. We will win our struggle not with bombs and bullets, but through diplomacy. The only route to freedom is through non-violence. Thank you. Thank you. Gil, get us out. - This way, Madame. - Thank you so much. Gun! ?????̼? ?̱پ?(kylee322@nate.com) ???(Copyright) ???? ??????(seedyun@nate.com) ??(Registered Trademark)?? ???? ???¿?(taiyen@nate.com) ?(Copyright)?(Registered Trademark)?? ?뽺 (?????(Copyright) ?ΰ? ???? ?) ?ٸ(Registered Trademark)?? ???ݽ? (?ް? ???? ???? ?) ???? ?????þ? (??? ?ν? ?氨 ?) Law & Order CI 7x14. Assassin ???? ???? ?賭??(nanjidoo@nate.com) ??(Registered Trademark)?? ???? ??????(winniedo@nate.com) ORIGINAL AIR DATE ON USA: 2008/06/29 That's the assassin taken out by the bodyguard, but not before he gets a couple of shots off at Bela Khan. The second shot kills Rosemary Shah, Mrs. Khan's personal assistant. Mrs. Khan is... Head of the Tamil Independence Movement. Short-listed for the Nobel Peace Prize, And under house arrest in Sri Lanka for the last two years. We get newspapers too, you know. I just didn't know you read them. Mrs. Khan and her entourage were leaving the rally through the kitchen to the back exit. And the shooter was waiting for them. Shades of Bobby Kennedy. FBI's on site. Turns out they met her at JFK, but this event was under their radar. That won't happen again. They're taking responsibility for Bela's security. Oh, good. Let them. But this murder happened in New York, so it's ours. Rosemary, she saved my life. She threw herself in front of that bullet. She was with you when you were under house arrest, Mrs. Khan? Yes. And call me Bela, please. Rosemary came from New York to stay with me. She was devoted to me, to our people. Who whose bright idea was it to go through the kitchen? Our bodyguard, Gil. - You trust him? - Implicitly. He's worked here for our family for many years. - Oh, my God. My God, Bella. - Ajay. What's happened? Are you all right? - I'm fine. - Look at you. - Are you wounded? - Rosemary, she saved my life. I'm so sorry I wasn't here. Bela could have used your support. I came straight from the airport as soon as I heard. Yeah. Better late than never. Rani, please. Bela Khan, a beacon of hope in a dark corner of the world. Translation, she has a long list of enemies. Sri Lanka hardliners, Tamil terrorists, pro-government militia. Well, why don't we start with what we've got, the dead shooter? Little tough until we ID the guy. He doesn't have record. Homeland Security doesn't know him. We're running him through other databases. Great, and his gun? Uh, it's black market. Serial numbers are filed off. Unknown gun, unknown gunman who somehow knew which way Bela was leaving the rally. You know it was the bodyguard's idea to go through the kitchen. Of course, the family trusts him implicitly. As I told you, we went through the kitchen because the car was in the back. This man jumped out of nowhere. - You ever see him before? - No. He aimed at Madame. I drew my gun, but before I could shoot, he killed poor Rosemary. He fired twice. Then you fire. Yes. It was very loud. One shot. Right between the eyes. How about that one, Wheeler? From 10 to 12 feet away? Where'd you learn to shoot like that? Indian Army. Special forces. Well, here's what I'm interested in. You're an ace marksman. Ex-military man. Cool under pressure. You dropped that assassin with just one bullet, right? Yes. So why was your reaction slower than the girl who got shot? Think about that. Bodyguard; what do you think? Well, he's either embarrassed about how he screwed up, or he's hiding something. So hold on to him. Let him sweat. The beauty of a material witness. We ID'd our assassin. Married, two kids. Jackson Heights. Does he have a record? With the taxi and limousine commission. He was a cabbie. They came from the same village. Your husband and Mrs. Khan? The Khans cheated his family out of their ancestral property. And then he couldn't become an officer because he came from her village. "Untrustworthy," they said. That would piss... - That would upset me. - Nothing to be done. The Khans, they are too powerful. Too powerful. Did your husband know this man? - No. - You sure? I have never seen him before. Was your husband acting differently lately? I mean by that, was he making a lot of phone calls, was he talking to strangers, did he talk about Mrs. Khan's return to New York, anything like that? He was the same as he's always been. He drove 12 hours a day, seven days a week. He came home to his family. I don't know why he did this. I don't. I've never met him. We knew the family from our village. There was bad blood between you? Some land disputes, litigation, nothing unusual. And that's why my Rosemary died, over a 50-year-old property disagreement. Does this mean you can release Gil? You say you knew your bodyguard a long time? He and his family are completely loyal to us. His brother's under a death sentence for supporting our cause. I trust Gil with my life. There's no way he was involved. That may be true, but we don't think the shooter acted alone. And we've heard you're uncomfortable with the security detail. I've had enough protection these last two years. Believe me. I'm sure you have. Mrs. Khan, we're going to ask you to cancel all your public appearances until we can sort all this out. Do you believe in destiny, Detective Logan? I believe you make your own destiny. My fate is already written. Welcome back to Canada. Thank you. It's good to be home. The Khans are convinced the assassin acted on his own. They don't want to believe their loyal bodyguard could turn on them. Well, Gil was more than a hired gun. His whole family's on the Khan payroll. Except for a brother who was sentenced to death for treason. Gil's brother, he was under a death sentence. A judge in Sri Lanka ordered his release three weeks ago. Go get him. Mr. Gil, what did you agree to in exchange for your brother's freedom? After the rally, steer Mrs. Khan through the kitchen... Let the shooter get off a shot or two... And then take him down. Was that the deal? I was told no harm would come to her. It was to scare Madame off. Make her stop her political work. If Rosemary hadn't gotten in the way... I know, Madame would be dead. Who was your contact? He called himself Hari. No last name. Well, uh, that's not giving us very much. His cover was working for the consulate here, in New York. I followed him after a meeting. He got into a car with diplomatic plates. We'll make an inquiry at the consulate. He'll be long gone by now. They won't stop. They will try again. Welcome to New York City, sir. - Thank you. - You're welcome. Hari Jindal. He looks like a paper pusher, not a double agent. Probably makes his job easier. This photograph of Jindal was taken at Heathrow. The day of the attempt on Mrs. Khan's life. The FBI has Jindal under surveillance? Not him, the other guy. Nik "The Mechanic" Loren. Mechanic? So he Nicks you and you die, huh? Corsican born, now a Canadian citizen. Person of interest in a dozen contract killings in the UK, Europe, North America. After their meeting at Heathrow, Nik boarded a flight for Toronto, - using his own passport. - And then? We think he came across the border by car. We know he took a flight from Michigan to New York city. He wasn't on the watch list? He was... but... You lost him? We'll find him. I was born into wealth, with plenty to eat, the best schools, with my family's great privilege comes great responsibility. The responsibility to bring our homeland into the modern world. To ensure our children have drinking water, access to education, the opportunity for a better life. This evening is about raising awareness and much need funds. Hari Jindal? The consulate told you they didn't know him? - Did you? - Not really. Rani does. Jindal was the security liaison when Rani negotiated Bela's recent release. - Thank you. - He did a little more than that. We believe that Jindal orchestrated the attempt on your wife's life. So is he working with government hardliners, or rogue elements? We don't know yet. But until we do, we're concerned there will be another attempt. It would be prudent for your wife to lower her public profile. You try telling her that. The man she's talking to... President of Hudson University. Her alma mater just invited her to speak. She accepted? She feels anything less would be a sign of weakness. A signal to her enemies that she is afraid. And Bela's not afraid of anything. Rosemary was always the brave one. When I was placed under house arrest, she rushed to my side. When I was in despair, she gave me hope. She knew we were traveling a long and dangerous road. Rosemary, daughter of Tamil, you join the Martyrs whose names will be remembered when the struggle is over. Rosemary would not want us to turn back. Not now. Not ever. She grew up in New York, but her heart, her spirit, was with the Tamil people. And the best way to honor her memory is to keep her dream alive. To bring our country... our people... Out of the darkness and into the light. And we will not rest until that new day dawns. We must work for a Tamil Homeland. But with words and deeds, not guns or bullets. Let Rosemary's death be the last one. Let there be no more bloodshed. Let there be peace. - What's your name, sir? - What are you doing? Sir, we have to ask you a few questions. Start with your name. Tamim Shah. Rosemary's uncle. - Very sorry, sir. - Sorry. CSU says the shot came from that roof across the street. This your guy? Bela Khan's bodyguard? Was. That's a nice piece of shooting. Routine bail hearing. Why were they offloading these guys on the plaza? They're doing construction. And the sniper knew? Any witnesses? Passer-by saw a man on the roof after the shot. - I'll see if he can make an ID. - Yeah. Shooter left the weapon behind. Custom-made US survivor sniper rifle. We'll try and run it for prints, but don't hold your breath. I won't. It was too far away to see his face. The guy on the roof was wearing a dark cap, but was clean-shaven. Oh, it could still be Nik. He's just changing his look. Somebody's tying up loose ends. Who else would know that the bodyguard had a court date? His lawyer. That's a $500 an hour mouthpiece. Pretty steep for a bodyguard from Sri Lanka. Yes, we paid for Gil's lawyer. Bela insisted. Even though he betrayed her? She felt for him. His situation with his brother. - She's very forgiving. - To a fault. Wanted to post his bail too. I put my foot down. Did you know about the court date? We were kept informed, yes. We? Who else knew? The office staff, my family... Uh, you're not suggesting we had anything to do with his death. You seem like a tight-knit family. That's you, your sister, and... My older brother, Davi. We're late for lunch, papa. Is everything all right? You remember my daughter, Jasmina? Bela's life is in danger. Let us know when you have a legitimate lead. Mr. Khan, somebody tried to kill your sister. And then your bodyguard betrayed you. Revenge never crossed your mind? My family are pacifists, Detective. We don't kill people. And they said you'd become quite the diplomat while I was gone. In the loosest sense of the word. Did you notice lots of pictures of Rani with his family? Rani with his daughter, but no wife? Yeah. And no wedding ring, either. I wonder what the ex-Mrs. Khan thinks about family loyalty. This is Jasmina. We share custody. Jasmina spends a lot of time with her father and his family. Well, it's hard to compete with the Khans. And their money. Something like that. Nice place. You been here awhile? Since the divorce. - Can I be blunt with you? - Excuse me? I think you got screwed. In fact, I think you got screwed big-time. You're the ex-Mrs. Rani Khan. With his money, you should be living in a palace on Park Avenue. Well, I was naive to sign the prenup. But Bela was my friend. You were at school with her? She's an amazing woman. She's idealistic, compassionate, honorable. And I thought her brother was the same. - And he's not? - No. Rani's only allegiance is to the family fortune. After Davi died, he wanted the Khans out of the free Tamil business. Davi was the older brother? He was killed in a plane crash. Rani's plane. Rani's ex-wife thinks he'd commit murder to get the family fortune? She's not exactly an unbiased source. He's got overhead. A daughter at Yale. Homes in New York, London. Chateau in the south of France. With family wealth like that, and not enough to go around? It's expensive liberating a country. Especially if your brother-in-law is looting the coffers on the side. While she was under house arrest, Rani sued Ajay, Bela's husband, accused him of embezzling family funds for risky investments. Ajay was part of an international consortium. A lot of complicated financials involving Nauru. Isn't that the Island in the South Pacific where everyone's rich from selling Guano? Not in 50 years. It's a failed state now. Passports for sale, money laundering... - Good scam. - Ajay was lost a bundle on it. And Rani is tight-fisted with the family fortune. Well, not when it comes to private planes. Rani's company owns five Cessna citation tens. Used to own six. Until the crash that killed Davi? Right. It was a paid mission. No black box, the engineer who serviced the plane disappeared after the crash. They never found him. Rani killed his older brother, and now he's trying to kill his sister. If Bela dies before her mother does... Rani gets the whole inheritance. The rally her first night back, find out who set up the arrangements. The meeting hall? Rani chose it. And he hired the security? Yes, he takes care of all the financial arrangements. You political activities are expensive. Any tensions between you? I'm sure I drive my brother crazy. But that's what sisters are for. Please, come in. What about Rani and your husband, Ajay? He did accuse your husband of embezzlement. Oh, a misunderstanding. The press loves to create scandal. I rely on Rani totally. He and mama are all I have left. Must have been hard when your older brother died. The worst day of my life. They never found the cause for the accident? The plane wreckage was scattered. What really happened, we'll never know. - Were your brothers close? - Not particularly. Davi was the pure idealist. Rani, the businessman. Didn't he own the plane that Davi was on? I won't listen to this. Mrs. Khan, there's an assassin who's been hired to kill you. And you think my brother was involved? You don't understand how sacred our bond is. And tomorrow, when I speak at Hudson University... We asked you to postpone that. When I speak, my brother will be by my side, as he always had been. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to president Hudson University Dr. Keneath Jamison. 15 years ago, I had the privilege of teaching a brilliant, beautiful, determined young woman from Sri Lanka. I had barely finished my opening remarks when her hand shot up in the air with a question. Well, through the years, she has never stopped questioning. A daughter of privilege, she chose a harder path. To work for people. It is my great honor to introduce the most courageous woman I know. Fourth row, second seat. He's alone now, came in with a wife and kid. My former student, my dear friend, and the future president of an independent Tamil homeland, Bela Khan. Thank you, Dr. Jamison. Dear friends, just before I was arrested, I visited my village, and I met a woman there who was crying. She had no clean water for her two small sons. I held her hand, and I told her I would help her. And I will keep my promise to ensure our children have the opportunity for a better life. My family stand with me in that struggle. Actually, I owe my freedom to my brother, who worked tirelessly to obtain my release, and I thank him now. Wheelchair! FBI, freeze. My brother's death will not be in vain. We will continue our struggle. They will not silence us. Yes. How the hell did this happen? Everyone was looking for Nik, which means we missed the heavy-set guy in the wheelchair. How'd he get his gun through? Plastic gun. Came in with a wife and a kid. We're collecting cell phones, camcorder videos, news footage. - Captain Ross. - Agent Corbett. We're very sorry for your loss. Very sorry. No lawyer. He doesn't think he needs one. Ballistics on the plastic pistol. Single bullet, short range. Oh, well then Nik was the clean-up man. Guy in the wheelchair takes a shot at Mrs. Khan, Nik shoots him, drops the gun, walks away. Anything on the wheelchair guy? Patsy Moran. Quite a jacket. B&E;, truck heists, just did a dime upstate for armed robbery. Another gun for hire. Who's paying for all this? Don't know him. Why would he try to assassinate Bela Khan? What were you doing at her speech? - I'm a fan. - With a gun? Well, I heard New York is still dangerous. You're having fun, aren't you? Hari Jindal. Did he hire you? London, the airport. This man asked me for directions. Nice talking to you, Nik. - It's over. - I guess we're done here. Thank you. I'll take my passport. Oh, no, you don't get your passport. You're not going home, Nik. You're going on a CIA-sponsored tour to all the hot spots. Egypt, Morocco, Romania. These are places where interrogation is sort of a... Art form. Maybe I do need a lawyer. Too late. Extraordinary rendition. You're out of the system, Nik. We never heard of you. How can I help you? Hari Jindal. He's just a matchmaker. But he hired you to put the hit on Bela. Bela? No. - Nik... - Wait. Bela wasn't the target? Rani was. Yes. From the beginning. Both attempts? Jindal ever tell you who wanted Rani dead? I never ask who a client is. Wait. The money was wired into this bank account. Where did the money come from, Nik? London, through some bank. In the South Pacific. Nauru? As a matter of fact, yes. Detectives, can we speak another time? I'm sorry, but the investigation has taken a turn. I'm picking photos for Rani's memorial. We just need to go through a few things. Did you know that your husband and brother had a falling out over family finances? They settled that. We checked the court transcripts, and Ajay had to reimburse your family trust $25 million. Forgive me, what's this about? We're beginning to believe that Rani was the assassin's target, not you. Rani? Your husband had interests in Nauru? He traveled there from time to time, infrastructure development. What does this have to do with my brother's death? Mrs. Khan, please. The money for your brother's assassination was wired through Nauru. Maybe one of my husband's business partners. Well, during the first attempt on your life, your husband was in London. There was a problem with his Visa. No, actually there wasn't. We checked with the State Department. His visa was approved weeks ago. This doesn't make sense. What can you tell us about the family trust? I don't know. There might be papers here somewhere. I can't find them for you. Ajay and Rani handle all that. And now that Rani's dead? This is impossible. Ajay is the love of my life. Well, forgive me for saying, but wasn't that an arranged marriage? And when our eyes met, I knew he was the one. And besides, Ajay was standing next to me. He could have been killed. Bela's in denial. She's convinced herself her husband was by her side. He wasn't? Not when it counted. Actually, I owe my freedom to my brother, who worked tirelessly... There he goes, right on cue. Out of the line of fire. What happens when she sees this? She'll find a way to rationalize it. Look at this. You'll have to wait outside. Bela's about to do a live satellite feed. Actually, we're here for you, Mr. Khan. You may want to call your lawyer. Why? The hitman you hired to kill Rani. He's been talking. I've never met this man in my life. Technically, that's correct. Mr. Hari Jindal is your matchmaker. Bela, do your interviews. I'll walk the detectives out. No, no, no. Let them speak. We need a moment. It's about the money. We went over the family trust papers your wife gave us. Ajay, we have nothing to hide. Do we? What's going on? Jasmina, not now, please. It's about your father. Ajay needed to kill him before your grandmother dies. Otherwise, you would inherit your father's half. You're wrong. I know my husband. Do you? You told us Ajay was by your side when your brother was shot. Yes, that's right. Look who made sure he wasn't in danger. You took a call. Right before Rani was killed. Bela. Oh, my God. How could you? Bela? You killed my father, for money? I stood by you. The allegations and the smears. I defended you, Ajay. Bela, Ozi-tal. Rani said he robbed my accounts blind when I was under house arrest. We were hemorrhaging money. Bela, enough. How could you do this to me, Ajay? To Jasmina? To our people? Ajay Khan, you're under arrest for murder. Ajay, you didn't see this coming? How long you been married to her? You didn't think she'd cut you loose to save her own skin? How dare you. My brother is dead. You said yourself my husband killed him. You're very, very good. She doesn't flinch ever, does she, Wheeler? Not even when her brother was shot. We watched the rest of the tape. You pushing him away from you. Into the line of fire. My partner's right you didn't flinch. You were clam, composed. No surprise. Everyone else in that auditorium is looking for the shooter or cringing. But she stays right on message. My husband is guilty. You were too quick to kneel. To cradle your brother. To get his blood on you. On your pink suit. My brother was shot. That's all I cared about. No, you knew your picture would be on the cover of every magazine and newspaper in the world. The pink suit... That was her idea. She said the blood would show better. That the image would resonate. The assassin in the wheelchair, that was her idea too. She said Americans would be embarrassed. Too PC to search a cripple. - My God, it was you. - Jasmina, don't listen to him. He'd say anything now to save himself. Did your father ever suspect his sister? No. But my grandmother does. When I told her my father was dead, she screamed. She said now Bela had taken both of her sons. Jasmina, these are lies. My... my own niece against me? Bela Khan, you're under arrest. All I have fought for. All I have endured. This is almost too much to bear. It's your destiny. It was already written. I will survive this as I have survived all the attacks against me. This only strengthens my resolve. I will continue to fight for an independent Tamil Homeland for the Tamil people. They will not stop me. They will never stop me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 