Law & Order: Criminal Intent: Season 7, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent 
 s7e20 - Neighborhood Watch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001–2011): Season 7, Episode 20 - Neighborhood Watch - full transcript 
 The investigation into the death of a sex offender who was harassed by local police becomes more complicated after sources in the NYPD and the DA's office suggest, contrary to the evidence, that it may be the act of a serial killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Male announcer) In New York City's war on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the major case squad. These are their stories. Hey, Brenda, you seen this? Look at this, check this out. [Laughter] Come on. [Engine grinding] [Engine grinding] (Logan) Decapitated, huh? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't suppose his head's lying around somewhere. That'd be a real grounder, wouldn't it? How about witnesses? Pretty deserted at night. Okay. [Groaning] Oh, man. Boy, they did a pretty raggedy job separating the head from the torso. There's not too much rigor. They could've killed him and dumped the body last night. [Grunts] Ah, hello. Multiple stab wounds. He must've pissed somebody off. Well, his fingertips are burned 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and melted. No head, no prints, no I.D., dumped here. This is a mob job. Well, I appreciate the tip, thanks. I have my doubts about that. Looks pretty amateurish for a mob hit. Well, some of the subcontractors they use are sloppy... The Albanians, the Ukes. Cut off the hands and the head? What? They don't have DNA in Eastern Europe? You want to throw it back, tell Ross it's not major case? [Sighs] Nah. My interest is piqued. "Piqued"? It's my new word for the week. Caucasian male, mid-20s, 15 stab wounds, 4 or 5 fatals, survival-type knife. How'd they cut his head off? With something serrated, a fine-toothed hacksaw probably. [Scoffs] Seem like they knew what they were doing? No. False starts, hesitation marks. They made a mess of it. Postmortem. Ditto the burns on the fingers. Welding tool, blowtorch. How long before we get an I.D.? Well, I put a rush on it. If his DNA's in the system, a week. And if he's not in the database, we're screwed. You think you can get a hit? Yeah, maybe a partial. Hey, Rodgers... [Groans] Can you do that thing where you peel off the skin and pull it over your own fingers? I could do that. I always say that Rodgers is the best. Don't push it. Kyle Jones, second-degree rape, plead guilty, sentenced to seven... the Max. Second-degree? That's statutory. Nancy Williams, 15 at the time of the crime. Jones was 19. Well, a lot of guys could get rung up for that. For screwing 15-year-old girls? They always say they're older, Wheeler. And the men always believe them. Bad judgment, definitely. But seven years? Did five, got paroled six weeks ago, staying at his mother's house in Queens, Maspeth. That's a couple miles from where the body was found. See what kind of reception he got. Sex offender in the neighborhood. The ultimate "not in my backyard." Were there others? Flyer that was sent around. "Warning, sex offender, neighborhood watch." It hurt me to hear him called that, see his picture everywhere. Even the police harassed him. How? Gave him a ticket every time he drove my car, which he had to do to get to his work. Thousands of dollars worth. I can't pay them. Did anyone in the neighborhood threaten you or your son directly? No. But I could tell... The looks he'd get. I moved here to give Kyle a fresh start, leave the past behind. Should've known. Can we ask what happened between your son and the girl? It wasn't rape. They were in love. It was consensual. He plead guilty. Nancy's parents raised hell with the D.A., who told Kyle if he forced them to go to trial, she was going to tack on a kidnapping charge, add 20 years to his sentence. Tell me you're gonna take this seriously. Why wouldn't we? 'Cause deep down you don't think he matters. (Woman on television) A routine water inspection of Maspeth Creek early this morning led to an unexpected and grisly discovery. Bobbing just off of the water's edge was a decapitated, stabbed, and mutilated body of Kyle Jones. Mr. Jones was an employee at this video store... [Laughter and applause] (Man) That's right. Not in our neighborhood. (Man ?2) Told you someone was gonna get that perv. I told you. I told you. He lost his head. Don't come around here. And flyers like this beg the question... We got to celebrate. Was this a revenge killing, or is this the case of a concerned citizen... Uh, a pitcher. Got to see an I.D. Right. "Jacob Lally"? Right. You think I'm stupid? Get the hell out of my bar and take your friends with you. What? But what about my... my I.D.? When you see Jake Lally, you tell him I got it. Here's the CMC. You got the keys? That don't sound right. Pop the hood. Well, the spark plugs are okay. Battery cables, distributor cap. Hey. Someone pulled the ignition fuse. I'm guessing you need that. [Scoffs] Look at these tickets. One for parking too close to a hydrant, one for wheels at an angle... The night he was killed, one for parking too far from a curb. Well, Mrs. Jones was right. The police were on his case. Somebody was, 'cause these are all written out by one guy, sergeant Whelan. A sergeant writing tickets? Yeah. Let's put him on the list. All right, so Kyle Jones leaves work, then his car won't start. A mile and a half from home, across the expressway. No subways. Buses run once an hour after 9:00. Well, maybe someone gives him a lift. Rule number one... Never accept rides from strangers. [Car hood closes] Thelma Jones is my cousin. So I gave Kyle a job. [Scoffs] Big mistake. (Logan) Did he screw up? No, he was fine, but the neighborhood... You got blowback? They went ape, canceling memberships left and right. I mean, between Netflix and blockbuster, I'm hanging on by a thread as it is. I was about to let him go. We'll need to get copies of those. We'll get them back to you. Knock yourself out. Hey, you ever see this? Neighborhood watch, on every windshield, bulletin board, and telephone pole from here to flushing. We're gonna want to meet some of these watchers. These two are the loudest. Having that man in our community really galvanized all of us to get involved. It was a wake-up call. And who was responsible for sending around these flyers? Uh, Bob Goodman, he's like the driving force behind neighborhood watch. And do you know where we can find him? You can try his store... Maspeth and 61st, formal wear. Did you hear what happened to Kyle Jones? We heard. One less thing to worry about. Yeah, the flyer's mine. And, no, nobody feels bad about what happened to that creep, nobody around here. Maybe in Manhattan hearts are bleeding. Do you have an alibi for the other night? Neighborhood watch. Who were you watching... Kyle Jones? Me and my partner, with him all night. We'd like to speak to him. I wish you would. He's a cop. Me and Goodman, 8:00 to midnight, joined at the hip, neighborhood watch. Watching Jones. Correct. You didn't follow him home. He closed early. We went for a beer. We got back. The gate was down. His car was still there. Figured he got home some other way. Sergeant Whelan, you wrote Jones a ticket at 8:05. Yeah, I like to start the night off right. You wrote him a lot of tickets. Did I? Yeah. 50 in the last month. He was a careless driver. Kind of smacks of harassment. Call it what you want. It worked. Why'd you do him like that? He wasn't hurting anybody. He raped an underage girl. Statutory... it was consensual. So he said. Judge threw the book at him. That tell you anything? The judge was a hard-ass? I spoke to the ADA  that handled the case. She said the girl said different. Gave a statement to the court. He raped her. Not a shred of sympathy in that community for what happened to Kyle Jones. Nope, and nobody's gonna help us either, because they're all convinced he's a dangerous sex offender. You're not? Well, I'd like to talk to the girl, see what her side of the story is. Uh, Nancy Williams. We're trying to get in touch with her, but her family moved from forest hills to old Westbury after Jones went to prison. They moved, but they didn't exactly move on. Mr. Williams went to every parole hearing and adamantly opposed Kyle Jones' early release. "Kyle Jones can never undo the damage he did "or the pain he caused our daughter and our family. If he's paroled early, I'd fear for my daughter's safety." This is where I say you go talk to dad, you talk to the daughter... At the same time. I don't want them comparing notes. Of course I opposed parole. Five years for what he did to Nancy? If it was my daughter, I don't know what I would've done. Yeah, you do. You know, if I had a gun in my pocket and I saw him on the street, I might've blown him away. But stalk him, stab him, cut off his head? Come on. That said, where were you the night he was killed? My youngest had a recital at Suny Westbury. My wife and I were both there. You know, when I saw it on the news, I said, "good." Now we have an alibi for when the police come to talk to us." How about Nancy? Was she with you? You can't be serious. It's a murder investigation, Mr. Williams. My partner's talking to her right now. That is totally uncalled for. She's still traumatized, and this nonsense has brought it all back. So she wasn't with you. No, she was at my sister's on the Jersey shore. Yeah, I saw his face on the news. I started to shake. How did you and Kyle meet? He worked at the swim club, cabana boy. We started sneaking around. You didn't want your parents to know? He was older... And where he was from, Lefrak city. The wrong neighborhood. So wrong. When did your parents find out? When the doctor told my mother I wasn't a virgin. I'd gone in to ask for some birth control. And they freaked. Daddy called the police first thing. You told the court you were raped. Did your father make you say that? No, I, uh... I got to that all on my own. And they were so upset. "Do you love him?" I said, "no." "How many times?" I said, "just once." "Did he talk you into it?" "Yeah, kind of." "Did you want to?" "No, not really." "Did you feel bad afterward?" "Sorta." And then this woman from the DA's office, Ms. Driver, she said, "Nancy, I know you like him", but it sounds like rape." And you said? And I said, um... "Yeah, I guess it was." And you were stuck with it. I just really thought this was all behind me. (Logan) she was all choked up, huh? Yeah, Kyle Jones getting his head cut off was about the worst thing that ever happened... To her. Not a good day for him either. (Ross) Oh, here they are. Logan, Wheeler, this is Clete Dixon. Captain and I go back a decade or three. We were both up to take over major case. It was a coin flip. And I won. Instead of the acid reflux you got, I got a full pension, time to look at my old cases, drop in on old friends... All the adrenaline and none of the agita. Clete has a notion about your case. Yeah? Well, let's hear it. I was looking at a couple of my old cold cases, a couple others that caught my eye. I think you got a serial killer on your hands. Soon as I saw your guy, I thought he could be one of mine. And these six others are sex offenders? All from the tri-state area, murdered in the last ten years, all open cases. Tell them what else they have in common. Obscured I.D.'s, all dumped in deserted locations, fairly well-organized killer or killers, maybe trophy takers. You know, I can't help it, but whenever I hear phrases like "fairly" this or "maybe" that, it sounds like the usual profiler B.S. Logan. Look, these are rage killings. In my opinion, they're connected. Every case, the body was mutilated, including two decapitations. Now, I don't know about you, but I didn't catch headless corpses every day. Are you going through all the material? Mm-hmm. In my opinion, only one of these resembles the Jones killing. Well, there were two decapitations. And one's almost certainly a suicide. [Sighs] From the autopsy photos, I think that particular victim died by hanging. His body was found at the base of a cliff. So he tied a rope around his neck, jumped, and tore his head off? Uh-huh. Well, there was no rope at the scene. The family found the body. And probably destroyed the evidence. They were ashamed. All right, what about the one that does resemble Jones? Well, there are similarities: Multiple stab wounds from a survival-type knife, and the victim was decapitated postmortem... By a pro. As neat and methodical as the Jones killer was sloppy. Sure it's not the same guy, maybe drunk or in a hurry? There's a difference between a surgeon and a butcher. By the way, Jones' tox screen came back. It's positive for marijuana and barbiturates. Not a serial killer? Not our guy, no. Well, what about the others? Are they connected? Well, we can see why you'd think so. Two postmortem decapitations. But you have your doubts. (Logan) M.E. Rodgers said definitively two different killers. Oh... Well, you know how it is... Too much time on my hands. The wheels keep spinning. It was worth a try. Good luck. Yeah. (Woman on television) Then how come you haven't been able to get... Speak to Dixon? Gave him the bad news this afternoon. Tell him there's no serial killer? He's pretty disappointed. Then what the hell's he doing on Faith Yancy? NYPD may not be ready to admit it yet, but sources inside of major case agree with my investigation. A serial killer has been operating in our area for a decade, targeting sex offenders. For a decade? And we're just hearing about it now? NYPD, ball's in your court. Sources inside major case? He's trying to make a name for himself, captain. He's bluffing. He's got nothing. [Telephone ringing] Ross. Yes, sir, I’m... I'm watching it right now. I understand. Yes. yes, sir. I am saying there is no connection between any of these cases. It's being suggested that the avenger might himself have been molested by a predator? You've got to be kidding me. (Yancy) The department claims hey. That there is no serial killer. The department says that there is no connection between the murders of these seven sex offenders. 'Cause they don't want the public to know how incompetent they've been. (Driver) whether this was the act of a vigilante or a serial killer, he will be found... There's the ADA. From the original rape case, Terri Driver. Let us remember, faith, that Kyle Jones was a violent sexual predator, and the community had good reason to be concerned by his presence. Yeah. Well, talk about putting gas on the fire. Rumor is she wants to be New York's next Attorney General. And she's using Kyle Jones' murder as a stepping stone? Shocking, isn't it? Go talk to her. Be diplomatic, but get her to dial it down. So your ME is sure, no serial killer. That's correct. Oh, good. I'm relieved to hear it. However, we're worried that there possibly could be copycat attacks. I don't think that's likely, do you? Sex offenders' names and addresses are posted on the Internet. With the media stirring the pot... It'll all blow over in a few days. We thought if you could issue a statement deploring vigilante justice? That's just what I've been doing. Stating that Kyle Jones didn't deserve what happened to him. I didn't mean to imply that he did. And that he did not pose a threat to the community. We don't want anyone else targeted. I'm not gonna soft-pedal Kyle Jones' crime, even posthumously. I spoke to Nancy Williams. [Clears throat] And she said it was consensual, that I pressured her into saying it was rape? She revised her story after the fact. The fact is, he raped her. His sentence was fair, and justice was served. Justice served. What are you talk... Let me tell you something. Here's a kid who screwed around with the wrong girl. He survived five years of prison. When he finally gets out, he's labeled a sex offender for the rest of his life. He's hounded! He's harassed! Then he's hunted down and killed! And then they cut his head off! Detective Logan, I understand you're frustrated because you haven't caught your killer, so I will take your anger with a grain of salt. Another bleeding heart. Yeah. Well, she's right about one thing. I am frustrated. Guy gets murdered, no one gives a damn, not the neighborhood, certainly not the D.A.'s office. We need to go back to Maspeth, start beating the bushes. You know what? Wait a minute. As long as we're here, let's check out all the outstanding petty warrants, you know, public urination, dope smoking, drunk and disorderly, anything like that, see what we find. Hey, conversation's over. Give me that. Sit down. You know what that is? It's a warrant. You know about Kyle Jones? For fare beating? For failure to appear. That's a bench warrant, numbnuts. What, you're gonna arrest me? Well, that's up to you. Kyle Jones. The video store perv. Yeah. What's the talk on the street? Conlan's... some kids were talking trash, bragging on it, you know, like they had something to do with it. Did they? This kid was running his mouth, him and his friends. (Logan) What were they saying? About the dead guy, sex offender, how he had it coming. Taking credit for it? Hinting around like they knew who did. Names? [Sighs] One of them was underage, little guy. I confiscated the I.D. he used. It's around here somewhere. You actually card people here? I do when there's a sergeant sitting at the bar. Here it is. "Jake Lally." Let's go pay him a visit. Is my brother in trouble? That's up to him. [Footsteps descending stairs] What? You Jake Lally? Right. You lose this? Yeah. I've been looking all over for that. Where'd you get it? Someone tried to use it at, uh, Conlan's bar. I don't go to Conlan's. (Wheeler) well, this was an underage kid with a couple of other guys, a little bit older. You do know that it's a crime to let someone else use your I.D., don't you? I didn't, I swear. Okay, well, give us a name, and we won't charge you. Oh, no. Jamie. You let that loser use my I.D.? No. They crashed a party here a couple weeks ago. Jamie, and Ricky, and Lew, and I saw Jamie coming out of your room. I can't believe you even let them in the house, Brenda. They weren't even invited. So where do we find this kid Jamie? You got no record. You're clean. So do yourself a favor and tell us what happened. [Sighs] They wanted me to be involved. Ricky and Lew. So they had you pull the fuse? What? No. No, they... they just wanted me to be a lookout or something. I... you know, I... I told them I couldn't. I-I really didn't think that they were gonna go through with it. Did they talk about it afterwards? Yeah, I asked them, you know, "you did it?" And they said, you know, "we told you we would." Did they tell you how they cut his head off? N-No. They just kept saying, you know, "the deed is done. We're gonna be heroes." You know, and that I was a... You know, for not going through with it. So let me ask you something. They ever say why they wanted to kill Kyle Jones? Yeah, you know, because he was a, uh, you know, a sex deviant. Yeah, right. Ricky was here with me. All night. And what were you doing? Watching the TV. We like the reality shows. Like what? "America's most wanted"? More like "extreme makeover." We like cooking shows. You do a lot of cooking, do you? Eh, not so much. How about you, Ricky? You like cooking shows? Well, I like what ma watches. What we do every night, right, Ricky? [Chuckles] Yeah, ma. Every night. Hmm. Ricky moss, Lewis Olsen. Both 20, unemployed, and dropped out of the same high school. Warrants for fare beating, drunk and disorderly, lewd conduct. A little quality-of-life crime wave, the two of them. We're figuring that they disabled Jones' car and then drove by and offered him a ride. Either of them smart enough to find a fuse box? Well, Ricky's got a vehicle. It's a '98 minivan. Perfect for hauling around a headless torso. Think we can get a warrant for that? No, but if you can't pull over a '98 minivan for multiple violations and find a reason to search it... [Police siren] License and registration. What'd I do? Turned right on a red light. [Chuckles] It was totally yellow. You been drinking? I smell alcohol. I had a beer earlier. Yeah, well, I may have to breathalyze you. (Wheeler) There's a broken taillight, expired New York inspections tag. I-I'll take care of those. Think you could just write us up? Let me see your insurance card. [Papers rustling] [Glove compartment closes] What, are you in a rush? What are you so nervous about? Nothing. I'm not. [Coughs] How about your friend there? He looks like he's about to piss his pants. Well, maybe it's the open container. [Sighs] I told you to chug that. Shut up. This expired a year and a half ago. It has? All right, out of the car, easy riders. Let's go. [Both sighing] [Car beeping] It's new carpet. Yeah. Fresh and clean back here. Hmm. A couple of mutts like this who sleep in their own clothes driving a spic-and-span ten-year-old Van? Luminol. (Logan) So, guys, you know the Luminol you used to get rid of all the blood? Don't know what you're talking about. Oh, sure you do. You probably saw it on some bad TV show. Well, guess what else shows up with Luminol. Bleach. You scrubbed out the Van with bleach, and you drew us a map. Oh, look at that. You even got some on your shoes. You guys are real dummies. Looks like Ricky's a real handyman. What's missing? Hacksaw. These guys are almost good. Yeah. The head, dumping the body to make it look like the mob. They've seen too many movies. Pretty clean, bleach all over, no blood, a few meds... barbiturates prescribed to Mrs. Moss. You know what? Let's get someone to take that drain cover. They might have forgot to bleach the underside of it. Hey, Logan, you keep your fridge locked? [Scoffs] It'd be a hell of a souvenir. Pop that. So? Not unless he turned his head into a pot roast. Yeah. These guys. When? Last week. I installed some new carpet in their minivan. Yeah, the 15th. Couple of days after. Can we get a copy of that work order? Yeah, sure. (Logan) let me ask you something. These guys, they, uh, strike you as mechanical? Well, they knew how to turn the key in the ignition, but they asked me to UN-jam a seat belt. That tell you anything? [Chuckles] What? Tell us what happened. We know you were there. We got your prints. They're all over Ricky's garage, all over his tools. I spend a lot of time at Ricky's. Must've been quite a job, cleaning up all that blood. Couldn't have been easy to kill him. Who cut off his head? You? Mm-mm, not me. (Logan) You disable his car? I didn't, I swear. Well, we found blood in the drain. Kyle Jones' blood. You should've unscrewed that drain cover, Lew, 'cause we did. I guess you can't think of everything. Wasn't my idea. I didn't think it was. Ricky wanted to impress this girl. Brenda Lally? [Scoffs] It's so whack. They've had, like, this stupid crush on me since forever. It's so annoying. [Sighs] They hinted around that they did it. You know, community should throw them a parade for what they done, like that. Ricky even said he'd show me the head if I didn't believe him, which, of course, I didn't. I thought it was all just talk. Killing Kyle Jones? Well, not just that. For years, you know, since junior high school, they've been talking about what it would feel like, you know, to... to kill somebody. Well, I guess now they know. [Sniffs] He dropped a beer bottle and cut his hand. So he was over at your place. Yeah, once. The night he was killed. You picked him up from the video store. I was down the block. He needed a ride. Well, you rigged his car so it wouldn't start. We didn't do that. [Inhales deeply] You liked him. He was okay. Well, you must've liked him. You invited him over to your place, had a beer, smoked a joint, popped some pills. That's the tox screen from his autopsy. Okay, we smoked a joint. What, are you gonna write me up for that too? Was that your plan? Get him drunk, get him stoned, make him easier to kill? We didn't kill him. Okay. After you smoked the joint? He split. He said he was tired. You didn't give him a ride home? His mom's house is like six blocks away. And after he left your place? [Chuckles] Yeah, I-I guess we should've given him a ride. Yeah, I guess you should've. You know, we went through your computer. You googled the location where you and Lew dumped the body. So? That's a coincidence. You just happened to look up driving directions to an industrial wasteland that's deserted at night? You just happened to look up where the mob dumps its victims? You just happened to order Luminol online? I didn't kill him. Well, Lew says you did. Says you brought him home, got him stoned, stabbed him, chopped off his head. Lew says, Lew says. Lew does say. Lew also says where you put the hacksaw. [Scoffs] No way. Oh, yeah. Lew told us everything... Except where you put the head. Where'd you put the head, Ricky? Brenda said you offered to show it to her. You talked to Brenda? What'd she say? She didn't believe you. She said you were a loser. No, she didn't. She said you've been talking for years about what it would feel like to kill someone. She said you're all talk, nothing but. Tell him that other thing she said. Oh, yeah. She also said that you didn't have the, um... You don't have the balls to do it. Huh? [Sniffs] Thing is... What she doesn't know is that I already knew what it felt like. Oh, you did, huh? Yeah. 'Cause I killed Kyle Jones, and I killed them other ones too. What other ones? In the paper. The other sex pervs, the molesters. I killed them all. You and Lew? Nah, just me. Lew only helped with the last one, with Jones. [Chair rattles] Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're a serial killer? Yeah. Like Hannibal Lecter. A real-life serial killer. And you hate perverts? Yeah. You know. How'd you do it? How'd you kill them? Stabbed them. Two of them, I cut off their heads. Come on, Rick, that was already in the papers. You got to give us something, you know, a little more than that. What'd you use? Hacksaw. Hacksaw. Well, the M.E. said that one of those victims committed suicide, hung himself. The other was decapitated by someone with a working knowledge of anatomy. And that wouldn't be you, Ricky, 'cause you's a high-school dropout. Right? The only person you killed was Kyle Jones, Ricky. All right, yeah. But, look, it was self-defense. It was? Yeah. He attacked me. I had to defend myself. He was stabbed in the back... 15 times. [Chuckles] [Chuckles] Yeah. Why'd you do it, just for the rush? I guess. So? What'd it feel like when you finally did it? It wasn't all that. No? No. It wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be. Fun? It was hard work. Yo, stabbing him, sawing his head off, cleaning it all up, totally soaked in blood. (Wheeler) if you had it to do over, would you have done it? Maybe not. So... so... I'm not... I'm not gonna be famous, am I? No. No, you're not gonna be famous. Oh, uh... You know where the fuse box is on a CMC? (Ross) The banality of evil. Good work. Well, there's one thing that's still bugging me. They gave it up, huh? Yeah. Everything. Where to find the head. Storage locker. [Chuckles] What was he gonna do with it? Sell it on ebay. I don't know. To tell you the truth, I didn't think they had it in them. Well, it wasn't exactly planned. They picked Jones up. One thing led to another. I dunno. You, uh... You happen to see Lew or Ricky near the store that night? You know, you need it, I might've seen them fooling around with Jones' car. It's not a problem. Thing is, those guys, they didn't even know that cars have fuses. They're lying. Why confess to the murder and lie about that? The car wasn't broken into. Someone would've had to have a slim Jim. So you gave Jones a ticket at 8:05 that night. Is that when you did it? Cop to cop? I was keeping the pressure on him. I didn't know his number was up. Funny how things work out, huh? Yeah... Hilarious. Hey, Wheeler. What do you say we grab a drink? Sorry. I can't. Hey, I'm buying. Oh. Logan, this is my fiance, Colin. So you're the lucky guy. It's great to finally meet the man who spends more time with Megan than I do. [Chuckles] Don't remind her. Well... We should go. We should. She's meeting the in-laws. Uh-huh. Good luck with that. Mm-hmm. Good night. See ya. See ya. [Sighs deeply] Our office is proud to announce the arrest of two suspects in the murder of Kyle Jones. Our city cannot condone lawlessness, no matter who the victim is. She's taking all the credit. And once again, justice is served. You know, one of the first cases I ever caught, guy was lying on his kitchen floor with his throat cut. There was a trail of blood out the door... All the way down the hall to the next apartment. So I go... [Knocking on desk] Knock on the door. A guy answers with a machete in his hand covered in blood. Yeah? What'd he say? "It was an accident." [Chuckles] This job, it's either tragic or stupid, mostly stupid. Yeah, but even when it's stupid, they usually have some kind of a... Reason. But this kid, just for the thrill of it. That's the thing. He didn't even enjoy it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 