Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations 
 s1e6 - Sicily - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations (2005–2012): Season 1, Episode 6 - Sicily - full transcript 
 In Sicily, Anthony Bourdain eats some tripe at a local frittola stand in II Capo Market, a spleen sandwich with Sicily's President, and salt encrusted fish. Later, Tony also debates where to get the best cannoli. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [inaudible] put the video with [inaudible] because [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] Tony. No, no. Necessary. Three step. Kristie, Laci, Achaelia [inaudible] Viva Vv Tonino [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible]. What the hell was that? Two things. I love the Italian movies and Italian food, but as we'll find out, Cecily is not exactly we Italy and making TV. Here is no picnic. Hi, I'm Anthony Boarding. That's right. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I write, I travel and I'm hungry for more. [inaudible] the other night I had a dream in my dream. I'm back in my kitchen. I'm trapped in an endless dinner rush. The angry mob outside the kitchen doors keeps shifting, growing, changing their orders. I want steak. I want fish. I want sauce on the side. I want it well done. I want it medium rare or relentless procession of waters crushing into the kitchen. Suddenly I'm on an island. [inaudible]. It's an island that's endured 6,000 years of domination by foreign powers, invader after invader from the seat. [inaudible]. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's belonged to everyone but its own people. Do. They give up? No. Hardened and proudly inhabitants persist, but they've discovered a secret [inaudible] distrustful of power and wealth. They've turned their attention elsewhere to the things that can be trusted. Oh, family, friends, simple food, beauty, all the natural pleasures of life. They live with passion to hell with everything else. That island. It's Sicily. When I woke up, I hopped the plane. I've arrived in Palermo, Sicily's capitol. I've gotta be honest. Lately I just haven't been feeling it. Another airport and other baggage claim and of course another loss and always the ever present camera capturing every humiliating moment. Some days. Being a slave to television feels no different than being a slave to the kitchen from time to time with a camera crew stalking my every move, travel can make me feel like holding myself up in a clock tower with a bottle of Wolf Schmitz. So I'm hoping Cecily, at least we'll bring back the pure rush of a good trip. I know that whenever I get off a plane after a nine hour flight from America, the first thing I always want to do in a country is meet the president. Ladies and gentlemen, may I present Salvador Fara, the president to Sicily's regional government. Now. Tony, you may be asking yourself, how does the president of Sicily have time to meet with you? [inaudible] thoughts. Exactly. I'm also meeting Chico, the guy who's supposed to be my guidance system, the president of CCD. Go and stay. Thank you. Thank you so much for ringing in the middle density. Yeah, of looking forward to eating well. Oh, that looks good. Gotcha. Are you San Francesco established in 1834 it's a historic landmark and one of Italy's oldest restaurants and it's a favorite snacking spot for the president. What's that? [inaudible] again? [inaudible] one door. The main door. A ton. The popular in [inaudible]. I understood that. What is the president and he too, when he comes here every time. What's his favorite [inaudible]? It's a bread with it's fried and they put inside of the bread the moment of truth. Fortunately, everyone keeps their job today by now that that's good. I wonder if the president comes in and orders the usual fuck that shit. Whoa. Let me say it. Angry little [inaudible]. Yes. It's a spleen sandwich. Grieve for spleen bark. Caciocavallo cheese from a fitting sandwich in the 16 hundreds they thought the spleen was the source of all emotion and passion. Well, there's book, but today I imagine it's simply a source of tension for these cooks right here. Apparently the presidential itinerary is a little pressing, but never too pressing. He insists to taste his favorite dessert. Kayla and Milana does it say [inaudible]? It is made with a watermelon, watermelon, Gillette bee stack using Giuliano as beautiful light and beautiful little chunks of chocolate and just stash it up. So my theory has always been culturally who had a history of struggle and always cooked better because they have to come home. I'm very fortunate. This is my first meal in Sicilian eds. I'm eating a really good one. Okay. That's all right. Thank you so much. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Bye Joplin. No, there's a man with his priorities in order. No border dispute or budget crisis is going to keep the president of Sicily from a delicious meal. The president knows how to eat well and the president is someone who's coming from a simple place, so he like to keep leaving with those simple things. Right after lunch, I tell Chico about my lost luggage and he offers to help me get cleaned up with a proper sense of Sicilian style. I want you to take, you know, days a friend of mine, which is at Taylor and his a musician outside 70 extraordinary, beautiful Gucci Lampo Tailors. Before there were gap outlets or shopping malls for thousands of years, people went to a tailor to have their clothes custom made and in Palermo, some still do. Yeah. We still keep this kind of tradition. We like to have our whole perfect because I could really use a new jogging suit, something in velveteen. He that musician though, so it's a really high [inaudible] Pachamama, Zika [inaudible] traditional Sicilian folk music is as ancient as tailoring celebrations, love songs, or even rivalries and jealousies. Any intense emotion is considered good subject matter for a song. [inaudible] and apparently any occasion is a good time to play it, but it's a rare treat. In the last hundred years, this music has almost vanished. No, I bought that jogging suit. [inaudible] gentlemen, can we look at some fabric? Uh, 36 long guys, single, breastfed, no cuffs. [inaudible] Sicilian music may not be too popular elsewhere, but the only thing obsolete around here is the sewing machine. Maybe tomorrow the airline will locate my luggage and I'll locate a reason to live. Chico says we'll be going sailing. And he mentioned something about curling ourselves off a cliff. Palermo, Sicily, heavily damaged in World War II. It still looks like the set of an Italian neorealist film, but Palermo's decay in grand jury, analyze a city rich in culture. On my way to meet my friend Chico for a history lesson, I take a little side trip of my own. They call this the plaza of shame. I don't know what's so shameful about nudity. So what, you know, the walk of shame now that shameful, you know, when you leave somebody's apartment, you know, and your evening clothes, or when the mortars were here, they found all this nudity. Shameful. So they knocked all the Schwartz's office. You know what I mean? What if they kept them all in a little box like, oh, hey, they left [inaudible] how come that guy I got to live? Yeah, he's still got his unit. Well, most of it. On the other hand, these guys are hung like hamsters. That's pretty shameful. Speaking of shameful architecture, sculpture, painting, and groceries, well, probably not. If you're buying them from big brother at the brave new world of your local Uber market, check this out. [inaudible] markets are often the fast track into a countries psyche. When I hook up with Chico, it turns out we're going to Palermo's Capo street market. Uh, I wanted to do this. You, my friend to get is here. Gaetano the Cla is a famous writer and historian of Sicilian culture. Great. Donna [inaudible]. It's the oldest market in the world, the oldest market in the world, a 1000 years. 1000 years. Wow. Kelowna. The cla shops here frequently and feels it's an easy way to learn about Sicilian culture. Superficially, the obvious variety of products reflects Sicily's, many foreign influences, but more importantly, the waist is Cillian shop reflects their outlook on life. [inaudible] contract. Great. Important things to know is in rainy Sydney, when people are going in market to buy any kind of food they want to be attract, also buy the food. In this market. It's a game of seduction. Everyone wants to be seduced. When was the last time you were turned on at your local supermarket? Don't answer that. Oh, sweet. See? Then when you see, you know, oldest things like that because that's a trial or trial or they call it Lucas tile of verbage towels. Okay, I see something really exciting over here for each of them. Hold three [inaudible] invite you to buy that fish because the presentation is very nice. Colorful. It's a not, you know, it's like chain model, barrel. Getting inspiration from the Barocco style. The Rock art originated in Italy and emphasizes exaggerated motion and drama for a passionate central appeal. The cla takes me to a Baroque church in the center of the market to finish his point. [inaudible] now I get it hungry hearing my complaint, but Sila says nearby there's a one of a kind snacking opportunity. Palermo, Sicily and narrow crumbling street cut to a large covered basket. Steam carries the vague sour smell of mystery meat. Heavy man looms silently revealing nothing. Suddenly he reaches inside slaps a steaming mound of flesh into your palm and you're instructed to swallow it instantly leaving. Not a trace. Would you do it? I love fruit. Now we are going to have a fleet. The Frito La is all the pieces of different animals are cool to get the degrees from. Oh my. They used to in a way that in the book people, of course they took that and they used to fry that. Okay, so these were all the scraps. Little bits of scraps that they would render out. The fat is actually to sell, but the poor people were left with the meat you have to eat is very, when is very warm because otherwise the test is too strong. You know it. Let's see. It's like a mystery basket. The way he goes in, right? What's inside? We don't know right away you get a well a soccer ball as global. Awesome for good. He knows better than that because it's stocked me odd bits. [inaudible] oh yeah. Actually he's one of the best place for Frito. Look at them circling like seagulls. Oh, I can hang out here all day and nearby. Easily accessible. Appropriate beverage. I don't be as much time as a morning. I have a good glass of red wine after the [inaudible] to test have to meet together. It was nice in Palermo street, food is deadly serious. Okay. I'm not a doctor, but she goes, look in a little haggard. He's sluggish, irritable, dragging his feet. It's all this work making TV sets. We must go sailing with my friends. Sicily's northern coast is an almost uninterrupted string of beaches and resort towns. It's no wonder that the scenery is well beautiful, but if you truly want to live large, sailing is the best choice. Oh yeah. Now we're moving. Yeah. This is a lot better than the last time I was in Italy. Well, horribly fun when I had jammed into a B day. Maybe this teeny job isn't so bad. After all. You've been in New York, Brooklyn, Brooklyn. [inaudible]. Haven't impressed anybody on board with where I come from, but this kind of misery, alienation and on weight. Yes. I guess I can live with no comment. Chico suggest some adventure. Something he claims he does regularly. Let's move. We sit out in the dinghy to do some cliff jumping. Is this a good idea? Yeah. Stone cold. No, I mean holy, I've never even jumped off the high diving board. At least it's a good way to go. It's better than killed over dating. Whatever's about to happen. One thing's for sure. Chico and I have a long climb up, a very tall cliff, but one life to give from my network. [inaudible] when we last left our fearless hero, he was trying to convince himself that jumping off a cliff made perfect sense in the last thing you see in your life. Gorgeous Blue Mediterranean off the coast of Sicily coming up to crash into your skull and pack your spine and cause all sorts of, you know, cranial bleeding. Now some things you might ask, how is this food related? If I know, I guess if I crush my skull and a rock, parts of me will become part of the food chain. Okay. So my plan is to let Chico jump first. I figure if his head pops up to the surface, I won't have to clean to this rock all night waiting for a rescue chopper. [inaudible] uh, Chico. Was this high enough? Chico. How about now? Are we there yet? Chico? This is a joke, right? Holy Mother, son of them. Good idea of why? I don't know Chico. That looks like a long way down. You should have you done this before? Yeah, I doubted it when it was first. Uh, I think you should go first and I'll be looking very closely down at that water to see if you pop up. Okay. By the way, I got one question. I'm not wishing you bad luck or anything, but just hypothetically, if you don't make it, how do I get down from here? Oh, whoa. [inaudible] Ooh, that's kind hurting. [inaudible] I just don't want to crap in the back for the rest of my life. Okay, so please let it in here. Kids don't try this at home. No feeding tube. No feeding. [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] okay. [inaudible] that was cool. It looks like a million miles down. When you think twice about don your contract anymore. That's just the province. Yeah, that water goes right up here. Well, they call me cc man. Yeah. Thank you. Let's do it again. I hope that jump impressed my shipmates. My work here is done. I know what you're saying. You're saying. Okay, Tony, you know gorgeous women and tiny little bathing suits. Death-Defying feeds fantastic food. That's all well and good, but where's the salt? Salt? Once rare, his gold wars were fought for it. Empires built by a biological necessity. Linchpin of civilization. It led to global trade and the great salt roads. All routes ended here at the very center. The oldest salt marshes in all of Europe. A great of salt. Prized above all others. Prop Bunny, please kill me. Kill me now. I should pay more attention to the preproduction notes. Let me tell you folks in production of salt, it's similar to the ice process in it's excitement. [inaudible] Anthony Bordain reporting to you from the front line of the salt flats of Trapani behind me. Salt, a lot of salt. What's that? Wolf? Isn't this exciting? Wolf windmills are used to pump seawater into large ponds. Now supposedly the water evaporates and this is not fully confirmed, but according to our experts, salt is left behind. If you look closely wolf, you may actually be able to see the evaporation process taking place in these shots. Wolf Wolf, this is a breaking story. I found something here. It could be significant. It's salt and it tastes salty. [inaudible] [inaudible] hey, ready to eat a Chico arranges lunch with the proprietor. Maybe that'll spice things up. [inaudible] you're the salt is the principle element. Of course you've seen the middle and now we here with the, this is the chef at Pino and Mr Antonio, which is a the owner of this place. Let the excitement begin there. Things has been cooked with the concept of the salt. There's an array of salty sides like octopus salad, handmade pasta, and Caponata. A traditional Sicilian eggplant dish. As for the main course, speed, speed got bass. Take a fresh fish. You take this soul, you put the little bit of water and the thought, and then you put all this salt on top of the fish. Then the fish gets baked in salt. [inaudible] right? It's a very [inaudible] and simple. Luckily the fish was caught this morning. That's beautiful. Normally you should have opened like this. You just caught this side like this. Delicious. It is in no way salting and felt quite the opposite. It's assault as a means of of cooking it inside the crust. It essentially cooks in its own juices. That moisture tries to escape and is forced back in. Oh, Salad. The salad there is, he says that it has salt and salt. Yes. Say [inaudible]. Why on the no [inaudible] there's salt and there's salt. There's only one thing to be said about the two hours of my life that followed that fateful opening phrase. This man like salt. He said, don't forget to solve because the salt is the base of the life. The life is flat. Thank you and I won't forget your kindness. Thank you. I'm thinking that gift shops gotta be awesome. Salt related novelties when a bobblehead doll made of salt on an ashtray made of salt, salt postcard, salt, any snacks, so things would surely have turned out far better from my ratings if I'd indeed shattered my spine at the bottom of that cliff, things will surely improve tomorrow. When I hop a flight to a volcanic Sicilian island, it's closer to Africa, then Italy. Mm. After my salt and crusted adventures yesterday, I jumped to 30 minute flight to Pantelleria of volcanic outcropping in the Mediterranean. It's the biggest of Sicily's outlying islands. Look at this place, windblown, rugged, and beautiful. My kind of island, I really don't want to work today. This is the kind of day I hate this. Here I am in paradise, and look at this Pantelleria about 70 kilometers fat away. This Tunisia in Africa, you know, hardly a location that I should be bitching about. My job sitting here, all I want to do is just hang out. Oh, but no, I'm going caper. Farming. That's right. People, capers. You know those little Pecan morsels that most of you mistake for mouse droppings and pushed to the side of your plate. These low slung caper bushes grow like Kudzu in a rich volcanic soil. The caper is the unopened green flower bud on a Bush. Okay, here's the rub. These nubs of goodness are hand harvested. I don't know how he's doing then. Don't relate this well. They, oh my God, I parked already. The one person take 20 kilos was one person. Yes, 20 kilos every day. Yeah, 20 kilos. For my metrically challenged audience, that's around 40 pounds. Find your position because you have to stay four hours, four hours, six o'clock. 10 please bring on the food and beverage part of this journey. I think I've done pretty well. All right. I think that deck pretty much covers my work day. How long was that? Four minutes. Yeah, I think I did well. I think we need to drink. I know at my job. I mean I know I'm ready. I was dying. Oh yeah. Now when you're working your ass off in the caper field like these guys do every day, you should reward yourself with a good lunch. And these guys do just that. Grilled tomatoes for a fresh pasta sauce with crushed Bazell and capers. Come on. You break your back all day picking them. It better end up in the food. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Let's try some of those freshly picked ones. I sweated over cause now not not on, on a quiz. You need to four months, four months tweeted. Okay, so four months in the salt. And by the way, Kapor fans, that's trapping assault after that, what do they do? [inaudible] that was beautifully put. Good looking salad. All we need now are libations. Oh thank God. That's of homemade wine and not a grape incite. I have to crush. Oh No. [inaudible] you some disagreement between the chefs. Now we're talking. I like his method. It was a discussion. It's like mix it or over the top. I think what we arrived at is both teaching and changing. Thank you gentlemen. That's awesome. [inaudible] so how often do they cook like this? More or less? Every day with your wine here. The wine there is always the wine. Yeah, I'm getting that idea. Yes, but lunch is so much more than just a bowl of pasta. That looks good. So you're telling me that a big bowl of pasta is not enough. You've got to have, this is our second, what do you call that? And then the second plate consisting of grilled, scorned meat day. A local salt water fish. As you guys know how to live, work hard. Party hard. Oh on. That's beautiful. Fine. Combine [inaudible] right? Yeah. [inaudible] when you were in the country, you would do with your hands, not with a fork. Pete, what's his Rama with the foot jet was there's been away from home too long. Oh, excuse me sir. I think I ordered salad with my sardines. Yeah, that's a lot of fun. Tesco Salad, unique to this island. All of your local products are in here. You get your fish, tomatoes, your capers, fish oil. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you with your feet? Cool. I hope you watched them before you did that. How beautiful is this? My caper, farming buddies and me chowing down after a hard morning working in the fields. We realize is all Sicilians do that the key to surviving a hard days Labor is mixing in plenty of hard relaxation. This is the life for me. I don't know. I don't know. It's because those like us. This is great, so we'll eat to live, to drink. Now you, you worked in your drink normally before you work, before you work. What? Oh No. Oh No. This is even worse than my job to hear that. That noise. Oh, it sounds like somebody just stepped on a box of Wheaties. Apparently there's no such thing as a free lunch out here. I'm running into the seven 11 I'm getting a jar of capers and I'm just throwing them in the bucket. Then I'm hopping the first plane to a tiny remote Sicilian island in the middle of the Mediterranean squid fishing. Anyone surely that promises a relaxing life, aquatic, another beautiful Sicilian day on foals before me. Well, Kinda. I'm back in transit. Where am I? Where am I going? Where am I going? That's right. Another puddle jumper. This time to the island of Lampedusa, buddy Holly, the big Bopper, Richie Valence, JFK, a junior, Ricky Nelson, common all died to flaming inferno of a plane wreck. Okay. Sunny disposition and optimistic outlook of cleared the baggage check. At least this flying Tin Tan will transport me to some isolated relaxation, alive or dead. So let's get this bird airborne. Okay, that's slightly disconcerting. I better memorize this quick and wonderful. Crazy eyes is a good nickname for a pilot. Hey, put those glasses back on. [inaudible] bet. Well, I had a sage uncle who once told me the most important things in life were the three s fishing flying, and I forget the other one, but let's go fishing. Lampedusa, a tiny Mediterranean island. There were basically two things that happen here. Tourism and fishing. So if you want to understand the locals, the obvious choice as well. [inaudible] fishing. And while it is a serious livelihood for people like Salvatore, I figure it's gotta be fun, right after all it's fishing, but that's promising. This is going to be great. Hugging the wild Calamari, big as a subway car. I understand twice as me like a lot of activities in this country. I'm discovering the Calamari. Phishing is labor intensive. No Dragon. Big Nets out here? No Sir. This is done with Willa. Makeshift version of Ron Popeil pocket fisherman. No Rod. Just by hand I run. How many kilos is when is a good nights hall kilos, 200 kilos like that. You go like that. You can kill the drought. Okay. Why do you feel about to pull like that? Because you never know when the kind of money going. The kitchen never know when the Calamari is going to buy. Hey Chico, how about never? Now I like to think I have. Yeah, pretty good sea legs, but this water is starting to get a bit choppy. Okay. Ah. See she's a crude business. Give her of life. We take her of Jesus and the words of George Costanza. The sea was angry that day. My friends like an old man trying to return super to Delhi. Really the only thing keeping me going at this point is a certain knowledge to my producer was going to be vomiting before me and I'll be there to watch. Phyllis said, light state of calm and nausea. We've been out here for hours. It's getting dark. Nothing is biting. And half my crew have their head over the rail. I'm going to go yo and like magic. Oh yeah. Here we go. That's one good looking color column. He likes me. I think my work day's done to the bar. Sure. The ocean didn't give up much of her bounty that night, but my crew sure did. And that's a good night of fishing as far as I'm concerned. Uh, I woke up the next morning feeling a little bit down, finally arrested butter knife so I could cut my own throat. Sometimes traveling takes its toll as do salt flats, caper fields, and fruitless quests for Calamari. Hey, I mean, we're in an island. Paradise. There's this beautiful sun is beach all around, you know, make a television. I'm defected. I'll see you guys next island. I need some downtime to cut loose a trip to Sicily. Shouldn't feel like work. Hey, I'm driving here. Maybe that's why Sicily's many conquers didn't last. They missed the point. Move it pops. I got a bad attitude, bad attitude. This is how the entire show should've been. Meaning motoring around, sucking in the vista at a more relaxed pace. How do you say, I'm a very bitter, unhappy man and from now on I'm taking my cues from Sicilian locals, not my producers. I'm thinking, Hey, a friendly game of bace with the locals. That's true, Ali. Okay, now this is a game that knows no age, just right for me. Simply roll your bace as close as possible to the Paulino ball to score points. Easy, right? Come on Kevin. I have a little fun when some of the wise old salts of Lampedusa stop bouncing around on fishing boats. That's about as good as it gets. They often spend the rest of the day here playing boxing. Oh No. You don't have to be wildly competitive to find satisfaction in this game, but it helps. I got this one cold. Prove out JFS in autos or fanatics. Maybe that's why this Italian pastime has been around for 7,000 years. [inaudible] come on old man. Roll that Damn Ball. Roll. Hide your colostomy bag. Oh yeah. We social security checks right now on. Yes. Ooh. Looking good for you guys. Here we go. Yes. America one. I feel like Paul Newman in the hustler only I get to win. Hello? Oh yeah. I know. It's only a little bit to me, but to them it's their whole world. That's what matters. Oh yeah. The other way. Taken advantage of old people. Next stop. Century village. Hm. Know how to dispose of my ill gained winnings. [inaudible] oh yeah. Nice indigenous beverage. Pina Colada. Do Kidding. Sometimes it does pay to be a tourist. Yeah. Don't feel so bad. They'll tell you to do this to all these people. Their flavor from up north all over Italy. Come down here. Lay the chairs. Eat too late. Bust eaten. Let the squids strip a lot of wine to this kick back. Relax. Ooh, that's gonna hurt. Should I tell her? Yeah. I'm feeling more myself. Relaxed. Buzzed even reckless. I think I'm ready to take on Europe's largest volcano. Beto Raj [inaudible] Messianic Damian [inaudible]. As an avid cinephile, I've always believed that film and food are two important windows in what country's soul. You need to do an audit on it. Italian cinema is filled with images of Sicily. It's rugged, beautiful mystique, clearly an important part of Italy's filmic identity, but does Sicily feel the same way about Italy or any other place for that matter? What is its true character? Maybe I can find the answer. In termina, a city on Sicily's, eastern coast, famous for the ruins of the ancient Greek amphitheater. It's become a Sicilian Mecca for culture and the arts. [inaudible] same feeling every summer. Tamina hosts a film festival in the Greek amphitheater. Hey, thanks for inviting me. I really want to thank these people for inviting me. Where's the liquor at? I've arranged to meet a friend at the festival once upon a time in America was just absolutely bloated, self-important plus pure filmmaking, great sense of cinema. Vincenzo was a Sicilian. It was recently returned from being a film student at NYU. Unlike many Sicilians, he has strong opinions. Strangely enough. So to why when you put together James [inaudible] way spills, boredom and depression to me. Don't I agree with you? It's great. Confessing in what kinds of lesson number one, never start an argument with this as Caelian. Unless you're prepared to go the distance. If I found any tea in my shed, I call it exterminator. There's some creepy little animals. 6,000 years of invasions can make you a stubborn opponent. This place [inaudible] you just set. You don't tell [inaudible] Manny and my shot here, by the way, they portray Cecily's so superficial to who got it right. No one's ever gotten as we're technically still filming a TV show. This interests me, so I ask him what it is that filmmakers miss. He says, everyone oversimplifies Sicilian culture. We crossed the Blah the week, every possible civilization for a thousand years. Look at me. I'm the living proof. I'm short as an Arab. My eyes are blue and I can Norman my last name, the Greek name. My brother is dark skin. My temper is Spanish. We are not only method in full, we are metal in the bladder. The very, uh, Milstein culture. [inaudible] more than New York, I think from way before. So what are we going to get? Something sweet for the next film in Hawaii. And you are in Sicily. You have to take some sweet, this is our national food, you know? Oh yeah. Yeah. What's so special about facility of desserts? A thousand year old domination. We have a huge variety of sweets, as you can see in a, and they have the most delicious sweets you can never taste in the title award can on it. That's so good. Yeah, absolutely. Come on. Have you ever read there? Not In New York. I had what I thought it was or can only in New York, it doesn't take a season. Yeah. Doesn't exist. Hey, hold on. Their film geek boy, the canola is the most iconic of all Italian desserts. This simple, deep fried shell filled with sweetened ricotta cream is universally loved by all Italians. And as New York has been frequently ranked as the largest Italian city outside of Italy, I'm pretty certain that I've had a cannoli better than this. You have to settle this argument. Yeah, yeah. Right here. Right now. Let's make it back. I was like this bat, how do you ready [inaudible] hmm. Yeah, that'd be all right. Smart Guy. You got off easy. You can say still no two days with no people. Don't do the lotto out in this country. You don't. You don't say no more. No, no, no, no. You can die tomorrow. We are on the vote camp, you know? Right. So I checked on the night tomorrow. You want to know with this week data? Yep. Tony, some of you were asking what volcano and you lost the bet. So what exactly did you lose? Funny. You should ask Mount Etna, Europe's largest volcano, 10,900 feet high steam fire lava. It's in a nearly constant state of eruption today. It's a popular Sicilian attraction, but the Visitor v where it is extremely foolish to step outside designated safety zones. So we're going to see any hot lava up here. Ah, hopefully. Oh, the bleak back country. All true nature enthusiasts realize the best trail is the one you invent that we're getting good footage. I hope y'all are going to shut these in black and white cheese. Yeah, that's going to happen on American television. No. Mount Etna is no killer volcano. Frankly, its eruptions are pretty tame and it's lava moves slowly. In fact, there've been only 77 confirmed deaths in recorded history. Virtually all of those people were in areas they shouldn't have been. I like this bleak landscape. It makes almost anything you say somehow more significant should you happen to find yourself in that small risk group. There are some hazards. Spontaneous Fishers, showers of molten rock and something called event clearing. Free attic explosion sounds like a proc. The logical complaint. What do you give bro? Passion that low end dogs. Oh, I didn't bring marshmallow and hot dogs. I bought some local a Sicilian snacks. You know a lot about wine and food. I'm sorry, I'm on Sissy. So also sitting in some, a lot about wine and food, wine, food, sex, movies, everything revisited related with pleasure. We know it's about pleasure. Yeah, like you said, pleasure, Sicilian priority. It's in their spirit. When you let pleasure, control your life and not your life. Control pleasure, you'll find great passion. Well, call me seasonally, man. Eat. See Live and the hell with everything else. And now the payoff to the wager. I owe Vincenzo lunch. Yeah. I don't know about you, but this reminds me of my gender with Andre. You know the lumen classic Louis Mo, you know, two guys talking at a table. Only different [inaudible]. Yeah. Listen, could you hold this pizza next to the wall? You could just get a little cold. Who came from here? It's like we are, I mean picnic on the mall. Yeah, but I'll tell you if we're going to the moon together, don't forget the wine that started. I'm sorry. I don't know what happened when we were talking about Fellini and you were halfway from yammering. Yammering yammering about eight and a half. And I said, the wine, bring the wine tomorrow. You can't stay by to even on top of what's that rumbling. So I think that's looking really good. Look at the composition that is shall be tribe on boots on a boat. Dude, it's rocking. We did the best we could out of county to be on Tanya on it looks a little like Antonioni. I believe it will be if it's in black and white. Yeah. That's all. Everything in black and white. He's Antonioni come on. That's a boat. But he's not Antonio. I'm sorry. Cause that's a master. You know, someone will always remember the love Ventura. Do you think people will remember your cheap television show? Come on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 