Miami Vice: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miami Vice 
 s1e11 - Little Prince - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miami Vice (1984–1989): Season 1, Episode 11 - Little Prince - full transcript 
 Crockett thinks that a wealthy industrialist's son nailed in a heroin bust could lead them to bigger connections in the supply network. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on. I can't keep this up. Just keep walkin', baby, okay? Just keep walkin'. Why? You think I'm just gonna walk this off? Come on. Easy, all right? We'll find somebody soon, all right? We're gonna score, right? Tell me we're gonna score. All right! Come on. Hey, my friends call me Santa Claus. Yeah, well, we ain't your friends, so just get lost, puke. Hey, yours, mama. - No, no. Come back. Don't go. Don't let him go. He's just a cop. Hey, why don't you look again, baby? Get me high. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Okay, you got it, mama. Come on. You got some stuff? Yeah, I got it. Gotta just keep her together, all right? Hey, we're gonna take care of her. 'Cause she needs some bad. Come on, lizard. Take us somewhere. Are you talkin' to me? No, I'm not talkin' to you, Stan. Back up. I'm not gettin' anything, Larry. What's wrong with this? A million dollars. They're gonna pay this guy a million dollars not to play football next year. Man! When I was laid up in the hospital with my knee in a thousand pieces, I didn't even get a box of chocolates. Tubbs. Yeah, Tubbs. We lost 'em. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, cupcake. You're lookin' sharp. They're with me. Oh, don't mind Gary. He died three years ago. Come on. Hey. I hope you're not gonna speedball. Had a problem with a damn guy last night. Blood all over the place. Hey, put this one on my tab. Hey. Hey, this pop's on me. Hey, Luther might dance, and Luther might joke, but Luther's gonna get you well. And then you're gonna do for Luther. Ain't that right, sugar? We gotta find the shootin' gallery. There's Royco, Miami's favorite junkie. If anybody knows, he will. Let's get him! Aah! I didn't do nothin'! I didn't do nothin', man! Where's the fix-it shop, Royco? I don't know what you're talkin' about, man. Read my lips, Royco. Where? Oh, man, I wanna see a lawyer. You're gonna need a coroner! Where, you little worm? We don't care about you, man! Where's the gallery? Ow! Glades Hotel, man, Room 419. Grade A, baby. This stuff's gonna make you fly, sugar fly. Then me and you, we're gonna get down and talk about some real business. All right? Everybody freeze! Miami Vice! Freeze! Crockett! Ow! Freeze! Don't move! What took you so long? Stopped for doughnuts. Must be a fire escape. Cover me. ♪ Relax ♪ ♪ Relax ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey♪♪ No fire escape. ...wanted for a murder in Broward. Zito, Switek, can I see you in my office, please? Hey, Crockett, look who else made tonight's guest list. Fifth one down. Uh-oh. Headlines in tomorrow's social register. Mark Jorgenson Jr. Isn't his old man the guy that buys and sells corporations like they were used cars? Mr. Wall Street Raider himself, number 387 on Forbes 400. Since when do you read Forbes, Crockett? When I'm at the dentist. Tubbs, let's go shake this kid out. I'll call you later. Well, the police report says here this is your second offense in eight months, Mark. You violated probation, pal. I just love it when you poor little rich kids slip up twice. You know why? 'Cause then you're just like everybody else. What do you want with me? Oh, not too much, just a couple of names... your dealer, his supplier. I can't do that. What it is, Mark, is you got some kind of bright future ahead of you. You don't want to poison it with this. This is what it is, pal: You're gonna do every day of six months, just for the possession alone. By the time you get out, you'll be the volleyball. You get my drift? We're gonna drop the charges. You got it in writing. I can't give up my friends. - They're not your friends, Mark. All right. I'm Alan Farber with Sloves and Warner. - I don't give a damn if you're Bailey and Belli! Who the hell do you think you are to bust in here? I have a court order from Judge Fairfax here for the release of Mark Jorgenson Jr. Let's go, Mark. Damn it. So what else is new? The Gucci class slips through the cracks. They do it all the time. Doesn't mean I have to get used to it. Man. It was a nice touch playin' the good cop routine. I wasn't playin'. I've seen guys in the Bronx, Lower East Side, strung out, slammed down. They got a thousand and one reasons to want to escape, and a thousand and one nights of learnin' the ropes. But the saddest thing is an uptown junkie. They're only into it because they hurt so much inside. I hear you. I got a feelin' this kid can lead us to something. Like what? Don't lose these. Dealers that won't get within 10 miles of nickle-and-dime junkies... will fall all over themselves to rub shoulders with a celebrity like Jorgenson. I figure this kid can hand us a dozen mid-level suppliers. Trudy, what were you saying about Jorgenson just a little while ago? The kid comes from a family high up on the social register. He has one prior. I wanna run it down. I wanna pull the jacket on the kid and do a back-trace through the computers and see what kicks out. In the meantime, we'll rattle the kid's cage. Piece of cake. Hah! Hah! Hah! Hah! Nicely played. Thanks. Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Training for life's hard falls? - Watch your blind side the next time, kiddo. Oh, there he is. You played wonderfully. - Yeah, I fall pretty good, huh? Hello, Mark. How are ya? I'll see you in a little while. What the hell are you doing here? I just love polo. It's one of my real fave raves. Hi, there. Sonny Burnett. Oh, hi. Mary McDermott. Pleasure. Well, how do you two know each other? Uh, we... We ran into each other sailing over at the Cypress Club, literally. Oh, that's nice. Hi, honey. Hi. Mm. Mark, uh, this is Sonny Burnett, a friend of Mark Jr.'s. Hi. - I'm gonna hit the showers. Uh, we're gonna meet Philip and Ray in the bar in about 20. Okay. Well, nice to meet you, Sonny. My pleasure. Bye. Excuse me. ♪ One of them plays a piccolo in my ear ♪ ♪ Another one makes me smell things that aren't there ♪ ♪ And they know where to hide ♪ ♪ And they know everything that's inside ♪ ♪ Of my head ♪ ♪ Tiny demons ♪ ♪ Inside me ♪ ♪ One of them ties a lasso around my heart ♪ Mark? ♪ Another one makes me nod when I drive the car ♪ ♪ And they won't ever leave ♪ ♪ But they won't show their faces to me ♪ Hey, Mary Mac. Hey. My father's not here. Yeah, I know. I'm meeting him. I heard about last night. Hey, you look good in white, Mary. You notice how white this whole house is? Mark, I thought you were over this. Is white even a color? ♪ Tiny demons ♪ ♪ Inside me ♪ ♪ Tiny demons ♪ Hello? ♪ Inside me ♪ ♪ Tiny demons♪♪ ♪♪ Hello, hello. Where's Mark? He's sleeping. You mean, he's stoned. Yeah, I think he's a little ashamed about what happened. Oh, yeah. Well... I don't care if he was planning to leverage those assets to buy the Trump Tower. Sell off that inventory if you can't come up with the money. Then we'll sue him for breach of contract. Because I've had it up to my teeth with these two-bit, sandbagging wastes of time. Let 'em take their bush-league crap somewhere else. Can I get you something from inside? Oh, it finally came through, huh? Yeah, I figured that would please you. The short interest on that stock is so high, if we touch it on the open market it'll explode. Why don't we take, uh, a hundred thousand shares next week? Sell the T.H.I. That oughta raise enough capital to cover it. Thank you, Henry. I wanted you know that Alan seems to think he can plead no contest... and get you a suspended sentence. That sounds fine. With the proviso that you spend six months away at a drug rehabilitation center. That's like sending me to jail. No! No, I won't do it. I'm not going. You don't have a choice. You can finish the last semester at school, of course, and the polo season. Felix called from downtown. Said they're gonna push the Jorgenson preliminary back to Friday. Couple more days of, uh, the high life. High life, my eye. If I have to sit through one more polo match, I'm turnin' in my badge. There you are! Just love doing you guys' grunt work. Come on, honey. Now, we'd do it for you. Yeah, right. What'd you get? Well, it's routine stuff on Junior... Being bounced out of prep school like it was his hobby. And then I spot the package on the old man. Whoo! The whole world has had him under glass... I.R.S., Swiss bank authorities, Federal Trade. Last year he was under surveillance for inside trading...S.E.C. They had the whole thing... they had him surveilled, they had wire on him. When Jorgenson got a hold of it, he took the entire commission to court for harassment and beat 'em. Wow. Guy was voted most likely to become Robert Vesco in high school. There's more. Remember Andre Gilbert? You mean the coke financier that married the Italian actress? This is the company he's been keeping. Ha! Wow. I didn't expect this to lead to his own father. Jorgenson. Uh-huh. Little, uh, R&R; in Hotel du Cap in Antibes. I smell a little offshore money laundering here. You know what this is? This is a major thread. Let's pick it up. I'll check out those wiretap tapes. You know what you guys are gonna pick up is a couple hundred million dollars worth of old money, some heavy-duty lawyers and tons of political clout. So what? Just because he has money doesn't mean he's not dirty. I was just thinking about you. And what were you thinking? That you're gonna kill me if I don't watch out. I still haven't recovered from last night. Oh, gimme a break. I'll go easy on you, I promise. Shh! Please, don't. Mark, I think I found a warehouse for the inventory. The van is delivering here now. What? - I know that sound. I said, I just wanted to know if you want to see it. It's a train...a commuter train. Good work, Holmes. You narrowed things down to a 60-mile stretch. Sounds like a church clock, way in the background. That could be St. Charles. Are there any warehouses around here? Over there. See? Right over there. Thanks. Sure. Sure. I had the chance to get in on the ground floor... with the hot pretzel thing. Zeb and I could have become millionaires three times by now. Right, Zeb? You ever see anyone unloading stuff into any of these warehouses? Sure. Trucks come by here all the time. Here. Trucks? How about vans? Vans? Hey, Zeb, didn't we see a green van come by here the other day? Sure, we did. Right into that warehouse across the street, right by the garbage bin. Whew. Crockett. Hey. Have I got a surprise for you, Lieutenant. About a hundred and 50 kilos or thereabouts. Let's see, 40 grand, that's, uh, about five million wholesale. Gentlemen, we're lookin' at about 75 million on the street. Is it Jorgenson's? It's somebody's. Let's sit on it. Ah, there. How 'bout the mission? Looks good. Let's set up shop. Looks good from here. No place like home. Come on. Let's get the gear. I'll go check out who owns the warehouse. So, who actually owns the warehouse? The V.B.A. Corporation out of Lauderdale is the owner of record. And who owns that? ♪ Turn it up ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I'm workin' hard You're workin' too ♪ ♪ We do it every day ♪ ♪ For every minute I have to work ♪ ♪ I need a minute of play ♪ ♪ Day in, day out, all week long ♪ ♪ Things go better with rock ♪ ♪ The only time I turn it down ♪ ♪ Is when I'm sleepin' it off ♪ Ownership of the V.B.A. Corporation is listed to a Delaware holding company. And who owns that? A Bahamian company. How long can the string stretch? A long way. ♪ Now listen ♪ ♪ I wanna shake I wanna dance ♪ ♪ So count it off One, two, three ♪ ♪ I feel the beat I'm in a trance ♪ ♪ No better place to be ♪ ♪ Daytime, nighttime, anytime ♪ ♪ Things go better with rock ♪ ♪ I'm goin' 24 hours a day ♪ ♪ I can't seem to stop ♪ ♪♪ I'm sorry. I've spent two days trying. I can't get any names... not stockholders, not board of directors, nothing. Phone number, an address, something. Just the one in the Bahamas that doesn't answer. You might try the I.R.S. How long would that take? A long time. ♪ Turn up the radio ♪ ♪ I want to feel it Got to gimme some more ♪ Gina. ♪ Turn up the radio ♪ It's going down now. - ♪ I need the music Gimme some more ♪ ♪ Yeah, turn up the radio ♪ ♪ I want to feel it Got to gimme some more ♪ ♪ Turn up the radio Come on ♪ ♪ I need the music Gimme some more ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Turn up the radio ♪ ♪ Turn it up♪♪ Chicken and pizza. No, no, no, no, no. That's never gonna work, Stan. What you gotta do is tell her somethin' outrageous. You're right, Lawrence. When you're right, you're right. Yeah, so forget the truth. They never believe the truth. You tell 'em the truth, they laugh in your face. You're right. Lying's easier. It always is. - It is. It's more natural. Sure. How you doin'? Not a sound. Get the car. Freeze! Miami Vice! What is it? Were you just, uh, helpin' Jorgenson out? Doin' him a favor? You don't really know what was in that warehouse, now, do you? Officer, I specifically requested an attorney. Now, if you persist in questioning me now, at this time, without my lawyer being present, you are in violation of about four separate statutes. And any case you think you have, you're about to blow now. Lady, this is not a traffic ticket. What we're talkin' about is a hundred and 50 kilos. That's some serious time. You better do yourself some good while you can. I don't know what you're talking about. Kilos? Packages? Uh, what, was there something with my name on it, or my address? See, I heard that the building was for rent, and I thought it might be suitable to store some antiques. And beyond that, I don't know what you're talking about, Officer. Yeah? Well, what I'm talkin' about... is a very pretty lady in her 30s... who's gonna come out of prison old, tired and in her 40s. Detective, I specifically requested an attorney. Who went with Mary today? Felix and Jesús. Why, was there a problem? I lost $5 million. That's a problem. Mary's been arrested. What? For what? They say she's been selling narcotics. She may have even used my offices and my properties to do it. Well, you gonna help her? You can't just let her stay in jail. Yeah, I know. I also can't be connected with that sort of thing. Connected with it? She's your... Yes, but too many businessmen have become entangled in this sort of thing. My credibility would come into question. Banks are headed up by a bunch of old women. You want me to go? It won't make any difference to my credibility... or reputation. Don't bring her back here. Don't worry. I'll bring her to her apartment. I'll let her know how worried you were about her. Damn it! Why can't you ever see things from my point of view? It's too depressing. The lady's like ice. - I don't know what she thinks she's tryin' to prove. Love. Right. Jorgenson's gonna visit her every weekend while she's doin' time. So it's take a number and back in line. We've got enough for a surveillance and a wiretap on Jorgenson. Let's get on it. Gentlemen. Good work. If it's such a good bust, how come I feel so lousy? Crockett. Detain him. I don't care what you have to do. You keep him there. We want to talk to him. I don't believe it. She's been running the game for your father all along. No! No, I'm sorry. There's just no way. She keeps him away from it, Mark. She's his middleman. That is not who she is. My father doesn't need to sell drugs. - Why isn't he here to help Mary? Time to grow up, Mark. Open your eyes. So what do you want now? For me to turn the screws on her? She can help herself. You can both go to hell. This was my first experience in a place like that. They were more considerate than I thought they'd be... almost polite. Dad told me to take you to your apartment. Yeah, I don't think staying at the house would be wise. No, I was really surprised. It was all very antiseptic... Sort of like a series of job interviews, yeah. He plans to disassociate himself, to do nothing whatsoever to help you. Well, at this point, that's the wisest choice. Don't worry, Mark. He knows what he's doing. It's all for the best, really. May I drop you off first, Mr. Jorgenson? It's on the way. No. Yes, please do. Look, Mark, your caring really moves me, but I just want to go home and be alone for a while, if that's all right. Yeah, sure. Look, Mary Mac, if there's anything you want me to do... Anything that, you know, like, anyway I... I know. Hey, you're a good friend. But follow your father's lead, Mark, and keep some space between us, at least for a while. Thanks. Don't worry. I'm not, and don't you. Okay. Bye. They're callin' it suicide. This is Jorgenson's work. Absolutely. He knew it was just a matter of time before she gave him up. It's gonna be hard to prove. Maybe not. The ends justify the means, eh, Lieutenant? Hey, take it easy, Sonny. I can't take it easy! Not when we keep screwin' up people's lives! They screwed up. What? We can't get 'em on one thing, so we drive 'em to somethin' else. Is that it? I didn't write the game plan, Sonny. They did. Jorgenson killed the girl. What else do we do? We let him walk? Of course he walks. I'm sorry, Mark. She took the fall for my father, and this is how he repays her. You brought me here to see this. That's right. Mark, let's take a walk. Okay. What do you want me to do? We want you to talk to your father. Mary's dead. I know. They say she killed herself. Why? When your mother died, I promised myself... that I would raise you in a way that would make her proud. I realize now that I failed to keep good on that promise. But for the life of me, I don't know where I went wrong. You did the best you could. I thought that being a Jorgenson was enough. Something in our blood made us superior to everybody else. Above it all. Above the law. Sometimes you remind me so much of your mother. Yeah. Weak. Not weak. Sensitive. When I was a little boy, I fell and cut my knee. My father hit me because I was crying. A Jorgenson doesn't cry. I tried to train you to that way of thinking... Make you into a Jorgenson, tougher and smarter. I guess that all I was really doing... was doing what got done to me. Dad, I... - You know, I always admired the way you fought it... Well, why didn't you ever tell me that? the way you rebelled. Why didn't you tell me these things a long time ago? I killed her, Mark. I killed Mary. No! You get away! You leave him alone! - It's too late. Be advised you're under arrest and charged with... conspiracy to commit murder in the first degree in the death of Mary McDermott. You have the right to remain silent. The Constitution requires that I so inform you of this right, and that you need not talk to me if you do not wish to do so. You do not have to answer any of my questions. Should you talk to me, anything which you may say in answer to my questions... can and will be introduced into evidence in court against you. If you want an attorney to be present at this time, or any time hereafter, you are entitled to such counsel. God, I hate these hot winter nights. I tell you three times already. No, señor. Hm. Gracias. He's never comin' back here again, man. Come on. Tell me somethin', man. What we did today... Good, routine police work. I'm afraid the kid's gonna end up O.D.'d somewhere. Maybe not. Maybe now he has a chance. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 