Miami Vice: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miami Vice 
 s1e20 - Nobody Lives Forever - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miami Vice (1984–1989): Season 1, Episode 20 - Nobody Lives Forever - full transcript 
 A passionate romance distracts Crockett to the point that it nearly derails the pursuit of three thugs on a rampage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ On the day I was born ♪ ♪ The nurses all gathered round ♪ ♪ And they gazed at in wide wonder ♪ ♪ At the joy they had found ♪ ♪ The head nurse spoke up Said leave this one alone ♪ ♪ She could tell right away That I was bad to the bone ♪ Bad! ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ Ricky! ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad Bad to the bone ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ I broke a thousand hearts before I met you ♪ What do you want, huh? What are you, a punk? Get out of the way. ♪ I'll break a thousand more, baby ♪ ♪ Before I am through ♪ Move it! ♪ I wanna be yours, pretty baby ♪ ♪ Yours and yours alone ♪ - Run him off! Get off the road, you scum. ♪ I'm here to tell you, honey ♪ ♪ That I'm bad to the bone Bad to the bone ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ You guys are crazy. ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ Get off the road. ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ Hey! Give it up, man. Hey. Check this out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The clouds look like skulls. Let me see. ♪ I'll make an old woman blush ♪ Whoa! ♪ And make a young woman squeal I wanna be yours, pretty baby ♪ ♪ Yours and yours alone ♪ - All right. ♪ I'm here to tell ya, honey that I'm bad to the bone ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ Whoa. Check this out, man. What, man? ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ Check this out. Looks like the guy's making book or something. How much you think he's got in the sack? Give me the bag, okay? Give me the bag. Stupid. Very stupid. - You don't look so bad. - Here's another. Wait, don't go! Come on! Whoo! Yeah, I'll hold. Monday night was dinner with Brenda. Wednesday... Cocktails at the Biscayne with Brenda. Thursday, Brenda gets box seats at the symphony. Sonny Crockett at the symphony? What's wrong with that? Saturday, Sonny and Brenda sail to Key West. I mean, this has been the hottest two weeks on record. Yeah, so the lady's warmed up my social life. Yeah, hurry up. Warmed it up? Hey, that chick has set that sucker on fire. You know, I can remember when your idea of fun... Thinking about fun was, like, when you wanted to put some catnip in Elvis's kibble. Yeah, I'll call you after. We're here. What is it with you, Tubbs? You gettin' jealous on me? You bet I'm jealous. There's nothing finer than falling in love. Yeah, well, I ain't falling in love. What do you call it? L.W.P. L.W.P.? Lust With Potential. Is this the bookie shooters? Yeah, car was reported stolen out of North Lauderdale yesterday morning. Some shell casings on the backseat. Whiskey bottles, couple of roaches... and comic books. You ever notice how fetching Betty and Veronica look in miniskirts? Beyond sick. This was no organized hit. More likely a day at the circus for some joyriding punks. Real poets too. So you still haven't told me why you and your wife got divorced. You don't wanna hear about my sordid past. Every gruesome detail. Why did Caroline and I get divorced? I guess my checks and balances weren't working too well. This job can really do a number on you sometimes. Stupid. It's not funny. I can't believe I'm laughing. Okay. It's your turn. The ugliest guy you ever dated. Never dated ugly guys. I didn't. You don't play fair. I never said I did. Good. I like that. Keeps things interesting. Morning. You're nuts. I'll make you breakfast in about 10 minutes. Oh, I can't. I'm running late. Oh. Go to work, dedicated cop. Soon as I get my shirt back. How about dinner? ♪ When I walk the streets kings and queens step aside ♪ ♪ Every woman I meet they all stay satisfied ♪ ♪ I wanna tell ya, pretty baby What I see I make my own ♪ ♪ And I'm here to tell you, honey that I'm bad to the bone ♪ ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ B-B-B-Bad ♪ ♪ Bad to the bone ♪ ♪♪ Here's the rest of them. They must steal more cars in this city than they sell. You really think it was just a random hit? Positive. These shooters are just wheeling. No premeditation. Not trying to cover tracks. It's just us trying to catch up with them. Where's your partner? I think he went to the dentist. Who's got the toothache, Crockett or Brenda? Look here, Toyotas, Datsuns, Hondas. Even crooks are looking for good gas mileage. Who's got the toothache, Crockett or Brenda? I make it a point not to keep tabs on my partner's social register. Tubbs. Yeah, Zito. Robbery just found a stolen Buick at some fleabag motel up in Opa-Locka. Where was it lifted? Two blocks away from where they ditched their getaway wheels yesterday. There was a bunch of comic books in the backseat. Solid. The shooters split, but Robbery also found some phone numbers that they used from the motel room. They need some help tracking down addresses. I'm on it. I'm gonna find Switek. This thing with Brenda. Must be real, huh? Whatever that means. That's my money those punks ripped off and I wanna know who put them up to it. Lombard? Cubans? It's too messy for Lombard and too cute for the Cubanos. Innocent people died. Maybe Colombians. Don't even think that. We put extra security on everything. We put word out on the street that we wanna find these punks. When we locate 'em, I want you to talk to them. Find out what the hell's going on... then kill 'em. How many more we got after this one? - Two. I gotta call Brenda and tell her I'm gonna be late. You got a quarter? ♪ I'm in love I'm all shook up ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm probably gonna be about, oh, another hour. We got a couple more stops to make. Of course, I may have to go over to Tubbs's place, watch the tube. - They're rerunning My Mother the Car. - Oh, how exciting. Yeah, I'm dying to see it. Well, uh, a man can only take so much of an enchanting, exotic, professional woman like yourself, you know what I mean? Still miss me? Of course I miss you. I told you that an hour ago. Yeah. Yes, I really miss you. Oh, perfect. Tell me again. All right, pay attention, Brenda. I really, really miss you. Well, we miss you too, baby. Come on. Knock it off, will you? Give a guy a break. I'm trying to get a date here. I'll call you later. Whoo! Sonny? Hello? Sonny. Sonny? Sonny! That was them? It was them. A little more chin. That's too much. Just kidding. It's perfect. Why weren't you inside? - He was covering the back door. I was making a phone call. Homicide thinks these kids may have been involved in a speed mart robbery early this morning. The night clerk was killed trying to stop 'em. Homicide wants us to keep our eye on Morgan's lunch wagon operation. So I'm taking you off of the Lombard surveillance... so you can give it your full attention. What are you thinking about? I screwed up last night. My mind wasn't on my job. It was on you. Sorry. But I'm also glad. So you're human. So you think about more than your job. Is there something wrong with that? I don't know. I don't know. Tubbs shuttled copies out to all divisions. Good. There's a face only a mother could love. I went to Raimando's last week. Remember Nick, the maître d'? Yeah, how is "Slick Nick"? He misses you. I promised him I'd bring you by this weekend. Uh, this weekend, um... But if you're in the mood for some home cooking, that could be arranged too. Gina, this weekend's gonna be a little rough. You just keep me around for an occasional pit stop... until something better comes around. Feels really great, let me tell you, Sonny. Gina. That's not fair. That's right. It's not fair at all. Just stay out of my life. You and Tubbs been partners long? Not too long. Is it true that it's like being married? Well, not exactly. I mean, they don't give us blood tests. No, I mean that your partner comes before anybody else. On the job. Off the job? I can't remember the last time I was really off the job. Am I ever gonna be your partner, Crockett? Word is that I can be pretty tough to get along with. Gimme a chance. Gentlemen, all I ask you is to say sí to the world of real Italian leather. Give me your finger. Feel the earth move over your skin. These shoes were worn by Richard Gere in American Gigolo. All I got left is size eight, eight and a half. I wear 11. - That's perfect. Because Italian leather will mold like putty, like vacu-form. See, these shoes will feel like they were born... on your feet. Also, I have some wooden clogs... I'll get back to you later, huh? Hey, you guys are a thorn in the side of free enterprise. Ain't nothing free about your enterprise, Izzy. Except for this little favor you're going to do for us. Hey, man, you don't even let a guy turn over a new "sleeve." I know what you want. He's psychic. What's to tell, huh? Three punks goin' around puttin' holes in people, things. What is this? Reader's Digest condensed Izzy Moreno? Hey, man, listen, all I want is... enough air between me and them as "humanely" possible, eh? Find 'em, Iz. Hey, you got it, eh? We're shooting blanks We can't track these kids. You got a better idea? Yeah, let's bag it. Turn it over to Homicide. We got better things to do. Why don't you let me handle this one alone? Take a couple days off. Take the weekend. I don't need a couple of days off. I think we're just sitting and spinning our wheels. I think you're just visiting. Your mind's on your lady. I don't wanna get my butt blown off because of it. No biggie. I just think you should take a couple of days off and get over whatever it is you gotta get over. ♪ New love is calling me ♪ ♪ Old love has set me free ♪ ♪ And it's so right and it's so fine ♪ ♪ It's new love It's mine, all mine ♪ ♪ She said you need me ♪ ♪ And I need you ♪ ♪ And she knows how it feels 'cause she's been there too ♪ ♪ She took my hand and the pain was gone ♪ ♪ She gave me hope and a brand-new song ♪ ♪ New love is calling me ♪ ♪ Old love has set me free ♪ This is paradise. ♪ Old love is just some tears I cried♪♪ I gotta give these damn things up one of these days. That's probably the least dangerous thing you do. What happened the other night doesn't happen a lot. How many times is a lot? I mean, I've never even seen a gun fired... much less had one fired at me. How do you go from this... tranquillity... to that violence? I usually take the Ferrari. No, I'm serious. I don't know how you make the adjustment. I'd be terrified. Who says I'm not terrified? I've just learned not to dwell on it. Hell of an atmosphere to work in. Constantly suppressing your fears. Is that the way everyone else you work with feels? I suppose everybody has different ways of handling it. It must make you very close to the people you work with. Yeah. We are. Why? That one woman detective you told me about? Gina? Yeah. She's a good cop and a good friend. And we're there for each other. Does that include being there for each other sexually? Sometimes. I'm sorry. I just... I just want this to be the beginning of falling in love. Not the last stages of some hot and heavy romance. Forgive me. Never. Hey, listen. What do you say? Why don't we get out of Miami, all right? That's right. Las Vegas. We're not done with this place yet. How would you rightful and delightful dudes like to be two inches taller, huh? Every man's fantasy. On the outside, timeless design. On the inside, one and three-quarter inch... thick plastic, case-hardened inner mold. Eyes in the sky, prices you can afford. I'm all out of nines. - You want some of this? Hey, uh, not everybody's into bargain footwear, huh? Hey, I'm gonna turn around right now and mind my own business, okay? Good idea. Hut, two, three, four. Hut, two, three. Give me the usual. Never mind. Give me a cheese Danish. Uh, you got a phone here? Look at her over there. Look. I got a present for you. What is this, man? What do ya think you are? I want to talk to Senor Morgan. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Well, well, well. How you doin', guys? Nah, nah, nah. Beat it... Dad. The lunch truck you knocked over the other day was Morgan's. It was, uh... It was really pretty righteous. Got any more bookies? You got any more? Bang! Yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys make great hamburgers. Keep the change. My God. Land says that both of 'em belong to Morgan. They don't belong to anybody now. Time's running out on these kids. Moreno. ¿Qué Paso, eh? You "pasa." You put in that call to Morgan, didn't you? Hey, he made me an offer I couldn't "abuse." A thousand dollars. I got dental work. Go away, Moreno. You smell like a French fry. Hey, I did you guys a favor, man. You should be kissing my zapatos. Could be you lying in there. Hey, those guys aren't afraid of you. They're not afraid of Morgan. They're not afraid of anybody. You can't kill 'em, man. They already dead. Back on the chain gang, Crockett. Good life is over, buddy. Man, this is nice. Real nice. What are you doing here? Forgot what a laugh riot you are. Speaking of laugh riots, Moreno wants to see us this morning. He might have some information on the Three Musketeers. I mean, we're not as big as Arquitectonics, but we got a lot of new buildings and restorations and... I like the renovations that they're doing on the art decos in South Miami. Yeah, some of those are ours. Hmm. Now, Crockett here, he doesn't know the difference between Bauhaus and outhouse. Listen, when you outgrow this guy, give me a call and I'll show you the real Miami. You guys are partners, huh? Yeah, I carry him. I think I'll get dressed. So. How was the sea cruise? - Oh, it was great. Elvis had one too many, but... You gonna let Sonny come back to work now? I didn't realize he needed my permission. You know, Brenda, when I look around this house with everything in it... Whew. It's wall-to-wall style. The view. Gorgeous garden. It's like a fantasy. I ask myself, "What is a street cop like Sonny Crockett doing in a fantasy?" This is no fantasy. This is my life. What about Crockett's life? Can you imagine a bunch of tired cops and their wives out on your veranda? How many department softball games... and barbecues are you gonna attend? Let me see if I have this straight. Sonny's a middle-class dolt. I'm a tasteful, but shallow jet-setter and you're God? Thanks for breakfast. So, what's the verdict? Nice lady. Not your type, but a nice lady. Not my type? What the hell is my type? The bearded lady at the circus. Speaking of the circus. Uh, a friend of mine was approached by these three dudes. Said they were looking to score some major smoke, but they needed time to get the cash. So when and where's the deal going down? - It's not. My friend's old lady shot him last night. Great. Hey, look, look. They're going to stick up some of Morgan's lunch wagons. How do you know this? I heard 'em talk about it in the diner the other day. Man, they're really into squeezing Morgan's adrenals in a major way. Hey, I'm not exactly the Peace Corps, huh? Hey. Hey, I just gave you some very valuable information. Hey, no, no. Come on. The streets are on fire out there, man. How many hot dog trucks does this guy Morgan got? They're all out of the gate. How many days it been since these kids hit anyone? Three days. Think it's worth talking to Moreno's bozo friend? I don't even think it's worth talking to Moreno. Company. Morgan's security. - We've been made. Damn. Nothin' to write home about. I'm gonna check you guys tomorrow. Another hard day at the office. Wanna take in some dinner? - Uh... Don't tell me. I'll see you here tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m. Let's play a game. The Sonny and Brenda game. How about Monopoly? Sonny and Brenda get married. The Crocketts. And I get to ask you questions about the Crocketts. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. The Crocketts. The Crocketts. Where do they live? This could be very dangerous. Where do the Crocketts live? Okay. Let's see. The Crocketts live in a big, big house on the water in Miami Lakes. How many kids do the Crocketts have? What year is this? 1990. Two and a dog. Whoa, you move fast. Um, where do the Crocketts vacation? Oh, let's see. Uh, we take the kids fishing, camping, to Disney World. You know, the usual stuff. And you and me alone? Where do we go? Wherever. Paris for summer. Come on, Brenda. Maybe when I retire. I doubt if I could get that much time off. What are you getting at? Who are our friends? Other married couples? Other cops? Who do we see? How the hell do I know? I don't like your game. Wait. Hang on. Sonny, where are you going? To bed. I gotta be up early. Yeah, way to go, Crockett. Way to go. Good morning. What time is it? Good morning. Why didn't you wake me up? You looked like you needed to sleep. Where the hell's my watch? Sonny, it's 7:30. Why didn't you wake me up? Well, you didn't... What? What is it? What is the big deal? Will you talk to me? Homicide wants us to step up the surveillance on Morgan. Homicide is wrong. They're probably halfway to California by now. You're missing the point. Those punks are not running from anybody. Let's hear it. Morgan just beat up a cop. We can write our own ticket. We shut him down for a couple of days and use one of his trucks to bait the trap. Set it up. We'll start this afternoon. Tubbs, you work it out with Switek and Zito. Crockett, I have some paperwork for you this afternoon. ♪ I can hear your heartbeat ♪ ♪ Knockin' on the window ♪ ♪ I can feel the white heat down below ♪ ♪ I can hear you whisper ♪ ♪ Coming from the shadows ♪ ♪ Touch me like a hot hand on my soul ♪ ♪ I can hear you tiptoe ♪ ♪ I can hear the door close ♪ ♪ Anticipation in me grows ♪ ♪ Sometimes I ♪ ♪ Sometimes I ♪ ♪ Sometimes I understand it very clearly ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heartbeat ♪ ♪ Listen to my heart beat ♪ ♪ Oh, heartbeat, heartbeat ♪ ♪ Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heartbeat ♪ ♪ Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Oh, heartbeat, heartbeat ♪ ♪ Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heart Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heart Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heart Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪ Heartbeat, heart Listen to my heartbeat ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Oh, good morning. Hi. Oh, I gotta run. I'm late. Brenda, I need to talk to you. Got a 9:30 with the boss. It's important. He can wait. Probably used to it by now. You're a very special person. And you mean a great deal to me. I think... We have to slow things down. I think you're right. You could've pretended to be a little disappointed. I was never disappointed. Neither was I. It's been a wonderful fantasy. We can't afford fantasies anymore. At least... I can't. So? So, how about... if we try to make this a terrific reality? How do we do that? Maybe if we both... step back and try to figure out... how the rest of our lives fit into this. You never know what could happen. I'm not so sure I like the rational side of you. All in all, you're a pretty wonderful guy. You're not so bad yourself. Oh, yeah. Here. In case you lock yourself out of that terrific house of yours. I can always break the windows. Yeah, but then the alarms will go off, and the cops'll have to come. Mmm, you never know who might show up. At some point it's gonna end. They're gonna catch us, the whole thing's gonna be over with, and then it's gonna be jail, man... Shut up, man. Why don't you shut your face! Do you know what they do to you in jail? What are you doing? What'd you do that for? We're out of money. Man, those bookies, man. Those bookies, man. They always use the same routine. Yeah. Those guys are stupid, man. We could get them again. We could do that. Let's get the bookies! Let's get the bookies! Let's get the bookies! Let's get the bookies! The bookies! The bookies! How much longer are we gonna wait this out? About a half an hour. Gina. Yeah. Get everybody out of here. Tubbs, you were right. Unit 4, they're coming in your direction. ♪♪ Let's take 'em quick, man. You stay here and you cover me, man. All right? Give me the bag. Come on. Move it. Gimme the bag, man. Easy. Party's over, kid. - Nobody lives forever. Wanna go fishing? I'd rather go trollin'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 