Miami Vice: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Miami Vice 
 s1e2 - Heart of Darkness - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Miami Vice (1984–1989): Season 1, Episode 2 - Heart of Darkness - full transcript 
 Investigating a porn baron, Crockett and Tubbs become involved with an undercover FBI agent who may have gone native and become a criminal, and may have murdered an underage porn starlet. Meanwhile, Zito and Switek pose as fences, and Elvis the crocodile feels unloved! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ ♪ Step right up and don't be shy ♪ ♪ Because you will not believe your eyes ♪ ♪ She's right here behind the glass ♪ ♪ And you’re gonna like her 'cause she's got class ♪ ♪ You can look inside another world ♪ ♪ You get to talk to a pretty girl ♪ ♪ She's everything you dream about♪♪ You the lady that called about the servicing? For your air-conditioning, that is. Yeah. Yeah, I sure am. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's like a sauna in here. You know there's a $40 minimum on house calls. Forty dollars! Gee, I don't have that kind of money. I mean, I just got off the bus from Nebraska. I don't know. Maybe you could take a personal check? Well, that depends... how personal you want to make it. What are you doing? Hey, relax. I'm just tryin' to help you out. I know how tough it is for a single girl to make it on her own. Just relax. Hey, are you crazy? Stop it! Leave me alone! Quit it! Quit it! I mean, who are you? Relax, baby. It's called payment in advance. Get your hands off me. Come on. If all else fails, we can pop 'em for felony bad dialogue. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Cut! She look underage to you? No, Sonny. She looks like she's been to preschool and everything. What do you guys think? Well, I think we didn't come all the way from Jersey... just to watch the making of Heather Does Hollywood. I got samples of the finished product in the back. Why don't you come on, take a look. Hey, Jimmy. I don't feel so great about the next scene. I mean, I don't know if I can really go through with it. You're gonna be sensational. Why can't you trust me, huh? Look, honey, you're just a little tired. Why don't you have a lie-down? They're gonna relight the close-up, okay? Here, use my office, all right? The show's gotta go on. Hey, Jimmy tells me you just got off the bus from Nebraska. Kansas. That's the boss's new squeeze, man. Kid's a natural. If she plays her cards right, she could be the next Linda Lovelace. Come on. Let's go. Ever hear of Around the World in 80 Ways? Jimmy, come on. We can find that in the five and dime. Around the World in 80 Ways. That won the 1983... Tallahassee Art Film Festival's Gold Stallion Award. Around the World won the Golden Stallion in Tallahassee in 1983. How'd you know that? It was in all the papers. We better get rollin'. All what papers? Yo, Berry. Gee, that's all great, Jimmy, but we came down here to buy volume. Now we've been here a week already, and we ain't heard word one from this boss of yours. Look, it's one step at a time, guys. I'm tellin' you, if this deal goes down all right, you guys check out okay, Kovics is gonna have Artie give you guys a call about some major volume. Hey, forget about it! Look, either we see Kovics himself, or the deal is off. Richard, my man, listen to me. If you talk to Artie, you are talking to Kovics. Because it's all channels of power. It's just all channels of power. So now here's your film. Let's see some bread, huh? Don't move! Miami Vice! Everybody freeze! Up against the wall! Come on, move! Right now. Hey! Hey! Hey! What are you, on the track team? Hands on heads, sleazeballs. All right, turn around. ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ Missin' you ♪ ♪ I'm missin' you ♪ ♪ Every time I think of you ♪ ♪ I always catch my breath ♪ ♪ And I'm still standing here ♪ ♪ And you’re miles away ♪ ♪ And I wonder why you left ♪ ♪ And there's a storm that's raging ♪ ♪ Through my frozen heart tonight ♪ ♪ I hear your name ♪ ♪ In certain circles ♪ ♪ And it always makes me smile♪♪ I don't know, Jimmy. We been down here, what? Ten days, no problem. And then we connect with you and... get thrown in the can. Come on. Look, did Artie get us out fast or what? I mean, look, it's about two hours it took for the bail, and he even sends a car around so he can meet with you guys. Why is it up in Jersey, our people are tellin' us... the man to see is Sam Kovics for porno down here, but after a week of tryin' to set it up, all we hear is Artie? Artie wants this. Artie says that. Well, it's very simple. If you wanna do business with Sam, you gotta go through Artie first. Well, what is Artie? Is he Sam's new partner or somethin'? Yeah, well... - Yeah. Somethin' like that. You know, Penny looked in pretty rough shape on the way to jail. I think maybe you oughta tell Sam to spring her real fast... before she starts buyin' some radio time. He's way ahead of you, Duncan. I'm afraid we're gonna have to give you a rain check on that meeting, guys. What are you doin'? What, are we bein' tailed or somethin'? No, Duncan. I thought this side of the road was more scenic. I'm sorry about that, guys. He'll call you in the morning, and we'll set something up for the next couple of days. Tomorrow at the latest. We don't meet Artie by then, we're outta here. You already met him, man. What do you mean? I mean you already met Artie. That guy behind the wheel of the car? That was Artie. No kiddin'? So who tied the can to our tail back there, huh? You tell me. Who else would tail someone at half a block in a late model I.T.D. The Untouchables. You've got it, bud. Disgusting, isn't it? What's so disgusting? Now, see, we need guys like this on the department. Wait a minute, isn't this upside down? Hey, Crockett, you got competition, pal. Yeah. Hey, Crockett, nice work today. Thanks. Yeah, D.A. says Jimmy’s no talker, but I think the jail time really established you guys as legit buyers. What about Penny McGraw? I think she'll talk to us. Nah, Kovics had her sprung out of jail before we could get down there. I'm trying to get a home address on her now. She a minor? Probably a runaway. What's with you? Ah, nothin', Lou. Just a little bureaucratic snafu. No biggie. That a federal agency you're dialing by any chance? Yeah. How does that jingle go? Reach out and hit someone? Dum, da-dum-dum. I'm Dennis Doyle... No, wait. Let me guess. Uh, blue on blue, '82 I.T.D. Federal plates, no frills. Last seen blowing a tail on Collins and 41st. The bureau, right? I'm Dennis Doyle. This is Mark Russo. We understand you have a line on this man. Looks a lot like Sam Kovics. Is he in some kind of trouble? Did you set up a meeting with him? We may have been on our way when you boys decided to hook a tow bar to us. Duncan or anybody you were with mention a man named Artie Rollins? Not that I recall. Why? The bureau's been building a case against Kovics for six months. Federal crimes ranging from the corruption of minors to bribery. Maybe murder. So who are you fellas after? This Sam Kovics... or, uh, this Artie Rollins? You know, I think the best thing we should do here is exchange files. Great. We’ll just sit right here and wait till you bring yours. I think what Dennis is trying to tell you is, we can either help you on this or we can hurt you. Well, no offense, Dennis and Mark, but, uh, you see, we've been working real hard on this case... and, well, based on your performance, I think you could help us a lot more... if you went ahead and tried to hurt us. So anyway, Burglary is setting up this sting operation... Part of a burglary roundup in South Dade. They're lookin' for a couple of seedy-looking guys to work undercover. I volunteered you. Okay. Sure, Lieutenant. So who are the seedy-looking guys? Excuse me, Lieutenant, may I have a word with you? Yeah, sure. What? I need to talk to you about, uh... About my living conditions. You see, one of the main reasons why I moved down here... was to improve the quality of my life... Come on. You moved down here because N.Y.P.D... was ready to fry you for misconduct. Uh, Switek. Yeah? Can you do a quick track-down for me, Trudy? Okay, has it got four legs, scales, any obvious birthmarks? It's a white male, mid-30s, name of Arthur, maybe Artie, Rollins. R-O-L-L-I-N-S. That's it? That's all you got's a name? Well, now, if I had his address I could just drive over and ask him who he is, now couldn't I? "America's Vacationland." Mellow out, pal. That uptight New York dog-eat-dog mind-set just doesn't make it down here. This is Miami. Things are more relaxed. I'm complainin' to the chamber of commerce. They found Penny McGraw. Homicide just called. Yeah, that's what I figured. Uh-huh. Right. Thanks, Ted. Rent's paid through a holding company... Kovics. Well, it could've been an O.D. They found a regular pharmacy in her bathroom... Coke, 'ludes, Nembutal. Hey, you really don't believe this was an accident? Well, maybe Kovics figured her to roll over and sent one of his guys. You mean, like Artie? She did have a visitor this morning. Next-door neighbor saw a partial license number. If we're lucky, there's prints. Lieutenant, the rest of the report. Oh, thanks. Sixteen-year-old runaway from Salina, Kansas. I gotta go call her folks. Hey, let's shut down... Kovics now. Crockett, what'd you do, put your beeper on vacation or what? I spent more than two hours at the downtown terminal... trying to dig up something on this Artie Rollins... I came up with a total blank. Finally, when I did get through, I run across an I.B.M. code... Federal access only, confidential. Come on. Come on. Did you get anything or not? Well, I broke a few rules and punched in some government access codes. Turns out your Artie Rollins is a fed. What? His name is Arthur Lawson. And he works undercover for the bureau. Little tardy this morning, aren't we, Tubbs. I don't want to talk about it. Okay. Let's not talk about it. The first thing, I get a 6:00 wake-up call... from these Cuban bikers in the next room. And next, I take... a detour, man, and I make a wrong turn on the Don Shula Expressway. Before I know it, man, I'm halfway to the Keys. Tell me somethin'... What kind of town... names an expressway after a football coach? Yeah, you're right, Tubbs. It's not like New York, where you can just hop on a subway... where some wino blows his lunch on your shoes... and then some mugger comes along and steals 'em. Penny McGraw's parents are here. They arrived this morning to take her body home to Kansas. Say she came down here to be a model. Saw an ad in the paper. Did you talk to the feds about Arthur Lawson? Yeah, yeah. For about an hour this morning. I even spoke to Bureau Chief Clemmons. Gave me a capsule history of Kovics and the South Florida porn scene, but as far as Artie Lawson goes, they said there are certain aspects of the investigation they're not at liberty to discuss. So basically what they did is they ran you around a federal hedge for an hour. Basically what they did is tell me to butt out. Thank you, Trudy. Got an autopsy report on Penny McGraw. - O.D.? Contusions on her neck and skull. Evidently, Penny's visitor filled her so full of tranquilizers, she didn't know which way was up. Then led her out to the pool and drowned her. We can't shut down this investigation. Switek has some sort of inside contact at the feds. He and Zito are working that burglary sting operation in South Dade. Go see what he can dig up, huh? I wanna know what the hell's goin' on here. You got it. Let's hit it. Sorry, buckaroo. I'm savin' this connection of mine for me. Numero uno. Number one. Could be a big career break for me. I'll give you a big career break, Switek. You remember that little metro sedan... you drove into the Bal Harbour Canal and reported stolen? Well, the paperwork's still pending on that. I figured I'd just sort of fill in the details... and give you that big career break in Traffic Control. Yeah? Well, just don't waste it. I popped his nephew at a UB40 concert, uh, dealin' hash. College boy. The uncle calls me. I cut him a little slack. Thinks I'm God. Plastics. Did it all with plastics. I mean, most guys don't know squat about microelectronics. That cop movie where the guy gets burned by a body bug? Yeah? That's lousy work. So, I see you guys met. This is Lester, the resident wizard. Black and white, right, Lest? So, Tubbie, what do ya think? We gonna teach New York a thing or two or what? Yeah, Zito. Yeah. Like how to get blown away inside a week, for starters. What are you talkin' about? This counter, you gotta raise it up... maybe about 10 inches higher, 20 inches wider, so nobody won't reach across and wring your neck. Get outta here. - Maybe put a platform back here... so it'll raise you up and make you feel and look more intimidating, you know. And if you tack a couple of hot centerfolds up here... between the TV and the camera, you'll get your suspects to leer up... so you won't be identifying people by hairstyle. Nice. Okay, Crockett. He wasn't real hot on the idea, but I used my considerable charm to, uh, convince him otherwise. Name's, uh, Calman Clayburn. He'll meet you at the north end of the pier next to Intercoastal Shipping. Said about 20 minutes. He's in an '82 Plymouth, and he's wearing a gray suit. You're a peach. Stan, I got a great idea. I mean, uh, this is gonna make it more logistical about this setup. The counter has gotta be higher and wider... Arthur Lawson's probably one of the best undercover agents we've got. Officially, of course, he's just another company man. How long's he been under? This time, about eight months. But he's taken a lot of assignments over the past couple years. Maybe one too many. What do you mean? Well, I wouldn't even be meeting you here today, but Artie Lawson's a good man. Some people down at the bureau just... Well, six weeks ago, Art Lawson sort of disappeared. What do you mean? Why didn't anyone bring him in? How could we? We didn't know where he was. Everything was goin' fine till six weeks ago. He cut himself off. He moved out of his wired apartment, abandoned his car, stopped filing reports. It was just blind luck that our agents found out you had connected with him. What are you trying to tell us? The bureau doesn't like blemishes. Not to mention that a federal agent can be terribly valuable... with what he knows of any criminal endeavor. What I'm saying is some people down at the bureau... think that Lawson's gone over to the other side. Tell Switek we're even. Yeah. Yo, Jimmy, my man. What's shakin'? 8:00? Terrific. Yeah, thanks a million, Jimmy. The meet's on for tonight. With Artie. ♪♪ ♪ Left home with a friend of mine Gone two years and I don't know why ♪ ♪ Now I'm happy all the time ♪ ♪ I can't think, and I'm feelin' fine ♪ ♪ Girl put me in a situation ♪ ♪ I'm going through soft-core mutation ♪ ♪ Think you heard this all before ♪ ♪ Now you’re gonna hear some more ♪ ♪ I know a place where dreams get crushed ♪ ♪ Hopes are smashed, but that ain't much ♪ ♪ Voluntary experimentation ♪ ♪ Going through soft-core mutation ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ The boys from Jersey. Richard. Artie Rollins. - Sonny. Listen, I'm sorry about that little charade the other day. You can't be too careful. No problem. - Come on. I got a booth in the back. All right. I understand you've got a chain of theaters up north. Twenty-six theaters, 14 retail stores... in Jersey, New York and Massachusetts. But we're runnin' a little short on solid programmin'. We're lookin' to buy volume. We're carryin' cash. Jimmy told me. We'll grab a bite to eat. We'll talk business later. Sam. Sam, Sonny, Richard. I'd like you to meet Karen Carson... and Rebecca Dalton, my one and only. Pleasure. And this is my boss, Sam Kovics. Sam. - Boys. How are ya? Come on, sit. Let's eat. It's the truth. We have got half a million dollars invested in this picture, right? And our leading lady comes up to us and tells us... that she is 15 years old and her mother knows exactly where she is. Sam went nuts. You're damn right I did. So Artie here comes up with a stroke of genius. I offered her mother a part in the picture. We ended up calling it Family Affairs. We grossed six million dollars domestic, 2.5 overseas... - Nick says he needs a decision. Is he firm at eight million? Tell him I'll have a letter of credit drawn up in the morning. There it was. We landed it down, and he asked me if I would sail it for him. I said, the first thing, I ain't no sailor. Listen, fellas, hold it. Why don't we go outside, get some fresh air? We'll talk business, all right? Excuse us, ladies. You know something, honey... Hey, Renny. Hey, Artie. No, they're okay. They're all right. I've got it. You mean, you finally got it. Look, man, I'm sorry for the delay and all but...I've been real busy. Hey, don't worry about it. It's not your fault. Nothing's your fault, Renny. Nothing's anybody's fault. I'm kickin' the hell out of ya! It's not my fault I'm kickin' the hell out of you either, Renny. Man, cool out. You're gonna kill him! Don't you ever interfere with me again! So much for the corporate sales pitch, huh? Listen... Before we go back in, get your money ready for tomorrow. I wanna look at it. Well, come on. Huh? Don't you wanna finish your dessert? I gave you the requisition form yesterday. No! Two hundred thousand. Miss Rebecca Dalton, that's her all right. Yeah. We met her at this strip club we worked last year. Then dig it up! We'll track Miss Thing down, and see what she's gotta say. Look, we need it today! Just do it! We got a meet with Artie in six hours, and these bozos better not come up lame on the money. I don't know if I feel too good about this guy, Crockett. When you're under, Lou, it's whatever it takes. Look, the man is on the edge and that makes it dangerous as hell. Maybe he had to go that far to make it happen. Or maybe he decided he likes it out there. What the hell you defending this guy for, Sonny? What is this? You too? Hey, hey, hey, man. I'm just askin'. Because I know how it is when you're livin' the role month in and month out. Because I've been where he is, in deep. All right, look, if we bring him in now, the entire Kovics investigations goes down the tubes. Now, look, can you honestly tell me... that Artie Lawson hasn't gone over to the other side? No. Well, then damn it, find out. Then you'll get your money. Hey, Sonny. He's too dedicated. That's always been Artie's problem. Working undercover, nonstop, ever since we've been married. Never taking a break. One vacation in four years. What kind of life is that? When was the last time you heard from Artie? It'll be three weeks this Thursday. He called me from some club. What did he sound like? Different. Like, uh, he said he was... confused, involved. He was really frustrated that the bureau wasn't bringing him in. Wait a minute. He asked to be brought in? More than once. They'd always give him their famous... "We've come too far, can't blow the case now" speech. Like the world would go to ruin if he backed out. Please. Bring my husband back. I been tryin' to get a hold of you on your beeper line all morning, ever since he cut loose. The first thing he did was... The first thing, he cornered this charter fare. You know, a mommy, hubby, turista types. Just blew their minds. Then he proceeds to scarf up their whole catch of the day. I don't believe this. Then he cruises down about two slips to the Elmo Two, boards her and drops a major load... on the harbormaster's forward deck. You ever considered trading him in on a nice French poodle? And then for an encore, he decides to pay a courtesy call to Rolandez. You know, the Panamanian vice consul. Most of the stuff you see on this pier, that's his. You miserable, incontinent, worthless piece of sediment. You're dead! I've been away too much lately. He just does this to get attention. Oh, yeah, totally. I mean, animals have feelings too. Dum, da-dum-dum. We've been lookin' for you guys. Yeah? Now that you found us, why don't you do a quick 180... and head back to your typewriters? The last thing I need is a couple of sore thumbs in Petrocelli suits... hovering around my boat while I'm trying to maintain an undercover role. What as? A game warden? - Ha, ha, ha. We hear you had a meet with Artie. Where is he? Well, you're so good at finding people, right? Why don't you find him yourself? We intend to. We came here to shut you down. Hey! My man, Elvis. You wanna shut us down, pal, you better have a court order... because we've been busting our hump on this case for over two months now. We're not about to pull the plug just so y'all can keep your image clean. There's more at stake than our image. We just got the word that Sam Kovics is packin'. He's movin' his entire operation to Mexico. Yeah, right. So you know who he's sellin' his inventory to, huh? Us. Do me a favor. Chain him down for me. Later, boys. Hey! Come on in, fellas. Make yourselves a drink. I'm on the phone. Yeah. Oh, yeah! I like this! Mm! Whoo! Look at that view! Listen, I gotta call you later. Phew! Hey, Artie, you got a nice place here. Kinda reminds me of my condo. We were beginning to wonder if maybe you changed your mind. Why would I wanna change my mind? Am I dealing with something here that I can't handle? I mean, you two are just a couple of high-rollin' cowboys from Jersey... with a briefcase full of cash. Isn't that right, Detectives? I used my agency priority code... to do a back trace on that phone number you gave me. Are you trying to get me killed? I'm on an investigation here! Hey! Hey! Hey! Are you sure about that? What is that supposed to mean? - That means you haven't checked with the bureau in over three weeks. Or your wife! You move out of the apartment they set you up in. Andy our own people can't even find you. Artie, they think you've gone over. I don't want you or anybody else to question my methods. If I make a strategic decision to cut corners, to throw the book away, that's my decision. 'Cause it's me out here and nobody else. Now, I've got tapes, records, full documentation of prostitution, kiddy porn, extortion, at least seven murders. I can bust Kovics whenever I want to. So what are you waitin' for? Because when I haul him in, I want him to stay there. When he goes down, he's gonna go down so hard he doesn't come up! I seen things... Who killed Penny? What are you talking about? Did Kovics arrange for that too? They found her yesterday. O.D.'d in her swimming pool. Coroner has it as homicide. I didn't know. She was just a kid. Things are getting crazy. Everything's gettin' turned around. Listen, man, I know what you're in to. I've spent the last 10 years doin' it. Living, eating, breathing. Getting in so deep that you don't even know which end is up. It takes its toll. Let's pop Kovics as soon as possible. All right. I'll call you two between 5:00 and 6:00 this afternoon. And we'll bust this guy. This one'll be a classic. This is real human hair, man. Check it out. Look at it. This stuff retails for 90 bucks a whack, a piece. Can you dig it? Right. Okay now, look. Look, I'll tell you what. I'm gonna tell you somethin' about this stuff. You can swim in it. That's right, and it won't come off. You can swim in it. I'll give you the whole bundle for $300. Okay? What do ya say? How about if I give you 50 bucks and you call me Santa Claus? I love that part. Carson show for you guys. No question about it. What? I don't know, man. This is gettin' crazier by the minute. I know we can work with this guy, Tubbs. You're gettin' as squirrelly about this dude... as this dude is squirrelly about what he's doin'. What are you talkin' about? I'm talkin' about Artie. Artie doesn't know what he's doin' from one second to the next. You can't see that right now. You know why? 'Cause you don't see Artie, you see yourself. Trudy and Gina just hooked up with Artie's porno queen girlfriend. She says he's taking her to Mexico when he makes the move with Kovics. Yeah, she says. Yeah, she says. She also showed Gina and Trudy the tickets, under the names of Mr. and Mrs. Artie Rollins. Come on. This guy's over the edge. Let's bring him in now. No! What do you mean, no? H-Hey, man, you can't do that. We gotta go with our judgment. We know the guy's on the edge, and we know he's shaky. But we're on top of him, man. You gotta go with our call. What's your call? - Leave Artie on the streets... and he'll deliver Kovics. Okay, Tubbs. Pick up your 200 grand. We'll go with it. Thanks, partner. Yeah. Artie! Artie! Hey, Artie baby! Artie! Artie! Crockett, he's cleaned the place out. Gone. Yeah? Yeah. They haven't seen him. No, no, man. We've already been there. You mean they haven't heard from him either? No. No, thanks. We're spittin' in the wind. If he was gonna call at all, he would have an hour ago. Artie's gone. Kovics is gone. Vandalous, disrespectful, pathetic excuse for a living creature! That does it! That does it! This time you have done it! You have done it! I have had it! Hey, Crockett, ease up, man. Ease up? He just devoured my entire Buddy Holly collection! What is it with you? How would you like it if somebody chewed up your personal belongings? See this blanket? You see this? Elvis loves this blanket. It's his most favorite thing in the whole wide world. How about if I just drop it overboard? How would you like that? Huh? Hey, Crockett! Get a grip on yourself, man. Take a look at yourself. Get outta here. Come on. Let's get back to the office. Yeah? - You didn't give up on me, did ya? Where the hell have you been? I've been taking care of some last-minute business. Sam's leaving town tomorrow. When are you leaving town? What are you talkin' about? You win the honeymoon to Mexico on some game show, pal? I got my neck stuck out for you. Or maybe that was your car parked at Penny's the night she got whacked. Who do you think I am? - I'm wonderin'. I drove a guy over there. It was Kovics's bodyguard. He said he had to drop off a plane ticket and some cash. He was only in there a couple of minutes. Hey, listen, I'll explain the Mexico trip later. We gotta bust Kovics now. You in or out? Where's it goin' down? I haven't been able to find out yet. Sam and I will pick you up at 11:30 in the used car lot on 23rd and Biscayne. Bring the money. We're on for tonight. Hey, Crockett. Crockett, I sure hope you're right about this guy. 'Cause if you're not, it's gonna be a real crazy night. Yeah, tell me about it. Now, Gina and Switek in backup unit three, you'll be camped here. Trudy, Zito, backup unit four, one block behind me. Hey! Hey, easy on the threads, man. How much does Lester know about this? Lester's out on loan to Broward. They're buggin' a steam bath for some kind of major sleazoid bath convention. Maybe you'd like to do this yourself. ...and audio surveillance via the handhelds. And keep those tails a minimum of a block and a half back. Listen up, gang. Nobody better blow this one because of a sloppy tail. If you can hear me, blink your headlights. Go ahead. I'm good. Hey, this bug is great. Snug. Fits well. Game time. Need a lift? Come on. Get in. Nice to see you guys again. Let's see what you brought us. That's half. You'll get the other half when we see the goods. So, uh... What's the problem with the reception? Don't worry about it. They're fine. Golden. Go. You know, I like you guys' style. I like the way you do business. We aim to please. - Top drawer. Strictly uptown. I love it. Well, you know we need your volume up north. Artie here's been... ♪♪ What the hell is that? ♪♪ ♪♪ I don't know who you guys are, but you're dead. They've been made. Move in now! The causeway. Make it quick. Sam, I didn't know anything about this. That's all right, kid. We all make mistakes. You got about eight units coming down on you right now. Gee, I don't see any. Lieutenant, shouldn't I... Listen to me. Put out a countywide broadcast. Highway Patrol and the chopper units. Tell 'em we got a couple of cops about to get killed. Right. Get 'em out. Come on! Hey, I know how to walk, tough guy. Hold it a second, Larry. This one's Artie's. This one'll bring you right in the family, kid. You sure you're up to the job, Artie? Tubbs! Yo! Lay down some fire! We're gonna take you down to the bureau for a debriefing, and then I think Metro's gonna want to talk to you about Penny McGraw. Guys, can we have a second? Yeah, go ahead. Listen, I at least want you two guys to know... that I had nothin' to do with killin' that girl. I did some marginal stuff, but... I didn't commit murder. I guess I was out there, huh? Well, that's where guys like us are paid to work. I can handle the bureau. I can take the heat. What's gonna happen with your wife? I don't know. I don't know if I can go back to my wife, that life. You know, it's like I've been ridin' an adrenaline high. All that money and all those women. But after a while, all the things that went before... It got like, uh... Just like, uh... I don't know. Lawson. Let's go. Come on. I'll see you guys later. Yeah. Take care. You reinvented the radio last night, didn't you? Hey, Tubbs, chill out! Chill out, man! I just wanna hit him just once, man! That little bozo ain't gonna wire any of our people ever again. See, you have to get yourself into a discovery... kind of mode of thinking, and then it's quite simple. Like for example, we found out, we can get about 50% more visual recording when you extend the counter space. We also found out that by building up the platform, it helps with the intimidation factor. I think we're gonna write a how-to pamphlet on burglary sting operations. Larry, that's great. So, which one of you two guys can write? Get a job. Hey, Lieutenant, nice job tonight. Rick, can I have a beer, please? You know, those, uh, mirrors at the amusement parks... The ones that warp everything out of whack? I feel like I've been staring at myself in one for the past three days. It's not a reflection of you, Sonny. It's...It's the job, man. I don't see how you've been doin' it as long as you've been doin' it. Neither do I. You gotta be a little nut. Fellas, just got a phone call from Federal Agent Russo. They've been debriefing Arthur Lawson for the past three hours. He stepped out for a breather, made a call to his wife, went into the men's room and hung himself. ♪ Searching but not finding ♪ ♪ Understanding anywhere ♪ ♪ We're lost ♪ ♪ In a mas... masquerade ♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 