The Governor: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Governor 
 s1e13 - End Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Governor (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - End Game - full transcript 
 As the ochello family come to terms with the end of her tenure. A broken paul leaves town, perhaps for the last time. Friday positions himself to take office, while a despondent angela takes stock. But there's still one move left to play. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}[indistinct chatter] {\an8}[Friday grunting] {\an8}[chuckles] {\an8}Yeah. {\an8}Uh... what are you doing? Everything will be all right, darling. It's only temporary. See, today, deputy governor. Tomorrow, who knows? Eh? [Elizabeth on TV] After a long week of political intrigue, the Savannah State House of Assembly 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 {\an8}vote on the governor's impeachment. {\an8}This may be a mere formality as leaked reports suggest {\an8}that two-thirds of the members of the House support the removal of the governor. [theme music playing] Hi, guys. -Oh! -Hi, Dad. -Hey. -Welcome. -Hi, Dad. -Hey, darling. -Hi. -[Toju] Ugh, can you guys give us -like a kiss alert or something? -[David and Angela laugh] For once, I agree with you, bro. Coffee? Oh, please. Yes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Patrick's made his hallmark eggs. -Ooh! I love Patrick's hallmark eggs. -[both laugh] I think he's trying to prepare us for the move back to Thorburn. -Don't be daft. -Guys, please. Sorry, Mom. So, how did it go? I was a bit surprised because it was so sudden. Oh, yes, ah... ah... Connie's, uh, clients wanted some advice. It was something we couldn't do over the phone. Yes, you said. And guess who I bumped into in their offices. Who? The national party chairman. -Alhaji Kassim? -Yep. -What did he say? Did you talk about-- -Oh, no, nothing of the sort. Just exchanged pleasantries and that was that. I'll bet you anything that he's toasting my eviction from office. Well, I'm not a betting man, but-- [chuckles] Anyway, I've got to get a move on. I've made arrangements for our things to be packed. What's the rush? No rush. I just want to get on with the beginning of the rest of our lives. Okay, I'll come in with you. -No, you just got back. -Yeah. I'm coming with you. Just give me a minute to freshen up, eh? All right? [Ahmed] Thanks, Dad. My son, the governor. -Dad, I don't think-- -I'm proud of you. I am. [Angela] We better get going. -Mom? -Yes? What's next? I don't know. All I want to do right now is to spend some time with you guys. And then we'll see. Morning, Carl. How are you? Morning, Dad. Why the long face, hmm? I'm going to be made deputy governor today. So... you should be very proud, hmm? Congratulations, Dad. Carl. I want you at the swearing-in ceremony of Ahmed Jalo, where he will announce me as his deputy. What do you want me there for? Because you are my son. You will witness the crowning moment of my career. What is wrong with you, Carl? Huh? What's going on in that head of yours? I find it hard living with myself right now, Father. [sighs] What you did was pass on some information, information that I could have deduced anyway. So why the guilt trip? I was assaulted for what I did to Iffy. -Because of you. -Which of them did it? I will make sure I make them suffer when I become deputy. I will deal with them. Don't worry. You don't even understand. I don't want you to do anything. Well, you will get over it by 1:00 p.m. Because that is when the ceremony is taking place. [sighs] It's crazy, isn't it? I'm really gonna miss this place. I made lots of good memories here. Yeah, I know what you mean. Although, most of my memories are bad. I'm gonna miss being the first son. [chuckles] Me, too. -But imagine what Mom's going through. -I know, right? From governor to ordinary citizen... just like that. I really love this place. It's one of Akale's lasting legacies for this state. Yes, but it's not the best place for a disgraced politician to be meeting with her father. Don't be cynical, Angela. Let's not give them that. Your mother sends her regards. You should return her calls. Yes, I know. But I've been busy, Dad. Besides, I hear that she's really enjoying Accra. She's very upset. Yes, of course she is, because I'm just one big disappointment. -Angela, stop. -Aren't I? I didn't wear the right clothes, the right shoes. "Oh, oh, your posture is wrong. You laugh too loud. You're just like your father. You speak your mind." Oh, and the guy who she pulled out of my heart all those years ago turned out to be nothing but a con man, so maybe she was right. And maybe you should stop feeling sorry for yourself. This game is not for the fainthearted. You proved that. -[Toju] I didn't think you'd come. -Then you really don't know me, man. -What's up? -Hey, man. -Hi, Kunle. -Hi, Iffy. So, you're now an ordinary citizen again. I can beat you properly now without being tag-teamed by your security. -You wish! -Ah, come on, man. -[Iffy] Let's eat. -Yeah! There's something about that, though. Like the Last Supper or something. More like... the Last Breakfast. Oh! I have this meeting with my father and his friends. -When I flash your number, call me. -Okay, sir. There's something about nature and beauty that elevates the soul. Yes, and there's something about politics that pollutes it. Are you not hearing me? That's how I feel right now, Dad. Welcome to the world. A diamond is nothing but charcoal buried in deep places under extreme pressure. Well, I feel like charcoal. [sighs] How can they do this and get away with it, Dad? How can they loot and plunder and kill and destroy without any consequences? There are consequences. But here, Dad, not in some heavenly court where people can't learn from their mistakes. That's it, Dad. I'm done with politics. I'm out. -Angela, listen-- -No, Dad. I'm done. I'm not as strong as you. I can't endure what you went through without becoming full of hate and bitterness. And if that happens, everything gets infected. David, Iffy, Toju, my home, my marriage, it all gets contaminated with hate, and even God can't help me. I'm out, Dad. Thompson, Jalo, Briggs, Bello. I should thank them, because they're doing me a favor. [sighs] Chief. Ah, Governor. -[Thompson chuckles] -Not quite. Chief, well, thank you. Senator. -Ahmed, Ahmed, how are you? -I'm very well, Senator. Very well. Ah, you can avail yourself of tea or coffee. I'm fine, thank you. Ah, you, wait outside. Sir? -What? -Wait outside. Okay, sir. Ahmed. Don't ever bring your ADC to our meetings again. Forgive the man. He's, uh, zealous. He's your ADC. You should instruct him about those things. I understand. These are protocols within protocols. The protocols that prevents us from having enemies. Well, in business, it's quite different. It's less complex. We are businessmen too, Ahmed. I'm sure your father will remember to teach you the important protocols that matter. I'm sure he will. Ahmed, today you will be sworn in as the new governor of Savannah State. We have known you since before you were old enough to wipe your ass. Even before you were born. Yes, indeed. Without being immodest, we are the proverbial powers behind the throne. [Thompson] We are your power base, Ahmed. Think of us as the heart that pumps the blood necessary for survival. I understand. Excuse me. I think will avail myself of your hospitality, Chief. I'm sure this is good. I'm grateful for the coffee, Chief. You are welcome. Your first official duty as the governor is to appoint Friday Bello as your deputy. Friday will handle finance, lands, works and industry. You can handle the rest. However, all decisions are subject to approval by your deputy and us. Do I make myself clear? Perfectly. I suppose I don't pick who gets what contracts? Any contract with a profit margin above 40 million will be directed to us via your deputy. And you will also be given instructions sometimes concerning fund dispersal and financial settlements. Well, I suppose these will be off the books as well? Will some creative accounting be required? Ah, Ahmed, you are an educated man, and I taught you better. Why are you stating the obvious? I apologize, gentlemen. Just for the avoidance of doubts. You know, the devil is in the detail. Good! You are right. It is important to give the devil no room for mischief. -[sighs] -Good morning, ma'am. -Morning, Henry. -Professor. Henry, good morning. -These are for the final look-over. -More paperwork? I'm busier now departing office than when I was in office. Yes, ma. Sorry, ma. Stop with all the "ma, ma" business, Henry. I consider you a friend. Thank you, ma-- I mean, thank you. [laughs] Look, you should come over for dinner at the old house when we move back. -You're always welcome. -Thank you, Professor. I might even give you that game of squash you've been threatening me with. [laughs] No idle threat, Henry. No idle threat. [laughs] Now, there are some times when you and your deputy will not see eye to eye. In which case, you will bring the matter to us. We will carefully consider both sides of the story-- And we will agree with Friday. I understand. We are the reason you are in power, and if you have any problem with that, let us know now. [sighs] Very well. Good man. Your Excellency, no one would even guess you were leaving office today. Why give them the satisfaction? Let's keep them guessing until the very end. -Henry. -Yes, ma? The Chinese deal. Did they ever get back to us to fix another appointment? No, they didn't. So they canceled and they didn't reschedule? I guess they're waiting for your successor in hopes that he will not enforce the clauses we inserted in the agreements. I see. Well, it's no longer my problem. -I have a meeting with the governor. -She can wait. No, she can't wait. It'll show our hand. Thank you, gentlemen. By the way, Ahmed... [grunts] That is a undated letter of resignation from you as the governor of Savannah State. I see. [phone rings] Excuse me, gentlemen. Hello. What? -I have to go, gentlemen. -Sign it, quickly. Sign it! [Ahmed] I will do that before the swearing-in ceremony. -But-- -[Ahmed] Please. Good day, gentlemen. Yes, I am out... -He didn't sign it. -He said he would sign it. -But he did not sign it now! -Gentlemen, please! Dr. Jalo said he will sign it. Uh, yes. And I believe it. After all, who else can turn the arm of a sitting governor, if not the people who put him there? David, you'll continue to work with YiP, right? Yep. And it's not dependent on any government interference. Connie's clients quite like the initiative. And they want to keep supporting it... no matter which party is in power. Good. By the way, ma'am, I heard from your dad. He changed his mind. He's coming? Yes. Is... Is that a problem? No, I saw him this morning, and he didn't mention it. What's the matter? I don't want him to see me resign. Not after all the hard work he put in to get me there. Angie, there is no one more proud of you than your dad. And he tells me that every time we meet. That's true. I hear it whispered in the corridors of power that you are truly your father's daughter. -[chuckles] -Thank you. [Sheri] Your Excellency, good morning. -Good morning, Prof. -Morning. -Please join us. Have a seat. -[Sheri] Thank you. Your Excellency, I set up a final ExCo meeting for 10:30. Good. Ah, where am I giving my resignation speech? It's gonna be in the conference room. We're gonna do a press release, with no press. A press release? They want me to announce my resignation on a piece of paper? On whose orders? Well, I spoke with the speaker of the House. The speaker of the House is not the person giving a resignation speech. I am. And I will bloody well decide on whatever means I decide to do it in. Um... Angela, it's not Henry's fault. I know that. It's the arrogance, David. The impunity and disrespect offends me. If I sneak away like a thief in the night, I will be announcing to the world that I'm guilty. And that is what they want. What do you want me to do, ma'am? I want the press fully represented, especially the TV stations. And I want my speech transmitted live. I may be leaving the office under duress, but I'm going to do it on my own terms. Your Excellency, did you listen to the news this morning? I'm done listening to the news, Sheri. They sing the same old tune. It's Angela Ochello this, Angela Ochello that. The only thing they have left to say is that they've discovered I bore an illegitimate child for the president. [David laughs] What? Without my knowledge? Shocking! [laughs] [Sheri] You have a lot of ground support, Your Excellency. People and organizations have been on air, on radio and television, calling the impeachment unjust. In fact, you're trending big on social media, especially Twitter. How many followers? A lot. Hundreds of thousands. It's a pity they are not members of the House of Assembly. -I wish they were. -[David chuckles] -[sighs] Thank you. -Thank you. [exhales] Ahmed is going to need you to help him navigate these waters, Henry. I don't know. Senator Briggs wants my head. I don't think he'll let me stay on as chief of staff. But it's Ahmed's decision to make, right? Yeah. You place a lot of faith in this guy. He's principled, he's disciplined, he's focused, he's got great taste. Hey, hey, hey. You're supposed to be saying that about me. I was talking about you, my darling. Yes, we were. [all laugh] Anyway, Your Excellency, I'll let you know when the cabinet has assembled. Thank you, Henry. Henry. Yes, ma'am? It's been a pleasure working with you. Now it's Henry. The pleasure is all mine. It's been a privilege, ma'am. I'm going to miss him. Yeah. He's a good man. Mmm. Do you need any help with that? Thanks, but no. This is something that I have to do myself. And I think we need to find a way to lessen the impact of her leaving office. You know, she had good cause to trust you, Your Excellency. I know trust must be earned, Henry. You know, I had the same conversation with the governor right after Governor Akale died. I just wish things were different. [phone rings] Excuse me. Yes. Oh, send him in. Your father would like to see you. You can use my office. -Thank you. -You're very welcome, Your Excellency. And, uh... stand firm. -Dr. Jalo. -Oh. -Morning, Henry. -Yes, sir. -How are we this fine morning? -Well, well, thank you. [Jalo chuckles] What's the matter with you? Nothing. What was all that drama about at Sobifa's house earlier? Drama? What drama? Ahmed, I brought you into this world. I know you inside and out. What games are you playing? I'm not playing any games, Dad. That's exactly the point. I'm not playing your games. You have been handed the governorship of this state on a platter. These men can either make your life easy or turn it into a living hell. Then let them start stoking the fires, Dad. If you think I'm going to sit in the governor's office as a stooge while you bleed this state dry, then I'm afraid you don't know me. Ahmed. This is a deadly game you are playing. Listen to me. These men are very dangerous. They will not just bury you. They will bury me too, in the same shallow grave. Whatever happens to me is my fate. But I will never let another man hold me by the balls the way you hold other puppets. -Are you going to sign that letter? -I will not. And what about Friday Bello? I heard he resigned. Listen to me, Ahmed. Listen to me. I am your father and you will do what I say. I am not Momoh-Alli. I am Jalo! You will obey me. I love you, Papa. I do. But in this matter, I will not obey you. [sighs] Will you be at the swearing-in? Yes. -Good morning, sir. -Mmm. Morning. Ah, come, Musa. -Come with me. -Where to, sir? Oh, to the governor's office. I thought you resigned from the cabinet, sir. Yes, I did. But I want to hear the governor's resignation speech with my own two ears. Oh, I have waited a long time for this. I want to see her pride squashed like a ripe tomato. I want to see her squirm as she utters each word that strips her of power. I want to watch it live! But, sir, why don't we just stay here and watch it on television? The governor is going to be announcing her resignation live, sir. What are you doing? Sir, my informants tell me that the governor is going to be announcing her resignation on live TV. What did you say? She will be resigning on TV. They're going to be broadcasting it live, sir. What? When did this happen? It was this morning, sir. Henry instructed the media as a matter of urgency, sir. -Do the Big Three know? -What does it matter? I mean, a resignation speech is a resignation speech. Do the Big Three know? I don't know, sir. [scoffs] Get out. Get out! -[phone rings] -Yes, but you instructed Friday to ask the ambassador to wait until the new governor is sworn in. He knows we will remove all those stupid clauses, right? Of course. Who was that? Friday. What's wrong? The Ochello lady will be announcing her resignation on live TV. What? That's not what we agreed! I don't think that's a problem. I don't know, Chief. But that is not what we agreed. I don't trust that woman. So, what's on your mind? Wait, gentlemen. Wait. The original impeachment hearing is scheduled for 2:00 p.m., right? Yes. And we all agreed not to proceed if she resigns. Yes, but what's your point? What if she goes live with her broadcast, say, 12:00 p.m. and whips up enough sentiment that would attract some kind of outcry? Which might even lead to some kind of protest. That will force the House to suspend its sitting. We still go ahead anyway, just like Henry said. So a few people make noise. So what? It's not the first time. Yeah, but that woman is very, very popular on social media, as well as with the press right now! I mean, after all we've done to arrive where we are, can we even risk the possibility that that woman could pull a fast one on us again? -We can't take that risk! -So, what do we do? We need to outmaneuver that woman. How? Well, by moving the impeachment vote forward 30 minutes. Half an hour before the resignation speech? Exactly. We have an agreement. Chief, we said no press. That woman is going to announce her resignation on national TV! I don't trust that woman. Chief, we need to call the speaker now. Ladies and gentlemen, my governor, our governor, His Excellency, the commander-in-chief! Make way. Make way for the governor. My governor, our governor, His Excellency, the commander-in-chief... [indistinct chatter] [clears throat] Here comes your new governor, Ahmed Jalo. -The chosen one. -[cheering, applause] Your Excellency. Your Excellency. Is the cabinet fully assembled? Yes, ma'am. -What's the matter? -It's like happy hour over there. They're all sucking up to Ahmed Jalo, lobbying to keep their jobs. Well, they're in for a shock. Let's get this over with. [Otilo] The chosen one. The chosen one. -[man] Your Excellency. -[chuckling] Thank you. Right. This won't take long. Thank you all for coming at such short notice. Deputy Governor... [Otilo] My governor. -Your Excellency, Governor-- -[Angela] Commissioner Otilo? Please excuse yourself and leave the room. Right. I'll make this brief. I've chosen to put an end to this impeachment circus by resigning from office. Thank you for your overwhelming vote of confidence. Before I leave, I want to make sure that the gains we've made are not jeopardized. [phone buzzes] We've just paid the outstanding teachers salaries, abandoned road projects are being revived, and against all odds, we've managed to squeeze out the funds to finish the construction of the vocational center. In addit-- [whispering] This meeting is adjourned for 30 minutes. -What's going on? -I should have known better, Henry. -Nobody's picking up. -And we know why, don't we? Hassan, we leave now. What has happened? -We'll never make it in time, ma'am. -I can't reach my father. Will someone just at least tell me what on earth is going on? The House moved the impeachment vote forward by 30 minutes. What? That's in about 10 minutes. I thought we had a deal! They don't want me to resign, David. They want to humiliate me. -What are you going to do? -We're ready to leave now, ma'am. -Hassan. -Ma'am? Stand down. We won't make it in time. Yes, ma'am. Thank you, Henry. Ma'am? Let's finish the ExCo meeting. And then, David, we can get the hell out of this place. [door slams] Dad? What happened? I don't know. Jalo, give us good news so that I can pop this bottle before I break it on your head. [laughs] Angela Ochello is still the executive governor... of Savannah State. It's impossible! I mean, how come? Huh? [chuckling] [Angela] Dad, what are you talking about? Supo Williams. -The speaker of the House? -Yes! He asked me to deliver a message. He says that the entire House of Assembly expresses its unwavering support for the administration of Angela Ochello, the governor of Savannah State. What does that mean exactly? I think that means it's over. They're backing down. It's over! They've not going to impeach? -No! -Why? They are not going to impeach! How do we know it's not a trick? Oh, Supo says they already issued statements to the press. It's over. -Henry. -Yes, ma'am? Please inform the cabinet of the news and adjourn the meeting until Monday. Yes. Yes, Your Excellency. [all laughing] Is this a joke? [laughs] [laughter continues] [chattering, faint] -Musa, let's go. -Oga, what's wrong? -I'm finished. -What happened? They didn't impeach her. Chief Thompson's house, now! Yes, sir. -It's a miracle. -I can't believe it! Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for fighting, for persevering and believing, even against all the odds. Dad, was this you? It definitely wasn't me. [chuckles] Oh, well. Is that allowed in the governor's office? [all laughing] In what can only be described as sensational, the Savannah House of Assembly has performed an about-face, squashing the impeachment proceedings against the governor. So far, no reason has been given for this startling development, but what remains is that Angela Ochello is still the governor of Savannah State. This is Elizabeth Maga reporting for SNTV news. [exhales] The drama is exhausting! I love my job. Yes! I don't know how we did it. I don't even care how we did it. -I just know we did it. Thank God! -[Angela] Yay! [laughs] Yay! First thing tomorrow morning, I'm dissolving the cabinet. How could this happen? [sighs] He despises her for everything she stands for. I mean, why help her now? Why? Gentlemen, I'm too old for this game. Sobifa. It's a setback, yes. It's an unmitigated disaster, Jalo! We had an impeachment signed, sealed and technically delivered, and yet, one way or another, she finds a way to best us. Gentlemen, that's it for me. It's time to take that ten-country holiday tour I've always promised my wife. We're fortunate it's the weekend, so we can start afresh on Monday. I feel like I could sleep for a week. [all chuckling] Well, Your Excellency, if there's nothing else, I'd like to go home early. Henry, I don't know how to thank you. Oh, that's not necessary, Your Excellency. Henry, thank you very much, man. -You're welcome. -Thank you very much. I still can't figure out why the national party chairman squashed the impeachment. Well, that's a mystery. I guess we'll never know why. -[Angela] We are in his debt. -[Henry] Yes, we are. Good day, ma'am. -Good night, Henry. -Good night, Henry. Good night. Sir. -Hassan? -[Hassan] Ma'am? -We'll be leaving shortly. -Yes, ma'am. Thank you. [belches] [sighs] This morning, I was ready to walk away. I told my dad, "I'm walking away." I had my bags packed in my mind and I had moved on. And I was okay with it. I was fine. [both chuckle] Angie, you still have a lot of good to do for this state. Your time wasn't up yet. So what, should I call Alhaji Kassim and thank him? Ah... Should I ask him why? What do you think? That's a decision for tomorrow. -Yeah. -Mm-hmm. Never had so much fun in a long time. You call that roller coaster ride we have just come off of "fun"? [laughing] -[Iffy] Congratulations, Mom! [laughs] -Oh, thank you! -[Toju] Congratulations! -[Angela] Oh! I don't know how you did it, Mom, but I've got to say, you've got some game. Thank you, guys. I'm cooking tonight, guys. Mom, you haven't cooked in, like, forever. Yeah, I mean, do you even remember where the kitchen is? -Ha! -Right. For wanton insubordination, you're both mandated to come and help me in the kitchen. -[Iffy and Toju groan] -Come on, come on. -Toju, Iffy. -I'll catch up. -Iffy. -I promise! -Come on, please. Toju. -[groaning] Get going. Out. It's nonsense. [sighs] He's this way. He's waiting for you. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. I'm glad to see you. -Alhaji. -Oh, good to see you, David. -Good to see you again. -Thank you. Thank you, Alhaji. Your request is being considered. But you still have a decision to make of what eventually happens in this scenario. Yes. I understand. If I help you out now, I might need your favor some other day. [David] I quite understand. -Okay? -Yes. So what do you want to do? I'll-- I'll just wait for you, to know what your thoughts are. [Kassim] I've told you. Whatever you wanted done with you, don't think about the consequences. [theme music playing] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 