Don't F**k with Cats: Hunting an Internet Killer: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Don't F**k with Cats: Hunting an Internet Killer 
 s1e2 - Killing for Clicks - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Don't F**k with Cats: Hunting an Internet Killer (2019): Season 1, Episode 2 - Killing for Clicks - full transcript 
 A new video pushes panic go to the next level, galvanizing the "internet nerds" to intensify their own painstaking investigation as police join the hunt. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's 5:00 a.m. I'm in bed, sleeping... ...and my phone vibrates telling me I've got a Facebook message. So, I pick up my phone, and I look at it, and it says, "Hey, there's this new video on the Internet, and I think you might want to look at it. I think it's that guy Luka you've been looking for." So, it's got my attention, and I'm thinking, "Oh, great, another cat killing video." It opens a browser. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I see a video, and I press "Play." In the previous videos, the object on the bed were cats. In this video, it was an actual person. And I'm, like, "What the fuck?" At this point, I am fully awake, my heart is pounding. I immediately jump out of bed, run to my computer, and turn it on. "Come on, computer. Let's go, let's go, let's go." Now I'm watching it on my large monitor, and I've got it full-screen. Holy shit! I had just woken up... ...and John Green had sent a Facebook link. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I'm like... "What the fuck is happening?" I didn't... I didn't know what to... I... I don't even know what to say. Well, we told them this would happen. And they didn't believe us. And now we're looking at a dead person. I've been a police officer for over 23 years. It's the first time I've seen something like this. A twisted story that keeps twisting... A receptionist opened the blood-soaked box and found a severed foot. What they saw, they described as something out of a horror film. This is somebody who was able to execute a very, very well laid-out plan. I mean, it plays out like a slasher movie. He was clearly someone who wanted this bizarre form of notoriety. And he actually put things on the Internet. What did you see in that video? There was moments that aren't even speakable. This man does not have a lot of friends. Not many who have surfaced, anyway. Public enemy number one. How hard is it going to be to track him down? How dangerous is this man? How careful should people be right across the globe? Well, he is a master of disguise. He likes to... ...possibly disguised as a woman. Interpol issued a worldwide arrest warrant for first-degree murder. Tonight there are accusations that online evidence of a twisted mind was ignored by police. And he even posted these horrific videos of him allegedly torturing and killing cats. The video was called "1 Lunatic, 1 Ice Pick." The video starts off with a guy tied up to the bed. And then, um... the per... The suspect sort of... checks on him and, you know, pets his face a little bit, loving on him a little bit. And the camera is picked up now by the suspect. We see the victim's face. And then it cuts to a different angle. So, the suspect comes up. He's got something in his hand, uh... some sort of stabby tool, ice pick kind of looking thing. And the suspect just starts stabbing and stabbing and stabbing, and the stabbing does not stop. It goes on and on and on and on. Um... At about eight minutes in, eight minutes, ten seconds or so in, there's a dog, a little puppy introduced. It's a little black-and-white dog. And it's just really sad and... you start to wonder, like, what the kind of person that could do this to another person. And, um... It's hard to watch that. And... The rest of the video is... It's hard to describe. It's haunting. So I watched the video entirely, over and over again, probably 20 times that day, but every time I keep watching it, for some reason, my mind... doesn't want to believe it's true. So, we start doing what we normally do. We start analyzing this murder video, and we're trying to look for information that we could say that, "Yes, this is Luka." So, first thing, it's very Luka-esque in style. The suspect pets him, kind of loves on him a little bit. Very much like the kitten videos. Because that's what Luka did. Luka loved on his victims. The song that's playing in the background... It's actually a song called "True Faith." Luka had used that song before in some of his picture montages that he had posted on YouTube. Certainly, we were worried about the human being that he had just killed. but why the dog? What's going on with the dog? Because we didn't catch him for the kitten killing videos, we started thinking the dog was a message to us. "I got away with it, and I'm doing this now. And this is... I'm graduating on to, you know, a human. Um, this dog is here as just an homage to my past." And a message to us, you know? "Fuck you." So now... I know this is Luka. I don't even have to see the person. I know it's Luka. The problem that we ran into was that we couldn't prove, like, the address of where it happened. We know he was in Toronto when he made the kitten killing videos, but we didn't know if he was there now, and we didn't know if the video was filmed there. So, we don't have jurisdiction. So as far as the police are concerned, as the law is concerned, this is Internet, you know, hoo-ha. So, the only contact that we had was with our detective at the Toronto Police Department. So we contacted him. "We've just come across this new video. It shows a dead body. We are pretty sure it's Luka in the video who's committed the crime. I need you to look at this." And I'm thinking, "Great, he's gonna do something." So now at this point, I think I've done everything I can. Sooner or later, there's gonna be some breaking news that a body has been found. I had set up a Google alert. So we were just kind of on edge waiting for something. We were waiting for a ping of some kind on the radar. A day goes by. No response. We were just kind of sitting back, going, "Well, there hasn't been news yet." You know, "Is there news yet?" "Why hadn't they found a body yet?" We didn't know what he was gonna do next, so we felt we had a ticking time bomb on our hands, and we wanted it to stop. I'm scared to death. "Is he going to come after me now? He knows who I am. He knows where I work." It was terrifying. We start thinking... Well, I start thinking, maybe the murder video wasn't made in Toronto. It could've been made anywhere in the world. And then I remembered... the video that was made three months prior, before the murder happened. Luka likes to make videos about himself. He's very narcissistic. He's very vain. And we need to scan all these videos, even though it's just the worst thing in the world. But you gotta sit through them because there could be a new picture. Deanna messaged me, and she was like, "Hey, I found this new YouTube video of Luka. I want you to watch it." And about halfway through the video, I notice a photo that I've never seen. And I said, "Are you talking about the photo of him in front of the rock steps?" She goes, "Yes." So, there are a few really important things about this picture. Number one, the trees. The foliage on the trees was still kind of sprouting, so it was like the beginning of spring. So I knew, this was recent, this was relevant. The second thing that was important were the pedestrian lights. They were very unique. They didn't look like Toronto. They were black. I know the ones in Toronto are yellow. Uh, they were square. Then, boom. So, my hairs immediately went up on my neck. Oh, my God. Okay, maybe he went to Montreal. And we just opened up Google Maps and started walking down the streets digitally. And we're literally going through the Street View and going step by step by step down the street. And so I'm going down one street, she's going down another street. I'm going down this street, she's going down another street. I'm going down this street, she's going down another street. Then all of a sudden, I go, "Holy shit. There's the stairs, right there." And it was in the McGill University in downtown Montreal. So, we had placed him in Montreal. So now we gotta start looking at Montreal, and it's a place that we had never dealt with before. It's a totally different province. Different jurisdiction, different police, different everything. This was gonna take even more time to, you know, establish credibility with the Montreal police now because we're just Internet nerds. So, this is the back of our building, at 5720 Decarie. It was Tuesday morning. I came downstairs. By the time I start taking out the garbage, I don't know, it was about maybe nine, 9:30. And when I was pulling it out, that's when I noticed a suitcase that was sitting on the side. But I found it suspicious because there was a lock on it. Why is there a lock on an old suitcase? Who would throw this in the garbage? And that's when I saw the maggots were coming out of the top of the hole. So I figured somebody... their dog died or their cat died or something, and they didn't know what to do with it. But I got curious, so I decided to open it. It was 10:15 a.m. that morning when 911 was called. That first day, when the first call came in at the office, actually, we thought it would be a short investigation, but it didn't turn out quite that way. Somebody found a gray suitcase at 5720 Decarie Street. Upon arrival, there was already... red tape. The suitcase in question was placed in the back alley of the building. The smell, first of all, it was devastating. There was many, many, many flies, and there were worms. So, we quickly put up the tent, so we could open it up. So the forensic, um, officer proceeded to open the suitcase. Immediately, what we saw is, first of all, it was a male, a white male. Um... the arms were cut off, uh, the legs were cut off, and the head was cut off, and he was punctured many times in the abdomen region. And... at that point, I'm asking myself, "What kind of a person could do this?" But somebody must have tipped off the media because they arrived very quickly. So finally, a ping. And the first thing I see is a police tent. Open up the link... and it said... "Torso found in luggage in Montreal." Holy shit! So, there was a small lock. We cut it. We opened it up, and there was a torso with no head. And I was like, "Fuck, they found it." We're, as a group, watching this all unfold before us, like, "Holy shit, this is really real." It was no longer a game of online. This was real-world. The identity is not confirmed yet, but we know something for a fact. This is a male, uh, a white male. I mean, we tried to contact the Toronto police before they even found the body. And, sure as shit, this has fucking happened. Everything that we said was gonna happen, it's done. He did it. So obviously, we contacted the Montreal Police Department. We had all this information to give them, but they were not responding to us at all. At one point, on Twitter, I got very vocal with them and angry and I kinda went off. You know, like... "There's people out here that could be in danger, and you're fucking ignoring me. I've got all this shit to give you." And I let them have it, and nobody even responded to me at all. Maybe they were just so busy with their investigation they didn't have time to deal with these Internet nerds. We don't have any credibility. Behind the suitcase, there were many garbage bags. In total, there were 33 bags. But I noticed a red-brownish substance that was dripping down under the trash bags. I had the feeling it was blood. We started going through the bags one by one. We found one wine bottle. There was a poster that was all crumpled up. Also, a yellow T-shirt. We found a dead puppy in the bag. Black-and-white dead puppy. Finally, in one of the garbage bags, we found something. Blankets stained with blood. Okay, we hit the spot here. We found papers. A driver's license from Ontario. A receipt from a pharmacy and both of them had a name on it: Luka Rocco Magnotta. I don't have a clue who this person is. I never heard that name before. And I do have an address on the receipt... 5720 Decarie Street, apartment 208. So now I'm concluding that what is in the trash, what is in the suitcase, comes from apartment 208, and it's probably Luka Rocco Magnotta that has been killed. So, I sent off a police officer... to check, not to search the apartment, but just to make a check. But there was nothing. It was clean. There was basic furniture. On the table, there was... a bottle of lemon juice. A bed with a brown sheet. But the police officer was suspicious... because he said, "It smells like chemicals." But there was nobody inside the apartment, so the apartment was shut back down... because we must have a warrant to search the apartment. My supervisors informed me that there was a torso that was found in a suitcase and my presence was requested at the Decarie building. I spoke to the administrator of the building to confirm that there were security cameras. And he confirmed that there were two cameras in the building. There was a, uh, security camera at the front of the building, so you can see people coming in and out. And a camera in the basement, where people bring their garbage. Considering that the janitor had said that the suitcase was in the alleyway before he took the garbage out, we knew that that was a good starting point. So, we started to look at the images within that time frame to see if we could see the person who put the luggage there. We were able to see an individual on the 25th of May at approximately 2:47 in the morning, putting things in the garbage and leaving. A young man in his late 20s, wearing a yellow T-shirt. What was really odd about this individual was that, first of all, it's early in the morning, after 2:00 a.m., when most people are sleeping. Usually, I would imagine that if you're going to the garbage, you'd grab a garbage bag and do one trip. But this individual was doing it repeatedly. This time, it's 4:02 in the morning, so he must have made at least 20 trips. I was still going through the trashes. We found a screwdriver painted with metal-color gray paint, modified to look like... maybe like an ice pick. We found a knife... but there was pieces of skin and blood on it. We found a saw... and then finally, body parts. We found the legs and the arms. But there was something that was very curious. There were no hands, no feet, no head. Those parts were missing. And we were all asking ourselves, what's going to happen next? Good evening, we begin tonight with developing and sinister news from the nation's capital, where police are investigating two mysterious packages addressed to the headquarters of the Conservative Party. A receptionist opened the blood-soaked box and found a severed foot. My head was spinning at that point. I was like, "Wow, what are we going through at this point now?" The left foot was wrapped in a pink silk paper. And opening the silk paper, there was a note. Actually, it was a poem. "Roses are red. Violets are blue. Police will need... dental file to identify you. Bitch." Right now, we have major crime investigators investigating this. Okay? At this point, that's all I can tell you. This is basically the prime minister of Canada that you're sending fucking human feet to. This is a big deal. This is the ultimate... just, "Fuck you, I want attention. This is gonna be big news." Police say that parcels containing the victim's other limbs are likely to have been posted to other offices across the country. He is going to get the attention of the world now on him. Um... You just... You're... Putting myself back in that state, and how I'm talking right now is how I was. I was all over the place. And I think anybody would be. I don't think anybody on this planet would be mentally prepared for something like that. You work so hard to prevent something from happening, and then it happens. And then you wonder, "Did I push too hard?" You know, "Did... did I not do enough? Did I not do enough?" "Oh, honey, you did enough. Like, did you do too much? Did you egg him on and give him the attention he wanted, and it was like a drug? It just stopped being enough for him. Did he need more attention?" You go through the spectrum of blame, blaming yourself. And it makes you sick, and your stomach hurts, and you're throwing up, and you're not eating. I just want to curl up in my bed with my dogs and watch bad reality TV. So, I needed to go off-grid. After hearing the news that a left foot had been received at the Conservative office in Ottawa, I was immediately dispatched to a post office here in Montreal, which was about ten minutes away from the Decarie building. On this package, there was a bar code, so we were able to identify the post office which had sent off this package. So, this is it. This is the pharmacy, and the post office is located within this pharmacy. So, I told the pharmacy manager that I needed to see some security footage... from the approximate time in which this package would've been sent. And he's scrolling back and forth, back and forth. And then I tell him, "Stop right there." We see an individual, standing in line, and in his hands, he has the package. I just looked at my partner that was with me, and he looked at me, and we knew, like, this is the same person that we saw in the basement of the Decarie building. A hundred percent, the same person. At that point, we knew that this was our suspect. So now we had to identify him. I asked the manager if he had any documentation which corroborated and validated the sending-off of this package. The documentation that supported his transaction was signed by an individual called Rocco. He also informed me that there was two packages. Not one package, but two packages, to my surprise. I've never seen anything like it before. I thought things like this just happened in movies. Call it grotesque, bizarre, a twisted story that keeps twisting. After a human foot was delivered to Conservative Party headquarters, today we learned the second body part, a hand, was sent to the Liberals. I'm troubled that someone decided that a political party was a worthy target for that particular body part. I mean, who knows where the other body parts were sent? When I'm informed that we have a suspect, and this name is Luka Rocco Magnotta, and this is not the victim, I'm, like, astonished. I'm like, "Wow!" But unfortunately, we still don't have enough evidence to inform the public. We still have to find out how Mr. Magnotta met with the victim. How did Mr. Magnotta convince him to go to his place? Having all those details... would double our evidence. I heard a horrendous pounding on the door. Bang, bang, bang on the front door and the side door. It sounded like someone was breaking in, so I grabbed the phone... and was just gonna call 911. And I seen, like, flashlights coming in the windows, so I crawled across the floor, up to the window, and just pulled it down a tiny bit to see because it was locked. And I saw a police officer at the door. And I start to shake because it was the middle of the night, and when a policeman comes to your house in the middle of the night, you know it's not good. I opened the front door, which now gave me a view of the street, and the whole street was lined with police vehicles. And there was two officers at the front door. I said, "Come in." And one of them... looked over, and he said, "He's a lot smaller than I thought he was." He said, "Are you Luka Magnotta's mother?" I said, "Yes." And I'm like, "Oh, my son! What's wrong with my son?" He said, "There's nothing wrong with your son. We're looking for him." And I'm like, "Oh, about the cat videos?" He said, "Is your son here?" I said, "No." I'm like, "Why are you looking for him?" They wouldn't answer me. And they just... They left. I get a call from the detective at the Toronto Police Department. He had been on vacation and was unaware, and when he got back, they had told him about what had transpired and how Montreal Police were looking for a Luka Magnotta. And this is a person you've spent, you know, the last two years of your life searching every week. Now you're hearing the detective name him in a murder. It was very surreal. At this time, we do not have a clue who the victim is, but I was asked to come to the mobile commander post. I enter, and I've got four pair of eyes that are looking at me and says, "Claudette, you better sit down." They had received an e-mail saying that there's a video that was becoming viral on the web. We put the video on. And now I'm witnessing a human being being murdered. As a homicide investigator, you always investigate once the murder has happened. But now, I was witnessing what happened. It's like I... if I was behind the murderer, watching him do a murder. We had to stop the video. I said, "This is impossible. What I'm seeing is impossible." They didn't have the same sense that I did because I was the one that was in the trashes. The first thing that struck me... the poster. That poster, I saw it in the trash. But I didn't think it was relevant. It was completely unreal, but I knew one thing. What happened, happened in apartment 208. Then I see a person in what seems to be a bathtub with the water running and playing around with the head. The head... He's just spinning the head around. This is the first time I see... the victim's face. It's the first time I can place a face on the torso that I have. I can see an Asian man, young man, in his mid-30s. After that, I see a black-and-white puppy, with the individual holding a knife. At that point, I had to stop. I had to walk out. This was ridiculous. I come back in... then I see... I have to stop. Because now I knew what the suspect looked like, we started to look at more security footage... of the Decarie building. I was looking at a few days before the torso had been found. And at one point, I was able to see... two people, two young men in their late 20s, entering the building. One was the suspect that we had seen in the post office. And the other one didn't seem to be, like, a white person. He seemed maybe to be, like, a little darker, maybe Asian, maybe South American. I started to look through the missing persons reports. And I fall upon a name, Jun Lin. Jun Lin was my best friend. It was Sunday evening. I was having dinner and received a phone call from Jun Lin's ex-boyfriend, asking me if I had seen Jun Lin... in the past few days. I said no. He hadn't heard from Jun Lin for about 60 hours. That was extremely unusual because he was the kind of person who would call us if he was going somewhere else. Jun Lin was quite a shy person. He wasn't openly gay, but that's why he came to Canada because it's a more liberal and accepting place. This is the, uh... building where Jun Lin used to live. When I got here, uh, that door was locked, so I had to call the superintendent to get the permission to enter the building and his apartment. I went to the kitchen. There's a frying pan with frying oil, and the eggs was waiting to be fried. The cat... The cat, uh... was crawling out of his bedroom with his stomach on the floor. It looked like the cat hadn't eaten for a few days. Jun Lin's cat was like his baby. He wouldn't have left his cat unattended for a couple of days. So I called to the police immediately. They say, "Well, stay where you are. We need to talk to you." Then I... started to feel things... were going wrong. It was around four in the morning, and what I wanted to do was to go where Jun Lin lived to get some objects for eventual DNA comparison. We took a toothbrush and a water bottle. The police didn't tell me anything about the case. But there was a rumor. A killing, a gruesome killing video being circulated online. I heard the victim was an Asian guy. I found out a video called, uh... "1 Lunatic, 1 Ice Pick." I didn't watch the complete clip, but I did glance through it. So, at the very end, I saw a picture. This person with a head cut off. And, uh, that was the moment... I identified that's Jun Lin. So, 24 hours had passed since they had found the body... and I was still sort of in my pity party watching bad TV. Nonsense. The victim, we know... ...to be a 33-year-old victim, which is Jun Lin. He's a student from Concordia University... And then all of a sudden, the news broke about Jun Lin. We had a hard time to remove the video. Such a horrible video. It's not the movies. Now we gotta focus about finding the suspect. That's the reason why we need help with the public. We... And I start thinking about, "Okay, these cops are still looking for Luka, so I really need to get my ass together and get back online and join my team." I was gonna get him. I wanted to figure out the last Luka movements... right before the murder. Then I started thinking about... the puppy. The puppy was something that he would have had to have acquired somewhere. A lot of people on the planet use Craigslist to get free dogs. We just cast this wide net and start reading every post that mentioned, you know, "free puppies" or "I want a puppy." And we found a posting... that was made four days before the murder. "Hi, I have a limited-space apartment. I'm looking for any dog. I'm very experienced with dogs. My family owned a pet shop." A normal person reading this wouldn't think anything of it, but when I read it, I remembered... that one of the sock puppets we were tracking, Vladamir Romanov, had made a posting on a website about a year ago, and it said, "My family owned a pet store." So, I have all this... This is all happening in my mind super fast when I'm reading this. So four days prior to the murder, this post was made. It matches Luka's writing. Once we figured out the puppy, we wanted to start looking at how did Luka come into contact with the victim? So we stayed on Craigslist because it obviously worked for him. There's tons of them, okay? One of the things that Luka always does is he'll type something, and then he'll do a space and then a comma and then a space. Another thing that he does is he spells "probably" wrong every single time. He'll say things like, "so hot." Or "sexy guy," things like that. There were more, but things like that. So it's easy to recognize Luka when it's Luka. Next. Next. Next. And then, all of a sudden... space, comma, space. This posting was done on May 24th, and the murder happened on the 25th. And it said, "I'm looking for a sexy guy." Okay, "sexy guy," that's a Luka phrase. "I'm not gonna be sucking cock. Send me your picture. Send me your face. Send me your body." Finally, "I'm gonna be making a movie." It was Luka. The pieces started falling together now. Jun Lin and Luka Rocco Magnotta arrive at the apartment on Decarie together. And they both walk in, and they both seem, like, very happy at that moment. But, later on, only one person leaves the building. And he's wearing the same yellow T-shirt that Jun Lin was wearing before. The toxicology report of Mr. Lin had Oxazepam in his blood. Oxazepam is a sedative. Residue that was found in the wine bottle contained the same sedative. So I do hope that Mr. Lin was knocked out before Mr. Magnotta cut his throat. We see Luka Rocco Magnotta coming back. He stops, and he looks at himself in the mirror. He looks as if he doesn't have a worry in the world. He's got a bag in his hand. We're presuming that he was buying plastic gloves and other articles to clean up the crime scene. Once I obtained a warrant to go back into the apartment 208, we put on the forensic white suit, commonly called "bunny suits." I enter. But I smell two things. I smell, like, a cleaning product, and I smell blood. It's hard to describe what blood smells like, but if you take a pound of ground meat and you leave it on the counter for six, seven hours... And definitely, in the apartment, it smelled like blood. We covered the windows, so the apartment was pitch-black. And then the biologist proceeded to do the luminol. They use a certain liquid that reacts very strongly to blood. But, especially where the bed, the mattress, and the wall, that place there, it looked like... you walk in a discotheque. Pitch black, and everything is lighting up. So you could see that, clearly, the murder happened on the bed. And then, after that, the body was brought to the bathroom. And you could see clearly that the torso was put against the door. I'm saying to myself, "Wow." Once again, I could be right behind the murderer, and I'm witnessing. I'm feeling. I feel the murder. I feel what happened in the apartment. I hear the music. I have the smell, the smell of the blood. Then I started thinking about the song. Luka likes to leave breadcrumbs, and one of the breadcrumbs he left in the video was the song. And, one of the best movies ever made was American Psycho. In that movie, the opening sequence is New Order, "True Faith." Christian Bale's character is very vain. He always has the perfect clothes on. He's very into himself and how he presents himself. This was important because Luka is very obsessed with how he looks. He likes to present himself a certain way. We believe he really started to identify with this Christian Bale character. He wanted to be successful, to have money. You're a fucking ugly bitch. But he's also this crazy serial killer. I'm gonna stab you to death and play around with your blood. Serial killers aren't one-murder people. They kill a series of people. He wants to do this again. There was a closet. You walk in, and, to my surprise, there's something written on the wall: "If you don't like the reflection, don't look in the mirror. I don't care." Why is that written there? I don't know. At this point, I feel like I'm in a thriller movie. But there's one phrase in that message that made me scared: "I don't care." If this individual doesn't care, does that mean he can repeat? Are we starting to have a serial killer? Is he going to kill again because he doesn't care? I can't express in words how terrified we all were. And we're sitting there at the time and wondering, "Where the fuck is he?" On May 29th at 10:15, a citizen reported a strong smell coming from the alley behind 5720 Decarie Boulevard in Montreal. They then discovered a torso inside a traveling luggage. Six o'clock p.m. on the same day, the Conservative Party received a package... The TV was on in the front room, and... A foot was discovered inside the package... This news feed was coming up about, um... a murder in Montreal. And, you know, it was just constant. Every time I'd go check, I'd see this, "murder, murder, murder." We then learned of the existence of a video that was posted on the web, showing a possible homicide. Nine o'clock p.m... Then they released... "suspect is a 29-year-old male," and they... they flashed a picture and the name. The 29-year-old suspect we're looking for is a Rocco Luka Magnotta. You get a picture of the suspect. You get his name also. This is the 29-year-old suspect we're looking for... Luka Magnotta. Wanted... for murder. My heart sank. It was like I lost my footing on the world. This is a coast-to-coast warrant. We're looking for the suspect, and if anyone got information for us, they will have to dial 911. This is a priority for us. I have to tell you, it was an odd feelinggetting, you know, the head of the Montreal Police to say, "Luka Rocco Magnotta." It was something we'd been waiting for for a while. A little bit of it, it validated all the work that we had been doing, and at the same point, it pissed us off because I remember thinking, "Well, if they just would have listened to us three months prior, maybe Jun Lin wouldn't be dead today." So finally, the Montreal Police contacted us. And they asked to join our little secret Facebook group of information about Luka, where we kind of dumped all of our evidence. The entire group of us were kind of... not chuckling, but kind of just shaking our heads. Like, "They have no idea what they're in for." They were gonna make the mistake that we did by underestimating him. We knew that Luka was kind of an expert in evasion. You know, he did escape Toronto and went to Montreal after the kitten videos. So, he just killed a person, he's clearly going to leave and go somewhere, but we didn't know where he was gonna go. So, I started coming up with the idea. So, in the murder video, you see a movie poster for the movie Casablanca. One of our group members goes, "Hey have you guys ever seen the opening scene?" We're like, "No." And they're like, "Go watch it." And I'm thinking, like, "Oh, this is another clue. Luka is telling. He's projecting what he's planning to do next." And then I watched the end of the movie. Inside of us, we both know you belong with Victor. You're part of his work, the thing that keeps him going. If that plane leaves the ground, and you're not with him, you'll regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of your life. But what about us? We'll always have Paris. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 