Vampirina: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Vampirina 
 s2e4 - Baby Dragon/Gloomates - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Vampirina (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Baby Dragon/Gloomates - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪ Vampirina ♪ ♪ We were normal vampires  In Transylvania ♪ ♪ Like the other monsters  On every block ♪ ♪ Till we packed our things  of human race culture shock ♪ ♪ Whoa-oa-oa, Vampirina ♪ ♪ I may be blue  With pointy teeth ♪ ♪ Whoa-oa-oa, Vampirina ♪ ♪ But I'm not so different  Underneath ♪ ♪ It's true that our tastes  May be a little offbeat ♪ ♪ But we're the battiest Monsters you'll ever meet ♪ ♪ Whoa-oa-oa, Vampirina ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ A ghoulish girl  In a human world ♪ ♪ Whoa-oa-oa, Vampirina ♪ ♪ It may seem strange  But it's true ♪ ♪ I'm just like you ♪ ♪ Whoa-oa-oa, Vampi [Vampirina]  "Baby Dragon." Ooh, I can't watch, I can't watch, I can't watch! -You did it!  -Ha! Of course I did. I knew it wasn't gonna fall. Yes, sir, wasn't worried a bit. Your turn, Nan. I just love that  your parents asked me to come over and babysit  while they're away on their couples' retreat. There's nothing  I enjoy more 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 than spending time  with my granddaughter. Aren't you forgetting someone-- someone charming, smart, and ghoulishly  good looking, huh? Oh, yes. Work it. [chuckles]  And you. And Gregoria. Now that you all moved here  to Pennsylvania, Grandpop is the only family  I have left in Transylvania. It can get kind of lonely  for your old Nan without her Vee,  Demi and Gregoria. Gregoria's not here. But you are.  You're right there. With your parents on vacation and Nanpire in charge, I'm taking a vacation too-- from you all. This house has so much hustle and bustle, a gargoyle can't get a moment of peace. I'm spending  the next two days alone. Ooh, sounds fun! Can I join?  We can be alone together. And I'll invite Vee,  and Nan too. No. I want two days  by myself. That means no noise  and no guests. -[screams]  -[both gasp] Didn't I just say, "No noise and no guests"? [exclaims] Well, I'll be  a bat's wing! It's a baby dragon! Hmm. Something looks  awfully familiar about this little girl. Demi's right. This is the baby dragon that hatched here. A baby dragon hatched here,  in Pennsylvania? Yep. We were babysitting a dragon egg for the critter-narian Dr. Paquette when she hatched. I wonder why  she came back. If I had to guess,  I'd say she missed someone. Me? Aw! -[mewing]  -Oh! [Nan chuckles] Guess she came to  visit you, Gregoria. Can I help you? Ah! -Aw, she wants a hug.  -[exclaims] Hugging a dragon  isn't "aw," it's "ouch!" -[gasps] Hmph!  -[doorbell rings] Puffers! I look away  for one minute,  and you fly off? I am truly sorry  for the disturbance. I have so many  magical creatures  to care for, one or two occasionally fly off while I'm not looking. -[purrs]  -Oh, now I see why she's been trying so hard to come back here. To poke me with her  cacti-sharp spines? She thinks  you're her mama. I'm her what?  [gasps] Baby dragons get attached quickly. Your face must've been one of the first she saw when she hatched. -Doesn't she have a mama?  -I'm afraid not. I found her egg in the forest outside Spookelton Castle. I've been looking for  a home for her for months. Oh, say, you all wouldn't be  in the market to adopt? -Oh, we'd love to!  -But unfortunately, Pennsylvania is no place to raise a dragon. There's no dragon parks, no dragon groomers, and what would the neighbors think? What if she just stayed the weekend-- you know, to visit? -[joyful cooing]  -[Nan chuckles] Well, I'd love to have  that adorable little face  around here. I can be back to pick Puffers up on Sunday. Seriously?  This was supposed to be  my weekend alone, and now I'm caring for  a baby dragon? It's just two days.  How hard can it be? How hard can it be?  Really hard! And I know hard!  I'm made of stone! But she's so cute! Oh, she just melts your heart! She doesn't melt your heart,  she melts your tail. This little dragon  is a monster. And not in a good,  "hide under your bed" way. ♪ Ha! Well, just look  At her there ♪ ♪ With those innocent  Puppy eyes ♪ [exclaims] ♪ But beneath that stare ♪ ♪ You can see that  It's all a disguise ♪ ♪ Yes, you'd better beware ♪ ♪ And don't ever  Let down your guard ♪ ♪ Or your TV remote  Will be charred ♪ ♪ She's "dragon" me down ♪ ♪ She may play it cute ♪ ♪ Sort of cuddly  And kind of sweet ♪ ♪ If she chases you, scoot ♪ ♪ Or you're gonna be  Feeling the heat ♪ ♪ No, you cannot dispute ♪ ♪ That the way that  She wags her tail ♪ ♪ Is an epic adorable fail ♪ ♪ She's "dragon" me down ♪ ♪ When I look at her face  There's a feeling ♪ ♪ I can't avoid ♪ ♪ It's the warm, snuggly  Glow in my heart ♪ ♪ That means I'm annoyed ♪ ♪ You may try to tug ♪ ♪ But my heartstrings  Are overruled ♪ ♪ 'Cause while everyone else  May be fooled ♪ ♪ She's "dragon" me down ♪ [Gregoria] All I wanted  was to be alone this weekend, and she won't leave  my side for a second. -[sneezes]  -Aah! Oh, she just wants to spend time with her mama. I'm not her mama! Is there anything we can do to help? Yeah. Get her  to go to sleep. She never sleeps, which means I never sleep. Maybe we just need  to tire her out. We could play some games. Ooh, that's  a spook-tacular idea! I sleep as well as  a mummy in a tomb after a big day  of playing. [all grunting, panting] Come on!  Higher! Higher! This is as high  as I go. Gargoyles weren't made to bounce. Whew! -Do you think  she's getting tired yet?  -No. Maybe we should try  a new game. We could all fly around the house and have her chase us. Flying does always  wear me out. You guys know I can't fly, right? Just when I thought this weekend  couldn't get any worse. Oh, she's catching us! Faster! W-Wait a minute!  Whoa! I never knew  you were... you were so,  you know, heavy. -I'm made of stone!  -Did it work? No. She's got  even more energy now. What if we, uh, play catch with Puffers? After all, Wolfie loves playing catch. Maybe she will too. Seriously? We'll be up all night  throwing that thing around. Not if we have  a little magical help. As fast as a squirrel, as fun as a bone, make this ball roll  on its own! It worked! Well, you could say  she's having a ball. Huh? Huh? Get it?  A ball? [chuckles] I just crack  myself up sometimes. That's my cue. This gargoyle's  getting some sleep while she's got  the chance. Yeah! Vee, I almost got it! Oh, come here, you! [stretching yawn]  Now, that's what I call a ghoul night's sleep. -Ah!  -[Puffers chirps] -[exclaims happily] -She's still chasing that ball? All night  and all morning. [chuckles]  I just wish  she'd stay still long enough  for me to pet her. She's been so focused on catching the ball, it looks like she forgot all about you. -She did?  -Yep. Probably forgot  you exist entirely. And now you can have  the rest of the weekend  to yourself like you wanted. Isn't that great? Uh... yeah. I mean, yes, of course.  That's-That's great. -Well, see ya!  -[exclaiming happily] Oh, look!  She almost got it! [chuckles] -[Puffers exclaims]  -[Vampirina, Demi chuckle] She's so cute! [Nanpire] I just want to  pet her all day! Gregoria, I thought  you were taking a nap. -I can't sleep.  -What's wrong? I don't know.  Yesterday all I wanted was for Puffers  to leave me alone, and now that she has, I have a weird feeling  I can't describe. -Like what?  -Like I want her  to steal my food and singe my tail  and burn the remote and sharpen her claws  on my wings. -I know that sounds crazy.  -No, it doesn't. It sounds like  you miss her. I thought I wanted to  spend this weekend by myself, but I don't. I want to spend it with her.  I do miss her. And she's not even  gone yet. Puffers! Guys,  we got an emergency. I know! This thing's about to fall again, and it's my turn. No! A Gregoria-sized  emergency! -[happy trilling] -That's right. Gregoria's back. What do we do? Gregoria's now attached to Puffers, and Dr. Paquette is due back any minute. Oh, she's gonna be devastated  when Puffers leaves. [sighs]  I know the feeling.  Goodbyes are hard. I'm not looking forward  to leaving either. I just wish I could  take all of you with me  back to Transylvania. You can't take all of us, but maybe there's a way you can take one of us. [Gregoria chuckles]  Choo-choo! The Gargoyle Express is now  pulling into the station! -[trills happily]  -I'm not sure how you did it, but you've melted this  gargoyle's heart of stone. I know I'm not  your real mama, but I'll be  your pretend mama  any day. -[Nanpire chuckles] Oh!  -Gregoria? Let me guess. Dr. Paquette's here  to take Puffers away. Actually,  what do you think about Puffers staying  in the family? Staying in the family?  Like-Like our family? Puffers needs a home,  and Nan could use  some company, so... what if Nan adopted her? -You'd do that?  -Pennsylvania may not be a great place  to raise a dragon, but Transylvania is,  and I have more  than enough room. That way you can visit  Puffers whenever you want. -Whenever I want?  -Of course. She's practically  like family now, and I sure could use a bit more  of that in Transylvania. What do you say? I guess it's up  to Puffers. -[trills]  -I know Nanpire doesn't give as good of gargoyle rides, but between us,  her cooking is way better. [trills happily] I think she likes Nan. -I think she does too.  -[Demi gasps] And she's giving you  little dragon kisses! [chuckles]  No. She's just tasting some of my world-famous  boo-lognese sauce. But I'll take  the affection either way. -Got everything?  -I sure do. Remember,  she likes ogre omelets  and TV remotes. Oh, also, you might want  to get her a scratching post. [sad trills] [choking up]  Goodbyes sure are hard. Then it's a good thing  this isn't goodbye. It's just "see you soon." I like that  a lot better. I do too. [Puffers trills contentedly] There it is! Oh, I'm gonna get  that darn ball! [all laughing] [Vampirina]  "Gloommates." Uh, Vee, didn't you say we were  gonna play badminton? Yeah, that's what I said:  "bat-minton." Now, where's that  shuttle-shriek? -Aha! Here it is.  -[screeching] -[gasps]  -That's the spirit, Bridget. Come on. In bat-minton,  the first monster-- or human-- to catch  the shuttle-shriek wins. When in Rome. Or should I say  "Transylvania." [laughing] Whoops!  Almost had it. This is gonna take  some real bat-robatics. It flew into the house, Vee!  After it! I'm on it. I heard you girls giggling all over the house this morning. -What in boulders  were you playing?  -Bat-minton. Bat-minton?  You should've  asked me to play! I was captain of  my college team at Scare U barely 800 years ago. Ah, they say  I could've gone pro. Uh, Demi, your chair. Huh? [gasps]  Oh. Oh. Oh. It's moving.  All by itself.  Which is odd, and not our usual kind of odd. -Hmm.  -Aah! Not you too! Anybody else having  this problem? -I am.  -Why is this happening? Hmm. -It's all sparkly here.  -Whoa, whoa. Sparkly? Aha! Just as  I brilliantly suspected for the last four seconds,  we've got charmers. -Charmers? -Magical creatures. The cutest. And the most mischievous. These little guys cause all sorts of pesky magic to happen. [charmers exclaiming] -Aah! Wait!  -Whoa! We have to call an exterminator. -[both cry out]  -Wow! Your dress looks  pretty flattering  on me, my spook. Right away! Mama, who did  you call again? The Skelenator. He's the most highly recommended exterminator on the World Wide Cobweb. Boy, even by  Transylvania standards, he's spooky. Um, did you figure out  the problem? Yeah, you got charmers,  all right. Glad you called me  right away. How did magical creatures show up in our house all the way in Pennsylvania? Charmers like to hide  in old magical stuff. They must've stowed away  in your junk when you moved  from Transylvania. Why did he look at me  when he said "junk"? -Well, what do we do? -Ah, I can round 'em up for ya, but I'll have to  tent your house and use some pretty strong  de-spooking magic to get these little guys  back in their nest. You're going to put a tent  over our house? Oh, yeah. Humans do it too,  for normal bugs. The de-spooking stuff  I use is real bad  for monsters to breathe, so you'll have to be out  for two days. [all] Two days? Where are  we going to stay? -[Edna] Yoo-hoo! Hauntleys!  -[all gasp] What are you all  doing out here?  [gasps] Do you have termites?  Potato bugs? Um, uh-huh. Well, that's just awful. We had those little pests  a couple of years ago. [gasps] You'll need  a place to stay. And you can stay  with us! Wow. Really? Of course.  We'll have you all over. Won't we, Wolfie?  Oh, yes, we will. All... of us? I won't take no  for an answer. Edna, that's very  generous, but... Then it's settled.  This is what neighbors do. They look out  for each other.  See you soon! Toodles! I don't know  how Mrs. Peepleson is going to feel about everyone  at our house staying over. Now, Harold, I know  this bed might be a little different from mine, but you'll get used to it in no time. Vee, Mom and Edgar are gonna be back from the store soon. Are you sure we can hide  all your monsters in time? -There are a lot of them.  -We can do it. My family's gotten  pretty good at hiding monster stuff  from your family. [chuckles]  Well, that's true. ♪ We'll put each monster  Out of sight now ♪ ♪ We'll start with Demi  In the walls ♪ ♪ And while I'm there  I won't go flying ♪ ♪ And shrieking as I scream  Through the halls ♪ ♪ Poppy, you have  Nothing to fear ♪ ♪ You won't even know  That we're here ♪ ♪ We'll hide Chef Remy  In the pantry ♪ ♪ Right beside  All the pots and pans ♪ ♪ And, Poppy, you can be  Fairly certain ♪ -♪ He won't knock down  That big stack of cans ♪  -[cans clatter] ♪ Trust me, we will  All disappear ♪ ♪ You won't even know  That we're here ♪ ♪ It will be  Your average human home ♪ ♪ With a silent, frozen  Garden gnome ♪ Oh, brother! ♪ Take Frankenflower  To the attic ♪ ♪ The urge to sing  He'll surely squelch ♪ ♪ We'll hide Penelope  'Neath this blanket ♪ ♪ And let's all hope  That she doesn't belch ♪ [burps] ♪ No monsters now The coast will be clear ♪ ♪ You won't even know ♪ ♪ That we're here ♪ -Yaah!  -Mom! Hello, girls.  We're home. Hmm. What were  you doing up there? Um... [gasps] [nervous chuckle] Just, uh, grabbing  some extra blankets. -[nervous chuckle]  -Hmm. My "weird" sensors are going off right now. [nervous chuckle] -[squawking]  -Hey! Oh, Gregoria,  I'm a wreck! Trying to hide from Edna  and Edgar all the time... I haven't even been able  to take a bubble bath, and you know  how that relaxes me. -How are you doing?  -I'll tell you what-- this garden gnome impression  is not good for my back. Hold on a second,  Edgar, honey. -Aah!  -Gotta hide! I need to water  my bushes. [humming tune] [stifling sneeze] Ah-choo! [gasps] Well,  I can't believe it. Who knew  birds could sneeze? [relieved sigh] Oh, Hauntleys, you didn't have to do  the dishes. You're the guests. You were so wonderful  to make us lunch,  it's the least we can do. What's in the box? This is the fine china. I just brought it down  from the attic. [gulps] Attic? We will use  the fancy plates tonight in honor of  our special guests. -[singing operatically]  -[gasps] What on earth  was that? That was, uh... my dad. Wasn't it, Papa? Of course. I'm trying out for a... big part in a...  a local play. [sings operatically  off-key] Ooh! Well, I admire  your... enthusiasm. Okay, how's everyone doing with Operation Hidden Monsters? Sore, but hanging in there. I know we had  some close calls, but... -[Edna] Anyone using  the restroom?  -[gasps] Hurry! Um, sorry,  Mrs. Peepleson. -Oh, uh, Boris  is in there right now.  -Oh. Someone's in there.  Again. [chuckles] You know, six people  doesn't sound like a lot until you get everybody  all under one roof. But it's fine.  No, it's good. I'm... I'll-I'll just come back. Edna seems  kind of upset. If she only knew  how many guests  she really had. I guess we were so worried  about keeping everyone hidden, we didn't realize that  we might be getting in the way. I think you're right, Vee. But what can we do to make it up to them? I know. How about a Peepleson-Hauntley  game night? Scare-a-rific idea. I'll find Poppy  and start setting up. You guys keep hiding  up here. -No problem.  -You got it. I'm gonna take a nap in Poppy's room. I'll just go back  in the walls and... [gasps] Empty bathroom! -Uh...  -A dog? A wolf? [growling, snarling] I still don't think I'm very  good at monster charades. Come on, Mom.  It's an easy one. [growling] Oh, no! I'm so sorry,  Mrs. Peepleson! Oh, it's all right.  Edgar, dear, why don't you get  the extra-strength  carpet cleaner? It's in the bathroom  upstairs. [sighs]  It's been way too long since I've had  some Demi time. A relaxing bubble bath  is just what I need. Ooh! This ghosty  likes it toasty! Ahh! This is  the afterlife! -[door opens]  -[gasps] Hmm. Aah! Rubber ghosty,  you're stuck! Was that... a ghost? I could've sworn I saw a ghost fly up in here. Oh, no!  What did I do? I can't budge rubber ghosty,  and the water's still running! [water rushing] What in the world  is taking Edgar so long? -[screams]  -Edgar! [gasps] -Great goblins!  -What is going on? Oh, I have no idea. All I know is I am wet, and so is my entire  living room! Was anyone in the bathroom  taking a bubble bath? Uh, nope. Who would be taking  a bubble bath?  Everyone's here. Don't worry.  Mom and Papa will go find  where the water's coming from. Right. We'll find the... the problem. There we go. But... But... the ghost! -You mean this little guy?  -[squeaks] Uh, well, maybe  that was it. Thank you all so much  for fixing that burst pipe before the whole house  was underwater. -What are neighbors for?  -Neighbors and friends, dear. But what about  that water damage? The house is  a monstrous mess! You know, I think we can help,  the Hauntley way. We know some, um, people.  Right, Papa? Ah, you're right,  little Vee. Edna, it's our turn  to help you the only way  a Hauntley can, but you'll have  to be out of the house  for a couple of days. Oh, thank you.  That's so nice. But where will we stay? Here we are,  home, shriek home. looks like  all the charmers are gone. Whew! Come on in, everyone. -Thanks for  letting us stay here.  -That's what neighbors do-- They take care  of each other. So true. And thank you  for recommending a team to fix our house. Uh, who are they, though? All right, monsters,  look alive. Or as alive  as some of you can.  [chuckles] We've got our favorite  neighbors' house to fix, and like Vee said, we're doing it the Hauntley way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 