Air Warriors: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Air Warriors 
 s4e1 - F-16 Fighting Falcon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Air Warriors (2014–…): Season 4, Episode 1 - F-16 Fighting Falcon - full transcript 
 It's fast, it's acrobatic, and it's built to get in your face before you even know it's there. The F-16 Fighting Falcon is the lightest fighter in the Air Force inventory, and ushered in a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ENGINES ROAR] Narrator: Pilots call it the Viper. If you get too close, It bites. Matt Aires: The F-16 can carry every Air to ground weapon that the Unites States Air Force Employs. Narrator: Small, Fast, and agile enough to turn on a dime. Sonny Blinkinsop:F-16 is a great airplane when you're being shot at. Narrator: The F-16 is built to get in your face before your even know it's there. Rebecca Grant: Everything about the F-16 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 was designed for a hard charging, Maneuvering dogfight. Narrator: It's an aircraft that's been fighting, since before it was born. Pierre Sprey: The air force attitude was: We don't want to do anything with this airplane. Narrator: Its goal: Becoming the best multirole fighter on the planet. [Applause] 2003. The United States accuses Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein of stockpiling weapons of mass destruction. George W. Bush: The dictator of Iraq is not disarming. To the contrary: He is deceiving. In March, The US and its allies, surprise Iraq with a punishing air war. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 US bombers drop over ten thousand tons of ordnance into Baghdad. They call the campaign, "Shock and Awe". Donald Rumsfeld: In, in total dominance of the air. And it, it is not air superiority, it's dominance. [YELLING "Allahu Akbar"] The Aftermath does not go smoothly. Iraqis dig in, hard. Victor Renuart: We have a number of areas throughout the country, that are not yet, stabilized. Narrator: Coalition troops patrol the land. To keep watch overhead, they rely on support from the air. Especially, the F-16. The F-16. Small in size, big in versatility. It's the undisputed king of the multirole fighters. Kris: The plane behind me is the F-16 fighting falcon which we commonly refer to as the Viper. The striking snake like features of a Viper snake are pretty appropriate to this aircraft. 49 feet long, with a 30 foot wingspan, the F-16 is the lightest fighter in the air force inventory. What it's missing in size, the F-16 more then makes up for in personality. It can turn, burn, and leave you in the dust, before you even know it's there. Kris:More often then not, it's not just a straight line that wer'e flying. we'll use the vertical, doing loops and split-s's to try and defend ourselves, and hopefully we'll win the engagement and get back home safely. Narrator:Operation Iraqi Freedom. Ten days into the war. Two F-16's cruise 10,000 feet above the northwest corner of Iraq. Edward Lynch:Our mission that night was searching for Scud missiles in Iraq. Lieutenant Colonel Edward Lynch served three tours as an F-16 pilot in combat operations against Iraq. Lynch:You'r going on a six to eight hour missions, just looking around on things on the ground. It's like:"Are we ever gonna' see any action"? Narrator:Not long in their mission, Lynch and his wingman get a call that threatens to test the limits of man...and machine. And all of a sudden, the radios came alive, directing us to some coordinates, that were north of us. They wanted us there fast, so I put the coordinates in, pushed up the power and we flaw as fast as we could. Narrator:Ten minutes later, Lynch and his wingman circle above a chaotic scene. [Gunfire] 30,000 feet below, 500 Iraqi troops surround 52 british special operations soldiers. Lynch:When we got overhead their position, we heard them on the radio. ...We have gotten totaly surrounded! Lynch:You've got this guy who's like: "I'm dying, I need your help now". [Gunfire] British Troops:The enemy now is round us, They are turned out all the lights... We need your help, OK? Lynch:Special ops guys are the guys with tatoos and daggers on their legs, and they don't call for help like that unless it's really bad. Narrator:The soldiers have one request: Get the bombs in, now. The Vipers ask if the gound troops have an infrared strobe. They need to get a read on the troops location. Lynch:OK, turn your strobe on now, strobe on now. Lynch:Wer'e wearing night vision goggles, which require illumination from some light source, and there was no illumination, becasue there was no moon, there was no stars, and there's nothing on the ground, visible. So, I wasn't gonna' be able to visualy acquire them long enough in order to drop a bomb. Narrator:Lynch gives the troops the bad news: Bombs are not going to work. British troops:2-3, I have no strobe, I have no strobe I can't help you If I can't see you. Lynch:It's frustrating because if you don't do something, they're gonna' die. And, so you've got to come up with your own tactics. Narrator:Lynch and his wingman know things on the ground, are quickly getting worse. British troops:We are now on foot! We are now on foot! So they come up with an unusual plan: One that relies on the power of the F-16's engine. Most fighters have two engines. The F-16 only needs one. Smith:This is the F110 GE engine on the F-16 flying falcon. It gives us the ability to take the F-16 into a fight any time, anywhere. Narrator:The engine's power comes from its afterburner, located on the F-16's tail. It produces almost 30,000 pounds of thrust, enough force to let the Viper fly at twice the speed of sound. When the afterburner kicks in, there's no mistaking. Lynch:When you go into afterburner, it makes like an exloding kinda' sound. [ENGINE ROARS] Narrator:If the F-16 flies fast enough, it creats a supersonic boom. A sound that Lynch plans to use, as a weapon. As the F-16 flies, it produced sound waves. As the plane travels faster and faster, these waves can't get out of each others way. When the F-16 breaks the speed of sound, the sound waves become one giant shockwave. [ENGINE ROAR] A sonic boom. If the pilot pulls up sharply from a steep descent, he can make that boom sound like it hits the ground. In Iraq, that noise is exactly what Lynch is counting on. Lynch:I was hoping the Iraqis would think that it's a weapon, coming down and then that would allow, a chance for the troops to escape. Narrator:Lynch counts down to the drop. Then barrels his F-16 fast below the cloud cover. 3,000 feet above the ground, Lynch suddenly pulls up. [Supersonic Boom] The force of the Viper's engine shakes the troops below. Lynch:You're breathing hard, your heart rate's up I mean, it's like you're running a hundred yard dash, in the airplane. [AA radar locking on beep] Narrator:Lynch doesn't have time to find out if his dive bomb works. Suddenly, an ear piercing noise takes over his cabin. It's the F-16's warning system. An Iraqi missile has locked on to him, and it's coming up, fast. Lynch:Now, it's time for me to worry about my own self, to survive. Right now, I have to react. [ENGINE ROAR] Narrator:Deep in Iraqi air space, Lieutenant colonel Edward Lynch, tries to outrun a surface to air missile in his F-16. Lynch:I'm in full afterbuner, so I'm making a hack of alot of racket and now I'm accelerating extremly fast, and pulling up my nose and hope that the missile will overshoot. [AA radar locking on beep] Narrator:Finally, the F-16's missile lock warning stops its whine. Lynch's wild maneuvers, have worked. His next concern, the troops. He calls down to find out if his ruse worked. Lynch:The sound of those engines and afterburner, had allowed the special ops troops to escape. It was an emotional, moment, that I've been part of something, to, to help, someone in need. Narrator:It's not the first time troops have looked for the F-16. In Iraq and Afghanistan, the US air force relies on the Viper for a whopping 33% of its close air support missions. It's a surprising mission for a plane that was built for a specialized purpose: Dogfighting. [ENGINE ROAR] 1965, South Vietnam. Cummunist Vietcong mount stinging attacks against American forces. News Reel Narrator:This is Pleiku, the airbase that was ripped by Vietnamese cummunist guerrillas. Eight Americans died in the attack. Narrator:A low level conflict between the US and North Vietnam, has been simmering for years. President Lyndon B. Johnson, is ready for things to escalate. Lyndon Johnosn: If American lives must end, and American treasure be spilled, Then that is the price that change, has demanded of conviction. Narrator:The US Air force sends its jets, expecting to make quick work of the North Vietnamese air force. They're in for a rude surprise. Rebecca Grant:Starting the the 1950's, the air force put its money In to a string of supersonic jet fighters that were designed to chase down soviet bombers. Narrator:Author Dr. Rebecca Grant, is one of the foremost civilian experts on air force history, and aircraft. Grant:When the air force got to Vietnam, they find that many of those fighters didn't have the agility and maneuverability to match up against North Vietnam's MIG's. Narrator:The air force's main enemy is the soviet made MIG. Small, Cheap, and blazingly fast. In 1968 alone, they take out 22 US air force planes. Grant:In World War II and in Korea, the air force always had the upper hand. But in Vietnam the air force found that it was losing its edge in dogfighting. And to change that, they had to built new fighters. Narrator:The air force races to come up with a fighter, that can hold its own against the MIG's. In 1972 they debut their solution: The F-15 Eagle. Not everyone agrees it's the best plane for the job. Pierre Sprey:The F-15 started out as an air to air oriented fighter. The airplane it graw into, was quite far from that. Narrator:Pierre Sprey was a defense analyst and lead engineer, for the F-16 fighting falcon. Sprey:Extra featers were added, and the F-15 grew by five tons. The air force had taken, what was a brilliant airplane, and they had turned it into a bigger airplane. It was no longer, a superb, pure air to air fighter. Narrator:Enter air force colonel John Boyd. Leading a team he calls, "The Figher Mafia", They're determinted to build the ultimate dogfighter. Sprey:The Real goal of the "Fighter Mafia" was to creat an airplane that was hotter then the F-15, half the size, half the cost, and way better then any fighter in the world. Narrator:In 1971 deputy secretery of defence David Packard Finally pushes the program through. The air force wants more F-15's, But it will take what it get. Sprey:They still weren't happy about getting a small inexpensive airplane. But ofcource if they were as expensive as the F-15, there was no way you could get that budget out of the congress. Narrator:1972. The Pentagon puts out a request for proposals. Five companies submit designes. Air force brass whittle the applicants down to two: The YF-16, built by General Dynamics, and the YF-17, built by Northrop. The air force commissions a prototype of each. A flyoff will determine the winner. The two companies quickly get to work, but the air force isn't making any promises. Sprey:The air force attitude was: This is nice, we're gonna' have a lovely technology demonstration and a flyoff, and then we'll put all that on the shelf. The F-15 was still the apple of the air force's eye. Narrator:1974, Edwards air force base. After two years of development, The YF-16 rolls on to the runway. Rebecca Grant:The F-16 was a visual shocker. This was very diffrent from the snub nosed MIG's, and those heavy jets. The F-16 was a new breed of fighter. Narrator:The F-16 is the first fighter designed with negetive stability. It's made to be inherently, unstable. Matthew Ayres:That sounds a little bit counterintuitive, but what that means is that the aircraft has a very responsive flight control system. The jet is one of the best turning fighters that's ever been designed. Narrator:The F-16 turns so fast, that pilots call it "a rate machine". Maintaining a very high rate of degrees turn per second. These high speed turns, defy the force of gravity. Grant:The F-16 was designed to withstand 9 G's, nine times the force of gravity. That's still the highest number of G's the air force designes its fighters for. Everything about the F-16 was designed for the fighter pilot about to enter a hard charging, Maneuvering, dogfight. Narrator:But before the F-16 can dogfight, it will have to prove it can safely get off the gound. Narrator:At edwards air force base, the YF-16 prototype gets ready to show its stuff. Sprey:The senior test pilot, for General Dynamics was slated to take this airplane out, for highspeed taxi runs. And maybe test the controls a little, on how they handle. Grant:The F-16 taxied down the runway at highspeed. Then the nose came up... Sprey:The airplane started to veer quite wildly, and actually hit the missile on one wingtip, and hit the right tail, quite hard on the ground. Grant:It looked bad. It looked like the pilot was in big trouble, and that that was about to be the end of the YF-16. Narrator:At edwards air force base, The YF-16 prototype for the new air force fighter, careens out of control. The pilot has just seconds to react. Grant:The pilot had great hands. He was able to bring the aircraft back around for a smooth landing, without incident. That test pilot saved the jet, he may have saved the whole program. Narrator:Engineers raced to examine the aircraft. It doesn't take long to identify the problem. Sprey:They had to reprogram a lot of stuff in the engine, so that you could actually handle this thing on the ground without it getting away from you. Narrator:Six months later, The YF-16 must face down a fierce competitor. The YF-17. The results are surprising. John McLucas:There were significant differences in the performance of these prototypes. The YF-16 had many advantages in performance over the YF-17. Sprey:It was unanimous. The YF-16 had clearly beaten the YF-17, and it was a major surprise, of major consequence. Narrator:Defence Secretary John McLucas announces plans to procure 650 of the new aircraft. The air force sends the YF-16 into production. It comes out, the F-16 fighting Falcon. A radically different plane. Sprey:It had all these bomb racks, It expanded the nose, Lengthen the Fuselage a Foot, to put in more electronics and stuff. They more then doubled the price of the airplane, and they added two tons of weight. We had homed the F-16 to be a pure, briliant world dominant, air to air dogfighter. It didn't need any exensive development. Narrator:The modified plane has to prove how lethal it really is. It gets it's chance in a most unexpected place. 1981, Iraq. Ten miles south of Baghdad, French and Iraqi engineers build a nuclear reactor. They call it Osirak, after Osiris, the Egyprian god of the dead. Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein claims the reactor is for research. The Israelis suspect a more sinister purpuse: Making nuclear weapons. Sprey:The Israelis were bound and determined to make sure, that the Iraqis never made any kind of progress in nuclear, technology. They decided that they needed to bomb the nuclear reactor in Iraq. Narrator:The Israelis turn to the newest fighter in the world: The F-16 Fighting Falcon. June 7th. Six F-16s take off from Etzion Air Base, carrying two, two thousand bombs each. It's a six hundred miles journey to the drop point. Grant:The F-16 flew at an extremly low altitude. 150 to 300 feat. This kept the F-16s underneath the radar coverage. Narrator:12 and a half miles from Osirak, The F-16s light up their afterburners. They pop up to 3,000 feat, and release their bombs. [Radar lock beeping] [Ordnance explosion] Sprey:It came off brilliantly. They got six out of the eight bombs within the, within the dome of the reactor. [Radar lock beeping] Just extraordinary. Narrator:The raid makes headlines around the world. Dan Rather:Good evening. The aftershock is begining to mount, in the wake of Israel bombing a nuclear plant in Iraq. Grant:It was such a bold audacious attack, and there, right in the middle of it, was the F-16, actually doing the bomb dropping. Narrator:In the United States, pilots take note of the Viper's performance. They train hard to earn a seat in the coveted plane. It takes three years to become an F-16 pilot. Only the best make the cut. Lynch:You become one with the airplane. It's not you strapping in an airplane, you strap on an F-16. And it will go wherever you wanna' go. Narrator:Where American Viper pilots wanna' go, is where the action is. They'll have to wait ten years to test their skills, in battle. January 1991. Aircraft from 13 countries, gather in the Persian gulf. The Unites States air force sends over 400 fighters. More then half of them are F-16s. Viper pilots know they face a formidable opponent. Stephen Mueller:Baghdad was known as one of the most heavely defended cities in the world. Narrator:Lieutenant General Stephen Mueller was an F-16 flight commander, in Operation Desert Storm. Mueller:We were essentially, gonna' go into the middle of what was described by everybody at the time, as the densest threat enviroment on the planet. Narrator:After Osirak, Iraqi generals invest heavily in their air defenses. They're determined not to let the F-16 beat them again. The Vipers will be meeting a well armed enemy, with a score to settle. Mueller:And so you say, "Well OK, how good are you, that you're gonna' be able to get into that, and survive?" Narrator:1991. Al-Minhad air force base. The third day of the war. Forty F-16s get ready to take of for Baghdad. Their mission:To bomb an Iraqi munitions factory 40 miles south of the city. Mueller:Our goal was to bring this package of 40 airplanes in as close and tight together, and to be able to drop the bomb and hit the target. Narrator:Protecting the factory, Iraqi surface to air missiles, and their radar. The F-16s takeoff. To beat the radar, they take the low flying strategy that the Israelis used 10 years ago, and turn it on its head. Mueller:The plan really was instead of underflying them, to overfly them. The radar would see you, they shoot at you. But then you would essentially by your maneuvers with the airplane, you would defeat that missile. Narrator:Tempting the surface to air missiles is a bold strategy, but will it work? F-16 pilots aren't so sure. Mueller:Becasue we have trained over a decade flying below SAM coverage, now all of a sudden we are gonna' try and fly over the top of them and everybody have been told, "Can't fly over the top". That's a big mental attestant, and I would say a lot of people were nervous about that. Narrator:Lieutenant General Stephen Mueller leads 40 F-16s on a bombing raid to Baghdad. To avoid Iraqi surface to air missiles, they cruise at 38,000 feet. The Iraqis look for the F-16s, take aim, and fire. The F-16s are so high, they have plenty of time to react. Mueller:We're evading several missiles, and you can really tell as you start to maneuver, that it's just gonna' fall out of the sky. Narrator:3 miles from the target, the Vipers put their noses down and dive in, hard. The F-16s strike with pinpoint precision. Within moments, they're gone. The mission is an unqualified success. In Desert Storm the F-16s fly over 13,000 sorties, more then any other coalition aircraft. Mueller: I think people around the world noticed that the precision of our airplanes, was pretty amazing. And that we had a lot of ability to, to destroy lots of targets, very rapidly. Narrator: The Viper proves it can overfly the surface to air missiles, and win. In the next war, the F-16 targets the missiles themselves. [MORTAR FIRE] 1999, Kosovo. [MACHINE GUN FIRE] Serb paramilitaries Roam The Country, targeting ethnic Abanians. The region slips into civil war. In March, NATO putts a plan into action: Operation Allied Force. Bill Clinton: United States forces, acting with our NATO Allies, have commenced airstrikes, against serbian military targets. Narrator: The airstrikes won't be easy. The Serbs have the toughest air defenses that NATO's ever experienced. To face down the missiles: The F-16. NATO brings in more then 200 of them. Sonny Blinkinsop:So as tensions started to pick up, all the airplanes from NATO started to, started to converge on Italy. Narrator: Colonel Sonny Blinkinsop was an F-16 pilot with the 23rd fighter squadron. Blinkinsop: Our mission was to perform supression of enemy air defenses. In other words, our job was to go out, find the surface to air threats the serbians had, and engage then with a HARM. Narrator: The HARM, or AGM-88 High Speed anti Radiation Missile. It adds more firepower to the Vipers already mighty arsenal. Ayres: The F-16 is a very versatile fighter. It can carry every weapon that the United States air force employs right now, that is meant for fighter aircraft. Narrator: To getting close, the Viper has a 20 millimeter Gatling gun. For enemies in the air, an AIM-9 Sidewinder missile, or an AIM-120 AMRAAM. For gound targets, there's more options. Laser guided bombs, or against enemy radar: The HARM. Ayres: What I think makes it very unique is the ability to change missions quickly, So you can have this configured for an, an air to ground attack, then 3 hours later have it configured for an air to air mission. Narrator: The F-16 has a weapon for every kind of enemy, but it has to find the enemy first. May 2nd, 1999. Aviano air force base, Italy. Four US F-16s fire up on the runway. Blinkinsop:On this particular night we were escorting in, ahm, a package, that had two groups: Tornados and F-18s. Narrator: The strikers have a target: OBRVA- Morava airfield on the western side of Serbia. Blinkinsop:The strikers that night were going in to take out parts of the airfield, parts of the hangers, some barracks and some other military targets. So our job that night was to protect the strikers so they could get those targets. Narrator: The four F-16s take off. Three hours later, they enter Serbian airspace. It's time to start hunting for enemy missiles. [AA Radar Lock beeping] Suddenly Blenkinsope's F-16 sounds a warning. Three surface to air missiles are rocketing straight for their formation. Blenkinsop: Even though it's night time you can see them coming towards you because they have a big burn on the back of them, it's like a cigarette, coming at you. Narrator: The F-16s scramble to fly under the missiles, But forcing the Vipers to fly low, as part of the Serbians game. Blinkinsop: They would fire their SA-3's at us, to get us to react. As you lose altitude, you descend into, now the triple A, the high cailbre triple A sites. Narrator: Blinkinsop has to do something, fast. He turns his Viper towards the missile site, and launches his HARM. Blinkinsop: The F-16 is a great airplane when you're being shot at, a, very menoverable, with a, a HARM on board. As it comes off the aircraft, it's like a bottle rocket It's very fast and makes a big plume, near your aircraft. Narrator: 45 seconds later, the HARM reaches its target. It's dead on. Blinkinsop: We don't see any more activity out of that area. And about a minute and a half later, the strikers were in the targert area, and we could see that their bombs were hitting the ground and blowing up, so mission accomplished. Rebecca Grant: When Operation Allied Force, F-16's became the primary tools for finding Serbian air defence missiles, and launching missiles to take them out. The F-16 was just such a adaptable multirole platform, that it was a natural for this mission. Narrator: The F-16 is so adaptable, that it takes on yet another key role. Taking control of the airspace. [SIRENS] September 11th, 2001. Al-Qaeda operatives strike two American cities. It's the deadliest attack ever on American soil. Tom Brokaw: What was once a symbol of Americas might is tonight a scene of utter devestasion. Narrator: Six months later, US forces scoure Afghanistan. Their mission: Find 9/11 mastermind, Osama Bin Laden. George W. Bush: All I want and America wants him brought to justice. That's what we want. Narrator: Navy sEALS and Army Rangers, Patrol the mountains. High over head, the air force's long established multirole fighter:The F-16. Burt Bartley: The F-16s from our squadron were flying two to four aircraft, per day. Narrator: Lieutenant Colonel Burt Bartley, was an F-16 pilot during Operation Enduring Freedom. Bartley: We didn't know what we're gonna' be tasked to do. We were trying to adapt to the situations at hand, based on our experience and training. Narrator: March 2002. High above Afghanistan, Lieutenant Colonel Bartley and his wingman fly their F-16s on a routin patrol. Suddenly they get a call, from two F-15 Strike Eagles. Bartley: I heard the F-15s, call for support for a downed helicopter. I could tell by the sense of urgency, that they needed help, and they needed it now. Narrator: Bartly radios that he is on his way, and ready to take charge. Bartley: When we arrived on station, I took on seat command from the F-15s. It's important to establish who has control of the situation. Narrator: Bartly quicky radios down to the ground troops. In order to come up with a strategy, he has to know where they are. Bartly: I was able to get in direct communication with the guy with the radio on the ground, to determin his position reletive to the enemy. Narrator: Bartly asks the F-15s about their fire power. Each one has two 500 pound bombs. He gives the F-15s the soldiers coordinates and tells them to give it their best shot. The F-15s dive. They release their bombs. All four of them, miss. There's more bad news. The F-15s are almost out of fuel. Bartly sends them home. Bartly: They had overstayed their timeline, They were out of ordnance, we needed the fuel for ourselves, so they returned to Kuwait. Narrator:The Strike Eagles take off, leaving Bartly and his wingman alone in the air. If anything is going to happen now, it's up to the F-16s. Narrator:Lieutenant Colonel Burt Bartly circles his F-16 in Afghanistan, 20,000 feet below, two teams of Army Rangers are under fire from Al-Qaeda. On the ground, things look bad. But Bartly has classified information that the soldiers don't. He has one last weapon he can call on: A Predator Drone. Normally, it operates on it's own This time, Bartly makes it part of the mission. Bartly:I knew he had a very small Hellfire missile, with precision engagement capability. We gave him clearance to engage the target, he shot the Hellfire right into that landing zone. Narrator:The Hellfire missile does the job. It's a perfectly orchestrated kill. The F-16s continue to keep watch. As soon as the coast is clear, Chinooks come in to take the soldiers out. They bring all 41 of the soldiers home. Forward air Control: It's the ultimate mission for the ultimate multirole fighter. Bartly: Is it physically demanding? Sure. Is it emotionally taxing? Can be. But there is no greater satisfaction then you actually use the resources you had at the time, to accomplish something. That's a good feeling. Narrator: The F-16 seems to be at the top of its game. But now, it must get ready for the biggest showdown, of its life. January 14th, 2015. Edwards Air Force base, California. The F-16 meets its replacement: The F-35. The Purpose: To see who has the best stuff. Pierre Sprey:The results were crushing. In not a single dogfight was the F-35 able to either defend itself against an attack from the F-16 or to convert its attack into a kill. Narrator:It's a great performance for a middle aged fighter. But the Air Force isn't swayed. Rebecca Grant:Every time there is a new jet, those who fly the current jets like to talk about how good they are. The F-35 was designed from the beginning as a stealth fighter. That gives it incredible advantages. Narrator:Even the F-16's greatest fans admit that the Viper maybe getting too old for combat. Rebecca Grant:The F-16's are only rated 8,000 hours. Once they approach 8,000 hours, they have to be retired. You're looking at block retirements of F-16's in the very near future. Narrator: In the meantime, the F-16 production line keeps humming. Lockheed Martin has orders from 26 nations. Pierre Sprey:The F-16 was universally viewed as pretty much the best fighter in the world among other countries, and ofcourse that's why 4500 of them were built. Narrator:The Viper was designed for one thing:Dogfighting. But it's become so much more. Rebecca Grant:The F-16 has gone far beyond the expectations of the Fighter Mafia. They are ready for Air to Air, conventional Air to Ground, nuclear alert, Homeland defence missions, strafing, you name it-The F-16 can do it. Narrator:The F-16:A seamless combination of man and machine. For pilots, it's the aircraft they dream of flying. Blinkinsop:I can't imagine any other airplane to fly, it's the greatest airplane, built. Narrator:Versatile, sneaky and lighting fast. The F-16, is a multirole rock star. When you need a plane that can do anything, just call on...The F-16. Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 