Flashpoint: Season 5, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flashpoint 
 s5e3 - Run To Me - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flashpoint (2008–2012): Season 5, Episode 3 - Run To Me - full transcript 
 A criminal picks up homeless teenagers and forces them to commit bank robberies for him. Leah Kerns returns to Team One. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Spike, how close are we to the girl? Halfway across town, like fifteen minutes, tops. But, guys, if she starts moving again-- She's heading south, down to the Lake. Highway's right there, Island Airport's across the way. The only anonymous travel these days is by car. Long term parking lot's anonymous. By the time we get there... It could be too late. Oh, there you are. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 _ I'm feeling good. It's a beautiful morning, the family's all together, everything in its right place. What about you? Everything set? Cards? Bike? Bag? And a positive attitude, that's key. You know, looking back, I was right about all of this, wasn't I? So maybe next time you'll think twice before you question me. All right. Control, commitment, courage. Luck is for losers. I will see you after work. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you. Next please. If you could hold both backpacks and the canteens, that'd be great. You'll still be open around five? Okay. Sweet. No, I'll pay cash. Yeah, it's a-- I'm pretty stoked. It's our first big road trip ever. We're just gonna head south, and keep going till we see the desert. I can't wait. Okay, thanks. Bye. Whoa! Hey! Watch it! Do you even know what you're doing? My dad is George Lowell, okay? He's on the board. Oh, he's on the board, you should have said so. Your asses are gonna be so sued. Huh. Boss, what do you think? I think a little less "entitled rich kid," a little more "I'll tell you whatever you wanna know about our suppliers." Lot of drugs, all product, no precursor traces-- must be a lab offsite. I've never seen that before in my life. Yeah. Heads up! Whoa... think he plays? What, he a running back? Too big. Defense. Ungh! Oof! That kid didn't have a chance. Good to have you back, Leah. Good to be back, Sarge. Thank you. Next, please. Welcome to City Central, what can I do for you today? _ Nice tackle. Thought I'd be rusty after a year. Yeah, well, it's not like you've been slacking. How's your family? Rebuilding, like the rest of Haiti. You know, I always felt bad the way I had to leave, but when I got the call from Port Au Prince... Hey, none of us would've done any different. Hey, listen, we're going to a game tonight-- it's the playoffs-- you wanna come? Yeah, you, me, Jules and Spike, just off center ice, game of the year. It's not like he's excited or anything. I'd love to. Team one, hot call. We got a bank robbery in progress. City Central, College and Bathurst. Winnie, we're two blocks away. Could be the business card bandit. That's the fifth bank in two weeks. Let's move! All right, let's go! ♪ Everybody wants to let it go ♪ ♪ but you can't get away from... ♪ You want another till? ♪ everywhere you turn ♪ ♪ there she is ♪ ♪ just can't stand in the way, no-- ♪ Everybody get out! This is a robbery! Right now! Move it! Move! Out! Out! You! Out of the back! Out of the back now! Move it! You, down! Down on the floor! Spike, Leah, take the front of the bank; boss, Jules, take the west side; Sam and I have the east. Copy that! No eyes from outside. After the last robbery, every bank in the downtown core gave us remote access to their security cams. Yeah? How much was the service charge? Sir? Okay, we got sunglasses, ball cap... that's a match on the business card bandit. Hostage is a teenage female, hooded jacket. Business card bandit's been at large a month. MO is he walks in at opening, hands over a business card, and takes one till. He knows they're gonna hit the alarm, but he's always gone within the three minutes it takes to respond. So what happened this time? Let's just get the hostages safe. We'll figure it out later. Spike, what's the layout? Rear fire doors, no windows. I'll work on the security lock. Sam, Leah, with me; boss, Jules, Spike, take the front. Let's move! That's weird. Business card bandit's never taken a hostage or pulled a gun before. Yeah, that's because he's never been cornered before. Active shooter. We're losing our eyes. Spike, the lock. Working on it. I'll approach the front. Stay on my six, in case this guy tries to make a run for it. Copy that. Team one, I got a 911 from inside the bank. I'll take it. Hello? Is anybody there? This is Julianna Callaghan with the Strategic Response Unit. Who am I speaking with? It's Sarah. He's got a gun, and he says if you don't do what he says, that he's gonna kill us. Oh my God... Okay, I want you to calm down, all right? Calm down. No joy. Okay, I know you're scared, but we're here, all right? Okay. All right, that's good. Ed, I keep trying to override the lock using the phone line, but the alarm relay keeps scrambling everything; you need to open it from the inside. There's gotta be another way in here. Or we just knock a little louder. Strip charges, all right. Good thinking, Leah. Okay, we can try and get him a car, Sarah, but that's gonna take time. Listen, can you ask him again if we can talk with him directly? I'll try. Boss, it'd be good to know where this guy is before we get in. He won't. He says if you don't get the car here in ten minutes, that he's gonna kills us. Oh my God! Okay, Sarah, we're trying. I know he's near you, but I'm gonna start listing off areas in the bank and I want you to tell me when I get to the one that he's at, all right? I want you to say, "that's right." And if he asks you what we're talking about, you just say, "we're going over the demands." Can you do that for me, Sarah? Okay. Good. Front of the bank, behind the teller, main office-- That's right. Main office, west wall. Let's go! Let's go! Oh God. Sarah, what's going on? Oh my God, he has a man! What does he want? He has a man and he's gonna kill him! He's taking him to the back room. Sarah, stay with me. Sarah! I lost her. He's escalating. We're going in. Eddie, we're coming through the front. Hold your ground; he might run to the door. Let's move! Direct to threat. They're rushing the door. - It's okay! Come on, let's go! - Come on! This way! - Stay calm! Keep walking! - You're all right! You're okay! - Come on, keep moving! - Go this way! - Come on, let's go! - Come this way! Stay sharp; he might be in the crowd. Negative. He's still shooting inside. Police! SRU! Clear! It's handgun shells, Ed. The fire set them off. Boss, he's not here, he might be in disguise. Check the crowd. I got a ball cap and sunglasses; he must've ditched 'em. What about the hostage? Did he see where the bandit went? There was no hostage-- who gave us that intel? It's the girl. We're looking for a girl in a green jacket, - Named Sarah. - Jules! Nine o'clock. Sarah! Both subjects on the move! "Both subjects?" Heading eastbound into an alley. Stop! Business card bandit wasn't alone. No. And "he" is a "she." Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com No matching motorcycle on any highway cams. They're still nearby. Guys, let's make a grid, twenty square blocks. Leah, cover north and south routes, one street at a time. Copy that. I'll take east/west. Boss and I'll cover the perimeter. Anybody gets an eye on the subject, do not engage. We'll regroup, we'll form a rolling roadblock. Look at this. She's just standing there, and then, all of a sudden, she's singing, and then the bandit comes over right before we get there. A signal? I don't know how she did it, boss, but I think this girl tipped our bandit that something was up. Business card bandit always knew when to get out. One till, never got greedy, she's a pro. Hold on, Sarge, I'm looking at the tape right now. She took two tills. Maybe it isn't the same pro. Copycat? Might explain why she freaked out and grabbed a hostage. But if the girl signaled her, why didn't she run before we got there? They almost got us. Oh my God, look at my hands. It's okay. Stay focused, stay sharp. You did a good job, Sarah. No, that was just way too close, Maddie. Can we just go now? Can we please just-- That is not an option. That is adrenaline talking. Listen to me, you wanna live the rest of your life in fear? - Just-- - Not being able to sleep at night? - Do you?! - Maddie... 'Cause that is what we're looking at if we don't finish this. Sarah, look up. Look up! What do you see? I see the sky. Good girl. Okay. Take that. Five o'clock sharp It's your only one. Just take it. Go! Maddie! Maddie! Just... Just take this, okay? Just take it. Go. Go! _ Guys, I think I figured out how our girl tipped her partner off. Her mp3 player, it's jail-broken, rooted, it's got this heavy duty police scanner app programmed into it-- she heard us coming. Spike, I thought our channels were encrypted. No, it's encoded-- big difference. We use what's called voice inversion scrambling. It means the band for speech is split into two frequencies and flipped. It sounds like noise on a normal scanner, but if you get the right programming from the right hacker, you can flip it right back. This is a serious operation, guys. Yeah? If it's such a serious operation, how come she used her real name? You sure about that, Jules? When I called her name, she turned around-- couldn't help herself. Gut instinct. Well, I took a chance and I ran through the local juvenile records for ever "Sarah," 15 to 18-years-old, with brown hair, and I found her picture. Sarah Catherine Porter, 16. No criminal record, but she shows up half a dozen times in missing child reports from local foster homes. Mother died, father out of the picture. She's been in and out of the system for years; she's a runner. Sounds like she's had a lot of practice, too. Team one, we just got a report. Car stolen, Sherbourne and Shuter. Subject description, teenage female in a green hoodie. Winnie, get us a make and model on that car. Our girl's running again. I'm on it. Blue Ford, license plate number Alpha Yankee Victor Lima 924. Subject spotted eastbound on Shuter. All right, let's cover those alleys. Spike, Leah, take the first. Sam and Jules, the second! Sarge and I are right behind you. Jules, she's coming right at you! She's not stopping! Ahhhhhh! Show us your hands! Show us your hands now! Sarah, where's your partner? Yeah? Pete? I'm so sorry. Uh, the cops were right there somehow, and Sarah's gone. I don't... I don't know how this happened, but I did stash the cash and I'm back downtown. It's okay, Maddie, we're here for you. We'll meet you at the corner. You know where? Yeah. Good. Be right there. You got something to say? You know, this is what happens, boys. You let down your guard, and then you trust people, and then you get soft. And that's what makes it so much harder... to cut the cord. Sarah, do you understand what I just said to you? Look, I'm guessing the last thing in the world you want to do is turn on your friend. You want to keep her safe. You want to protect her. Believe it or not, that's exactly what we're trying to do here. You guys had a solid run, but now there's officially a firearm involved. We know your partner's a girl. Every cop in the city is looking for her. It's just a matter of time before the situation escalates and someone gets hurt. Sarah, that's the third time you looked at my watch. - Somewhere you gotta be? - No. She speaks. No. Okay? I don't speak. I can't speak. You think you get it and you don't. You don't know Pete. Who's Pete? I can't... You don't know what he'll do. Okay. Let's just start with a name. Pete Joris. Good. That's good. Pete Joris. You get that, Spike? J-O-R-I-S. Can you tell me about him? He takes care of us-- me, Maddie, a few other guys. We all live together. Maddie. Does he know about the bank robberies? Does he know about them? Who do you think makes us do them? This is what he does. He... he takes kids off the street, makes them work for him-- steal, run scams. Rob banks? Maddie says he has eyes everywhere. Friends on the force, the courts, the street. You can't go against him, you can't run. Once you're in his family, you're his. Now, are we sure we're gonna buy this after the bank routine? Well, Pete Joris is definitely for real. Check your PDA's. "Fraud," "aggravated assault." Okay, here we go. Nine years ago, "contributing to the delinquency of a minor." Sounds like his MO checks out too. Well, there's more. He was up on charges two years ago. "Amanda Turner, seventeen years old, found shot in the Don river. Joris is accused of killing her after she threatened to go to police about a debit card swiping operation of his." "Anonymous sources claim that Joris shot her in front of his own crew, and made them watch as she bled out, as a warning." But it looks like he walked. Lack of evidence; no one was willing to come forward. Oh no. What is it, Sarah? You scanned it in. He's... he's gonna see it on his scanner. He's gonna know that I ratted on him! Sarah, as long as you're with us, you are safer than anybody else in this city. He's gonna kill Maddie! Tell us where Pete is and we will go get him. There's a dead drop that we use, in case we're followed and we need to hand stuff off. Maddie will have dropped the stuff off by now and Pete will be on his way to pick it up. Where is it? It's by the underpass, near Madison Park-- in an abandoned hydro box on the east side. Let's move. Madison Park, let's go. We'll get intel on the way. We need someone to hand Sarah off to Children's Services, while the rest of us try to intercept Pete. No problem. Let me drive. What're you thinking? I don't know. Maybe I can get her to talk. Keys. So, you blow the job and you ditched your partner. Is this how I taught you, Maddie? I didn't ditch her, the cops ID'd us as a pair. I told Sarah to split up, we'd meet at the getaway later. Which is what the getaway's for, right-- gassed up, ready to go, passports, everything-- in case we ever needed to disappear? Is this you talking back again? This is me trying to be smart, Pete, like how you taught us. We got almost double this time-- ten thousand dollars at least. We can go get the money right now. We're fine. Yup, we can get the money. But Madeleine, we are not fine. Okay, guys, just got off the phone with Vice. They've had Joris on their radar for a while and he's been using kids for years, like Sarah said. Makes sense; they're vulnerable, needy. And they can't get charged as adults. Any idea how long Maddie's been with him? That's where it gets interesting. Remember the contributing to delinquency charge? Well, the minor in question was Madeleine Sullivan. She was seventeen at the time. She was put in a diversion program, given a second chance. Guess she didn't take to it. She went back to him. What would keep her there-- or any of them? You heard Sarah. Pete locks you in with paranoia. But it's more than that. He gets these kids young, he gives them survival skills, gives them sustenance. The guy gives them a family. That can run pretty deep. Copy that. Switching off now. When we get to the park, you're gonna go with Children's Services. They're gonna bring you to juvenile booking. Is there anybody you want us to contact? You mean someone out there who cares? Aw, gee, let me think. No. Sarah, I know you've gone through a lot of foster homes. Why do you keep running? I have issues. Oh yeah? What kind? Issues with physical discipline-- the carrot and the stick, only not so much the carrot. And the next house, it was... issues with my foster brother's grabby hands. You get it? I get it. Is that a polycarbonate? Excuse me? Your watch. I saw it before. It's glow in the dark, waterproof. Expensive. So what about Maddie? What about her? Just seems like you guys are a good team. What do you mean? I never said that. I'm just saying, it seems like she's got a place in your life. Yeah, well... she's all right. How'd you guys meet? She found me. The last foster home I ran away from, they didn't even bother come looking for me. I lost my bus pass and I'm trying to get home. If you have any change, I would really... thank you, thank you. Excuse me, I lost my pass... have a nice day. Excuse me, I lost my bus pass and if you have any change at all-- Sweetie, that line's so old it has flies on it. Well, you have talent, I just think you need to work a little on your presentation. You know, some eye contact. If you wanna make real money... So she knows what she's talking about. Maddie knows about everything. Does she work with Pete? She brought me to him. Hot meals, a bed, a roof, I was thinking, "this is too good to be true." Nice. You could do a little better, but this is looking good. This is looking good. Bobby, Walt, Stu. Give me a little somethin'. You should have seen them. Serve it up. That's what I like about this. When Pete was proud of you, you feel like you can do anything. I'm on my way out. And Maddie... she was his golden girl. My God! He said to me, "you watch and learn 'cause she will teach you everything you need to know." 'Kay, see you later. - Be safe. - Bye, Mads. So she hid everything in her belly? Yeah. A special opening. You can only... wait... you're not gonna bust me for this, are you? Sarah, I think a "bank robbery" is enough to worry about right now. Grab the money and be right back. The boys can get it. Make sure it's all there, Bobby. You don't trust me? Get in the front. When is the last time we had a good little chat, just you and me? You said something about "too good to be true." Was that Pete? Yeah. Pete is your best friend, your biggest fan, so long as you do exactly what he says. The business card bandit-- was that his idea? He said it was gonna be the biggest jackpot ever! You're gonna be the lookout, Sarah, Maddie's the lead. You'll time it out with stopwatches-- Pete? Can I talk to you for a sec? We can talk here, we're all family. Yeah, no, it's good, and I'm totally up for it, I just... there is a gun involved now and I'm not totally sure that we should be putting Sarah in the middle of this. I have faith. Yeah, faith is good. Um, it just kinda seems like we're the ones always risking our asses, whereas you're not really doing much-- - Ungh! I'm sorry, did you have something to say? She's just a kid-- Come here. It's okay, kid. It's okay. You see, she just doesn't have the same faith in you that I do. I give you food, shelter, clothing, and career training. And what do I get? I get back-talk and bad attitudes, just like I got from Amanda. Let's not forget what it took to clean that mess up. No! That's awful, Sarah. I'm sorry. Did you and Maddie ever think about getting away? She said she was sorry. Sorry for what? For everything-- for getting me into all of this; bringing me to Pete; for finding me in the first place. And I said to her that I wasn't sorry and I never would be. I said that we could run the scam. We could do the moves, we could work the stopwatch just like Pete said... I'm sorry. And that we'd be okay as long as we were together. Why are you sorry? And then she asked me if I'd ever seen the stars. What stars? Like the real stars. Not like the ones in the city. The ones... the ones in the desert that spread right across the sky. She promised me that we'd see them and that we'd see them together. You know what, Sarah? Maddie's right. You are special. You're smart, you're loyal, you're tough. But you should know that after this is over you guys are gonna be apart for a while. What I'm trying to say is... have you thought about life without Maddie? What you want? Where you're going? Please stop talking now. So I bet you think this proves you right, huh? When you said Sarah wasn't ready; that she didn't have it in her or whatever. The hardest thing is knowing when your kids have to be helped and when they have to be pushed. Pete, we're not your kids, we're not family. We never were. We are what I say we are! We're at the west end! Hydro box is 400 meters past the park, heading east. Stealth approach; fast and quiet. All right, let's fan out. Stay out of sight till we get to the drop off. That's the one. Do a fast count. 300... 2... So when we find Maddie, I'll get you a message, okay? Come here. Listen, when I was a kid I was pretty messed up too, but I had this friend who used to say, "if you're gonna run, run straight to me." So the next time you feel like taking off and Maddie's not around, you can call me. In the meantime, never hurts to know what time it is. Nine grand... all right. Let's get back before Pete freaks out anymore. Police! Stop right there! Go! Go! Go! Right there! Stop! Stop! Do not make her go after you, pal. Trust me on this. Stop now! Spike, take him down! Less lethal. Son, I'm really tired of runnin'! Really tired! I want a lawyer. Where's Maddie and Pete? Look, we know about Pete, we know about the bank scam, we know about Maddie and Sarah. Now where are they? You know, don't think I haven't noticed. You've changed since Sarah joined us. There's a lack of discipline and focus. It reminds me of when we lost Amanda, why we had to go there. What the hell is going on? Jules, what's Sarah's status? In custody with Children Services. We got Sarah in custody. Now where's Maddie, huh? Where's Maddie? Pete do anything to her? Pete didn't do anything to Maddie. Maddie called Pete, brought us here for the money. It was her idea. Her idea? If it was her idea to bring Pete the money, why stash it here? Wait... unless they planned the whole thing. Well, the police scanner, the disguise, the getaway-- that was the plan. No, that was the old plan. They changed their MO. They took two tills when they knew we were coming. Here, sit down. Why not just run? Unless they wanted to get caught. What, they botched the heist on purpose? A calculated risk. Botch the heist, stage an escape, split up and then drive around until we catch Sarah. Maddie's taking Pete to the exact same spot. So we can get Pete off their back once and for all. That's why she opened up to us, that's why she kept checking my watch; they timed it-- the whole thing. They both played us. Cops are here. They're gonna find the money, find you, and put it all together. You could have just let her go. Maddie, this is a big mistake. I have friends everywhere and they'll find both of you. You know what happens if you turn rat. Yeah, I guess I do. This is for Amanda. Shots fired! Coming from the north. Let's move! Let's go! Eyes on one individual, car has the same description as Pete's vehicle. Open the door and step out slowly, hands where we can see 'em! Get out of the car now! We need a medic! We need a medic now! Maddie, we're getting you help, but we need to know if it was Pete who did this to you. He shot me... She's bleeding internally-- we need to get her out of here! Pete knows... What does Pete know? Sarah, where she's gonna go. Where is Sarah going? The getaway. She's going into shock. Move! Move! Definite struggle-- two shots fired. One round went through the window, the other one hit her in the chest. We found this on her. Spike, when can we get Sarah back? - She's gone. - Gone? Children's Services says the first stop they got to, she was out of her cuffs and out the door. There was a hairclip in the back seat with a custom attachment. So Pete knows where she's gone but we don't. We might. I gave her my watch and it has a GPS micro-tracker in it. Spike? On it. How we doing, Spike? One more second. You knew she was going to do this? I knew she'd eventually run; that's what she does. But I had no idea that her and Maddie had that planned out from the start. Impressive girl. Sixteen-- her and her partner used a bank robbery to con the cops to take down their own boss. Impressive or not, that sixteen-year-old is a target now, and she has no idea. We have Maddie's cell. If she still has hers, she might take the call. Yeah, but if she finds out that her best friend's been shot, we have no idea how she's gonna react. If we don't warn her and Joris gets to her before we do... We're getting her location. But we don't have his. Sam, Leah, let's get ready to move. All right, you know Sarah better than any of us, Jules. Your decision. Anodyne Marketing, how can I direct your call? Sarah, don't hang up, this is Officer Jules Callaghan. _ Oh my God... Oh my God... Sarah, don't hang up. Maddie's been shot. She's still alive, but it doesn't look good; that's the truth. We gotta come get you. No... Sarah, I know that she planned the whole thing. The getting caught, bringing Pete to the park-- it was all for you. Who did this? Did you--? No. It was Pete, and he's still out there. That means you're at risk. You get that, right? Maddie said he knows where you're going-- something about a getaway or something? Where is that? A place that we could go if we need to get away fast. Sarah, tell us where that is. We're gonna come get you. No... - Sarah! - No! Sarah, you need us to stop him. He is armed, and he's a killer. If you try to confront him, I promise you-- Can you promise me that Maddie will be okay? Can you promise me that you'll kill Pete? Sarah, tell us where he's going and we're gonna stop him. No. We promised to protect each other, and as long as he's out there-- Sarah, no! Sorry. I forgot a few things. No problem. I'll-I'll take one of those hunting knives. Spike, how close are we to this girl? Halfway across town, like fifteen minutes, tops. But guys, if she starts moving again... We need to know where the getaway is. She's heading south, down to the lake. Highway's right there, Island Airport across the way. They know we'd flag the flights if they're on the run... The only anonymous way to travel these days is by car. Long-term parking lot's anonymous, and it's got like five different highway entrances. How many lots do we have to choose from? Seven. Spike, where's that signal? Thompson lot, left at the next lights. But guys, it's a multi-story lot. GPS is only gonna give us the location in two dimensions. By the time we get there... It could be too late. Okay. Me and the boss have levels three and four. Spike and Leah take levels five and six. Jules and Sam, you've got levels seven and eight. Oh, there you are. Shots fired! Where from? Hard to tell-- sounded far. Upper levels! Aghhhhhhh! You bitch! Come here, bitch! Sam... Driving as fast as I can! Wait a minute! Stop! Stop the car! You can look if you want. Subject down. Sarah... Sarah. It's okay. Everything is okay. I couldn't do it. You couldn't do what? I couldn't kill him. I had him. I had him, but I couldn't do it for her. You know what that means? - What? - You can go to see Maddie now. Okay? Come on. Okay. ♪ When all the stars ♪ ♪ they fade into black ♪ ♪ and leave you without a way back ♪ ♪ Well, hang on ♪ ♪ there's always a road ♪ ♪ It just takes some time ♪ ♪ to trust in a dream ♪ ♪ There's light in a place... ♪ You all right? Sarah was lucky you were there today. Yeah. What's wrong? I was just thinking about when I was sixteen and uh, it was after my mom died, I was a little lost. There was this one night when I drank all my dad's beer and took his truck. About five miles out of town, I get pulled over by this cop, Officer Mary Fallon, and she didn't arrest me. She brought me home, didn't wake up my dad. She just sat me down at the kitchen table and she talked to me until the sun came up. She made a difference. She really did. I wouldn't be here. So now you're wondering what she would do in your shoes? Yeah. I think she'd go see Sarah, let her know she was there. That's what I'm thinkin'. Come on, I'll take you. You have the playoffs. Ahh, playoffs happen every year. ♪ Days to recall ♪ ♪ Days to recall ♪ ♪ Yeah, those those days to recall ♪ ♪ Days to recall ♪ ♪ They're awaiting us ♪ ♪ all those days ♪ ♪ those days to recall ♪ ♪ To recall ♪ ♪ Awaiting us ♪ ♪ all those days to recall ♪ Sync and corrections by n17t01 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 