Freakshow: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Freakshow 
 s2e5 - Florida Freakshow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Freakshow (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Florida Freakshow - full transcript 
 Todd and the Freakshow family head to Gibsonton, Florida, a town that had once been the winter home for carnival and sideshow performers across the country. At the airport, they are greeted by Grady "Lobster Boy" Stiles. As an expert on freakshow lore, Grady offers to give everyone a tour of the legendary sideshow town. First up is the Showmen's Museum where the group sees vintage ferris wheels and photographs of famous sideshow performers. Next is Al Tomaini's Giant Camp and then the Showtown Bar, where they meet living legend, Ward Hall. Known as "King of the Sideshow", Ward is also the owner of the traveling World of Wonders show. In an attempt to "bring a little magic back to Gibtown" Todd suggests that the Venice Beach Freakshow and the World of Wonders come together for a one night only spectacular sideshow event. The next day, The Freakshow members get to work setting up the banners and tent for the big show. Meanwhile, Amazing Ali learns how to perform a fire breathing stunt under the watchful eye of famous fire breather Red Stuart. Before the show, Ward regales the group with tales of his days performing the "Fighting Lion" act and dubs Todd "the savior of the sideshow business." Just before showtime, heavy rains begin to flood the sideshow grounds and threaten to make the big day a wash-out. Luckily, masses of people still turn up for the event. Amazing Ali pulls off her big fire breathing stunt and Red Stuart wows the crowd by swallowing an 8lb car axle. The show goes off without a hitch and Venice Beach Freakshow and Ward Hall's World of Wonders prove that the sideshow is still alive and well. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Right now on "Freakshow". I've been invited to Gibsonton, Florida, Gibtown, USA, by the king of sideshow, Mr. Ward Hall. For one night, if we could join forces. Give Gibtown a show that they haven't seen. I don't know about that, now. I want to learn fire breathing. - I'll teach ya. - Wow! It's gonna ignite the fumes in your face. ? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Holy shit, Tommy. - Yeah, be careful. That's deep. I'm just worried if people gonna show up? Oh, man. Folks, today, you will witness the strangest creatures on earth, the living wonders of the world, and the most amazing people on the planet. They're all inside. What you thought was a myth, you will see with your own eyes. Welcome to "The Freakshow." "Freakshow," baby, let's get it. ? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We are here! - Oh, my God! - Are you ready? - So ready. - Yeah! I've been invited to Gibsonton, Florida, Gibtown, USA, by the king of the sideshow, Mr. Ward Hall. It's a special town that was created by show people, and I've decided I'm bringing the whole "Freakshow" family right to the mecca of the midway. - I think we go this way. - Yeah, we go through here. - [Screaming] - There he is! - All right, guys. - What's up! Grady Stiles III, is the son of the original lobster boy, one of the most iconic, side-show performers in history. Grady has a condition called "Ectrodactyly," where he was born with hands and feet like the claws of a lobster. Grady is one of the biggest experts on Gibsonton. - Get in here. - Good to see ya. - It's been a while, man. - Welcome to Gibtown. So, you're gonna show us around, huh? - Yep. - All right. Got a few things I wanna take ya to. - I wanna see everything. - Oh, yeah. I am so excited to see Gibsonton. It's like being at Disney World. Like, this is a dream come true. - Hey! - Hey, how are ya doing? Good... I'm Todd Ray from "The Venice Beach Freakshow." - Todd, it's good to meet ya. - It's so nice to meet you. You wanna show us around a little bit? Sure. ? Gibtown, USA, a place where the half lady and the monkey girl could get their hair done, while the little people ran the sheriff's department. The Ferris wheels were actually the first Ferris wheels invented. What year do you think this was from? - Nineteen-o-three. - Wow! ? Al Tomaini was one of the most famous side-show giants in history. He was also one of the first people to set up his home in Gibsonton, Florida. He built the giants' camp, and he helped turn the community into a safe haven for Freakshow performers. ? You can walk through Gibtown any day, and you're gonna see, Priscilla the monkey girl, Emmett the alligator skinned man. - Yeah. - I mean, all of 'em. There would be a little person in their house, next to a giant in his house, next to the half lady in her house, next to a lion tamer. Wait... where is everything? So, we're on this... the piece of land here, this was the site for the camp? Yeah, there used to be a lot more here to the giants' camp. Yeah, a lot of history here. It's a little sad that all that's left of Al Tomaini's giant camp is this boot, this monument, and this little building. It actually makes me wanna bring a little magic back to Gibtown. Now, we're gonna go over to Mr. Ward Hall, king of the side-show... you know him. Oh, yeah, probably the only real side-show man out here that's still around. And even when I was opening "the Freakshow," he was the first guy I called for advice. He told me, "have a lot of fun with it." "But, at the end of the day, get the fucking money." Make that money. [Laughing] ? - Hi, how ya doing? - I'm just great. Ward Hall has invited us to the infamous, showtown bar to hang out with his partner, Chris, and some of their side-show performers, including the legendary sword-swallower, Red Stuart. What is your favorite act? Swords... always has been swords. Do you do fire breathing? I do what we call fire blasting. Fire breathing or whatever... it's an art all of its own. I want to learn fire breathing. Being at "The Freakshow," just being a little person, I feel like it's not enough. I want to learn to blow fire because I saw a picture of a little person doing a fire stunt, and it inspired me. I wanna be a little person that actually does something. I'll tell you what... if you really wanna learn how to do fire blasting, I'll teach ya... how's that? Oh, that would be great, a dream come true. I think it's awesome that Ali wants to do a stunt. You rarely get to see little people performing stunts. I feel like I'm gonna be in good hands. That's great. ? See, now, I'm telling ya... we're doing the old style show. Like, we're really bringing that back. I would be so proud to have your people. - They are really great. - Yeah, they really are. Oh, yes. Ward Hall's "World of Wonders" show is the last traveling side-show in America. This man is my idol. The glory days of Gibtown might seem faded, but I wanna take action. I think it would be really amazing if, for one night, we could join forces. Give Gibtown a show that they haven't seen for 30-40 years. ? I... I don't know about that, now. I think there'll be a lot of challenges. That's a big step, yeah. ? I think it would be really amazing, if we could join forces and give Gibtown a show that they haven't seen. I don't know about that, now. Ward Hall's "World of Wonders" show is the last traveling side-show in America, and I don't think they've ever done a show in Gibtown. So, if we could convince ward to do this, we could bring some much needed attention to this historic site. We're trying to keep a tradition alive. Ward, if you're... if you're having doubts... Well... Our side-show just closed at a fair, and we've got a couple of days open. That would be great. It's gonna be one hell of a night. It'll be one night that we bring Gibtown back - to its glory. - Let's do it! - Let's do it. - Let's do it, fellas. Let's do it. So, now "The Freakshow" and the "World of Wonders" side-show are gonna bring wonder and amazement back to Gibtown. [All laughing] ? Ward Hall's crew is putting up the tent and the banner line for the big show, and I want my team to see how hard it is to do this. This is what it takes to put on a road show. They're putting in their work, right now, and I thought we might even give 'em a hand. - Definitely. - Awesome. ? Don't forget Red's in his 60s. - Let me see it. - Go, chief. Go, baby... you're chopping your wood. Go, chief... go, chief! "World of Wonders" and "Venice Beach Freakshow," we both do, like, show, after show, after show, but they get to travel from fair to fair, and they have to set up all... the whole tent, and the whole banner line, and all that stuff. And I don't know... l just think that's really cool. I'm trying to convince my dad that we should travel. Otherwise, he better be careful because I might just run away. Did you see me... l had that down. That's great. Okay, Ali, you ready for your lesson? I am. I know that fire breathing is really dangerous. Anything could go wrong, at anytime. So, you wanna have a fire extinguisher handy, here. Okay. - You got a washcloth, here... - All right. For a wipe. I don't wanna light the torch yet - 'til I get that in my mouth. - Okay. I'll step back. Wow, that was a good one. Wow! I am glad that Red has decided to have me use water first, before I actually do the real thing. So, you take your mouth full of water. Spray. And also, the slight wind is coming back this way. So, you might wanna turn. If you go to do it for real and that back draft is coming in, it's gonna take your hair. See? Now, there's fumes coming off your face. This here is not gonna have a bottle of water in it. It's gonna have a lit torch. Hmm. The fumes are right here, in your face. Mm mm. So, it will take your eye-brows, your eye-lashes. There you go, but every time you blow, wipe. - Oh, that's right. - Blow, wipe! I'm forgetting that. Fire breathing is really dangerous. And sitting here with Red and going through all the things that can happen, it's really becoming overwhelming. Close the mouth, immediately. You don't want a backlash. With fire breathing, you have to practice a lot. There's so much to take in and not enough time to learn it. There's so much to remember, Red. There is... l know. But, if you're not taught right, you can get yourself or put - a whole building on fire. - Oh, my gosh! It is nothing to mess around with. When I was 19, I was doing an act, the fighting lion. "You're going to see this huge African lion," "a lion that is so mean, it has already killed three trainers." "And today, this young man is going to go unarmed into that den..." "The untamable fighting lion act." To be in Gibsonton, at Ward Hall's home, to hear his stories is actually a dream come true. He's got history in his heart. You are the savior of the side-show business. You're gonna keep it going. That gets a hug... thank you. Thank you... that means more to me than the... all the money in the world... - Well, it's true... it's true. - Thank you. Everybody, gather up... now, listen. "The Freakshow" hasn't been in town for a long time. But, tomorrow night, it's gonna be here. [Cheering] We decided to go to the nearby town of Ybor city to promote our combined shows and get the people of Florida out to Gibtown to show 'em what an amazing place it really is. You're gonna meet the little lady from L.A., the rubber girl, Asia Ray... folks, this is Creature. He's the most famous body modified man in the world. A hundred and fifty piercings just in his face alone. Now, I don't know if you've ever heard of the lobster boy. This is actually his son, Grady. This is why they call him "the lobster boy." Now, folks, right here is Jessa, a real woman with a real beard. This man we call "Morgue" because if you do what he is about to do, you're gonna end up dead and in the morgue. One, two, three... come on, folks! [Cheers and applause] Oh, my gosh! There it goes, right through his mouth. Look! Get a photo... hurry, while you can. Some show tomorrow night. Our little field trip to Ybor city has been a huge success. And if I know crowds, and I think I do, there's gonna be a huge turnout in Gibsontown. Yeah, my boy, baby... ha... ha! Just hit it hard and fast and then, wipe. [Spitting] You're getting drips of water down here, so it tells you that you're gonna be getting drips on your face. You wanna make sure that your mouth is dry. Today is only the second time that I've practiced this stunt. I have to do this tonight. I'm still only practicing with water. But, the main thing is, I just don't wanna burn myself up. Hey, Asia... what's up? - [Sighing] - So? You know, I mean, I feel like I have to hurry up - and master this. - Yeah. Like, it's a lot to remember, you know? And then, the taste. Oh, 'cause you're not used to that. No, I've never tasted it until just now. I forgot about the fact that it tastes disgusting. - Yeah. - Yeah. It's definitely, uh, quite an interesting taste. Yeah. I want, like, you know, big flames, and they're kinda small, right now. I mean, I know I'm small, but still, you know. I know... you want, like, it to be like, whew! But don't worry about the size of the flame. 'Cause, first of all, it takes time to get that... to build your skill. Also, the nature of this business is to just keep going. Yeah, yeah, I know you've been there, you know. You definitely got it. After talking to Asia, she made me feel so much better. She knows exactly what I'm going through. So, I'm definitely looking forward to tonight. I think it's awesome that you're stepping it up like that. And you're making a really giant leap with br-breathing fire... oh, Ali! Asia, you're so sweet... thank you. I'm so excited. [Thunder rumbling] ? - Hey. - Hey, what's up, Todd? Have you got your bathing suit? Holy... l thought it was wet out there. - A couple lakes out there. - Holy shit! Of course, it would happen today. Yeah, the day of opening, that's when it's gonna - flood your tent, so... - Oh, man. We're just a few hours away from show time. And wouldn't you know it? The damn rain is falling like crazy. All right... so, listen, y'all. The rain has hit, okay? We see the mud and everything. I don't even know if the show is gonna pan out, okay? So, y'all come give me a hand. - I wanna get this cleaned up. - Let's do it. The rain might be falling. The tent might be full of water. But, I'm gonna do everything in my power to make sure this show happens. I just pray we're not the only ones that get to see it. ? Of course, it would happen today. Yeah, the day of opening, that's when it's gonna - flood your tent, so... - Oh, man. It's been raining for hours, now. The tent is full of water literally this deep, and I don't know if we're gonna be able to pull the show off or not. I'm ready to do it, but I don't know if people are gonna show up in the rain. Wow, I didn't think it would be so wet. Yeah, this is real deep... be careful, there. So, you're gonna put some wood chips? Yeah, put some wood chips down and... to soak it up a little bit. ? The rain trickling down, but the people are pouring in. Old people, young people... they're all showing up. You can't stop the curiosity and the wonder of "The Freakshow." The "World of Wonders" sideshow is joining with "The Venice Beach Freakshow" for one night only, and you made it... are you ready? [Cheers and applause] First up, the littlest lady in Los Angeles. Give it up for amazing Ali. [Cheers and applause] I'm about to blow fire in front of hundreds of people. It's still raining out. The wind is all over the place. I really hope I don't fizzle out or that I set my hair on fire. Watch this little lady breathe fire! Go for it whenever you feel ready. - There you go. - Wow! Yeah, come on... make some noise! That's my girl. Blowing fire in front of this crowd, in this historic town, felt amazing. I can't wait to do this back at home. It is show time... come on in. Now is the time you gotta see it all with your own eyes. This is the one you've been dying to see, and it's about to begin inside. - One, two... - Off with her head! ? I'm watching sunshine eat fire, and she's amazing. It's cool to see the difference and similarities of how we each eat fire. A whole human being through a tennis bracket, as he dislocates his shoulder, moves it down his body, and the shoulder makes everybody cringe, but this is the part that makes the men cringe. Give him a big round of applause. Let's hear it for Mr. Rash The Clown. This is the way sword-swallowing's done. This here is a model T Ford car axle. It is over 20 inches long and an inch in diameter, and it weighs eight pounds. Enjoy. [Cheers and applause] Red Stuart has such a quirky, eccentric way about him. It's always great to be able to see a performer with passion, live, in person. Folks, give a big round of applause to the man we call "Morgue!" [Cheers and applause] ? [Cheers and applause] ? [Cheers and applause] Give it up for Asia Ray! ? My friend, George The Giant. [Cheers and applause] The girls love him. ? The girls love him because there's so much of him! [Cheers and laughter] It is my great pleasure to have here the greatest side-show attractions in the world today. [Applause] ? To be here, sharing this stage with Ward Hall is a dream come true. I could see the wonder and amazement in everyone's eyes, with all these traditional acts that have been a part of side-shows since the beginning. The lobster boy... And the bearded lady. From the illusions to the performers, this is side-show at its best. I honestly could not thank this man enough, if I thanked him every second of every day of every year 'til the day I die. Give him a round of applause of a king! [Cheers and applause] They told me side-show was dead. But, tonight, we showed them it's alive in Gibtown, USA. - You took me back 20 years. - Did I? Yeah, it was amazing. Come here... give me a high five. - Yeah! - Awesome! I've never seen anything like this in my life. Well, thank you both so much, ladies. Ew, she licked my eyeball! Ew! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 