Freakshow: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Freakshow 
 s2e7 - Giants, Babes and Box Cutters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Freakshow (2013–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Giants, Babes and Box Cutters - full transcript 
 The Freakshow celebrates the history of giants with a "Living Giants" special event. At the event, Morgue wants to perform a new stunt involving a bed of razor blades. To create the razor bed, Todd, Morgue, and Asia visit Rick Lazzarini, a special effects artist. Rick is initially hesitant to build the bed of razors due to the potential dangers it presents but eventually agrees. Meanwhile, George Bell, a.k.a. "The Tallest American," has moved to California and ended his relationship with his girlfriend Diane. He's ready to try out online dating and meets Lindsey for a round of mini-golf. George likes Lindsey, but thinks she's too young and also too short. Todd then sets George up on a date with Amazon Eve, the world's tallest model at six feet, eight inches tall. George and Eve get to know each other over dinner at Todd's house and then in the hot tub. While he likes Eve, George feels that his heart is still with Diane back in Virginia. George calls Diane and they decide to get back together. Back at the Freakshow, the bed of razors arrives. Containing over 700 blades, Morgue will need complete focus and will have to distribute his body weight evenly over the razors in order to pull off this stunt. Even a small movement could result in bloodshed. Later, Morgue calls his mother to ask if she can come to see his big stunt. She has never seen him perform and he hopes that she can witness the freakshow part of his life. Unfortunately, she says she cannot make it. The day has arrived for the giant event. Todd has also brought in Tall Kat, who stands over seven feet tall in high heels, and George the Giant who holds the record for swallowing the longest sword in history. Inside, Morgue prepares for his stunt. He lays down on the bed of razors and places a mirror on his chest. He then uses a brick to shatter the mirror, which he says is a metaphor for destroying parts of his past and entering into a new beginning. He gets up, revealing no major cuts. Todd states that this will be a show the audience will "talk about forever." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Right now, on "Freakshow." We are celebrating the true living giant. [Cheering] Wow! Seven hundred blades. There's no way you're gonna be able to do this without getting some cuts. - [Gasps] - Oh, my God! You could've killed yourself. If something's gonna happen, I might as well do it on the stage. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A bed of razor blades. Wow! Folks, today, you will witness the strangest creatures on earth, the living wonders of the world, and the most amazing people on the planet. They're all inside. What you thought was a myth, you will see with your own eyes. Welcome to "The Freakshow." Did you know he worked on "aliens?" I know... that... that's when I knew he was the man. Yeah, that's one of my favorite movies. - Yeah. - That's crazy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This week, we're celebrating the history of giants in the circus sideshow. Here at "The Freakshow," we always have to have the strange creatures, the amazing people, and the unbelievable stunts, and that's where Morgue comes in. Whoa... this place is cool. Whoa... look at this. - Wow! - Oh, my goodness! That's crazy. - Hey, Rick. - Hey. - Well, nice to see ya. - Hey. - Todd, right? - Todd... yep, Todd. - Hey, Rick. - Morgue. - Yeah, how you doing? - Hi... Asia. I kinda have a specialty item that I'm getting built, and it needs to be really precise. And I think, with your background and everything, you're probably the only guy I would feel comfortable doing it. - Okay, cool. - But, um, it's a, uh, a bed of razor blades. And, uh, that you're gonna do what with? Uh, lay on them. And if I can accomplish this stunt, it'll move me forward as an artist. And I think it would be nice, if my mother could come out and see this part of my life. It's a part of my life that she's not familiar with. She hasn't seen me perform before. It's actually gonna be sorta like these... - Okay. - Old bed of nails. - Right. - But, uh, with razor blades. The bed of nails has always been a staple of the circus sideshow. It goes back thousands of years to the fakirs of India. These mystical men, who could control pain using only their mind. Okay, now it's getting even crazier. That's like a box cutter blade. - Ooh. - These, right? Yeah, yeah. How would you line those up, so they could be so perfect? 'Cause if his flesh goes over that corner... - Right. - It's a instant cut - and... and a serious one. - This is a nice challenge. Um, but I should say, I have... I have a reservation. I'll do it, but on one condition, and that is, you don't hold me responsible for injury, death. Would you be willing to sign a waiver? Oh, yeah, yeah... no problem whatsoever. - Let's get it going. - Yeah, yeah, sounds good. All right, let's do it. If Morgue can pull off this bed of razor blades, it's gonna be amazing, 'cause any mistake could mean life or death for Morgue. When I moved to California, I broke up with my ex-girlfriend, Diane, back home in Virginia. Maybe we need to take a break. If we take a break, you know it's gonna end. Okay. It was a tough decision. You know, because I really, truly have great love for Diane. Even though I miss Diane dearly, but, uh, by relocating here in California, I'm gonna try some online dating and see where that leads to. - George? - Yes. - How are you? - I'm fine... how ya doing? I'm well... wow! You said you were tall, but wow... you're really tall. Yes, I am. I stand 7 foot 8. That's almost three feet taller than me. Well, hey... well, yeah. - You ready to get started? - Yeah. - I did it. - Oh, you... you did it before. Oh! I think this one's rigged. So, tell me, uh, what's your choice of music? I think that, uh, Katy Perry's new album - is really fun. - Oh. So, you are country-western or what? Lizzy, she is a very, very nice young lady. But, right now, she's a little bit too young for myself, and pretty short. I'd prefer a tall woman, for one thing, we see eye to eye. - [Chuckling] - Ah, I got it. - A low five and a high five. - And high five. All right... sweet. ? - Hey, Todd... you wanna grab these curtains? - Hey! - I don't wanna slice 'em up. Ooh, wow! - Oh, sh... hey, Rick. - Hey, how's it going, Todd? - Wow... that looks cool! - Doesn't it look good? Oh, man, you actually did it. Seven hundred and something blades. Wow! Now, you just gotta lay on it. - Yeah, that's the, uh... - That's the fun part. That's the fun part... that's right. Thank you. You definitely did a hell of a job. Yeah, thank you very much for making this. - Ow... s*! - You okay? - Did you just get cut? - Yes. I hate to say it, Morgue. There's no way you're gonna be able to do this without getting some cuts. Well, we'll see and save it for the show. This is a very difficult stunt. I have to have complete focus, and my body weight has to be distributed across the blades evenly. And if I slide even just a little bit, uh, things are gonna get bloody really fast. Well, I'm glad I got my waiver. - [Laughter] - You did get that, right? ? Hey, mom. So, do you think you can make it? You sure you can't come? So then, there's no way? Yeah, I get it... I... I understand. Okay, mom. All right, love you, too. Yeah, it sounds cool. - Hey. - Hey, man. - Hi. - What's going on? - Talking about the event. - Oh, nice. You're not... you're not having second thoughts, - are ya? - No, no. Oh, okay. I was, uh, just on the phone with my mom, you know, 'cause I wanted her to actually come down. - Really? - But... yeah. It doesn't really look like that's gonna happen, - which is too bad. - Really? I was hoping she would, but... Has she ever seen you perform? Um, no. Not, like, in front of a crowd or anything. - She doesn't like crowds. - 'Cause she doesn't like... She doesn't like crowds... no, no. Well, I grew up in Montana, and, you know, it was... it was pretty isolated. We were about 20 minutes outside of any town. And then, we spent a large amount of time in our cabin, which was, uh, in the woods, in a mountain, really. It was just a lot of isolation 'cause, you know, I... We lived there, and I was also home schooled. - You were home-schooled? - Yeah, my... my entire life. - Wow! - So... but, yeah. Growing up, there was a lot of censorship 'cause she's a very, very, very, very intensely religious person. You know, movies, only, like, G-rated movies, and even sometimes tho-those would have to be edited out. - Wow... that's hardcore. - You know, she just doesn't really like being around people, and I can't really say that I blame her. Uh, I don't, either. I'm a little disappointed that my mother isn't going to come out. I would like my family to be able to understand why I've made the choices that I've made, why I've chosen to become who I really am. So, that's why I moved out, uh, just so I could, uh, just work on my stuff. You know, just figure stuff out. Sometimes, the way I look at it is, sometimes things like that happen in your life, and it ends up giving you a great perspective - on the world. - Right, yeah. So, sometimes, you go through those things in life, and you end up in a good place, instead of a bad place. ? - Somebody else is coming? - Yeah. We've got a special performer coming for this event. - Aah. - It's gonna be fun! Well, George went out um a date with a smaller woman. So now, I've set up a little dinner date, with a giantess. She'll amaze the audience at our giant event, and I thought it would be great to see if she and George might make a love connection. ? [Doorbell ringing] - You better go get it. - I'm gonna see who that is. This must be our special guest. - Hi. - Hello! - Nice to meet you... I'm Todd. - How are you, Todd? Come right um in. Wow... what a gorgeous place. Welcome to the house... watch your step. Wow! I'm thinking the same thing, looking at you... wow! Amazon Eve is the tallest model um planet earth. "She stands 6'8" tall, and she's famous around the world. Well... well, Todd, you... you surprised me there. Hello, short person. My name is George... George Bell. What are you standing um? [Laughter] Floor. - My name is Eve. - Eve, I know you, yes. - A pleasure. - Same here. Amazon Eve is a tall... [indistinct] - Are you hungry? - I am hungry. I could eat a small person. [Laughter] Another tallie... I love it, I love it. George was so excited. I really think he was astounded that this beautiful woman was so tall. - To Amazon Eve. - Yeah. To George bell. It was kinda special to see these giants meeting each other for the first time. - Can you hold up your hand for just a second? I... I wanna see your hand. Wow! - Oh, my! - Wow! Look at your fingers. Yeah, mine are an inch or so longer than yours. - Look at that. - Yes. - That's amazing. - You are amazing. ? Oh, there's a jet, right there. Oh, yes. - Put your left foot up. - My left foot? - Put your left foot up. - Bend my knee. Bend your knee, bring your foot up. Ooh... oh, yeah. - There's our feet. - Okay. - Oh, my God! - Yes. [Laughter] I never asked you... are you single? I was involved... heavily involved with someone for... sixteen months. Basically, we're in a stage of... a little break in between. I'm in the same boat as you are. Yeah. I have an interesting relationship, because when I travel, I have, uh, an open relationship. Amazon Eve is a very... forward person. You know, and, uh... She needs to slow down. Yes, I have an agenda. She needs to slow down badly. - So, George? - Yes? How did that go last night? - Man! - [Chuckling] - What'd you think? - Man... hey, she was gorgeous, - and, uh... - Very pretty, right? Yeah, very pretty, but, I mean, I was done, just um the whole... the whole thing. - Wow! - You know, her personality, her sense of humor. The one thing I want you to keep in the back of your mind. And that is? - If you start dating her... - Mmm-Hmm. On planet earth, you two will be the tallest couple in the world. [Laughter] That's right, boss. We gotta get this show going. - All right. - Come um, guys. - Okay. - George, come here. - I wanna talk to you, though. - Oh, okay. So, tell me, honestly, like, how are you feeling? Are you feeling like you're okay with dating, or... You know, the truth is, my heart is still in Virginia, girl. It is... I feel... I feel like it is. You know, it is, yeah. I feel like you wanna say you wanna date, but I feel like you... Diane is my love. Okay? I love that woman. - Aw. - Okay? I mean, meeting different people is fine. But, in the meantime, I'm talking to them, - I'm thinking about Diane. - Aw, George. Give me a hug... you better call her. Yes, I think I will. ? I think it's very pretty... It matches your costume. - Yeah. - Let me see it. Yeah, I think I'm gonna wear it. Yeah, let me see it. I like that it only co... I like that it covers half of my face. - Hey. - Hey. - What's going um? - Not much. How's practicing for your new stunt going? I actually cut myself, uh, pretty bad um my wrist. - You cut yourself? - How bad? Pretty bad... I was trying to, um, lower myself down, you know. - And you hit the edge? - I... I hit the edge, and it was a big gash. I mean, luckily, it didn't, uh, hit there, - or else that would've been bad. - How bad is it? It was bad... I took a photo, 'cause I sent it to a friend to see if I needed stitches. [Collective] Ooh! - Oh, my gosh! - Wow! I think you do need stitches. You definitely need stitches. Getting hurt in the stunt doesn't bother me because the whole point is to have an experience. The pain is part of that. It's... it's... it's part of the process. Uh, it's... it should be there because that's kinda the point. All right, Danielle, you should have that first aid kit ready, seriously, if something like that happens um his back. Yeah. ? Hey... hey, babe, how ya doing? You know, I'm just... I'm just calling... Yeah, I'm just calling to tell you I miss you. Yeah, I... I know... I understand. You know, but I don't think I can live without you right now. You know, I want us to be a couple again. You in? All right... good. 'Cause you just don't know how happy you made me today, you know? - Love you, George. - I love you, too. - Bye. - All right, bye-bye. All right, I got my baby back. Whoo, yeah. ? For this big event, we've got some amazing living giants. Everybody, this is Amazon Eve and Kat. Uh, they're our special guests today. [Collective greetings] Ali, Gabriel, Matt, and Morgue. Hi... nice to meet you. - I don't do hugs... sorry. - You don't do hugs? All right. Handshake is fine. - [Laughter] - Nice to meet you. Besides Amazon Eve, we've got tall Kat. She stands over seven feet tall in high heels. And George the giant, who can do incredible feats of strength. It's gonna be the biggest giant event in history. ? All right, folks, I wanna bring out the amazing people that we are celebrating here today at "The Freakshow." The true living giants! [Cheering] Folks, our first special guest of the day, he stands at 7'3", here's George the giant! [Cheering] Not only does he have multiple world records, but he has one very special world record, and that's the record for swallowing the longest sword in history. - [Cheering] - Yeah, yeah! Wow! Now, our next special guest is a lovely woman. She stands at 6'9". Give it up for tall Kat! - [Cheering] - Give her a big round of applause! Our next special guest is another beautiful woman. She stands at 6'8". She is officially the guinness world record holder for the tallest model in the world. Give it up for Amazon Eve! - [Cheering] - Here she is! Folks, make some noise! This next man, he is the tallest man in America, standing at almost eight feet tall. Give it up for Mr. George Bell! [Cheering] Folks, you've seen this, but wait 'til you see what's gonna happen inside. Come um up here... it's showtime! ? Yeah! Now, folks, this next stunt involves razor blades, and I want you to watch. This is a blade from a box cutter, and what Morgue has decided to create, is this right here... A bed of razor blades. [Collective gasps] ? Now, folks, this next stunt involves razor blades. [Collective gasps] The danger here is that, if he slides this way or that way, he will have all these slices across his entire back. His spine is in jeopardy. His nerves, everything. Morgue? ? Once I lay um this bed of razors... I'm going to have a mirror placed across my chest. I'm gonna raise a brick, and drop it, and shatter the mirror. This mirror is a metaphor for me and destroying a part of myself that I don't believe should be there. This is about destroying past, about destroying an upbringing. This is about a new beginning. ? ? [Collective gasps] Ow! ? [Cheering] Today, we accomplished a great deal. I've always looked at the old Barnum and Bailey pitch cards, when they would have two, maybe three giants. But today, we had four giants. And then, Morgue performed a stunt that was really a piece of art. The man released his emotions from the past, while he risked his life on a bed of razor blades. Ow! It was the show they'll talk about forever, and it happened right here, at "The Freakshow." [Cheering] George the giant, he's got the world record for the most weight on a man while laying on a bed of nails. Go! [Cheering] [Cheering] [Indistinct] Yeah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 