Crash Landing on You: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Crash Landing on You 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Crash Landing on You (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 After talking Jung Hyuk and his comrades into hiding her in his home, Se Ri gets a taste of his way of life. Goo Seung Joon buys refuge in Pyongyang. (Source: Netflix) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CRASH LANDING ON YOU ALL CHARACTERS, INCIDENTS, ORGANIZATIONS, AND BACKGROUND ARE FICTITIOUS 00:00:57,140 --> 00:00:58,809 Se-ri, choose -your dream! -Your dream! Se-ri, grab the flower! Grab the flower! That day, I made a choice for the first time. When others grabbed money or strings, I grabbed my dad's hand. That's right! Grabbing your daddy's hand is the best thing to do! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 As a baby who would grow up to fight over who will be the successor of a huge business conglomerate, I think it was an excellent choice.. SERI'S CHOICE CONTRACT -Congratulations. -Look here, please. Either when things depended on my luck or depended on my sense, I always made the right choices. He said I should go right. That's why even at the crisis of my life, I had never doubted myself. Let's go. Where are we going I believed I'd be making the right choice once again. But this time, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was wrong. Although it was just one mistake, the consequence was immense. Right now, I'm in North Korea. This is an accident. When you're in an accident, you need someone on your side. And the only person I know here and now is this man. I should do well. Oh, my. My goodness. I can't believe we've met again. I thought you went back. Exactly. You must be surprised. I was just as surprised. I lost my way. When I came to my senses, there was a North Korean cow, then some North Korean ladies, and North Korean kids. But I'm so relieved to meet you once again. I knew it. No matter how tough you pretend to be, you're just a man. See? He can't even look me in the eye. He's more innocent than I thought. She sneaked over the Military Demarcation Line without showing an intention to defect. Based on the rules, I must get rid of her. Well, it seems there's always a way to survive. Should I kill her? By the way, is this your house? Is it really? Then can I ask you one question? Do you have food? Should I kill her? CRASH LANDING ON YOU EPISODE 2 Oh, my. Oh, my. What's wrong with my face? Come on. He should've told me if I was this dirty. What is this? There isn't even a handbasin. No, you're fine. This is a good experience. They say things you can't buy with money are the most priceless. This is a priceless experience. I don't know how you guys do it. But in the South, this is what we do. When you are eating at someone else's house, the guest usually offers the first bite to the host. Like this. Open up. We think it's proper for the owner of the house to eat first. It's a part of table manners. Perhaps, that'll help you understand. What's wrong? Are you concerned about what's in the food? In case it's poisonous? I'm sorry if I offended you. But do understand why I'm acting like this. Wouldn't it be more ridiculous for me to trust someone instantly in this situation? You are correct. Right? I'm correct, right? You made an emergency landing at the DMZ, while flying an unpowered aircraft on a windy day. Just when the electric wires weren't operating, you crossed the ceasefire line into this military housing area. I'd be absurd to believe that you're a harmless civilian. Don't tell me that you're suspecting me of being a spy. I'm just talking about the possibilities. Look, here. I'm not a spy. In fact, I'm so famous down there that you'd be a spy not to know me. I'm not disclosing my name because I don't want you to search me up online and be in shock. We don't have internet, so don't worry. Are you serious? You have no internet? That makes it even worse. No one knows that I'm in this off-the-grid village. I'm sure the entire country is stirred by my disappearance. They searched all night, but they haven't found anything. Let's not rely solely on the police. We should hire some professionals and do our own search. Okay. Make sure word doesn't get out. Beware of the reporters. That was the first thing I looked into. And my father-in-law helped us big time. My father called the police commissioner himself. Don't worry. Really? I'm relieved. I heard she was working when it happened. Then her employees who were on the scene are aware of this. What should we do with them? I summoned all of them and made them sign the confidential agreement with the corporation lawyers present. I knew it. You are such a professional. -Don't say that. -Are you having fun? -Mom. -How could we? That's a bit harsh, Mom. Of course it's not fun, Mother. You all look like you're having fun. I'm sure everyone is panicking by now. Also, the reason that this is no laughing matter is that this could create nation-to-nation problems. Do you not get it? I'm talking about possibilities of war. Hello? Once everyone finds out that I'm here, the South Korean government, military authorities, and... even the UN won't stay still. Then I won't let them know. -What? -No one should know that you're here. What are you trying to say? Are you saying that you'll get rid of me before anyone finds out? That is one of the many options. Is that supposed to be a North Korean joke? I'm not used to North Korean jokes yet, you see. That was quite witty, though. I think you misunderstood me there. Right. I think my explanation was too complicated. I'll give you an example. Do you know Heung-bu and Nol-bu? Let's say that you do. What happened to Heung-bu after he treated the swallow's leg? He hit a jackpot, went from rags to riches. And what happened to Nol-bu who tortured the swallow? His family was ruined. What are you trying to say? Tell me. Would you rather be Heung-bu or Nol-bu? Are you the swallow? No. I'm not just any swallow. I'm a very wealthy swallow who pays back her debts. You see... I usually don't say this. Then don't. I come from the 0.001 percent tier in South Korea. High class. From a rich family. My fashion company is listed on KOSDAQ. I'm not interested. This is what I'm trying to say. Just like how Heung-bu took care of the swallow until she could fly back home to Gangnam, I'm asking you to help me. If you do, I'll repay you handsomely. Are you trying to negotiate with me? Yes, yes. That's it. This is a win-win negotiation. -I refuse. -Why? I'll repay your kindness. I won't show you any kindness to begin with. I didn't know you were home and went looking everywhere. I knew you were home when I saw smoke coming out of your chimney. I have good news. We don't need to worry about that South Korean woman anymore. Look. About that woman-- She's dead. Aren't you surprised? I was too. This early morning, there was a collision at Mount Suseok. An unidentified, young woman died at the scene. It's obviously her. -That's not-- -Come on. My hunches are as precise as those of a fortuneteller's. You just wait and see. If I'm wrong, you can chop my head off. -You can leave for now-- -I need to pee. I've been holding it in. Anyway, I'm truly relieved. Eun Dong won't have to face a dishonorable discharge while he's young, and they won't find out that Ju Meok left his post to watch that South Korean drama. I only had a glass of alcohol, so it's not a big deal. But you failed to catch that woman who was right before your eyes. That's quite a grave... How do you chop someone's head off? I've never done it before. Is it like this? You startled me. Captain Ri, what is going on here? It's you, right? You're the one who shot at me. I almost died thanks to you. I thought she died. What... What happened? I must say, South Korea is quite good. How did they send a spy right to this location, a North Korean commissioned officer's house, without making a single mistake? How many times did I say this? I had no idea this was his house, I'm not a spy, and I definitely wasn't sent here. Do you usually have trouble understanding what people say to you and things like that? Captain, do you have a shovel or a pickax? Spare me some time. We have many rivers and mountains. There are countless places where we could bury her in our country. What are you talking about, you sly cat? Bury what? You can bury yourself if you'd like. Hey, you South Korean. I know you're stupid, but do you really not get what's happening here? We don't show mercy to our enemies. I don't think you get what's going on here, either. Won't all of you get in huge trouble if people find out that I'm hiding here? It won't only be me getting screwed, right? What was it again? Eun Dong will face a dishonorable discharge. Ju Meok? He'll be punished for leaving his post to watch South Korean dramas. As for the captain... You'd be revolutionized. TO BE REMOVED FROM ONE'S POST TO DO FORCED LABOR And you, sly cat! Drinking during work hours? You're the worst. Captain Ri, how does that woman know all that? What do you think? Hello. Did you hear about the good news? At Mount Suseok, a young woman-- That's not true. -An unidentified woman-- -It's not true. You must be Eun Dong. Sorry? Who are you? I heard you might face a dishonorable discharge. That means you'll get kicked out. I heard you need this job. They said she died. Exactly. You're Ju Meok, aren't you? What a combative name, "Fist"? Well, I guess a soldier could use such masculinity. Which South Korean drama were you watching when you left your post? Stairway to Heaven. That's an old one. The one with Ji-woo and Sang-woo, right? I'm close with them. Ji-woo used to live a few houses down from mine. Is that true? -Is that important right now? -I'm sorry. Don't just stand there. Come inside. Let's sit down and chat. Come on. Let's make it simple. Just drop me off where I landed. I'll find my way from there. It's bright outside. It'll be much easier. -That's impossible. -Why? Captain Ri, let her be. Let her get fried like roast chicken on the electric wires and say "So this is the danger of high voltage electric fences." How else would she learn? The electric wires were turned off yesterday because the generator was broken due to the winds. But they have fixed it now, so you can't go in there. That's exactly why I'm asking you to drop me off. You're soldiers. It's your turf, right? We just finished two months of duty at the outpost line and returned to our unit this morning. We can't enter the area for a few months. Don't talk so irresponsibly and say that it's impossible. Try to come up with something. There are no other ways. -Burying her would be nice and clean. -I didn't ask you. That rotten wench. What? "Rotten"? Is that how you guys curse? Should I reply back with some South Korean cursing? When it comes to cursing, we're quite good as well. That's enough. Do you really think deciding which country is better at swearing is the matter at hand now? Right. I'm too worked up. Let's talk this through now. So is this the first case of a South Korean landing in North Korea? Isn't there a protocol for things like this? Or a manual? According to the manual, you'd be interrogated by the State Security Department by now. You keep talking about the State Security Department. Is that like a police station or the NIS? I'm sure it's similar. So why didn't you bring me there when you first saw me? I knew it. If I were to go there and spill everything, you'd all be in a pickle. Right? That's exactly why I'm asking you for help. I know you want to deny it, but we're on the same boat here. Okay, Stairway to Heaven, share your thoughts with us. My uncle works as a boat-to-boat man. What? Boat what? -Boat-to-boat. -"Boat-to-boat?" It's when boats meet other boats on international waters. You take a small boat to the middle of the sea and secretly meet with a bigger boat that is going to another country. That's a great idea. Boat-to-boat. Ju Meok, I'll make sure I give you Ji-woo's autograph. Really? When? After the unification. One day, it'll happen. Anyway, so when does he set out? He leaves Jinheung Port every 15 days, so three days later. Three days? Is there a way to leave sooner? Even if I do leave in three days, it'll take me longer if I have to go through other countries and stuff. To be frank, I have a general stockholders' meeting. -Look here. -This is very important to me. It's the most important moment of my life. Let's make something clear. You're the reason behind all of this. You're the one who missed your chance to return home. You should be sorry causing trouble for everyone. You're right. I am sorry about that. I'm sure you're all shocked. Then choose. -Choose what? -If you want, I can escort you to the State Security Department right now. -Captain Ri. -That's a bit... They might send you home after the interrogation. But that means they might not. I can't make promises. What are the other choices? You told me to choose. Listen to our orders. Orders? What kind? First, you may not leave this house during your time here. That's a given. I'm not insane. I'm not going anywhere. Do not talk to any of us. Do not propagate South Korean beliefs. That's great. Don't talk to me either. And don't propagate anything because it won't work on me. Once you return to the South, you may not disclose anything that happened here. Don't you worry about that. I am definitely not going to tell anyone. I'm going to suffer from amnesia when I return. Right. She is telling the truth. If you watch South Korean dramas, nine out of ten are suffering from amnesia. It's a common illness in capitalistic countries. -Is that so? -Is that because they drink too much American cola? That is quite fascinating. All right, then. Let me ask you for a favor. It's nothing hard. For two out of the three meals I have every day, I eat meat. I'm a meat lover. Hey, you South Korean. Don't tell no porky. "Don't tell no porky"? Does that mean, "Don't kid yourself"? "Don't kid yourself"? Does that mean, "Don't tell no porky"? Yes, they mean the same thing. Captain Ri. This wench is pulling sly tricks to bewitch our men. She's selling loads of porky and propagating about how South Koreans eat meat twice a day! Whatever you want to believe. Anyway, that's who I am. But as you all know, I've been starving for the past two days. I've walked a long distance as well. My vision is a bit blurry right now. I'm sorry, but do you have some meat? Goodness, you've been waiting. I'm sorry. Sorry about that. It gets busy at the end of the year. Oh, you should've finished your work first. Don't be ridiculous. You're more important than work. Did you forget whom you introduced me to? You introduced me to your boss. Ever since the contract was signed, no one dares to bother me at work. You know that annoying manager? Even he can't do anything. These days, I purposely get on his nerves. But he stays silent. You idiot. Why? Why did you do that? No, don't worry. I can do that now. No, you can't. I'm no longer that guy who was nervous about getting laid off. No, Su-chan. You're wrong. I even managed to put a ten-billion contract through. Chang-sik. I think I'll get promoted. My boss has disappeared. What? What do you mean? She might be dead already. It's already been 24 hours since she was declared missing. Don't joke around. I'm sorry. I truly am. So why did you provoke the manager? You shouldn't have! Never mind. I shouldn't have introduced you to her. I'm sorry. Dear Lord. I pray that my husband will be placed in the position you've prepared for him as the successor of the company as soon as possible. Please allow him to receive that honor. Lord, please show your mercy. Rest in peace to those-- Lord! No. That's not right. This cannot be. Please help her return safe and sound. Please keep her uninjured. And of course, please keep her alive. Please allow her to return home. Lord, that's not the case for me. -Lord-- -Do You hear me? -I know You're on my side. -Lord... GREAT LEADER IS ALWAYS WITH US Hi. Go on, now. We have less cabbages this year. -Right? -It's sweet. It's a total of 2t for five families. That's only 2,000kg. Before I got married, my family alone would make 1t of kimchi. I know we'll have less work to do, but I'm worried that we may not have enough kimchi to last until spring. Hey, you should salt those a bit more. Okay. That's good. Oh, right. Is it today? Yes, it is. Two months? It's been a long time. Yes, it was way too long. Excuse me. What are you talking about? Come on, this isn't something you should forget. Did you forget that Jeong Hyeok will be returning from the outpost line today? Oh, dear! I deserve to die! Gosh, I'm becoming more forgetful these days. Don't the other captains also work at the outpost line? Why do you make it sound like he's special? His handsome face is special, isn't it? It's just like how we're protective of national treasures. I see. Look at you. Did we place enough firewood at his place? There's a huge pile. Don't you worry. How about salt, soybean paste, and red pepper paste? All the crocks are packed with them. And as you've ordered, the meat is resting in the salt crock. Why do you keep meat in there? The food doesn't go bad if you put them in the salt crock. What about the other side dishes? Them? This way. What is this place? Don't you know what a kimchi cellar is? What? Of course, not. This is called a kimchi cellar. We store our kimchi and pastes in there. Not only won't they go bad, but they'll ferment deliciously. Oh, my. This place looks organic. How should I put it? It's very hip. Are you saying all families have one of these instead of -a kimchi fridge? -No talking. What are you looking at so intently? Back in our hometown, we still use fallen leaves and weeds as firewood. It's so fascinating to see a briquette. Soon enough, your hometown will modernize, and you will use these too, comrade. If briquettes are considered modern, then how advanced are gas boilers? What? I was talking to myself. Is that forbidden as well? Don't overcook it. I prefer rare over well-done. I was talking to myself about my preference in meat. After eating, we must return to our posts. Make sure no one finds out about you. Will I be alone here? Are you saying you want to stay here with Captain Ri? That's not what I mean. But what if there's an emergency? I doubt you have mobile phones. Mobile phones? What are these things that we don't have? They're cell phones. A cell phone? Of course we have one. I see. Does everyone have one? We don't have it. But our company commander has one. And a lot of people in the country have cell phones as well. It's fine as long as he has one. I'm going to call him anyway. You're not allowed to use cellphones in the unit. Then how do I call you when it's urgent? If you press five, you'll be connected to my office on base. It's like the concierge desk at a hotel. This isn't a hotel. I was just giving you an example. I don't want you to give an example. All right then. I'll call you if something happens. I'd appreciate it if you don't. I won't call you so often. Only when it's urgent. -Hello-- -I'm really sorry, but I'm looking for body wash urgently. I just can't find one. There must be soap. -Hello-- -What about shampoo? It's really urgent. Soap. I'm calling to ask you just in case, for the slightest chance that you actually do, okay? Do you have a scented candle by any chance? I really need it when I take a bath or sleep-- I'm not getting any hot water. This is really urgent. What am I supposed to do? With the clothespins on the clothesline, There are clothespins. fix the bath bag. Tuck the bath bag in under the basin filled with warm water to block airflow. Then you can take a warm bath. So this is something like a wet sauna for one person? It's amazing. Do I have to do this though? Should I just wait a few days without showering? It's so warm. It feels great. -What now? -Sir, it's me. Hello, Master Sergeant. What's the matter? In the car crash this morning in Mount Suseok, all the tomb raiders being taken to Pyongyang were also killed. STATE SECURITY DEPARTMENT RI JEONG HYEOK It keeps happening. Do you think it's a coincidence? Could it be true that the State Security Department is keeping a secret truck unit? LET'S WORK FOR PEACE IN KOREA STAY HIGH TO FIND OUT THOSE WHO HIDE DEEP You're Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok, the Company 5 Commander. Your company was realigned today, right? Yes, sir. Have a seat and have some stick coffee. This coffee is from down South. No thank you, sir. Why? Because they're relief goods from South Korea? I also felt uncomfortable at first, but now I can't have enough of its bitter-sweet taste. I don't think you like sweet things. I have something to report to you. Go ahead. I heard the convoy turned over from a car crash this morning and all the tomb raiders got killed. I heard it. I feel bad, but what can we do? I believe it needs an investigation. What car did they crash into? Was it accidental or intentional? If it was intentional, who is behind it? And why do incidents like this keep happening? You sure have a lot of questions, Captain. Please let me look into it. Okay. Go ahead. The Trial Bureau is in charge of the accident, I'll let them know. You should go to the headquarters in Pyongyang tomorrow. Are you sure it'll be okay? The director is a friend of mine. Why is Ri Jeong Hyeok being such a stuffed shirt by the way? Does he have a good backing? His resume doesn't have anything about family background. I'm not sure what he is like yet. Really? Senior Colonel. I guess there might be a new account. Who is it this time? CHILBOSAN HOTAL He's in hiding after the one-billion-won scheme. He's come to Shenyang after passing through the Philippines and Malaysia to evade the police. You're pretty. We can be sure about the size of his wealth. And he doesn't mind spending money for himself. It's perfect for us to keep him around. Is he here? Mr. Cheon. It's been a long time. Nice to meet you. Well... We don't have time, so I won't beat around the bush. Once you sign the contract, you will be safe. We will make sure to protect you and take you to North Korea safely. We have various deals with different prices. It starts from 20,000 dollars per month. The size of your home, medical service, leisure activities, radius of coverage, to life insurance. Everything can vary. What about the most expensive one? It's 100,000 dollars per month. It's 1.2 million dollars per year. OFF-LIMITES TO CIVILIANS You get a two-story house with a reception room, an indoor sauna, and a swimming pool. You also get five specially trained bodyguards. Professed cooks, housekeepers, chauffeurs, and gardeners are also included. You can enjoy leisure activities like golf and hunting if you want. You can also enter casinos. What would you do? I'll pay 200,000 dollars a month. It's 2.4 million dollars a year. But you'd better not change your words after I enter the country. You guys should remember that all my money is in my offshore accounts. If someone harms a hair of my head, there's no way you will get my money. Okay? Mr. Gu Seung-jun. The statute of limitations on assault is five years. Seven years for injuring. And 10 years for a fraud case like yours. A lot of people from South Korea have spent the statute of limitations here under the protection of my people to evade the police of South Korea and Interpol. Well. I know that. That's why I'm right here. We are doing this business risking our lives. To protect our customers who committed illegal acts, we have to commit illegal acts ourselves. So without mutual trust, I'm afraid we can make this contract. Gosh, I get it. Why are you being so serious? Gosh. I was going to North Korea just to tour around Mount Geumgang. GU SEUNG-JUN One, two, three. Four, five, six. -Seven, eight, nine, ten. -Guys. Nam Sik. Why are you still here? Do you know what time it is now? -Come right away. -Mom. -Come here. -I told you to come right away. Go. Your mom is looking for you. -Mom! -Let's go. -Come here. -We should hurry. U Pil. Dad! What are you doing here alone? What is this? It's your favorite doughnut. -Let's go. -Okay. What? Haven't I had enough surprises today? Honey, the power is out. Will you get the lamp? A HEADBAND WITH A SMALL BULB IS USED LIKE A DESK LAMP DURING BLACKOUT Let's eat. What? What are they up to? I knew it. He's not answering. Are they going to bury me or something? Where's a flashlight? What are you doing? Why are you here? You said you need a candle. You need it when you take a bath and go to sleep. This is just a candle. What I need is a scented candle. I'm sorry. I know you'd feel flustered. But I just can't believe what I'm going through now. SELF-SUFFICIENT Gosh, will you hurry? What if someone finds it out? Gosh, it's bright. Ho Yeong, can you finish your homework now? Mom, now that the power is out, I can just go to sleep. You rascal. Your dad even brought the tank battery in secret to light up the room. Just go ahead and finish your homework. If you go foot again this time, I'll strip you off and throw you out of the house. I'm not at the bottom. Nam Sik is behind me. Is that so? You must feel reassured to have Nam Sik behind you. Just do it. You silly rascal. Honey. Do you think there's a chance you can get promoted this time? I'm not sure. It's up to the senior colonel who grades soldiers. Darn it. Why is the senior colonel being so harsh on you? So you should try curring favor with his wife. I've been trying really hard to get on the right side of her. Why would you say that? About Captain Na's wife. I saw her going to his place with some stuff. What? Ms. Ma, are you in there? Ms. Ma. You're here. Take a look at Ok Geum. She's running the generator so I can watch TV. Ok Geum, are your legs okay? I'm fine. I'm just happy to see you burst into laughter. I don't care even if my legs break. It's no problem. Sang-a. I ate too much at dinner. I feel so bloated. I see. Any news yet? We would've got a call if there's something new. I feel bad for her. She's so young. She didn't even get married. I mean, Father even said he'd hand his business over to her. She might have thought it would happen. What unfortunate timing. What do you mean? I mean, we all knew that Father didn't really mean it. He actually didn't mean anything like that. He just wanted to provoke my husband. He'd give it to his oldest son anyway, but he just wants his son to try harder. So he lied that his daughter would take it over. He's so cunning. Seri's Choice with its stocks remaining strong for three days is receiving peculiar attention in the stock market. -Seri's Choice is... -Once the news about the CEO goes out, the stock price will plunge. Based on this, local investors... Do you know anything about stocks? I bet you don't. Stock prices fluctuate by as much as billions of won from day to day. I once invested three billion won in stocks because of my acquaintance and lost all the money. But... I'm more frustrated than I was back then. Than the day I lost my three billion won, I'm even more frustrated and sad. What am I doing here? I wasn't even interested in where North Korea is located. And why do I have to be crying in front of a total stranger? It's so frustrating. Don't worry. I can't see you now. Fortune and misfortune are like twisted rope, so they come by turns. Everything will be fine soon. Are you sure? I'm sure. Where are you going? I need to get on the train to Pyongyang in the morning. Pyongyang? When are you coming back? I don't know. I might not be able to see you leave. My comrades will be helping you. Don't worry. I bought some stuff you might need. Wait. What's your name? I want to remember it because I want to return the favor. You don't have to. There was no favor to begin with. As I asked you earlier, Please don't tell anyone what happened here when you go back. Even better, just forget about it. What's all this? What is this? What happened to using a block of soap from head to toe? These are all from South Korea. Where did he get these? Are you looking for cosmetics? These are from down there. This is skin toner, and this is cleansing cream. This is day cream, and that one is night cream. Which one do you want? I want them all. My gosh. Do you need underwear? These are from down there as well. This is Vivian, and this is Venus. That one is Bodyguard. What do you want? I'll take them all, too. What size? What size do you need? Anything will do. Gosh, I guess he overestimated me. It would probably fit. What was that? He pretends to be indifferent, but he's kind of sweet. If this is a dream, please let me wake up from it. The latex mattress is so snug and comforting. This is my bed. I knew it. It was just a dream. I knew it wasn't real. North Korea? Gosh, it was just a horrible nightmare. What is it doing here? It's not supposed to be here. No. This isn't a dream. Earlier was a dream. This can't be a dream. Don't wake up. No. Don't wake up. I'm not waking up. How care have you come? I've come this far. How care have you come? -Going to school -Going to school -Why are we going? -Why are we going? -Going to study -Going to study -Going with whom? -Going with whom? MAP WITH THE SOUL AND SPIRIT OF MOUNT BAEKDU GLORIOUS KOREAN WORKERS' PARTY ASSISTANCE Will you hurry? Come over this way. What's the rush? Come here. Please show your identification. -Hurry. -Wait for me. -Excuse me. -Move over. RI JEONG HYEOK Are you Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok from the Civilian Police Battalion? Yes. He's right here. We're from the Investigation Division of the Trial Bureau. I was on my way to the Security Department. I have a case to investigate. Hey, Ri Jeong Hyeok. You're the one to be investigated. Come with us. DEFENSE SECURITY COMMAND You've never been in a place like this before, have you? Too bad. There's no place else you can sit. Have a seat. Let's begin with a conversation. Please. I heard you disgraced the citizens who work hard to earn foreign currency. Right in front of South Korean soldiers. They illegally crossed the southern limit for tomb robberies. Would you call it legitimate work? You think? All right then. Where are the cultural properties now? All the tomb raiders died in the accident. There's no way we can find it out. If Lieutenant Commander Jo Cheol Gang from the State Security Department investigated the case, he would've figured it all out. But you insisted to send them to the headquarters in Pyongyang and they ended up dying in a questionable accident. So we can't help but suspect you. It's common sense not to let the permitter investigate the case. Do you think this is a common-sense question? -Common sense? -I'm asking you to make wild speculations. Do you have any evidence? Hey. Do you think you can drive a nail only when there's a crack? If you hammer a nail, it will make a crack. This is where we hammer a nail. We don't need evidence. We can make up any crimes if we want to. Do you understand? Is that so? You will have to be responsible for what you said now. You idiot! What kind of jerk caused trouble and got hauled in here? What did you just say? Say that again. How dare you say such a thing! Who's that guy? Hey! General, what bring you-- Have you lost your mind? Are you out of your head? Jeong Hyeok, are you all right? I'm fine. What are you waiting for? Take him to my office. General, who on earth is he... You're so doomed, you idiot. He is the only son of the Director of the General Political Bureau. What? My goodness. -Hello. -You, Jo Cheol Gang! Are you trying to see -how badly you can ruin my career? -What's wrong? Tell me. Do you know who Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok's father is or not? The section of army related officers was empty, so I couldn't check. Why do you think the section was empty? It was because he comes from an influential family! What are you talking about? Explain it to me. Brace yourself. Don't pass out. Ri Jeong Hyeok is... He's the son of Director of the General Political Bureau. What did you just say? That's right. It will take more than once for you to hear it to understand, right? He's the son of the Director of the General Political Bureau. And the director had two sons. But he lost a son in an accident. -So he's the only son the director has. -Are you sure? You know what? I hope I'm wrong! How are you going to handle this mess? I'll call you tomorrow. I don't even know if I'll still be in the office by then. How could I not have... He's my younger brother. Say hello. He's my friend. Then, the younger brother of Mu Hyeok was Ri Jeong Hyeok? So does Dae-gil live or die? Please tell me. I only watched The Slave Hunters up to the 14th episode. What happens to Dae-gil? Dae-gil -dies. -Damn it. Really? My gosh, I can't believe Dae-gil dies in the drama. You can't feel bad for a character in a drama that aired ten years ago. Did you come here to hang out with her? I'm sorry. Gwang Beom. Eun Dong. -Let's continue this after some food. -Okay. By the way, why are you guys shoveling? Why do you think? We're trying to bury this rude South Korean woman in the pit. We're doing construction on the underground water here. Captain Ri told us to protect you. We need an excuse to bring you out from the base without drawing suspicions. Is that what your captain told you to do? Did he tell you to protect me? Quit dreaming. He wants us to keep an eye on you. You, a South Korean spy, might commit heinous crimes in our country. What's your name? It's Pyo Chi Su. Why do you ask? I see. When our countries unite, you'd better emigrate somewhere else. I'll find you no matter what it takes and bury you deep in the ground. You ungrateful woman. What is your name? Do you think I'm a fool? Why would I tell you that? By the way, why did your captain go to Pyongyang all of a sudden? So about what happened today... I'm really sorry about that. You don't need to apologize for that. It's just that I really want to find the vehicle that caused the crash. Are you paying attention to the accident because you think it might be related to your brother's accident? A car crash at the intersection in Jeonseung-dong in 2011. A rollover crash on Nampo Expressway in 2013. A 3-car pileup collision at Cave Rainbow in 2014. All of them were caused by a Russian Kamaz truck. Everyone involved in the accidents died. Despite the rumor that there is a secret truck unit, the State Security Department didn't investigate further. I checked the security footages near Mount Suseok. Three Kamaz trucks passed before the accident. Well, that's a very common truck. Is that what you really believe? It's just a coincidence? Jeong Hyeok, do you only look at one side of things? If your mind is already made up, everything will look suspicious. Why do we have eyes on the front of our head? It means we must face forward. Put your past behind you. And face forward now. -Why did they kill Dae-gil? -You must be mad. Hey, quit talking about that man. I should have buried her today. I will regret for the rest of my life... You're in the Fifth Company. Where are you coming from? From fixing the pump at our captain's house, sir. Is that so? Well, he's in Pyongyang now. -Good work. -Yes, sir. May I ask where you are headed, sir? Lately, we have a lot of runaways. I'm going to run random house inspection on the houses today. You mean tonight, sir? -What's wrong with him? -It's nothing. We miss what's in front of us. The runaways might be hiding in the military base. I believe that it is a very wise plan. That's right. Everyone, go back inside and get ready to sleep. -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. Captain Ri, we have a problem. They are going to run random inspections on the military housing area. But we told the South Korean woman never to pick up any phone calls, just in case. There's no way to reach her now. Let me ask you for a favor. MUNSU STREET Grant access through all areas. Grant access immediately. What's wrong with that car? That's really fast. Hey, the plate starts with 729. Only the highest-ranking officials have that number. If you stop that car, you'll be stopping your life, too. All right now. Let the house inspection begin. Someone told me that you were spotted buying a South Korean talking rice cooker at the market. Who on earth told you such an absurd thing? I was taught to always speak the truth regardless of the situation I was in. A talking rice cooker? And a South Koran talking rice cooker? I don't have enough time to complete my tasks for our revolution. Why would I go around and buy something like that? That's a conspiracy. Your rice is ready. Please stir it well. Move. Goodness. What on earth is this? What is it? Wol Suk. Please look at me. I'm kneeling down right now. I was wondering who was stealing our hard-earned electricity. And the thief had been here all along. I lost myself when I tasted the sticky rice from the rice cooker. I must have lost my mind. Please turn a blind eye just this once. Then, what are you going to do with this rice cooker? As for that electricity-stealing thief, I ask that you take care of it on your own. Is the rice really that sticky? You should have a taste. There's nothing here. Let's move on to the next house. My goodness. No one is here. But look at this messy room. Come on out, sir. What on earth are you doing here? Your wife is doing the long-distance trade in order to put food on the table for her family. -What on earth are you-- -Comrade Wol Suk. I was just lonely. I see. You're lonely? In that case, I won't make you feel lonely. How about a nice self-criticism session in front of everyone, then? You can tell them why you had to be naked in front of another woman in the middle of the night. That bastard. I can't even treat him like a human being now. -Which one is next? -Next is Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok. Is that so? PARADISE OF PEOPLE Supervisor Jo. We were inspecting the houses. What's the next house? It's Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok's. He's in Pyongyang. Pardon? But the light at his house is on. Did he come back already? Why are there so many books here? Piano sheets? "Mozart." APPLICATION FORM I've seen this face from somewhere. I am here for house inspection. What's "House inspection"? Captain Ri Jeong Hyeok. I don't think he's back yet. -Unlock the door. -Pardon? It's not just anyone's house. -It's Captain Ri's. -Do it now. -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. I believe someone was just here. I guess he forgot to turn off the light before he left. My gosh. Captain Ri. I thought he was perfect. I didn't know he would make such mistakes. My gosh. Someone is inside there. What? Is she a ghost? Come out. -Who are you? -Look at her. I asked who you are. Why were you hiding in Captain Ri's kimchi cellar? Forget it. Even the mutes can talk once they go to the State Security Department. Right? -My gosh. -What's that sound? -Move. -What is it? -Does it say 729 there? -What? 729? -It says 729 there. -What's going on? -Who's driving it? -That vehicle... -My gosh. -It says 729 there. I've never seen that car in person. -I can't believe it. -Goodness. What are you doing to my fiancée? -What? Fiancée? -Did I hear it wrong? -He's engaged? -That's his fiancée? What did you just say? I would appreciate it if you put away the gun you're pointing at my fiancée. It's in violation of our institute's regulations. I'm sorry, but we can't administer the euthanasia you requested. But why not? I heard that I can end my life here. Sure, I have no physical pain that makes it diffcult to sustain life. But I feel extraordinary pain in my mind. Depression, panic disorder, eating disorder, insomnia... Do you need more? We always recommend the sightseeing of Switzerland to our visitors. If some sightseeing would have helped me feel better, I wouldn't have come all the way here. 70% of the people, go back home after they've seen the beautiful sceneries. I don't have a home to return to. I don't know why you want to be killed, but you will be like them anyhow. This isn't going to work on me. CRASH LANDING ON YOU So I introduced her to them, and he just said "Okay." So what did you introduce her as? I guess you could call it a kind of disguise tactic. She came from South Korea. That's how they all fall in love. One hundred percent. What missions have you undertaken, and where? I am not allowed to tell you. That woman is a Type 11 individual. That makes him impervious. By the way, do you have a girlfriend who plays the piano? If we plan this out accordingly, we can use that woman to destroy his whole family. That's what I mean. -Two of us. -She's going back to Pyongyang tonight. Look at me, nothing else. Subtitle translation by Soo-ji Kim Ripped and synced by gabbyu's Subs 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 