Our Girl: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Girl 
 s4e2 - Episode #4.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Girl (2014–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Episode #4.2 - full transcript 
 Trying to shake off her resurging grief for Elvis, Georgie leads efforts to support a risky medical outreach program. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A dead medic is no good to anyone. I could do with another grown-up on tour with me. Elvis isn't the reason why I'm not coming back. Why aren't you coming to Afghan? I'm a soldier. I need to be able to handle whatever the army throws at me. I knew you wouldn't leave me to handle that freaks' roll call on my own. The situation is improving, though - I mean, now that the war's ended? The war hasn't ended for us. Just for you. LOUD BLAST Been here a day and already a damned expert. The child would have bled out if it wasn't for her! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Keep looking me. Don't look down there. It seems like the Taliban are targeting the hospital... And Dr Bahil. That's me. Hospital administrator and doctor, when needs must. Aatan Omar. He was behind the special forces fatality in Kabul, sir. Elvis Harte. PHONE RINGS, BOMB BLASTS BOMB BLASTS LABOURED BREATHING That sounded like a bad one. Go back to sleep, Mimi. Wet the bed? Thought it was another earthquake. Like being back in Nepal for a sec. No, just one huge bomb blast. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What you doing up? Just wanted to jump on the Wi-Fi and call Marie before everyone else gets on it. And what's the state of the nation with Marie? Well, she's found something on Secret Escapes. New York, Niagara Falls, Toronto then The Queen Mary, back to Southampton. Nice. Yeah. Except I only get ten days' R&R; so we're going Lanzarote. No. What? And Marie's happy that you're going Lanza-grotty for your honeymoon? Well, I told her it's where Ariana Grande went. It's the things you've gotta say when you're in love, innit? You are so in love, aren't you? You soppy bollocks. Yeah, it's true, actually. Mad. She is the best thing that's ever happened to me. Right, I'm going to get some kip before it's another day. Go to bed, you. Yeah, I will. Sleep well. Night. MUSIC: Running by Christian Loffler feat. Josephine Philip VOICEMAIL: End of saved message. Message saved. There you are! Come on! Photo roll call. You've done all the sorting. Thought I was doing that today. Come on, Serge. # Can you hear the people marching # Louder than the drums? # Can you hear the people coming # Louder than the drums? # Can you hear the people marching # Louder than the drums? # Can you hear the people coming? # Can you hear the people marching # Louder than the drums? # This is our battle cry # Can you hear the people marching? # This is our battlecry. # This is going to be epic. Be careful. Our group WhatsApp photo! Keep it still! Hold it, hold it. My back! Oi. Fall in! The Brigadier is waiting to brief us. Sort yourselves out, get your heads in the right space. If any of you numb-nuts manage to get injured titting around, I will personally spoon out your eyes. DISTANT TRUMPET CALL Right, recognise that sound. All seated in the operations briefing room, now! I think I've got one good one. It's you on your face. What's that, Rabee? Endurance run! The British always lose. Endurance run? How far's that then? 3.4 miles per lap. On the hour, starts again and keep going, on and on till last man is standing. Or woman, thank you. Poya will win. Lads, what do you reckon? Who votes someone taking this on? I mean there's a few of us proper fit lads. What, like you? Oh, my days. Hurry up! Sit them easy, Colour Sergeant. At ease. Double AP suicide bomb blast outside the Kabul Hospital. Another bombing overnight, this time at a wedding. Initial thoughts were random attack organised by local warlord Aatan Omar. We think this is him. However, joint covert operatives have confirmed there was a specific target. Dr Bahil. Hospital administrator. Aatan Omar has been targeting places of work and launching attacks on weddings and funerals of anyone who opposes him. Thus far, his personal death toll stands at several thousand, including a number of allied forces. Of course, he's not carrying out these atrocities himself, rather he directs operations from somewhere in the mountains, making him particularly difficult to locate. And this is Dr Bahil, the targeted hospital administrator. Her husband, Dr Dak Bahil, was running for re-election last year. Assassinated. She's standing for his vacant seat. Our task is to keep Dr Bahil alive and well. Carry on, Lieutenant Hurst. All right, everyone. You heard the Brigadier. We're protecting Dr Bahil whilst she's at the hospital. With that in mind, Sergeant Lane and Saunders, you'll be working with the local medics at the Kabul Hospital today. Pick up any supplies you need from the American Role One facility. Sir. Take Rabee and Poya with you. Prof, Fingers, Throbber, you're joining Oscar Team. Assisting local forces with security and escorting the medics in Kabul. Spud, Monk... You're heading to the airport. Guardian Angel duty. American civil engineer meeting with a local council member. HE TOOTS All right everyone, dismissed. Get some scoff, prepare to move. Should have joined the scouts, Monk. What? Bruv, Guardian Angel duty's basically driving some muppet around all day, like an Uber. Have you got a Prius? Shut up. ELVIS' VOICE ECHOES: Where's Omar? He says Omar's not here. We have approximately nine fatalities. Emergency evacuation required. Has anyone got eyes on Omar? I wasn't privy to the intelligence briefing back in the UK. If I'd have known we were still dealing with Omar... If you need me to put out a trawl for another medic... It's not going to be us out there hunting the UK's most wanted, is it? Omar's way above our pay grade. Our job is to protect Dr Bahil. So let's get on with it. We need blast bandages, ChitoGauze, haemorrhage control packs, trauma dressing, S-rolled gauze, which is at the bottom there. If it's not Kate and Meghan! Splintage and immobilisation kit available down the hall. Let's also pick up pelvic and traction splints and a couple of head immobilisers too. Come on, Princesses! I thought you were a doctor, sir. I am a doctor. Did you think I was just pretending? I meant... I didn't know you were military. Tend to not wear my uniform when in downtown Kabul. Don't know whether you've heard but there's a war on. SHE CHUCKLES We've been tasked with assisting Dr Bahil with the inoculations whilst working as close protection. Multi-tasking. Saving lives and preventing an epidemic. We're honoured. Will you be helping us at the local hospital, sir? I'm operating there today. They blow each other up. I stitch them back together. Then it happens all over again. Politics. Don't be shy, ladies. You're welcome to anything you need. Life-saving surgeon, hero in a uniform, nice, chiselled jaw. Can we just crack on, please, Saunders? OK. Arriving at the hospital now, sir. Can confirm check point in place. Afghan police for you. Don't trust none of them, to be honest. They're just the same as us, really, bro. Might be the same as you, fella, but I ain't about to blow myself up. Because you haven't had the life they've had. We don't do that sort of shit in Wolves. We've admitted 107 patients in the last 24 hours. Most with major bomb blast trauma. The only trouble is, we only had six beds. Can we do anything to help the patients? You're here to supervise the polio inoculations. These people will be treated or beds found elsewhere, eventually. Thank you very much. On you go. Don't tell me we're doing this all day. Look, I'm sorry to have to do this but it's for everyone's safety, OK? Just come forward, arms out. PROF SPEAKS IN PASHTO I ain't really got time for all that mumbo jumbo bollocks, Prof. No wonder your wife left you. Polio. Eradicated in all but three countries globally. One of those countries being Afghanistan. The situation is reaching tipping point. At the moment the disease is winning and we're on a precipice. Hence the urgent need to vaccinate all the children. We mustn't allow the disease to spread into the city or it will be impossible to contain. Looks like we're not going to need anyone supervising today. Where is everyone? Would you bring your child to a place that is being bombed? What about the medical outreach projects? We're trying to run them. I'd trained up a team of local medics. But several were attacked and killed. It's becoming impossible to staff with such risks. So what do we do? If the children won't come here, I need to go to them. This isn't exactly what we signed up for, is it? Security. My Doris' uncle is security - McDonald's Westfield. Yeah, I'm heading over there now. I think so? Are you my security? Ma'am. Yeah, two. They'll do, I guess. Come on. Door! Oh, my days. Thank you. Man's not an Uber driver. Thank you very much. Thank you. We should be out there... Fingers? I want contact. I'm itching for my first kill! Do you know what, mate? On my first tour I felt the same. But now... Very happy being right at the back. Nah. We all join the army for contact. My old corporal told me on Phase 1 training "soldiering is 99% boredom, 1% extreme violence." Bring on the 1% then. Modern soldiering is about much more. Nowadays, we make a difference without having to kill people. Yeah, I want to make a difference... by dishing out some extreme violence, Black Country style! Muppet. PROF SPEAKS IN PASHTO Let them know who's in charge, Prof. You don't need to be workshopping every fucker coming through. English, yeah. Thank you. Step forward, come on. Come on. Come forward. Arms out. If it wasn't for your quick thinking yesterday, she'd have died in the street. Is she going to be OK? We're going to need to operate. But you couldn't save her leg, yeah? Crushed tibia and fibula. Shrapnel damage to the tendons and muscles linking the upper and lower leg. Sensible option would be to remove the leg. What? If the Queen was lying here, we'd find a way to repair her, wouldn't we, sir? If it was the Queen I'd imagine she might have a ready supply of drugs to keep the leg alive, and a medical team that would allow time for the muscles and tissues to rebuild with months of painful physiotherapy, rather than the risk of infection setting in and killing her. Saunders. What ARE you doing with a snow globe in your bergan? Sorry, Sergeant. I got it in America when my parents took me to Florida. My surprise Sweet Sixteen. So now it's just, like, my lucky charm. Look, I'll see what I can do but, at best, this little girl has an uncertain future. See? Lucky charm. Nurse, let's prep her for surgery right away. I need your help with Dr Bahil. We need to explain to her that until Omar's been terminated it's too dangerous for her to contemplate manning an outreach project. We can explain. It doesn't mean she'll listen. Well, just tell her she can't leave the hospital. Say that all the vaccinations need to be done here. Insist. You've met her. She'll be signing her own death warrant if she takes a team into the mountains. She's determined. I've known her for years. We used to work together in New York. So how do we guarantee her safety? This is Afghanistan. There are no guarantees. PROF SPEAKS IN PASHTO We need to speed this shit up, lads. Turbo-frisk or we're going to be here all pissing day. Come on! We're going to be here all day anyway, Throbber. Yeah. He's got a point lad. Beans ain't got a point, man. You're so frigging PC! It's getting right on my Bristol Cities. I don't get how being kind and gentle is PC, you big melon head. Arms up! If you take an outreach team in to the mountains, we could provide a proper protection force. We could assist ANA, ANP, ISAF. We're talking about remote communities. The people are suspicious. They don't trust outsiders, especially allied soldiers. Our team would be fully briefed and understand the cultural sensitivities. Oi! Go easy on him. This one's dodgy. He's carrying a girls' bag. Why are you carrying a girls' bag, mate? Eh? Is it to go with your dress? Steady, sunshine! We all got a job to do. Be polite, Throbber. Shut up. You ain't my teacher, you specky, four-eyed bollocks. Very culturally sensitive. Move forward. Check his bag. I'm giving you a quick once over. Come forward. Arms out. I hear what you're saying and I understand your reservations. But we need to get a move on. We need to clear this area up. Washington has given us the go ahead and we need to be sure that we can get clearance to move the resources. KNOCKING You guys want to take a small break? Oh, my days. Take whatever you want, obviously. Would you like some? So let's move the compounds, talk about the irrigation and I'll get back to Washington and we will reconvene again. Don't be shy. What you being shy for? Pick up some more, bro. Bruv, fill your pockets. Her temperature's stabilising. That's good news, isn't it, sir? Yeah. Let's see how she progresses over the next 72 hours. Saunders, on me, let's move. And good day to you, too. She must have some family somewhere. Well, we know her mum's dead already. I know. But if we can somehow locate the rest of her family... Look, if she had any more family they would have found her already. Maybe they don't know she's been injured or they've got no way of getting to the hospital. There's thousands - hundreds of thousands - of orphans. I wish we could take care of every one of them, you know? Yeah, I know. But we can't because it's not in our remit. We have other duties. I've got to say, that's the first time I've ever been into any hospital ever and not seen one fit nurse. Shut up, Throbber. I think you lot need to start being nice to me and Spud here. What's that all about then? Not good for your complexion that, Throbber. Who give you all that? It's what happens when you're on Guardian Angel duty for the Yanks. No wonder they're all fucking obese. Not all, mate. Check that lot out. Right, we need to sort out who's representing the platoon in this endurance race. The Yanks are taking it serious. They take everything serious. Especially themselves. Right. Who's repping the platoon, Colour? I'm not saying it's gotta be me, BUT it ought to be the best person for the job... ..which is obviously me, yeah? I mean... ..we're winners, aren't we? Me and you, Colour? How the fuck did we survive before you joined the platoon? Exactly. Wow. Do you think that we should add anything else? Like phone numbers or...? It says, "This child is at Kabul Hospital." I know, well, if we put them up... If someone is missing her, they will find her. Well, someone is missing her, surely. Just imagine if we can unite this little lost girl with her family. I mean, how great would that be? We're deployed here for training and mentoring, sometimes security, yes, but all within a safe zone of Kabul. Yeah, but don't we have a duty to protect Dr Bahil? Yes, within the confines of the local hospital. She'll be leaving the confines of the hospital tomorrow, irrespective of what I say. Then we inform local forces and she becomes their charge. No, no, no. What she becomes is a viable target for Omar. We need to be the ones out protecting her, not leaving it to the Afghan Police. Especially after what happened at the hospital. It was one bad apple. Yeah, and all we need is one bad apple and we'll be signing Dr Bahil's death warrant. Well, we can't give her orders, unlike you, Sergeant Lane. Surely it's not beyond the wit of the British Army to organise a security team to travel with her. Look, I have orders. I follow them. I suggest you do, too, Lane. GUNFIRE ON PHONE SCREAMING AND GUNFIRE ON PHONE MUFFLED SPEECH ON PHONE: Game over. Stupid game, anyway. Yo. Give me a Wonka Bar, wanker. Nah. You need to watch your weight before the race. Oh, you're mugging it. You know I'm the man to beat the Yanks. Wankers. HE CONTINUES KNOCKING Is that Throbber? Yep, that's Throbber, baby. Ooh, Wank... Wank... Wankers! Oh, my God, do you hear him? Oh, my God. Look, we're running out of time. You must talk to Dr Bahil. She'll listen to you. I wouldn't guarantee it. All right, will you sort some transport to the hospital, then? So I talk to her. She's here. Collecting supplies. Really? Yeah, I invited her. So, Manchester... You got two soccer teams? Nope, just the one. Stockport County. It's a Greater Manchester thing, you won't understand. DOOR SHUTS Told them. Who? The Brits. I've explained that you are the most determined and passionate person I know. You decide on a mission, you undertake it. Ah, so that's why I'm here. Hey, we know each other too well. Have I ever steered you wrong? Well, you did take me to some insalubrious dives in New York. Country and Western bars are supposed to be insalubrious. That's the point. Remember Dak and the lasso? One of the great nights out. Dak loved it there, didn't he? Sorry. I like talking about him. I always went with you and Dak. And that's the point. We can't afford to let them kill you. They kill you, they've won. We need to be protecting you. Brace up! As you were, guys. We've been asked by my American and Afghani counterparts to assist with an outreach mission today. So, Erstwhile plan now on hold. Lieutenant Hurst. Mine is not to reason why. Right, some of you will be venturing outside the walls of Kabul today, working close security with a mobile clinic. Alpha team, close protection. And Sergeant Lane, Saunders, you'll be working with Rabee and Dr Bahil's medical team, assisting as they head towards the Kowt-e Ashro region. Bravo, along with a platoon of ANA, will be that outer cordon of steel around Alpha. BRAVO TEAM: Colour. We also need someone to represent the platoon at the endurance race. We need someone who'll leave it all out on the track, hold nothing back and do the regiment proud. With that in mind, there was only ever one man for the job. This is like fucking political correctness gone mad. Why's that, mate? Prof doing the endurance run? It's like when the fat, ugly kid gets picked to play Joseph in the nativity play. You're revealing a bit too much there, Throbber. I'd have been a bare better Joseph. Fact. Yeah? We're about to be made to look like a right... Right, Team Oscar, is everyone happy with the plan? ALL: Colour. Remember, stay where I can keep eyes on. Let's move. Here you are, lad. I think that's the downward facing dog. CAR DOOR SHUTS Kill me now, I've seen it all. Shut up and get in. You OK? Yeah, fine. Good luck. May the best man win. Runners to your marks, set... SIREN WHINES Oh, here's Bill and Ben, the high cholesterol men. What? Mate, they've got "I love Krispy Kremes" all over their fat chops. HE CHUCKLES You wish. Yeah, this way, gents. We're your guardian angels. I know what that nod means. Sir? It means, "Thank you, Doctor. "Without you, none of this would be happening." It's amazing what I can do with a look, innit? Any news on Giti, sir? Yeah. Intravenous antibiotics seem to be working. So now it's just a waiting game. Great. Well, surely that means that everything's going to be all right. Or is that not the case... MUSIC DROWNS SPEECH There you go. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Not a bad turnout. 297 children under five within this area alone. We need to inoculate them all. We need to go door to door. There's still a few hours left. And 250 children remain unvaccinated. They're not going to come, not with the military outside. They think you're here to poison them. I hate to say, I've been proved right. IN PASHTO: Saunders! Well, no-one has rocked up so I may as well keep myself busy. No, make yourself busy in here doing something that you're paid to do. Lane, leave her to deal with it. Calm down. Please, there's children. If you're supposed to be helping, just leave me to deal with the situation. This girl here, do you know her? Her family or...? So, these stats - they're predictions on next year's opium production? MUFFLED SPEECH KNOCKING ON DOOR Refreshments? Yeah, all right. So are you ready to eat something? I'm happy to eat at the American mess. Cultural sensitivity. Our guests would like local refreshments served here. Gentlemen. HE SNICKERS Help yourself, mate. SIREN WAILS Come on, boys. Can you see him? Oh, here he comes, Mo Farah! My blisters are killing me. I don't think the heat's helping. That should be me out there. Yeah. And you should have been Joseph. Do not bring that up again. I'm trying to move on. You don't understand. How could you? You know why we're here. Here today, or in Afghanistan? Both. The children will be kept away, polio will spread and more pain - because of you, because of your presence. And what would happen if we just pulled out? You did! In combat terms, you're here training and mentoring. And why? Cos you'd saved Afghanistan? No, because your people didn't like your soldiers coming home in coffins. It offended them. But they don't seem too offended by Afghani deaths. That's so wrong. Really? The people of your country suffer with my people? I don't think so. I don't think it even makes your newspapers any more. I lost someone who I loved in this conflict, too. And that makes us sisters, does it? No. I take it your husband volunteered? My husband had no choice. The people of Afghanistan have no choice. So many soldiers. We weren't actually married. He was killed on the day he proposed to me. By Omar, the same warlord who killed your husband and is now targeting you. So maybe we have more in common than you ever could imagine. Don't. Don't try to connect with me, please. The only way we're going to be able to reach the children we need to reach is by having no military presence. And that's what's happening from now on. THEY CHEER AND CLAP I wonder where he's at. Oh, there he is! Go on, Prof! Hey. He's hanging in there. Just about, by the looks of things. You all right, Prof? I'm trying to do my regiment proud. Oh, my nipples are chafing! SHE CHUCKLES Get the Vaseline out for him. Sir, the Prof's made the klaxon for another circuit. That's excellent. I know today didn't quite work out, Sergeant Lane, but it could have been a whole lot worse. They think we're poisoning them, you know? The Afghans. They think the vaccinations have got poison in them. Well, what can we do if they think everything's a conspiracy? Yeah, sir, but if I was Afghan and I saw military force escorting medics, I think I'd think something suspicious was going to go down. Sir, with all due respect... Whenever you say, "With all due respect," I know you're about to start running your mouth. Look, Dr Bahil wants to go out unescorted because of us. Well, then, that's her call and it's nothing to do with us. Training and mentoring. Security within the hospital. Shouldn't we offer assistance, sir? This is all about Dr Bahil, is it? Nothing to do with Omar and Captain Harte. Lane. Hey, what's going on with you, Georgie? You know, being back here... ..don't you ask yourself what the fuck it's all been about? I mean, look at this place. You telling me we made a scrap of difference? Look, I signed on to make the world a better place, Kingy. Didn't you? Are we making it a worse place? Look, we trust the people above to... SHE SCOFFS ..to see the bigger picture. No, we... No, nothing's changed. We haven't made any difference. Big picture, small picture, people have died. We've lost people, Kingy, and what for? Georgie. Colour. Sarge. All right, lads. You wouldn't believe it, but the old Prof's still out there staggering around. I thought he might need some medical attention. I'll make sure the Prof's alive, yeah? And if he is, I'll take the piss for us all. Good man. You knackered? No, I'm all right. SHE CLEARS HER THROAT Mm. Are you really going Lanzarote? Ha-ha. Yeah, why? Oh... Mate... Ha-ha, shut it. MUSIC: Eating Hooks (Siriusmo Remix) by Moderat How's your boy doing? Prof? Amazing. Just him and Poya now. Americans fell like nine pins. Of course they did. Yes, Prof! Here he is... Come on, Prof! ALL: Come on! Come on, Prof! Bring it in, Prof! THEY CHEER Bring it in, son! Come on, lad! Bring it in! Prof! B Section! THEY CHEER Yes, Prof! Hey, Prof, that's over 50 miles. You're a dark horse, aren't you? HE GROANS CHUCKLING Deep tissue massage, arnica ice, compression socks, protein and carbs, OK? Rest. I feel like I'm dead. No, I am dead. Just bury me. THEY LAUGH Something to tell the folks back home, eh? There is no-one back home. She left me. You only need one person to be proud of you, don't you? Well, we're all proud of you, Prof. Hey, Prof, Prof. You see that? That's why we picked you. We had every confidence you were going to win. Isn't that right, Colour? Oh, yeah. Not half. Top boy. My theory was whilst the other competitors sprint around to get more rest time, I go at a more sedate pace, so need less recovery time. Oh, yeah, yeah. The old Hare and the Tortoise story. That one, is it? A book even you might have read, Throbber. Come on, let's get him up. OK. Come on then, champ. HE GROANS Let's move him on. HE GRUNTS Hey, I don't know how you did it, champ. He never gave up, sir. Shame that we are. HE GROANS You all right? Yeah, yeah. Hey, it's all you, this. THEY CHUCKLE She doesn't like taking orders, does she, Colour? No, not if she feels those orders aren't right. That is our job, though, isn't it, Colour? Taking orders? That's what we do. You interrogate them. Sir. MUFFLED SPEECH ON PHONE: I feel like you understand everything. I'm being all sincere here. I'm trying to tell you that I don't want a life without you in it. VOICEMAIL: Message saved. To listen to the message again, press 1. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I can barely bend my legs. Just had to take a shit standing up. Like a cow. How do you feel, Poya? Our boy smashed it. HE CHUCKLES Brace up. As you were, guys. Right, there was good effort, good focus all round yesterday. Need you hitting your pits early because 0400 hours, we launch Op Homeward Bound. Sir. Thanks, Colour. Op Homeward Bound. A security operation to protect the medics, allied and local, as they continue with essential vaccination work in the field. Dr Bahil is adamant she wants to travel into the Kowt-e Ashro region tomorrow. Unescorted. That means she wants no visible military presence. The area is a collection of small towns with outlying compounds. But this region allows us to secrete troops into the mountains, hidden but with eyes on, ready to move in an emergency. So Dr Bahil will be protected, but at a discreet distance, which hopefully allows her to do her job as we do ours. What has been agreed with Dr Bahil is that a plain-clothed military medic will escort her throughout, working as close security as well as administering vaccinations. Dr Antonio has offered to work in this capacity. Sergeant Lane? Sir, wouldn't it be better if that was a female? Last time, male presence seemed to cause aggravation. Dr Antonio has offered to go. We think that's appropriate. Yeah, but I have a good working relationship with Dr Bahil. And so does Dr Antonio! Sir, honestly, it mustn't be a male. Set? Yes, sir. Weapon? Thank you - for arranging this. It was Second Lieutenant Hurst, not me. I'll keep her safe. You keep yourself safe, too. You ready? ENGINE STARTS Eyes on ambulance, sir. They've arrived. We work in shifts. We need to keep our medics safe. We have the addresses and dates of birth for all the children in the region. We visit each dwelling, insist on treating the children, do it with speed and efficiency and move on to the next dwelling. HURST: Keep a low profile. Remember, some are hostile to female medics here. Communication is key, Sergeant Lane. While we have light, we can see any movements in or out of the area. Homeward bound before dusk. Darkness renders us effectively blind. Vehicle has been stopped, sir. Two males approaching. IN PASHTO: She will just...down at the first sign of... She's a soldier, she knows what she's doing. I'm just looking out for her. Stay focused. Any problems, we need to move quickly. The two males appear to be moving away, sir. You need to hide the watch. Stay close, Poya, yeah? One zero alpha, this is one zero bravo. Alighting car. Side arm checked. Poya monitoring area, over. One zero bravo to one zero alpha. Our primary mission is to keep Dr Bahil safe. Roger. Thanks for sorting, sir. That sounded like a thank you, Kingy. Remember she's a known target to local insurgents. So we really need eyes on. Over. There are three children here we need to vaccinate. Dera manana. Manana. One zero bravo to one zero alpha. Repeat. We need eyes on, over. She's gone inside. They're not always going to be able to inoculate from outside, sir. Let's speed this up. OK. Manana. Eyes on, sir. Sir. Sir, there's a busy fucker on a moped. Throbber, how can you not look busy on a moving moped? I don't like them buzzing round like that. How do we know what they're thinking? Shall I neutralise? You going to shoot everyone in Afghan on a moped, you're going to need a hell of a lot of bullets, that's for sure. Well, if you want me to, Colour, it'd be my pleasure. What on Earth were we thinking, giving you a weapon? Well done. Her temperature's down. Good. You are getting better. Monk? Here you are, lad, give us a lug of that. I'm parched. Sharing's caring, man. We've finished this area. About to move on, sir. Roger that, out. Colour. Boss. As soon as you've finished your scoff, I want you, Fingers, Throbber to switch focus to south of the village. Boss. Lane's moving shortly. We need to have eyes on any potential threats. Bring me the list. Thank you. Lane, we have eyes on south village. Keep vigilant for threats to Dr Bahil. Remember, compounds of interest are... One five five, one two eight, one one four, one seven nine. What's a compound of interest, Colour? Known insurgent activity within. Antonio told me you requested to join me. Thank you. Well, it was either do this or my roots again. I shouldn't have said what I said about your fiance. HORN HONKS I'm sure there's a part of you that wants revenge. They shot my husband in the street like a sick dog. Bang. Walked away. I'll get my revenge by carrying on his work. My fiance was killed on a mission to get Omar. And that's why Afghanistan has drawn you back. No, they just send me here. The British Army is all over the world and you chose to come here. It's just chance. You volunteered. These things don't happen by chance. Sir, Giti's gone. Her bed's empty. Where is she? Is she not on the ward? Maybe someone's taken her to the wash block. Her uncle came. What do you mean her uncle came? He took her. Well, he can't just take her cos she's not ready to be discharged yet. She needs 24-hour care, he can't just take her. Well, he saw a sign. Your sign. Is he allowed to just take her, sir? What can we do if the family decide to take her home? Did you even try and persuade him not to take her? How do we know that she's being looked after? Cos we don't know where she is so she could have been taken anywhere. What are we going to do? We carry on. Get on with your duties, soldier. INAUDIBLE Straight to zero. We're losing the light. Security vehicles will be monitoring and following once you're outside the town. Out. Infidel! INDISTINCT SHOUTING One zero bravo to one zero alpha. Dusk closing in. Prepare to move. I need you withdrawing and heading back to zero, over. Roger that. Out. We need to head straight to zero. You're not allowed to leave the vehicle for any reason. It's getting dark soon and they won't have eyes on. Sir. Excuse me, sir. There's one particular moped. It's been following them. I clocked it a while ago. Stay in the vehicle. Go straight to zero... STATIC ON RADIO Stay near the... You're being followed. Leave immediately. I repeat, leave immediately. Nice one, Prof. It's the woman from the other day at the school. With the irate husband. No, don't... Sir, they've got out. Stay in the vehicle, keep moving. Repeat, stay in the vehicle, over. Suspect following on foot, sir. She's not responding. Sir, Lane has company - and they're armed. We need to get to the village now. Everybody on me. Let's double away - zeros, fives and twenties. She wants us to inoculate her children. Get the bag and let's do it quickly. Poya, stay close. I'll be right there. Monk, let's go. Lane. Lane, multiple insurgents approaching. Do you copy? Sir. Sir, we need to get to Georgie and Dr Bahil. Bag. There are two children here. I'll inoculate them. She has a fractured eye socket. We need to get her to a hospital. Not our immediate business. Shall we take her and the children? We cannot interfere in their lives. GUN COCKS WHISPERING: Shit. Come, come. That's it. That's it. HE GRUNTS GUNSHOT Shit. Throbber, easy! Follow me. Keep low. GUNFIRE We're being ambushed. Move. Move! HURST: At least five insurgents surrounding Lane. Engage at will! We have to get them back to the vehicle! Right, move, move, move. Throbber, they're round that corner! Coming through, coming through! GUNFIRE Prof on me! On me! Order, order, protect Georgie! I'm pinned down! Keep your head down. Move them away! Keep to the door! Come on! Clear! Right, let's move. Move! SHE GASPS Right, come, come. Follow me, follow me. Monk! Kingy! On Lane! On Lane! INDISTINCT SHOUTING Stay down. Clear the alley, clear the alley! MAN YELLS Clear! Move, move, move! Right, let's go. Kingy, on Lane! GUNFIRE CONTINUES MUSIC: I Put A Flame In Your Heart (Vessels Remix) by Matt Emery ECHOING: Prof, you've killed the last one! Prof, on me! All clear. Get her to the vehicle. Get in the car. Get in. Poya... Wait! Where are you going?! Poya! She's gone! They've got her! Kingy! Poya. # I put a flame in your heart... # They've got her. Kingy! # Now it burns for two... # All right, Poya. Shit! # I put a flame in your heart... # She's gone. They've got her. All right, two section! All round to base. 360. # Now it burns for two... # Keep breathing, just keep breathing. Keep breathing, just keep breathing. # I put a flame in your heart # Now it burns for you. # Shit. Unless the elections are called off, I will be killed. Come on. We've got to do something here. It's down to me. I mean, was I that determined to get to Omar? Her emotional involvement makes unpleasant listening, Mr Hurst. GUNSHOT AND SHOUTING I don't think I can do this any more, Fingers. # I put a flame in your heart # Now it burns for you # I put a flame in your heart # Now it burns for you # I put a flame in your heart # Now it burns for you. # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 