Our Girl: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Our Girl 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Our Girl (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Molly enjoys herself at the platoon's sports day but is brought back to reality by the sight of three young Afghan soldiers murdered by the Taliban. She and Smurf are flown back to Britain for home leave, Molly meeting Smurf's mother, still grieving for his dead brother. With her parents arguing over her mother's decision to become a teaching assistant Molly does not feel comfortable and both she and Smurf are relieved to be back in Afghanistan though Molly is shocked when Smurf says he loves her. Molly's real love is James and she comes close to confessing as they rescue local soldier Sohail, who has been badly beaten by Bashira's father Badrai because he would not kill Molly 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 She risked her life to save yours. I'm there for you, Molls. - Nice kettle, mate. - Rolex. - How old are you? -18. Talk about easy targets. Bashira's father is clearly in league with the insurgency. We're soul sisters. Am I going to die? Move! Where are they taking her, sir? They're willing to help remove Bashira from 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 her family and into a safe house in Kabul. - Things could have all been so different. - Lady Luck was smiling on us. This time. ♪ Good golly, Miss Molly 4 Yeah, you sure like to ball ♪ Good golly, Miss Molly 4 Yeah, you sure like to ball Come on, Dawes! You're about to go on a two-week holiday. Have some human decency and put some bloody effort in! Human decency? This is war, innit? It's healthy competition! Dig in! ♪ ..knew about Miss Molly, gotta watch out for myself ♪ Good golly, Miss Molly 4 Yeah, you sure like to ball 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 4 When you're shaking and a-shiving ♪ Can you hear your mama call? 14 hours on a flight with the wit and wisdom of the Smurf. You've won the lottery of life getting R & R with me, Molls. You reckon? Want me to book us a couple of tickets to the Mile High Club? ♪ From the early, early morning to the early, early night 4 I caught Miss Molly rocking at the house of blue lights ♪ Good golly, Miss Molly 4 Yeah, you sure like to ball 4 When you're rocking and a rolling ♪ Can you hear your mama call? Shut up, I'm trying to tell a story! Will you guys shut up and get washing? What is your problem, face-ache? Oil Sorry, boss, I thought you were Sohail. You wouldn't share your breakfast with Sohail? No way! I'm not letting him dip his spoon in my Coco Pops! I take it that's not meant to be a euphemism, Dawes. If I knew what one of them was, sir, I'd let you know. Sohail is a well-dodge geez. If I knew what one of those was, I'd let you know. I haven't had Coco Pops in bloody ages. Mm! - What? - What? Captain James? We've not had comms from the mountain checkpoint this morning. Kinders! Have they ever not responded before? Every morning, they check in and give me the night report. Today, nothing. If they'd had contact... This is serious enough for the Special Forces. - I'm gonna need a medic. - What's happened, boss? There may have been an incident at the mountain pass. - Kinders. - Two Section, double in, full kit! This may well mean your R&R;'s out the shitter, I'm afraid, Dawesy! War Rages On ♪ The war rages on 4 You'll be at my side ♪ Through it all 4 Through hardships unseen ♪ We still survive ♪ Fortified Guys! It looks deserted. Maybe cos they've deserted, boss man. The other side offered ‘em a dollar more, that's what happened. Something don't feel right, sir. Taj? Azizi? The Afghan Special Forces are going to investigate. Let's focus up until we know what's going on up there. Stand by for an ambush, fellas. Medic! Medic! Medic! Dawes! Let's go! Kinders! Examine and confirm death. He's just a kid, Qaseem. Examine and confirm death. No pulse. I think we all know what happened here. I don't care what they get paid, it ain't enough. They're just kids, Smurf. It's sick. Gotta be green on green. They'd have radioed it in if there'd been contact. They shoot their own, don't they, Afghans? Mind you... they'd shoot us, given half a chance. Glad to see you're cutting down. I will do, one day. When there's less... Jitterbug in my head. Reckon we'll still get home today? There's not much a medic can do for them poor buggers. A replacement medic is on her way. You leave in one hour. - What, boss? - You're going home. Oh, OK. - What's the matter? - Nothing, it's just... They didn't deserve to die like that. One lad wasn't much older than Bashira. He would've said he was 18, or wouldn't have been allowed to enlist. Do you think she's all right? Yeah, I do. I think you allowed her an opportunity she wouldn't have been given. But I'd love to write to her one day. You know, when this is all over. - Just to make sure she's all right. - She'll be fine. How long do you think you'll stay in for, Dawes? The Army, sir? I dunno. It's hard to plan ahead, if you know what I mean. Like today. Confirming those kids were dead. They shot my mate Rolex Boy point blank. He never stood a chance. I just feel so sad about it all sometimes. Rolex Boy, Bashira... I just wish that I could sort it all out. Don't think too much. Just...do the job you're bloody good at and we'll be home by Christmas. Now, erm... I have a request for you. Boss? I've had my Nespresso machine sent over at great expense. To the taxpayer. But fully justifiable, cos I'm not a fully functioning soldier ill I've had a morning coffee. A tea bag does me, boss. Now, Dawes, London. Nespresso shop in Regent Street. Go and buy me some Rosabaya coffee capsules. And I will adore you for always. Always, sir? Come back to me. I will. Don't worry. Oi, boss man! Er...handover with the temp medic and get your kit packed. I want protein shakes, chocolate flavour. Some Marmite, a big bastard, yeah? 500 grams minimum. Get us some more boxers. Anything - Primark will do. You got skiddies in the rest of them! Nah, mate, I use yours for that. Bring back some eye drops. All this dust's getting in my eyes and I'm in agony. I'd say that's the early stages of cataracts. I swear that's where we do basic training. Catterick! Sensodyne toothpaste, the one that dentists recommend. We are going on our bloody holidays. So would you lot kindly... Wool - Good luck, you two. - Where's Sohail? He's gone AWOL. I fucking knew it! Taliban. You should have let me shoot him on day one, boss. I'll pretend I didn't hear that. Might have saved four lives on the mountains. Maybe if we find him, we can invoice him for the four body bags. Oi, behave. - Am I right or am I right, boss? - It's not always that straightforward. We're not wholly bad or good. Go. See you later, suckers! - Don't forget the toothpaste. - See you later, Moll. If Sohail's gone AWOL, then...something might happen. - Gol - But you might gonna need a medic. - We might gonna already got one. - Well, she ain't me. Dawes... I can't go. Go. That's an order. I need that bloody coffee. 4 So a miracle man must have shot me while I wake Go, go, go, go! 4 I never run fast enough, oh, my mistakes ♪ Would you really want me in the light of day? ♪ That very same man shot flaws right through my face You all right? I dunno. You what? Too many people are dying. What are you talking about? Nothing. I just can't get this morning out of my nut. We'll be home soon. I can't wait to meet your family. Well, that's never gonna bleeding happen. - Don't fight it. - What exactly am I fighting? Your feelings for me. Just for clarity, if you were the last bloke on the entire globe, and you had a face and a personality transplant, I'd still rather go without. You say that, but you wouldn't be able to resist. Feed them swans, baby. - I'll get my mum to give you a lift. - You're all right. I know I am. Anyway... it's time you met my family. You deluded, big-eared Welsh prannick. I'm a fucking war hero. What's a prannick? I dunno, I'll ask my nan. Touch me again, and I'll break your arm. Maybe if we weren't in the same platoon... Zipit. Hi, Mum. Are you OK? I never thought I'd see him again, Molly. You know we lost his brother out there? Yeah. Yeah, I do. When his brother died... they knocked on my door and said there'd been an incident. They said they'd got him back to Camp Bastion hospital. They said he was stable...but serious. And then they came back later and said he'd died of his injuries. I'm sorry. With Smurf... they knocked on my door and said there'd been an incident. They'd got him back to Camp Bastion hospital. But they said... he was stable. And then they never came back and knocked on my door. That's shit. I'm sorry. I couldn't wait to see him. Or to hold him. Did I make a prize tit of myself at the airfield? You made a prize tit out of him. What? - Where you going, Moll? - I'm just gonna jump out here. Why? We can just drop you at the station. It's only a two-minute walk. I could do with stretching my legs. Are you sure? Yeah, yeah, it's what I want, I promise. The station's only round there, I recognise it. I've been sitting on my arse now for 20 hours. I'll text you, yeah? I'll be in the Earl of Wakefield having Jager Bombs, you'll be schlepping to Newport. Do you even know where Newport is? I don't know, don't care. Let go of me, then, you spam. - Thank you, Mrs Smurf. - Take care, love. - See you later. - See you later. She's lovely. Is she your girlfriend? Don't get fucking involved, Mother. How am I getting involved? - Do you want a drink? - Yeah, go on. What do you want? Anything. - Well, what? - Anything. Well, Coke or Fanta... Anything! Fucking anything! Anything. Hi, can I have a number for a cab company, please? I don't have a clue where I am. Mum? Yeah, I'm two minutes away. Here, what's happened to the Earl of Wakefield? It's gone. Molly! Molly! Hiyal Oh, hello! Hello, mate! All right? Dad, hope you've got the hot water on, I need a shower. I'm minging. Help her with her bags, then. Hello, Molls. Don't do this on the landing, I told you. Go down there. Go down there! Is that better? Yeah, I think that's all the dust and shit and sand out. The water going down the plughole was yellow. I wish I could have a shower and get rid of all my dust and shit. Although it'd take more than that to make me feel better. Why, are you unhappy? Well, I'm all right but... Does anybody want a drink? No, I'm all right, thanks, Dad. We'll crack on it later, though, yeah? What's happened to the Wakefield? It's gonna be apartments, they reckon. Another nail in me coffin. He can still drink down the Central, can't he? Or the Denmark Arms, or is he still barred? - Stop pretending you don't get it. - What? I've got friends telling me I've got potential. You can still have potential at my age, can't you? - Yeah. - Exactly. But I can't if your dad's gonna be a complete bell end. You will support me, won't you, Molls? Like I've supported you. Right, Shazza's outside. - Who? - The one I've been telling you about. - The one who... - Exactly. She's been really good to me, Molls, and I've right needed her, what with you being away. - You shouldn't have. - I enjoy spoiling you all. Oh, you must be Molly. I'm Shazza. Just gonna take this into the kitchen. It's so kind of her, innit, Molls? So kind of you, Shazzal She don't look like a Shazza. Well, what does a Shazza look like? Tats...and a bit more meat on the bone. Well, actually, I was born Felicity Baron. Married and became Felicity Middleson but I'm nobody's property. So I chose a name that suited me. I suppose Lady Gaga ain't her real name either. It's good to meet you, Molly. And I'm really sorry for what you're having to go through at the moment. - What do you mean? - Afghanistan? I went on the march. "Not in my name". But I guess you had no other options. Shazza works at the primary. Don't you think your mother would make a wonderful teacher? A teacher? Well, teaching assistant. Every journey starts with a first step. Shazza's got faith in me. It's not a matter of faith, Mum, it's a matter of GCSEs. I think she'd be a great addition to the profession. Right. I'm gonna go get the onions out of the camper van. I'm gonna make a soup. Sounds nice. She makes her own soup? - Be nice. - And she's got a camper van? She's sticking her hooter in a bit, ain't she, getting involved? Getting involved is a good thing. And she cares about me. Well, I care about you. Yeah, but you're not here, are you? I just want everything to be the same, Mum. Well, you're not. You can write Bashira a letter, if you want. Why? She's probably never had a letter before. Well, can she read? No. That'll be why, then. Am I going fo die? Do you like onion soup? Is that what that honk is? I thought Dave was skinning up in the kitchen. Molly, are you gonna have some of my soup? My nan was telling me you've become a part of the furniture round here. Well, I'm your mum's friend. And when a friend asks for guidance... Like her becoming a teacher? That's never gonna happen. Teaching assistant. And, yeah. Yeah, it can happen, quite easily. Not when she's got a baby. She's also got a husband who can lend a hand, surely? - What's that got to do with you? - All I'm saying, Molly, is why can't she have something she can be proud of in her life? You've got your Army. Oh, it's my Army? - Well, you joined. - Have you got a problem with that? Thanks to us, there hasn't been another 7/7. There wasn't one before 7/7. - Sorry, Shazza. - It's fine. I say, that's the first time I've ever agreed with your dad on anything. Eh? She needs being rolled in a carpet and lobbed off a bridge onto the M25. Have you had any of her soup? What do you think about Mum going to work? I think she needs a check-up from the neck up. You don't think she's started batting for the other side, do you? Not that anything's wrong with that. I wouldn't say no if that Princess Grace of Monaco took a fancy to me. In her prime, of course, not now. She's dead, isn't she? All right, Mol. My mother's a lesbian. Come to Newport. Is it on the tube? Newport? Bloody English. If it's past Barnet, then I ain't coming. Come over. I'm just...sat in my room. I might as well be in Afghan, to be honest. I'm supposed to be getting some rest and recuperation from the likes of you. Molls...no one else understands. OK, I'll come. Ditch the flowers, you noofter. There you are. You don't like 'em? Bin, now. You're joking? What is this, a Tampax advert or something? Beer? You pisshead Taffs. Go on, then. How are you, you all right? So how many people have you killed, then? Loads, mate, and I'll add you to the list if you carry on staring at my tits. You all right? Yeah, you? Sort of. I don't feel... Normal. How long until everything gets back to normal? It can't, can it? I think we'll just put Afghan in a little box and shove it under the stairs. -Eh? - Out of our minds. Don't go near that fucking box, that's when you get proper fragged. How do you think they're all doing? I don't like it that they're there without us. We all need to be together. Let's hope they've caught old scar face Sohail. I dunno if he pulled the trigger but he definitely had something to do with what happened at the mountain pass. I knew from the off he was Taliban. He could've already pulled another little stunt. It don't bear thinking about. This R&R; is unbearable. We've got each other. You better get over here, Smurf. It's £89.20. Right, then, you shitheads! Cheers, boss. Go on, get that down you, Smurf. Come on. Come on, Smurf. Boys. What's up? No one can ever know, not really. What? It's impossible to explain, innit? There we go. We've got to look after each other. Well, I'm looking after you. I know that. You agree with me? You're my mate. - I'm glad you came down to see me. - I'm glad too. Although I have to be honest, Smurf, Newport is a bit of a shithole. Don't push your luck. I'll show you the most beautiful sight in the world. Where are we going? It's not the countryside, is it? I hate the countryside! Trees give me the willies. I love a bit of Laugharne, me. - Not too shabby, eh? - It's all right. The most important place in the world to me. That's why I had to share it with you. We scattered my brother here. Boss man stood just about where you are now. Captain James was here? - And he liked it, yeah? - Loved it. He loves Dylan Thomas. That's where he wrote all his stuff. Captain James knew all about it. He read a bit of it when we scattered Geraint. It was... Perfect. He always knows what to do to make everything just right. The boss man's spot on. It's a fluke. Every bloody thing. It's a fluke. Where we're born, who you meet, who you fall in love with. It's all fluke. We're here, Smurf, but anything could happen. One of us could stand on a mine or get sniped or green on blue...anything. Like you getting a battle casualty replacement call and joining the Under Fives. - If I hadn't joined the Under Fives... - We'd never have got back together. Don't push it, mate. I done a project on butterflies when I was in primary school. - They only live for a day, don't they? - No, that's mayflies. See them stingers there? That's where butterflies like to lay their eggs. Them eggs turn into caterpillars, then the caterpillars turn into butterflies. Bosh! What? The life cycle of a butterfly. You learn something new every day. Pirbright, Afghan, shot or fragged... prison... the life cycle of a squaddie. Catterick, Afghan, war hero... knighted, big bastard house in Newport, life cycle of me. I think that's the life cycle of someone a bit higher up in the chain of command than you. Maybe the boss man. Except he would never move to Newport. You never know. I think we do. Captain James would never really mix with the likes of... The likes of us? The likes of you, I was more thinking. - Fate's thrown us together. - Captain James? Me and you. Molls, I've got an idea. Let's go London. We need to be together. - What did he read? - Who? The boss man, at Geraint's funeral. "We are not wholly bad or good Who live our lives under Milkwood And thou, I know, wilt be the first To see our best side, not our worst" I'll look after you. Don't you worry about that. Where are we going? London. Am I coming? Yeah, of course. How else can I look after your ugly mug if you're hundreds of miles away? Classic! Why would anyone want to live in a shithole like this? It's sort of beautiful in its own way. No, mate. Sort of....shit. You're a know-nothing Newport wank stain. What are you gonna do with your deployment money? I dunno. I'm going to Vegas. I'll have about 14 grand. I'm gonna stick the fucking lot on red, you know, the roulette wheel. And I'll walk away with 28 grand. Tidy! Come with me to Vegas and [I'll let you put the money on for me. You can bring me luck. I ain't go anything to wear. I'll get you something nice - red and silky. Mm, classy! All dressed up like a gangster's moll. Walk into the casino and whack my dough down. That does sound cool. Eugh... That's a proper binding contract, that. You and me to Vegas. I might have even persuaded you to marry me by then. ♪ There's a fallen shore ♪ I know 4 And I'm thinking of home tonight ♪ There's spark in our eyes ♪ But I'm letting you down tonight Are you asleep, Mum? What's the matter? - Where's Dad? - He's gone to sleep downstairs. Smurf's down there. Well, he'll sleep somewhere. Or he'll sit up all night drinking. What's gonna happen, Mum? You used to snuggle in with me every night. Yeah, until you had all them other little bleeders. Then there was no room for me. I love you lot. I do. I love you to bits. But why can't I have a job and have kids? I'd be home by lunch time. Is it too much to ask your dad to help out? No, I don't think it is. Really? I wanted to reach out and all. Eh? I could have stayed at the nail bar but... I wanted to try something different, see if I could do it. You've done well for yourself. I'm having a go. She's helping me believe in myself, Shazza. I mean, God knows why. Sometimes you can become friends with someone you never thought you could ever be friends with. And the differences just disappear and... just being with them makes you happy. I knew you'd understand. Just don't let her ruin anything here. Why would she do that? She's coming in between you and the people you love. You still love Dad, don't you? Yeah. I mean, he makes me wonder why half the time, but... he's all right. Good. Tell me the truth. Do you think I should knock it on the head and just... Carry on washing Dad's pants? No. No, just go for it. Just let Dad know he's loved and he'll be there. He'll lend a hand. I know he will. Arr, give me your toes! Right, there's bacon, bread, eggs. - Are the eggs free range, Mum? - That's a myth. Beans. What's a myth? It's something what's bollocks. That's a myth. Can I just say, Molls? You got a good 'un there. Nan, I'm a trained killer. Say anything stupid and I will render you speechless. Take it from someone who knows. A good 'un comes along once a lifetime if you're lucky. I ballsed up and chose your granddad cos he had a Triumph Herald. I let the good one go. So if that Triumph Herald hadn't come down the road at that precise moment in time, you'd be with your good 'un? I'd have never had all that grief from your granddad. And me and Mum wouldn't exist. Swings and roundabouts, I suppose. Come here, you little monkeys! Dinosaur! Raar! I'm now a monster! I'm not a horse any more! I see Nan's come round with her moody food. All nicked. You all right? Fighting fit. I might join the bleeding Army. What, with your back? You don't know what you've got until it's gone. I'm trying to be really nice and everything, Moll. Well, maybe you've got to be nice for as long as you've been a twat. But I've always been a twat. I thought that's what your mum loved about me. Why can't she just stay at home and teach her own kids reading? Because she wants to go to a school anddoit and be appreciated and feel like she's moving on up. I don't want her moving on up! Dad... if you hold her hand, you'll move up with her. That's what's happening to me. Who's holding your hand? Well... mean the Army. Where are you going? She's right, you know. Everyone's a fucking smart arse all of a sudden. Jd Your creature comforts ♪ Won't save your soul ♪ But you've found a way to lighten the load ♪ And your family secrets ♪ Are safe and sound ♪ And you keep on trying Do you need any help? This... This whole shop is just for coffee? Yes, madam. There you go. Rosabaya. Certainly, madam. Look after her, Smurfy. I'll do my best. Mum, I'll text you when I get to Brize. Here, I'll take him. - Love you. - Love you. Hello, mate. 0i, oil I'm glad you're back safe! Anything could happen in that London! Smurfy looks like the cat who's got the cream! He's been hanging out of her back doors all R&R;, believe it, mate! - I reckon! - What was that? Have a look. Said goodbye to the boy and hello to the man, sirl No need to faff about unpacking, we're going back to Bastion. All right, boys? - Your eye drops are in there. - Cheers. Let's have them. - All right, boss? - All right, Dawes? Eggy says we're out of here, back to Bastion for the duration. That's right. Hand over with the temp medic. Helicopter's waiting. Yes, boss. Double away, then. Did you ask for extra small? I've just got a small waist, OK? Any news on Sohail? Still AWOL. I was worried he might try something. If anyone knows our secrets, it's him. - He ain't tried anything yet. - Maybe he's just lying low. - Waiting for you to come back. - Don't say that, that's creepy! How the hell did Mansfield Mike slice his forehead? Apparently he was shaving gangsta nicks into his eyebrows when someone burst a balloon behind him and made him jump. I bet the boss weren't too happy! Mainly because gangsta nicks are banned in the military. - Ready? - Yeah. - See you later, Molls. Sir. - Thanks, Jackie. You OK? Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? I'm glad to be back. It felt weird, I couldn't get my head back into normal. What, are you glad to be back to abnormal? I see your boots are wearing in all right. What? You haven't had your blisters checked by the medic. Well, maybe you can give them a once-over later. These are the medical emergencies I miss, sir. Out here in Afghan, I'm at the cutting edge of this conflict with your blisters. Are you really glad to be back? I wanted to come back. Oi, Molly, you went to bloody Newport and you weren't a hostage? You went to Newport? Old Smurf is a silver-tongued cav... Sorry, sir, didn't see you here. So? How big a shithole is it, then? ♪ Dawesy and Smurf boy sitting in a tree ♪ K-I-8-5--N-G Mm-mm! It's like being back at school. Ooh! Someone's tired! What have you said? I just said that we hung together. You know what the piss-taking bastards are like. - They're doing my nut in. - Ignore them. You haven't said anything happened other than what actually did? I haven't said anything. We just chilled in Newport and London. - It wasn't a secret, was it? - No, it wasn't a secret. - Drink some water. - Why? The journey, heat and that. You might be a little... I'm quite capable of knowing when to drink water, thanks. Molls! I'm not stupid. I told you, I know you don't want to go out with anyone in the platoon. No, Smurf, no. I don't want to go out with you. You're my mate, that is it. Why can't you just be my mate? Because I love youl! We just hung out. It was nothing. What are you telling me for? When are we off to Bastion, sir? 0600 tomorrow. You should probably pack. So this is the end, yeah? ♪ So goes the day ♪ Lost in my memories ♪ It's only fate ♪ Some things aren't meant to be ♪ Who needs to know? ♪ Looking for reasons 4 When life casts a stone ♪ Leaving me screaming inside J4' So much for love ♪ Lost you all over again ♪ Covered in blood 4 You had the sense to stay ♪ Calm and contained ♪ There's no sense in crying my blues for my brain ♪ Leaving me standing outside ♪ Show me a sign ♪ Something that's shining Jd Like tears in your eyes 4 You can surprise me 4 Cos I want to be the one you return to ♪ If you'd just believe 4 You're not alone in the world, girl ♪ It's only fate ♪ It's everything you've bargained for ♪ It's only fate ♪ It's everything you've bargained for ♪ It's only fate ♪ It's everything you've bargained for ♪ It's only fate ♪ It's everything you've bargained for ♪ It's only fate ♪ It's everything you've bargained for The kids are going to school! Try not to run the little bleeders over or it'll all have been a bit of a waste of time! Our work here is done. So, are we at Camp Bastion till draw down, sir? - Until we're told otherwise. - Sweet! Sir, there's only boys. There's only boys going to school, sir. We've been called back to Bastion, Dawes. The ANA are in control of the area. It has nothing to do with us. Are we nearly there yet, or what? Chill! 4 The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round 4 The wheels on the bus go round and round all day long 4 The gun on the bus goes bang, bang, bang ♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang 4 The guns on the bus go bang, bang, bang - Shit! - Whoa, whoa, whoa Sheet pinned down by rocks. Looks like there could be a body underneath. Blood all over the sheet, sir. Probably booby-trapped. I'm ready, boss. I want you guys out and covering. Dawes, you come with me. I'll barmer your way, boss. Need you on that gun, Smurf. It moved! It fucking moved! I swear, sir. Did anyone else see that? Sure it wasn't just the wind? I'll investigate. You wait out until I call you in. Dawes, what the hell are you doing? Molly! - You got a death wish? - Maybe. Anyway, it's good to have some quality time together. Is that why you're risking your neck? Nothing happened with Smurf. - Well, at least now I know. - Know what? I never thought you would look at someone like me. I thought you were out of my league. What are you trying to say, Dawes? I'm just saying. I'm fond of you, sir. And I wanted to tell you in case we get to that sheet, and someone detonates it and we're blown to smithereens. Let's continue this conversation back at Brize Norton, shall we? Isn't love stronger than Army regulations? Nothing is stronger than Army regulations. Do you love me? Sohail? - Sohail? - Vallon the perimeter. Sohail, just... just stay with me, all right? I'm gonna need you to give me them evil eyes again, OK? Kinders, it's Sohail. Wait out. We're gonna need to Casevac him out of here, ASAP. Kinders, make sure they sent a Mert. Cat A injured ANA. Roger that Let me die. - Tell them to let me die. - Just keep your head still for me, OK? He says he has nothing to live for. We've all gotta have hope. I'm a West Ham fan, I know what I'm talking about. Who did this to you, Sohail? Taliban. They asked me to do something. They beat me up because I said no. Is he gonna make it? Massive internal bleeds. We'll operate and try to alleviate some pressure but... How are you doing, mate? Hang in there for us, yeah? They kidnapped me and beat me up. Anything to do with the green on green at the mountain pass? No. Was it something to do with Bashira? Her father, Badrai, sent her to spy. That's why...I tried to keep her away. He said...I had to say where she is. You didn't tell him, did you? He mustn't know where she is. I don't know where she is. So they beat you with rocks? They beat me with rocks because... ..I wouldn't kill someone. Kill who, Sohail? He's gone off. He's gone offl Suddenly dropped his GCS. Blood pressure going up, his pulse is dropping. No radial pulse. - No carotid pulse. - Let's get him into the scanner. Call an anaesthetist. You're gonna be all right, I'll get you out of here. Stay with me, OK? The insurgent known to us as Badrai is on his way to Kabul with a cache of explosives. This mission will determine how successful our time in Afghanistan has been. It's not Badrai. Bashira. She's safe. Not any more. Man down! Man down! I want you to be the last thing I see. Ditto. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 