Philip Marlowe, Private Eye: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Philip Marlowe, Private Eye 
 s1e2 - The King in Yellow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Philip Marlowe, Private Eye (1983–1986): Season 1, Episode 2 - The King in Yellow - full transcript 
 King Leopardi was a big celebrity and an even bigger ladykiller, but when he winds up dead in a singer's boudoir all the evidence points to her. Marlowe is hired to find the real killers ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 *Trumpet* That was "Lonely Town" from King Leopardi and the delectable Dolores Chiozza! Next for all you night owls, it's Buzz Mason with Havana Cocktail! This is KPRC, from the heart of Hollywood! With music for you, from midnight through to 2:00. Night owl program. I just played one of his oldies. *Chuckles* OK pal. For a sober man on his job, anything. *Receiver Clicks* 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hollywood was sweating out, one of those Summer nights. So heavy you could peel the air, like paint off an old studio set. It was the first night, of the dullest job I'd ever taken. Relief house man, at the Carlton Hotel. One clerk, one cleaner. And just about the friendliest bellhop in L.A. for company. Here ya are Phil. Keep ya awake. Thanks Gaff, something has to... *Switchboard Buzzes* Front desk, Mr. Millar. -Take sugar? Sure! Millar: Could you repeat that please, sir? Now what are you up to? *Laughs* 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How long did it take you to perfect that trick?! OK thanks, I'll take care of it. Thank you. "Buzz Mason with Havana Cocktail!" "Now for the night man, over at the Carlton Hotel, here's King Leopardi, with his latest smash. Lady, you know my number." What are you Marlowe? The house dick or the house cat? Hmm...You know who that is? The guy in room 2-15, the King himself. Smooth as an angel's wings! Yeah well, your "angel" has escaped from heaven, and he's wakin' up the whole second floor! Shh-shh-shh! Here it comes! E above high C 2-22 says they're havin' a jam session up there! Out in the corridor! 2-22's probably a Philistine George. There are a lot of them in town these days. And you weren't hired as a music critic. C'mon get up there... And quiet em down Phil. Before we have a real problem. *Sighs* Do you want me to use chloroform or just my blackjack, huh? *Phew* "Lady, you know my number!" "Lady, you know my number!" "Lady, you know my number!" "Lady, you know my number!" "Lady, you know my number!" *E above high C* Da, Da, Da, Da, Da, Da, Da, Da-Da, Da, Da! OK King wrap it up! Da, Daaaaaaaa! -Stop!!! Flam fram, to the house dick! Alright Cinderella, I'll take you first. -Drop dead! Ah! C'mon Blondie! -Let go of me! You're paying to rent out a room, not the hall. Hey, getting kicks? I give out! Chance to come here on his neck! Unhand me... You lousy sleaze! Take your hands off me! *Agh uh!* *Groaning* *Crying* Open up in there! OPEN UP !!! The King's a friend of mine, let em in. Friend huh? You plan on massaging his trumpet or lifting his wallet? OPEN UP !!! *Moaning* Old Leopardi, don't know how to treat a lady. C'mon sweetheart, that torn pajama act is about as recent as the book of Revelations. Lay off, I'm sick! *Fake Coughing* OK, I'll say this once. You can sleep it off in here till the morning. Or take the bounce, make up your minds. We paid our rent, flatfoot! That's the one that kicks ya in the face, Cinderella! The hotel business *Sheesh!* Says you! Light's out yellow prince. It's 1:25 beddy-bye's. I never did like house dicks! You shut that thing off, or I'll do it for ya! *Sigh* King Leopardi does what he likes, where he likes... When he likes. You may be big on the band shell Leopardi. But, everywhere else you're just another citizen. With too much Jacko mean-mouth, and a lousy reputation. Blow that thing again, and I'll wrap it around your neck! Hey, gum-heel! *Huh!* You should'a told me, you wanted to make trouble Leopardi. *Pulls Out Pistol* Make something outta' this! You picked the wrong guy, brother. -Ugh... ahhh... You get dressed, or go out the way you are. It's all the same to me! Guys like Leopardi, don't check into second-class hotels without a reason. 7-2 All the swank places, knew what to expect and wouldn't let em in! Well... Now the Carlton was lettin' him out! *Switchboard Buzz* Yeah, George. Send Gaff Talley up to 2-15, and call a cab. *Coughing, Hacking* His majesty is checking out. *Hacking continues* *Receiver Clicks* *Psssh!* The bellhop kept shaking his head... And the desk clerk, looked like he was goin' to a funeral. Mr. Leopardi's bill George. Wait a minute Marlowe, I said quiet em down I didn't say throw em out. Marlowe huh? Ma-ha-har-lo. Sonny that name is imprinted in my brain. I'll uh, pass it around to a few friends. The bill George. Someone's going to pay, but it ain't gonna be the bill, wiseguy! I'm a guest of the owner, Jumbo Walters. Sorry for you gum-heel. *Huh* Real sorry. Thanks King! *Soft Chuckle* Is he right about, no bill? He's due to open at the Club Shalotte, that's why he's here. *Phew* That Jumbo... Wouldn't even spring for a suite, for a headliner like Leopardi. You acted too fast Phil. Throwin' him out. Not as fast as the bullet that missed me. Phil was only doin' his job, George. Just doin' his job. -Yeah maybe you're right. Leopardi had been close enough to thread a needle with his eyes closed. If he hadn't been drunk, I wouldn't be here I was looking for the empty shell when... I found something else... "$10 000 by tomorrow night, or forget the Club Shalotte. You will open in the morgue." "Remember Eve." Huh... Maybe Leopardi had a reason to get drunk. It took guts, to throw away a rat-caper threat like that. Whatever the state of his manners, King Leopardi was a star. Why would he check into a 2nd floor room, when the penthouse suite was free? There were a couple of small details about the floor plan... That didn't go down like vanilla either. Between the King and the hustlers, room 2-13 was empty. It had connecting doors... Both sides. All somebody had to do was unlock those doors and they could've formed a conga line With or without an invitation. *Knocks* *Opens Door* Congratulations! You just made the fastest recovery in drinking history. Yeah, what'd you know? I didn't just crawl out of my cradle sweetheart. And I'm not blinded by love, so how's about lettin' me in on the wheeze? We just stopped by to sell girl-scout cookies. Well.. No one's buyin' ... So you'd better sew up your pajamas, till the long longshoreman’s convention comes to town. Go pluck a duck! *Door Slam* *Snoring* *Snoring* A little light for an elephant hunt. But it would do a hell of a job on the average man. "Screen Extra's Guild" Miss Kitty Delorme, 21-86 Royal Apts. Courtly Hill. *Scoff* The names they give those places... A 5 C-note, tore in half. What would she have to do to earn the other half? I wondered... Hell, are you still haunting me? Did you apply to Sacramento for your license? Or do you classify this thing as personal jewelry? You lousy Bi-- -Alright, quit stallin' Who's paying you to put the bite on the king, and don't tell me it was... Blondie's idea. Cause 10 grand is too rich for a second string hustler! Nobody's puttin' the bite on anybody! Blossom here is an old friend of his. The fallen Blossom, Huh? Listen sister, Leopardi hasn't played the west coast in years. Last time he was here, "Blossom" was probably still in HighSchool! Get outta' here before I scream, rape! You already struck-out, on that one Miss Delorme. So why don't you do yourself a favour, huh? Turn Blossom over before she Snores the plaster off the walls, it's an old building. I just told em to quiet em down, sir. He's here, you want to talk to him Mr. Walters? Ye-- right. He want's to talk to you. What's the matter Jumbo, can't you sleep? Sleep? How can I sleep, with the kind of problem you're handing me? What the hell is going on over there? I don't like it when my entertainers are upset... Before they open at my club. I don't like it Marlowe! I particularly don't like it, when they're thrown out of my own hotel. Your entertainer took a shot at me! Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I like my stomach the way it is! One way in and one way out! I'm not going to argue with you! Nobody bounces my personal guests... Nobody. Now can you think of anything else I should like to say to you? Yeah. I'm canned. Very correct Mr. Marlowe. Good-night Mr. Marlowe. *Click* Sorry Phil, but you know I had to tell em. Jumbo's the boss Phil. -Yeah, sure he is. Key. And hardware. There's a busted mirror in Leopardi's room. You'll find his dinner on the carpet. -I hate to see you go like this Phil. Listen, uhhh... I'll take ya up on that invitation sometime. OK? Oh, the cabin! You go on out to Crestline anytime you want Treat the place like it was your own! I mean that Phil. I'll see ya around boys! Morning Steve, how you doin'? -Hi Mr. Marlowe. In 24 hours my executive suite, had hardly changed at all. 2 new bills, rush-in the first of the month Same 2 chairs, that had never been introduced. And a carpet, no cat would have kittens on. *Sigh* I needed a case. *Switches Fan* In my business, there are just 2 ways to pick up a job. Wait for it to knock on your door. Or go out and find it. Maybe this time, it had found me... The guy is a hood. I don't care what his Dr. says! So he was ill last week? Dangerously ill. He's dangerously well now huh? And I want em picked up! -There's a call for you Lt. Magee. What do you know about a guy named, King Leopardi? Never heard of em, who is he? -Top line horn-blower, out of Chicago. Last night hits town, and already there's somebody around... Who thinks Leopardi, shouldn't be. So what's that got to do with me? Well, I thought you might check him out for me, With the windy-city. Any connection with the mob, dope, the usual list. You gotta lotta' nerve Marlowe! What do you think I'm runnin' here an info bureau?! You said you owed me one, for the Spencer case. I did? OK, I'll see what I can do. What's this Leopardi to you anyway? I'm thinkin' of auditioning for him. Oh and Magee? Yeah? Uhh, too much candy rots your teeth. They're false already! Look get this guy's Dr. on the damn phone, Because I'm not gettin' screwed over, this whole deal of who dealed who. I drove over to the Club Shalotte, and Jumbo Walters. Walters' was more than a business man, and less than a racketeer. But as his empire grew, the line had gotten kinda blurred. Nothin' heavy, just the smell of over-ripe deals and greasy palms. His hobby was collecting. With some people it's stamps and butterflies, but Jumbo... It was talent. His club had all the class there was. So did the singer. "Where did that dream go?" Dolores Chiozza, A voice like angel cake, and a body, that would make a bishop, kick a hole in a stained glass window. "Did we lose the feeling?" "Did we lose the touch?" "Was it meant to happen?" "Did we try too much?" "And then love's story..." "We've been searching for..." "Was it all too much?" "For us to ask?" "Broken windows, empty rooms." "There's nothing left for me to do..." "Cause I lost the end of my rainbow..." "When I lost you !!!" "When I lost..." "You !!!!!" *Single Clapping* *Applause* It was too early for the dinner crowd, and too late for the afternoon drunks but, She had sung as if there wasn't an empty seat in the house. I liked that. What I didn't like, was an item about her in the paper, linking her name with Leopardi. Hey Mac? Leopardi show up yet? You a song plugger? Old friend of his from Princeton. "Princeton?" Could've been Yale... Upstairs, last door on the right. Thanks. I mean, I think you've really missed a trick Jumbo. You should've hired a bed, And dragged us both down Hollywood Blvd. in a searchlight parade! Publicity never hurt nobody, you can always deny it later! Publicity? I would rather go to the altar with King Kong, Than have my name linked with this ape! -Don't give me that! When I picked you up in Frisco you did on a strip tease in a cable car. I gave you your first break! And another one! When you kicked down my door, at the Golden Gate Motel. Oh, you were begging for it! Begging for it! *Chuckles* Like all those girls, you put in the hospital? Come here you... -Alright, hold it! Hold it! I gotta fill this place. -You get yourself another girl, Jumbo! I will finish up my week in the lounge bar, and that's it! This creep gives me leprosy! *Italian salute* You touch me again Leopardi, and I will kill you. God know's I've got reason... I did knock, but you all seemed kinda preoccupied. Stay outta' here flatty, or I'll snap yer neck! Will you relax Leopardi, I came here to offer you some help. Keep out of my life. Marlowe! *Sighs* The best way to admire that guy is on the radio. Well if he was like that last night. I can't blame you for bouncing him. Eh Phil?! May I? *Takes Card* -Kid, you got your job back at The Carlton! *Scoff* Thanks Jumbo, but I already moved on! You did? Yeah, you can uh, dock this from what you owe me, one day's pay. I think Mr. Marlowe, would like me to buy him a drink. *Tsk* Sounds like I just won second prize! -And what's the first? Lettin' me buy you one. So how long have you worked for Jumbo? 2 Weeks. -I liked your song a lot. Thank you..... Coke with a dash of bitters. That's what I like about Hollywood. You meet a better class of neurotics. *Bah-ha-ha* Well I'm an occasional drinker... The kind that goes out for a beer. And wakes up in Singapore with a full beard Philip Marlowe Nice name... But "Private Investigator" is really declassé. It should say "Investigations." Small, in the lower left-hand corner. I'll think that over. D'You want to tell me about you and the King? Let it be known, your clothes could be a lot jazzier. Longer collar points, and uh, fashion tie. If I ever get to know you better, maybe I'll take you shopping! You're not tellin me about you and Leopardi Alright... I sang for him once... But you don't just sing for Leopardi! Or for the apes in his band. If you take my meaning. You get the picture? Well, well... He'll open in the morgue? Sounds promising... Who's Eve? And where did you get this note? Leopardi threw it away last night. Just like that? -Just like that. *Scoff* Well maybe, he gets so many threats these days, they've gotten kinda like fan mail. -Threats from who? Philip, I've got you figured for a really nice guy. And I don't think you're hearing what I'm saying Leopardi walks through life, over a garbage pile... Littered with broken dolls. Some of em still twitching. Then it wouldn't be too hard, for a woman to to get to em. In private, with a gun. She'd earn a standing ovation from the whole female sex! I kept your card. And I've stayed too long. See ya round! You know what I'm paying that frail?!! -Look Fatso! I can tear up my contract, fix it so you wouldn't get the insurance. Fire the bitch! Don't tempt me Leopardi! Dolores can practically guarantee a full house, by herself! Full house? Full house... You wanna play house huh?! OK, We'll play house, uh... *Knocking* You be the door and I'll slam ya! You slam me, and you'll never work in this town again! HA! -Fresh delivery King. *Door Slam* Thank you sir. *Kissy Face* *Phone Rings* Marlowe. Who? Oh hello... Yeah sure, I'm naked. What can I do for you? Well how the hell did he get there? Alright, gimmie the address... Yeah, I'll be there when I can. *Clunk* Dolores Chiozza. The singer with a name like a song. She had called to say, that King Leopardi had passed out in her bedroom. Smellin' like a distillery. And she was worried that the maid would find him there in the morning. She wanted me to get him out. Moving that trumpet player outta bedrooms, was getting to be a full-time occupation. *Rings* *Smokes* *Peep-Hole Opens* Yes? Philip Marlowe. Miss Dolores is retired. -Break it up kid, she's expecting me. I don't think we've met. No... I'm Agatha Weston. Miss Dolores' personal assistant. Now would you mind, putting out your cigarette? *No Ashtray?* *Whatever* If you'll wait, I'll tell her you're here. With Leopardi drunk in the bedroom, Agatha, the personal assistant was playing it pretty cool. Unless, she was really the maid, And didn't know a damn thing about it anyway. It did cross my mind, that this could be a case of uhh... Lonely lady with a yearn for meeting private eye's in the middle of the night. Except that... Miss Chiozza was too beautiful ever to be lonely. Philip! Good of you to come! Why don't you fix us a couple of highballs? OK... I knew that you kept late hours, so I- -I thought we could discuss a contract. For the recording tomorrow. Will that be all Miss Dolores? Yes Agatha, thank you. Good-night. -Good-night Miss Dolores. *Sigh* OK, where's the bedroom? *Gasp* Philip, I-I just want you to understand one thing. I didn't invite him here! I don't even know how he got in! That's the truth I swear it! Lady, I charge $15 minimum for a house call And I was working all last night. What you do and who you do it with, is your business. Now where is "sleeping beauty" ? -He's not sleeping... OK, how drunk is he? He's not drunk! He's dead! Right through the heart. Contact wound, complete with cordite burns. Even pulled up his own pajama shirt. I've heard they do that. That's a nice touch. What? Cute little piece. Is it yours? Yes... Someone gave it to me in-in San Francisco. There were shells, but I didn't know how to load it. Bruises too... Very artistic! Philip, what am I gonna do? Call the cops. Why didn't you? Don't you know what this'll do to my career? *Scoff* The King's career, might fall off a little too now. *Clock Ticking* When did you get home? -After the show, around 2, I guess. And what's the first thing you did? Undressed... With that on my bed! With this, on your bed? C'mon downstairs and buy yourself a drink honey. "The King in Yellow." In a ladies bed, with a ladies gun. Wearing yellow silk pajamas. Maybe this was the way he wanted it... And maybe he didn't have a choice. Let me ask you something, did the King ever visit you before? No. Never! Why? So your's was the only bedroom he couldn't make? Huh? I didn't let him in the house Philip. Not tonight, not ever. Where was Agatha? Still at the club. -Why? She clears up the dressing room. And she never went into your bedroom? -I locked the door! *Rummages Purse* What are you doing?! -Finding out if you're a murderer. What? King didn't pull that trigger sweetheart. Everything's been arranged in there. Right down to his phoney pajamas. Uh, *Sniff* I don't understand. I packed his pajamas last night, when I bounced him out of The Carlton. His have initials on the front. Is this your house key? Yes. Why? King had one, just like it. On his own key ring. But I didn't... *Gasp* I never gav-- I never gav-- *Sharp Inhale* Oh my God! What's happening to me? C'mon, c'mon... Get your coat. Oh Philip, what do you think they'll do to me? If your prints are on that gun, Magee will throw the book at you. Nothin' says you can't arrive a little late I left the King in royal splendor and locked the bedroom door. If Dolores was telling the truth, Somebody had stitched her up tighter than a scotch man’s wallet! Even if the coroner came up with suicide, she'd be finished as an entertainer. From the moment she hit the headlines. Singer with a corpse on her pillow. The stink would last a lifetime and somehow I didn't think the D.A.'s office would give a damn, either way. *Light Click* You can stretch-out in here. Cocktails, glasses... W-Where are you going? I'll call you, try and get some rest. *Locks Her In* *Sobbing* Royal Apts. Courtly Hill. Home sweet home, for Miss Kitty Delorme. The screen extra, with a gun in her purse. It was so early, you could almost hear the sun come up. If I hadn't thrown Leopardi out of The Carlton maybe Miss Delorme would've waltzed through those connecting doors and earned the other half of that 5 C-note. By squeezing the trigger. Maybe she had. Only in a different bedroom. On a different night. Courtly Hills, was one of those crazy places nailed onto a Hollywood hillside, That you couldn't drive to, you had to take an elevator up to the street. Longer than a round trip to Siam! This end of Hollywood was peopled by unemployed actors. Here you could find anything, from kids who could tap-dance before they could walk. To cowboys who've never seen a cow. And... Ladies of anybodies evening... 21-86 was the second door along. *Knocks* Miss Delorme? The lock looked like, it might listen to reason, and I didn't have all day. *Picks Lock* The place only had 2 rooms. Both were empty. All the clothes were one size. The comb had only black hairs in it. So Blossom the collapsing blonde, probably didn't live here. Just Kitty, the torn pants brunette. Miss Kitty Delorme was home after all. But in no condition to receive callers. And the bruises on her neck looked kinda familiar. Leopardi had em too. Large hands, strong fingers. *These Fingers?* The half 5 C-note was still there. No sign of the gun. Kitty must've known her killer to let him in. Maybe she thought he'd come to pay her the other half of that note. She'd been paid-off now. Permanently! Looking for someone brother? Who the hell are you?! I'm the manager here. The janitor... the caretaker... And my brother's keeper! You don't look like one of her regulars... I'm not. Private investigator! What brings you to our little Sodom friend? Delorme girl... But, I'm a little late, somebody just killed her. One evil flows from another... And the wicked shall be struck down... Got a spare smoke on ya?! *Chuckle* You don't seem too concerned... Vengeance is mine saith the Lord. -Yeah? What do you saith? What the devil was that?!! Only one way down, elevator! *Flesh Wound* Sin, has burst from the gates of hell!!! You alright?! -Uggghh! Call the meat wagon! *Phone Ringin'* Hello? -It's me Marlowe. Oh, it's you! Listen uh, what time does Agatha get to work in the mornings? Okay. Don't take anymore calls, and uh, leave a little rye in the bottle will ya? I may need it. *Sigh* Okay... *Tsk* Hurry here, OK? Okay! Somebody had given Leopardi that key... And if it wasn't Dolores... Then Agatha the personal assistant, had to be top of the list. Maybe the killer paid her. And maybe she had a morbid interest in funerals. Oh it's you, I sent him the key, and the photograph. Just like you said... And it worked... They're still asleep, because her bedroom door's locked! But I need that key back! And you promised me the other 1/2 of that $500 Remember? *Skewered!* *Brakes Squeak* *Door Squeak* Gah! Ugh! *Un-Cocks Hammer* *Damnit!* So you missed em huh? -Yeah I missed em, my car doesn't fly Lt. ! 3 people are dead Marlowe! Now I'll do what I can to protect the reputation of this lil' lady but nobody... Nobody tells me how to do my job! You can be sure of one thing Miss umm... Chiozza. If you're innocent, we'll make sure everybody knows it. That you Captain. Now when you're ready... Det. Baker there will take your statement. And then he'll stay with you, till this whole mess is cleared up. Alright? -Alright. Well good-bye ma'am. Good-bye Captain, and thank you so much! And..... Don't worry about a thing! Good-day, "Captain." Philip... That threat note. Do you still have it? Yeah, why? What is it? Eve! I think that's what her name was, but I can't be sure. Who? Millar! That's it, Eve Millar. She was a singer! *Sigh* This could be a different girl entirely. A singer with Leopardi? -No, I-I mean I don't know maybe. Ask Walters, she was his girl. Jumbo's girl? Until she killed herself! I'll be right with you "Lt." I uh, I still have your card... Philip... -I'll be in touch! Don't be a piker, Marlowe. I'm running for office next year, would I pull a stupid stunt like this? Nobody doubts your devotion to the political well-being of Southern California Jumbo. But along with all that public front The smell of garbage, keeps creeping through the back door! You must think you know something pretty important. What is it? I'll trade ya what I know, for an answer to my question. Alright, you wanna know about Eve? Ehhh... Crazy dame! No equilibrium. She checked into The Carlton with a bottle of pills - She checked out in a pine box. She was always yammering! "I wanna get married, I wanna get married." But I told her. When I own the candy store, I get to sample all the candies. But she... She kinda... Kinda took her own life?! God dammit Marlowe! Just a couple of months before... She was having an affair herself! Who with?! Leopardi... Gave her a bad time, if you can believe the papers. But you made everything alright, by refusing to marry her, is that it? Look, you can't pin Eve's death on me! I did a lot for that crazy kid! I even gave her crazy father a job! According to you, everybody in the whole family's crazy. Well that one is. Stunt-man. He got some guy killed, in some rigged up, high dive. After that nobody in the movies would work with him. 5 years-5 years, I've been supporting that retard over at the hotel. Gaff Talley? Yeah, that's him. What about em? *Phew* Well... It's just possible, that somebody answering Mr. Talley's description squeezed a lil' lead into the left ventricle of everybodies favorite horn blower. What the hell are you talking about?! *Phone Rings* That could be the morgue, I uh, told em you'd be happy to identify the King's body. Gaff Talley, wasn't on duty at The Carlton. You'll find him at his cabin out in Crestline, they said. He had told me, I could use his cabin anytime. It was probably the biggest thing he had ever had to offer in his whole life. The closer I got the more I felt like... Turnin' the car around, and forgettin' the whole thing. But somethin' kept nagging me. Somethin' that didn't add up. If Gaff Talley had provided the muscle, who had supplied the brain? Marlowe! Well for cryin' into a milk bottle! Hello George! Gaff told me to drop by, didn't expect to find you here. Oh, every spare minute we get, we spend up here. I don't know what we'd do without it. Just... Breathe that air! *Chuckles* Yeah. I guess you 2 are pretty close friends huh? We're more than just close friends, Phil. We're brothers. Well hey, don't just stand there. C'mon, lets go inside. Yeah, a lotta people don't know we're brothers See Gaff used to be in the movies, sort of. You know, stunts and like that. Changed his name from Millar to Talley. He thought it sounded better. Sit down Phil, make yourself at home. You want a cup of coffee? Yeah sure. Thanks. That uh, photo on the mantel. Is that Eve? How do you like it? Anyway it comes, George. Well we like it strong! Phil! Saw your car out there. So you finally came up for the fishing huh? I'm not a fisherman Gaff. You know why I'm here. You uh, should'da left him in him room Phil Throwin' em out just- *Stammers* Complicated things... I guess you... Knew Kitty Dolorme, from your old studio days, huh? Someone you could count on to... Soften Leopardi up for the kill. Room 2-15 at The Carlton, where Eve killed herself. Was that your idea Gaff? Or his? Leopardi turned our baby, into a tramp! And then he dropped her, for a 2-bit torch singer, named Dolores Chiozza! Wrong, George. It was Jumbo Walters who ditched your baby! You killed the wrong John! And you dumped the body, in the wrong bedroom. Dolores Chiozza didn't take Eve's place! She wouldn't let Leopardi come within 10 yards of her! George you s-- -What does he know?! 3 people dead, all for the wrong reason, aside from that... You 2 planned the perfect crime. Gaff, it was only supposed to be Leopardi, nobody else! The problem got kinda complicated! Ugggh! God! That stuntman mentality! Nothing's ever simple, you get your partner killed! Because you always complicate everything! If it's crossin' a river you gotta walk a tightrope! If it's flying a plane, you gotta do a hand-stand on the wing! You can't even put a lump of sugar, in a cup of coffee, without a circus stunt! Nothin's ever simple! This will be George... This will be. *Fratricide* Gaff! I'm sorry! I had to do it Gaff. There couldn't be anymore killing! I'm sorry Gaff! Oh God! I'm sorry! Phil, I didn't mean to do it! If you hadn't I wouldn't be here. We just, we just wanted to finish Leopardi. That's all! Just finish him! And then take what came! But Gaff wanted to do it smart! George, I'll give ya an hour! He even drew-up the plans for the hotel and the rooms! And everything! Just like a movie! Get outta here George! *When I lost you!* "When I lost you..." "The end of my rainbow, from the delectable Dolores Chiozza!" "This is KPRC Hollywood, Music for you with..." "King Leopardi, and his: Lady, you know my number!" 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 