Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e7 - Eric - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Eric - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Knox? Are you there? Richard? My name is Don Sheppard and I'm a producer on "60 Minutes". Get lost. I have nothing to say. I saw the press conference. I read what your lawyer wrote. Can you hear me, Richard? I'd like to talk to you. I do not want to talk to you. All you journalists just lie. - You don't care about me. - I'd probably like it too. But "60 Minutes" doesn't do that kind of sensationalism. We are only looking for the truth. Quite simply. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And what do you think the truth is? I don't know, but I want to find out. At least hear what we have to say. Just come on. I am alone and no one followed me. Thank God! I thank God for your help. Take it there. Food and equipment. I'm starving. I think a lot about how you scared the FBI. - They happened in his pants that day. - We showed who owns the forest. - And it's not the FBI. - No. I often see one of their helicopters. It flies low, as if they didn't understand it. With a powerful rifle and ammunition we can shoot it down. Those who have struggled to survive here in the mountains - 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - is my family. I fight for them when no one else does. But shooting a helicopter down would be the end of my family. I will not allow that. Is that understood? You're right. Thank you. "Don't kill." Although I have saved hundreds of unborn lives - - I have nightmares about it flowing in Alabama. I don't want any more blood on my conscience. I'm defenseless. I'm big in the fuck but am an easy prey. That is why I asked for the card showing the positions of the FBI. I have to know them so I can stay away. Let's look at that. Hold it. The FBI has set up a base here. It is large. In principle, regulators control the entire interior regions of the forest. But the FBI has surrounded it and they have summoned an entire army. We have to be careful until I can get you out. - Out? - It's only at the planning stage. I'm working to get you past the FBI's barricades and out of the woods. The best thing for the community is if you disappear in silence. Then people can return to everyday life - - and you can keep saving babies. Then everyone wins. At the moment, your job is to keep you away. If you see as much as an FBI patrol, you've failed. - Is that understood? - Yes. Loud and clear. Thanks. Be careful. Open! - Where are we? - The plan is to take over the forest. With moving stations we take in the woods meter by meter. If the militia is resisting, we will push them further and further. When we find the militia fortress, we surround them and smoke them out. It may be that I'm wrong, but consuming the forest like that - - sounds like a long drawn out war. We are already at war. This is the plan to win it. If it becomes a siege, can't it end up like Waco? - Let me think about it. - Received. War on American civilians? Like nothing to do with the bomb? This is not the FBI. Please come up with another plan. But Louis Freeh didn't give you an army that you shouldn't use. Bang. Come here. Shit! Can I help? - Thank you. - No problem. - Do you live out here alone? - Almost. Me and my brother. - You're pretty cut out here. - Yes. We like that. So am I. Here you go. New Yorkers fly here for a week to get some peace. That's the stupidest thing I've heard. - Did you build it there? - Yes. And Nantahala – Harley. - Can it run? - Yes. Some have a Chevy '57. I have a Chevy for $ 57. What is wrong with him? Cancer. My brother Guthrie. Do you have cancer? My father died of cancer. I am sorry. - Are they helping here? - No. No, of course not. The state gives them to you because they make no use. If we're healthy and strong, we won't find ourselves in their shit. - Have you heard of amygdalin? - Yes I have. Made from apricot kernels. A few injections and the tumor is gone. Amygdalin had cured my father of a week. But the FDA and the government have banned it. So he died. Are you in pain? I have something else that the government does not want us to have. - God bless you. - Here you go. We tried city life a few years ago. It wasn't us. - It was nothing to us. - No. If you think it's bad in Murphy, go to New York. You gods. When I look at those people, I only see small ants. They turn around and follow rules. Slaves of their pheromones. They drag on their crumbs, which were the important ones. They are ants. If I mess you up... the universe doesn't care. But if you stick your finger in the toe... It will be pure chaos. Because then God has just shaken their world. - Great, right? - Yes. It's nice to have company. We never meet anyone. You're the first one we see out here in six months. Or eight. That is the truth of God. Are you never in town? In Murphy? I pick up his pills every two months. And deals a bit in Walmart. - Can you have it on the Harley? - You bet. If I patented it, I would get rich. People would throw money at me. If that's what I wanted. You're full of shit, Daubert. I'm glad to have met you. Let's do this again. Can you see it? It's called Eric. - The big? Named after me? - Yes. It's a bird. He knows what's going on. Get off now, Rudolph, get off. Get off, Rudolph. Otherwise, the FBI will shoot you in the back. How did you figure it out? I'm not the sharpest knife, but I can put two and two together. Does it change anything? Fandeme no! You are a hero. It is an honor to have you with us. People who stand by their beliefs must stick together. - Amen, my brother. - Amen. You're not telling anyone you've seen me? - You know I don't boast. - Well. I have a question for you. - You said you were driving in Walmart. - Just say what you want. Thanks. Shouldn't your brother be back? No, it will take time to come back. You can't drive very fast with the sled loaded. - Hi, Daubert. - Mission accomplished! - Did you get it all? - Every single thing. There were deals on Mentos, so I bought them. With berry flavor. Keep them. You've earned them. Look here. See. I thought you would think it was fun. They are everywhere. You look like Jesus. - Were you careful when you took it? - Yes. I took it from a bar. There are many zeros. They think they can buy loyalty. Not for all zeros in the world. Thanks. You did well. What was it? One shot? Eric? - Daubert shot himself. - What do you say? Why? He took the life of himself in grief over your death. It is a lie. Pis. Don't scare me. You're taking gas on me, right? Eric, come on. It is me. You know me. I beg you. - What do you want? You get it. - What do I want? You already give it to me. That's it. I'm not an ant, Eric. I'm Guthrie. Not an ant. It depends on one's perspective. You can go to church all your life without feeling like that. Like God Himself. "The Lord gives, and the Lord takes." It would have been better if you had not been so weak. Pardon. - Just look. - Don't let that affect you. We won't say "60 Minutes" if we don't get full control. - Did you hear that? - Oh boy. Come on. Gentlemen. - Good day. - The pleasure is mine. Watson Bryant. Hello, Mr Wallace. - Sit down. - Thanks. What do you want from us? We do not provide the questions or tell them. They can join or not. Our house, our rules. We want something to show that you have done your homework. That you ignore the fictional stories of the FBI and the media. "60 Minutes" is the most respected news program. And CNN is CNN, and Tom Brokaw is Tom Brokaw. But they both just accepted it, the newspapers and the FBI say. Sorry, but I want something more concrete. We have read the information from the press conference carefully. But we also did our own research in the park. And what was the conclusion? We've also investigated the FBI's findings - - and their investigation. And then we have a closer look at you. Their history, work life, criminal record and much more. Do you want to know if we have done research? Yes we have. If you want to be assured that I'm innocent of you on TV... That's not how it goes. - But your producer said... - I'm loyal to the viewers. What they want and expect is top-notch journalism. Viewers will see Richard obliterated on television. You only do this so that the whole country can see the "bomber" - - jump off the cliff on nationwide TV. Yes. And...? And...? Does it say "splat"? Or does his parachute unfold? We ask difficult questions and let the answers speak for themselves. Yes, you jump off the cliff without knowing if you have a parachute on. Maybe you are cleansed in front of the whole world, or else it says "splat". Those are the rules of the game. If you don't like it, don't play. Then we know. We have learned something here and continue to lead. We find someone who will let us tell you our side of the case. This is what we need. A journalist who stands for truth. - That's why people listen to him. - Yes, when he judges you. If that happens... in "60 Minutes"... it is forever. What do you want to do? You have been called "a fat guard who lives with his mother". - Is it true? - It's unfriendly, but true. It is also said that you built and placed the bomb in Centennial Park. - Did you do it? - No. Come on, Richard. You were over active, aggressive and dangerous at Piedmont College. You pretended to be a valet. You were desperate to be whole and prove your worth. According to the FBI, you told a friend that you were "in the middle of it all". They can prove that you have training in handling explosives - - and has owned a backpack similar to the one used in the attack. - Do you deny it? - No I do not. So it was just by chance that you found a bomb - - using a sixth sense that night? Doesn't that sound sought? Is it more likely that you set the bomb to be a hero? That sounds more likely to me. He has his head in the loop. It is over. It must be hard to believe that someone like me... Someone who is not successful... and belongs to the working class - - and have made many mistakes, can be healed. I've realized something about people and their prejudices. It is easier for them to see me as a villain. But I will say to you today and to the police... and anyone who sees that one should not judge people on the outside. If you look into my heart, you will see that I am honorable. If you look at the facts, you will see that I am innocent. - That's how you wonderful fucking rich! - An innocent man... Not according to the reporters. Or according to the FBI. I want to show you something. Heading after heading. - They can't all be wrong. - Yes, they are wrong. The media would have a dramatic headline for selling newspapers. So you mean that the entire media establishment - - from "Atlanta Journal – Constitution" to CNN to CBS News - - choose sensation journalism over the truth? And that the FBI, the world's most respected police authority - - lying? Or wrong? The FBI would do well. Radiate strength and efficiency. So people felt they were safe. "We arrested him quickly." They leaked my name to the press and everyone got what they wanted - - even if it was a lie and a human's life was ruined. According to you, the FBI timeline cleanses you of suspicion. You cannot have placed the bomb and called the alarm center. We conducted an independent investigation into your claims. The FBI timeline excludes you as a suspect - - and the size and shape of the bomb does - - that the FBI's theory is extremely unlikely. That's what I've said. I am innocent. And you have proven that. You published information that excludes you as a suspect. You proved your innocence. How did the FBI react to that? - They didn't listen. - Still not. Although the facts show that the bomber is on the loose. That's right, sir. It never stops. Because the FBI leaked your name. And the media wanted a good story. - Why did you go to the FBI? - Me? When I was growing up in East Point, all the cops looked like you. I would give young girls someone to identify with. Someone who is trying to make things better - - instead of just watching when good people are hit by evil. What if we expose good people to evil? Do you remember the questioning? During the whole conversation he did everything - - to say what we wanted to hear. "Good boy" syndrome. And? What's the problem? The problem is that I do everything not to tell the truth. And that we may have ruined the life of an innocent man. We thought about politics and headlines, and in the meantime - - Rudolph got peace and quiet to plan next... We compromised our integrity. The integrity of the FBI. And we keep doing that when we don't do well again. - Seriously? - Think if it's true. - The evidence doesn't support that. - Some of them don't. - We may only see what we want to see. - What the hell is wrong with you? Do we have Embry's folder? The "Atlanta Journal – Constitution" was the first to point you. They also said that you look after the profile of a lone bomber. A frustrated wannabe stream that would be all over. According to them, you had placed the bomb in order to appear as a hero. It's all a lie. They only write what makes them sell most newspapers. - Shall I turn it off, Kath? - No. "Journal" also reported that the FBI suspected Jewell - - and that he had called the emergency center before the explosion. The attorney proves the call was made when Jewell was in the park. Journalist Kathy Scruggs, however, refused to surrender. Not even when their story turned out to be false. Jewell has never been charged. Not even arrested. Still, the FBI is following him wherever he is. When Jewell drives a ride, the FBI shadows him. Not just by an agent, but by a whole following. Holy shit. That's it! Now people are listening. Even though the world is about selling stories, people are stepping up in the truth. Thank you for helping me tell it. The FBI refuses to discuss the investigation - - and whether Jewell is still a suspect. They will not discuss the leak. Mrs Jewell has neither recovered Tupperware nor Disney films. Thank you. You know what? You know what? Can you feel it? Your wonderful man! You did it! You did it! - Come on. - Oh God. "60 Minutes"! Yes. Then we have it. Did you buy peat moss for me? Or the border axis? Sorry dear. - What did you buy at Walmart? - I bought a bomb. - It was not on the list. - Do you remember that steel wire? It sits on an artificial wreath. It's camouflage. Every single component. Everything from Christmas decorations to the seams. He bought his bomb at Walmart. It should not go into the house. Everything except the dynamite. Our bosses have to deal with this. You only see one of the pieces in a huge puzzle. They must know something that we do not know. Dad knows best, right? We collect pieces, they puzzle. That's the way of command. Dad usually knows best. But listen right here. If what is in Embry's folder and what he said is true... If Rudolph is possessed by the police and plays God and watches us. And maybe the militia is manipulating... If Embry is right, it's not us who caught Rudolph in Nantahala. It's him who caught us. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 