Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e2 - Unabubba - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Unabubba - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hi dad. I have time, unfortunately, do not stop.  I may have solved a major case. Have you caught the bomber?  Is that why you're so neat? - Right.  - Fun for you. Fun for you... Do you have my cigarettes? At the station we always said that you  can tell a lot about a person - - the shoes he wears. I know, Dad.  Formal versus work shoes. You can not go into work shoes at the FBI.  It does not inspire respect. Inger you respect by  pouring Louis Freehs coffee? If you suck someone for two years  will never be more than his whore. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Under the BAU's analysis is correct Jewell  in the image of a hero bomber. He is obsessed by the police, lacking  social skills, had a difficult childhood - - and inflated self-image  despite phoning professional success. It is called the "knight syndrome".  Jewell rushes in and saves lives - - just before the bomb explodes,  but can handle himself unharmed. The only logical conclusion  is that Jewell placed the bomb. There is a similar case. During the Olympic Games  in 1984 discovered a cop, a bomb - - and dismantled it on their own. The cop was hailed as a hero until you  realized he had placed it. Richard Jewell wants to play knight. What can beat that miraculous save  a large number of human lives during the Olympics? - It's good, but not enough.  - Agent Knox? According to an old friend searched Jewell  to ATF explosives training. It is rare for prison officers,  who he was, looking there. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He boasts of having been the police,  but was fired for misconduct. The friend gave me this. What does he have on his back? A military backpack.  The same model as the bombing. Do you know that Clinton  intends to shake hands with him on television? - He should probably postpone it.  - No talking! Okay, Brennan. Put your men  on combing northern Georgia. We need to find out everything about Jewell.  Arrange search warrants, Knox. May I suggest a more direct approach?  Knox and I can hear him. So he provides defense  and destroy all evidence? No. He does not know  that he will be interrogated. All the information suggests  that Jewell worships police. He wants our attention,  do "dad" proud. - If we build a scenario ...  - Lie for him? - In order to arrive at the truth.  - It could end very badly. Yes, sir. But it can also lead to  that we will save half a year job. It's true.  I'll think it over. I want to tell you  about Jewell to the press. It's not possible.  We are in the middle of an investigation. Otherwise, get the headlines about  the hate group that may be required. The suspect is neither racist,  Islamist or neo - - but a nobody who wants to be a hero.  If he singled out are all safe. "To make my father proud." You? There are both "knight syndrome"  and "good boy" syndrome. He is our top manager.  How are we supposed to behave? Brennan? Be honest. Jewell is a good candidate  or our single candidate? If we put all the focus on him,  how great is the risk that we do not regret it? Richard Jewell  is a very strong candidate, sir. You may question him. Is dad proud? - Yes, that's him.  - Good boy. We can not be absolutely sure,  but one can say with certainty - - Mr. Jewell fit  the image of a hero bomber. If the task when a journalist  you trust, do not deny the FBI. I can not show it here.  But it's a good story. Burglary, robbery, murder. But... For seventeen, Dom!  Have I ever hung out any of you? - Explain, FX  - She is sjyst. It's not that I do not trust you,  but I want something for it. Oh really? What? Well ... we ... want ... ... you know ... to party with you. - Party with me?  - As Maganzini got. En Maganzini-fest ... - Took Reygada this alarm?  - I guess so. Reach...? A moment. The Commissar? - Is Joe Reygada in service?  - No, not since your article. - Why is his name on the application?  - Heck. I'll take this. Reygada knocked out his girlfriend's teeth,  but also account still calls? We are short of people because of the Olympics. Should I write that you blame the OS?  His girlfriend gave us pictures. - Ignoring you my articles?  - No! We do it like this... I promise to get Reygada fired,  but we can not afford to get criticism now. I have always treated you well,  Kath. To prevent the article from  the publication, give me as something better. Give me something really juicy  and I'll think about it. I will. I promise. If Reygada so much as turns  a shirt that says "Police" on - - I have you in a vice.  A snap of his fingers, Sam. I need something better.  Maganzini gave me a front page. That ends up only in the local section. Want to party like Maganzini  can you give me something better. Kathy Scruggs. Wait a minute ... Are you sure?  Where have you heard that? I understand. One second... Oh yeah ... I have it. I'm writing a name. Dig deep.  Contact all the colleagues you have. Give me something to use on him. This is a Maganzini article.  Ten Maganzini articles. - Hey sweetie. Donny ...  - Hey, Kathy. Stand outside his apartment.  If something happens, call me. Write down everything that happens,  detailed and concrete. And do not tell anyone. We play with Fire. You know that Richard Jewell  has called us safely 15 times? Or someone who works for him.  For an interview. Ronnie said that? I want to  talk to him. That we can use. The Commissar?  What's wrong with Reygada? Good. Let him stay there.  I need that service now. Who do you know  in the FBI's local branch? How long he worked at the school?  Thanks. I understand. In what way  was he overly zealous? Are you sure about that? Thank you for calling so soon, sir.  It's just a background check. Can you confirm what your agents  at the Atlanta office told me? That you have a suspect  for the Centennial Park event. I'll be damned, Kathy.  I'll be damned ... - How long will this writing?  - Three days. Maybe two. - You get two hours for you.  - Bill, it ... All journalists in Atlanta would  sacrifice a testicle for this story. I need to find more sources  and get a confirmation from the police. The source is from Washington!  Further confirmation is not required. In addition, we celebrated him as a hero  in the headlines this morning. The better! The story of  one man's rise and fall. I understand that it is a big step  from chasing prosecutors and police. A moment. It's my intern.  Lindsay? I stand outside Jewell's apartment.  The FBI has the span of him. - Came back.  - We drive on this track. This is great,  but not when CNN gets there before. Is this your article  and I'll let Don write it? - It is mine.  - Excuse me? It is mine. That's the spirit. Ryan? I have an article  from Kathy Scruggs for one. We run an evening edition. Now I say the two words  that every woman wants to hear. Stop the press. Monticone... Sully... Ronnie. Drop everything you have and go with. We focus entirely  on Richard Jewell from now. Hello, Richard. Agent Brennan  and Agent Knox FBI. We need your help. CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS News,  CBS Sports, PBS. Come on! - Are you ready for this?  - They're still warm. Soon you'll be famous, Kath.  Now it will go off. Can I have a piece of paper that says  that I am participating in training film? I'm looking for a job, and a letter from the FBI  could help. We will probably be able to arrange.  We'll see how it goes first. Thanks so much. May I ask  how you ended up in the police, sir? Jag utbildade mig till jurist. Min pappa var polis. Vilken tur. Jag känner inte min pappa. Han var alkoholist. Gräset är alltid grönare, du vet. Ja, sir. Så är det allt. Det sägs att män som har växt upp med en frånvarande eller våldsam far - - kan ha svårt att hantera manliga auktoritetspersoner. Vi försöker kanske alltid bevisa vårt värde. Vill visa pappa att vi är hjältar. Kan du känna så ibland? En önskan att göra nåt annorlunda för att visa vem du är? Jag uppfostrades helt och hållet av min mamma. För mig, sir... Jag ska vara helt ärlig. I hela mitt liv har jag kallats elaka saker. "Fet nolla"... "Kan inte få jobb", "har ingen flickvän", "patetisk"... Jag har blivit kallad allt mellan himmel och jord. Men när det väl gällde så agerade jag. Jag må vara en tjockis som bor med sin mamma, men 27 juli 1996 - - visade en deltidsanställd säkerhetsvakt handlingskraft - - och räddade livet på 300 män, kvinnor och barn. Och han heter Richard Allensworth Jewell. - Bra där, mr Jewell. - Jag ber om ursäkt. Jag märker att du är stolt, Richard. Men du känner kanske även ånger? I wish we had  been five minutes. At that time no one died. - That, I think a lot of.  - Do you have feelings of guilt for the event? Yes, in a way.  Maybe not directly guilt ... ... but ... I wish no one  had needed to get in trouble. Definitely. - It was not what you wanted.  - So you could say. - No one would have had to die.  - Definitely not. You are a perceptive guy, Richard.  You have dealt with suspects. What emotions do you think got the bomber  to do something like this? How do you think he thought? I can only guess ... But if I were the bomber  would I want attention. I would feel  that nobody takes me seriously. - We'll be right back, Richard.  - I stay here. You have probably read the Miranda warning  for Jewell? If recognition should be counted  , you must have read the Miranda warning. Sir ... The situation is precarious. He believes that we are his friends.  Miranda warning would scare ... Suspicions have been published.  Jewell realizes it. How did they get into the press?  We need to investigate. Yes, but we need to get him on tape  tonight. Something that keeps the law. - Sir ... Do not you think we ...?  - No. Fix it! Yes, sir. Let us develop a plan. Kathy Scruggs  Atlanta Journal-Constitution - - has written an amazing  article about the bombing during the Olympics. The headline reads: "The FBI suspects  that the hero placed the bomb." We will now read Ms. Scruggs article  word for word. You can stop now. They have taken him.  Thankfully. I want you to set back  my batting knitting equipment tonight. Media can say what they want, honey.  We do not stop. Trudy has unfortunately right, boss.  The data come from the FBI. The same FBI have all the evidence,  plus computers and spectrometers - - and an army of experts  at its disposal? Yep. We're working in your garage.  What can we really offer? Common sense? - Right.  - Common sense? Lovely. Otherwise, he walks free from here. - Keep it in court?  - A waiver is legally binding. Yes, but is it ethical  to give Miranda in such a way? This is highly questionable! You can say no. Freeh has not  the same sense of the situation as you. It is not our fault that  the information has been leaked to the press. But then the call Freeh  and say no. In hell, either. That is the advantage  of being under you. You may bring the election to annoy the boss  or lose your honor. I do as I'm told  and sleep well at night. He's our boss. He sees the big picture  in a different way than we do. If he wants Miranda ...  he'll get it. - Richard.  - Hello. We want to make education the film  as realistic as possible, right? - Yes, sir.  - Just so. We thought  that you would play a role. We start  by showing our service card. Agent Brennan and Agent Knox,  Federal Bureau of Investigation. Then you have to write on  a waiver of Miranda warning. Your right to remain silent,  the lawyer and all that. Read it and sign  as if it were real. I would have signed  if this were a real interrogation? Yes. Would not you, Richard.  Definitely. If you do not have anything to hide,  of course? Do you have it? - No, ma'am.  - Great. Tell me more  about your training in explosives. Not all police officers  who are so ambitious and eager to learn. ATF held a course  for police in rural areas, and ... I'm sorry to interrupt ... exercise ... ... but this is a real questioning? Richard ...!  We're talking just a little bit, nothing more. OK, I understand.  Sorry if I ruin your film. No problem. We understand. But now we continue.  What did you learn from the ATF? Did you learn to manufacture bombs? Yes, they learned all the course students  how a perpetrator ... Sorry, but ... this  will sound completely insane - - but you do not think  that I have something to do with the bomb? Richard ...?!  Why are you such a question? Should we have reason to believe it? Wait ... Do you really think ...? Do you think  that I could do something like that? May I ask...? Sorry I... Do you think  I should contact a lawyer? Lawyer...?  What are you going with someone to? We are three crime fighter  who discuss an event. We do this kind of  training videos all the time. Usually plays FBI agents with,  but now we wanted to work with you. We're just doing our job.  You get to feel dodgy! If you do not  have a letter of recommendation? I apologize. We continue.  I really want to help you. I have not even someone lawyer. But I'd probably  like to call one if it's all right? Just to hear his opinion.  Is it okey? - The call ends.  - I apologize! There he is! He is coming! Richard! Why did you do it, Richard?  Why did you do it? - Say something!  - Tell me why you did it! Why did you do it, Richard? The FBI is said to have enough evidence  to arrest him soon. I close! - Mom, I do not know ...  - Sit down. - I do not know what's happening...!  - Sit down. Look at me, my son! I do not understand what is happening.  What have you done? Richard ... What have you done? Have you seen this?  It must be the FBI's work. "UNA-LURKEN" held,  interrogated FOR bombings He is an easy target for the press. Overweight, from the South, poor ... He assumed guilty  because he's a bumpkin. - I'm also a bumpkin.  - No. You say that you know me. But if you saw me in the pew  would you think "bumpkin". I have had a little more luck  than Richard Jewell - - but there are just these kinds of pictures  of me in the attic. In camouflage clothing and everything.  "Evil bumpkin wants to be a hero." The problem with a good story  is that it turns off the brain. You only see things that fit  the image you have created. We want to find out the truth!  You can not judge by appearance. The only thing we should be listening to  here. We take her on a trip. Gosh, so heavy! And then you're still probably  more fit than Richard Jewell. Satan! Now. The bench was here,  barely 50 meters from the stage. He would have been completely exhausted.  It was 37 degrees. He would have been soaking wet with sweat.  It had been marked. But it did not.  The bomb was then here. The tower stood in that case over there. Stay. - It said Jewell in the template.  - What ?! Was he suicidal? 5.5 meters. There he stood. The pipes are big as my arm.  If I had put in thousands of nails - - poured in five cans of gunpowder  , and set a timer - - I would never have been here. Hence the hero bombers  almost always use small bombs. Do you remember that the police  during the Summer Olympics in Los Angeles in 1984? The bomb he put out  was a glorified fireworks. Anyone who wants to be a hero  do not take the risk that the blast. What is it? Now I know enough  what that panel was for. It was probably a direction sheet,  just as in an anti-personnel mine. That's why we found  so many nails on the building - - and almost none  on the other hand bomb. Direction plate ruled the blast  in this direction. - Straight to the people.  - Against us. And the Jewell. Right. If you build a bomb  meant to operate in a way direction - - had we not  addressed it from itself? The theory of a hero bomber  works in the lab and on the news. But we are here on the ground  listening to the bomb, boy. No way  to Jewell did this. The park was filled with spectators  that night. Families, children ... The perpetrator bar bomb past them  without hesitation to kill them. And now the FBI chasing an innocent person.  A bumpkin ports on the front pages - - to make people feel safe,  while those who did it - - still walking free. Apparently perform the FBI's special agents - - a search of  Richard Allensworth Jewells home - - in search of the perpetrator  of the incident in Centennial Park. When can I get my things? - Why are they my Tupperware things?  - Nails, wire, tools ... Incriminating evidence. The evidence suggests  that a bomb has been manufactured here. - A circus arranged facing cameras.  - Yep. Excuse me! Excuse me. Earl Embry from ATF.  I want to talk to your boss. - Make an appointment for a meeting.  - I have information about the investigation. We collect information  in relation to the investigation. We have much to do,  so call the office and make an appointment. - Ask them to leave my crime scene.  - Her crime scene ... What hardliners. - They can come back in now.  - You can come in. He takes my films! "The Lion King"  and "The Little Mermaid". - You, Mom ...  - No, no. Mr Jewell? Explain that. It's just a souvenir. There is a real grenade,  but emptied of its contents. "Complaint Department.  Take a number at the pin." There is a joke article, sir. Secure it and send it to the lab. We need your help  to finish this. Follow me. Sit down, Richard. This is an acknowledgment  of the executed search warrant. Sign. Here, an acknowledgment of what we take.  Sign. The pink is your copy. You can claim compensation.  We also have the right to take DNA samples. It is here and now.  Sit still and open wide, please. We also have the right to take voice samples  for further analysis. Read this while we are recording. - Should I read aloud?  - Yes, Mr. Jewell. - It says ...  - I know what it says. Say "I placed a bomb  in Centennial Park." - I would not like to say.  - We have decided to you to. Either you do it now  or in custody. The choice is yours. - Richard! Not a peep!  - Who is that? I'm his lawyer Watson Bryant.  I do not care what you have decision. According to the First Amendment of  the State can not force words. Do not say a peep until they are gone. Do you give me a few moments in private  with my client here? Sorry it took.  My daughter had the dressage competition. - I just got your message.  - I sit really in trouble. - No...! Do you have my 150 US dollars?  - I meant to call you. When then? You borrowed 150 US dollars  and disappeared for two years, Richard. - It's fine?  - Oh yeah. Hey, height breaker! Is it right  to let the press judge my client - - but he  first brought to justice? The FBI supports a free press. No, you conspire with them.  You let them do your dirty work! - "Save with Bryant."  - I work with real estate law. But I know what violation of  the constitutional rights. Fy for bullies in costume. - Pack up!  - You heard. Start. - You did not?  - No, sir. No "sir" now!  They want to put you in the gas chamber. I can not help you  if you do not speak the truth. I have no bomb making  at all. It is good. I guess. Why is arrested he not? - The head.  - Did you draft? Yes, sir. However, I believe that the draft,  even if technically correct - - gives a false picture  of what we found. You found an explosive device. Yes, but the person made it clear  that it is a joke article. - It is not a real bomb.  - You do not see the whole picture. No, but I would not put you  in a precarious seat by undanhå ... Read the statement as written.  Is there a problem? Absolutely not. With pleasure, sir. Thank you, sir. I'm not qualified for this,  and we are against both the FBI and the media. They have sewn the bag substantially - - and intends to make up for chopping mince,  without anyone to stop them. But if you are not going to give up ... ... I promise to fight for you.  The whole way through. Earlier today, the FBI found  a disarmed bomb. I can not discuss its size  but can say that it was safe. It was checked carefully  before it was removed. The FBI does not believe anymore that the person  poses a danger to the public. We encourage people to relax  and enjoy the last days of the Olympics. I told him  that it's just a paperweight! They do not treat the innocent as this,  Richard. - What does that mean, Mom?  - It does not. They simply do not. Mother? Good work! You and Knox returns  and deal with Whitewater. I need someone I can trust. - What about Richard Jewell?  - He's wiped out, thanks to you. I'm happy to continue,  at least until he is arrested. This is a step up. You solved  a big case and looked good on television. Let rough workers prefer to tie it all together.  Enjoy your success. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. I saw you on TV. You looked like a damn stooge  who did what you were told. Five months later,  the ATF'S HEADQUARTERS IN ATLANTA I know, I know. That's life. Hey, Tru. Well, so here it is ... I just got so many bomb cases  on my desk - - I might as well take  a three-hour lunch with my wife. I'll pick you up in about 31 minutes,  it will be good? Bye. Go trissor ...! The bomb exploded outside an office.  No injuries. We believe that it was directed  against an abortion clinic. I understand. Do me a favor  and call the ATF in Atlanta. Ask them to send over Joe Holliwell.  Can you fix it? Thanks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 