Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e10 - Open Season - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Open Season - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I handed you your career on a silver platter. When I found you, you were a small-time D.A. going nowhere. I made you. I gave you everythingyou have! And you betray me? You betray my trust?! What do you think, you're some kind of hero or something? You think you're the Joan of Arc of the FBI? The minute you left Nantahala, Agent Knox called me and told me 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you had gone completely off the reservation. Knox said that? I just placed her in charge of the Eric Rudolph manhunt. She threw you under the bus, my friend. Not that she really needed to. I mean, you kind of threw yourself there. And just so you know, when the attorney general and congress comes around looking for who to blame for the Richard Jewell fiasco, it'll be you sweating under those lights, and no one else. Sit down. I don't work for you anymore. Get back in here, Agent Brennan! That's an order! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hello? Whatever you said to Freeh, it worked. You led this investigation into the toilet, Jack. And I'm going to rescue all of us from your poor judgment. Yeah, that's-that's pretty good. Oh, yeah. I'm Louis Freeh's golden child now. Lucky for us, Freeh has no clue what's happening on the ground. Let me know if I can help, you know, beyond being your sacrificial lamb. Thanks, Jack. And everyone here says hello and thank you. Take care of yourself. Yeah. All right, let's head out. It's open season! Let's hunt him down! Hey, buddy. Listen, I'm a real good friend of your mama's. Hey, come here. I want to show you something. It's okay, come here. Tim? Timothy? Timothy Gray! Are you dillydally...? You know, it's so good to see some sympathetic faces. I-I need your help. I-I know I did wrong. I know I'm a sinner. But I... I can swear to you my heart was in the right place. And I want to repent. To turn my life around somehow and come back to the Lord. You understand that, right? That need for grace? I do. See, I know you do. Life is so fragile. It's only the mercy of God that keeps any of us alive. Timothy? Go inside the house, please. Go on. Hey, hey. Do me a favor, son. Your mama's car, you know where the keys are? - Yeah. - Well, you run inside and bring them back here. I'm gonna stay here with your mama. Go ahead, Tim. Keys are on the hook. You used us. I thought you were doing God's work. I risked my family, my reputation for you. But we were just your little puppets, weren't we? You are lower than low. I know. I know, I'm-I'm so ashamed. I've been looking at my life, and I know I need to change. And the first step in that is gonna be turning myself in and paying for my crimes. See, I'm-I'm ready to accept the consequences of my sins, but they're hunting me like an animal. The Feds are trying to shoot me in the back. I just, I need to put some distance between me and them. Then I can, I can find a local lawman and turn myself in safely. I'm not trying to escape or-or-or hurt anyone. I just want a chance at a fair trial and to turn my life around, to repent. Okay, Eric. I believe in second chances. You go ahead and take the car. See, I always knew you were a godly woman. Jesus himself dined with sinners and tax collectors. Anyone asked for healing, He never once said no. Mm. Amen. Oh, yeah. Good boy. Give me those. Go right back in the house, go. Hey... thank you. God bless you. Goodbye, Eric. FBI command center. He's here! That bastard Eric Rudolph just stole my car! Police! Hold it right there! It's him, all right. We finally got him. Yes, ma'am, we finally did. Jack? You're not gonna believe this. I'm looking at him. We did it, Jack. You were right. You put it all on the line, and it paid off. It paid off, Jack. Copy that. Uh, FBI just confirmed that it is Eric Rudolph. Copy that. ID confirmed... There we go. That should get you to the service station, ma'am. Thank you ever so much, Officer. If you hadn't have come by, I would have been walking by now. Well, thank you, ma'am. It brightens my day I can be a help to folks. Chivalry lives, young man. Chivalry lives. Officer Jewell... Uh, excuse me now. You have a good one. You drive safe. You be safe, too, dear. Go for Jewell. Jewell, what's your 20? We need you at the station, asap. Are reporting the arrest... There he is. Get over here, Richard. The man wanted for four bombings, including the attack on Centennial Olympic Park. Early reports are saying that Rudolph was apprehended while dumpster diving for food... Who caught him? FBI? Nah. Rookie cop. Could have been anyone. - Could have been you. - Wow. Congratulations, buddy. Some thought him dead. Can't believe you managed to evade us for so long. Mm-hmm. I'll say one thing for you. Ain't one man in a hundred could have survived in the Nantahala for more than a month, let alone as long as you did. We just wanted to meet you, ask you how you did it, swap campfire recipes, you know? Agent, I'm not stupid. I want a lawyer. I won't speak to anyone without an attorney present. You're a real genius, huh? Eric Robert Rudolph, great criminal mastermind. Except the only thing anybody's gonna remember about you is that you were caught by a rookie cop eating expired meat out of a Taco Bell dumpster. I said I want a lawyer. I'll get somebody to take you back to your cell. Don't get too comfortable, though. In a couple days, they'll be transporting you to Birmingham for trial, which will be a real nail-biter. Will it be death by lethal injection or by electric chair? I'm rooting for the chair. Let me go see about that lawyer. Oh. Shit. Came by to tell you this'll be your last night here. They're moving you to Birmingham bright and early tomorrow. Another officer's gonna relieve me here in a minute, and... I was wondering if, uh, you know, you could sign this? My wife asked me to ask you. She's a big fan. That so? Didn't think I still had fans. You're the most famous outlaw in the country. You don't see it in here, but, uh, the media's going crazy for you. Yeah, you're a big deal. You're the new Billy the Kid. Million-dollar man. - There he is. - What do you say, Chief? - How you doing this morning? - Good. Is the arresting officer inside? Yeah, yeah, go on in. Postell's in there. That's the luckiest damn rookie in the Lower 48. - Morning. - Morning. We finally got him. Thanks to your help. He nearly killed me. Twice. He's signing his own Wanted posters. For his fans. We're getting stacks of letters, women sending their underwear. The guy's a celebrity. Want to meet him before we take him away? No. I just came by to see for myself. Brought a six-pack for the guy who arrested him. I'll leave you to it. Yup. Just like Billy the Kid. ♪ Run, Rudolph, run, Rudolph, run. ♪ Are you ready? Mm, sure am. Let's move. Push 'em back! Clear a path! Look at that face. He's enjoying this, isn't he? You know, I lived in Murphy my whole life, and I probably crossed paths with Rudolph a hundred times, I guess, and never thought twice about it. No one did. He was just a nobody. I mean, it's bullshit. What kind of a world is it where some nobody can become a household name just by being an asshole? Well, I reckon that's what he wanted right along. To be famous with the cameras on him, the rest of us watching. Well, I reckon he better preen for the media now. Ain't gonna be any cameras in the death chamber. Why did you do it?! Why did you do it?! Mr. Rudolph? I'm looking mainly at U.S. v. Moylan and U.S. v. Dougherty. What does jury nullification mean? It's basically asking the jury not to convict, despite the evidence. Correct. Yeah. We're in Birmingham, Alabama. If we're careful about our jury selection and argumentation, there's no way they're gonna convict me of bombing an abortion clinic, dead cop or no dead cop. All we need is one pro-life juror who sympathizes with me. One holdout nullifies the whole jury. And on page two, I profiled the perfect juror. White, middle-aged, female, obviously. Lonely, empty-nesters, widows, divorcees... Eric, I need to give you a reality check. The reason we are in Birmingham right now is because this is where the government has a virtually airtight case. All the lustful, lonely housewives in the world won't be able to overlook hard facts. Say you manage to get out of the death penalty in Birmingham. You'll immediately be on trial for Olympic Park, another high-profile bombing with rock-solid evidence connecting you to the bomb. How can it be rock-solid? How can there be rock-solid evidence that my son committed a crime he did not commit? Mrs. Rudolph... this is the hard reality. There is a noose around your son's neck. I will give him the best defense I can, but they are not even willing to discuss a plea agreement. Even though he didn't do it, even though that's the Feds tying their dirty laundry to my son. I mean, what kind of a lawyer are you? You're telling me you can get Ted Kaczynski off, but for my son, it is the electric chair?! No. Bullshit! Ma, it's okay. I'm not gonna die. No, he accidentally killed one person. He damaged some buildings. The rest is just bullshit! Now, you are sentencing my son to death by apathy! I am being the best advocate for your son - I can be based on the facts. - Yeah. What kind of lawyer, what kind of person...? Can you give us a moment? Hey, Mama, hey, Ma, it's okay. Relax. I got a whole plan. I'm not gonna die. No, they are gonna nail you to the cross like Christ himself. They are gonna kill you for a crime you didn't commit. Oh, Mama, come on. I didbomb the Olympics. What? Of course I bombed the Olympics. Hey, but it doesn't matter, 'cause I'm not gonna die. The... You don't have to get all upset. Uh, we went to the Olympics together, Eric. - How could...? - I know. Why would you do something like that? It was just a game. You know, the special agents, the cops... They think they're so tough. They're just pawns. They don't even know who's in charge until... boom. I was watching the news. Well, those Olympic Park guys boasting about their technology and their-their security. They brought in the best people in the world to keep the Olympics safe. They were the best in the world, but I was better. Our whole family was attacked by the media, attacked by the FBI, because of you. I mean, I went on TV defending you. Dan cut off his goddamn hand because of you! Yeah, Dan always was a mongoloid. You used me. You used me, you used our whole family. You manipulated us and then dumped us like strangers. You all practically asked to be used. Anything to give your desperate little lives some meaning. You've bounced from church to church for 40 years, Mom. And you never believed in anything the way you believe in me. Think about that. You deserve to die. Yeah. The thing is, God doesn't die, does he? Mrs. Rudolph? Ms. Clarke, is your client prepared to enter a plea on all counts today? We're ready, Your Honor. Not quite, Your Honor. The prosecution has something they need to discuss with me first. Your Honor, we're not aware of any pending motions or any... It's quite important, Your Honor. Life or death. And I'd suggest they bring their explosives expert, a Mr. Earl Embry? This will be of particular interest to him. Now, I know you're all eager to kill me, but you really do need me alive. Why is that, exactly? Well, you see, I used about 70 pounds of dynamite in my various bombs. And I believe there was ten pounds left in my cave when you found it there, Agent. More or less? But when I broke into the Austin Powder Company, I stole about 350 pounds of the stuff. December 15 or 16, '96. You can check their records if you like. Now, by my math, that means there's 270 pounds of dynamite left. And the trouble is I buried it. In about ten different locations, all across the Nantahala wilderness. Now, Agent, am... am I right in thinking that dynamite becomes more unstable over time? See, that's why I asked you to come in. So you can explain it to the prosecution, being an expert and all. Now, I stole it just after the Olympics, so it's been out there a long, long time. Even the tiniest of jarrings could set it off. Oh, and some caches are... very close to certain trailheads and campsites. I mean, there's one in particular that's right next to a Boy Scout camp, too. I mean, that's the one I'm really worried about. I mean, some little Cub Scout troop comes walking on by after a hike and... Well... Now, what I'd like to do is I, I'd like to point out all the different locations on a map, so you can disarm the dynamite and nobody gets hurt. But the thing is, I just I can't seem to think clearly with the threat of the death penalty hanging over my head. I'll be outside. Give us a moment. Embry? Embry! Talk to me about this dynamite stuff. Do we haveto make this deal? Yeah, you do. We don't have any other choice? No, you don't. You have to have those locations. Otherwise, people are gonna die. All right, this is a onetime offer. And if so much as one stick of dynamite goes unaccounted for, you will fry. Be advised, fire in the hole. Fire in the hole, Copy that, team. Good work. Word's coming in. They're all clear. We got every stick. All 270 pounds have been located and detonated. Hey, Ma. Sorry for coming by early. That's all right. I've been up since 3:00 a.m. I couldn't sleep. You know my neighbor there, she sees me yesterday, says, "Big day for you. Good luck." Yeah, that's nice. Is it? Get my bag. What the heck's that supposed to mean, "Good luck"? Like I'm heading to the casino or like I'm the one who's on trial. Let's just go, Ma, come on. All rise. The U.S. District Court for the Western District of Alabama is now in session. Defendant, please stand to enter your plea. For the charge of maliciously using and causing to detonate an explosive device resulting in multiple injuries, as it relates to the bombings of Northside Family Planning Clinic in Sandy Springs, Georgia, how do you plead? Guilty. For the charge of maliciously using and causing to detonate an explosive device, resulting in multiple injuries, as it relates to the Otherside Lounge bombing in Atlanta, Georgia, how do you plead? Guilty. For the charge of maliciously using and causing to detonate an explosive device, resulting in the death of Robert D. Sanderson and personal injury to Emily Lyons at the New Woman All Women Clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, how do you plead? Guilty. And for the charge of maliciously using and causing to detonate an explosive device, resulting in the death of Alice Hawthorne and in multiple injuries, as it relates to the Centennial Olympic Park bombing in Atlanta, Georgia, how do you plead? Guilty. Ms. Clarke? If the defendant wishes to make a statement, we'll hear that now. Today I've deprived the government of its goal of sentencing me to death. And while the talking heads on the news opine that I am finished, that I will "languish broken and unloved in the bowels of some supermax"... Mr. Jewell? I'm Fallon. I don't know if you remember me. Of course I remember you. I admire your courage for coming, for facing him. I know that's not easy after everything he took from you. And I'm sorry, Fallon. I'm so sorry I... that I couldn't save your mom. You saved me. You saved lots of other people. I'm here today, I'm alive today because of you. All right, it's okay. Well, that's it. I'm done. You haven't eaten a bite. No. I mean... that's it. I'm done. You mean done-done? Yup. Like, no-more-going-to-work done? Like that. Yup. Really? I just got tired of taking my wedding ring off to go to work. What kind of job is that? Oh. I thought you'd do a jig and shoot off some Roman candles, whatnot. No, you didn't. I just... I never really believed you'd stop. I always just assumed you'd die on the job one day. I'd get a call, or a car would come up the drive real slow, there'd been an explosion. Never thought you'd stop until some bomb punched your ticket for you. God's honest truth, that's what I always, always thought. But... that's what I signed up for, and... and that's the job, - but... - You didn't sign up for that. Earl. I signed up when I was 19 years old. I signed up for you. And I've been bracing myself for 40 years. So... You give me a minute before I start lighting fireworks and dancing a jig, okay? Oh. A little souvenir from the ATF. Trudy'll knit some hi-viz mittens for the grand-nieces. Ah. Well, let's pass this torch. Man, Theresa's gonna kill me. Well... that comes with the territory. Yeah. Yeah. Well, stay safe, Earl. You, too. Young Joe Holliwell. Bubba. Well! This is something. Yeah. Something told me you wouldn't go to the sentencing, either. How are you? Oh. Man after my own heart. Well, let's knock the top off of this. - All right. - Come on. Trudy and I... we've been together pretty near forever. The quilting thing used to drive me nuts. I mean, how much more dumb of a hobby can you come up with? Take perfectly good cloth, cut it into little pieces and sew it back together. I mean, up the wall. Totally irrational. And I used to pick at her for the quilting, and she'd... pick at me for my work, and then... one night I was watching her take all those... little pieces and... put 'em together into a bigger pattern, reconstructing them, piece by piece by piece, until it all starts making sense, and I realize, Well, hell! There it is right under your damn nose. It only took you two decades of bickering to see it. There-there's a phrase, "The disgust of self-recognition." - Hmm. - That's it. Right there. Huh. There's a... another side to that, too... Maybe you've felt this. When I was sitting at the table with Eric... when I saw that look on his face when he was talking about that hidden dynamite, I wanted him dead. I mean, I wanted to watch him die in the electric chair, and I wanted it with every part of my heart, mind and soul. And I hadn't felt like that since our little son was killed. And that's when I knew it was time for me to hang it up. Because it was gonna turn me into someone I didn't like very much, and I do not have the years left in me to work through all that again. Look... he's just a narcissist who went shopping at Walmart and hid in the woods. Blowing up bombs is easy. Taking all the pieces and scraps... putting them together... making something beautiful... something true... that'shard. And maybe it's futile. But it's noble. Well, hell. Maybe I'lltake up quilting. Well, what are you... what are you gonna do next? I don't know. You know, it's funny... feels like I'm standing on my own two feet for the first time in my life. Just gonna enjoy that feeling for a little bit. I'll figure something out. Hey. Here's to gettin' out while the getting is good. All escort officers to the dock area. All escort officers to the dock area. Welcome home. To the rest of your life. Who's the writer next door? Ted Kaczynski, Unabomber. Who's he writing to? Ted's got a huge fan club. From his manifesto. Manifesto, huh? ♪ You'd better run, Rudolph ♪ ♪ Run, Rudolph, run. ♪ ♪ You'd better run, Rudolph ♪ ♪ Run, Rudolph, run. ♪ Well, I'm not sure how I'm supposed to feel, but at least it's finally over. Where's the justice in that, hmm? Eric Rudolph kills all those people, and he's the one who gets the dignity of due process. Gets his day in court. While you were accused, convicted, and sentenced by the media without even a chance to defend yourself. You never had that. And you never will. I know. And the worst of it? I know in my heart, that even though Eric Rudolph pled guilty, there are still people who think it was you. There will always be people who think it was you. Where's the justice in that, hmm? How's that supposed to be the end of all this? You need anything from the food store? I'm going. Nah, I'm fine. Okay. See you Sunday. Oh, did you read in the paper about that reporter dying? That, uh, Kathy Scruggs? The one who never apologized. No, I hadn't heard. How...? Um... I mean, she was young. Heroin, the paper said. Or implied. I half-expected to see her in court today. I never could've imagined she died, - let alone to drugs. - Oh, stop. Kathy Scruggs never shed a tear for you. Bad end to a bad seed. Serves her right. No, it doesn't, doesn't serve her right. She was just as caught up and turned around in all this as I was. I'll see you Sunday. Uh, come pick me up around 10:30. I love you, son. Mama? Mama?! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 