Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e8 - Join or Die - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Join or Die - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Following Jay Leno's apology to Jewell in the ether - - Piedmont College has agreed to pay damages to Jewell. Has "60 Minutes" Changed Your Opinion About Jewell? Richard Jewell sues us for defamation. It's aimed at the magazine and you personally, Kathy. It's not groundless. I've never been sued before. What does that mean? What do we do? "AJC" will not let you down. If you stick to us, we will fight to the last. We have good arguments and reasonable winning chances. He has only one real estate lawyer. We have a whole team suit. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We can bury them in paperwork and end up avoiding losing. But if we choose to resist, it will be serious. Jewell is popular and a fighter. We will probably win in the end, but it will cost five years in court. You have to face Jewell time and time again. If you can't, we need to know now. What is the alternative? Is there an alternative? We can do, like everyone else. Make a settlement and apologize. But your and the newspaper's reputation will suffer. How much? - The newspaper will survive. - The newspaper will survive... In this industry, everything is about credibility. You would be done as a journalist. Here and elsewhere. I can't even imagine that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But if we conclude a settlement and apologize, it's soon over. Then it doesn't hang over you. You can start over. Become a teacher or breed goats... Or what normal people are doing now. You are young enough to start a new chapter. What to do after such a case? Having been humiliated in public? Ask Richard Jewell. Take a few days off and consider it. Aunt Kathy, you came! I thought you would miss it. Hey darling. How are you doing? - There are my gifts. - What a lot there are. Look there now. Hey darling. We would have invited you. We didn't think you would show up. Where's Mom? I would stay here for a while to get away. Because of what has happened? It must be very difficult. You can go with Scout tomorrow, Aunt Kathy. That was a good idea. Run and play with your friends. Maybe you can tell my students about your work. They would love to meet a metropolitan journalist. - I'll get a water. Do you want? - No thanks. What you should do within. Fine. - Hi, my sunflower. - Hi Mom. Give me a hug. Where is it nice to see you. - You're so thin. The secret? - Stress. Your sisters are just envious because you are successful. It is not. The other thing is some sauce. It is soon forgotten. You're a winner. You always have been. My boast. Let me show you a little. Family photos are cute - - but everyone in Athens has Christmas pictures on the walls. No one has headlines. If you took my articles down, what would you hang up instead? Why should I do that? But if you had to. What picture would you hang then? Probably when you were the ballet queen in school. And debutant ballet. - It's 25 years ago. - But the photographs are fine. Do you think you would have been happier if you had children and a house? No, then. It was never for you. Not even when you were little. You took a risk and built a successful life. There would have been nothing left... if the headlines disappeared. - Then I had been deleted. - Don't be so bitter. Nothing in the world can make me take the headlines down. I'm proud of you, my sunflower. - Yes... - So. Come here. It will be OK. You can stay here for a while. - You're always welcome here. - Grandma! - We're opening gifts now. - I'll be here shortly. Go upstairs and rest. When you're ready, you can take a dress from the wardrobe and come down. I do it. Richard Jewell can fuck me. May I...? Special Agent Jack Brennan. Is Agent Embry there? It is urgent. There is access for staff only. My sister is the sous chef. You might as well shut me in. - I'm an ATF agent and... - Agent Brennan from the FBI. Tracy? Do, as the agent says, otherwise you hear from Washington. Feel free to call the FBI headquarters. The number is here. - Thank you. - You're welcome. What are we looking for? Look here. A cash purchase a week ago. Here in Murphy. Are they saying that lasts something to you? Every single component he uses to build his bombs - - is on that receipt. It must be a coincidence. You do not buy these goods if you do not want to build a bomb. Eric uses galvanized tubes as an explosive container. 25 cm of a 15 cm wide tube can contain... about five kilos of TNT. That's a lot. If he builds the bombs with these items - - every bomb gets just as powerful - - like the one who detonated at Centennial Olympic Park. What do you mean by "every single bomb"? There are no parts for a single bomb. But to eight. You were right... on the whole. - What do I do now? - You already do. Follow the truth wherever it leads you. I spent the day with Janet Reno to take on the fallout. She wants to know who we're dragging ahead of the Congress for the Jewell situation. - I... - You don't have to worry. - I'm not sacrificing my own. - Yes. Continue in North Carolina with full force. I mean, we have to change course. Dramatically. Pardon...? Is it a joke? No. I think we should aim Rudolph for the Olympics bombing. Is this "Hidden Camera"? The locals protect Rudolph because he is considered a hero. If they hear that Rudolph was behind the Olympics bomb, they will stop. Then we get the opportunity to catch him. That may also be true. Rudolph was behind the bomb during the Olympics. Dont even think about it. I understand you want your portion of the cake. But I have to look at the whole. - Dad knows best? Is that so? - Exactly. Frankly... you don't understand anything. You're too busy with negotiations in Washington and with Janet Reno. You have no idea what's happening in the field. I have. My team trusts me. So do Nanthahala's inhabitants. And the militia, even if they don't want to be. I serve those people. I do not sacrifice them so that you can appear in favorable light to Janet Reno. Or NBC News. Little Jack Brennan has grown up! I love your commitment. But let me ask a question. How much power do you think you have? Enough to make life miserable for you. You are leading the investigation. Arrest Rudolph for the Olympics bomb if you like. But it will be the end of your career. Jewell will be flowing before you. If you want to die on that hill, I won't stop you. It is an honor. We have three defenses. There are traps throughout the forest and there are records in all directions. - The FBI doesn't know what's waiting. - No, they don't. Captain Blackburn was my instructor many years ago. - Are you helping fight the FBI? - No. You need to get off, Rudolph. The captain here will get you away to safety. There are several safe hangouts and a specialized unit will help you out. And then nightmares are over for all of us. Exactly. - Are you sure they're reliable? - I wanted to give them my life. From North Carolina to Guatemala or Panama is easy. - How do we get out of Nanthahala? - We have a plan. Look here. We have found a weak point in the FBI's line of defense. After sunset, the Regulators initiate a diversion maneuver. We fire Chinese and drive around to divert the FBI's attention. - They suppose it's you. - I am in. Meanwhile, you go to an ATV that holds right here. When our scouts give the green light, you drive out. My SPIKE team is waiting for you 16 kilometers away with a new vehicle. - And then you're gone with the wind. - May I make some suggestions? I think the diversion maneuver should rather take place in the clearing here. It is closer to the FBI's base, so the management interferes. Thank you for everything you have done. You've sacrificed a lot. - You're in my prayers. - And you in ours. Shooting and vehicle moving! Go on! Shooter in position! We are on the way. Where the hell is he? Come on! Come on! You probably haven't waited long. Are we ready? Your case is baseless. We are ready to go to court. We have settled with NBC, CNN, ABC and the New York Post. You are "AJC". I thought we should talk conciliation. And hear an apology. "AJC" has nothing to apologize for. Neither has Miss Scruggs. We believe that the articles meet the journalistic standards. - We would like to go to the Supreme Court. - What a fuck...! Miss Scruggs? They lied about me in the newspaper. They were the first. And now I can't get a job - - act or subtract the curtains. Whatever happens in court - - there are people who will think I'm a killer as long as I live. - Because of what you wrote. - You don't have to answer. You are so successful that you are not used to fooling me like me. But inside you know how to look yourself in the mirror. I can give you that. I don't want a big fight. But you made a mistake. It started with you. Help me finish it. - I want to... - You don't have to answer. I was not stupid. I was not wrong. They have had a hard time, but your well-being is not my responsibility. My job is to write about the facts I encounter. That's what journalists do. All claims in my articles live up to our standards. I did as I should. I did my job. I followed the journalistic rules. Neither I nor anyone else will apologize for it. Yes, but you were wrong. I was not wrong. I wrote that the FBI was investigating you. There are facts. I wrote that you were on a bombing course. There are facts. That you fit the profile of a hero bombardman. What profile? According to whom? We have objective attitudes. It is an editorial decision. I followed the editorial guidelines. So do you mean that your headlines and what you wrote are not erroneous? I say that in journalism - - is about making the facts correct. - We acted correctly. - This is not about principles! It's about the person sitting in front of you. Look at him! Can't you do the right thing - - and admit what everyone knows is true? I stand behind my lyrics. Every single word. Well. See you in court. - Miss Scruggs? - No, come on. Have you seen so many assholes before? They want war. Do they force her? She doesn't seem to be doing well. That does not matter. She can go to hell. He made us look like idiots. He never came! - Where the hell did you get off? - How the hell were you yourself, asshole! - You never came. - Drop it there! I was on my way there when the FBI showed up in a place you said was safe. You talk and talk. Look at my leg! They almost got me! - We should have hit harder! - Show them who decides here. It makes us look like teenage boys! "Don't step on me"? - Fall right down, mate. - I've said it again and again. We must punish them! Make them bleed. It's high time. We talk about it in the council. Even more talk and the loom? That's what they expect! I am leaving. But I call when I think you can protect me! We're going to pork on them right now! We have both weapons and equipment. What the hell are we waiting for? I lift the stones and reveal the horrors beneath them - - so my sisters can go to parties without having to... Should I apologize? Like I was a villain? It was a great tip and a great story. With a source in Washington. I did everything right. - But now... no one is on my side. - They can run you. Do you think I ruined his life? Gods, Kathy. Forget him. You've got him on the brain. Who? Listen up. Want to forget it? I have something here. - I've already tried that. - No no. This is better. Up and down like in the good old days. You really are on my side, right? A dramatic development in the case of Richard Jewell. Several news channels, ABC - - NBC, "New York Post", "Time Magazine" and a radio station - - and CNN News has settled a deal with Jewell - - on unknown sums after his performance in "60 Minutes". We thought the news was true, but it wasn't. The stamping of Jewell as a bomber has caused great pain - - for Jewell and his family. My editor and I would like to apologize to Mr Jewell. Only one newspaper has chosen not to conclude and apologize: "Atlanta, Journal-Constitution." Kathy Scruggs was the first to... I know you're there. I asked Lindsay to say... I'm very sick, Bill. I've been to the doctor. I'm not leaving. She told it. - I almost believed her. - Yes, she's good. We always say we can stop when we want to. Now you have to prove it. Do you understand? It's up to you. I'm not coming back. There is not a single big lie to point out. Not a single bad decision. It's all about small adjustments small assumptions... that together created this. - Anything in there? - Milk, but no sugar. What to do? When? When an authority... A command road, the institution to which you have dedicated your life - - which they believed stood for truth is as defective as everyone else? So... Do you know the story of the madman who built his house on sand? A large, beautiful house on the beach. Even after the first storm, the house was in ruins. His neighbor, who was a wise man, also built a house. But before he started building, he drilled into the sand - - and secured the foundation of the bedrock. When the storm was over, his house was still standing there. The bedrock can in this case mean... faith, substance or truth. As Jesus says, there are two different types of people. The wise man and the fool. However, I think... that it may well be the same person. The fool had to build his house on the sand - - maybe two or three times before attaching it to the bedrock. And then he becomes wise. Whether you like parables... that's how it works. There is one way to solve this. Rudolph is behind bars. And only one man can provide. Not the wise man... or the fool. I hope that bedrock is strong. - It's a joke, right? - That's our only chance. Do you want to die because you were mistaken for Richard Jewell? It wasn't ours not fault. We followed the orders. I had a choice. I must do well again. Do not. You are a wheel in a large organization. That's the problem. I've done, as everyone wanted, all my life. I can either be loyal to the management or the truth. You have said that since the day we met. I didn't think you were listening. Talk to Joe Holliwell. Rudolph must be sifted when I come back. Fine. But... What if you don't come back? - You see it. - Thanks for helping with this. You play with the fire, boys. I bet your heads end up on the wall of the militia base. Keep up. They're out here. - I'll come later, Lee. - Fine. This is our lift. Get in the car with them! - We're unarmed. - Shut up! Bring them in! Drive! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 