Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e5 - Land of the Noon Day Sun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Land of the Noon Day Sun - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Get an egg, Tim. You don't have to look like Will Rogers to do it. - Who's Will Rogers? - Take your basket and go now. Give me the sausage. Have you pissed? Are you lying? Go to pee. Rachel? Feed your sister. Make sure she doesn't spill anywhere. Timmy? Tim? Timothy? Did your mother say she knew someone named Eric Rudolph? Timothy! Tim? Enter the house. Go! What a tough thing. Bully an eight year old. - All revolvers must be plugged. - Get rid of my property! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We're chasing a runaway. Eric Rudolph. - I blow what you do! Whether you walk on my property or as much as look at my kids again- - may you see anything other than toy guns, I can promise. Bobi? I'm Kathy Scruggs. - Miss Jewell? - No, go. I have nothing to say to you. It only takes two minutes. Can you explain this to me? Richard returns to the scene and seems to agree. But it can't be that way? - I'm at my job! - I know. I'm sorry. But the pictures will be published. Don't want to explain? No comment. Leave me alone. They want to write about the incompetent father and the psychological counseling. It doesn't matter! I agree. Help me write something with greater news value. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 For example, about the press conference planned by Richard. - What do you feel in front of it? - I have nothing to say to you. You have to have some thoughts around it? - Has anything happened, Bobi? - No. The lady has to go. Goodbye. He had a great day. When you want to tell your side of the matter, call me. - 27. July I saw an item... - Come on, Richard! –... in Centennial Olympic Park. - Artikuler. Make eye contact. Why can't you just stand there and declare your innocence to the world? Why are you so hard on it? Bobi? Thank you, Bobi! You have to decide what to wear at the press conference - - and review the statement I have written. And please, help me reach your son. - Give him a kick back. - Look, Watson. I do not intend to stand in front of any cameras and talk. I give a glimpse into what you're saying. Leave my home, hell! - That journalist found me. - Which journalist? Here you try to get back everyday and the journalist rolls in - - and start talking about your dad and stepfather! All the crap we have in our past is going to be dug up - - and you want to hold a press conference?! I love you, but you are too gullible. You let that lawyer fool you into doing something stupid. Do you think the press is different from the FBI? They are wolves. They will hang out our dirty clothes for their own pleasure! They blow completely into the truth! You are like an injured buffalo who does not see that they intend to jump on you. Do you think I want this? I have no choice! That you have. Call Watson and cancel all the shit! I can not. And I don't want to. I'm tired of acting like I'm guilty. You cannot turn back the clock. I have to make sure I get acquitted. Do not attend the press conference. But I have to, no matter what. You're right in one thing. I must not go. And I won't. If you run the press conference - - and a media gang camps outside again... you will find a new place to live. Watson wondered why I didn't dare speak out. It's your fault. The reason I became a police officer... The reason I wanted to fight crimes was to protect you. After what Dad and stepfather did to you, I wanted to give you security. The worst thing is that I hurt you when I saved those people. The person I wanted to protect. I did what was right... and saved those people... thanks to the way you raised me. I just want to make you proud. It has always been my wish. ATF'S LABORATORY ATLANTA, GEORGIA It is the same type of steel. Same carbon content. The plate has the same thickness, is cold rolled and circularly cut. We can take more tests, but we can hardly be more confident. The directional plates are the only technical evidence we have- - which ties Eric Rudolph to the bomb in Olympic Park. Before we make any charges, we must be completely secure. You might think it might be a coincidence. In that case, both bombers must have chosen to use 6 mm thick plate. But the way both did it was to unite two three-millimeter plates. Both also bought the disc from the same manufacturer of the same quality. Both also cut them with circular cutters with carbide leaves - - and TIG - welded them together. No arc welding, epoxy, soldering - - or any other form of joining. It's totally sick. So the only logical alternative is that two different bombers- - used the exact same tools and materials? Both know a lot about bombs, but little about steel, in exactly the same way. You learn. I've called the FBI's Atlanta office, but nobody wants to listen to me. - They have done their own analysis. - It can be that way sometimes. They have decided on Jewell and refuse to admit the mistake. As Paul says, "The body is one, but has many parts." One part is investigating an innocent man - - but one part chases the guilty. If one part doesn't let us in, we'll try the next. Write down all the facts we have, then we go to Nantahala. No! We can't go to Nantahala. - Who said that? - Our bosses. And the FBI. Say I forced you, then I'll play dumb. I can. Write down the whole thing! This one is secured! We move on. - Are we being protected? - I was bitten by a rattlesnake! Hell! Unna. Keep an eye out for the hose. Satan! Put on pressure dressing and call for sanitation. Nantahala is 200,000 acres. Pure dream for a runaway. Deep ravines and compact foliage. 30,000 famous caves. - Did you find him? - Rudolph is Army Ranger trained. He knows the forest in detail. It's no excuse, but a fact. I have developed a new strategy called "Omring the Mountain". Rudolph is still in Nantahala and has been cooking for about two weeks. He must come out sooner or later, and when he does, we're ready. We have set up hidden cameras along all hiking trails. Here you see the cameras. We've put out secret agents. We also have roadblocks on all roads to and from the place. Every person is identified and all cars are searched. Eric Rudolph has nowhere to go and can't do much anymore. Does he have family or friends? Anything we can use? Rudolph grew up in Murphy and moved home five years ago. No one knows him now. The father is dead, the mother and brothers are in Florida. They refuse to cooperate, the state hates. We monitor them around the clock. I like "Surrounding the mountains". It's fine in the mouth. By the way, it sounds like we're just waiting. We must take the initiative. The FBI has its limitations, sir. But there are many hunters and walkers who know the forests. The average salary is only $ 20,000 there. Put Rudolph on Most Wanted List - –And offer $ 50,000 in rewards. Then we will get help. And remember UNABOMB. One tip from a relative is all it takes. It sounds better. Preventing and being active at the same time is key. Thanks, sir. But 50,000 is too small. Especially since UNABOMB gave 1,000,000. Too much attention may not be good either, sir. 50,000 provide tips from people in the area. A million is another matter. It is win or disappear. I understand. And we will win. A million dollars it will be. - Make it public in Murphy. - Yes, sir. Thanks. - I'm on your way to your boss. - Open the trunk, please. Are you going to do this every day, asshole? - Get in the car, sir. Now! - I do not think so. Shall I help you? Dickerson guys are fierce. - Can't you just leave? - Jimmy! Calm down. - Do you realize we're on the same page? - Get rid of you, Sheriff. - Okay, asshole. - It's ridiculous! You come here... FBIS TEMPORARY COMMAND CENTER People are already pissed off on roadblocks, door knockers– –And exploration patrols. Do you think a bounty of a million helps? I think someone knows where Rudolph is or sees him picking up food. Now there are a million reasons to stand out. Don't you think they do it otherwise, just because they don't dress? Give us more respect than that! If you offer great rewards - - we get a media outlet, and every one of us baptizes in the region - - with rifle and a bus ticket is going to create chaos. People in this peaceful city will not cope. They will be cursed at you. I'm trying to catch a bomber, not be this year's Murphy man. He is not wrong. Faning a million can have unintended consequences. Washington takes care of the whole. It is win or disappear. Tell Washington that this is my home! Good morning. I am Special Agent Jack Brennan, Chief of the FBI Investigation Group. FBI Chief Louis Freeh and Justice Minister Janet Reno– - has commissioned me to offer 1 million for Eric Rudolph's arrest. Unintended consequences... We appeal to the public... Dozens of hunters have flocked to the city. Do you see this, Dan? - I'll call them. - You can only dare! Do you want Eric to be shot by a junkie? I'm in line. They listen to my phone and put me in line! Ask their friends to pick up the phone, wood shells! Come on! Amazing... Eric is seen in Hanoi, Paris, Dublin– - and "Going to Hell". Fun. FBI bomb squad. What was the name? Patricia what? That exploration pattern from here on out. Is it perceived? Thank you, gentlemen. Earl Embry and Joe Holliwell. We talked together in Birmingham. Our investigation has ended. We believe that since the direction plate- –Which was found in Birmingham– - in many ways, agrees with the one in Centennial Olympic Park- - then the bombs must be placed by the same perpetrator. This is also about Jewell. We can prove that he is innocent. CENTBOMB is being investigated by the Atlanta office. Give it to them. They do not hear. They rely on faulty analysis. So they heard, but had information that said something else. We are happy to review the report with you. I know it's long. End! See what we have in front of us. Does this help me catch Eric Rudolph? In that case, I read the whole thing from perm to perm. But if that doesn't help me with Rudolph, it will end up in the mound. - We believe in a connection... - The report is important. But it doesn't help you catch Eric Rudolph. Thanks for the honesty. Feel free to come when you have something to do. What about Richard Jewell? Do we leave him alone? I don't tear up two reviews because of your words. But I promise to read when I get the opportunity. Thank you, gentlemen. If we're right, Eric Rudolph is the one who blew up Centennial Park - - are you dealing with an extremely cunning and ruthless man. In that case, be careful! Much more cautious than you thought. - Did you bring bathing suits, boss? - What? We're going to Florida. Pat Rudolph has something to say. - This is sick. - Talk to the back row. Think about the eye contact. It goes well. Today, the nightmare may be over. - Radiate self-confidence. - Richard? Okay. Now I am here. I'm not saying one word to the media, but I'll stand by your side. I'll show them that I'm proud of you. - Fit your hair. Don't make me cry. - Now it smells. Self-confidence. If it wasn't for Richard Jewell, the headline for the 1996 Olympics would say: "Over 100 died in bomb attack on Olympic Park." But by the irony of fate- - Richard Jewell is erroneously designated as a killer- - of the world's two most powerful superpowers. The US State and the Media. I will present uncontested evidence - - for Richard Jewell, according to the FBI's own time record- - cannot have placed the bomb in Olympic Park. But first I want to give Richard Jewell the chance - - to tell about the tough time with their own words. Richard? This is... This is the first time I ask you to point the cameras at me. My name is Richard Jewell. I'm not the Olympics bomber. Ever since... Ever since July 30, I've been scared every waking moment. Afraid of being arrested for a crime I did not commit. In trying to achieve their goals - - the FBI and the media have almost annihilated me and my mother. On the evening of July 27, 1996, I had no thoughts of becoming a hero. All I wanted to do was do my job properly. I'm standing in front of you here today... to let you know what I've always known. That I am innocent. You robbed my son of everything. Without the least evidence. He is not just innocent. Richard is a hero. He saved hundreds of lives. So I want you in the media - - and I ask the FBI and everyone else hearing this - - to wash my son! Under your chairs you will find information packs - - with timings for Richard's movements during the bombing. - Do you think it worked? - We'll look at the news. But we gave everything we had. You can be proud! Do we go home and wait? Damn it. I'm in the running. I'm going to celebrate at Applebee's. I wonder if you want to join me? Jewell could not have placed the bomb and called 911. - It changes everything. - Hush. Let me think. The newspaper must write a correction. Do you have to apologize? You have no idea what you're talking about! Do you think this shit matters? This is just a pile of paper. We decide what a story is. That is why we are journalists and they are ordinary people. - Doesn't the facts matter? - Is this the elementary school? Yes, the facts play a role. As raw material. Their narrative is consistent with the facts. So what? Do you think a journalist's job– - to believe everything you hear and repeat it? Are you a stenographer or reporter? - Our job is to find the truth. - Think about it is the truth. He feels real. So did the others. That's because they're sheep. We have to dig deeper. I'll be right back. Hey boys. I need some help. Do you have room for one more? No! Stay there! Just that. It was brave and wise for you to contact us, Mrs. Rudolph. In 90% of cases where the mother cooperates with the police - - the hunt ends peacefully. I have raised my sons to think for themselves. If you think I can take you to a hiding place, you're wrong. We will work with the media and encourage Eric to surrender. Your presence next to us assures Eric of- –That the FBI offers a safe arrest and a fair trial. I will not help you take him! I'm no idiot either. Really? Why did you call us, then? Remove a million dollars from my son's head. Some will interpret it as being free to kill. You give my son a death sentence! Only God can give and take life. Are you trying to take God's power? It's a sin. Blasphemy against the Holy Ghost. Matthew 12.31, Mark 3.28, Luke 12.10. Thanks buddy. Can you get some more iced tea? Do it, friend. You are also hunting for the wrong person. I've never heard Eric mention the word "abortion" in his entire life. He doesn't go to church. Just the thought of bombing an abortion clinic is absurd. Besides, he has a brother who is homse. It's Jamie. Eric has been to a club with him in New York! Does it sound like someone who wants to blow up a lesbian club? Could he have developed extreme political opinions lately? - Did he join a sect? - Not Eric. He's too... - Hovmodig? - Just. Eric's father died when he was 13. He does not tolerate authority. Eric also doesn't care about anything. He's just thinking about getting high, eating pizza and getting pussy. But I can blow up an abortion clinic. And gladly the FBI headquarters. You do as well as you can with the children you get from God. Eric may be an idiot, but he's not a bomber. If Eric is innocent, it is even more important that you cooperate. Get into his situation. He is chased for something he has not done. He must be both confused and scared. Maybe he sees violence as the only way out. Or even suicide. Eric needs to hear a voice he trusts, hear his mother say: "There is no danger, my boy. The truth will set you free." - You have a point, you have it. - Don't talk to them anymore, Mom. But first, the million dollar bounty must be removed. I can undoubtedly try, but I can't promise anything. They think we are mongoloid. Don't you understand, Mom? You line up on TV and they continue the hunt. What an offer! - Now I'm talking to them, Dan. - You help them kill your son! I told you not to call them. This is vicious. I warned you. - The only thing they understand is action. - What are you doing, Dan? I do this for you, the FBI and the media! OMG...! - Sometimes you get... - They talk about Richard. - Finally, they have begun to hear. - With me I have Kathy Scruggs. The FBI confirms that they believe Jewell had an accomplice. According to sources in the FBI, the action was likely carried out by two people. Jewell is said to have cooperated with an unknown perpetrator. The assistant called the emergency call that lured the police to the scene. Do they know who the man is? All they have is a voice, a male voice. He sounded white. Maybe we should pay the bill and go home. - I'm not going anywhere. - Doesn't it bother you that people stare? Shit in them! We must live our lives. They can gossip and whisper and say what they want about us! Because... we have everything we need... right here. What on earth were you thinking? Of course it is: Matthew 5.30. "If your hand causes problems, cut it off and throw it away." They will push me to betray Eric. But I rather cut my right hand. I gave the FBI and the media a message they can't ignore. No one understood what you meant, my friend. Not even me. Want to give them a message? Then I'll show you how to do it. Send someone to interview the brother who is homse. They have to be careful. If one brother is a bomber and the other cuts off his hand... Who does that? I have cooperated and been patient. You stand here every day! My daughter has to pee. I have to pee! I've waited forever. I have had enough. Do not start the vehicle. I am begging you. No, madam. Don't drive! This is it. Get in the car, you bastard. Stay seated, kids. - Get out of the car! Don't resist. - Get away with the labs! - Fits my kids, fucking Nazis! - Sikret. Let go of her. Take off her handcuffs! No one is allowed to drive past one of the FBI's roadblocks. It is about the safety of you and your children. Bullshit! You terrorize our children. - Now it holds. - Go home! Do you want to get rid of us? Help us find Eric Rudolph! Until then, we continue to do our job - to uphold the law! If I knew Eric Rudolph, I wouldn't have helped you find him! Listen, guys! Everything is under control. She is safe. Calm down and leave the street! Spread! Calm down. Get away, Harold. Timothy, bring your siblings to Dad's car. There is no danger. You chose to tease the wrong woman. It's "Big John". He leads the North Carolina Regulators militia - - and has great power here. - We have encountered militias before. - Not like this one. I drive my family home now. We do not stop at the Road View in Mountain View. Don't search the car. We drive straight through. Alert them over the radio. Under current circumstances, I allow it. - Come on, beloved. Can you drive? - Yes I can. See you at home. Drive carefully. The show is over! Keep up with what you were doing. Sir? You should probably look at the news. Shocking photos from Murphy, North Carolina. Armed FBI agents attack a young woman and her children. Local activists protest against the state's methods in pursuit of Rudolph. Let go of my children, you fucking Nazis! Rudolph's mother did not save on the powder in her first meeting with the media. Patricia Rudolph believes the FBI's investigation is a conspiracy. Nantahala people must understand what is happening in this country! Who are friends and who are enemies? Hope they knock the shit out of the FBI! You can't do anything else. Unintended consequences. Mr Freeh is on the thread. It's urgent. Eric Rudolph's mother calls. What do you have to say, Pat? Ask yourself why the FBI spends so much money on one person - - who should have killed one and injured one? Does the state think we are idiots?! One must not belong to Christian Patriot, or what they are called- - to understand that the state has some sleet in the mountains. Hannah Gray talks about her meeting with the FBI. I wanted to take the kids to the toilet when I squeezed against the car! That must not happen! We should not take the back seat - –And let the Fascist Bureau of Intimidation roam freely. - Step on a snake and you will be bitten! - The mood is hateful in Murphy. Is the FBI trying to take over? Call me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 