Manhunt: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Manhunt 
 s2e6 - Army of God - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Manhunt (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Army of God - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LATEST NEWS The bomber speaks out. Eric Rudolph is charged with three bombings - - and has published a number of letters. In the letters, Rudolph takes charge of the attacks - - against an abortion clinic outside Atlanta, Otherside Lounge - - and the abortion clinic where Officer Robert Sanderson was killed. Rudolph claims that one sole goal was "to stop the child murders". Rudolph calls himself "a defender of the values ​​that founded the United States". Another chapter in the pursuit of the bomber. This part of the letter contains details - - on the construction of the bombs in Sandy Springs and Birmingham. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He will prove that he is guilty. Is that right, he writes, Embry? The details are right. None of them have been shared with the public. The bomber is the only one who can know this. The letters are written by Eric Rudolph, the signature notwithstanding. "God's army". What do we have on them? Is it a terrorist organization? It is common for lonely wolves to try to appear powerful. He is not part of any movement. Unabomber mentioned a fictitious association called The Freedom Club. - The "army of God" does not exist. - He's trying to appear good. He writes, "I wouldn't do any harm." "Stop the child murders. Those who kill are hereby warned." He is not a killer but tries to prevent murder. Sending the letters is risky. Why does he do that? My theory is that he has no more oatmeal to eat for breakfast. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Or that a patrol has come a little too close. I think Rudolph is talking about God to grieve for a future jury. He is trying to escape a charge of intentional killing. He is close to being caught and preparing for trial. If Rudolph thinks of a lawsuit, we must take care of the rest. Double the number of patrols where the letters were posted. Extra people at the barriers. If he wants to escape, so be it now. Thanks. One more thing if you have time. If you're right, then who is his audience? Potential jurors in Alabama. And maybe a fool in Nantahala - - that will provide a Christian man with a couple of sandwiches. This is the first time he has assumed responsibility. He boasts the closest. "I know everything about the bomb, because I'm the warrior of God." Who is his audience? Who? I'm not saying you're wrong. But remember, he planned two L-shaped ambush attacks. He doesn't just drive around in search of food. He has a plan. I don't know what it's all about, but he has one. Excuse us for a moment? You've probably noticed that he takes responsibility for three attacks, not four. Sandy Springs, Otherside Lounge and Birmingham. Not the Olympics. I know. I will not repeat myself, but the facts say something else. Do you mean Rudolph detonated a bomb when the whole world was watching - - one of the most successful terrorist bomb attacks in history - - then take responsibility for three small attacks in comparison - - without mentioning his real masterpiece? Doesn't that sound sought? You're absolutely right. I don't understand that either. Thanks for your help. Earl. You are not as smart as you think. Pis. - We're home in three hours. - We're not going home. If the directional plate is not enough, we must find something else. WELCOME: MORNING PRAYER 9.00 SUNDAY SCHOOL 10.30 THE PRAYER: GOD'S GOD I wanted to preach about turning the other cheek - - but they read the letters this morning. The FBI has said again and again - - that Eric Rudolph is a terrorist, an enemy of society. I believed in them. But then I read his words. And there was something that didn't matter. I see a man who dares to shout what we all believe - - to protect defenseless babies. Eric's so-called crimes brought to power by the mighty government and the FBI - - to besiege the city and this congregation - - is that he attacked empty houses. He blew bricks into the air. He accidentally killed a guard and injured a nurse - - which, if truth be told, feeds on mass murder. Exactly! I don't know what that means. I would never call for violence - - whether by Eric Rudolph or the congregation. "Don't kill" is a commandment, not a recommendation. But... I have to say... If God's army actually exists, shouldn't we all sign up? - Today? Here and now? - Yes! The "army of God" is no terrorist group! It's here in the church - - and in 10,000 churches across the country! If you are not in it, you stand on the edge of the abyss! For if God stands on our side, who dares to stand on the other? Exactly! My hope no bounds know, for it is based on the righteousness of Jesus. I don't trust every single embrace, but have full confidence in the name of Jesus. You see it. Well, gentlemen. Just feel at home. - We really appreciate this. - Here you go. The key to Eric's kingdom. - Have a nice day. - Thanks. Phineas? Phineas! What a nice dog. He must have gotten off my food. - I know who you are. - You don't have to be afraid. Me? I am not. Go home, Phineas! Aren't you the woman the FBI assaulted? Her with the kids? I heard about it. I'm very sorry. You need to go further afield. The FBI is here several times a day. I did it to help people. To protect the innocent. Just the thought of people like you suffering because of me is horrible. Children should not see that kind. It should not be so. Go that way. North East. Thanks. - Hannah. - Thank you, Hannah. Sit down, honey. Good dog. Can you stay here? Become. It is just me. Pardon. They scared me. The FBI patrols make me easy to scare. Why are you here? Why are you in Nantahala? It is the land of God. Filled with the people of God. I grew up here. Are they? No one in town knows you. Mrs Patterson at the school does. I made some trouble. She threw me out for my Christian perspective on science. - We lived next door to Paul Ashland. - Did you know old Paul? He was like a father to me. He led my family to Jesus. Paul was my husband's friend. You could trust him when the storm hit. He probably would have said the same about me. I read your letter. Is it true? Is that all true? Yes. I'm starving in the woods and shaking - - fleeing the FBI day and night, but worth it. I would do it again if I got the choice. When it is hardest, I imagine an infant - - that had been ripped out of his mother's womb. I imagine the child growing up... It runs around laughing. If I have to suffer like this for a single child to live - - so let me suffer. They do not treat you well. The FBI's justice is a bullet in the back. I chose this path in the glory of God. I want to help you. They don't know me, but me and my husband... We have many reliable friends. Say what you need and how we can protect you - - then I'll fix it. Will you pray with me? Lord, give us Your light. We bang our heads against the wall. There's nothing here. He is religious, hates the state, and carries out ideological attacks. But there is not a single brochure or a single prayer card. No pictures of dead children, books on government or manifestos. The only thing we have is a "You are a farmer's ass if..." And a couple of Cheech & Chong ties. We're going home. Do you know the Greek myth about the farmer and the snake? Then it's story time. I love when it's story time. A farmer is on his way home on a cold winter's evening. He spots a snake on the road. It's almost frozen to death. The farmer puts the hose in his pocket and it gets the warmth of his skin. He saves the life of the snake. As soon as the snake feels the heat in his body... he bites the farmer. The farmer is dying and looking down at the snake. He asks why on earth it did. The snake replies, "It's weird. It must be in my nature." I have seen such places countless times. I've been reviewing possessions and assembling the puzzle. For 99% of the bombers, the motive is simple and personal. One has been fired, abandoned or convicted. The neighbor plays Guns N 'Roses in the middle of the night. For the last one percent, the motive is extreme ideology. The kind that dominates thoughts, relationships and one's home. It sucks out all energy like a disease. But... I've seen a few cases... quite a few... Maybe one or two during my 40 years in the business... who does it solely for pleasure. They don't believe in anything. They only want to see blood, chaos and horror. There are no motives. They just like it. It lies in their nature. You're right, young Joe Holliwell. There is nothing here. That's what scares me. Treasure. I have seen him. I've met him. He is the real commodity. He's doing something. He is a God-fearing man. And he's one of us. Paul Ashland led him to Jesus. Did you ask questions? Are you sure? Yes. He didn't ask for help, but he needed help. The FBI shoots him in the back. Only one man can help him. What sets us Regulators apart from the civilian population? Have we not sworn to fight the tyranny of the government? It's easy to say when you have neither a job nor a family. You have nothing to lose! Did you read the letters? How can you say we should not respond? If we don't strike again, we might as well shut down. We don't know him! Do you want to go to war or sit inside for his sake? I won't be raped for 30 years because you got a good idea! We must be cunning. We have families. None of us will sit inside for 30 years. That's just how it is. But there is a reason why we have that flag. I've read the letters. And then I've read them again. To me, it's like someone bombed the gas chamber in Auschwitz - - and wounded Doctor Mengele and killed an SS guard. Now the Waffen-SS has come to our city - - to find and kill the hero. We all know how history judged the SS. We also know how history judges those who did not resist. We have to be very careful... and very clever. But this is what we have been preparing for. Eric Rudolph is trying to save unborn children from mass murder. He needs help and we help him. Our children need to know that we were on the right side. - What happens? - We must not search the car. - Him? - All. They don't even roll down. The same thing happens elsewhere. - Am I arrested or do I have to drive? - To the side. - Am I arrested or do I have to drive? - Who taught you to say that? - Are you in the militia? Regulators? - Am I arrested or do I have to drive? Am I arrested or do I have to drive? - What is he doing here? - I do not know. Is he going away? Eric Rudolph can hide here. We can't let anyone drive. Received. But what do we do? - Jump in! We know where he is. - Take over here. - A backpack. - Seek coverage! Bomb Technician! Check the bag. Secured. Pis. Another false tip. Was anyone hit? I can see him! Race! In coverage! Red Team 1, Red Team 1! Reinforcements, now! Reinforcements, now! Set the shooting! - Has anyone been hit? - Red 2 is uninjured. Red 3 is also uninjured. They shot over our heads. They shot over our heads! GOD'S GOD - God's army does not exist. - It didn't. But now it does. Jack Brennan. Tell the boss I have an update. I dedicate the next song to a local hero. You know who I mean. Here comes "Get off now, Rudolph". No one should be hurt, no, he doesn't hurt a fly. The Lord knows that Rudolph didn't want 'anybody' to die. He didn't look passively when he knew what they were doing. He stopped the murderers and made a bomb. Get off now, Rudolph. Get off, Rudolph, run. Otherwise, the FBI will shoot you in the back. Not this time. What are you doing here? Waiting for my order. Get a beer. - It's the only bar in town. - FBI, I suppose. No. ATF. What is the difference? They promise each other eternal fidelity and walk in cabin shoes. I walk in work boots and bowls. Fine enough, Mr ATF. I have to tell you something. This is my family. Do you understand? Let's say someone came home to you and threatened your family. What would you do? I would introduce him to my shotgun. Exactly. But when the storm breaks out... we don't check what shoes you're wearing. When I see that picture and hear that song - - I think about what you think of it? I believe so. - The agent takes his order. - Do you refuse a man his beer? Take it with you. ERIC EATS HERE - How's it going tonight? - Pretty good. Get off now, Rudolph, get off. Otherwise, the FBI will shoot you in the back. - It's hanging. - They play it constantly on the radio. No. I don't understand why they think the guy is some kind of crusader. I don't know if Eric Rudolph is who he claims to be. But he has got the inhabitants on the hook. If they decide to take action... it ends up wrong. - What are you talking about? The militia? - Exactly. The Regulators. They are not joking. They shot over the heads of the FBI today. Next time they shoot to kill. Where does it end? Listen up. Big John Gray has connections to militias throughout the region. If you want to start a war back home in America - - you have to have Big John on his side. I am disgusted by how passive this whole action has been. He was allowed to decide the place, the pace and everything else. But most of all I am disgusted by your weakness! The shot exchange was not accidental. It was the result of a series of defeats on your part. Here's how it goes when letting cars drive unpunished through roadblocks. When allowing signs that support the wanted one! When you let a known militia freeze in a search area! Without doing anything. When you are shot by the militia... was your first thought to call "husband" - - instead of hitting again immediately! It's all been samples. And you are systematically dumped in every single test. Every single defeat has gone around the world. Not only do defeats make you appear in a bad light - - but the whole FBI. Think about it. I hate scolding my people. But the worst thing is... that you brought me into a situation where it was necessary. You've said that a fish rots from the head down. That's my action. I take on all the responsibility. I am a failure as a leader. But I can turn around. I know who was behind the gunfire and what we should do. Big John Gray. Head of the militia The Regulators. If we arrest him, they are missing their leader and falling apart. Cut off the hose head. - Why didn't you? - I need people. You don't just knock on Big John's door. You kick it in. I need special forces trained for actions in the dark. Give it to me, and then I'll get Big John in the evening news. That's how it should sound, Brennan. You are loyal and intelligent. But you have to have the killer instinct to reach the top. - A shark in a suit. - Yes. You do not get a special force. You get a whole army. Armored vehicles, helicopters. All the people you need. You get a whole military base. Now we have to dominate and show who decides. I appreciate that. But... it's a difficult balancing act. Despite the events, we believe that only a few - - that will help Rudolph or oppose the FBI. A large base can alienate every single Nantahala resident. Sit down. That's what it is like to be an FBI agent. You are all alone. The locals are never on our side. Imagine if Rudolph gets away and kills police officers somewhere. What does the Chief of Police say then? "That's not my problem." We can't say that. If you lower the parades and Eric flees and kills more - - we have their blood on our hands and it can never be washed off. We are not responsible for a city, but for an entire country. For the American people. I can forgive a few mistakes. No one is always right. But what I cannot forgive is weakness. Not in this agency and with the responsibility we have. It is better to be strong and wrong than weak and right. BRAVOBASEN MURPHY, NORTH CAROLINA You just got a Lamborghini. I hope you can run it. I know why Rudolph didn't write about the Olympics and how we find him. - We're going to war in ten minutes. - Can we two just talk together? - Nine minutes! - A minute. You asked why Rudolph did not take responsibility for the Olympics. The reason is that the Olympics bomb shows who Rudolph really is. There were small children. The Olympian bomber doesn't care about abortions. He's evil. And everyone knows that. Let's say it was him. It doesn't help me with an arrest. Yes! Introduce Big John to the facts. He listens to you. - He doesn't protect the Olympian bomber. - Those who blamed us, blow on the facts! I have spoken with him! What would you have done? Regardless of the law, what would you do if someone assaulted your family? He just wants to do the right thing. If you go to Big John with the truth and a bit of humility - - he and the gang change his mind and give us Rudolph. Jewell is the Olympics bomber. Big John doesn't last the night. We're going in. No, listen to me now. You're an accomplished FBI agent who's been in a bad situation. I understand you're under a lot of pressure. But the truth is the truth, whether or not we accept it. You know that everything you have on Richard Jewell is veneer! It looks good but is not real wood. Soon the cracks are coming. Talk to him. Talk to Big John! That's the only thing right. I promise you. That's the only thing right. That would be weak. We must not appear weak. It's too late already. It's time to drive. Good luck. Be careful. - Would you talk to me? - Yes. Does the Chief of Police have the same rights as fishery inspectors? Fisheries inspectors don't need a warrant, do they? Well. Stay in the car. We are your people. - I'll explain on the way. - Where? Pis. Sir. agent! Pis. Look. A pretty clear "clean me up". You should probably see this. They have taken all their equipment and have disappeared. Pis. Hear. It's "The Misty Glen". An old rebel song. From the Civil War? No, earlier than that. People out here carry a nag for a long time. They have been robbed by strangers for 300 years. The pipes say... "Ignore our history at your own risk." They say, "We own these mountains." PRAY FOR ERIC RUDOLPH Brush your teeth and pray your prayers, Timothy. I love you. - Do you have everything you need? - Yes, right here. - Be careful. - I promise. Take the first guard. I have an errand. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 