The Chicago Code: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chicago Code 
 s1e13 - Mike Royko's Revenge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chicago Code (2011): Season 1, Episode 13 - Mike Royko's Revenge - full transcript 
 Colvin thinks she finally has Gibbons when Killian agrees to testify before the grand jury. But Gibbons is not going down without a fight, he smears Colvin, and tells his mistress to do something, and he tells Wysocki that his brother was killed because he went bad. He even sends Wysocki proof which he sets out discredit but only gets more verification. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He was in recovery when I left. What happened? He started hemorrhaging. He's back in surgery again. I want presence in the lobby. - What's going on? - They had to remove his spleen. I notified his family. I didn't know Liam had family. His real name is Chris Collier. His family didn't even know that he was a cop. They thought he was just some two-bit criminal throwing his life away. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can we hold off the grand jury long enough for him to get better? Rumors are already flying. Gibbons has to know he's a target. Yeah, but how did him and Killian make Liam as a copper? - I got an idea. - Superintendent, I heard about officer Collier's turn for the worse. What can I do? You can put your hands behind your back, lieutenant. You're under arrest. What? Yeah, you heard her. Gibbons had you installed in my office to spy on me. Somehow you discovered officer Collier's identity and you either gave it to him or to Hugh Killian. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 If my officer dies, I will see to it that you're charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Detective Evers, book him very slowly. I think we all know who his first phone call's going to be to. Yes, ma'am. Guys. Got to get in front of this thing fast. Word's gonna spread that Chris may not survive. And without his testimony, we got no leverage on Killian. No, you're wrong. On the way to the hospital, he told me that Killian's daughter, Elizabeth, was the one that shot him, and that he shot her back. Do we know where she is now? I got teams looking, but Chris mentioned some mob doctor over in bridgeport. So we're beating the bushes. - Clear cut if you have to. - The real question is, how do we tie the shooting to Killian and Gibbons. Superintendent, you need to see this. My office has headed up an investigation into numerous charges within the police department. It's no secret morale is low on the force. It's no secret we've proven unethical behavior in superintendent Colvin's administration, most notably with her former chief of staff Mr. William Hampton. Is it true you found superintendent Colvin had an inappropriate relationship with an employee of hers? That's under investigation, Mr. shunt. We do know that the superintendent placed a young man in a position for which he lacked proper training. And unfortunately, that young man went on to be killed in the line of duty. Are you referring to her former driver, Antonio Betz? Was she sexually involved with him before his death? Now, I pushed for Teresa Colvin's promotion to superintendent. I made a mistake. I admit that. I believe the time has come for the superintendent to step down. Save the taxpayers the expense of a lengthy investigation. Alderman! That son of a bitch. Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com I've learned two things about fighting crime in Chicago. One, it's a marathon, not a sprint. So you better be ready to go the distance. And two, go for the head, that's where the teeth are. Hugh Killian damn well deserves to go down, but I'd give him up in a heartbeat to get Alderman Ronin Gibbons. The late, legendary newspaperman Mike Royko once said, "this town was built by great men "who demanded that drunkards and harlots be arrested while charging them rent until the cops arrived." Mike would be happy to know that today, the cops are going after the landlords. Superintendent, is it true that you were having improper relations with your former driver? Superintendent, is it true you're sexually involved - with your current driver as well? - That's total crap. Now get out of the way or I'll move you out of the way. Officer Bidwell, let's just get inside. Keep going. - Move! - Just get inside. Why don't you fight back? Why don't you tell them the truth? He's the one that's under investigation. I can't talk about it legally, and Gibbons knows that. So what does he do? He makes the absurd claim that I was sleeping with my driver so that I'll jump up and deny it, and then that becomes the headline. So he just gets a free pass to smear you? We win this thing by prosecuting Alderman Gibbons with facts and hard-earned evidence. I'm after jail time, not a PR win. The mayor's waiting. The allegations Gibbons is making are a complete fabrication. He's just doing it to try to discredit me. Why would he want to discredit you? Would it have something to do with this secret grand jury investigation that I've been hearing about? Well, if there was one, I wouldn't be able to talk to you about it. You know that. But I will say that it's my job to fight crime and corruption on all levels, including the highest. Teresa, this is your letter of resignation. You may recall you signed it, you left it in my care when I gave you this job. The second I see a crack in your case, your resignation becomes official. Are we clear? Yes, sir. Excuse me, sir, this is my dog Henley. Hey. He's really sick. I don't know what's wrong with him. What happened? Can you help him out? Hey, Henley. We were out playing. He's walking now, but... Police. Freeze. Everybody keep your hands where we can see 'em. Ma'am, see your hands, please? Thank you so much. Police. Police! Freeze! Police! Freeze! I got this guy! Let's go! There are guns and a rifle. Guns, guns, guns! I got 'em. Huh? Guns, Richard, guns. Elizabeth Killian, you're under arrest for the attempted murder of a Chicago police officer. I met with Antonio Betz's mother. She still blames Teresa for Antonio's death. She gave me these. Bank records. Teresa was helping Antonio by writing his family checks every few months. Now if we spin this right, we can make it look like hush money covering up a sexual relationship. I take it there's bad news as well. The undercover cop's alive. He might even make it. Where they keeping him? St. John's hospital under full protection. Who's the surgeon? - I'm not sure. - Find out. See if we've got anything on the guy. Medical mistakes happen all the time. I talked with our guy at the cook county sheriff's office. He says that Hugh Killian will soon be in a suite at the Fordham hotel, courtesy of the cpd. He's cutting a deal. Looks that way. Ellis, you know if that grand jury indicts, anything we got on Teresa Colvin doesn't matter anymore. Yeah. Nothing matters. What do you want to do? It's done already. I didn't do anything to deserve getting hauled out of an airport and brought here. Well, we picked you up with over $10,000 in cash and a ticket to Belize. It's a customs violation. Not till I landed. Lilly, are you having a sexual relationship with Alderman Gibbons? You're one to talk. Actually, slander aside, I've always been able to keep my work and my personal life separate. But maybe Alderman Gibbons chose to accuse me of sleeping with a subordinate because it's a subject with which he has some experience. I don't think you know what you're talking about. It can be very difficult to turn down a man in a position of authority. This could be your moment, Lilly. While you were in a truth-telling mood, maybe there was some other things about Alderman Gibbons you would like to share. You know, I did all of the Alderman's research on you back when you were just a candidate for this job. And? So I know who you are. You've got nothing, no man, no family. Nobody loves you. So you've got to run around making everyone else's life miserable because you've got nothing in your heart. I'm sorry you think that. I know that. Like I know that Ronin Gibbons is a good man. And he would never do anything to hurt me, so why on Earth would I tell some cold-hearted bitch anything that would ever hurt him? I think we both know that you've got nothing to hold me on. So I don't think I'll stick around for any more of your consciousness-raising... Sister. When things start getting cold out there, I'm still here if you want to talk. Docs say Elizabeth Killian can be out of the hospital in a few hours. Apparently, the mob vet did a pretty good job on the wound. Good, great. Let's get her into interrogation asap. - All right, I'll keep on 'em. - Don't make me tell you again. Just call his ass and get him down here! Oh, finally. Paul, what's... What's going on? Pulled over your fianc?e on a DUI. Well, we actually split up a month ago, so... Well, for the purpose of beating a DUI, she's still claiming fianc?e status. All right. Well, thanks for holding onto her for me, okay? What are you doing? Just tell your pals to let me go home. You know what? I can't do that until you give me some kind of explanation as to what you were doing driving drunk in the middle of the day. What do you care? - Huh? - Guys, give me a minute. Bye. Of course I care. What's wrong? My mom went to go see the doctor, and, uh, her cancer's spread. And she only has a few weeks left. - Baby... - She's my mom. I know. I'm so sorry. Yeah, you know, it's, like, first you're gone, and... now her. - It's just... I can't do it alone, Jarek. - I know. I know. Look, I'm at work right now. I gotta... Let me... why don't I get one of the guys to drop you home? Tonight, when I'm done, we can talk about it, all right? - Okay? - Okay. Yeah? Come on... I still hate you. You should. Uh, Paul, uh, do me a favor, man. Can you please just drop her home? Sure. You left something. Is this yours? No. I'm gonna see you tonight, right? - Yeah. - Okay. Hugh Killian in his younger mob days? Yeah. Who's the guy with him? That's my brother, Vincent. So I asked her, "superintendent, "is it true you're sexually involved with your current driver as well?" "As well." Yeah, nice touch. Wait till you see it on television. Her expression is priceless. Ooh, police on your left. Detective. We're running into each other a lot lately. This is Alan shunt from the Chicago Post. Are you done feeding him questions you want him to ask my boss, or should I come back another time? Huh? Good talking to you, Alan. - Take care of yourself. - Yeah, take care. It's good talking to you, too, Alan. Where did you get this? From what I understand, it came from the personal collection of Mr. Killian. What does it mean? What does that say to you? It says that Hugh Killian murdered your brother. You get that from what, some 15-year-old photograph? The one guy you know who's going to put you away is the very same guy that killed my brother? - That's awfully coincidental. - I know how it looks. But I believe you're a man who goes with your gut, Detective. And the reason that you came all the way down here to find me is because when you look at the photograph, your gut tells you that something ain't right. I can't prove that, but you can. All I can do is show you where to look, Detective. What you do when you find the truth... That's up to you. Mr. Killian. Welcome to your new home, for the time being. I'll get that. You have HDTV. You have a minibar that is fully stocked, top shelf. And I hear the in-room dining is quite good. The prime rib in particular. I've got this. Are you the concierge now? This place is all yours. At least for the next two hours. And then after that, you're going to have to pay with Alderman Gibbons' freedom. Well, from what I hear, your witness Liam, isn't too conscious at the moment. Officer Collier is gravely injured, yes. And if he should die, then you are a free man. However, we have your daughter, Elizabeth, in custody. We've got her cold as the shooter. Elizabeth? She shot him? If he does die, then I will make it my personal mission to see to it that your daughter has the most horrific experience the Illinois penal system has to offer. Unless what? Hey, can I get a hand over here? Yeah. So, uh, how many polacks does it take to change a light bulb, huh? It's just going to take two. Hand me a 40 watt. You know, they're gonna stop making these. Idiot do-gooders are going to force us all to switch to Mercury bulbs. Combat global warming or some nonsense. - Is that so? - Yep. You know what's in those Mercury bulbs, don't you? Mercury? That's right, smart-ass. You bust one of those on your kitchen floor, you're supposed to evacuate the pets and open all the windows until the boys the Hazmat suits show up. You want a sandwich? Uh, no. I actually want to ask you about something. - Well, table talk, huh? - Yeah. - Sounds serious. - It kind of is. You, uh... You break it off with the Mexican? Cuban, dad. She's Cuban, okay? Oh, yeah. Well, whatever. And yes, I did actually, but... You know when, uh, you know when Vinnie and I were in High School... You tangled a lot with the Irish mob, yeah? Right. You ever bust a hood - named Hugh Killian? - Killian? Sounds familiar. He came up through the ranks. He runs his own section now. Back then he would have been just muscle. Oh, yeah. I remember him. Kill-a-man... that's what we called him. He would have been more than muscle, Jarek. He was a trigger man for Terry Foley. Did Vincent ever say anything about him? What's your brother got to do with this? Where did you get this? Pop, you know something about this, don't you? No. Tear it up. Why? Why? Your brother came to see me, a month... Maybe longer before he died. He said he was in trouble, worried. Okay, he was undercover, what? This is not about the job. This was something else. He wouldn't tell me who or what. He just said that he'd done something bad, and he was afraid if he tried to climb out, these people would come after him. You never said anything about this to the police after he was dead, did you? You never said anything to me, did you? - No. - Why? I didn't know anything that would help them find who did it. - Yeah, is that right? - And whatever troubles Vincent had he was a hero, Jarek. Whatever mistakes Vincent made, they were his own and they died with him, and I was not going to let anyone dishonor his name. No one. I have no comment about Antonio Betz. Not now, not ever. Special Agent in charge Cuyler. Can you excuse us please? Of course. So, to what do I owe the honor? I have a mid-level mob boss who's ready to flip on a corrupt Alderman if I can get him a nice mcmansion in Wyoming. Wyoming. He likes the mountains. What did you tell him? That I'm not in the relocation business, but I know someone who is. And here I was, delusional enough to think that the reason behind the request for this little visit might be more personal than professional. And here I was thinking that you just love your work. Eight hours a day, yeah. The other 16, my imagination runs rampant. Well, since we're on business hours, how about helping me out? Yeah. Vonda, you know what, I was thinking Vegas. Your idea of a romantic vacation is Las Vegas? Hey, Vegas can be a blast. Hmm, I don't want to run into whatever disease-ridden strippers you rained money on the last time you were there. Oh, girl, please. Are you telling me you and your buds didn't hit a strip club when you went to Vegas? All right, fine. Well, what were you thinking then? I don't know, I was thinking something warm. Oh, my God. I'll get the doctor. Officer Collier. Take it easy, take it easy. You know who I am? Everyone does. Mission's over. Welcome back. Hey, I hear our boy's awake. - Yeah, and talking. - Yeah? Superintendent's in there now. Hey, kid. Boy, am I glad you're not as dead as I thought you were. Detective Wysocki, I'd like you to meet officer Chris Collier. Chris... that's going to take some getting used to. You remember much? I remember seeing Hugh Killian shoot that juror. I remember Elizabeth shooting me. That's more than enough to seal the deal with Killian. Great. Can I have a word? Absolutely. You get some rest. Your family's coming in later tonight. Oh, hey. I finally get to tell them I'm not a total screw up. No, you are Chicago police. And a good one. What's up? Where do we stand with Hugh Killian? He's giving us Alderman Gibbons. And what have we agreed to give him? It's still being negotiated. Okay, great. Break off negations. Offer him nothing. What? Hugh Killian might be the man that killed my brother Vincent. - What? - Yeah, look at it. At the very least he knows who did it. - Where did you get this? - Alderman Gibbons. - Gibbons? Gibbons?! - I know. I know. - Come on, he's playing you. - I know, but it doesn't mean that it's not the truth. And this photo doesn't mean that it is. So what, your brother drank at the same bar with some Irish gangsters one night. Come on. Vinnie, Vinnie was, Vinnie was undercover with the Russians not the Irish. Well, they're not mutually exclusive, Jarek. No, when this photo was taken, they were, okay? The Irish were trying to force the Russians out. So there's no way. Do not let Gibbons screw with your head, Jarek. Gibbons knows that we have Killian. He knows that we're going to get him to roll. If I find nothing, fine, send the guy to the Bahamas. I will chip in for the sunblock, but until then, no deals. You've got to give me some more time. Jarek, I wouldn't be giving you time. I'd be giving Gibbons time. - Don't do... don't-don't... - And that's all he wants. He wants time to regroup. He wants time to force me out of office. We would just be destroying everything we worked so hard... You want Gibbons so bad, that you are willing to do a deal with a cop killer. Yeah. You are willing to do a deal... Look, I understand, I understand this is about your brother. - Yes, it's about my brother. - I understand that, I understand that. And I promise, I promise you that I will continue putting department resources into solving your brother's murder. But I will not throw away my one shot at a corrupt politician over a 15-year-old photo that doesn't prove anything. So what was our deal? Any case that I want, yeah? I choose this case... the murder of my brother, Vincent Wysocki. And I have a suspect. - No, you don't. - Yes, I do. - You do not. Well, then you don't have me. I quit. Hey. Back off. Court county sheriffs will be taking custody of Killian. They'll have him back at the grand jury by 4:30. That's cutting it close. I want him to go on record before court closes today. I'll see if they can move it up. To winning one. To winning one. For once. You know, there's something about justice being served that always makes me crave a steak. Well, if you're asking me to dinner, then it would have to be just for dinner. Aw, no dessert? Really? Okay, I will stop fooling around if you will grant me one date... Just one... with flowers and candles and Shakespearean sonnets and a lot more wine than this. You know I can't do that. Look, I know that you feel like you've got to be the best at what you do. There are none of us who are any good that feel any differently. But you can't let the job be your whole life, Teresa. And things like this don't come along that often. Well, I know that if I went out on a date, than I'd probably want to go out on another one, and then another one. So far I'm liking the sound of this scenario. And then at some point, the press would cry conflict of interest. And a scandal would break. And then everything that I have worked so hard for since the academy, would be taken away from me without a second thought. And they would never hire another woman for this job, because they would say the first one was too weak to control her hormones with an FBI special Agent in charge. Even though he was handsome. And funny. And things like this don't come around all that often. So you... you want me to quit my job? Boys. Wysocki. Jaghole mobster gets luxury hotel suite, working man gets folding chairs. Yeah? Thanks. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. I'm going to take this towel off your mouth. You're not going to say anything, okay? You're just going to answer my question. - All right? You got that? - Mm-hmm. Turn around. Nice and slow. Get down on your knees. Get on your knees. Hugh kill-a-man. You know who that is? The handsome one? That's me. The other one. Him? He's a dirty cop we did business with back in the day. Who told you he was a cop? He did. That's a lie. That's a lie, that's a lie, - that's a lie. - It's not a lie. - It's not a lie. - Don't you lie to me. Mm? A-all right. Hey. I'm lying. It's... I'm a liar. - Just give me the truth. - The truth? You want the truth. Huh? Vincent was as dirty as the day is long. Ballsy, though. Ballsy as hell. Walked right into Terry Foley's shop, said he was in bed with the Russians. Did we want to know where the next three deals were going to go down? Showed us his badge. First three were for free. And after that, for months, he'd feed us intel before he fed it back to the cops. We'd get there first. Stomp some russkies. That's it. Did you kill my brother? What? - Did you kill my brother? - Your brother? Vincent was your brother? Jarek. Evers, stay out of this. Officer, I'd like to report an intruder. Jarek, put the gun down. What are you doing? Are you nuts? Answer the question. I got a deal. Signed and sealed. I can't be prosecuted for anything I say here. Of course, given the circumstances, I doubt anything I say here could be used against me in court anyway, so... I'll answer your question. No. I didn't kill your brother. Who did? How the hell should I know? Was it the Irish? Huh? What would we do it for? We're in business together. Your brother catching bullets made things a lot harder on us. - Answer it! - What? Answer your phone, right now. Just leave the line open for a minute. Okay, the timeline will be a little off, but he called you from his hotel room. Wanted to unburden himself to you about your brother before he went away. You asked me to meet you down here. Okay? Yeah? All right, that's... that's good. That's crap. He assaulted me. You don't look too bad off to me. You're a witness. Yeah. I'm his witness. You ready? Let's get out of here. I know it's crazy right now, but... I had to see you. Look at that beautiful face. You know, some days it's about the only thing that gets me through my day. Lilly... There's no easy way to say this. We can't have any contact with each other, sweetheart. You mean for now, right? I'm not blaming you. They grabbed me at the airport. I was getting out of town like you said. I know you were. I know you were. - You think I said something to the superintendent. - No. I would never say anything to her. I don't care what she threatens me with. Hey, Lilly, you are precious to me. I got to protect you from this. Now, situations like this, feelings get all twisted. People who care about each other end up hurting each other. Listen to me. I won't let that happen with us. I won't. Wait... The best thing that you ever did for me was to trust me. Don't take that away from me. Please. Oh, girl. I'll do anything. - Karen? - Jarek. Can I come in? Are you still teaching? Subbing. Um, English, mostly. Yeah? Sometimes I do history, but not too often. You're doing okay financially, though, yeah? Yeah. Enough. Why? Karen, this house was paid off in full in 1997. So? So... Who's he? Detective Caleb Evers, ma'am. He's my partner. Are you here as Vincent's brother or as a cop? As a friend. We can trust him. Karen, where do you find $75,000 two months after Vinnie dies? I can't... You can't what? Vincent said never to tell you. Tell me what, Karen? That he was dirty? Yeah, well, I already know. He said that it would break your heart. Do you know... do you know what he was doing? No. Um, he had money. A box full of cash. He kept it here for safety. But when he died... Well... You know. His wife and Vonda would get the pension, but... As the mistress, you get nothing. Yeah, I know, I get it. I do. He always said that he would figure out a way to take care of me. I'm so sorry. I know Vincent loved you, you know. I do. Can I see it? It used to be packed to the top. I paid off the mortgage, took a little bit here and there. I've been trying to make it last, but it's been a while. This is an evidence tag. You have any idea what it's for? No. It's from Vincent's old station. The second Killian is done testifying to the grand jury, he's all yours. Is the tactical team on standby to arrest Gibbons? - Yes, ma'am. - Tactical team? What, you don't think he's going to go quietly? Oh, I think he will. But every now and again, you gotta spank 'em in public to prove a point. Gibbons has me running back and forth for these advocacy groups and I still don't know my way around. What's she doing here? Call every available sheriff now. Squad, we need cars on... Next time, go around. Oh... he's gonna kill me. Hank, check us in. I need cars 26 and... Gun! Gun! Watch her! We need an ambulance. Lock this place down, right now! Lock it down! Gibbons was the only one with enough pull to know when we were moving Killian. He put you up to this. Alderman Ronin Gibbons is a great man. And now you'll never be able to destroy him. You are a sad woman for believing what he's selling. - Now look at you. - That's right. Look at me. Take her. With Killian gone, our case against Gibbons falls apart. But we have the ledgers. Elizabeth can authenticate them, tie them to Gibbons. There's no way she's going to want to help us, not with all the years that I'm throwing at her for shooting you. Then cut her a deal. No. There's nothing more important than punishing someone who shoots a cop. I don't care if she goes free, for shooting me. I got into this to get Gibbons. What else did I get shot for? And if Elizabeth can put him away, give her anything she wants. You know there were a couple of times when I wondered if you were up to this job? Me, too. My dad is dead. So unless whatever deal you're offering brings him back, I'm not interested. We'd be willing to give you the same deal that your father agreed to. Wow, you guys must be really desperate. No. Look, I understand you're feeling a lot of rage right now. And believe me, I know how difficult it is to lose someone who's very close to you. But I think the very best thing for you to do right now is to focus all of that anger onto the person who actually deserves it. Gibbons put all of his focus onto a lovestruck aide. And he gave her the direct order to shoot and kill your father. What? One of Gibbons' people shot my father? His lover. Did you ever witness your father, or anyone, conducting any illegal activities with Alderman Ronin Gibbons? You mean, was I standing there? No. I-I just did the books. Gibbons' name is in this ledger. Can you connect him to any of your father's illegal activities? No. Not directly. But you can show us how the money works, how it got to Gibbons. Yes. She's just few degrees too far removed to make it stick. That is gonna be enough to dismantle the Irish mob in Chicago. But it might not be enough to put Gibbons away. So, what do you think all this stuff is? It's insurance. And he stored it all as evidence right in his station house. Smart. You still have a vcr? Yeah. All right, it's, uh, it's 3:25 in the morning, December 4, 1996. My name is Detective Vincent Wysocki. And I'm making this tape in the event that anything should happen to me. I've been taking payoffs from more than one criminal organization. But it didn't start out like that. I've been working undercover for the last eight months trying to bring down these Russian gunrunners. But the, uh, bureaucracy was taking too long. And I saw an opportunity to pit one criminal organization against another. And I took it. And I know that what I've done is wrong and stupid. And now all I want to do is get out. The, uh, information that I've gathered during my time engaged in criminal activities dwarfs anything that I was able to do with legitimate law enforcement. And it's my plan to use that information to escape from the situation that I found myself in. If I don't succeed, then there's a... Daddy? Vonda, kiddo, what are you doing up? I had a nightmare. Go back to sleep, huh? I'm scared. Did you say your prayers? Mm-hmm. Yeah? You want to say 'em again? Okay. Okay, let's go say 'em again. Let's go. Come on. Terry Foley. A lot of these people are already dead. And some of them aren't. - Jarek? - Yeah? Where is she? She's with the mayor. Yeah? How long she been in there? Not long. Good. Excuse me. No! It's a police emergency. - The daughter is... - Can I help you?! - Detective? - No, but I can help you. - He's one of yours? - Yes, I am. Did you fire her yet? No, she's resigning, but you, I'm gonna fire. What's your name? Detective Jarek Wysocki. Did you resign yet? - No, not yet. - Good, don't. We got Gibbons dead-bang. I got wiretaps, surveillance photos, detailed logs of him doing business with known organized crime figures. - You got all that? - Yes. Ronin Gibbons is not that sloppy. Not now he's not, but 15 years ago he was very sloppy. I mean, some of it is past statutes of limitations, but not everything. What time does the grand jury close shop? I came across some things Vincent left behind. Some information in which he made it... In which he made it clear he'd done some things he wasn't very proud of. What kind of things? He took money. What? Your brother was not that kind of cop. Ooh, I wish that wasn't true, pops, but it is. Why are you telling us this? Because, sweetie, the information your father left behind is gonna be used as evidence to indict and convict Alderman Gibbons. But if you use it in court, everybody's gonna know dad was dirty. They're gonna drag his name through the gutter after all these years? You have to stop them, Jarek. It's not them, pops, it's me. It's already done. The truth about Vince and his evidence, I've already handed it over. You needed to talk to me first. If I did that, I wouldn't have been able to do it. Get out of my house. Uncle Jarek. You did what you had to. Let me start by saying that no one wanted Teresa Colvin to succeed more than I did, but superintendent Colvin has failed in her leadership. She has failed in her mission to root out corruption in the city. On superintendent Colvin's watch, innocent life has been lost, and she has proven herself to be as ineffective and as feckless as the morally bankrupt so-called leaders that came before her. It is time for us to vote on the recommendation that Teresa Colvin be separated from the Chicago police department. Let's do the roll call. Ah, I see the superintendent has changed her mind about attending these meetings. And I assume you have a statement you'd like to make. I certainly do. Half an hour ago, a grand jury delivered an indictment listing over 30 charges against Alderman Gibbons, from bribery to conspiracy to commit murder. Stand up, please. I have this one. Come on. Alderman Ronin Gibbons, you are under arrest for bribery, conspiracy and extortion. I am innocent of every one of these charges. Is this about your ethics investigation? Of course it is. This is retaliation for the fact I've been demanding accountability and transparency in the Chicago police department and the state's attorney's office. So once again, we have a political assassination, only this time by the pen and the gavel rather than by a gun! This assassination can and will be undone! A Chicago jury will never convict me. They haven't seen my evidence yet. Be that as it may, I will fight this and I will fight you. I would expect nothing less. Your days in Chicago are numbered, Teresa. Whatever the number, it's more than yours. Oh, Chris, sweetheart, why didn't you tell us? I couldn't tell anyone. I can't believe we've got you back, son. How about Mexico? Tall drinks, sandy beaches... That sounds good. It falls... It falls on top of him. So, you've never been married? Ah, work has always kept me too busy. You? I was engaged once. It didn't pan out. So how long you been in Chicago for? Mmm. A couple of days. Convention. Different one than yours. When are you leaving? I go back to Denver tomorrow. So you're staying at the hotel? Yeah, convention runs through Sunday. And then back to good ol' Pittsburgh. Are you staying here, too? No, I'm a couple blocks away, but I've always wanted to see this place. I heard the rooms have great views. Oh, yeah. Mine looks right out over the lake. - Toilet paper, towel, washcloth, top sheet, bottom sheet. I'm fine. Thank you. Blanket. Officer, I said I'm fine. Thank you. Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 