The Chicago Code: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chicago Code 
 s1e4 - Cabrini Green - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chicago Code (2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Cabrini Green - full transcript 
 After a bomber blows up a city building, additional targets and innocent people remain in danger. Teresa handles the escalating crisis as Jarek and Caleb race against time to track down the suspect who might have ties to the Chicago Liberation Army. Meanwhile, Alderman Gibbons takes matters into his own hands when an armed teenage robber threatens him, which triggers a reflection on his own youth and upbringing when he was more of an idealist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WOMAN: Driving through the city, it's easy to see the greatness of Chicago, but there's a history behind it we've never been able to escape. Growing up, I witnessed firsthand the effects of "The Chicago Way." My dad had to pay off city inspectors for building code exemptions. Paid off precinct captains to get the trash collected on time. Paid off thugs for protection. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Until finally, there wasn't any money left. It broke my father's heart and cost my parents their marriage. It's taken more than 30 years since then but I am finally in a position of power to do something about it. Superintendent Colvin, it's my committee that has oversight of the Police Department. I'm just asking for the resources to address one of the city's biggest problems. Squandering money that we don't have on a task force with the vague mission of city corruption... There's nothing vague about it. You can draw a direct line from government corruption 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to street crime, especially drugs and robberies. ...if you find evidence of specific crimes and you have the resources to investigate those cases. So your request for additional task force funds is hereby denied. I'm sorry. I told you it was a long shot. There are some other aldermen you want me to meet while I'm here? Durning's office has some questions about you "Kids in Peril" program. Teresa? I'll try to find him. I don't understand the purpose of today's request. You weren't clear about what I was after, Alderman Gibbons? Are you clear that you wouldn't have this job without my support? The next time you have an idea like that, come talk to me privately first. Save us both the embarrassment. We're on the same team, Teresa. My advice? Focus on the morale and the productivity in your own department. That's where you can make a difference. He put me in this job because he thought I would be his puppet. So what do you do now? Cut the strings. He made me superintendent because he doesn't think I'm capable of taking him on. But how can you without a task force? Form an unofficial one. (siren wailing) Get there, Bill! Come on! Go! Go! Damn it! Man, you could have got there! (sirens wailing) He'll try to get on the J and Ryan! Beat him there. Go! MAN: You know, when my father pinned the Chicago P.D. badge on me, he told me to shake hands with the good citizens of this city using a velvet glove, but keep a razor blade hidden between you fingers for the ones who forgot their manners. He also told me the moment I ever felt safe, to remember I was just a dumb Polack, as capable as the next idiot of getting my head shot off. They're coming our way. There he is. Cut across! (siren wailing) MAN (over P.A.): Pull to the side! Pull to the side now! Pull in straight behind him! Go! (truck horn blares) Whoa! Catch back up to him! I know this guy. He won't shoot me. He'll miss you, hit me. Do it! Yo, Luis, it's me! Wysocki? What're you doing, man?! You're gonna get your head shot off! I'm in a stolen ride, man! And I'm on parole! Doesn't have to be a life sentence, amigo. Nobody's hurt yet. Just drop the gun. Thinkin' about going out in a blaze of glory, man. Those news choppers? What about your girlfriend, Luis? Maya? Yeah! She's pregnant. It's a boy. No kidding? Where is she now? At the flower shop, working. Come on, man. Let's go and see her! Don't play games on me! I wouldn't do that to you, man. I'll let you hug her, kiss her good-bye before we take you in. You want to kiss Maya good-bye, Luis? You want to feel your little man's kick? Drop the gun and follow us right there. Come on, amigo, you trust me or you don't. WOMAN: Here he is now. Alderman, this is one of your constituents, Linda Walling. I think it's important. Ms. Walling. Uh, "Linda," please. Thank you very much for seeing me. Oh, I always have time for the people. Have a seat. What can I do for you? Can we talk privately? Lilly? Please. I've voted for you every time. My parents, too. I appreciate that. I trust you, and I don't know who I can trust in the police. Why would you need the police? I'm comptroller for Fergus Construction. We're bidding for some really huge city contracts right now, and I think that I saw something that I'm not supposed to. What exactly? Some paperwork. I think the bidding's rigged. It's illegal, and it's going to cost the city millions. Now, I know that you're on the board of directors for Fergus, and I just need to know who do I tell about this? You're talking to him. (tires screech) (sirens wailing) All right, hands, Luis! Show me the hands! All right, out of the car! Turn around! Don't do anything stupid. Congrats on the kid. You got one minute with her. My God, Luis, what did you do? I'm so sorry, baby. You almost got me killed, you ass! Lose the language. You got women, children. I said you almost got me killed. You know, it's clear this partnership isn't going to work. We're just not a match. I'll let your lieutenant know to reassign you at our mutual request. After only one day? Screw you. I'm not going to warn you about the profanity again. Kids are listening. Now give me the keys to my car. I appreciate the time and effort, Bill. Best of luck to you out there. Stay safe. They really got me, chica. I'm gonna do some serious time. I know this probably ain't the right moment... ...but will you marry me, Maya? Yeah, I'll marry you. Will you wait for me to get out? Of course I will. (laughs) True love. (bystanders cheer) Wysocki? Superintendent Colvin's looking for you. Yeah? Well, let me know when she finds me. Come on, Luis. Honeymoon's over. Corrected by Addic7ed.com www.addic7ed.com Well, neighborhood did say they wanted another speed bump. TERESA: Thank you, Officer. All right, look busy. JAREK: Teresa Colvin graduated first in her class and made detective faster than anyone in memory. Get down! From there she moved into undercover work, which led to the biggest cocaine bust in Chicago's history. So they made her lieutenant, then captain, then chief of detectives. And when the mayor's first choice for superintendent suffered a massive heart attack, she went in front of the Police Commission as a real long shot, as a token candidate, but she won them over with her passion and bold ideas. Teresa Colvin was my partner, She said in ten years, she'd be the city's first female superintendent. It only took her eight. Wysocki, I've been looking for you. Welcome to my littering case. Littering case? How's this not a murder? It's a misdemeanor murder we already solved from four days ago. Esteban Fierro, gang hit in that salsa club. Don't call it a misdemeanor murder. Gangbanger killed another gangbanger? You didn't mind so much when you rolled with me. I'm not a beat copper anymore. So what is four-day-dead Esteban doing blocking traffic? Well, Superintendent, the Black Lords crew that killed him last week, it seems, broke into the funeral home, dragged the body across the street, parked it... put another dozen bullets in him. So it's really more of a parking violation than a littering beef? (chuckles) Well, put this in your parking meter: Esteban Fierro right there is Paco Fierro's cousin. And according to Luis Esperanza... Oh, the guy whose wedding you presided over yesterday? Engagement. Oh. According to Luis, who's in Central D with him, Paco's already heard about his cousins humiliation, so this is not a good day to be the superintendent. Antonio. Ma'am? Call Central Detention, tell them we're coming down to talk to Paco Fierro. Yes, ma'am. So, is this a social call or what? Got a job proposition for you. I'm not interested. I've heard about your recent reassignments. Come on. Those are lazy and incompetent cops. You're neither. No, but there's a right way to do things. This from the guy who dumps his partner every two or three days? Still holding a grudge, huh? What do you know about Fergus Construction? Big city contracts. A lot of money. Well, guess who owns Fergus, not officially, not on paper, but really? Gibbons. Alderman Ronin Gibbons. You're as sharp as ever. There's the compliment, here comes the slap. There are two fresh bodies lying in Grant Park. And you think these have something to do with Alderman Gibbons? No. No, no, no, no. Count me out. TERESA: Just take a ride. Make sure that everything is going smooth. All right, as a favor I will take a look. Great, I'll come with. Detective Caleb Evers. My lieutenant just assigned me to ride with you. Cubs or Sox? White Sox. TERESA: Nice try, Jarek. Get the car. Sure. Where is it? You're the detective. TERESA: About my offer... JAREK: You already know what people are saying about you. You add a guy like Gibbons to your list of enemies and it goes south for us, where does that leave me? And yet you're intrigued. Oh, what makes you think that? Something you once said in the patrol car. When you take the job, I'll tell ya. I'll take a look... and I will call you. (indistinct radio transmission) Yo, Wysocki! Hey, Uncle Jarek. Hey, what's up? How's your day? You're looking at the highlight. Isaac. Jarek. (horn beeps) Keep your head on a swivel, okay? Mm-hmm. (chuckles) (blues music playing over radio) Hottest actress in the hottest scene in movie history? Go. For me, Fast Times at Ridgemont High. Phoebe Cates climbing out of that swimming pool, bikini top peeling off. What's yours? You know the problem with men? If they can't eat it, drink it, snort it, smoke it or pawn it, men will destroy it. I'm locked in a car ten hours a day, I need a female partner. Okay. Stories you've heard about me are not true. Anything else? I don't appreciate profanity. Noted. The only sane answer to your question is Audrey Hepburn. Any movie she was ever in. (low, indistinct conversations) Hey, Glen, what do you got? Well, we've got a marriage that ended in ways unkind. Husband and wife joggers. Steve's a systems analyst for the city. Linda's comptroller for Fergus Construction. Well, T.B.D. Oh, yeah, "they be dead." We got zero leads. (sobbing): Oh, my God. This one is a stumper. Who's she? Dead woman's sister. We interviewed her. She doesn't know anything. What are you doing in this part of town anyway? Teresa Colvin threw me a new detail. Oh, yeah? What's that? I ride all around the city listening to the radio. I hijack any case I want from the primary. Since when is this? Hey, Ridgemont High, what time is it? 8:22. New policy commenced 8:21. Official notification... I'm taking over your case. That's ridiculous. The Prom Queen's giving you that kind of juice? Teresa Colvin isn't a prom queen. She's a superintendent. That kind of juice. Let's huddle up and let's figure out a new plan of attack, okay? We got earbuds, but no iPod. Shoot-em-up robbery in the Loop? It's possible, but I don't know. So is the Cubs winning the Series, but I'm not going to call my bookie. If you have any questions for the superintendent, put them on paper. I'll pass them on to her. (reporters shouting questions) You have your look? You're welcome. Huh? So, it doesn't smell like a stickup. What does it smell like? It's not a robbery, it's a hit. Yeah, and somebody in one of these skyscrapers thinks they've gotten away with it. Because in this town they're always getting away with it. So you're in? You know, I'm just a lowly homicide detective. I can't fix the city's plumbing, and neither can you. Just one toilet at a time, Detective. Kid, unless you want to get a bus... I'll stop by Fergus Construction on my way back to the station. Appreciate it. Doesn't mean that I'm in. Do we really got free reign to take over any investigation in the city? I do. Tomorrow you go back to the real world. Why are we walking away from our crime scene? Ever been to Fergus Construction? Superintendent? Is that like some kind of janitor? Superintendent means I am the highest ranking police officer in Chicago. Every cop in the city answers to me. Oh, yeah? How did we miss out on initiating your ass, amigo, huh? Wanted to do something important with my life. As you know, this morning members of the Black Lords removed your cousin's body from his mortuary, placed him in the street and shot his corpse numerous times. So I've come respectfully, leader to leader, to tell you my department will be enacting revenge on your behalf. How you going to do that? If you agree to remain peaceful, multiple raids will be initiated on Black Lord residences and illegal operations. You get in the middle of this fight, though... I return the favor... respectfully. I get released from here at midnight. You got till then. Guys like Paco destroyed my neighborhood. Makes threats against the city like that... You were a little soft on him, weren't you? Last time war broke out, three kids under the age of ten were killed in Austin and Humboldt Park cross fires. I am just as soft as I need to be. Get the raids started. ♪ ♪ (indistinct shouting) MAN: Chicago Police Department! WOMAN: You better run. Watch the side. I'm in. I'm in. Watch that back door, guys. Tell your Black Lord buddies this is for shooting up a dead body. Crowd control? Again with this? You see Quentin Silver over there? Is that Quentin? ISAAC: Oh, yeah, that's him. Outstanding warrant on that gas station armed robbery. We're just crowd control. Unless we see a wanted fugitive. ISAAC: Quentin, stop! You go that way! I got this one! Okay. Eastbound. South alley. (dog growling) Third house down. (dog barking) (panting) (gasps) Thanks for leaving me a taste. I say the word "institution," that's your cue to come back out here and pull that fire alarm, got it? Won't it spray ink? That's a wives' tale, your middle school principal told you to keep you and your delinquent pals in line. I'll need clearance from my bosses to allow any interviews on company time. Absolutely. We just want to determine why someone would want to kill Linda Walling. Why would anyone do this? Honestly, sir, I don't know. Would you say this is a good institution to work for? Yeah, I guess so. So it's a good institution? I got to grab something from the car. Sophie, isn't it? Yes. Sophie, how long would it take you to get clearance from your bosses? (elevator bell dings) (alarm wailing) Crap! (alarm wailing) All right, evacuate everyone safely. SOPHIE: Okay, everybody, meet on the east side of the building. Go. Do not take your belongings. Just leave them on your desk. JAREK: When you get outside, call me. Okay. (indistinct radio transmission) Firemen... America's heroes. Just ask 'em. It won't come off. Great. (chuckles) (phone dialing) (phone ringing) Detective Wysocki. Yeah, it's me. Why did you want me to call you? I just wanted to give you a chance to talk to me without your coworkers listening. 'Cause you do know something useful, right? Linda was crunching numbers on the big Lakeshore project. Sealed bids are due to city hall next week. It's us and two other companies. Linda said someone at the top knew what the other two secret bids were. Were bribes involved? That's right. She told me she might blow the whistle to someone at city hall. You did the right thing. I appreciate it. Now say, "I love you, too, honey," and hang up. Love you, too, honey. He loves me. A dozen citizen complaints in the last two years? A citation for misplacing your firearm? I eventually located my weapon. It turned out to be under the seat in my vehicle. You've really built up quite the resume, Sergeant Worthen. You don't judge a guy just by numbers. (phone ringing) I've been a good cop a long time. Superintendent Colvin's office. According to union regulations, you don't have any cause to dismiss Sergeant Worthen. So if you're here to give him a written reprimand, then just give it. You misunderstand. I'm here to promote Sergeant Worthen to commander of mops and brooms. Pardon? We have a supply closet downtown and recently some mops have gone missing. In your new position, you will report to that supply closet to insure that no further cleaning equipment is stolen. You're pulling me off the street? Well, as your union rep points out, I can't fire you, so... I've got 15 years on you... This isn't police policy. It is now. You're only coming after me? You and a hundred other oxygen thieves who make the rest of my 10,000 great cops look bad. You think you got questionable rank and file support now, lady? Wait till I spread the word about this crap. I am already starting to spread the word myself. After all, it isn't a deterrent unless other officers hear it. You smug little bitch! This is my life! Tom... Sir, please sit down. But it's my city now, and I can't take on the rest of it if I can't keep my own backyard clean. You think you can change how things get done in Chicago?! You've had this job, what, six months? No way you'll last six more! Let it go. Let it go, Tom. You hear me?! Tom. Someone will get you first! Come here. I hope it's me! Congratulations. His last three partners didn't make it past lunch. We haven't stopped for lunch yet. Just keeping my head down, ma'am. Look, Alderman Gibbons called me personally. He wants an update. Our canvass turned up a bona fide suspect. A meth head... gun convictions, seen in the area just prior to the shootings. Good. I want you to take the lead with Gibbons. Just keep it vague. Oh, so it's my ass on the line. Wysocki, I'm right here with you. You know what? Can we have a word? You know, I like to fight the good fight as much as the next guy, but I'm not ready to start walking in there and start throwing haymakers at a heavyweight like Gibbons. What if I told you that Gibbons was working with the Irish mob? I've heard the rumors. I've yet to see any of the proof. Well, how's this for ammo... I've got a cop working undercover in their organization. Undercover? How long? Almost a year. He's working his way up the ladder. And pretty soon he's going to give us the connection to Gibbons. What would you say to that? The fight just go fairer. That's right. Remember, don't give Gibbons anything. We're just going to get in and get out. Oh, no, Spicoli, not you. You the driver? Yeah. Me, too, evidently. Caleb. Antonio. It's nice to meet you. GIBBONS: You wonder why the same guys get get elected over and over again. It's because someone got the Fitzgerald family the zoning variance they needed. It's because someone got the Williams boys drag racing citation knocked down to a simple speeding ticket. Someone did that for them. And that someone was me. (knocking on door) Come in. They say Chicago is the city that works. Superintendent Colvin. What some people never understand is, it works in a lot of different ways. Teresa, I didn't think I'd see you again so soon. Me, either. I'm sorry about yesterday. This is Detective Wysocki. Pleasure. Can I get either of you a drink? No. Thank you. Lilly, just a scotch for me, please. Is it too early for scotch? Not by my watch. Have a seat. Thank you. GIBBONS: So this murdered couple that happened this morning... Steve and Linda Walling, sir. That kind of butchery in my ward... unacceptable. Well, hopefully, we can eliminate this sort of crime in the entire city. I'm an optimistic man, Teresa, but... I'm encumbered by living in the real world. Austin, Humboldt Park... we whack the moles where we can, but my part of town? We will catch these bastards and we will nail them to the wall. So... what do you know so far? Our canvass landed a real good looking suspect, sir. A suspicious man, Wendell Holmes, was seen in the area just prior to the shootings. Two separate witnesses identified him from his mug shot. You see from the sheet he's no stranger to violence. So this is a meth-head stickup gone bad? Probably. That's what we were thinking. JAREK: We're also looking into the wife's place of employment, Fergus Construction. She was involved in some big city stuff, so we're just gonna cover our bases there. Well, keep me apprised of what you learn. Absolutely. Till then, anything you need, any resources, and I mean anything. All right? Thanks for stopping by. Thank you. What was that? You just give him the damn name of our suspect? What are you afraid of? Look, if a black alderman really is hooked up with the Irish mob, this ought to put him into play. You don't like the way I do things, why ask for my help? Please tell me we know more than what you just told Gibbons. The dead woman was getting ready to whistle-blow on her bosses at Fergus Construction. Cooking the books, underbidding, bribes to downtown. And you can tie this directly to Gibbons? No. I am trying to get two gangs to lay down their guns before midnight. I'm taking on the police union and a hundred pissed-off, recently demoted, armed cops. Do not force me into hand-to-hand combat with the second most powerful man in Chicago after the mayor until you know something. Way more powerful than the mayor. And if you want to take on corruption, this is how it's done. Besides, now that Gibbons and his machine know we're sniffing around, the next move isn't mine or yours, it's his. You don't know your own name, huh? What's your name? JAREK: Everything good here? Hey, Detective. Vonda. Get your ass on the fence. Need a favor. Sure. Got a suspect in a double hummer... Wendell Holmes. We're gonna sit on the apartment, but I pulled his contact cards. He's got three felonious friends stumbling around the city. See if you can get one of them dirty. Love to. Let me see that. VONDA: Uncle Jarek's the one who woke me up that night and told me my father had been killed. He hugged me and told me I was his responsibility now. He taught me how to knock down the 7-10 split. And when I told him I wanted to enroll in the academy, not only did he not stop me, I know he pulled strings to get me in early. ISAAC: She handled herself really good. (chuckles) You went chasing after this guy out of position. Yeah, a wanted felon. What would you have done? I got to tell you what happens to you if something happens to her? We'll be just fine. I'm gonna talk to my niece alone. Get over there. You sleeping with him? No. I'm not stupid. I swear on Dad's grave. Isaac's too cocky. He's gonna drown one day, and he's gonna pull someone down with him. I'm being careful. Oh, I can see that. Trust me, partners is complicated enough. I need one of Wendell's friends dirty. (blues playing over radio) Top ten album covers of all time. I'll start. Nirvana's ***. Nevermind. Go. (phone ringing, music stops) Yeah? It's me. You're on speaker. Who else is there? Caleb Evers, ma'am. Hi, Caleb. I'm the ex-wife. I'm the soon-to-be ex-partner. Has he told you about his fiancée yet? JAREK: Dina, stop being such a redhead. 27 years old. Don't you think that's a little young for Jarek, Caleb? That seems a little young. What can I do for you, Dina? Josh left his physics project at your house. Can you bring it by around 9:00? That's him. Sure. Okay, I got to go. Look, here he is. Let's move. (officer's shouting) Get down! Get down, get down! On the ground! Wendell Holmes! On the ground face down! I'm not resisting! Face down! Let me see the hands. Keep the hands up. Hands! Okay, let's get him cuffed up. CALEB: Works better when you don't leave the earbuds on the dead guy. Got him. Wendell Holmes, you're under arrest. All right, clear. Clear. It never ceases to amaze me how well crime pays. Should I get the evidence tech out here? No. I'm expecting visitors. Always with the big TVs, these guys. Hey, find the remote; we'll see if the game's on. Game doesn't start till 1:20. You mean the Cubs game, right? 'Cause the Sox don't play today. I grew up on the North Side. I knew it, I knew it. I got to meet Ernie Banks as a kid. You're a dirty, filthy, lying Cubs fan. I could smell it on you! We had Sandberg... You thought you could weasel your way into my good graces by pretending to be a White Sox fan. ...Maddux, Grace, and Dawson. What was I supposed to do? (knocking on door) MAN: Wendell? Open up. (knocking on door) Hi, boys. Easy. What are you doing here? We're just looking for Wendell. Yeah, well, come in. Get in here. Let me see your hands. Spread 'em. Put them up! Spread 'em. Hey, easy, easy. Whoa, whoa! Want to buy me dinner first? How you know Wendell? We're just friends. Who sent you to find Wendell, William Gainey? Screw this. I'm out. Huh? (groaning) I'll get the loudmouth. You get him. Come on, big mouth. Up against the wall. Spread 'em. Put your hands up against the wall. You got a big mouth, kid. Huh? CALEB: You can't remember? Well, Liam, it's a pleasure. Who sent you to find Wendell? Your mother, just after I got done three-waying her and your sister. Yeah? (groaning) How's your three-way now, kid? Huh? You want some more? All right, all right. That's all right. Get the hell out of here. I'm not done with him. We can bring them in anytime, we got their names, but if we bring them in right now, I'm gonna have to write up all this. Fine, fine. Fact this Irish punk's here at all tells me everything I need to know. Get out of here, go on. Go. What about my license? Oh, mail away for a replacement. Want some more water? (over intercom): I think you know what I want. Sorry, man. Water we got, crank we don't. I need to go to the bathroom. Oh, yeah, five glasses deep; I bet you do. Why don't you tell us what you know about the double murder first. Why don't you tell me what you know first. Away from the cameras, I got to tell you, this isn't just a layup, you're getting posterized here. You're wasting your time, man. Fine. Sorry. Didn't know you had your guy in here. No problem. Be a minute. That was your friend Yancy, right? Your pal that you bragged about the shootings to, the guy that you asked to hide the murder weapon? Yeah, our officers just picked him up an hour ago. Bunch of stolen merchandise in the back of his car. He coughed it all up. So you want to know what I know, Wendell? We got you dead on the murders. And even if you get off, some Irish mug's gonna come knocking on your door, and he's gonna want to put you in the ground. So it's just you and me alone. Now, you gonna show me some respect? I didn't want to do it. Of course you didn't. The guy paid me five grand to take them out. Told me the wife was the important one. "Make it look like a ripoff," he said. Guy got a name? Never gave it. So you could I.D. him for us? Put him in front of me, yeah. Good. Wash your hands. We got the shooter, but not the moneyman. So, where to now? I don't know about you, but I'm going home to make love to my fiancée. I'll be back in about an hour. For real? Do you know how to keep a gorgeous 27-year-old happy? (engine starting) No. I figured as much. You should've warned me to wear a cup. Doesn't play as well, you know what's coming. Teresa Colvin was the only person that was supposed to know I was under, okay? The more that know, the more danger I'm in. You get that? You got any pals on that wall? Go on, take a look. Take a look. A guy I graduated with got killed as a rookie. Yeah, "a guy I graduated with got killed as a rookie." Someone you barely knew. My brother is on that wall. Where? I don't know. I never look. Did you and your pal show up at Wendell's to do him some harm? We were gonna warn him to skip town. And what would you have done if Wendell was there instead of us and your friend decided to call an audible and cap the guy? Hey, what would you have done then? From now on, you report to me once a week. I'm gonna talk with Superintendent Colvin about that. No, I'm gonna talk with Superintendent Colvin, and you are going to talk to me. Starting with what is going on. Everyone's in lockdown mode. Bosses want every Irish wiseguy at Fergus Construction tonight. I need the guy that hired the shooter. I heard Will whisper a name. Don't know what it means though. Name's Jasper. That's better than nothing. You also need to get closer to Alderman Gibbons. Why would Gibbons be getting cozy with the Irish mob? Because he's a smart guy, and he knows it takes a lot of friends to run this city. I've been under for almost a year. I've never met the man. After today, you will, and soon. Are we good? You tell me. How many of these guys did you know? Take care of yourself, Liam. I don't want to know any more. A beautiful woman eating all alone? How you scaring them off? You think it's the gun? No. You hear whispers when were riding together, that they... they might have... (whistles) No way. He was married then. And she wouldn't do that. You never know. Well, you ride with someone 12 hours a day, you know. We have five hours till Paco's midnight deadline. You have any plans how to stop the fireworks? You get a message to the Black Lords. You tell them if they don't hand over the grave robbers by 11:00, you're going to start hitting the homes of the girlfriends and moms. Only thing these degenerates appreciate sometimes is the warmth of a woman and... BOTH: A home cooked meal. How's that any different than... Me? I suppose it's not. In the meantime, Alderman Gibbons is calling me every half hour. Course he is. He wants an update. He's scrambling to cover his tracks. We have anything might scare him? Liam gave me the name of a guy who maybe paid for the hit... Jasper. We use it, might expose Liam's cover. Not if I tell him the shooter gave it to me, himself. When we rode together, you know what you said to me once, made me know you would do this now? No. You said your father hated politicians like Gibbons. (chuckles) He also told me, you poke a bear, you better have a shotgun pointed at his face. (door opening) TERESA: We have the shooter in custody. Thank God. So, what was this, a random drug crime? No, it was a murder for hire. The wife was the primary target. How do we know that? Shooter confessed. Said he was hired by a man named Jasper. What was the motive? We believe Linda Walling was targeted because of the work she was doing at Fergus Construction. We should have warrants by tomorrow morning to search Fergus for more information. Yeah, I'm sure that won't be necessary. Is there reason why you don't want us to search Fergus? No, it won't be necessary to get a warrant. I know Fergus' owner. He's a friend of mine. If it'll help, I'll get you full access right now. Lilly. Get me Owen McDonnell on the phone, would you? All right, anything with the name Linda Walling or any paperwork related to the Lakeshore construction bid. If there was anything incriminating to Gibbons or his pals, do you think we'd be standing here? Nope. This is the dead woman's desk. First beat coppers on the scene caught these two trying to duck out the back. Recognize 'em? Yeah, we had an encounter with them this afternoon at the shooter's apartment. The one with the long hair... Liam... something about him. What? He seems like a regular knucklehead to me. Yeah, he talks that game. He looks it, even, but he's smarter than he lets on. You get that from chatting the guy up for two minutes, do you? It's the way he scans the place. I can see the gears moving inside his head. That's not the brain of some lowlife muscle. I say we bring him in, figure out what his game really is. I say you take him, question him, and get back to me. Okay. GIBBONS: Superintendent Colvin. This is the owner of Fergus Construction, Mr. Owen McDonnell. Mr. McDonnell. Why do you have so many people here tonight? We're in the process of moving a lot of our records and documents to a place in the suburbs. We wanted to do the work after hours. Tell her about the guy. We have a vendor named Jasper Franklin. He sells us piping. He's been in town past few days, but he's on his way back to Boston tonight. His flight leaves out of O'Hare in 15 minutes. It's too late to go through the channels to stop the flight. So you believe this Jasper Franklin may harbor terrorist intent? What? Call the airport, tell them a potential terrorist's about to take off. Come on, Jasper, let's cut the games and clear this up! Just cut the games, all right?! Why did you want Linda Walling dead? I didn't even know the lady. Then why are you sweating like we just entered you in a spelling bee? Because you're starting to realize the shooter I.D.'d you as the man who paid him five grand to do the deed? We got witnesses. Let's clear this up. Jasper, we know the story. We just want to hear it from you. I've got nothing to say. It's not a whodunit, it's a "you did it." All right, pal? Let's wrap this up, all right? I haven't got all night here. Make this easy on yourself, man. Gibbons wanted her gone. Gibbons ordered the hit on Linda Walling? He gave you the order directly? Well, no. I was talking to Owen McDonnell. - And McDonnell gave the order on behalf of Gibbons? - Yes. No. Not exactly. Oh, so which is it? He made this point to tell me how this woman was becoming a real pain in the ass for Gibbons, for the company. Gibbons wanted her dead? He didn't have to say that, you understand? So, what, nobody ordered the hit on Linda Walling? She was a pain in the ass to Gibbons. That's all he had to say. You need to know these people. (sighs) Sometimes you poke the bear, sometimes the bear stomps on your picnic. We got the shooter and the moneyman. We didn't get Gibbons. You know, what I didn't tell you was 20 years ago, my old man went after Gibbons. If he couldn't get him, no one can. Now, I gave you a day. That's it? That's it. We're putting together a good team. Your boy sniffed something up with Liam. Your boy Liam's getting sloppy. Or your partner has better instincts than you think. Too bad he's a Cubs fan. (Antonio clears throat) Black Lords are ready to deal. All right. Wish us luck. All right. Car's clean. Where to? Look, Wrigley Field, this partnership isn't working. We're not a match. I'll let your lieutenant know to reassign you at our mutual request. Yeah, I understand. I wish you luck, though. You stay safe. Hey, I appreciate having the chance to ride with you. (tires screeching) Face to face was supposed to be with the main lady, man, not some Mexican busboy. Superintendent Colvin doesn't grant face to faces with gangs who break truces and drag corpses into the street to kill 'em all over again, but if you want these raids and arrests to stop, want your baby mamas to get some peace and quiet... then I'm here to negotiate terms respectfully. We good? Yeah, we're good. Hey, thanks for trusting me with that, too. You've earned it. Let's go home. (engine starts) (music playing) Dina. DINA: In Josh's room. ♪ ♪ Here's his school stuff. Is he here? No. (Dina moans) Break up with that tramp already. She's not a tramp, she's my fiancée. When are you going to tell her? Now is not a good time; her mother's real sick. (sighs) (both moan) (music playing) Mom. ♪ ♪ Would it kill you to make your bed? I already have a job. Forgot my phone. Your father brought your homework. See you. ♪ ♪ (snickering) (chuckles) ANTONIO: When Teresa Colvin found me, I was 12 years old and acting as a lookout for a couple local dealers. Whoop, whoop! She was starting a charter program that pulled me and some other kids off the street, and she got on me about my grades. She talked me into joining the P.D., and when I quit 'cause I thought it was too hard, she found me and dragged my lazy ass back to the academy. Good night, ma'am. (gunshot) So when the time came to... (gunshot, Teresa groaning) (tires screeching) (over radio): Memorial Hospital is on complete bypass. All patients are being rerouted to Illinois Masonic Hospital. All units... traffic shut down at the... ...flooded with 911 calls about gunshots... LILLY: Your guests, Alderman. It's a pleasure to get to meet you, Mr. Gibbons. Everybody around here says that you are the man. Will tells me you can be of some use to us with constituency services. I'm up for anything. Officers arrived on the scene to find their own superintendent, Teresa Colvin, lying shot and injured in the street. Big news, huh? Well, look, thank you for stopping by. Will will let you know when we have a need for you. Lilly, where's my drink? ...violence related to gangs in the city, and the superintendent has been under a lot of pressure to try to crack down on the murders and shootings and other gang-related activities. Shut the door. MALE REPORTER: Before this, Superintendent Colvin had already earned quite a reputation. Right, Kelly? KELLY: Indeed. In just six months on the job, she was getting a reputation as something of a combatant... Anything else? Kiss my ear. ...even within her own department where she was waging a war of sorts, trying to remove what she called "unexceptional cops" from the street. And, you know, she was not the mayor's first choice for... Something like that? Don't stop. It's working. (indistinct radio transmission) This is where they brought my father. It's where I said good-bye to him. (sniffles) Vonda. Don't be scared. I'm not gonna let anything ever happen to you. I'm not scared of something happening to me, Isaac. (sobbing): I'm terrified that something's going to happen to you. GIBBONS: I can tell you confidently, unequivocally, and definitively, the city council will provide whatever resources necessary to hunt down the animal who did this. I make that promise publicly. I have no hesitation... ♪ ♪ How is she? One bullet hit her vest... cracked rib, that's all. She'll be fine. Antonio? He's dead, didn't have a chance. I want the absolute truth. That gut feeling you had on Gibbons' guy Liam... was that a lucky guess or can you bring that kind of thinking on a daily basis? I'm really good. All right, Liam's undercover for us. You're the third person besides Liam himself to know that fact. You and I are gonna ride the city, we're gonna pick the cases that really matter, starting with whoever did this. I'll get the car. Now, where is she? Around there. Since when does a superintendent wear a vest off the clock? (sighs) When I reassigned one of the cops, he got angry, made some threats... nothing I haven't heard before. Antonio made me put on his vest. He wouldn't start the car until I did. Let's do this. JAREK: If you can't love Chicago , you can't love anything. This city survived the Great Fire and ended up building the world's most beautiful skyline. 'Cause if there's one thing Chicago knows, it's how to punch back. Corrected by Addic7ed.com www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 