The Chicago Code: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chicago Code 
 s1e5 - O'Leary's Cow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chicago Code (2011): Season 1, Episode 5 - O'Leary's Cow - full transcript 
 After a teenage boy is brutally murdered while spreading the word of his church in Chinatown, Detectives Wysocki and Evers enlist Superintendent Colvin to gain the cooperation of locals. When the unofficial mayor of Chinatown is uncooperative, Alderman Gibbons is called upon to broker a deal that accelerates the investigation. Meanwhile, Teresa's brother-in-law rolls the dice with a shady business deal, and Liam goes even deeper undercover. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Let's go, guys, let's go. Two down, two down. Get that! Get that! Some cops off duty, they turn into weekend warriors. In Chicago it's 16 inch softball, with no gloves. Come on, come on. Aw, damn! It means a few mangled fingers, but it does help ease the stress. The result is they'll do anything on their day off to forget they're coppers, even if it's just for an hour. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Some like the money and need the action, so they take security gigs on the side. Of course, an undercover guy never gets a second off. One slip-up could mean his life. Me first, Aunt Teresa. And then there are those rare mornings when you actually wash the job off and spend some time with the family, like a real human being. Two? Are you sure? Well, the stink doesn't always wash off so easy. Go, go, go, go. Yeah, baby! Yeah! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think I broke it. Well, remember next time, it hurts the same whether you make the play or boot it. The thing took a hop on me. It was a regular Easter bunny coming right at you. I like 12 inch and gloves. You know what, Ron Santo, I bet you do. Look, did you, uh, did you bring your suit and vest in the car? Yeah. Good, 'cause we're going to take a quick shower in the station then roll to a murder I just got texted on. It's our day off. It was our day off. I should get this finger checked out. Tape it up. Learn to play with pain. This isn't Evanston, kid. We're used to finding dead bodies, not having dead bodies find us. The kid just stumbled in and collapsed. - Our day starts when theirs ends. - We've had a busy morning so anything that you could do to speed it up would be great. We'll do our best. I get thirsty, need a drink, I'll give you a shout. - You looking for this? - Detective. Okay, what do we got? I don't know. Banger caught on the wrong side of the tracks maybe. Where's the crime scene? Up the block in the alley. Name's Oakland Green, according to his library card. We're more likely to see a panda bear walking down the street then see one of these hustlers in a library. This kid's no hustler. He's not dressed like one. I'm sorry to do this to you, Cardio, but I'm shanghaiing your case. I thought the Super letting you grab any case was just a rumor. Oh, no, it's gospel. So start spreading it. You want to be the dicks on record, no problem. Most Chinatown murders never get solved, but I don't have to tell you that, do I, Wysocki? Black kid with his hand chopped off... in this neighborhood, he's stealing something. The question is from who? Buckle up. Huh? The last time your partner was in this part of town on a case, he didn't leave happy. What do you see? Best guess... kid's ripped off his bike here, dragged over there. They beat him and then hacked off his hand. There it is. They? Yeah, it would have taken more than one to hold him down, do that kind of damage. You got your thinking cap on today. So he's, uh, he's about to pass out from the pain. He... he almost bleeds out, then manages to stagger to the firehouse where it's game over. Kid. We might have got the whole thing on tape. My son's dead? Come on. Oh, Lord, no! I need to see him... No, no, I don't think that's a good idea. Okay, ma'am, I'm sorry to ask, but what was your son doing in the neighborhood? My son was spreading the Word, for our church. My boy! We're very sorry, ma'am. Okay, you got this? All right, so it looks like our victim wasn't a thief. Nope. He was on a mission from God. ♪ Who's gonna hear you cry? ♪ ♪ When there's more of them than there are of you ♪ ♪ Who's gonna hear you cry? ♪ ♪ When the hard winds come and it takes your breath? ♪ ♪ Who's gonna hear your voice ♪ ♪ When the walls of steel keep closing in ♪ ♪ And the sun is gone in the dead of night in this town ♪ ♪ Who's gonna hear you cry? ♪ Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com. How can they be closed? I'll see if I can get the owner down here and get the surveillance tapes. It's a waste of time. He's not going to come out until he gets the okay from the mayor. The mayor of Chicago? No, the unofficial mayor of Chinatown... Chairman Lau. He owns half the businesses down here. You've dealt with him? Once, yeah. On that case you didn't solve before? Let's just stick with this case, okay? Aunt Teresa, when are you taking us to Shedds Aquarium? Yeah. Well, first of all, it's called Shedd Aquarium. And if your parents can spare you next weekend, I might be able to get three VIP tickets. Hmm, I don't know. What do you think, Robert, can we spare them? I don't know. Please. All right, maybe for a few hours. Yes. Now what do we say to Aunt Teresa for watching us overnight? Thanks, Aunt T. You're welcome, guys. Hey, give me some sugar. Kiss. Love you. Bye, honey. Upstairs. Brush those teeth. Hey, can I run something by you real quick? Sure. I know this guy, he runs a parking lot about a mile away from the airport. Well, his main competitor is laundering money through his lot. Well, it wouldn't be the first time. Parking is a mostly cash business. Right. So what do you think? Well, if your friend is right, we might be very interested. Okay. So would you mind taking a look at it for me? I mean, for him? Get me some information. I'll see what I can do. That sounds great. Thank you so much. Sure. It's a big favor, big favor. No problem. Dispatch, this is car three. Please notify Detective Wysocki we are en route to his location now. I call you down to places, you don't call me down. If you don't come down, I'm probably going to strangle the guy. Detective, isn't it your job to make sure your partner doesn't go around strangling the citizens of Chicago? Yes, ma'am. Well, in this case, it's probably understandable. He is a legendary pain in the ass. No superintendent's ever penetrated Chinatown. So I thought you might like to be the first. What's in it for you? I need some cooperation on a teenage kid that was murdered this morning. Trust me, it's a good cause. Okay. Take a deep breath, remain calm. Suck some air Wysocki. I'm fine. Superintendent Colvin. It's a pleasure to finally meet you. Nice to meet you. My associate, Matthew Chow. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. And you are? Detective Wysocki. We actually met a few years back. I worked a murder case down here. I'm sorry, I don't recall. Really, you don't? I hope you solved the case. It was a young mother and her son. We know who the killer is, but he fled the country before we could bring him to justice. It's not ringing any bells? I know that you're squeezing us in, so I'm just going to get right to it. What can I assist you with? Well, as the new superintendent of police, it's very important that I strengthen the relationship between the police and Chinatown. Traditionally our community looks to ourselves whether it comes to banking, shopping or even law enforcement. Police work is the responsibility of the city, not individual communities. The city ignored our needs for decades. Well, we can agree to disagree on why Chinatown's self-reliance began. But going forward, my department is going to be devoting more resources and attention to Chinatown. And we'll be expecting more support from you and your community. Let me know how I can help. A black teenager was found murdered this morning, just a few blocks from here. - That's awful. - A security camera has some footage, a bakery on the corner of Cermak and Wentworth, we'd like to get our hands on. Might identify the possible offenders. I'll talk to the owners personally. Give me a couple hours, and I'll phone you with what I learn. Thank you. Just sign right here, and I'll cover every door and window with plywood to protect all your remaining valuables from looters. Trust me. Hey. How'd you beat us here again? It's what you want to do. If you'll excuse the man, he's trying to close a deal here. Ma'am, I don't know what he told you, but this man's about to cheat you right now. What's going on? Where do I know you from? Nowhere. You sure? Yeah. You want to eat this clipboard? Huh? - Hey, hey, hey. Watch yourself. - Girls, girls, girls! I'll do it for half price. I'll do it for free, and I'll even give you ten percent off the remodel. You're out of line, gordo. Hey! You're out of line. What the hell do you think you're doing? Calm down. I'm a cop. All I need you to do is sign right here. I'll check in with Cardarelli on the canvass. Until Lau tells the neighborhood to cough it up, your canvass ain't going to turn up jack. Yo, Wysocki. Hey. Isaac has something he wants to run by you. All right, what's... Catch you in a second. All right. Yeah, I saw one of those Irish mob guys this morning working my side gig. Which one? Will Gainey. He's one of the meatheads we swept up during zero tolerance. Pulled his sheet. It's long. You recognize anyone else? No, just the usual Irish board-up crew, but here's the thing. They've been showing up way too quick lately to some of these fires. So you think they're torching these places to drum up some business? Where there's smoke... All right, I'll look into it. "Thanks for the lead, Isaac. That's great police work there." "No problem, Jarek. We're all on the same team, right?" Hey, you'll win him over someday. Yeah, I don't think God invented that day. Hey. What's with the face-to-face? Hey, what's with me getting more intel from a beat copper than you? What are you talking about? Your friend, Will. Okay? I hear he's running around with a crew, torching houses. Now, you're tight with him, so why haven't I heard about it? I know he works the board-ups sometimes. I don't know anything about any arsons. Yeah, right there. That's the problem. You don't know. What is your job? Come on, what is... what is... what is your job? Tell me. Get cozy with the Irish mob, try and connect their illegal activities to Alderman Gibbons or other downtown politicians and not die in the process. Yeah, and apart from drinking beer and playing darts, what have you done to further that goal today? If I push too hard or ask too many questions, they might figure me out. Yeah, but you're thinking like a cop. You got to start thinking like a criminal. All right, if you want to be a wiseguy and your crew's running around pulling jobs without you, what are you going to do? I'd try and get in on the action. Then, go get in on it. "Unreliable and misleading when only an estimated 16% are ever reported, but whether..." Hi. Knock, knock. Robert. Hey. Is everything okay? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know I just thought I'd stop by, see how everything with that parking lot was going. Well, I intend to get to it. Well, his competitor... they just came out with a coupon this week. It undercuts him by 50%. Now, if everything keeps going like this, he'll be out of business before you even get a change to look at the other guy. You realize you asked me just this morning to look into it? Well, you realize that this is really important to me. Look, Robert, if one of your friends is having business problems, I can't just go after his competitors. That's not how it works. All I'm asking is for a police officer to look at something illegal. How can that be wrong so wrong, you know? Mr. Lau's ready to meet you. Sorry. I have to get to that. Fine. You know what? Forget it. No, Robert, please. I will... I will... I don't need your help... really. I'll figure it out myself. Deeper breath this time. Thank you for helping us so quickly. Please. I talked to the owner of the bakery. This is the footage from the camera. Now, unfortunately, the recording is just white fuzz. The machine seems to have malfunctioned. Yeah, yeah. Happens a lot in this part of town, huh? Strange electromagnetic Jarek... in Chinatown that erases security tapes. Jarek. No, what? I mean, come on. You're gonna waste our time, why drag us all the way down here? It's important to maintain good relations with the police, so I wanted to deliver the message personally. Well, I do appreciate... Give that to me. I'm going to deliver a message personally to you. This is the last time that you waste my time. Detective, I assure you, I'm here to help. Then, give me the names of the killers. I don't know who they are. You're a liar. What the detective is trying to say... No, what the detective is saying is you're a liar or you don't want to know. Three years ago, a mother and her son were shot in cold blood and you helped the killer, Tal Wan, escape. Those two victims were innocent. That kid today is innocent. Just do me a favor, man... get in my way again. Just make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Yes, ma'am. Chicago is one of the most diverse cities in the world, but also, unfortunately, one of the most segregated. My ward's an exception. Black, white, Hispanic, Arab, Asian. It's all good. Only box I ask you to check is the one that says registered voter. I didn't know you were a scotch girl. Just one of many vices I've inherited from my father. Well, God bless a woman with a few good vices. What can I do for you? Well, as you know, it's always been a nearly impossible task to police Chinatown. Well, they have their own rules, Teresa. It works for them. I just thought, since part of Chinatown falls in your ward, wanted to see if you would speak with Mr. Lau, encourage him to help us with a current investigation. Oh, I don't... see how that's my place. I understand you receive strong support from your Chinese-American constituents. Because I understand their culture and respect it. And yet they represent only ten percent of your ward. That's right. But African-Americans comprise 40% of your ward. What are you driving at? A young black boy was murdered in Chinatown, his body mutilated. The community is not cooperating with the investigation. I'm going down to the Baptist church tonight. There's, what... I don't know... 500 people in the congregation? I'm going to go down there and talk to them about where we are in the process. Can I tell them all their civil servants are doing everything they possibly can to help solve this crime? Teresa, all you had to do was ask nicely. Where is he? Is he in the back? Right there. All right. Thank you. Daniel. Hey. Look, I'm sorry to bother you at work, but, uh, we had an innocent kid killed today in Chinatown. Oh. I see. I guess you would have called right away if you had any news about... We would have, of course, but I don't. I'm sorry. How old was the boy who was killed? He was a little older than your boy was. I'm sorry to hear about it. Look, Dan, I'm... hitting the same road blocks I hit on your case. I-I really shouldn't even be talking to you. Un, Daniel, anything will help. Please. Please, I can't help you. Daniel, the kid was handing out Christian pamphlets. They cut his hand off. Which suggests someone thought he was a thief. Was there any break-ins or robberies in the neighborhood? Anything that wouldn't have been reported to the police? You... you should just go. Daniel, come on. This kid's mother is grieving right now the same way you were when we first met. I'm just asking you to help me give the woman some peace. Come on, Dan. Some black kids were mugging older Chinese women on their way back from the casinos. But Mr. Lau promised everyone that it would stop. When was the last robbery? Couple of nights ago. They beat her, put her in the hospital. You did the right thing, Daniel. Okay? Thank you. Thank you... for everything you did for me, you know. Trying to catch the killer of my wife and son. It isn't over yet, okay? We've had a long-term understanding. It's been fruitful for the both of us. Yes, we have. So I see no reason to change things now. Except that this time an innocent boy was brutally murdered while spreading the word about his church. I find that very difficult to overlook, no matter whose customs I'm trying to respect. Of course, but you unders... But nothing. Now, you understand, here's how it's going to be. We capture the thieves who've been preying on your neighborhood, and in exchange, you give us the name of the person or the people who killed the boy. If I can learn their identities. Please don't insult me, Mr. Lau. Do we have a deal or not? Yes, of course, Alderman Gibbons. You can always count on me. You can count on me. Thank you. It's in your court now. Detective. Hey. Hey. Do not tell me you lost another partner. Oh, what can I say? I just can't get one to stick. Here's the latest candidate. Natalie, this is Caleb. Caleb, Natalie. Hi. Caleb Evers. Nice to meet you. So what part of town you from? North Side. Yeah? Prove it. Oven Grinder or Best Pizza on Earth? Oven Grinder is the best pizza on the North Side. No contest. Ah. Cubs fan? Born and raised. Happy to die miserable. So what's up, gents? We're looking for an older Chinese lady. Was one brought in in the last couple of days? Beat up pretty bad. Yeah. Mrs. Kwan. Follow me. Mrs. Kwan? Detectives, what brings you here? I just want to talk to Mrs. Kwan. I want to find out which casino she was followed from the night you were robbed and assaulted. I think you're mistaken. She fell at her home. No one did this to her. And why are you here? Mr. Lau just takes a special interest in all members of the community. I'm just here to make sure that she's properly attended to. Chow, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think she just needs to have a rest. Of course she does. You keep patients' possessions somewhere safe, right? You're naughty, aren't you? Thank you. Lau's having her babysat for a reason. What's he trying to cover up? That his old-world justice system doesn't work. That he killed a choirboy instead of a thief. Hey, Nat. Anything? Went through Mrs. Kwan's things. Yeah? A fireable offense and possibly illegal. Uh-huh. Don't worry. Cops around here aren't too sharp. Found this. Ticket to a casino shuttle bus, dated two nights ago. A block from where the kid was whacked. Nat, does anyone ever tell you you are the greatest? Only once this week, and the guy was loose from the psych ward. Yeah, well, that makes two of us that are crazy for you. Thank you, okay? I'll see you later. You're welcome. Yep. See you. Hey. Hey, uh, when this case is over, maybe I could take you to Oven Grinder, grab some pizza. Uh... the hospital keeps me pretty busy. And then there's my mom and dad. I take care of them. Well, we'll bring them a slice. I got to get back to work. But I will see you around, I'm sure. Okay. Look forward to that. Yeah. Oh, Cubby boy struck out. No, no, that was not a no. Oh, trust me, kid. That was a no. Better cops than you have tried it on with Nat and struck out. Oh, yeah? Better cops have this smile? No, they don't. Thank you. Nick Andopolis? Yes? Teresa Colvin, Superintendent of Police, City of Chicago. I didn't know I'd get to meet you in person. Um, welcome. Thank you. I hear you're a good friend of my brother-in-law's. Oh, Robert's a great guy. Yeah, well, he's been telling me about your situation. I'm so glad to hear that. I just wanted to hear from you personally what you're expecting my office to do. Well... ideally, um... I'd like you to put them out of business. At least scare them a little. Say... say you know what they're up to. Uh, make them stop offering the coupons. My business is a good business. I can compete on level ground. I just want to manage your expectations of what CPD can do. Because, frankly, this may never come to anything. And even if it does, it could take a very long time. I don't understand. I mean, Robert said that... Are you saying you need more? More what? Maybe I should talk to Robert. Are you saying more money? I'm saying, maybe there's more money if you can guarantee results. I-I can do five more. But-but that's it. I have a family I have to take care of. Mr. Andopolis, I am not interested in your money, and Robert never should have said that I was. I can't help you. I'm sorry. So... so you're not going to do anything? I pay your brother-in-law 50 grand and you come down here and tell me I'm out of luck? What kind of scam is this? This is not a scam. It's a misunderstanding. My office is not for sale. Not now or ever. So what about my money? Robert will pay you back. I don't believe this. Officer Woo? Yes. Yeah, Detective Wysocki. This is Detective Evers. How you doing? Nice to meet you. How are you? What can I do for you? How long you been behind this desk? Little more than 12 years now. 12 years. Okay, well, how do you feel about hitting the streets, getting some action? Hell, yeah. Good. Can you believe this guy can't bust 100? - So you were saying? - Oh, so... after a house fire, we come in, we board up all the windows and the doors with plywood. Keeps the looters out. Yeah, but how does charging a couple hundred bucks to board up someone's house lead to you with a fat stack of cash? Because, you get the board-up job, 99% of the time, you get the remodel. Let's say you got $40,000 worth of work. You find a friendly insurance adjuster to say it's a hundred-grand job. All right, you give him 2,000, you toss a few hundred to buy off the city inspector, you split whatever's left with the homeowner to keep their mouth shut, and you, you net 25, 30 G's... easy money. That's why we fight so hard for these board-up gigs. So how do I get in on this, man? We... we got a tight crew. Come on, man, I need cash, okay? Now, how long do I have to pay my dues for? I'll ask. Thank you. Uh-huh. All right, great, great. Thank you. Officer Woo just cashed out 20K in chips to the same homeboy cashier who was working when Mrs. Kwan got mugged. He started texting his buds right away. This thing might actually work. That wasn't a no from Natalie earlier. Sure. Amy's upstairs with the kids. I just came from Nick Andopolis's parking garage. He said he paid you $50,000 to have me shut down his competitor's place. It was a consulting fee. Really? Yeah. Because he considers it a bribe, and so would a grand jury. Teresa, give me a... Do not lie to me, Robert. Please, don't lie to me. What's going on? Robert has been selling access to me. Telling people that I'll have the CPD take care of their problems, for a price. It is not like that. Does she know about the money, or you been lying to her, too? Robert, what's going on? It's nothing that is not happening in a thousand places all over the city. Okay? It's just a little grease to get the engine going. No! No! It is a crime. And you're going to give the 50,000 back now. I don't have it. $50,000? It went to tuition for the kids, house payments, okay? You know, to cover some stock losses, that's it. Oh. Why don't you just loan us the money, okay? And when things turn around for me, I-I promise you, I'll get it back to you. Even if I had it, giving it to you means that there is a paper trail of me involved in a cover-up. That parking lot is laundering money. That's all you had to do was go down there and check it out. I can't now, even if I wanted to, because to do so would be to implicate myself and my department in bribery. Why are you always so damn sanctimonious? And why do you always have to be such a horse's ass? All right, baby, leave us alone. She can handle this in one second. But she won't. Leave us alone. It's your sister. She won't! Leave us. He's just trying to be a man for this family. Oh, that's a man? He's had a tough couple of years. Did you know? Did you know he was doing that? No. But he is right. You could do something about this if you wanted to. I cannot preach one thing and then practice another, Amy. Oh, so what are you going to do? You know, pull your niece and nephew out of their school and send their father to prison? Do not drag Melissa and Barry into this. This is their father. Oh, they are very much a part of it. I don't have a choice. Oh, come on. Come on. You and I both know that worse things happen in Chicago all the time and get swept under any of a hundred rugs! And that's what you're gonna do. Sweep it under a rug and make it so it never happened. And we will find some way to give that money back. I can't. I can't do that. You will do it. For me. Here we go. There's Woo with the 20 grand in winnings. All right, there's no tail from the casino, but everyone keep their eyes peeled. Here we go. Okay, move, move! Hurry up! Give me the damn purse! Police! Freeze! Driver, put your hands on the wheel! Let me see your hands! Give me your hands! Officer Woo, you okay? You good? Fine. What do you got next for me? Those are the men who have been terrorizing your community. We also got the lookout at the casino who was tipping off his pals. I'm impressed. Now impress me. You have some names for us? You might want to talk with these two men. I believe you were right. They accidentally thought the boy was a thief. Here's the address where you should find them. Let's hope they're there. I'm sure they are. Thank you. All right, one thing's for sure. What's that? We know the one place these killers won't be. Just do what you can to try to find them. You okay? Something up? I forgot I always hated that about you. What? The way you could read me. Just focus on this, and just let me know how it goes. How you doing? Hey. Wysocki. Hey, how are you? Is this thing actually gonna work? It'll record any call, it just might take a little while to get the trace. Better be faster than the guy can pack his bags and skip town. Oh, here we go. Incoming. Shh, shh. Are they gone? Yes, but they're close. Help them disappear. You're a winner, Woo. Text us where the call came from. Yeah, no problem. So, his name's Mikey and he's not all there. So just kind of roll with it. Thanks for vouching for me. Yeah, don't thank me yet. Willy boy! Liam. Hear you're looking for some work, man. Yeah. If you got any. Where you born? Philly. Moved here when I was 15. I'm sorry about your first 14 years, man. All right, whole kit's right there. Which house? Don't worry about it. Is anyone coming home soon? Owner and the missus are out for the day. We got eyes on them. Let's go. No, man. No, no, no. No, I got this one. Wait... Give him your keys. You're with me. All right, pay attention. You always want to set it... the downstairs. And always near an outlet. Why an outlet? 'Cause when they investigate, it makes it easier for one of our inspectors to blame faulty wiring, all right? Bingo, here you go. I want you to set it here. I want you to set it right here. What are you doing? What are you looking for, man? I'm just making sure there's not, like, a, like, a litter of puppies hiding or something, you know. Do me a favor, don't worry about that. So, everything you need to get it going is right here. You're not staying? Everybody loses their cherry solo, man. Is that gonna be a problem? No. All right. So, you cut the cover on the side, you lift it up slightly. Then stick a staple... in the opening. After that, put a penny, stick that between the staple and the battery. Now, you want to use a rag, 'cause this is where it gets really hot. Then you want to set it down right away. Use the rubbing alcohol to cover the walls. Got it? You got it? Yeah, I... I got it, yeah. All right. Don't torch it till dark, get the hell out. Easy. And you never met me. Who's this guy? It's a one-way street. Maybe he's here to meet whoever called Lau. Let's find out. Shh. He's not gonna move them, he's gonna kill them. Police! Drop the gun! Drop the gun! Get up against the wall! Up against the wall! It's all Chinese to me, man. But my friends tell me it translates to a conspiracy to commit murder and obstruction of justice. We found the axe used to cut off the kid's hand and the bloody shirt worn by one of your lackeys when he killed him. That's 20 years. Your system doesn't work, Lau. You had an innocent kid executed, admit it. I admit nothing. You know what, fine, fine. Keep your confession. Clam up all you like. It'll give the judge every excuse to toss you the max. I hope you rot. I do have a proposition to make, though. Yeah? Tell it to the wall. I'll give you that murderer. The one from a few years ago who killed the woman and boy. He's safe and sound in Beijing. I assure you he's not. No, he's right here in Chicago. Give him up in exchange for what? Reduced sentence. Look, I'm not letting Lao turn this into a win. I'm not. We don't have to if you can live with your old case staying open. If I take it, it knocks him down from 20 years to what, three? I'll support whatever decision you make. You're gonna get that and that from the insurance company. Should have brought marshmallows. So, how'd it feel? Kind of a rush, man. It is, right? Who's that? I don't know. No, seriously, who the hell is that? I told you I don't know. Huh. No, man. You have a way out of this. You just tell us how to help. Here's what has to happen: The FBI field office opens in half an hour. I need you to go down there and confess what you did. What? I will work behind the scenes to insure that you only get probation. Amy said that you were gonna help us. I am helping you. When Andapolous doesn't get his money, there's nothing stopping him from going to the feds first and getting us all prosecuted. I'm not gonna turn myself in. I'm not gonna confess and ruin my life and ruin my kid's lives! No, baby! If you don't turn yourself in at 9:00, I will go down there myself and tell them everything. This isn't what we agreed on. It's not what you agreed on. You always cared about this damn job more than about your family! Amy, that is not true. It's always been true! Always will be. He is the one who has put this family at risk! But you can save him! I am saving him. From what? From jail. And that is the best I can do. Come on, Teresa, you won't. You won't tell the FBI what happened. If Robert doesn't, then yes, I will. I absolutely will. Our kids are off limits to you from now on. Oh, Amy... I don't want them near you. I don't want them near you and your, your loneliness! What do you have to show for your life besides this precious office of yours, huh? What?! Come on, baby. Let's get out of here. I'm gonna take your deal. But I want you to tell him. Come on, Daniel, sit down. I want you to tell him where his family's murderer is. Daniel, I'm deeply sorry for your loss. Then why did you let the man who killed them escape?! What would justice look like to you now? Tawon in jail. What if Tawon wasn't free and he wasn't in jail either? What do you mean? In the summer, do you go to the lake? Sometimes. I heard that you can see him there sometimes. Parts of him, at least. Do you mean he's dead? I have no direct knowledge of that. He's cut up in the water for what he did to my wife and son? This is just a conversation about justice. Daniel... I'm at peace. I heard rumors that Tawon's body may have been disposed. When you locate it, my part of the deal will be fulfilled. What a lot of people don't know is that I made. Mr. Lao the unofficial mayor of Chinatown. I made the necessary introductions, I provided the right city jobs for him to hand out, and then I left him alone. I only ask him the occasional favor. Somewhere along the way he forgot who the real boss was. Now, he made a deal with me yesterday, and then he reneged on it. He thought 'cause he'd been there so long, he didn't have to take orders. And as a result of that betrayal, he is going to prison. There's a lesson in there, don't you think? A lesson I take completely to heart, Alderman. Good. Let's talk. Ma'am, ma'am, I'm sorry to inform you you may have a stalker. But as an officer of the law, I'd be happy to escort you safely to your car in case he shows up. Oh, that's very kind, Detective. As your stalker, I'd be remiss is I didn't try to ask you out again. Caleb, you are sweet and smart and cute... what you probably already know... but I-I really, I can't. What is, is it my dedication to a wide range of children's charities? Because say the word. I will, I will cut those little bastards off. No, that's not it. Please don't do that. Come on then. One date. If you don't have a good time, I'll show up here in a nurse's outfit and clean barf trays all day. Look... the first year I worked here, two cops came in shot. And I'd helped them from time to time just like I hope you and Jarek. They both died in front of me. I had to go and talk to their wives afterwards. I promised myself right then and there I would never put myself through that. I'm sorry. All right. They pulled a body from the house I torched. You didn't check the place first? I thought I checked! Where the hell did that body come from? You know, they're probably gonna get rid of the guy anyway. The planted it on you to insure your loyalty. Something to hold over you. How does dumping a dead body in my fire pin a murder on me? That doesn't make any sense, man. He was dead already, right? He wasn't dead? The medical examiner said there was smoke in his lungs; he was alive when the place went up. So I killed someone? I didn't sign up for this, man. What did you sign up for, huh? A book club? That's it. I'm done. I'm out. Liam, these people are liars and thieves and cheats and murderers and arsonists. They-they lack honor, respect and decency. And you, buddy, are in a unique position to teach 'em something. I didn't sign up to be a killer. I know, but they've made you one. So make 'em pay for it. Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 