The Chicago Code: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chicago Code 
 s1e6 - The Gold Coin Kid - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chicago Code (2011): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Gold Coin Kid - full transcript 
 When Superintendent Colvin calls upon Detectives Wysocki and Evers to locate a drug supplier who sent the son of an influential couple into a drug-induced coma, they uncover a more elaborate murder case. As the evidence stacks up, a downtown club where rich men and pretty women mix becomes the focal point of the case. Meanwhile, Teresa has her eyes set on securing funding to buy the department new radios. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Superintendent. Detective. You're up early. No, actually, I'm up late. See, I spent half the night trying to figure out how my niece and her partner made a shots-fired call and received absolutely no backup. What happened? This radio is what happened. See, Vonda made the call, but the battery was dead; Like most of them are, half of the time in this city. Isn't that right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can I meet all of you upstairs? I thought you were going to get them replaced. The mayor's office is holding up the request. Oh. Okay. Then I'm going to march right up to city hall; I'm going to find our fearless leader. I'm going to shove this... Right where the sun don't shine. Just giving you a heads up, so you know how to play it to the media when the story breaks that "cop puts mayor in intensive care with broken police radio." Jarek, stop. What's that? I can't hear you. The battery's broken. Okay, give me the radio. Now, this piece of garbage almost got my niece killed. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look, if shots had been fired on an officer last night, I would have heard about it. So maybe you're just putting a little bit of extra mustard on this particular hot dog. Okay, so she wasn't shot up. But what if she was, huh? What about next time? Give it to me. Give it to me. As effective as hospitalizing the mayor sounds as a negotiating tactic, why don't you just give me one last shot at getting this done. All right. I'm serious about this, though. I know you are. So let me just try to do it my way. Do you have something that you can be doing right now? Some real police work, maybe? Uh, there's a little something "Boy Wonder" and I are cooking up, yeah. All right. Well, why don't you get back in the kitchen? Leave this to me. In Chicago, it's always been a game of cat and mouse between copper and criminal. At the 1893 world's fair, inspector John bonfield handpicked 300 men from around the world, to blend in with the tourists and keep the city's visitors safe. They made 845 arrests. Returned 861 items to their rightful owners. And kept the world's first Ferris wheel safe from hoodlums. Today, the machines may have changed, but the game's the same. Fool the bad guys. La-la-la-la-la! Hold up! Hold up, homey! Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey! What the hell you all doing with my car, man?! Please back up, man! We're repossessing it. Yeah. Repossessing it?! I paid cash for this car, hombre. Whoa, slow down. So you're Raymond MacDonald? No, I ain't ray, man! Ray my little brother, man. I'm Marcus. But this ain't his car, man. Well, what about... You got everything messed up. Hey, put my car down, man. Can I talk to your brother? Maybe we can figure this out. No. He in the shower, homey. Hey! - Put my car down, man! - How about your other brother, Tyrone? Is he in there, too? Yeah, Tyrone's on the couch, man... How you know about Ty, man? Damn! City pays us to know. Turn around. Come on, show me your ass. Do the dance big boy. Oh, yeah. Damn. All right, come on! Hit the back! We're looking for his two brothers. He says they're inside. Get down on the ground! One of them's running. Oh...! See some license and registration, Tyrone. How long have we known each other, Dennis? Long enough for me to know that the famous Teresa Colvin charm is about to be unleashed. Have you ever been down to the wild hundreds after dark? I try not to make it a habit. Well, let's just say, you're a beat copper and you're working a 10-99, because budget cuts means that we can't afford to have two officers in a car. Uh-huh. And it's 3:00, 3:30 in the morning... And as you're riding solo, you hear shots fired. And, lo and behold, there's a suspect fleeing the scene. Uh, Teresa, I... So, you chase him. Because for $45,000 a year, plus overtime, every civilian in this city expects you to chase him. And you know that he's got a gun. And no one knows where you are. Or that you're even in danger. Now... call for backup, so you can make sure you... get home to your kids alive. It's dead. That's right. Because you work a nine-hour shift, and a lot of these batteries only last for six. So you just got your head shot off, because your department and your mayor won't give you radios that work. Mayor McGuiness has a number of obligations when it comes to stimulus money. You know, perhaps you should run a proposal past alderman Gibbons, and see if he'll submit an appropriations request on your behalf. Alderman Gibbons did not promise me radios, Dennis. You and the mayor did. And at the time, we meant it. Was that before or after streets and sanitations hired the mayor's new brother-in-law and stole my radio money to buy new snow plows? It snows in Chicago. People need to drive to work. Well, the mayor's latest favor swap is gonna get cops killed. How's that story going to play? Now, don't go making threats against the mayor. He's the one who put you in this job. You don't bite the hand... That is slapping me in the face. I'm sorry. Superintendent Colvin. It's important. Hey! What the hell is this, wysocki? I spent six months working on these guys. Well that's just it, moose. Streets couldn't wait another six, for you to trip over an arrest. Sorry, man. Better luck next time. Oh, you too, huh? You're a weed dealer, Marcus. You never been caught with the hard stuff. All of a sudden, you're cooking up crack, and I'm busting down your door, and... Repo-ing your car, and... I don't get it, man. Why the menu change? Times is hard, man. I mean, weed is a'ight, but rock's... that's where the money at. Customer knows best. All right, well, put this in your pipe. I'm going to let you and your brothers go scot-free if... You give me your coke supplier. Come on, man. What are you doing? I'm working here. Superintendent wants you both over at midwestern med, asap. Don't worry, wysocki. Happy to jump on this one for you. Marcus... Yeah, so... so what do you need me for? She just wants whoever sold the smack that put her son in a coma, caught and punished. You know what? The cafeteria. Second floor. They got a lemon meringue pie that'll blow your mind. We're about to go in. No, I'm about to go in. And when I get out, I'm gonna be in the mood for a tangy and refreshing dessert. You know, I'm about to jump over a big coke supplier, and you drag me away to hold the hand of some rich lady, because her kid fried his brain with a wad of smack? Amanda Langley is a major philanthropist. Her husband owns half the city. It doesn't buy any rhythm from where I stand. Which is why you topped out at detective and I'm superintendent. Look, neither one of us likes this. I just learned to smile and say "thank you." Now, this woman has friends in high places. She wants my best man, so I called him. This isn't even a case. Just find the kid's dealer, and you'll be back on your coke bust by lunch. Oh, forget about lunch. I'll have this nailed down by noon. Time's a-wastin'. ♪ Who's gonna hear your cry? ♪ ♪ when there's more of them than there are of you ♪ ♪ who's gonna hear your cry? ♪ ♪ when the hard winds come and it takes your eath? ♪ ♪ who's gonna hear your voice ♪ ♪ when violent men want to cut you down ♪ ♪ and the sun is gone in the dead of night in this town ♪ ♪ who's gonna hear your cry? ♪ Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com - Teresa. Finally. - Amanda. Ted. I am so sorry this happened. If you'd asked me a year ago, I'd've said it was just a matter of time. But to know he was trying to get clean... How hard he was trying... This is detective wysocki. He'll be working your son's case. Ma'am. So you are aware your son has a drug problem? I knew he had a problem. In the past. But he was getting better. Was he in rehab, or any kind of program? No. But his girlfriend was helping him stay clean. Hmm. What's her name? Emily. Beautiful girl. I don't think she knows yet. Does Emily have a last name? Harris. I think. Is that right, dear? Emily Harris? I don't know. I-I never met her. I know... Teddy thought the world of her. I realize you have more important things to do. Amanda, this is my top priority. He's my son. They say he may never wake up. Please. Just find the animals that sold him the drugs. That did this to him. Is there anything else you could tell us? When we went by his place, his car wasn't there. Maybe you'll find that dealer driving it. Okay. Thank you. You've been a great help. I'll keep you apprised of everything we learn. So, what, did you go to the academy straight out of high school? Nope. Trade school? College. Good for you. Where? Northwestern. That's a quality school. Yep. All right, so let me get this straight. You went to Northwestern first, and then you went to the academy? Yes. That's what I did. Sorry, did I do something? No, dude. I'm just trying to get to know my partner. Hey, sweetie. Hey, baby. Look, I'm working on something right now. I know. But my sister just changed her wedding to August 20, because that was the only day they could get the hall. Okay. And I don't want to have ours too close to hers. So if you don't want to do June, we're looking at late September, early October, now. Look, baby, can we talk about this when I'm not on the clock? Okay. But we need to figure all this stuff out soon. We will. We will. I promise. Tonight, we'll talk. Okay, baby. I love you. Love you too. Fall's a beautiful time to get married. How old's your fiancée again? Twenty-seven. Right. She sounds nice. Elena, right? Elena. Yeah. So, where'd you meet her, again? Look. You're going to miss your turn-off, right here. Emily Harris? No. I'm Taylor. Emily's my roommate. Is she around? No. She didn't come home last night. Is that why you guys are here? We come in? Sure. Were Theodore and Emily together when you saw them last night? We were at demimonde. You know, that club on dearborn? And Teddy showed up at our table. He was really angry about something and he took off. She ran after him, and that's the last time I saw either of them. Did you hear what they were fighting about? No. Any idea where Teddy liked to buy his heroin when he was using? Yeah. A guy named Mason. Real tool. Excellent. Know where we can find this guy? Yeah, I have an address. Hang on a sec. Out of your league, Northwestern. She's Harvard material. Two girls their age, living in a place like this. What'd she say? They were students? Oh, yeah. She's got a masters in spending her daddy's money, same as the rest of these jagholes. Oh, but you wouldn't know anything about that, college boy, would you? Don't tell Mason I sent you, okay? Oh, Mason goldberg? Have a word? What for? Well, for starters, you're under arrest for selling a little bit too much heroin to your good friend Theodore Langley III. If you've got a warrant, show it to my lawyer. No. I do not need a warrant to throw the bracelets on you. Huh? What do you know? Three minutes to noon. You get this. Wysocki. Hey. Officer townsley, eighteenth district. What was that plate you guys were looking for, again? I need a new partner. No. What do you... What do you mean, "no"? Okay. Why? Why? Because look at him. I mean, not only is he a cubs fan. He's also a college boy. You said he was impressive. You said he had skills. That was before I found out he's applied to the FBI. And he's still waiting to hear back from those desk jockeys. Did you... did you know anything about that? So? So? So you don't give up being real Chicago police to be some Washington accountant afraid to kick in a door. You know, anyone who rides with me needs to understand that. And anyone who works for me needs to understand that personnel files are private. So whatever you did to access his classified information, you just pretend you didn't. Ambition's not a crime, jarek. Fine. Promote him somewhere else then. It calms me, knowing he's with you. Give it a month. Teddy's girlfriend? Emily Harris. Well, what do you know? Looks like we got a case, after all. Looks like we got little k working the package on the 1800 block. Cc Wells's crew on the 1500. So far, Marcus, you're batting a thousand. Personal space, Marcus. Screw your personal space. I ain't getting seen. Popo. Pop coming through. The gangs fly a family out from L.A. or Phoenix, have 'em rent a place to put down roots. Couple months later, mom and the kids go back home. The landlord's stuck with a house full of criminals he's afraid to try and evict, and the gang's got a base to move product in the city for a few months until they pack up and do it all over again. Does that sound about right, Marcus? Yeah. Sounds about right. So we drop in tonight, it'll be like a... Like a housewarming party. What do you think, Marcus? Should we bring a casserole, or just the battering ram? Just get me the hell out of this hood. Don't worry. We'll have you hidden away when we raid your supplier. So what do you say? My task force beat the crap out of street patrol? Oh, hell, yes. Hell, yeah. I believe it's on page 20. You'll see it at the top of the... What do you think of the jacket? It's new. It looks nice. Looks good? Why? 'Cause I'm going nightclubbing later on. Down to the latest hot spot... demimonde. Yeah. Heard it was the last place your boy Teddy was seen alive. According to his friends, he's been going there a lot lately. So j. Edgar hoover and myself are getting dressed up, hit the floor, bust a couple of moves. Okay. Yeah. Anything else on your social calendar that I should be aware of? I'm in the middle of something here, jarek. Just giving you a heads up. You put me on this case as a favor to some influential friends, so now we got a dead girl, and it looks like the son might be the one that did it. So I'm gonna go after this; I'm going to make sure justice gets done. I'm not gonna be part of some whitewash to protect some rich kid's memory. Do you really think that I would be part of a cover-up? No. But I know the way political pressure works in Chicago. You just find the truth, and I will back you up. Good. Good. I'll let you know what my wrecking ball knocks down. Hey. Don't sound so gleeful about it. Wait till you see what I've got lined up for the mayor. That's not necessary. I'm making progress on the radios. We shall see. So, uh, typical night out for you, big ten? Not exactly. You see that? All you got to do is point. Tables out in front, I'm guessing a private room or two out the back. Everything money can buy. You know what this place is, don't you? It's a whorehouse. You got the madam up at top. Ten years on every girl in the place, and the aftermarket parts to prove it. Oh, there we go. The future Mrs. Caleb evers is a working girl. Come on. See what he knows. I'd buy you a drink, but I'm not sure I can afford it. If you're not sure, you can't. What if I wanted to buy more than drink? How much would that run me? This isn't a massage parlor. Detective. No, it's a high-end cathouse. And I'm trying to figure out why a girl like you would choose to be a hooker. I'm not a hooker. If a man wants to spend time with me, he can show me his appreciation. But it's not like I'm giving him a bill at the end of the night and saying "pay up." Oh, so you sleep with men for rent money instead of straight up cash. I'm sorry. I don't... I don't really see a difference. What's for sale here isn't sex. It's an experience. See that? That is $2,400 worth of vodka. Watch. Oh. She's got a black card. Lucky girl. She'll make a lot of money tonight. Look, I'm young, I'm having fun. And maybe someday I'll meet the black card of my dreams. Was that what Teddy was to Emily? A credit card? At first. But they fell in love. People fall in love, you know. Sometimes the experience works. So he'd never beat her to death and throw her into the river like a piece of garbage? What? You know, 'cause that's where we found your friend Emily. In the river, beaten to death, in Teddy's car. You saw them leave this place together, and then he went and killed her. No. No. Teddy loves Emily. He'd never hurt her. Well, someone treated her to that "experience." So, you want to help us figure out who it was or wait to see if they come knocking on your door next? Come over here, Emily. We all make them. You seen these before? No. I just knew about them. It's not like we put them on the Internet, or anything. They're just... Insurance. How many of these did Emily make? I don't know. She only made them when she started seeing someone important. She talked about deleting them when her and Teddy got serious, but... "T.L." Teddy Langley maybe? Come here, baby. I can hardly wait. You look amazing. That's not coma-boy. Father knows best. I was thinking more all in the family. Okay, so team goes in, raids a basement. Landlord's right... grow lights, hydro, the whole deal. But no weed. You know why? No. Why? 'Cause they're growing tomatoes down there. Get out of here. Hundreds of 'em. Turns out grandma's got to have some special kind of tomato you can't get outside of Italy and it's winter, so... Oh, no. We're standing there all suited up ready to bust heads... You should have just told her you were there for the spaghetti. Hold up. There's our guy. Piece of crap. Let's do this. Ready? Let's go. You know, when you told me you'd never met Emily before, was that with clothes on? 'Cause I just watched a videotape of you introducing yourself to her in the sack. I'm here with my family praying for a miracle. Have you no decency? Well, I have the decency not to be having this conversation in front of your wife. I was with Emily a few times. Okay. My son met her months after it was over. He didn't know. He wanted to marry her. Oh, I can't imagine that's a wedding you'd want on Chicago's social calendar, is it? No. I went to Emily... I offered her $100,000 just to go away. No dice? She claimed she loved him. She was probably holding out for a higher price. So then you went to your son. I told him there are women you enjoy, and there are women you bring into our family. He didn't like hearing that. I think you told him a lot more than that. I think you told him exactly what type of girl Emily was, and exactly what she was for you, positions and all. Man, you got to give me something. I thought he could handle it. I thought he had gotten over his demons, that he had moved on. You know, you raise a son... you try to do your best. But Teddy was never who I expected him to be. But he is not a killer. Well, he was going to marry a pro. Well, I went to the club. I told Julie the situation was unacceptable. Julie's the madam? She is the hostess. I thought she would guide him to someone else. Show him these girls are a dime a dozen. Or talk to Emily... make her see reason. So, uh, she was supposed to fix it? Yeah. Well, looks like she did. Chicago's always been a city of big appetites. And while money was first and foremost on the minds of the men who made it, what they chose to spend it on was sex. At the turn of the 20th century, brothels in the levee district kept respectable women safe from their husbands' sinful instincts and made millions for the madams who ran the scene. And like the product, the economics haven't changed: Minna everleigh, the most famous madam the city ever saw, once advised her girls that it was better to have one $50 client than to have ten $5 ones. Less wear and tear on the merchandise. We don't open till 8:00. What if we want a gold-digger before then? Her name's Emily. You know her? Should I? She made a living off of sleeping with men she met at this club. And we just found her murdered. Mmm. I run a nightclub. I can't watch over every girl that comes in here, and I certainly can't control who they sleep with when they leave. And you don't strike me as a prude, detective. Oh, I'm not a prude. But I am an equal opportunity s.O.B. See, we've been cracking down on streetwalkers all over the city, and the way I see it, a whorehouse is a whorehouse, whether it serves cristal or old style. And if I think a hooker's been killed by a pimp, I'm going to tear it open, no matter what name she chooses to call herself or how rich her Johns might be. We sell drinks and a dance floor. I pay my taxes, everything is up to code. So what are you thinking of charging me with, detective? Felony matchmaking? Come on. Come back whenever you want. I'll waive the cover. I'll even give you a plus one. Ah. All right, this guy's good to go. All right, let's go. Hey, hey. Yo. Yes, yes. Seems like yesterday we were doing crowd control on busts like this. Well, that's 'cause it was yesterday. Ah, man. Ernie, the team, the bust... This is the best first day I've ever had. Mm-hmm. So where we going out? Out? Come on, wysocki, we got to celebrate. You got anything better to do tonight? Oh, all right, then. Come on! You and me, I'm buying, wherever you want to go. All right. Um... Dusty's? Damn. Dusty's? You're buying. Okay. Yeah, dusty's it is. Cool. Guys. Come on, let's get'em in, get'em processed. All right. What's all this? I can't afford rent without Emily. Besides, I don't really feel safe here alone. Where you gonna go? Home. Colorado. Home is good. I was hoping you could help us out first. Maybe, uh... Tell us a little bit more about how things work at the club. If you know some other girls that ran into trouble? You know, it's a shame we didn't meet ten years from now. Yeah. Then you two could've gotten married and lived off your first husband's money. Okay. I'm just having... I don't want to end up like Emily. You're not going to end up like Emily. Okay? I can protect you. We'll keep you safe. If you help us, you're helping her. Can I think about it? Okay. She's terrified. She's afraid that that madam's going to send someone after her. Yep. Can you blame her? Wysocki. It's me. Ah, you're on speaker, din. Hi, Caleb. Hey, Dina. So, listen, that conference we had tonight at j.J.'S school, I gotta move it. Uh, when to? I was thinking tomorrow, 8:00? Okay, sounds great, sounds great. I-I gotta run, din. All right. I'll see you tomorrow, then. See you tomorrow. You see each other a lot for divorced people. Yeah, we got a son. Yeah, right. Yeah, so, I remember I was down in my boy's girl's place, all right? And she has one of those, uh, what do you call it? A... cockadoodle... Cocka... A cockapoo? Okay. A cockapoo. Anyway, she had one of those. And it was this little yappy-ass dog. And she used to dress it up. You know, thematically? For, like, holidays? And this is my boy's crazy ex-girlfriend, not the other one. Mm-hmm. Hey. Hey! What the hell you doing back there? Nothing, man. Gun! Get the hell out! Get out of the car! On the ground! Get on the ground! You okay? You shot? No, no no no. You? I don't know. Down, man! How does he have a gun? And in closing, I'd like to thank the mayor's office for continuing to support the caps program. We sure couldn't do it without you. Thank you. Call off your lapdog. Which lapdog would that be? Your detective friend, sniffing around in bad places. That's the job description, Dennis. Does the job include making the mayor's top donors nervous? Because if it does, he deserves a promotion. And so will you. Election coming up, big donors are worth a lot. Yeah. My only question is: Do you think they're worth more than my radios? Evers! Got a visitor. I, uh, I thought you'd be in Aspen by now. You asked me to think about it. So I thought about it, and I want to talk. Great. That's great. Let me just get my partner. Don't worry. We're going to make sure nothing like this happens again. I know. Uh, can I get you a drink or something before we get started? You want a coffee, a pop? No, thanks. I just want to get this over with. Okay. All right, we can do that. Uh... Okay, Taylor, what do you got for us? Um, my roommate, Emily, was involved in a mentally and physically abusive relationship with her boyfriend. You said earlier that he'd never hurt her. On numerous occasions, including the night of her death, I witnessed Teddy threaten to kill Emily. And then he did. You know where I was 20 minutes ago? Having dinner. With my wife. Who after 28 years of marriage I actually still love, and hate to disappoint. So imagine my chagrin when I get my ass hauled out here because some genius forgot to pat down an armed suspect and almost had his fellow officers killed. God help each and every one of you if someone had actually been shot. I want a head and I want it now. I understand, and I take full responsibility... I failed to frisk the suspect properly. And who the hell are you? Officer Vonda wysocki, sir. Wysocki. Like in jarek wysocki? He's my Uncle, sir. Clean up your team, moosekian. No one wants me down here again. You know, Taylor, previously you told us you didn't know what the argument between Teddy and Emily was about, because you couldn't hear it, so... I don't get it. The truth is, I saw them fighting and I followed them. I heard him threaten her. I heard the whole thing. Wysocki. Yeah. This just came for you. From traffic. Oh, thanks. I appreciate it, Lenny. So, you believe Teddy killed Emily. Yes. Because there was a history of him abusing her. Yes. Guess you got your black card, huh? Is it Teddy's father? He'd rather have his brain-dead kid take a hit for murder than risk ruining his precious reputation? Or his favorite whorehouse. No. Oh, so it's the madam. She pays you to change your story, and then just charges it off as a business expense. It wasn't easy for me to come here. As easy as lying on your back for some downtown fat cat? I'd like to leave now. I'll show you out. Sure you got a limo waiting for you outside. I, I got it. Thanks for coming in. If there's anything else, we'll give you a call. All right. Thank you. All right? Thank you, Lenny. Appreciate it. Sure thing. Heard what happened today. Thought you might. Look... No, listen to me. Whatever you think about me, I taught Vonda better than that, okay? I'll get inside her head as long as it takes, as much as it takes. You won't have a problem again. She's a rookie, wysocki. We all made mistakes. Let's go. Where? Principal's office. Thmayor's chief of staff has some concerns about the allocation of our resources. Regarding? Regarding your witch-hunt into legal businesses in the gold coast. Judge parkerson tells us you approached him to sign a search warrant for a nightclub down on dearborn. I did. And the man refused, but he's always been a coward, so I'm going to move on to the next judge. Lou parkerson is a friend of mine. And he refused because this city has worked long and hard to make Chicago an international destination. And the gold coast entertainment district is a jewel in our crown. We got vice teams rounding up $20 cluckers every night of the week, and you want us to turn a blind eye to a straight-up whorehouse because it services the city's most powerful citizens? Do you have hard proof of criminal activity, or is this just a fishing expedition? Right. You're not to go anywhere near that nightclub again, do you hear me? Either of you. You understand? Yes. No. Tell me you understand. I understand. Yes, ma'am, I understand. Good. Thank you, detectives. Drive home safely. The mayor appreciates your help on this. And he asked me to tell you he reviewed the budget numbers personally. Looks like there are funds available for your radios after all. Great. I will get them out on the street tonight. Thank you, Dennis. We're not going home, are we? Not back to the club, are you? Seriously? After that? We're off the clock. You want to save your résumé for some D.C. Bean counter, we can split up. You looked in my file. You knew I went to Northwestern. You knew I applied to the FBI. And you've just been messing with me ever since. A man's got to know who he's saddled up with. No, no, no, no, you just like to find a reason not to trust anyone. Kid, I told you to save yourself, okay? Leave. You want to dump me, it's because of who you are, not because of who I am. You gonna tell me where we're going? We're gonna find a judge with some backbone. You sure you want to do this? Absolutely. Thank you so much, judge. My pleasure. Appellate court elections are next month. You ever planning on retiring? They're gonna have to drag my corpse out of that courtroom with the gavel still clutched in my hand. Good for you, sir. Good for you. I appreciate it. If you run across Tommy O'Reilly in that club... I'll be sure to drag him right out the front door, sir. Must be some kind of Irish wake for his son. All right, Teddy, come on. Night's over, man. Come on. Get up. Get the hell off me! He's all yours, Dave. What are we charging him with? Doesn't matter. It's not gonna stick. Just make sure you call his wife to bail him out; Midwestern med icu, room 1470. Nighty-night, Teddy. Uh, what am I looking for? I don't know. But if all the girls keep insurance, imagine what the top dog has got. What the hell are you doing in here? We're shutting down a brothel. Excuse me, detective... everything we do is legal. Yeah? Well, I've got you on five counts of serving underage down there. That's enough for tonight. You come back tomorrow, I'll start looking into the coke dealer working the dance for, your hiring practices... Got it. Is it good? Oh, yeah. All right. What do you want? What do you want to make this stop? I want to put you out of business. You ever try to keep rich men and pretty women apart? Doesn't work for long. Works for tonight. Tomorrow, you gonna open shop in Miami or Vegas? Fine. But Chicago is closed. According to one list, the state of Illinois has produced five of the 20 most powerful women on earth. What is it about this place that gives us the power and the poise to take the reins? To succeed, to thrive against the odds? If you ask me, it's because if you can hone your craft in the city of Chicago, claw your way up from the corruption and the muck, it gives you the strength to take over the world. How dare you! You disobeyed my explicit orders, and you dragged detective evers down into the muck with you! I-I, it was my decision to go along, ma'am. Oh, really? Well, it was a very poor one, detective. You got two weeks suspension without pay to begin with. Now you wait outside while I have a word with chief of staff mahoney. I don't want them suspended! I want them fired! You are right. Wysocki is a loose Cannon. But you know what? If I fire him, he's gonna go straight to the press, he's gonna blow the whistle on the club and he's gonna start naming names. By suspending him, we take him off the streets he loves for a couple of weeks, and we guarantee his silence if he ever wants his job back. Which, trust me, he does. Fine. Get in here! The both of you! Well, that went well, considering. Yeah, considering. I'm sorry about the extra week, but one wasn't going to cut it with him or the mayor. Gives me a chance to go boating up in the dells. Besides, I disobeyed a direct order from the superintendent. Yes, and that was very naughty. You open it? There's a lots of names you're gonna recognize. Today the radios, tomorrow the world. So the two of you planned that whole thing? None of that was real? Oh, no, the suspension's real. You got a black mark on your record, wildcat. Maybe you should spend your time off interning at Quantico, shore up some of the damage. So the club goes down. The only way it could. Super couldn't have her fingerprints on it. And now she has intel on all of Julie's clients. Which will be useful down the road. But coma-boy takes the rap for Emily's murder. No. What? Well, then who? You murdered your friend's girlfriend, you stole his car, you dumped him on the sidewalk and left him to die. Man, that's pretty much got to be the worst night of your life, am I right? Seriously, man, this is ridiculous. I don't even know what you're talking about. Oh, come on, Mason. Sure you do. You what to know how I know? 'Cause this was taken at the stoplight at division and larrabee. And that is you behind the wheel of Teddy's car. Right about the time Teddy was getting picked up off the sidewalk and taken to midwestern med o.D.'lng from your junk. Not that it did him any good. But you know the best part? That's Emily's body right there. It's a good thing she was dressed to party, because those sequins really catch the light from the flash. I'm guessing you were probably too stoned to even realize you ran the light, huh? Bottom line, these photos make you look like a cold-blooded killer, and the problem is, I don't think you are. But the jury's gonna need a reason to ever let you see the light of day again. Teddy came over, and I sold him a little h. Wasn't even that much. Okay, that's helpful. And then we're shooting up, you know, and Emily shows up at my place, and she starts screaming at me: Why was I letting Teddy score and, uh... I mean, she came at me, man. And Teddy's nodding out, turning blue, and I just lost it. I lost it on her. Can we call it a self-defense thing? You got a date? Just a friend. Want to tell me what happened today? I messed up. Yeah. I messed up, and I'm taking my punishment like a big girl. It's okay, Uncle jarek. No, it's not okay, okay? I'm not gonna lose you to some boneheaded mistake. You won't. Do you understand? Yes. All right. I spoke with Ernie, and he seems fine about letting you stay on. He better be. What do you mean by that? Nothing. No. What are you saying? You're covering for the moose? Vonda, why? Because I'm your niece and he doesn't like you. So it was just a matter of time before he decided to keep Isaac on the team and bounce me back out to street patrol. Now that I took a bullet for him, getting rid of me won't be so easy. Have a good night. I will. Stay safe. Old radios are in the donation bin, new radios are up here with me. What's your name, officer? Jorge Rodriguez. And where'd you grow up? Humboldt park, ma'am. Oh, yeah? Which high school? Roberto clemente. Class of 2003. You know clemente? Know it? I played you in basketball all four years. I was cpl red division. Oh, yeah? Where did you go? Phillips. Class of you don't need to know. Thanks. You're welcome. Stay safe. What's your name, officer? Paul Herman. Come on, man, don't sulk. I followed you when the top cop told me not to! You didn't tell me about the plan! You didn't tell me the whole time you knew the dealer was the killer. You know, I tried to warn you off the club raid so you wouldn't take the hit. Oh, please, you weren't trying to protect me. You were just trying to get me to leave because you don't trust me. Something like that, yeah. Yeah, well, how do I know I can trust you? You don't need to worry about me. Why, 'cause you're such a straight-up guy? Does your fiancé trust you? Even though you're sleeping with your ex-wife? What did you say? Yeah, that's why you always warn Dina that she's on speaker every time she calls, so she doesn't say something I'm not supposed to hear. That's why she always sounds like she's talking in code. Your fiancé cool with you having ex-sex? She doesn't know. Yeah, well, you keep secrets from your fiancé. You don't keep secrets from your partner. Sync and corrections by GeirDM for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 