Agatha Raisin: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Agatha Raisin 
 s1e2 - Hells Bells - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Agatha Raisin (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hells Bells - full transcript 
 A woman is accused of strangling another villager to death with bell-rope. Agatha Raisin is hired to crack the case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BELLS CHIME TUNELESSLY DOG HOWLS BELLS CONTINUE CHIMING NOISILY Oh! I'm beginning to regret them re-hanging the bells. What exactly are they trying to play? We've been having a sweepstake down the shop. We think it may be Jay-Z featuring Rihanna. I wish they'd asked me to play the bells. I am really good at things musical. I think they're trying to play All People That On Earth Do Dwell. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are they? Who's playing it, Quasimodo? Five Quasimodos. TUNELESS CHIMING CONTINUES Stop! Stop! Thank you. Really very, very good, all of you. Don't you think this is a bit too ambitious for beginners, Amanda? No, I don't. I think the bishop when he visits will appreciate the effort. Is the bishop deaf? No. I remember as a child hearing this tune over the fields. It'll be perfect. But, Agatha, when you're pulling on the sally, you don't look up. Right. Feel for the balance point like you feel for the biting point of a car. Oh, right. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And, Mrs Josephs, you need to improve your rhythm. I've always been known for my rhythm. I had three children by the rhythm method. It's a very different kind of rhythm, Mrs Josephs. HE CLEARS THROAT Hello, ladies... and gentleman. How's it going? Very well, thank you. Ah, Jez, Jez. Perfect. If you'd watch us for a moment and tell us what you think? OK. OK. Are we ready? Look to, treble's going, and going she's gone. BELLS CHIME TUNELESSLY Sarah, you're not being quick enough. Yes, I am. No, you weren't, darling. Um, I think Jez was right. You were a little slow on the sally, Sarah. Had to be me you criticised, didn't it? Well, you can do it yourself. One, two, three, rest. Rest. One, two, three, rest. Rest. One, two... CAT MEOWS What are you looking at? DOOR OPENS I've come down to rage about that awful woman. Who? Amanda? Yes. Amanda Ballard. Going on about my lack of musicianship. I've got grade five flute. Congratulations. She's taking over the ladies' committee, and helping raise money to re-hang the bells, organising work parties to dig out the culverts and making life perfect and acting like a saint. That is MY role, Agatha. Is she spending too much time with Jez? Yes! They are always together. Sit down. I'll make us a cup of tea. You know, it's a big thing for us, the bishop coming to Carsely. It should be me alongside him organising it, not her. Young widows like her should be banned, with their pretty cardigans and available eyes. Can we just talked for five minutes about how much we genuinely hate her? I quite like her, actually. Agatha... She's invited me horse riding tomorrow. Sorry. Just to get to know her a little bit better. Agatha! Just ask Jez not to spend too much time with her. Tell him how it makes you feel. I have! And he won't! DOOR SLAMS The new bells have been paid for, which is a relief, but I am concerned about covering the cost of the vestry windows. I don't know what we're going to do. I'm sure we'll get there. Come on. Let's pray. Ah, here you are, Agatha. This is Samson. Wow. Look at him. He's a beauty, isn't he? You sure I'm going to be able to handle him? I mean, I've not really ridden before. Oh, no. Samson's mine. Oh. You've got Snip. Snip. Agatha, this is Steph. She helps me at the stables. Oh! Where did you find Steph? She was my best friend at school. She's had a rough time. She just got out of her latest rehab and asked if she could park her caravan in the far field and help out with the horses. Oh. It's nice to have a bit of company. It's been a bit lonely since my husband died. How did he die? Heart attack. He was much older than me. Ah. All very sudden. Do you ever think about marrying again? Oh, I know everyone thinks I'm looking for a man, but I'm not. I see women guarding their husbands against me and acting all jealous and crazy, but I'd never split up a marriage. I saw it happen to my parents. It's a real sin to do it. A sin? I think so. I'll put the donation box in the vestry. Thank you. And I'll lock up. Don't worry. I want to give a little ring on the tenor bell. It's not sliding right. HOWLING AND THUNDER CLAPS OVER TV BELL TOLLS Oh! The bells. The bells! The bells! Oh, blimey. She's finally lost it. I didn't think there was a rehearsal tonight. Oh! Hey, why don't you come, Gemma? You might enjoy it. We're one short. I don't want to go bell-ringing. Go on, Mum. Bill goes. BELL TOLLING It's a bit monotonous, isn't it? What's wrong with a tune, do you know what I mean? Hi, Amanda? Sorry I'm late. Is there a light switch? It's creepy, Mum. It's all right. It's all right. No, it's really creepy. CRASHING Ah! Amanda? I want to leave, Mum! It's OK. Hold my hand. Amanda? SHE GASPS Stay back. Don't look. SHE SCREAMS What is it? What's happened, Kyra? TOLLING CONTINUES What a way to die. Has Gemma gone to call the police? Yeah. What is it? It's a suicide note. "It's all too unbearable. I've gone to be with Dad." Poor Amanda. She was fine when we were at the bell-ringing, wasn't she? She was. She was fine. I mean, that was only... Did you see this coming? I mean, you knew her better than anyone. What's that supposed to mean? That you were friends. SHE SIGHS Did she ever talk to you about her dad? No. Why would she commit suicide? It's what people do, isn't it? They get low and then they top themselves. She wasn't low, though, Gemma. I only saw her this morning. And I was thinking how like me she was. She'd come to the Cotswolds to create a perfect life. She was nothing like you. She was. She didn't have any children. She was single and yet available. Fast approaching middle-age. You're not fast approaching middle-age. Thanks. You've been there years. SHE SMACKS HER LEG THEY CONVERSE INAUDIBLY All I asked her... I don't know. I don't understand why you're talking about this. You're just being weird. I don't get it. Hi. Oh, hello. Snip's friend. Yeah. Uh, can we come in? No. You know the police want to talk to you, don't you? Yeah, well, I never answer the door to them, so... You must be awfully upset over Amanda's death. Of course. I mean, she was my best friend. Did she ever do anything like this before? You know, try to commit suicide? She just didn't... Well, she didn't... She didn't seem the type. Yeah, well, you didn't know her, did you? I mean, she was one of those up and down all the time people. Well, I think you're wrong because I think that she... Steph, if there is anything at all that we can do to help... This is Gemma, I'm Agatha, and, well, I'll leave you my number. Oh. What are the keys for? If you want to help, you can muck out the horses. I think these are the keys to the house as well as the stables. Come on. Hang on. Where are you going? To have a little nose around. Agatha, we can't! Oh, what's that doing there? God, it must've cost a fortune, this. It says she ordered that yesterday. Now, what does that tell us? Not a lot. What woman would order herself brand-new saddle and then top herself before she'd had the chance to use it? I don't know. Well, no woman I know. She ordered that saddle hours before she died. She was looking forward. She was treating herself. She was not a woman that was about to kill herself. So, what are we looking for? Evidence that she was having an affair with Jez Bloxby. No! I think Sarah thought they could be. Oh, no. I can't... What, you think he killed her? Let's look and see what we find. Why are we whispering? Don't know. God, her childhood looks so perfect, doesn't it? Oh, don't go through her things. Well, what do you think we're here for? You'd be a useless burglar. Thank you. It's a big old to-do list for someone who was about to top themselves, isn't it? Who's Amanda Marlowe? Maiden name? Look at all these bills. She must have about ten, 15 credit cards here. There's someone coming. DOOR CLOSES Quick! Hide! Who is it? SHE GASPS Look. She was getting money every month from a lawyer, not an insurance company. So? Well, that's what happens when you get divorced, not when you're widowed. You think her husband is still alive? He's heading for the desk. DRAWERS CLATTERING It's Jez! BELLS CHIME DISCORDANT MELODY Oh! No, no, no, no, no, no. No, Mary. You weren't beginning in the right place. Yes, she was. I was. She's got to wait for Agatha to pull before she begins. She'll be waiting a long time then. LAUGHTER Thanks for that, Gemma. Brilliant. Really. Yes, I will! Maybe we could try something a little less complicated. Can't we just give up? No, we can't. Reverend Bloxby made such a song and a dance about selling off the land at the back of the vicarage to pay for the bells. The new bells are the reason the bishop is holding confirmation here. Hiya. Where were you this afternoon? Parish visits. Mrs Mansfield, she's still not well. Not at Amanda's farmhouse then? Why would I go there? You were seen, Jez. I don't know what you're talking about. Jez, I feel as though I don't know you at the moment. First your friendship with Amanda and now you're lying to me. What's going on? What friendship with Amanda? What were you looking for at her farmhouse? I wasn't there! Did you find Amanda's next of kin? We did. We found her husband. I thought she was a widow. Well, that's what she told everyone, but the more you look at her life, the more it looks like a pack of lies. Who was he? John Marlowe, a lawyer in Bristol. He's much older than her, and you wouldn't believe how much Amanda was in debt with the farmhouse and the horses. She was in arrears on the lot. No wonder she was finding everything unbearable. And what information did you get on her dad? He was a financier in the City, Teddy Ballard. He hanged himself when she was 21. Oh, poor girl. It's sad how often suicides run in families. I know. On that note, shall we head out to the garden? Come on, James. James. James, we need to investigate this death. No. No, we don't. Because I think it could be murder. Well, there was a suicide note written in her handwriting, Agatha. How do you know it was her handwriting? Because I recognised it. Look. She was clearly under more stress than any of us knew. Well, I don't think she was. James? Come on. It's lovely out here. HE SIGHS I'm not going to play detective with you any more, Agatha. It is exactly the same. Oh, he's right. Hmm. DANCE MUSIC PLAYS PHONE RINGS Hello. 'Roy, darling.' What do you want, Aggie? 'This is not a good time.' I want you to check something out for me. You're not my boss any more, Aggie. Get yourself another PA. No. Mush up her hair. It's posh grunge. Grunge posh. Mush the hair up. I want you to check out 'a Teddy Ballard.' No. He was a financier in the City who committed suicide 'about 12 years ago.' No. I know you're already intrigued 'as to why I'd want you to do this.' No, I'm not. I'm sorry, I really have to take this. 'I think it might be linked to a recent suspicious death.' 'What was the name again?' Teddy Ballard. Oh, and, Roy... 'I love you.' And I hate me, Aggie, and I really have to go now. Bye. What did I say about the hair? DOOR CLOSES Argh! Oh! You think it's me. What? You all think it's me who killed her. No, no, no, no, no. No, I don't. Well, I didn't. I didn't. What's going to happen to me now? She was my only friend. What's going to happen to me? Just let's... Let's have a seat. We'll have a seat, OK? SHE SOBS What are you here for? To find out more about Amanda. I don't know anything. Did you know that her husband was still alive? What was he like? Don't know. Never met him. It's very kind of you to offer to help me with this, Agatha. No problem. If you'd like to come this way, Mr Marlowe will see you know. Thank you. We've put together a service for Amanda with a hymn we believe she was fond of - All People That On Earth Do Dwell - but we wondered if there was another hymn she liked or a reading that might be more meaningful for her. I'm sure that will be fine. I'm happy to pay for the funeral, but I don't want to be involved in arranging it. Will you be coming? Relations with my ex-wife were not good, Mrs Raisin. I don't think it would be appropriate if I attended. Why were they not good? Uh, could we have a list of her friends in Bristol who might like to attend? She didn't have any friends by the time she left. What you don't know is that Amanda was a liar, manipulative, underhand. Why did you marry her? Oh, that's not our business. You don't really find out the truth about the person you've married until later. You get taken in by the version of themselves they present to the world, but it's not the real them. Who was the real Amanda? A princess. She wanted a life of privilege, but she didn't want to work for it or pay for it, and she'd drop anyone if she thought they know longer fitted into her perfect life. Oh. With everyone you speak to, Amanda seems like a completely different person. I don't know, manipulative and underhand seemed to sum her up for me. Do you think Jez knew what she was really like? Um, I think he knows more than he's letting on. Do you think they were maybe having an affair? Sarah, I'm just saying. All men are dogs. It's just the unfortunate way it is. He's just not like that. I mean, he's under so much pressure with this bloody bishop visit. Do you think he had SOMETHING to do with her death? No. No. No, I can't think like that. And yet he was searching for something in her house, and he was the last person to see her alive, and you know that he's keeping something from you. Just saying! 'I thought we'd never get here. 'Oh!' Oh! Good afternoon, Your Grace. I'm so sorry. I'm a bit stiff. I don't think I've been in this parish since they built that wretched ring road. I believe that's true. Oh, do you know Canon Gibbons? I almost forgot. Well, I always forget about him, actually. The man has hardly any presence at all. But he smells of pleasantry, which is more than can be said for the other canons at the cathedral. HE CHUCKLES Hello. Oh, how many for confirmation this evening? Three, Your Grace. All children from the village. Oh, it'll be over in a jiffy. Last week in Bristol, I had 53. Oh. It took so long I missed Game Of Thrones. Oh, it's nice to see it restored. Although, as I can't remember what it looked like before, it makes no difference to me. If you'd like to come back to the vicarage, Your Grace, Sarah has prepared a tea. I do hope there is enough. I didn't realise you'd be accompanying His Grace, Canon Gibbons. Who? Oh, don't worry about him. He's here to work, not stuff his face. Now, they've found, um... What is it? Irregularity. ...irregularity with the accounts about the selling of the land. It's probably nothing. Unless... of course you have been stealing. HE LAUGHS We're sending someone round to look through your receipts. Well, that would be me, Your Grace. Who? Oh, yes. I always forget you're here. BELLS INHARMONIOUSLY CHIME All People That On Earth Do Dwell MRS JOSEPHS: Keep up the good work. The bishop loves us! Why is everyone looking so astonished? Well, that's actually not too bad. Right, go. What have you got for me? Teddy Ballard was a super-rich financier who made a fortune trading African currencies. He had one daughter, Amanda, who had this gilded childhood... We've seen the photos. ...and went to the kind of posh girls' school where there were stables for your ponies. But unlike most bankers, Teddy had a heart. I didn't speak to anyone who said he wasn't a saint. He was a big Christian and a big philanthropist and he killed himself when his firm went bust. Was he a depressive? No, he was broke and he felt guilty because all the charities he was funding became insolvent. So, Amanda went from super-rich to nothing overnight. But within three months, she'd married a friend of her dad's - John Marlowe, who you've met. I have. He's not short of a bob or two. You know what this calls for? A beer? BOTH: A mood board. Childhood home. It's a hell of a place, that, isn't it? Talk to me about the suicide note. It was a suicide note. Written on? Posh paper. Written with? Pen. Was the pen found in the belfry? No. Did you spot the pen on the desk when you illegally broke in and snooped around the house? No. We saw a lot of felt-tips. Any way, the whole pen thing, that's irrelevant. Put that back up! No, because it's Agatha's murder mood board, not yours. It's all three of our mood boards. Fine, fine. That's the point of it - we're brainstorming stuff so we all suggest things... I'll put it out the way. ..their logical end. Have you two finished bickering? I'll just move it. Hey, hey, hey. Come and have a look at this. Who's that? Teddy Ballard. OK, now, this is quite exciting. It would appear that Teddy Ballard had set up philanthropic schools for orphans in Africa, Ghana, for kids who had lost their parents during the civil war. Now, Amanda's dad paid for the schools, but they were run by the church, and some of the bright kids were brought back here to England to go to school. Could that be Reverend Bloxby as a boy? If it is, he would've known Amanda from before. Thank you, Jeremy. Your Grace. Your Grace. Did you say anomalies? Will you lock up? Of course. Where are you going? I... I'm tired. Sarah... Yeah? You're the best thing that's ever happened to me. I... just want you to know that. And you, me. I don't think so. Yes, Jez. When I first met you, I thought you were the most beautiful man I'd ever seen. Clever. Kind. I'm not the man you want me to be. You are what I want. You always have been. I'm going for a bath. So, Jez was the last person to see her alive. That's right. Yeah. So, he had the opportunity. So, maybe he killed her and made it look like suicide. Yeah. There's no-one safe in Carsely. PHONE RINGS Jez! Jez, can you get that? Carsely Vicarage. 'Mrs Bloxby.' Ah, Bishop Parsons, hello. 'Is your husband free tomorrow morning?' Yes, I'm sure he can be at the cathedral in the morning. Can I ask what it's regarding? 'We found some serious anomalies in the report.' Oh. Right. 'Shall we say 11?' OK. Jez? Are you in the bath? DOOR SLAMS Jez is gone. He's taken the car and he's disappeared. Sarah, we think we ought to call the police about Jez. He knew Amanda before she came here. How? Her dad ran a school for refugees in Africa. Did you know? I knew he was a war child. Why didn't he tell me that he knew her? Maybe that's something to do with why he might have killed her. If there's anything I know about my husband, he's not capable of murder. He's just not. Well, why did he run away? I think he's been stealing. There were some irregularities with the sale of the land for the restoration. I think the bishop has found out. I just want him back, Agatha. I don't care what trouble he's in, but I want him back before he does something stupid. 'What are we looking for?' A green Golf. A green Golf. TYRES SCREECH 'P368 PYU.' Got it. He's abandoned it. 'Where?' That bus stop says Bristol. Oh. Jez... Oh, God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. It's all right. It's all right. Whatever you've done, we can face it. It's all right. I was the reason Amanda came to Carsely. I hadn't seen her for 20 years, but she came looking for money and she came up with the idea of selling the land around the vicarage. That was a good thing, wasn't it? That was going to help the church. She pocketed a quarter of the money. Why did you let her do that? Because otherwise she would tell Sarah who I really was. My parents were executed towards the end of the war. Yeah, they were good people. They fought bravely. No. They weren't good people, Sarah. That's what I told you. That's what I told everybody when I came to England and took an English name. Amanda knew my lie. She knew that my parents were the very worst people. They fought for the government, not the rebels. And they tortured and murdered innocent people. They were notorious. Everyone in Ghana knew their names and everyone breathed in relief when they were tried and executed. I lied to you... about who I was, who my parents were. I lied to everybody. I love YOU, Jez. Not your family. So, why did Amanda kill herself? Well, because the diocese were going to find out about the money. They were already on the trail, and I hadn't been as clever with the accounts as I'd thought. So, is that what you were looking for when you went to her house, the accounts? No, I was looking for the file that she said she had on me from the orphanage. But if you were responsible for the accounts, she could've denied all knowledge and let you take the blame. She had your secret. Perhaps the shame of being found out for who she really was was too much. No. She had Jez by the short and curlies. She would've let him take the fall. Agatha, not now. You didn't know her, Agatha. I did. And the day she died, she was not suicidal. SHE SIGHS In the midst of life, we are in death. Of whom may we seek for succour, but of Thee, oh, Lord, for who are sins art justly displeased? Ashes to ashes, earth to earth, dust to dust... in sure and certain resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. ALL: Amen. BELL TOLLS Hello? Hello. Excuse me. Are you the receptionist from Bristol? That's right. Were you a friend of Amanda's? No. We were more like rivals, I'm ashamed to say. I'm here out of guilt, really. I never thought I'd grow up to be a home-wrecker, let alone to cause so much pain that they'd do this. You were having an affair with her husband? I'm not proud of it. We do love each other. We are going to get married. Does John know you're here? It's been strange since she died. It's been like how it was when they were married. He'd get angrier and angrier cos she'd just spend all his money. He'd come home and find diggers in the garden moving the swimming pool to a sunnier side of the house and she hadn't even told him. She'd buy Range Rovers, horses, go shopping every couple of weeks. Milan or New York. He said he had no idea she was like this when he married her. I suppose if you know someone like that, you wouldn't marry them, would you? Lovely. Um... Bill. Whoa, what are you doing here? What am I doing here? I'm here to see Steph at the caravan. What's happened? Someone's smashed a window and broke into Amanda's while she was being buried. SHE SIGHS They could've waited a day out of respect. Burglars. No morals nowadays. What did they take? Just the laptops. All the valuables are still there, but the study has been ransacked. Constable, police business. Go away. Go away! I've told you I didn't kill her. Please! I just... KNOCKING Can I come in? I just want to talk. Mandy's ex contacted me when I was in rehab. He said he'd keep me supplied if I spied on her for him. Well, why would he do that? She had something on him. Some dodgy land deal that he was to earn a fortune from. He tried to buy her off, but when I told him that she'd said blackmailing him was her cash cow for the rest of her life, then he must've lost it. He gave me the money to get her laptops and told me to disappear. What was on the laptops? These laptops contain hundreds of e-mails about a land purchase order that John Marlowe was lawyering using public money to expand Portishead Airport, but they also show that he had secretly purchased the land himself and he was doing this to drive up the price for the government. Which is illegal. And Amanda knew that. You can go to prison for that. For a long time. And she was using this to get more money out of him, which is why she wasn't bothered about being in some much debt. She knew the big money was coming. Yeah, but we still know Amanda killed herself, don't we, cos of the suicide note? Well, it pains me to say it, but I think Roy was right about the pain. She only seemed to use felt-tips, from what I gather, and the suicide note was written in ink. It's still her handwriting, though. Yes, but who can forge signatures? Well, no-one, cos they're unique. I can forge Aggie's. PAs and married couples. I used to handwrite notes for all the times when she wanted things to be a bit more personal. Yes. Well, if I'm correct, John Marlowe wrote the suicide note because he had posh pens and he had posh paper. So, what do we do know? Well, you two are going to have to trap him into a confession. Us? Us? Well, he already knows who I am. I take earbuds. I can hear every word. Come on. Stick them in. It's just another of her stupid ideas, Gemma. OVER EARPIECE: 'Heard that.' OVER HEADSET: 'Broadsword to Danny Boy. 'We are inside the building. Repeat. We are inside the front door.' Can I help you? Hello. Hi. Can we speak with John Marlowe, please? I'm afraid Mr Marlowe is in meetings all day today. Can I ask what it's concerning? His ex-wife and the purchase of Portishead Airport. The purchase of his ex-wife. And Portishead Airport. His ex-wife AND the purchase of Portishead Airport. All right, shut up. His ex-wife and the purchase of Portishead Airport. One second. Well done. We got there. This way, please. Thank you, Tracy. What's this concerning? We were friends with Amanda, and before she died, she gave us a memory stick full of e-mails incriminating you in a racket buying land for the expansion of Portishead Airport. What's he doing? Does he look guilty? Oh, just be quiet. I haven't said anything. If I were you, I would leave here before I call the police. Tell him to call the police. Fine. BOTH: Call the police. What e-mails? Quote, the fifth of April, 2014. 'Fifth of April, 2014. Remember?' 'No.' "To the Minister of..." FEEDBACK AND STATIC BUZZES The day you e-mailed the vicar. The Ministry of Industry. "The owners of the land will not settle for less..." "..than 16 million." "I suggest you take that offer," un-quote. And you support that increase in the asking price. Because you were the vendor. It was two months after you bought the land yourself. What's he doing? I'm picking up a pensioner. What do you want? To pick up a pensioner. Which we will do later... But now we want the deal Amanda was getting. The deal you killed her for. Brilliant, Gem. Thank you. She was always on the take from you. You'd had enough. But she had you by the short and curlies, didn't she? As you do. BOTH: As I do. Threaten to call the police. What are you doing? BOTH: Calling the police. We think that when you realised she wasn't going to stop demanding more money, that you went to Carsely to get rid of her. When she was on her own in the church, you took your chance. OK. OK. 'I'm not going to prison for HER. You...' If you give me that, we can come to some arrangement. Get a confession. Well, you should've thought of that before you murdered her. She was never going to stop. 'I had to kill her.' I was never going to get rid of her unless I did something. Was that a confession? Sounded like one. One what? I think it was. Right, get out of there. We've got to go now. Bye. See you. Run! I am running! Right, I'm calling the police. Head down, there. Thank you. See you all at the station. Well done. BISHOP PARSONS: This is a pretty damning report, Reverend Bloxby. Do you have anything to say on the matter, hmm? Where will you go? Back into rehab. Mum said she'll pay for another go. Where will you park your, uh... this? At my mum's. Ah. Well, good luck, then. Thanks, Agatha. HORN BEEPING BELLS CHIME All People That On Earth Do Dwell Two, three, four. Two, three, four. Two, three, four. How did it go? The bishop discussed everything with the police and the chapter's lawyers, and since all parties think that I was a victim of blackmail and not a thief, they've decided to draw a line under it. ALL: Oh! Well, if news like that doesn't demand a peal of the bells, I don't know what does. So... Look to. Treble going. Treble gone. BELLS CHIME Subtitles by Ericsson accessiblecustomerservice@sky.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 