Three Rivers: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Three Rivers 
 s1e8 - The Kindness of Strangers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Three Rivers (2009–2010): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Kindness of Strangers - full transcript 
 Tracy Allen is the wife of a San Francisco billionaire who arrives at Three Rivers in need of a new liver. But complications set in when David and Pam travel to Youngstown, Ohio to pick up one from the donor, a murder victim of highwaymen, a setback occurs when the liver is cancer ridden. As a result, Tracy's husband, John, defies Dr. Jordan's advice and resorts to buying a new liver for her on the black market. Meanwhile, a friend from Andy's criminal past, named Michael, resurfaces who anonymously gives a hearty donation to the hospital for Kuol's heart transplant as a bargaining chip to get Andy to resume his old life of crime before entering med school. Also, Miranda and Andy try to treat a young couple who are infected by an unknown pathogen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Kindness of Strangers (clanging) Got a flat, huh? Yeah. I tried to change it, but I can't get the thingies off. Those air-powered wrenches at the shops can put them on too tight. Yeah. Want me to give it a try? Sure. Thanks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You got a wrench? Where you headed? Uh, Youngstown. I have some friends waiting for me. How about you? Just out. I find things, fix 'em up, try to sell them. Make any money doing that? Some. Wouldn't turn down a token of gratitude for helping you out. I don't have much to offer. But I think my boyfriend has something to give you. Come again? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why don't you ask him? Get up! (wrench clanging) Wallet, keys. Keys are in the truck. Y-You don't have to do this, son. I know. (gunshot) I need some water. I just need some water. Male, 20, head and chest trauma. BP's 90 palp and sinking fast. Pulse 115 and thready. I figure, maybe internal bleeding. - How was the FAST? - Uh, it was clear. - No abdominal bleed. - Okay, whoa. Where do you think you're going? (groans) I just need some pain meds. Okay, okay, Nick. Why don't you just slow down and let us talk to you? - I, I think I want to go home. - You don't want to go home, buddy. Come on, now. - Come on. - Okay. Okay. Maybe I'll just chill here for a second. Okay, that's a good idea. Let's get you back up here. Stethy, please. Okay, Nick, why don't you tell me what happened? I took a tumble down the attic stairs. (groans) Beth is going to kill me. - Who's Beth, Nick? - She's my girlfriend. I mean, my wife. We just got married. If I drove myself here, it can't be that bad, right? I like your optimism. How's his chest X ray? It's coming up right now. His clavicle's fractured. (grunting) He's got a right hemothorax, decreased pulse. I think the bone has pierced the subclavian artery. (Khouri) Call the O.R. - and tell them prep for a thoracotomy? - Yes, please. -Okay, Nick? Nick? - Yeah? You have an arterial injury and you're bleeding into your chest, okay? We're going to have -to take you into surgery. - Okay. - Okay? - Just make it quick. ♫ ♫ ♪ Heaven ♪ ♪ I'm in heaven ♪ ♪ And my heart beats so that I ♪ ♪ Can hardly speak ♪ ♪ And I seem to find the happiness I seek ♪ ♪ When we're out together ♪ ♪ Dancing cheek to cheek. ♪ (indistinct chatter) ♫ ♫ How are you holding up, my love? I am having a great time. Hmm, liar. But thank you for coming. I would fight through a thousand blowhards in penguin suits to be with you. Oh, you're so sweet. My meeting got moved up. I'm taking the jet to India tomorrow. Will you join me? I can't. Tonight we raise the money, but tomorrow, we get our hands dirty - down at the center. - I'll be back in a few days. - Where are you leading me? - I have to say a few words. I would like you to be by my side. I'll be right over here. (chuckles) (clears throat) Friends... thank you all for coming. Now, tens of thousands in Indonesia have been left destitute by earthquakes. A cargo plane chartered by my husband, John, will carry relief kits filled with food, filter straws and blankets to people in need. Know that your generosity this evening will have a direct impact on that tragedy. What you give tonight will save lives. I would, uh, also like to invite you to our foundation's headquarters tomorrow, where we will be assembling these relief kits. A little hard work won't kill any of you. (laughter) So, please, for now, enjoy the drinks and the company. And again, thank you. (applause) Thank you. I'm very proud of you. (moans) What is it? What's wrong? (moans) I don't know. (crowd murmurs) Call 911! ♫ Three Rivers 1x08 ♫ The Kindness of Strangers Original Air Date on November 22, 2009 sync, corrections [HI] elderman addict7ed.com We're getting posts on the foundation's message board from well-wishers. - Want me to read them to you? - Later. Just write a thank you on the home page wall. Let everyone know I'm doing well. Are you comfortable, Mrs. Warren? Is there anything I can get you? Oh, I'm fine, Pam. Thank you. Okay. Mrs. Warren. Mr. Warren. I'm Dr. Sophia Jordan, Head of Surgery. Call me Tracy, and this here is John. Is that an ANSA pin on your coat? Yes, it is. Well, it's not as large an organization as yours, but they do what they can. So how's she doing, Doctor? Unfortunately, you have suffered an acute on chronic liver failure. Is this because of my hepatitis? I caught it while I was in Angola. Well, that's the chronic part. But it looks like exhaustion and dehydration have exacerbated your condition. How bad is it? Tracy, your liver has shut down. Right now, transplant is your best option. You mean, my only option. Okay. We knew this day might come. Um, I've been tested, and I'm a match. So, how soon can we give Tracy a lobe of my liver? Mr. Warren, our tests show her condition is too severe. She now requires a whole liver. But that was our plan. We... we had this situation covered. It's okay, John. Yeah, we'll find another way. With your MELD score where it is, you'll be a priority on the UNOS list. I find myself in need of a stranger's kindness. With all the work you do for others, I'd say your good karma score is high, as well. In my book, that counts for a whole lot. - Andy? I have amazing news. - One sec, Kuol. Ryan got our picture in the newspaper. -Way to go, Ryan. - But that's not why I'm here. Okay, Kuol, I'm actually working... (Andy groans) Prepare yourself for a shock. Okay. Look! That's amazing. As I said it was. That's over 150 grand. This is the break we've needed. Pam, come here. The article mentioned the Web site, and like mag, the money appeared. - Look at that! - Congratulations, Kuol! Kuol, this means your aftercare is covered. This means I can go back to the committee and try to get you listed with UNOS. This is huge, Kuol. This is a game-changer. And all it took was a photograph with the great Dr. Yablonski. (laughs) Let me help you. No! I got this. I'm just putting some down there, in case I get hungry later. Mmm! Where's my sketch book? Oh, I came here from work. I didn't go home. Beth, I asked you specifically to bring it. You... You... weren't you listening? Yes. I was listening when you told me you just got out of surgery. So, I drove straight here. I needed it. - Okay, well, I can go right now... - No. Just... whatever. Never mind. (Miranda) Hi. You must be Nick, and you are...? - I'm Beth, his wife. - Nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Foster. - How are you feeling? - Like crap. Yeah, well, your body went through quite a shock. When you fell, you broke a bone that pierced an artery. - Oh, my God. - No, no, no, no. It's okay. Surgery went well. But I will say between that and your broken clavicle, you're looking at a good eight weeks of slow recovery. I told you those stairs were dangerous. Beth, I didn't slip. I'm sorry, how did you fall? I don't know. We just leased a new house. My office is in the attic. I was coming down the stairs, and... I must have passed out. And have you ever lost consciousness before? Never. But for the past few weeks, I have been getting headaches, feeling sore all over, like I was fighting off the flu. Well, your labs did show bumped- up liver and cardio enzymes. So I'm thinking to be safe, we should run some additional tests. (monitor beeps steadily) (ventilator wheezing) They found him by the side of the road? Yes, Father. He stopped to help someone, and they shot him. (sighs) What's best in you will live on in us, my friend. You were the finest of God's creatures, and you will now sit at his side as do his most gentle angels. I pray justice comes to those who harmed you. I pray for the fortunate people whose suffering your generosity will relieve. And I pray for your blessed soul. (Andy) We all know Kuol. He's come thousands of miles to get here, hoping for a new heart. But we couldn't list him for transplant because he wasn't a citizen, and he didn't have money. His cardiomyopathy worsened, but luckily we managed to get him a VAD. And recently he came very close to getting a directly donated heart, but sadly, that fell through. Well, through generous donations, we have managed to raise the necessary funds to list Kuol for transplant. And I've been waiting for this vote since the day he first walked into our E.R. Then, let's get on with it. All those in favor of listing Kuol? (newscaster) The young couple was arrested in a stolen van. They'll face murder charges related to the brutal roadside slaying of a good samaritan. Details... UNOS found a match in Youngstown, Ohio. That is great news. Size, blood type, liver function are good. I recommend we accept the offer. We'll take it. We'll take it. Thank you so much, Dr. Jordan. Thank me when you're on your feet and walking out the door. You still have a few hours before the surgery. (sighs) She was right about your good karma. Before you know it, this will all be behind us. We should talk. That sounds serious. A transplant is still major surgery, and sometimes they go wrong. Nothing is going to go wrong. If it does, promise me that you will carry on my work at the foundation. And I don't mean getting somebody else to do it. I mean you. I don't like talking about this. We have to be prepared. I don't prepare for failure. I got you to the best hospital, to the best doctors. UNOS found a donor. This plan is coming together. Let's just stay focused on the positive, okay? I love you. And I am not going to let you go. Ah, Nurse Acosta returns to the friendly skies, huh It's been a while since we did a run together. I guess my luck just ran out. You know, it's okay to admit that you miss me. David, whatever charm you use on the other nurses won't work on me. Hey, a little light reading for your trip to Youngstown? So he made some cell phones or whatever. It's his wife who should be on the cover of magazines. No, John Warren, he pioneered our current wireless technology. He's worth many billions of dollars. Can't buy your way into Heaven, Ryan. The clock's ticking, Pam. I was waiting on you. (phone ringing) Dr. Yablonski. Michael? No... No, I'm just... I'm surprised to hear from you, that's all. Sure, I can... I can... I can break for lunch. Yeah, okay. Sure, yeah. See you then. Congratulations on Kuol. Yeah. Uh, yeah, it's crazy... the money just appearing like that, right? I know. Guess it goes to show there's still good people out there. Mm-hmm. And look, I hate to follow good news with bad, but we got Nick Geary's lab results back. (wheezing breath) One more. (wheezing breath) (coughs) (sighs) Your liver function studies are spiking. There's also B.U.N. and creatinine abnormalities which suggest kidney dysfunction. Because I fell? No, there has to be an underlying condition. It could be toxic, bacterial, viral. It could be genetic. I'm going to have to ask you some personal questions, though, and Dr. Foster's going to ask your wife the same questions so we can narrow down the field. - Okay. - Okay. Any history of asthma or other respiratory problems? No. In the last five years, have you worked around lead, mercury or arsenic? No, I mostly work from home... when I work. So, no. (Miranda)- I.V. drug use? - No. How about Nick? No. I mean, not that I know of. No, look, Nick and I met over the summer. And a month ago we eloped. It's been a crazy and wonderful roller coaster, but there's a lot about him I still don't know. On a scale of one to ten, describe your stress level. How about 12? I'm a freelance illustrator who can't get work. The woman I just married is the only one bringing home a paycheck, and she's made it abundantly clear how uncool that is. Okay. You know, I'm no one to give advice, but for what it's worth, the early days are the hardest. Everything was perfect, you know? Before we got married. Ever since then it's been nothing but problems. Nick kept telling me he felt under the weather, but I thought he was depressed being out of work. Well, feeling ill can affect a person's behavior. How noticeable would you say the change has been? Well, I know I've been on edge just adjusting to everything. Now he feels like a whole different person. I just wish we knew what was wrong. (siren wailing) (David) I'm cannulating the aorta. See, Pam, all I'm saying is if you marry into John Warren's money, it's easy to commit yourself to charity, right? Tracy Warren was doing this long before he even came into the picture. And by the way, it never occurred to him to do any of it. (David) Clamping portal vein. Good. So, what about you? If money wasn't an issue, would you devote your life to good works like Saint Tracy, or would you sit on a beach all day? You're rich. Marry me and let's find out. I thought that you were immune to my charms, Pam. I am, but I'm not immune to your money. Okay, someone call the pathologist, please. What's wrong? I see a mass here that could be a tumor. This liver may not be viable. Is it time? I'm sorry, there's been a setback. What kind of setback? The liver was bad. It had a malignant tumor. It happens sometimes, Tracy. So the transplant's off? How-How could you make this mistake? There was no mistake. We run tests prior to procurement, but some tumors are detectible only by visual inspection. Hours have been wasted. How do we know we weren't passed over while we were waiting for this bad liver? (Tracy) John... (Jordan) We don't know that. But Tracy has been re-listed. And we wait for another match. (Tracy) We understand. Thank you, Dr. Jordan. Catherine, I want you to check with Pam before you go any further on this. I know what you're going to ask me. Dr. Jordan. Now what? Well, like I said, Tracy's been re-listed. What are the odds that we'll find another donor? I don't make the odds, but her MELD score places her high on the list. Can we approach this another way? Meaning? What if I were to set up a new endowment for Three Rivers? Fund a whole new transplant wing? Tell me what you want and it is yours. Mr. Warren, I know you would spend every penny you have to save your wife. But all that can be done is being done. If I believed that every time I heard it, I would not be where I am today. How much? I'm sorry. This is a situation where money won't solve the problem. (chuckles, mutters) Oh! It's been too long. Oh! It's good to see you, Michael. Come on, come on, have a drink with me. Well, alcohol and surgery don't really mix, you know... Right, the million dollar hands. I knew that the way you used to pick a lock. Yeah. When'd you get out? They paroled me six months ago. You got the checks I sent your lawyer? Hey, med school was supposed to be my gift. No, it was always a loan to me. I needed to pay it back. I know. That's why I let you. And maybe it's a good thing I did, 'cause I took that money, I bought into a car wash. A car wash? A car wash. Legit. - Oh, yeah? - Front to back, I swear. - That's good. - Absolutely. Good for you. God, look at you. Look at you. You know... I can picture the kid that used to break into houses for me. (chuckles) Cleaned up my act a little since then. So have I. This last stretch, man, I'm... I can't go back to prison. Really? It's no place for an old man. I want to... I want to collect my monthlies from the car wash and live like a citizen. And you wanted to see me after all this time to tell me that? Back when you were a kid, it took you getting arrested for me to see that I didn't want that kind of life for you. I gave you money for school, and I cut all ties. 'Cause you were moving someplace great, and I didn't want to get in the way. I'm a different man now. I'm on a better path. You're like a son to me, Andrew. I'd like to earn a place back in your life. What kind of place? I'll take whatever I can get. (cell phone ringing) That's me. Yeah. I, uh, I'm sorry, Michael. I have to go. (chuckles) I know, Doctor. Go. (both laugh) I'll talk to you. (Miranda) Well, it's about time. I was meeting a friend for lunch, sorry. You left the hospital? What's her name? - Whatever. How's Nick? - No change. Let's hope Lagana and Parr have some answers. Hi. Hi. Lagana? Mm-hmm. Dr. Parr. Dr. Lagana. Dr. Parr. Doctor. Wait a minute. Christmas party dancing machine. Remember? How's your knee? We all swore never to speak of that night again. That was epic, dude. Okay... I did a cardiac workup. There was no myopathy or any other congenital condition that would account for what we've seen. Dr. Lagana. (Lagana) His autocrine workup is normal. No diabetes, no thyroid disease, no adrenal insufficiency. What about autoimmune conditions? Nothing so far. (Miranda) Okay, well, Beth said that they camped a lot during the summer. - Did you check for Lyme disease? - Yes. No lupus or rheumatoid arthritis either. And though they denied it in the survey, I ran an STD scan and a hepatitis panel. It was negative, too. Well, his neurological evaluation reveals short-term memory loss and difficulty concentrating. But any number of things could've caused that. Exactly. Now, looking at his cranial MRI, it's clean. No tumors, no aneurysms, EEG normal. Did you test him for meningitis? I did a lumbar puncture, and it came back negative. I don't see a physiological reason for his symptoms. (Miranda) Okay, so if it's not an acute infection, neurological or endocrine dysfunction, then what's next? What about a low-grade chronic infection? Could be a latent virus in the HSV 1 and HSV 2 families. I'll run it. That's a really good idea since it doesn't appear to be anything he picked up. Could be a disease that's been lying in wait. That's right. What are you doing? I made a mistake bringing her to this hospital. Where are you taking her? She's in no condition to travel. Don't worry. I signed her out against medical advice. There's no liability left for you. My concern is for Tracy, Mr. Warren. Mine, too. And you had your chance. (Andy) Hey. Hi. Did you at least have fun on your date? It wasn't a date. - Okay. - Okay. Uh, I hear Nick Geary's cultures are in. Yeah, look at this. He tested positive for cytomegalovirus. - Pretty severe symptoms for CMV, right? - Mm-hmm. But it's very consistent with the disease, so at least it's - something we can treat. - Okay. I'll put him on a course of gamma-globulin, - see if he responds. - Okay. - Thanks, Miranda. - Sure. It's called CMV? That sounds bad. The virus itself is pretty common and for most people, it's, uh, it's asymptomatic. But for some, it can produce the effects that we're seeing in you. So you're not sure if that's what's making me sick. No, I'm not. Maybe we should get a second opinion. Well, that's entirely your right. No, just... just do it. Nicky, it can't hurt to hear what another doctor has to say. It's my decision. Okay? Not yours. Just get the gamma-globu-whatever and let's get started. Okay. (sirens wailing) Okay... (Miranda) What's that? (Nick laughs) If you have to ask, I'm in trouble. (chuckles) Well, look... the good news: that the latest round of LFTs and kidney studies are almost normal. So I guess it was the CMV, huh? Yep. We'll run another culture today just to check your IGM and your IGG antibody counts. But I'm guessing that tomorrow, we can send you home. (chuckles softly) You have permission to be happy about that. (chuckles) No, it's just that every time I talk to Beth, she's short with me. It's no matter what I say Being in here has been an excellent way for us to avoid dealing with our problems. Hmm. Well, all good things must come to an end. Check on you later. All right. (Jordan) Hey, Yusef, you page me? Yeah, I got an ambulance coming in. Paramedics requested an abdominal surgeon be at the ready. It's Tracy Warren. Female, 42. BP 85 palp, pulse 92 and thready. Fever, vomiting, and she's got an infected abdominal incision. (Jordan) On my count. One, two, three. What the hell did you do? How is she? She's septic. We're moving her into ICU after CT scan. What-What does that mean? Her surgical incision is infected. So we're loading her up with antibiotics and looking for signs of rejection. Maybe the scan will tell us more. She's gonna be okay, isn't she? Where did you take her to get that transplant? One of my attorneys referred me to a new transplant facility in Zurich. Switzerland. I couldn't risk waiting here and running out of time. I did what I thought was best. Mr. Warren, I will need the operative and pathology reports, as well as the perioperative course. I'll get you those. Next few hours could go either way. (ringing) Hey, Beth. Anna, w... Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down. Where's Beth? Hey. Hey, Nick. Nick? Nick, Nick, what are you doing? What...? A friend went by the house and found Beth... - unconscious. - Whoa, whoa. She's in an ambulance on the way here. - I got to get down there. - Okay, okay, no you can't, - no you can't, no you can't. - (groans) You need to stay here, all right? - You need to stay here. - Okay. You need to stay here. I'm gonna find out what's going on, but you have to stay here, okay? All right, good. Hi, Beth. Listen, we're gonna get you through this, okay? Okay. Come here. Talk to me. No trauma. She's in respiratory distress and has fever. BP's 80 palp. Must have dropped, 'cause I think that's what knocked her out. She has all the same symptoms as her husband. What's his status? Well, we treated him for CMV, but the chances of the virus impacting them both like this are miniscule. (Yusef) Could it be an infectious agent? We did a thorough workup on infectious diseases. We could've missed something. All right. So, uh, what do you want me to do? We have to play it safe until we know what it is. So I want them both moved to isolation. Okay. So here's Tracy Warren's latest CT scan. That's a lot of necrotic tissue. Mm-hmm. I reached that clinic in Zurich. They refused to let me speak to the surgeon who performed the transplant. That doesn't surprise me. Here. Check this out. She tested positive for a parasite called Clonorchis. And that's what caused the infection. Tracy Warren may have gone to Switzerland for her surgery, but that organ is from China. How can you be sure? Clonorchis is a parasite that's unique to China. And the necrotic tissue, that's another red flag. Why? (David) Indicates a time delay between death and procurement. Why would there be a delay? (Jordan) In China, prisoners are executed and their organs are sold for cash. There's a lag time between when the person's executed and when the organ's removed. In that time, the tissue starts to die off. (David) Mm-hmm. Which explains why the Warrens left Three Rivers. They bought Tracy a new liver. Dr. Jordan, are you sure about this? That Tracy Warren got a liver from China? Yep. We've had cases like this through here before. Then we shouldn't treat her. We might find what she did immoral, but it wasn't illegal. She's a hypocrite. You know what? Our job is to take care of her. I thought she was better than that. (beeping) Kuol, your VAD is working great, and your levels are looking good. We're in the home stretch here, buddy. You just need to play it safe and stay put. I'll do as you ask. But this is a strange feeling. What? I've fought all my life. To survive, to come here and find you, to get on the list. Now I'm on the list. And the problem is? There's nothing left for me to do but wait. (Ryan) Excuse me. Hey. Hey. I have those names you asked for. The names of the donors who contributed to my fund? I would like to thank them all. (Ryan) Well, it's not gonna take you that long. So much money from so few people? The bulk of the money came from an anonymous donor. Someone gave $131,000. Th-That exact amount? What do you know about the donor? Uh, just that he sent the money through a lawyer in Mt. Washington. That's your old neighborhood, right? Yeah. Yeah, it is. (monitor beeping steadily) I think I'm feeling better. I am glad to hear that. But there still is cause for concern. Your CT shows a great deal of necrotic tissue. The colostatic picture shows your bile ducts have ischemic strictures and partial blocking by parasites. I'm gonna put you on a cocktail of Navrigisone, Ilevan... Did you say "parasites"? Yes. It is a problem specific to transplants when the organs come from China. If the drugs don't clear up the blockage, then I will have to operate. But with all the necrotic tissue, surgery is a last resort. All right? All right. Why is she talking about China? What are you not telling me, John? Now's not the time. You need to explain. I acquired your liver through a broker. It was flown in from China. A man was killed so that I could have a liver? I don't know that. I didn't ask questions. I know what they do for organs in China, John; they-they execute prisoners. If someone was gonna die anyway... John! ...I was not gonna stand around and watch your principles kill you. - How could you do this to me?! - Your life needed to be saved, and I found a way to do it. I would do it again. I would do it every time, Tracy! Just... please, just go. Hey, you're up. How you feeling? What happened? You lost consciousness in the house. The doctors still don't know what's wrong. Where are we? We're in isolation. They think we might be contagious. (both laugh) Some honeymoon. Yeah. (both laugh) For you, I went all out. What if we got the worst first? What does that mean? That what we're going through might be as bad as it's ever gonna get. And if we can survive this, we can make it through anything. I know I was a little drunk, but what I said in our vows, I meant every word. Yeah, me, too. (groaning) BP's dropping and her fever's spiking. She's complaining of severe abdominal pain. - Let's do an ultrasound. - Yes, Doctor. (groaning continues) There it is. Debris in the common duct. Page Dr. Lee, have him meet me in the O.R. I'll page him. Her liver function shut down. I need to get in there before the duct tears and we lose the liver and her, too. (groaning) (thud) None of this makes sense, you know? It's hard to believe Beth wouldn't have presented these symptoms earlier. If it's bacterial or an infectious disease, but what if it isn't? What are you thinking? What if it's environmental? Exposure to certain toxins could do it. I'm gonna have the lab run the toxicology and check for trace amounts of PCBs, lead, asbestos. Because the common denominator is the house. He works from home, and he gets more and more sick, but then he comes here and he gets better, but then she gets sick, right? - Right. - Right. Let's hope this address is in the database. We removed the blockage and reconstructed her common duct. She's gonna pull through. Thank you. She's in recovery. Don't you want to be there when she wakes up? I've lost her. And I don't know how to fix it. Mr. Warren, your wife's work is all about giving people in the worst of circumstances a fair chance. I have a feeling she'll do the same for you. Hi. So I guess we're not contagious. You have both been suffering chronic low-level exposure to solvents. Methylamine and benzene, to be specific. How is that possible? Well, the previous tenant in your house was a meth dealer. He came to the ER after he almost blew himself up in his lab, which the police tell us was in your attic. The chemicals used for making meth soak into carpets and drywall, and you guys have been breathing in toxic fumes since you moved in. I'm gonna kill our landlord. (Miranda) We already reported him to the city. But because you were working in the attic, it got to you first, and then eventually, it got to you. Are we gonna be okay? The short answer is yes. We're just gonna adjust your meds, and you should expect a full recovery. (Andy) There is one more thing. The toxic effects are not only physiological, but behavioral. Well, what do you mean? Well, depression, mood swings and irritability, they're all signs of chronic exposure. So the stress and the anxiety... And the fighting. I wouldn't hang it all on the chemicals, but let's just say you haven't exactly been yourselves lately. We'll, uh, we'll leave you to it. So David and I are going out for a drink. You coming? I'll take a rain check. Are you okay? You seem a little off. I just gotta see a guy about a thing, you know? Okay. - See ya tomorrow. - You bet. (monitor beeping) (sighs) (faintly) Hi. (softly) Hi. (sighs) I was so afraid to imagine what my life would be like without you. It's all I could see. I will spend every day from now on, every dollar that I have, trying to make up for what I've done. (Michael) Oi! Welcome back, Yablonski. Get out of my face, Casper. Hey, hey, hey, play nice, boys. Come on. This guy's a walking parole violation. I'd think someone on the straight and narrow would keep better company. He's a douche, but he has his uses. What do you know about a $131,000 donation to a fund for one of my patients? Sounds to me like a Good Samaritan doing a really wonderful thing. That's funny, you know? That's the exact amount of money you gave me for medical school. The exact amount I paid back. It had to be you. The question is, what exactly do you think that money's gonna buy you, Michael? All right. I saw in the paper that your patient needed help. So I helped him because I'm your friend. And I know that if I ever needed your help, you'll be a friend to me. I don't think so. We're blood, Andrew. We're family. We're bound together for all time. (chuckles) Don't think you can just walk away from your Uncle Mike. sync, corrections [HI] elderman addict7ed.com www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 