The Deep End: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Deep End 
 s1e3 - To Have and to Hold - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Deep End (2010): Season 1, Episode 3 - To Have and to Hold - full transcript 
 Addy and Beth are assigned to defend a sexual harassment case in which the accused displays behaviors not quite contrary to the charges. Malcolm is stuck when his son is expelled from school for bringing a weapon on school grounds. Liam continues his pursuit of Beth and asks for help while Cliff pursues his wife and tries to get her to reconsider her decision in expelling him for their home for his infidelity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You can do it. all right. Okay. am I ambitious? That's a waste of a question. we're all ambitious. True. True that. Am I confident? You're stuck-up. I'm not stuck-up! I guess that makes me beth. I am not stuck-up! Oh, you totally blew it. well, I was being attacked. I have the right to defend myself if I'm being attacked. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Please. Okay, okay, okay. Am I sensitive? Yes. I'm dylan. There are sides of me that you haven't seen. Really? like, what? softer ones? Lift up your shirt. you made oppies? Ha ha ha ha. wait, you guys, you guys. That's word processing. the server's still down. Our documents are not gonna be done for tonight. Fun's over. wait. wait, you can't go. We haven't done me yet. Please do me. one more. do me. please. Right. okay. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Am I strong? You're black. good night, everybody. Wait, wait, wait. Hey. what I said earlier about your being "sensitive"... You know I was only kidding, right? Oh, yeah. don't sweat it, man. You know what I really think about you, don't you? Dude, that's very touching. I mean it, mate. Mr. sterling, you're here late. Yes, I was just reviewing a case that might interest you. Are you busy tomorrow? yes, sir. working with you. Ah. Yeah. "hero." Mm. You got to love that priory. Yes, sir. He's a dead man. I met christopher a year a a half ago. He was sweet and handsome and funny. I never spent so much time laughing. We were planning their wedding When he was sent to afgnistan, but -- About six months ago. I'm sorry. And how soon after that Did the government get in touch with you about your visa status? They didn't. I contacted them after I lost my job at socal concrete. And they told me my proxy marriage was invalid. "proxy marriage"? Yeah, it's when the groom is deployed overseas, The couple will get married by signing documents on separate continents. Fairly common practice in the military. You seem to know a lot about it. I was in the corps. Second marines, first battalion. So was there a defect in the proxy-marriage paperwork? No, it's because christopher was killed in combat Before he could return home and consummate the marriage. But you're pregnant. I told immigration the truth. It happened before we were marri They told me that since I lost my work visa, I had to go back to china. But my family is here. my life is here. I want to have my baby here. this is my home. Sterling would be honored to help you. Isn't that right, mr. witt? We always try to do the right thing. A sexual-harassment case -- And we're representing the harasser? Alleged harasser. the client's name is robin reynolds. He is the c.e.o. of american lingerie. The accuser is a mid-level executive, A woman named rhazia kahn, Who claims that reynolds created a hostile work environment With his suggestive comments and lewd behavior. Has her case got any merit? Well, that's we hope to find out. 'cause the two of you are gonna meet him later this afternoon. I guess mr. spock needs us on the bridge. Because of your automatic door. Because it's "whoosh," you know, starship enterprise. Never mind. I just thought I'd say I-i know there's been some awkward moments in the past, But I'm -- I'm really looking forward To working on this with you. Thank you for the obligatory ass-kissing. Hasty departure in 5, 4, 3, 2... How would you respond if I said, "i wanted to snap your whizz strap"? I guess it would depend on inflection. That's one of the things The plaintiff alleges our client said to her. I want to snap your whizz strap. I want to snap your whizz strap. I want to snap your whizz strap. See? I always thought There was something going on between you two. I'm gonna go get my stuff. see you in conference room one. Hey. Listen, the cavanaugh case settled, Which means I have an absolutely free night tonight In the first time in forever. Well, we just got assigned this sexual-harassment case, But we don't have discovery until tomorrow, So, dinner and a movie? Or we skip all that And go straight to the part where I snap your whizz strap. Really? Yeah -- cut to the chase, Burn some calories, burst a few buttons. On second thought, I should probably focus on this cliff thing. Uh...is this 'cause I mentioned the whizz strap, Because I don't even know what that means. You know, susan, I always considered you the lawyer who got away. Coming from you, that's a huge compliment. Mm. did you hear th phil is retiring? Ouch. phil was your closer. Was the toughest lawyer I ever went up against. You're gonna need a new gladiator. Actually, I was hoping you'd take up his sword. Could be a huge opportunity. Instead of controlling A litigation team of 20 at sterling, You'd be top dog on a team of 100. Sterling is my home. You deserve the chance to step out of cliff's shadow. Tom -- Okay, just consider it. You're brilliant, relentless, and you smell like flowers. As lawyers go, it doesn't get any better than that. Can I get you anything else? No, thank you. I'm just savoring my delicious compliment. Emergency? What kind of emergency? what can I do? Normally, I wouldn't bother you with all this, Except for I'm stuck at the van nuys courthouse While the judge reviews my motion. malcolm, don't worry about it. Beth and I are waiting on documents. what do you need? I need you to pick up my brother. What brother? His name's eric. he's 11. You've never mentioned a brother. It's because I don't like talking about it. You can trust me. I know. That's why I calle this is me trusting you. So, can yohelp me? Of course. where am I going? Christopher brundage was clearly planning On a life with mei before he was killed in action. There are letters that indicate his intent, and we have witnesses That will corroborate statements he made to that effect. Further, the united states marine corps Alrey recognizes this marriage. Well, that may be true, mr. sterling, But immigration and customs enforcement Has a different standard. And consummation of the marriage Is pivotal to their recognition of any proxy wedding. She's pregnant with his child. The relationship has been consummated. Well, I'm sorry, but the law sees premarital sex As fornication, not marriage consummation. Your honor, this woman's husband sacrificed his life In service to our country. Now she and her baby Are being forced to leave the land he died for Because some obsolete rule is being broken? How does that make sense? I understand the equities, But I have no choice but to apply the law as written. I'm afraid your client is gonna have to go back to china. Principal chase, I'm addy fisher. I'm a colleague of malcolm bennet's. You should have a fax from him Granting me permission to pick up his brother, eric. You eric? Who are you? I'm addy fisher. What's going on? are you okay? No. he's suspended for bringing a weapon to school. You brought a weapon to school? No! He says he didn't do it. What are you, his lawyer? Actually...sort of. The consummation requirement is patently unfair. I agree, but we are not lawmakers. we're lawyers. Think about how many other families it's affecting. Isn't it our job to get justice for them? Our job is to concentrate on our client -- mei. I still have a few friends in congress. I'm gonna see if one of them might sponsor A private bill recognizing her marriage. That'll take forever. And if mei is sent back to china in the interim, The chinese government will never allow her to return -- Bill or no bill. you're probably right. Which is why you need to find a way to stall that deportation Till congress can act. You know, when I hired rhazia, I thought she was gonna be a great fit here. What do you think of this lace, huh? It's, like, overwhelming, isn't it? Um... um... no, you're right. You're right. less is more. That's it. that's it. great. you're good. Anyway, you were saying that ms. kahn was a good fit. Initially, yeah. then suddenly she was offended by people wearing derwear. This is a lingerie company, for god's sake, so... So you deny her claim that you created a hostile work environment? I happen to pride myself On creating an environment where everybody is happy. The people designing the lingerie, The people wearing the lingerie, And the people drinking it in. What can I say? gina, honey, you make that look great. I totally want to unwrap the package. Mr. reynolds, I'm -- I'm sorry, But that's precisely the kind of comment That could be construed as hostile. Okay, this is a creative workplace. What we're selling is sex. So people need to feel free to express their opinions. If rhaa couldn't handle that, she shouldn't have taken the job. Did she ever make a formal complaint before the lawsuit? Uh, well, she was always kind of a whiner. You're gorgeous, by the way. I can totally see you in this. What size are you? you want to try it on? I'm good. Hey, what's up? Why don't you tell me? U heard about my breakfast with tom lynch. Can't throw a rock in l.a. without hitting a lawyer, susan. If you have a meeting with the senior partner of lynch simon, I'm gonna find out about it. It wasn't a meeting. it was a friendly breakfast. At least that's what I thought until he offered me a job -- One I did not solicit. Did yoturn him down? I haven't... Yet. Hart, you know how I feel about you, But things are really complicated around here For me right now. Cliff. what else? How's that going? Better since he moved into the ritz. Well, this is a conversation better had over martinis. Dinner? I'd love to. I'll set it up. Hey. it's me. Just...checking in. Um, still hoping to see you tonight, even if it's late. So, uh, give me a call when you get this... And I'll talk to you a bit later. Bye...mum. That was mum. No, it wasn't. No. that was a woman. So, um, how's that going for you? Complicated, confusing, frustrating. Those sound like dating adjectives. Are you actually dating someone? Uh, I'm trying t yeah, But every time I suggest a get-together, she gets upset. These "get-togethers" -- You pitching pants-on or pants-off? Pants off. okay. I can't speak for australia, But up here -- you know, above the equator -- Real relationships typically tend to revolve Around a certain strategic lack of nudity. Oh. yes, it's disappointing but unavoidable. You want to be in a relationship? Yes. Come on. Then you're gonna have to court her. Oh, I think it's a little late for that. We've already -- oh, I'm sure you have. But if you want to sustain that, If you want to move past that, Then you're gonna have to listen to her. You're gonna have to care about the things That she cares about - intensely. You're gonna have to draw her in. Yeah, I think that's probably a little old-fashioned, Don't you think? Yeah, if by "old-fashioned", you mean mature and evolved And vastly superior to your current strategy. Ttouché. Merci. Hey, kiddo. sorry I wasn't there. It's okay. I can't believe you got suspended. What is this about you bringing a weapon to school? It was my cub scout knife, fork, and spoon set. And I'm not suspended yet. addy talked to the principal. Addy spoke to the principal about your suspension? Not just spoke to her. what do you mean? She threw down her card, said she was my lawyer. It was like that time I got beat up by alex carey And mom went over to his house -- listen, I'm gonna be right back, okay? I spoke with congressman korsh, And he's happy to sponsor the private bill. But he estimates that it could take up to six months To get the I's dotted and the t's crossed. I think I may have figured out a way to buy us some time. I'm listening. We argue for the citizenship rights of mei's baby. An as-yet-unborn american citizen? His father is a citizen. I'd argue that the baby has presumptive civil rights Which will be violated If his mother is removed from u.s. soil. Well, that's a stretch. Well, then, go prep our clients. An elastic argument is better than no argument at all. Addy, can I talk to you for a moment? Yeah. I'll talk to you later. Hey. did you find eric? he's in your office. Yes, he told me you spoke to the principal. Yeah. this cub scout-set thing is pretty ridiculous. They're trying to say it was a weapon. Oh. yeah, I didn't ask you to do that, though. It was nothing. I just -- I really appreciate you picking up eric, But he's my responsibility. yeah, I know that. And I'm completely capable of handling the principal on my own. I never said that you weren't. All I did was ask her to meet with you Before she handed out a suspension. You know what? I was trying to be helpful. Next time, I won't bother. Mr. hewitt... How did you know? how did I know what? Immigration has a plane leaving for nanjing tomorrow. They told me that I would have to be on it. Excuse me, sorry. Judge hernandez... yes? Judge hernandez... yes? Mei brundage's unborn child is a u.s. citizen, your honor. He can't be deported. no court has ever recognized A fetus' standing for citizenship. True, but mei is eight months pregnant. The baby is totally viable, and, under criminal law, He would already be considered an individual. If, god forbid, mei were murdered, Her assailant would be tried For the death of both her and the baby. Sounds to me like You're trying to bootstrap the criminal standard Into an immigration case. Your honor, china is a totalitarian state. To deport a baby there is a complete deprivation Of freedom without due process. That -- that's a violation of the eighth amendment. I doubt this is going to hold up on appeal, But I will grant you a temporary restraining order To keep your client here until she delivers her child. She's gonna be deported in less than 24 hours. Counselor, I'm writing as fast as I can. We can definitely argue That american lingerie is a creative workplace. Right. and in that, their employees should be held To a different standard of behavior. Fascinating. please, continue. Okay. But he said some things in front of us That were questionable, even in that context. Did that upset you? a little. Well, let's just take a moment and discuss how you feel. Okay, what's wrong with you? Nothing. I'm just interested... ...in... ...my sandwich, Which is bologna, but it's really extraordinary. Ms. branford and ms. fisher, These packages arrived for you, courtesy of robin reynolds. Oh, my god. Um, how inappropriate. I mean, what is this? Well, that's a mistress costume. Now, what -- what message do you think this is sending? "i want to snap your whizz strap." Well, I would want to snap my whizz strap, too, in this. I want to snap your whizz strap. mmm. Oh, how badly do you want to snap my whizz strap? I've got to go. Hmm. I like it. I like this. I like it. Hey! Hey, looking for you. The courting -- it's not working. What do you mean it's not working? I tried being interested in her. I tried asking her questions. And then I spoke about my sandwich. I seemed impaired -- possibly creepy. Ugh. you are gonna die alone. You know, for my mentor, You're kind of heavy on criticism and light on advice. Okay, my subtlety's not working. So here's your action plan. Yes? obtain the following -- Flowers from apropos on rodeo drive. yes. Truffles from malibu chocolates. check. And something distinctive from your country of origin. righty-o. I give those to her? yep! Liam... you can do this. Beneath this smoking hunk of horse-thief Beats the heart of a poet -- I just know it. You really mean that? In the most un-gay way possible. I will take that. You wanted to see me? Oh, yeah. You left this at the house. My dad's watch. Twist-o-flex. Very thoughtful. I knew you'd want it, so... What I want is to come home. Bet the watch feels the same way. Well, I need more time. How much longer you gonna leave me Hanging out here in the frozen wilderness? I mean, I've been patient. Patient? You had an affair with our head paralegal. Do you really think You're doing me any kind of favor by staying in a hotel? I'm doing you a favor by not filing for a divorce. Well, thanks for the keepsake. Mei... we got a restraining order. You're not being deported tomorrow. Oh, thank goodness. Thank you, mr. hewitt. When can she go home? Are you okay? Yes, I'm fine. The doctor told her to avoid stress. This is all starting to be too much for her. Baby's coming. I'm sorry? The baby is coming. Oh, boy. call an ambulance. Wow. congratulations. Hey. This is christopher. He was born in america. very lucky. Does this mean mei will have to go back to china? I'm gonna do everything I can to keep her here. But the restraining order Was issued to keep the baby in the country. And now that he's been born, it's void. Immigration can deport mei without him. but she's his mother. The government separates noncitizen parents From their citizen children all the time. But don't give up. We haven't. I already lost my son. now they're gonna take mei? No crying, no. Mother, look -- 10 fingers, 10 toes. 20 blessings. Mr. bennet, I know it may seem frivolous, But school violence is on the rise. We can't be too careful. So we have a zero-tolerance policy for weapons. I understand. absolutely. But it's not like eric brought a switchblade to school. He won a prize for having the most merit badges. He was showing his friends. I'm afraid my hands are tied. well, untie them. Eric is not a juvenile delinquent or a member Of the trench-coat mafia planning a shooting spree. He brought his cub scout prize to school. Mr. bennet, I like eric. I know it's frustrating. Then why are you doing this? Eric is a good kid, and you know what he's been through. I'm sorry, but suspension would be terrible for him. But we're trying to keep kids safe. We're not making any exceptions. Good day. I worked for mr. reynolds for two years. At first, it wasn't too bad. A double entendre here and there. Ms. kahn, you went to work for a lingerie-design company. Didn't you know what you were signing up for? I knew there would be models in their underwear, yes. But I didn't expect the lewd comments. And the intensity of the harassment Increased the longer I was there. When you say "harassment," are you referring To any kind of sexual overtures from mr. reynolds? Not directly, but he knew I didn't like the suggestive language. Did he ever coerce you into participating In anything that made you feel uncomfortable By threatening to fire or, say, demote you? Not exactly. But he crossed the line. I don't know how else to describe it. I'm a professional woman. I'm good at my job. It's like he -- he was trying to undermine that. He tried to make me feel small. But you were never threatened or coerced? No, guess not. Hello, everyone. The administrative-law judge wasn't willing to issue An ex-parte order relating to your deportation. So I have to go. Then I'd like you to help With the adoption. adoption? Life in china will be hard. I want better for christopher. My baby's father fought and died for america. He deserves to grow up here with you. Is this really what you want? I want what's best for my child. Great job in there with that loony tune. Ms. kahn obviously fls victimized, But this type of sexual-harassment claim Usuallrequires some proof of coercion or retaliation. She has neither. Well, that's because I didn't sexually harass her. She went the lawsuit route Because she couldn't make it in business. Before you know it, she's gonna be just another washout On the mommy track, squeezing out kids And bitching about her soppy life, you know? And blaming me for all her failures. It's typical. Not like you ladies. You ladies are smart... and sexy. Mr. reynolds... Ah. How we doing? we just finished the deposition, And your first-years just throttled my former employee. That's what we pay them for. Thank you again, my lovely ladies. Walk me out. It'd be a pleasure. Do you feel super dirty right now? There's not enough hand sanitizer in the world To make me feel clean. Excuse me. excuse me. Dr. felden? yes. Hi, I'm dylan hewitt, mei brundage's attorney. She's waived privilege. I'm looking for absolutely anything I can use To keep her in the country. Ah, mei's situation is heartbreaking. how can I help? Are there any medical reasons She or the baby can't travel? No, mei's perfectly healthy now and so is the baby. They're scheduled to be released tomorrow. What do you mean, "now"? She had placenta previa. I advised her to take a couple of weeks off work. Do you know if she followed your advice? I assume so. her employer called to verify diagnosis. Really? How long was this before she was let go? They fired her about a month later. They also asked a number of questions About potential complications. Sounds like they were fishing. Smaller companies get afraid Of the expense of complicated pregnancies. So maybe they ought it was gonna get more expensive And let her go. they'd have to know It's not legal to terminate a woman for being pregnant. Yeah, but if you wanted her gone, You'd manufacture some other reason to let her go. I'm guessing that's exactly what socal did. What's all this? Flowers... ...chocolates, and a tiny kangaroo. Looks like someone likes you. Someone like likes you. someone australian. It's really sweet. look at his little ears. It's not sweet. it's clueless and lazy. So, I was just in my office. was all that you? Do you mean the flowers from apropos, The truffles from malibu chocolates, and -- And the stuffed kangaroo. It's a wallaby. They're macropods, also, but they're cuter than kangaroos. I'm courting you. great, huh? Well, first of all, I'm allergic to lilies. Secondly, I'm going to eat every single one of those truffles, And finally -- a stuffed kangaroo? Wallaby. look, I'm just trying to smooth things over. I mean, you didn't want to see me the other night. Do you know why I didn't want to see you? no. Because you don't want to talk to me. you don't want to go out with me. You just want to go to various different locations and have sex with me. That's your idea of a relationship. And no amount of awesome swag could convince me otherwise. Uh, I think you'll find that's a lot of people's idea Of a pretty good relationship! Didn't go down so well, huh, buddy? That was more about me than you. We think socal concrete Fired you because you were pregnant. They said they fired me because my work had slipped. I subpoenaed your employee records. There was nothing in your file to support that, Which means we can sue for wrongful termination. But I did miss a lot of work. You can't be fired for prenatal care. That's discrimination. What if we win the suit? we get mei her job back And her work visa will be restated. So she has to rely on her work visa forever? Well, the visa will keep her in the country long enough To get the private bill through congress. Once it passes, the road to citizenship opens up. It's another stall tactic, but I think it may work. Hey. Oh, hey. Uh, listen... yeah. About yesterday... I'm sorry. I, um, you know, I should have been less of a jackass. You did a nice thing for me. Apology accepted. Yeah, I just, uh... You know, with eric -- I'm still figuring out how to do it. I can't imagine what it's like.yeah. Um... You know, and... This is really the first big thing I've had to deal with Since our parents died. And, you know, when he told me how you stepped in, It just really reminded me of how i... ...feel totally overmatched And how my folks would have handled it so much better. no. They wouldn't have handled it better. Maybe they would have handled it differently. He's getting kicked out for having a cub scout prize. They're calling it a knife, And they're saying they have a zero-tolerance policy. Now, I really tried to reason with these people. Eric told me that his cub scouts meet at the school. Yeah, in the gym. so? Powell vs. bunn. Activities that take place at the school Are considered approved by the school. Because the cub scouts meet in the gym, The school sanctions their activities. Including the contest where eric won his camp set. T-they're trying to punish him For something they themselves caused. And they can't do that, can they? No, they can't. Seriously? your secretary said -- Shh. this is stress relief. I'm on a mini vacation. I'm in maui in my mind. Now... what can I do for you? You say court beth, so I do. I buy her flowers, chocolates, an awesome wallaby, And all she can say is I just want to have sex with her. Beth? did I say "beth"? You never told me it was beth. No. I didn't. Because nobody knows because we're not telling anyone. Except addy. and now you. So, please don't tell anyone else. well, if I had known it was beth, I never would have suggested the standard candy and flowers. Regardless, it's never a good idea To give a woman a kangaroo. wallaby. Tiny kangaroo. cuter than kangaroos. Do you just want to have sex with beth? no. I mean yes, but not just, no. Liam, beth is a highly complex and intelligent woman. Men, I suspect, have always been a disappointment to her. Great. it is great. you know why? It's great because you get to be the man To reveal all the others to be pale imitations. You get to give her what no man has ever given her before -- The real you. So... Naked me. I mean, inside naked me. You see? I knew it. Soul of a poet. Ooh, look -- here come my imaginary piña coladas! Thank you very much, randall. good to see you, my friend. Please bring another one For my newly enlhtened young colleague. Mmm! That hit the sweet spot. Yessiree. So, the good news is,k Looks like we're gonna win the sexual-harassment case. That is very good news. Do we need the bad news? What? Nothing. really, it... It's just -- Okay, do not -- coy. please, okay? I just can't stand coy. Reynolds made an offensive remark About the "typical" conduct of his female executives. I know -- it's not actionable. But it made us think. If he's willing to say something like that to us, It might be his operating principle. That is a stretch. Which is why we checked into exactly how many women Hold senior-management positions at american lingerie. Exactly none. Every woman at a v.p. level -- who logically would be In the pipeline for senior-management positions -- Quit 18 months to 3 years after arriving. Not dispositive. The fashion industry has a very high turnover rate. Yes, but the departure rate at american lingerie Is much higher than the average of similar businesses. And the same is not true for their male executives. In their h.r. departure interviews, Although none of the women cited sexual harassment, Almost all of them mentioned that the climate At american lingerie didn't suit them. All right, so, your theory is Although he may not be technically guilty Of sexually harassing anyone, He has built a bulletproof glass ceiling? It's more than a theory. all the data points to the fact That he's been sexually discriminating Against his female employees for years. And reynolds is so powerful in the fashion community That none of these women want to step forward. They're afraid of being blackballed. So, what are we gonna do? You're not gonna do anything. I don't want to fight. I'm not here to fight. I'm... Here to ask you a favor. Oh. Need help on the reynolds case. The sexual-harassment suit? I'm aware of the irony. It appears that the problem runs deeper Than one sexual-harassment claim. His problem is systemic, it's widespread, And I'm absolutely certain he has no idea how to fix it. But, cliff, why are you coming to me? Considering what has recently transpired, I kind of feel a little oily going to a client And telling a leopard to change his spots. So this isn't about you weaseling out Of an uncomfortable conversation. It's about me making the most of a teachable moment? Branford and fisher are good lawyers, but they're green. This won't be their last unsavory client. And I can't think of anyone better To show them what digni looks like. All right. I'll help you. For branford and fisher. I'll take what I can get. The choice is very simple, mr. sanville. Socal either gives our client her job back, Or we will hit you with a class-action discrimination lawsuit. There is no discrimination here. Your client's work wasn't up to snuff. Interesting theory -- Except none of your records support that. Also, someone from your office Called her doctor, asking about her pregnancy. If you had any kind of case, you'd push to go before a jury. You'd try for a big payout. Fortunately for you, cash is not the motive here. We're interested in settling quickly To avoid separating a mother from her child. But, if socal would prefer, we're more than happy to parade A dozen sympathetic young mothers in front of a jury. Can they do that? I assure you that's exactly what we'll do. We'll pull out all the stops, mr. sanville, And socal will be forced to pay millions in damages To the pregnant women you've fired. Or you can rehire mei. it's up to you. Susan. ah. Ravishing, as always. Ladies, it's a pleasure to see you both again. Oh. oh, here. open it. it's for you. Just a little victory gift. Cliff is gonna thank me. Okay. You're going to settle this suit. What? those two said that she had no claim. For sexual harassment? no. We believe ms. kahn was having an emotional response To the corporate culture you've created. Bottom line -- you're guilty Of consistent and sustained sexual discrimination. What? wait, rhazia said this? Not yet, no. then -- Robin, you need her to go away happy. If she figures out what you've been doing And makes a stink about it, she could destroy American lingerie and you personally. This is ridiculous. I've never intended to keep any of the women in my company down. Well, your actual intentions Are a matter for you and your therapist. However, as proven by this Incredibly inappropriate gift to me, Your pattern of conduct will be clear to any court of law. So you're going to settle, you're going to change, And you're going to stop sending underwear to my lawyers, Because while it may not be actionable, It's ugly -- and obvious. You are my hero. Hey, I heard the sexual-harassment case got settled. Yeah, thanks to susan. that woman is amazing. One day, I will have her mad skills. You got some pretty mad skills of your own. Powell vs. bunn? It worked? they're not gonna suspend eric? He's not. thank you, addy. I'm just so happy they lifted the suspension 'cause he's really an awesome kid. Me too. he is. What's wrong? What if I'm not enough? I mean, I know how to be a brother. I just don't know how to be a guardian. With everything you two have been through, I think you're doing it. and I think he thinks so, too. Yeah? Except for the cooking. I thk he thinks you suck at cooking. He did not play the "poor me, malcolm doesn't feed me" card? That kid loves cereal for dinner. Yeah. I think he's just being nice. Well, why don't you come by tonight, And we'll cook you dinner to thank you? I don't know. I swear -- nothing with a prize in it. That guy was always such a jackass. I hope you set him on the right path. I threw a body stocking at him. It was very gratifying. So, uh... This job offer -- Oh, come on, hart. I didn't go looking for it. I'm sure you didn't. But come on, let's be honest now. It's different this time, right? You're actually considering it -- And partly because of the situation with cliff. It's hard for me around here, okay? What do you want me to do? Just let it slide? no, no, no. I don't know what to tell you to do. Um...b I will say that i-i think he's trying. I mean, bringing you this reynolds thing -- To be honest, when he started to talk to me About the problems at arican lingerie, I didn't know if he was talking about the case or himself. Yeah, that's cliff. But I do think you need to air it out, susan. Talk to him. Then you'll know whether you're gonna leave him Or -- or forgive him or whatever you decide. And you'll know that you stood in there, And you took a full swing at it. D, I love it when you start with the baseball metaphors. I'm so sorry. Look, bottom line is, If you don't confront it, it's not fair to him. Okay, you're not being fair to yourself. And as mercenary as it sounds, You're not being fair to the firm. Hi. hey. I made lasagna. We're supposed to make you dinner. Does that involve a box, a can, or ordering in? What kind of lasagna? Addy? eric! Something smells good. Here, put this in the oven for a little bit. 350 degrees. We get to use the oven? awesome. So... You invited me over. you gonna invite me in? He just eats and eats. He takes after his father. The doctor says we can leave in the morning. Well, it'll be a short trip for both of you. Socal settled. they agreed to our terms. You can stay in america. Honey, that's great. You'll be employed by cal till the private bill passes. Shouldn't take more than six months. I don't know what to say, but thank you. Oh, well, make sure you thank this young man. He did all the work. you kept our family together. Thank you. you're welcome. Mr. hewitt, would you like to hold christopher? Wow. Nicely done. Hello, buddy. Hey, I'm glad you're still here. Uh, there's something I wanted to share with you. Let me guess. it's either a boomerang or a vegemite sandwich. No, no. it's...different. Look, I'm a guy. And as such, my love of sex Sometimes gets in the way of, let's say, everything. But the thing is, I really care about you -- The real you. The naked inside you. Okay. still listening. I wrote you a poem. Oh, god, no. no poems. then I set it to music. Oh, god. It's all right. just go with it. Where I come from, The water swirls the wrong way down the loo. The men are brave and seldom shave. The women never do. From this strange and sun-scorched land, I sojourned to l.a. Stranger still, I meet a girl who takes my breath away. And instantly, I know she's worth Each risk that lies ahead. Her calm and comfort coming to my frightened foreign bed. I'm full of pain and full of faults. We know this to be true. But all that's brute and odd in me Is redeemed in you. Sync by YYeTS.net Transcript by Addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 