The Deep End: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Deep End 
 s1e4 - Nothing Personal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Deep End (2010): Season 1, Episode 4 - Nothing Personal - full transcript 
 When a promising female tennis star loses her scholarship, Susan gives Beth and Dylan the challenging pro-bono case -- which questions the player's personal identity -- while Liam and Malcolm are pitted against each other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.Com -- This is liam's desk. I trust things are going well With the beautiful miss branford. Sure. "sure"? Well, that's a flaccid response When you're in a relationship with a woman Who will send you something as saucy as this. I long for the taste of you. Your strong hands caressing my..." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that... That is... Titillating, isn't it? What do I do? What should you -- Go find her! Tout de suite! Tout de suite. No, I can't. I got the -- Liam, beth is offering you spontaneity, possibility... Passion! Now, you turn down her overtures, And you will make her feel insecure, unattractive. Your romance is growing... ... like a flower. Do you want to kill the pretty flower? No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I want to... Water the flower. Then don't be tardy to the party. The Deep End 1x04 Nothing Personal Original Air Date on February 11, 2010 A friend of mine from law school Asked me to look into ts case for her. Here you go. She practices in chicago, And her god-daughter attends westminster university here in l.A. Evidently, she's been stripped of her tennis scholarship After a recent match. They've accused her of cheating. Do we know the specific allegations? The school won't elaborate on the details, citing privacy issues. But if the accusatns are true, the school might be Well within their rights to revoke her scholarship. My friend has assured me that hannah would never cheat. So what do you want us to do? Handle it. I've agreed to give them a break on the billables, So I'm gonna need associates working on this Rather than a name partner. Great. Great. So, should we... Contact the client? Interview the university? Sprint from my office and get to work immediately? Great idea. We're burning daylight. hello. We are at work. Discretion, remember? What's up? Oh, not much. I thought we might just go and... I am making copies! Why -- why would you say that to me while I'm making copies? Your note said you wanted me to speak dirty, So let's start with a little bit of... "I long for the taste of..." "strong hands caressing my..." "supple"? You really think I would use the word "supple"? I'll admit I was surprised at first, But you do have a very extensive vocabulary. Who sent this to you? You did. You didn't, and you're not happy. Why would I not be happy? The guy I am seeing is getting x-rated notes From some woman in the office. I am so happy That if I didn't have a client whose life was exploding, I would That's not sexy. That's terrifying. No, I'm not prying. Susan informed me of your indiscretion In the strictest confidence. That is incredibly comforting. Her intention was, as always, to protect this firm. Her intention is to punish me. Come on, clifford. Can you blame her? Not only did you expose us To potentially embarrassing litigation, You also betrayed One of the most beautiful and intelligent women I know. I'm glad you're so enamored with my wife, But this is between me and her. Well, unfortunately, it's not. That's what I came here to tell you. I want you to go on record Regarding your relationship with katie campbell. Why? Has she filed a sexual-harassment suit? No, not yet. But in case she does, I want us to be bulletproof, Which means we paper our side of it in detail. Come on, now. Tell me the truth. You act like you're protecting the firm, But really this is about seeing me humiliated. Actually, I am just trying to protect the firm. Your humiliation? Just an unexpected dividend. Think about what you're gonna say. Okay. Oh, and by the way... Yeah. I just accepted a case Referred by the pro bono committee of the l.A. City bar. Of course you have. Nobody else would take it, so I volunteered. Oh, yeah. Zero cash flow in exchange for a ton of man hours? that's... We have the resources, cliff! Enjoy picking my pocket while you still got the chance! So, why do you think Your scholarship was taken away from you? I don't know why my scholarship was taken away. I still say it's the cindy thing. I'm sorry. What is "the cindy thing"? Cindy strecker. She was the number-one player Until I beat her out two weeks ago. She was pretty pissed. Well, the school is saying That you committed a code-of-conduct violation. Do you think this girl's accusing you of cheating? we never really got along. And this is the only communication You've had from the administration? I live for the team, And they didn't even have the decency To confront me to my face. My parents -- They can't afford westminster. If I lose my scholarship... I'll have to drop out. I know this is a really hard time, But...Try not to worry, okay? We're going to do everything we can. The thing is, beth -- Beth, the thing is... It was wrong of me to assume That you wrote that fantastically sexy mash note. God, why is this apology turning me off? Talking to your tea bag? Yeah, you've tipped over, dude. Me? No worries, mate. I'm fine. Ah, really? You don't seem fine. No, I'm -- I'm in court today. I'm just practicing my argument, seeing if it holds water. You look a little tired, though. Your eyes are all puffy. Yeah, well, heavy case load. But that's how I stay head and shoulders Above the rest, my friend. Yeah, what are you, about -- about 6'1"? Try 6'3". Oh, come, come. I'm 6'2". Which is shorter than'3". I don't think you're a whole inch taller than I am. No. What? No. Three is more than two. What do you got? What do you got? Let's make it interesting. Okay, come on. Oh, please. It's not about the shoulder pads. It's about the head. Turn around. I know that first-year associates are competitive, but... Actually measuring each other? I suppose I should be glad your belts are still buckled. Gentlemen, do you remember that big train wreck in san dimas? The engineer fell asleep at the controls, Derailed a 26-car freight train? No casualties, Millions in property damage and lost cargo. That's the one. We now represent that engineer. He's facing numerous criminal charges And 25 years to life. Didn't the guy have drugs in his system? Yes, he did. But he swears there's an explanation. He is also a single dad with no criminal record And no history of work-related accidents. Which makes this whole thing smell to me like an aberration. If he is assigned a public defender, He's toast. So, what I'm looking for is a broad-shouldered young hero Who will step up and help this poor soul. Ah ah ah. Which one of you is taller? The westminster board decided it would be In the best interests of miss mayfield And the college to keep a lid on this matter Until the charges were either proved or disproved. How can we disprove anything? We don't even know what the charges are. Do you have a factual basis for the revocation, Or are you solely acting on rumor and speculation? A steroid accusation was made. So we decided we had to investigate. We tested her blood sample that she was required to give At the start of the season. And did hannah's blood sample come back positive For any illicit substances? No. But it did yield a surprising result -- One that led us to request An extensive chromosome analysis. Chromosome analysis? What for? We believe hannah mayfield is actually a man. Your Honor, this is clearly a Constitutional issue. The fact that they used our client's blood To determine gender without her permission Violates both her rights to privacy And bodily integrity. College and university appeal boards Are not subject to the same standards Of due process as the courts. Moreover, all scholarship recipients Are bound to comply with any testing deemed necessary By the college's medical advisory. Even so, you Honor the blood test the used Is by no means a dispositive indication of gender. The "y" chromosome, Originally thought to be found only in men, Is actually present in about 7,500 women In the United States alone. On the constitutional issues, I have to side with mr. Levin. Your client waived her rights When she signed those scholarship papers. However, I don't see that westminster college Has proved that miss mayfield can be considered, Genetically or otherwise, a man. I therefore grant the injunction And order that her scholarship be reinstated. Miss fisher? Yeah. Ooh! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. Um...This is not recreational. I have weak core muscles. I was just trying to... ... squeeze in a little exercise. I have an assignment that requires the utmost discretion. Discretion is my middle name. No doubt you've heard the rumors Regarding the sudden departure of katie campbell. I heard she got a promotion. Yes. Yes, e did. After she had an affair with cliff. Wow. I so did not want to know that. In order to guard against potential fallout litigation, I want you to interview cliff -- As soon as possible. Me? Yes. Cliff. Really? Susan recommended you. She said that your work on the asbestos case... Was exceptional. So she knows about all of this. For obvious reasons, she's taken herself out of the loop. Okay. Okay? Okay. Okay. Uh, remember, rule number one -- Discretion. All right. Oh, my god. I'm dead. I must have dozed off and missed the track change. Next thing I knew, the train crumpled Like a stack of dixie cups. I'm just thankful no one got hurt. And you admitted to taking your son's Adhd medication to stay awake. The only reason I took them was because I had been working Two weeks straight. I had no idea the hyperactivity meds Would make me fall asleep. Why didn't you just ask your supervisor for the day off? DNT rail laid off 40% of their employees 6 months ago Due to the economy. The guys who made the cut Were told to pick up the slack or else. Did management actually say that? Not in so many words, But, uh, the general attitude was "do whatever it takes to get the job done." And there's other employees on the job Taking drugs to stay awake? A lot of us were, yes. Look, I'm not gonna sugarcoat this. You're in a tough spot. Mr. Bennet... Please. I know what I did was wrong. I'll do anything to make restitution. But my, uh... But my son... I'm all he's got. I can't let him end up in foster care. I'll do my best, mr. Shea. Mind if I pick your brain? That would be a very long and sordid enterprise. I'm just wondering, If you had to question someone scary -- I mean really scary -- How might you approach that? You talking about cliff? I didn't -- how did you... Know that? It's all right. I always know everything first. Please feel free to spread that around. Look, when it comes to questioning cliff... I don't think I can do it. Yes, you can! Now, listen, you're smart, you're capable, And you're too little to hit. Listen... The truth is, you're the one who can walk the tightrope. Okay, so what's your plan? I am going to bake him a cake. Cake? Yeah. Sweetheart, you might want to think that through. Well, I did. I'm an exceptionally good baker. And my cakes are irresistible. Plus, it will put him at ease. And let's be honest -- When is offering someone dessert ever a bad idea? You think the prince of darkness likes sprinkles? Uh, I-I'm not sure, but, uh, good luck with that. Thank you, guys, so much for everything. Yeah. You guys were great in there. We're just glad it all worked out. Congratulations on your victory, However short-lived. What are you talking about? Well, now that miss mayfield is once again subject To the westminster college code of conduct, We must verify that she's in full compliance Of all the terms and conditions of her scholarship. Uh, this is a formal written demand That your client submit to a gender-verification test. Excuse me. Why are you pressing this so forcefully? This is a sponsored scholarship intended for a woman. Some of the board members have expressed discomfort At her status. They say it tarnishes our sports program. So a gender test. What if we refuse? Then miss mayfield forfeits her scholarship. Believe me, it's nothing personal. Yeah? Rachel esposito? I'm malcolm bennet From sterling huddle oppenheim & craft. I'm here to discuss douglas shea, The engineer who crashed the train. Uh, come in, mr. Bennet. "malcolm," please. Well, malcolm, I have half an hour and a sandwich, So, if we could speed this along? Absolutely. My client admitted culpability, He expressed public remorse, He has no prior convictions, And, what's more, he's a single dad Trying to raise his 8-year-old son. So what do you say to time served, Plus probation? I say, "dream on." What, did you think you could just waltz in here, Flash that smile, and attempt to dictate terms to me? I'm not attempting a-any such thing. I'm just trying to let you know that my client -- Your client wrecked a cargo train... That caused millions in damage. People could have been hurt. This case was headline news. There's no way I'm gonna have my name associated With some sweetheart deal. Is that what you're really concerned with, rachel? Your image? I'm a public servant, malcolm. I represent the people. And in this case, the people want justice. This is me... Eating lunch... Alone. Mm. "nothing personal"?! How can you say it's nothing personal? This couldn't be more personal. Unfortunately, according to the terms and conditions Of your scholarship, they're completely within their rights. What up, "crying game"? What the hell is wrong with you?! Young man: I'm not the one that did it! Did what? Dylan. Look at this. Oh, my god. Hannah? What those students did to Hannah Qualifies as a hate crime. Yes, and the school said they would investigate. But you can't go slam a guy up against a wall. I'm sorry, but -- Look, growing up, my dad wasn't around. So I get leaned on a lot. Suffice it to say, I don't like bullies. I went to an all-girls school. and it was "lord of the flies." And, to be honest, I was kind of a bully. A world-class mean girl. Mm. Thankfully, I've grown out of that. okay, I'm a work in progress. Hey! Drop the forks! I need that cake for professional reasons. What have you done?! This was going to be my opening gambit. What opening gambit? You know what? It...Doesn't matter. Next time, respect the sticky. Okay? Who leaves a sticky? Mr. Bennet. How's it going with your engineer case? Good. I, um, ran into a minor speed bump With the d.A., but...I'm working on it. Mr. Priory has come to your aid with a brilliant maneuver. Basically, we will attack on two fronts -- Both criminal and civil. Since your case seemed a little thin to begin with, I thought I'd do some research, Help you out. I concluded that we can file a civil suit against dnt rail For violating state and federal law By creating an unsafe work environment In violation of osha -- The occupational safety and health-- I know what osha means. Oh, good. Introducing a civil lawsuit Is certain to draw even more media attention, Given the already heated sittion. Which might influence the jury pool Before your criminal trial even begins. Not to mention that the burden of proof Is less on the civil side. And if we win, you can use it at trial. Sounds a little desperate to me. I prefer to think of it as...Unorthodox. Which is precisely why I like it. Mr. Priory, you will head up the civil claim While mr. Bennet continues the criminal case. Keep each other apprised, gentlemen. Remember, we are all after the same thing. Who's taller now? Excuse me, mr. Huddle? Sorry to bother you. I was hoping we could schedule a time For me to ask you some questions? Close the door. So you're hart's grand inquisitor. I made you cake. No utensil? Excuse me? You baked me a cake, presumably so I may eat it. But you failed to bring me a fork. Oh. Um, should I go -- No. Might as well get this over with, huh? Go ahead. Mnh-mnh. You're not gonna tape this. Oh, then, how do I... Take notes! Okay. When did you first meet katie campbell? I have no idea. Was it perhaps January 3rd of last year? That's when you first interviewed her. Let's just say that, then. Okay, so, how long after that first interview Did your... Um... Intimate interaction begin? My intimate interaction? Please, I'm trying here. An approximation would be fine. One month? Two months? I really don't remember. Mr. Huddle, I've been charged by a senior partner of this firm To take your statement. And according to the articles of partnership, You are obliged to answer my questions As truthfully as possible. Good. At least you're earning your salary... For as long as that lasts. Sit down. Go ahead. To answer your question, Katie and I have been having "intimate interactions"... For the last four or five months. Oh. What? Nothing. No, you said something. You said, "oh." "oh" means something. What? I'm sorry, it's just, anything over three months Has to be considered a relationship, Not an affair. Citing what legal precedent? Oh, I wasn't speaking as a lawyer. I was speaking as a woman. All right. Wait a minute. Um... You're saying, as a woman, You would find it harder to forgive Your partner's indiscretion If it lasted four months rather than three? Anything over three months is more than a fling. There were feelings there. Unless you're not a feelings guy. Mm. What up, player? Gonna eat your heart. Grouchy is not a good color on you, broheim. Oh! I'm sorry, rowdy. I'm sorry, too. For what? For whatever's going on between you and liam And your... Private little thang. How do you do that? Instinct. So? Well, he got this note, this steamy come-on, And he thought it was from me. It wasn't? No! He's been with a lot of women. Well... Okay? You know, I He's -- he's He's catnip. That lad is like catnip for women. Exactly. And I can't help it. It makes me feel scared and exposed and insecure, Like nothing I am Or could ever be Will be fresh and new, because there's always -- Why am I telling you this here in the hall?! Because -- because somewhere deep down inside of you, You understand that I am an instinctual emotional genius, Capable of solving even the thorniest Of romantic problems. Now, what can I do for you? Nothing. Stay out of it. I want a boyfriend w can fix his own problems In a relationship. Otherwise, what's the point of having one? That is a very smart young woman in a very tight skirt. See you found my lunchtime getaway spot. Your spot? The building manager told me He put this hoop up here for his kids. Yeah, but I pay them 20 bucks to get an hour to myself every day. That's cool. If you're embarrassed by your game, I can go. "embarrassed." ugh. Hardly. Let me ask you a question. Why did you feel obliged to horn in on my case? I'm not horning in on your case. I'm trying to generate an alternative cause of action For the sake of the client. Which will make you look really good in front of hart. Look... I suggest, for the good of the client, That we put our competition aside And work together. I got no problem teaming up. Just got a problem with show-offs. You know, guys who are only out to impress the boss? Because...If you screw up your case, You could screw up my case. And I'm not about to let that happen. Well, I see two flaws in your argument -- One... I'm not a show-off. And two... You got no idea who you're dealing with. Neither do you. That was a travel. The test results are back. Of the five experts, two concluded you were female, Two concluded you were male, And one was undecided. So what does that mean? Well, the technical term For someone in your situation is "intersex." It refers to someone who's not strictly male...Or female. So, what? I'm some kind of freak? No, of course not. What about my scholarship? Unfortunately, the terms explicitly specify The recipient must be female. Is this where you tell me this is all a joke? Hannah... That I'm, like, being punked? I wish we could. No, don't you see? Everything I worked for is gone! God, no, this just isn't fair! This is how god made me! What am I supposed to do now?! What am I supposed to do?! And how many hours do DNT rails engineers work In a typical week? It varies, but we obviously adhere To federal rules and regulations. Are you aware of accusations that your employees Routinely use illegal substances While performing their duties? Our drug-testing policy is beyond reproach. The fact is, we have a flawless record. Not a single positive test in company history. An unblemished record. A perfect record. The company's clean. Spotless. Even the employee drug-test records are perfect. Not one false positive? Nope. Congratulations. Well done. I don't understand. Perfection is an illusion, liam. Much sought after but never achieved. They're hiding something. So you want me to keep digging? Oh, yes. Go through all the discovery. Check and re-check the data, and then check it again. You will find something. So, I'll go ahead and get lunch sent to my desk, then. And maybe dinner, as well. Mm-hmm. Nose to the grindstone, counselor. Just a little heads-up. Addy's gonna come by later and ask you some questions. About what? She said that cliff thought that you and katie Might be more than friends. Why would cliff be talking to addy about my business? There has been a little -- how shall I put this? -- Uh, ass covering going on. Addy has been tasked to damage control Should there should be any legal fallout Due to katie's, uh, "reassignment." They think katie might sue for sexual harassment? Red ran hot. Who knows what she might do? Let me ask you something. When you and katie Were you also aware that cliff and katie Not until he came over the night I was there. Mm, that paints a picture. She didn't let him in. Not that he didn't want in -- badly. You think he came over for sex? What conclusion would you draw? Well, cliff's position is he only came by To make sure she was okay after he broke up with her. Except she broke up with him. Do you have specific knowledge That his statement is incorrect? No. Then I would remember that going forward. Did you just come by here to make sure my story lined up with cliff's? And now the question portion of the evening is over. Time for a little light entertainment. Look at this, look at this. Can he get out the door? I think he can. 2, 3, 4, 5. Think quick! Oh, god. Whoo! you look tired. Maybe we should take a break. are you kidding? Score's finally tied up. I mean, I don't want to be held responsible For you collapsing due to dehydration. So if you want to stop... Me? You look like you're about to have a cardiac arrest. I don't want that on my conscience. Well, as long as we're agreed you're the one who called the time-out, I can do that. I should get that. It could be about the case. I knew you were soft. Interesting. What? Give us some of your drink, and I'll tell you. No way, dude. Cold and flu season. Well, then, I guess I don't have to share this information I just got back from the lab. What information? Hart told me to check and re-check all the discovery. So I had a lab retest all the employee samples For the last six months. And? Turns out thr flawless record Has a lot in common with your jump shot. They both come up seriously short. Is that your phone? No, it's -- That's good drinkin'. It's yours now. Thanks, buddy. There has to be some way we can get her back into school. You could argue discrimination. Position hannah as a transgendered person. Which would make her a protected class under california state law. Hannah and I discussed it. She doesn't want to go that way. She feels marginalized enough. I'd resent the hell out of anyone Trying to tell me I wasn't a woman. It's been so much worse Since the gynecologist's report came back. It turns out hannah's also infertile. Wait a minute. Hannah can't have kids? Try not to sound so excited when you say that. No, no, that's not what I mean. We're looking for a new legal angle onto our case here, And infertility might be just what we need. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. No, no, it's -- it's me. I'm still getting used to makeup. Uh, about this potential litigation... We don't have to talk about it. No. We don't. Okay. If you did want to hear anything -- Nothing. Ever. You might want to try rolling the brush slowly On the upward stroke. We're...Concerned that there may be a problem With your drug testing. What kind of problem? While it's true every single one of your employees' samples Were free from banned substances, Each sample did reveal the same elevated level of uric acid, A warning sign for gout. So? So, either your entire company Has been gorging itself on goose liver, Or the samples came from the same donor. The tests are administered at random. The fact that a group of employees Showed the same set of symptoms could be merely coincidental. Then how do you explain the fact That they all have the same genetic marker? Time to come clean, mr. Gold. We know you've been faking employee drug tests In order to hide the use of stimulants. $600,000 and no admission of wrongdoing. The settlement is completely sealed and deemed inadmissible For all future civil or criminal prosecutions. This is an institution of higher learning. You ould be building young people up, Not tearing them down. We're sorry, but the essential terms of the scholarship Have not been met. She is technically no longer a woman. Ncaa guidelines only require an athlete to compete Under the gender indicated On their government documentation. In hannah's case, it's female. But there are more things to consider Than just miss mayfield's interests. There are liability issues, donor concerns. We're just not equipped to deal with the matriculation Of an intersex athlete. You're right, there are other issues to consider. Say, the americans with disabilities act? H-how is that relevant? As a gender non-conforming woman With undeveloped ovaries -- A birth defect which makes her infertile -- Hannah is disabled, And therefore protected under that statute. I seriously doubt that such legal acrobatics Are gonna hold water. Well, they will until they won't. Until then, how would you like to be known As the school who discriminates Against people with disabilities? Could tarnish your reputation pretty badly. What if any major donors found out? Hmm. What is it you're after, exactly? Just what you promised hannah When she first came here -- The opportunity to get an education. $600,000? Yes, but their offer expires At the end of the business day today. But I'd s-still go to jail? Well, we couldn't use the evidence That would exculpate you in your criminal trial. So, if you want the money, You'll have to sign a confidentiality agreement. What good does money do for my son if he's in foster care? There is... One other thing I can do. I can take the evidence to the d.A. And try to negotiate a reduced sentence. You think that will work? There's no guarantee. But if you don't do that, I'm definitely going to jail...Right? Yes. I only took those pills so I can keep my job... Take care of my boy. Tell them they can keep their money. Just keep me out of jail. So, I hope you can understand that you and I, We just...Can never be. You wanted to see me? Hey! Well, you can stop being mad. We got to the bottom of the... "secret admirer" fiasco. It was...Yolanda in h.R. Yolanda was the secret admirer. I told her, "thank you very much. "I'm very flattered by your advances. But my heart belongs to an unnamed other." And as you may have seen, she took it very admirably. So, all is well. Well, not really, since yolanda is a lesbian. She is a what, now? She's a lesbian. Remember, we all threw down for that gift, Celebrating her commitment to her wife. Uh, rowdy. Yeah. Did you know yolanda in h.R. Does not dig dudes? Uh, yeah. Why didn't you tell me? Because she told me not to get involved. I had to let you make that colossal blunder. Thank you. But my neutrality ends there. Beth, liam really cares about you. It's true that he has been with... ...Well, just a lot of women. But he has chosen you. Right. And, liam... Beth is that rarest of creatures. She's someone who is worthy of the energy and effort We put into being with them. And she has chosen you. That's sweet. No, no, no. This isn't about me. It's about y'all. Now, work it out! Thus endeth the lesson! Look, I don't want you to worry About whoever it was who wrote that note. I'm not. Good. Cause I'm crazy about you. And, although I know that you're perfectly capable Of penning such a document, You never would. Probably just wishful thinking on my part. I don't know. An afternoon delight is nice to think about. Maybe we can meet up a little later. That sounds positively... Supple. Great vocabulary. What are we drinking? Hey! We've got cosmos. Not anymore. Three tequila shots, please. Ooh, you better make that two. I have a motion to read. Oh. I'll see you guys tomorrow? Okay. Yep. Thank you. Before we get too carried away, There is a small piece of business I need to discuss with you. You need to interview me about cliff and katie. How did you know? Damn, I thought I've been totally discreet. Uh, rowdy gave me a heads-up. Well...Is it true? You and katie? We...Slept together... Once. But when I found out about cliff, I backed off. Okay, well, uh, there are still a few more details That I need for the record. Mm. So, if we could schedule a time to sit down and -- I haven't exactly decided what I'm gonna say yet. You don't get to decide what you're gonna say. It's complicated. No, it's not. It's a delicate situation. The truth is not delicate. I mean, are you playing politics here? Because I didn't think you were that kind of a guy. No, I'm not. It's just -- I would expect the runaround from cliff, but not from you. Addy -- you know what? We'll schedule the interview tomorrow. Okay? Ohh. What's this? That's some data about their drug testing That DNT would love to keep quiet. Why bring it to me? Because they offered mr. Shea 600 grand in hush money. He turned it down. He wants to see DNT Rail Held responsible for their actions. So what do you expect in return? Well, I'm hoping That somewhere behind that stunning smile Is a person who values fairness. You don't give up, do you? In all honesty, you ain't seen nothin' yet. so... I'm guessing his son drew this? It's like you said -- the people want justice. So, who are you gonna go after? A company that lied and broke the rules Or a single dad who's just trying to raise his son? Trotting out the kid? That's dirty pool. A year from now, nobody's gonna care That you made an example out of my client. But if you deliver a conviction against dnt, You've actually made the world a safer place. Think about it. Hey, hannah. Hey. We expected you at the office to sign some papers. come on. Good news. We heard from the board, And they have agreed to take care Of two years of your tuition. So you can finish your degree. Thank you... Uh, for everything. You guys have been more than just lawyers. You've been good friends. Why am I sensing a "but" in there somewhere? Guys, uh, this is greg. Hi. He works for martin racquets. They want to sponsor me to go pro. Hannah's got a ton of potential. I mean, her game's got some maturing to do, But we like that she's a big hitter. Yeah, greg says I'd be crazy not to capitalize On all the publicity. I'm guessing controversy sells tickets. Greg, could you excuse us for a second? Sure, no problem. So, hannah... What about school? I thought you wanted to go back. That's what we've been fighting for, isn't it? I don't want to go to a school Where people can't accept me. I go pro, make some money, And I can pick my own school. Pay for it myself. Oh, and believe it or not, There's already several intersex players On the pro tour. It's funny, don't you think? Uh, turns out my competitors are more accepting Than the people I thought were my friends. Uh, greg, you ready? Yeah, let's go. Okay. Thank you. Good luck. Bye. Bye. Bye-bye. Have you seen this morning's paper? Like I told priory, You traded a big fish for a small fish. How does that make you feel? Good. But you're not disappointed we didn't get the money? There's more important things in life than money, malcolm. So, how'd things end up with our engineer? He got five years' probation, mandatory drug counseling, And a pretty strenuous community-service requirement. Jail time? No. And he gets to stay with his son. A job well done for both of you. Thank you. For you and mr. Priory. Right. Hey. Hey. I'm staying late to finish up some paperwork, So I ordered some burgers. You want one? I had a salad, but thanks. Was there something else? Look, I hope I'm not overstepping here, But, um... Are you okay? I mean, your personal life is none of my business, Except, uh, as it turns out, I'm sort of involved in it. I know. And they're gonna make me talk about it. I know that, too. I want to do the right thing, But I don't want to say anything that would hurt you. Dylan, if you're thinking about editing your testimony To spare my feelings, don't. You're an excellent attorney, and I'm a big girl. Of course. Are those from the apple ? We're lucky to have you, dylan. I don't care how fashion forward it is, A jalapeño's got no business floating in a martini. I'm just gonna grab a pot. Uh, stubbie? Just a schooner, any -- a beer. Any kind of beer. Just -- that one. Thank you. Doesn't anyone speak english in this country? Isn't that a cliché -- An australian drinking an oversized beer? Yes, I think it is. You want one? Yeah. They're good. thank you. So, how goes it with your tennis player? She's gonna make a lot of money... And pay her way through college, Which will hopefully lessen the sting. Her boyfriend broke up with her. Apparently, he couldn't take being the butt Of all the jokes around campus. Thanks, mate. Sounds like a rat. easy for you to say. If people starting calling me a man, I doubt you'd still be interested. No, I'd still be interested. After all, you would still be you. That's one of the sweetest things Anyone has ever said to me. one, two, three, four... I declare a thumb war. Five, six, seven, eight... Try to keep your thumb straight. Oh, I will. no, you won't! Oh, yes, I will, 'cause I'm the best in the world. You can't do that. Oh, you're kidding me. You are kidding me. Look at that. Look at that. -- Sync by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.Com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 