Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e8 - Koh - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 8 - Koh - full transcript 
 Koh makes a deal with Logan to lead him to the Dragon Palace, where Mariko's fiancée Kurohagi lives but first Logan must rescue Yukio, who has been captured by Kurohagi's men. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Logan, this is where your little tramp, Yukio, is staying. I'm pretty sure I know where that junkyard is. See you soon. In the meantime, I'll amuse myself... ...while I await your arrival. Kurohagi. So it's a whole new can of worms. Yukio is your granddaughter. What a surprise. That was a nice throw. It's not an easy weapon to master, but it is deadly. Watch it with that thing. We don't wanna kill her accidentally. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Does it really matter, man? She sure as hell ain't leaving here alive. Logan is not gonna save her this time. Damn straight, man. Ain't no one gonna break into this place. Not even Logan can get through this. This place is a damn fortress. A rocket couldn't make a dent in this place. So Logan's claws sure ain't getting through it. He'll regret it if he tries. Check out what we've got in store for him. Good as gone. If that doesn't kill him, I don't know what will. And just in case, we have other surprises in store for him... ...if he tries to get his little friend back. That's assuming Logan doesn't chicken out first. So for now, I guess we're stuck in here. Have to find a way to pass the time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And where are you going? I can't stay. She saved my life, I have to save hers. I'm sorry, but that's not part of our deal. You can't go. Whatever. You have to make good on your promise. Wait, you don't want me to rescue your own flesh and blood? You're so obsessed with this little scheme of yours that you've lost your mind. What's so funny? Yukio told me the same thing long ago, right before she left me. Well, maybe you should have listened to her. You could be right... ...but the past still haunts me. The wound in my leg is a constant reminder. I must destroy Kurohagi. I hear you. I know that vengeance can consume a man. But we're talking about Yukio's life. She's the only family you've got. Min, get the map. Yes, sir. There is a shortcut. It'll lead us straight to the Dragon Palace. There is only one shortcut. This is the route. We call it Hell Road. It's not an easy journey. Doesn't look so scary. Let's get going. I've sent dozens of men, but not a single one has ever survived. But.... Their corpses were so mangled, we couldn't even ID any of them. That's Hell Road. It's not the kind of place you soon forget. So just what did they run into out there? How exactly were these men killed? -In every way imaginable. -What? You have to tell me which road leads to Dragon Palace. That is also included in the conditions. I told you, we don't have firsthand accounts. I could guess, but what good would that do? Like I said, you're useless to me. There is one thing I can tell you. Hell Road reveals a dark and sordid glimpse into Madripoor's history. What do you mean? Criminals from across the world have always flocked to Madripoor. These gangs go to war with one another... ...killing all who set foot on their turf. These hooligans are not known for their mercy. Hell Road is the only path to take. But it is also the road that crosses the trap zone. Could be a lot of fun. After all, it sounds like my kind of party... ...and I can give as good as I get. -I'll find Kurohagi. -Yeah. So you just vacation while I'm on that road, while I'm risking my life? You're gonna draw a lot of attention. While Kurohagi's thugs are distracted... ...we can stage our attack from the underground. I've got something to help you. For years now, we've been secretly digging this tunnel. We'll use it to reach the palace. I get it. I'm bait. Now I see your use for me. Do you have a problem with the strategy? No, I think your plan is just great. I'm real good at drawing fire. But don't forget... ...saving Yukio is my first priority. How about I show you a trick or two? Good thing I showed up. I had a feeling that something like this might happen. Mr. Kurohagi, sir. Don't you worry, honey. Logan will be on his way. It was only a small dose. Do you like my gun? It's unconventional, but it works. What's happening? Amazing. The good folks at A.I.M. have developed the perfect poison. Not even Wolverine's healing factor will be able to resist it. When Logan comes, use this to kill him. Chop off his head and bring it to me. Come to think of it, that will be the perfect wedding gift. And you, my dear, will make such a pretty corpse. Just like your parents did. You bastard. My father did excellent work in executing enemies. Even after they died, he never stopped watching. I've always been disappointed by that. But now I will make sure to bring an end to you and your family. Well, that's all I have time for. I must get ready for my wedding. So beautiful. You look simply gorgeous. Perfect. I've never seen a prettier bride. Now, let's add the finishing touches. I've heard it said that what you see in the mirror reveals the truth that lies within. Hello, Father. Your expression betrays you. You're thinking of Logan. Perhaps, in a strange way, you and I will both get what we desire. He has sealed his fate by following you here. He will never leave Madripoor. With him gone, you will commit yourself to your wifely duties. Where is that freak mutant? You think he's too scared to come? He better come. Kurohagi's banking on his arrival. Did you just hear something? Yeah, it's gotta be Logan. -I don't see anyone. -Look, on the monitor. He's coming fast. -Yeah. -Yes, that must be him. Logan.... Wolverine. In the flesh. Yeah, come closer! Cowards. Nicely done, but we have a lot more in store for you. Let's see you get out of this one. Fire! What are we supposed to do now? Chill the hell out. There's no way he's getting in here. -Yeah? And what makes you so sure? -There's no way! There's got to be a way inside this thing. And there it is. It's quiet out there. -A little too quiet, don't you think? -You really gotta chill out. This is bad. I can't just stand around waiting. I bet he's trying to break in. Would you relax. There's no way he's getting in here. Maybe you're right. I mean, Mr. Kurohagi will handle it. Until then, we have to wait for him here. Damn it. I think I like you better this way. What took you so long? Cut me some slack, would you, lady? I'm really not in the mood. I've had a pretty rough day. You're not going soft on me, are you? We've got our work cut out for us, you know? Yeah, I know. But I gotta say one thing first. Thank you. Well, it was on my way. Where are we going? -I know a shortcut to the Dragon Palace. -A shortcut? I think they call it Hell Road or something stupid like that. Who told you that? You might know him. Koh. -How did you find him? -More like he found me. Part of his plan. Some kid named Min took me to see him after we'd escaped into the sewers. So... ...Koh must have said something about me. Did he? Yeah, he told me some, but I had to pry it out of him. I see. I was raised by my grandfather. The only reason I've stayed alive this long... ...is because of the things he taught me as a child. I owe him a lot. But still.... Revenge. That was all he wanted. Taking over Madripoor. It completely consumed him. The training, the way we lived, all part of his quest for power. He didn't even care about... ...avenging his own son's death. I couldn't take it anymore, so I left him and his obsession. Since then, I've dedicated my life to avenging the death of my parents. I was right to leave him. I still feel that way today. Sounds rough, but I'm not sure if that stuff is important to me. Fair enough. I get Mariko... ...and you get your revenge. That's it. Yes. The rest doesn't matter. -So, what do you think? -You look amazing. Just like a movie star. Well, I suppose that's good enough for me. Good enough? You're gonna look great. And Mariko looks lovely. You two will be the perfect couple. Yeah. True, true. Pardon me. Damn you, Logan. I have news! Sir, Logan's attack was a success. He saved the girl. Mr. Koh. They're on their way to Hell Road right now. This is indeed good news. Everything is going according to plan. Now we'll see just how resilient Wolverine can be. Let's move out! So here it is. Hell Road. I've heard about it all my life, but it's been a mystery. Koh wouldn't let me near it. Mariko is waiting for me at the end of this damn thing. Let's just get this over with. Logan has started the journey up Hell Road. Why is everyone so scared of this place? It's just a street. Just wait. -Knock yourself out. Don't scratch the ride. -Shut up and keep driving! Logan. This is what became of them. All those men we sent who never returned. Mariko. {\an8}Next time on Wolverine: "Hell Road." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 