Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e4 - Omega Red - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Omega Red - full transcript 
 Logan and Omega Red engage in a fierce battle. Their battle brings up their shared history and how Wolverine first met Omega Red. Will Logan be able to defeat the Russian behemoth? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn What? Omega Red. How are you.... How are you here? I have survived, no thanks to you, little man. Omega Red is here to see you pay for what you did. No. Not like that. Wolverine! I survived thanks to a grudge against you. Prepare for extermination! Like we didn't have enough going wrong already. How do you like this? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Somebody get some water! -Come on, move! Put it out! Hurry! Quick! Save that dowry! Cordon off the area. Wolverine's fighting... ...with Red Omega. Do not worry, little thief. I won't kill you yet, not until you beg me for mercy! This time you'll stay dead, Rossovich! You're wrong! Arkady Rossovich... ...the infamous serial assassin in the former Soviet Union. The blood of this man is said to be colder than Siberian ice. During his attempted arrest, he was gunned down. And like many monsters, the KGB found a use for him. They immediately revived him by implanting carbonadium. And he became the prototype for the Soviet Super Soldier Project. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His code name is... ...Omega Red! Yeah. Maybe I'll barbecue you. How do wolverines taste medium-rare? For a long time, I've waited to rip the flesh from your adamantium bones! Soviet scientists were attempting to produce a substance that could... ...equal the indestructible qualities of adamantium. The result was carbonadium. It has a high intensity and flexibility, and absorbs radioactivity. And unintentional side effects on the subject's mutant death spores... ...now allow his implants to literally drain the life from his victims. Damn. Logan's not healing fast enough. Go on, beg me! Let all the pain out. Compared to the pain that I had, this is a breeze. Nothing like a little fresh air. Hits the spot, huh? An explosion caused by oxygen rushing in... ...to carbon monoxide. Backdraft phenomenon. Big talk for a little badger with overgrown claws. Shut your mouth! You will be dead here. Damn it! Now, because of its radioactive carbonadium... ...it's absolutely essential that a synthesizer be administered to those... ...who have had carbonadium implanted in their bodies. Without the synthesizer, the carbonadium quickly starts to deteriorate. He will suffer because of the adverse effect of carbonadium. Your mission is to steal the device. I can't emphasize enough the importance of obtaining it. Are you Omega Red? You will be giving me back that canister right now! Not gonna happen! See you! If you don't give, then I take! Now, Wolverine, it's time you taste the overwhelming power only I possess! You're the one who's gonna be doing the tasting! -Hell! Everything's burning! -And his dowry's going up in smoke! Now! We got what we need... ...to finally bust Shingen. Sir, we have to relay some unfortunate news. Logan firebombed the ship containing the delivery. The dowry, it was lost. It burned in the fire. Then someone called Omega Red appeared from the ship... ...and fought with Logan. I got the whole thing on my cell phone. Logan. Since you stole the damn synthesizer, my body.... My body burns from inside without the synthesizer! You must give it back now! Your damn doohickey's under a glacier! You're asking for it. Now you will see the bottom of hell. That's all you got, Wolverine? Mind your own business. Are you with that damn Wolverine? Both of you will go to hell! I think I'll pass! Get down! Are you okay? Come on. We need to keep moving! Do you ever stop talking? It's not like I'm blabbering at you for nothing. Believe me, you are! Maybe you didn't hear me, but I'm trying to help! Well, let me let you in on something. I don't need anyone's help. Don't be so stubborn. What a jerk. You really do everything the hard way. Maybe that's just the way I like it. How come you're healing so much slower than usual? That bastard literally has the ability to suck the life out of whomever he's fighting. Tangling with that creep has really sapped my healing factor. -What are you looking at? -Nothing. You're not exactly bulletproof. Neither are you. So what? It's just that.... We've got a real problem. Doesn't make sense to collaborate with you if you cannot win. I can really care less. Look.... People always want to back the sure winner. But really, who hasn't had ups and downs? Don't be stupid, Yukio. You see, it ain't smart to bet against me in a fight. I've got nothing to lose. Get down! Gotcha! You're not very good at what you do, are you? You couldn't kill time. Guess Kurohagi must have hired you. If I ever want to get my deposit back, I'll have to bill Kurohagi for this. Guess I'll have to find us another safe house. We won't need one! We have to hit them when they least expect it! Tonight we strike and rip out their throats while they sleep! Logan. Wolverine! This time you will not escape me! How the hell did he find us? So you wanna do this again? You're dead. Logan! Move it! Yukio! My death spores make tracking you easy! Now I will drain the life out of you! I will make you suffer for what you did! You are looking surprised, Wolverine! Oh, no! Finally, it is time for you to die! Rest in pieces! Nobody's gonna win this one. Let's just call it a day, huh? Shut up! I don't see any sign of Shingen or of Mariko. Were you responsible for what happened to Agent Asano? They've just completed Asano's autopsy. The results are in. Logan and Asano were friends for a long time. Do you think he's seeking revenge? {\an8}Next time on Wolverine: Asano. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 