Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e7 - Vadhaka - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 7 - Vadhaka - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn No! It's Vadhaka. -Wolverine, you shall not pass. -What? What the hell is that? -The statue of Vadhaka. -Statue? Some kind of robot? Vadhaka is the statue who guards Kurohagi's home, the Dragon Palace. He used to be the guardian god of Madripoor. But I don't understand why he's here. He never moves from his post. Unless the seal is broken, he's just lifeless stone. He sure looks alive to me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Kurohagi must have released him to destroy us. It's gotta be because he found out you're here! Come on, kid. This isn't exactly a great time to point fingers. There they are! Get them! We got you now! This way's no good. See? If it's a fight you're looking for, you got it! This way. What the hell is up with this place? This is normal. All they ever do is fight. Fighting all the time? I wonder what that must be like. Don't move! You hit like a girl! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Kid, get out of here now! I will crush you like a bug! Look what we have here! Let go! Let go of me! Get your hands off of me! Sorry to interrupt. You really seemed to be hitting it off. Logan? You thought you got rid of me, didn't you? I guess you just can't keep away from me. Yukio? Yukio? Aren't you supposed to be saving Mariko? You should get over to Kurohagi's. Easy to say from up there. How long are they gonna keep this up? I gotta tell you, you're about as dumb as a rock. Logan! This stuff is quick-drying cement. You don't have much time! Nice. Guess they weren't joking when they said this stuff dries fast. -Thanks for the help. -Don't worry about it. Saving you has kind of become a hobby. Don't let it go to your head. Anyway, I gotta get going. No way! Wolverine! Not again. Are you okay? What would it take to get rid of you, kid? Homicidal statue not enough? I am not a kid. And I'm not going back without you. You mind telling me why? I will kill you! Die! You okay? I'm fine. Won't be getting a manicure anytime soon. Yukio! Damn it! These bastards just keep coming, don't they? -This way! -Hey! You should be okay now. I gotta go back and find Yukio. -I'll see you. -Wait! Let's go together! Why the hell would I want to do something stupid like that? You're only gonna slow me down, kid. Wow. This? Logan, don't! Those guys are with me. They're with you? People are trying to kill me at every turn, and I'm supposed to trust these thugs? Would you explain it to him? So long, kid. I'm not here to make new friends. I came to find Mariko. Where do you think you're going? You can't go to Dragon Palace alone. You have to take me with you! Besides, Vadhaka is after you. It's cute when people try to boss me around, especially a brat like you! Would you stop calling me that? Save it! Take care of those burned hands, okay? I didn't think there was a soul who could catch my cane from that distance. Let alone throw it right back. This can only mean one thing. Wolverine. One who has so many useful mutant powers. A man like you is, indeed, a most valuable ally. And who the hell are you? All things flow from top to bottom. Information is the same way. Well done, Min. Are you okay? Yes, thank you, sir. I can handle the pain, it doesn't hurt that much. Excellent job getting him here. I must admit, I'm a little shocked that they released Vadhaka. Really now, Kurohagi! Getting me here? The longer I stay in this cesspool, the more I want to get out. I better go before I do something I'll regret. A mutant like you is a valuable asset... ...in the continuous battle that rages on this island. I try to avoid people who wanna use me as a weapon. Keeps me out of trouble. Yes, I understand your position. I have a proposition for you. It will be worth your while. What, are we bargaining now? Kill Wolverine! Hey! I'm looking for a mutant called Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Heard of him? -Logan? -Wolverine? What's a punk like you want with him? So you do know of him. Where can I find him? That info comes at a price! Where is Logan? I don't know! Honest, man. I swear, I ain't lying! Then tell me who does know. I mean it, man! I don't know nothing about nothing! So you're Koh. And this is the shortcut to the Dragon Palace, huh? You still haven't told me what you're getting out of this deal. My, my, so impatient. The truth is, we don't know exactly what they are planning, up there on that hill. But, fortunately, the same goes for them. We must use the power of the people to disrupt the status quo on the island... ...topple Kurohagi... ...and return Madripoor to its rightful owners. Let me guess, you're the rightful owner. Man, if you want me to help you take on Kurohagi... ...you're gonna have to come up with a much better pitch than that. You are aware that the timetable for Kurohagi's wedding has been accelerated. With this kind of event, security will be at an all-time high. With so many guests, we can easily blend in among them. Madripoor will cease to be Madripoor. For some time now, we've been planning to attack the Dragon Palace... ...during the chaos of the wedding. Your arrival has changed the timeline for our offensive. With you on our side, we're ready to move. Mariko. She's the only reason I'm here. We may have different objectives, but we're setting the same course. It's win-win. We offer you planning and knowledge, and you'll lead the way for our assault. Cut the crap and be straight with me. I'll be stepping into a war. This is our hub. We stage all of our attacks on Kurohagi from here. This way. Lots of guns. I'm determined to defeat Kurohagi's boy. And Shingen too. Shingen? So you're familiar with the old man, huh? Well, now, why would a guy like you have a beef with a Japanese gangster? My reasons date back to long ago. When I still lived on the surface, I faced off against the elder Kurohagi. Hideki's father. He went by the name of Juo. We'd struck a delicate peace... ...when an outsider arrived vying for power. Shingen. I refused to even acknowledge this newcomer's presence... ...but Juo had other plans. He double-crossed me by forming an alliance with Shingen. After they made their pact to gain control of Madripoor... ...he put a hit out on me. And sent for one of Shingen's assassins from Japan. His most deadly, in fact. Her name was Miyuki. At that time, my only son, Kai, was acting as my bodyguard. He was a superb fighter. Despite the fact that they were sworn enemies... ...the two fell in love, a hit woman and a bodyguard. Neither was a stranger to death. At the time, I didn't understand. But looking back... ...I see they were two young people seeking solace in each other's arms. You can imagine I was somewhat upset about their affair. I thought I would kill them myself. But why? Somehow.... Somehow, I just couldn't. They were traitors, but I pitied them. So I did what I could. I hid them. Many years passed. When things calmed down... ...I tried to smuggle them out of Madripoor. I had become so preoccupied with helping them that I neglected my affairs. I got sloppy and Juo seized the opportunity. Go! We're cornered. Father, please take care of her! Father.... After him! No one escapes! After him! After him! I managed to stay alive, but this crippled leg is my reminder of that day. It forced me underground... ...while Juo swept in to take over all of Madripoor. But he was infuriated by my escape... ...and frustrated that he could not find me and put our old rivalry to an end. The pact was useless. He did not gain rightful control of part of the island. Well, that explains a lot. For one thing, now I understand why... ...the old bastard's so obsessed with this island. There's more. My son and that hit woman had a child and I was forced to raise it. A child? Master! We're receiving a transmission from the surface, sir! Yukio? Take a good look at her, Logan. If you try to save Mariko, I won't hesitate for a moment. I'll let her have it. I'm gonna make that scumbag pay. Yukio? What is it? It can't be. I know her. It's been years, but I could never forget the face of my granddaughter. And you, my dear, will make such a pretty corpse. Just like your parents did! The wound in my leg is a constant reminder. I must destroy Kurohagi. Perhaps, in a strange way, you and I will both get what we desire. But we're talking about Yukio's life! She's the only family you've got! Next time on Wolverine: "Koh." Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 