Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e6 - Min - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 6 - Min - full transcript 
 Logan finally manages to defeat Omega Red, and he and Yukio fly off to the crime ridden city-state of Madripoor, where Mariko is to be married. Things get off to a bad start with the locals... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Cyclops. Took your time, didn't you? Sorry, but Japan's not exactly on my way home. I was pretty busy when you called. But, hey, I'd drop everything to pick you up anytime. Yeah, yeah, what else is new? You're welcome. So, what kind of trouble are you causing in Japan... ...with some lady in a catsuit? The catsuit may be pretty, but I'm not too sure you can call her a lady. How charming. All right, I didn't fly all the way here to listen to you two bicker. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your friend's kind of grouchy. Don't worry, he'll grow on you. Let's get this bird in the air. You know, I'm not a cab driver, Logan. Good, then you won't be expecting a tip. I thought you two were friends. Sure we are. We go way back. Don't remind me. Are you ready? Cyke! Let's get going. The destination is Madripoor. Madripoor.... It's always a drug den or some covert black ops with you. My radar picked up a plane leaving the area a while ago. It may have been.... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Less talk and more flying, Cyke. Now, what do you really know about Madripoor? Madripoor.... A small island located in Asia. Self-governing with no real laws to speak of. Since the time of the pirates, it has always drawn the worst kinds. And it's a place of extremes. Extremes? Luxury apartments and skyscrapers crowded in the Hightown. Rat-infested slums in Lowtown. There is no middle. And what do the two have in common? Well, what else? Crime. You got that right. Hideki Kurohagi runs the island now. He took over after his father died. I heard a rumor that there will be a big wedding on the island soon. I'm only guessing that has something to do with this trip. Cyke! You know what? Just stick to flying the plane! There she is, Madripoor. Too bad, this could have been a good drop-off spot if it was just you, Logan. What? If we land normally, they would come and take everything... ...from your wallet to your life. Go around to the east side of the island. That would be a safer spot. You know the island? Maybe just a little. Guess I owe you one, man. Next time, you're paying for the gas. Good luck. Not your first time here, I'm guessing? I lived here. Lived? Yeah, with my parents. Sorry. I didn't mean to pry. Darling, you're cute when you're sorry. Logan! I thought you said the east side was safer. To land a plane! Looks like we bagged us some live ones. -But not for long. -Go for it. Gotcha! I don't have time for this crap. Yukio! I'll go ahead. Don't get killed! Thanks for the vote of confidence. Well, well, well. What do we have here? There are too many parties going on on this island. Who sent you? It's just our way of welcoming newcomers. A lei would have been nicer. Tell me. Where can I find Kurohagi? You're gonna die. Damn it! Where are they coming from? Shit! Here we go! Well, well. How do you like the welcome party so far? Not too bad for a surprise party. But it would have been better if more girls showed up. Freak! Logan... ...or should I say Wolverine? What a pleasant surprise. Man, I've had enough of this! Why did you help me? I thought everyone here hated outsiders. You're real tough. Thought it might help us to have you on our side. Let me tell you, I'm not on anyone's side. Most of the people on this island do whatever Kurohagi wants. Most. But some still resist. And I'm one of them. What did you just say, kid? Most. But some still resist. No, before that! Kurohagi gets whatever he wants? You're telling me you know Kurohagi? Hello? Everyone does. And where do I find him? You find him and then what? Nothing. None of your business! Wait. I bet I know why you're looking for him. You're here to kill Kurohagi, aren't you? Are you a hired gun? Or is it something personal? Kid, you're starting to piss me off with your questions. So, where do I find him? Okay. I'll tell you. You don't have to threaten me. Your face is scary enough as it is. Hightown. See? Over there. That shiny highrise called Dragon Palace. That's where Kurohagi is. Dragon Palace. To the spirit of... ...Madripoor's recently departed ruler, Juo Kurohagi. Thank you! I'm sure my father's spirit greatly appreciates it. Once we are married... ...I will welcome my in-laws to enjoy the fruits of commerce in.... What? Logan is here? Just getting to Dragon Palace will be tough. The streets in Hightown are like a maze. Especially to an outsider like you. Plus, most of the island is out to get you. You're full of good news, huh? What's the bad news? Most of the men working for Kurohagi do it... ...because he's the only game in town. He's bought them. And they know if they mess something up or get on his bad side, they're dead. They hate him, but they'll do what he tells them. Reign of terror, huh? I'm not exactly an angel myself. But there's nobody I hate as much as him! I refuse to let anyone ruin my plans. So, finally, it's time to unleash you. I order you to kill Wolverine! There's no way. You can't get to the Dragon Palace on your own! No matter how strong you think you are! Thanks for your concern. I couldn't care less! I'm just telling you the truth. Without someone who knows their way around, you'll be dead! I don't need anyone's help, kid. I got this. I will get there. And I'll save Mariko. Mariko? See you. Wolverine. It has been decreed that you shall die. Where does he get his strength? And I'm not going back without you. Aren't you supposed to be saving Mariko? Go ahead. Go find Shingen! Looks to me like you're after something more than just Kurohagi. I need you to help us with your extraordinary powers of Wolverine. {\an8}Next time on Wolverine: "The Statue." Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 