Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e1 - Mariko - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 1 - Mariko - full transcript 
 After Logan saves a man named Tesshin Asano, who was being attacked by members of Advanced Idea Mechanics, he reveals Mariko's whereabouts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn -Is it too cold for you? -No. Not with you here. Never. Mariko. When I'm with you... ...I feel like the world is a better place. Logan! Logan! {\an8}One year later. Son of a bitch! Do you want some more? I thought you might have hooked up with the wrong kind of woman. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I came to save you, Asano. Logan! Too bad it's not a woman. You punks at Advanced Idea Mechanics don't really play fair, do you? Five against one? Let's even the odds, shall we? Logan! It's good to see you, Logan. It's been about ten years, hasn't it? There's something I need to show you. Mariko! I came to New York to find you, to tell you where she is. We were happy, then she was ripped away from me, Asano. Tell me who took her. The Kuzuryu, the mythic nine-headed dragon. Japan's most vicious gang, biggest clan in the Yakuza. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They get most of their backing from Advanced Idea Mechanics. AIM then uses them to distribute money and weapons throughout Asia. This is the man behind it all, the crime boss of the Kuzuryu. Yashida Shingen. He's not the type to sit and watch. He enjoys getting in on the action. He's a master swordsman... ...who's not afraid to get his hands dirty. And you see, Mariko is his only daughter. What? We've been tracking Shingen's activities for quite a while. The Public Intelligence Security Agency... ...wants to bring down the Kuzuryu. Tell me. Where is Mariko? There's more. She's about to get married. Or more specifically, she's being forced to marry. This is her fiancé, Hideki Kurohagi. The island itself is a sovereign state. But it's also a hotbed of criminal activity. Madripoor. The first owner of this island died last year... ...and his son, Hideki Kurohagi, inherited this. The arranged marriage means... ...that Shingen also gets himself a new crime base. And Hideki can secure strong financial support. Poor Mariko was kidnapped and is now being forced into this business marriage. She's being kept from coming to New York... ...at her father's compound in Tokyo. In Tokyo? What's the matter? You look so sad tonight, Mariko. You never ask me anything. I don't like thinking about yesterday when I could be thinking about today. What matters is that we're here together now. You have to know how much it means to me that we have each other. Logan! You must know! I know everything I need to know. Logan.... Maybe Mariko was tied to her father and the past... ...rather than to the present and me. Logan is walking past the front gate. That wasn't part of the plan, Mr. Asano. The conditions may call for handling this one outside of protocol. We'll let Logan run the show for now. I lost him! He must have gone over the wall. -Did he go in? -Keep looking. This is not good. Going into the house. Take it easy. The guy knows what he's doing. Logan. I've hacked into the view of the perimeter of Shingen's house from their security cameras. Mariko! Yes, Father? Is everything okay, sir? Shingen! You know, the eyes can sometimes deceive, but a clear mind sees all. -Logan! -Kill him! Logan. Or should I call you Wolverine? Well, what a surprise. I guess my reputation precedes me. You're here for my daughter, right? If you know the story, then I'll make this quick. I wanted to see Mariko's smile one more time. Here she is, but her smile... ...seems to be locked away. She has a duty to her family and she's been promised to another. That's your promise, not hers! Tell me, are the rumors I've heard about you true? Why don't you find out? -Logan. -Take him down! As I expected. -Let's get out of here, Mariko. -Logan.... You and me. Why should I? If you fight me and win, you can have her. With Japanese swords? Don't be silly. We fight with wooden swords. They've gone inside, so we can't track them, not even with our infrared cameras. That's not good! Shingen is an expert swordsman. Even with a wooden sword he can strike faster than the speed of sound. The impact of his sword chops human limbs off without touching them. Logan! I see there's some truth to the stories. Logan! Is that really a wooden sword? You have no chance to win this duel! You'll never possess what's mine! Damn it! You don't own her! I will not let you win. Just a sample from AIM's chemical warfare division. It's quite effective. The drug has a nasty habit of paralyzing the nervous system almost immediately. You son of a.... This is her fiancé... ...Hideki Kurohagi. Faster than your healing factor abilities. How could you do this? It's not fair! What? Not fair? Mariko, your ex-boyfriend just tried to slice your father in half. Finally, you will see only me. Logan! Do it. Kill the freak. Well, I'm not your enemy. Father. I am obeying your wishes. So you see... ...I never forgave him. Shingen. {\an8}Next time on Wolverine: Yukio. Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 