Wolverine: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wolverine 
 s1e9 - Hell Road - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wolverine (2011): Season 1, Episode 9 - Hell Road - full transcript 
 Logan and Yukio start down Hell Road on their way to the Dragon Palace, where Kurohagi and Mariko are to be married. Somehow the two manage to overcome the many traps that have been set ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Hang on! Why's everyone so scared of this place? It's just a street. Just wait. Your granddad told you the real history of Madripoor? Gangs from all over the world have territories. It's the main artery for moving drugs. These gangs set traps all over to catch rivals. They're so effective... ...so deadly, that even Hideki's father, Juo Kurohagi, never set foot in that area. Instead, he used them to his advantage. He didn't smash their traps by force, he let them hold onto their territory. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He actually used the traps as his fortress. As gangs would not fight each other unnecessarily... ...and with everyone at odds with one another... ...a delicate balance of power was struck. Juo's Dragon Palace has a sheer cliff... ...with a dead drop to the ocean depths to the rear... ...and Hell Road at the entrance. Attacking it has always been unthinkable. Whatever. I promised I'd create a ruckus. -It was a deal with your granddad. -A deal? While I attract the attention of Kurohagi and his men... ...your granddad and his men make it into the Dragon Palace... ...through the secret tunnel. That's the deal. Secret underground tunnel? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So how exactly do Kurohagi and his men get in and out of this place? Think they have Hell Road E-Z Passes? They get there by air. But any unidentified helicopters or aircraft are attacked, naturally. You got that right, I suppose. -What the...? -Looks like someone's saying hello. This is crazy. You know, I've seen worse. Let's go. We got to keep moving. I'd be obliged if you could lend me a hand. You know, I'm not just along for the ride here. Knock yourself out! Just don't scratch the ride. Shut up and keep driving! It's keeping with its history. That's why the traps are surprisingly low-tech. I guess this is where I'm supposed to say thanks. But I'm not gonna say it just yet. Sorry. I wouldn't expect you to say something. It's so unlike you. Min? Is there a problem? I thought I sensed something, but maybe not. Koh-sama! Logan's started the journey up Hell Road! So soon? Good. This is what we've been waiting for to begin our attack. We wouldn't have survived that road without him leading the way, but now.... -Min? -Yes? You know we needed to deceive Logan about the secret underground tunnel. I know. This was the only choice we had. But there's more. Your granddaughter. She's with him. For us, we know that our most noble and righteous goal is to return this island... ...to its rightful state. Everything the Kurohagi dynasty built must be destroyed. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Certain sacrifices must be made! Sacrifices? I thought this might be one of their specialties. You say that, but you're panicking. We really fell for that one, huh? Up there! Looks like the welcoming committee showed up. How about you and I get the hell out of here? Look at you with the bright idea! Damn it! Yukio! Showtime! Took me a bit longer, because you were slicing and dicing. Want to say thanks now? What the hell are you saying? You were only able to get out because I went first. What a woman! -What's happening? -Here we go again. Must have pulled some kind of trigger. Really? Hell Road. You're living up to your reputation. Vadhaka. You're supposed to be an island god revered from times past. Even though the vicious gangs of Hell Road panicked and made room for you... ...you failed to get rid of Logan, and dared to come back. I should crush you and sell you for scrap this very moment. But I've decided to send you to AIM and get you powered up. You'll be returning to guard duty for now. And you won't dare fail me again, because if you do, I will make you-- -Kurohagi-sama! -What now? Logan is advancing up Hell Road. He's already made it past the first gate. What? Alert the guests. We shall start the ceremony at once. Yes, sir. Logan. Damn him! If she's still worrying about what's going to happen to him... ...she really is a foolish woman. That makes her the perfect tool for a marriage of convenience. Logan. Can you believe this? Kill them all! What the hell? Two gangs are going to war. They're each defending their territory. Have we heard any news about Logan? I don't know how anyone could survive. If the long, delicate balance of Hell Road has been broken... ...there's got to be a lot of killing going on! Well, he's got Yukio fighting alongside him. How does Koh-sama feel about it? Koh-sama has made his decision. All we have to do is fall in line with him! -Stop the chit-chat! -Min. Enough! Let's keep going. Almost there! That's not close enough for me! -The ground is.... -Turning into liquid! Don't move your legs! Water is oozing up from underground. What? Goodie. It looks like the joke's on us. -Have all the preparations been made? -Affirmative, sir. Hell Road is directly above us. Excellent. Open it. Wow! If this had been us, this would have been our fate. -Let's move it! -Yes, sir. This is what became of them. All those men we sent who never returned. They're getting lower! Not lowering the booms in one swoop is in poor taste! -Is this it then? -Looks like it. They wanna carve us up like a piece of meat? That ain't happening! It's time! Grab on! We're going through! Advance! Yes, sir. Advancing. What's that? The kid and the old man? They're not supposed to be here! I see. I'm a sucker. They just used me to soften up the local thugs for them. Poor form, old man! That's just how he is. Koh-sama! Yukio! You bored or something? Let's go! Mariko. Well, well. This is getting old. Kikyo. I'm not here to mess around with you! I'm gonna have to take a rain check. Kikyo! Anyone ever tell you you could lose a few pounds? Koh-sama! Stop! {\an8}Next time on Wolverine: "Shingen." Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows with Subtitles for Free ---> osdb.link/tv  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 