Skin Wars: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Skin Wars 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Skin Wars (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - In the wild world - of competitive body painting, there's nothing more fierce than the power of transformation. Skin Wars: the only limits are your imagination. You won't believe your eyes as 12 of America's most talented artists compete and push the boundaries. Absolutely breathtaking. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Some will rise to the top... While others will watch their dreams go down the drain. It fell pretty flat. It's the challenge of a lifetime for $100,000 and the ultimate title of Skin Wars champion. Exciting! Oh, I can't wait to see what today's challenge-- Oh, my gosh! We walk in the work room, and there's a giant cake 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in there. Yay, candy! We've got, like, 70 pounds worth of candy. It's crazy. Oh, my God. All these colors, and your eyes are drawn. You want to look at everything. - Bet you Ru jumps - out of that later. I have no idea what to expect. I'm so excited. - Wow. - That is amazing. Ah! Hello, painters. Come on out, Ru. Hi, everybody. Hey! Thank you. For this first challenge, you will create a waist-up, front-and-back dessert-themed design on your models that's good enough to eat. And you will have to top them off with these edible ingredients you see behind us. I'm so excited. All this candy? - I'm like, "Okay, I can do this. - I can do this. I can do this." I almost want to be like, "Stop! Ehh." Brain freeze. We have even added a little extra eye candy to your models. They'll be wearing colorful tutus and fishnet stockings. Yay! You will be judged on creativity and design concept, technique, and execution of the challenge. So make it you, and make it yummy. All right. The winner will get a pretty sweet advantage in the concept challenge, so make sure you serve up something special. - You have three hours - to complete this challenge, and your time starts right... now. Good luck! As the models walk in, I see that they're all in tutus and thigh-highs - and high heels, - and it's just full of color, and I'm all excited. Score. Yay! Hi, girl. Ooh, look at that. My model's wearing this orange tutu, and immediately I thought of my daughter Bianca and the fashion dolls that we like to play with. Turn this way for me, sweetheart. - So my piece has - a little bit more of a cool fashion type of look, and everybody else's piece, - they're gonna be a little bit - more cheery and happy, - and I think - this will help my piece stand out a little bit more. Yeah. Not me. - I've been body painting - for about ten years, and I build costumes, props, prosthetics. I even do special effects, and I'm known as the Mayor of Makeup. When I enter a competition, I usually enter with a very indifferent mind-set. If I win, I win. If I lose, I lose. - But then once things - start to pick up and I'm competing, that ego comes out. Some would say that I'm so talented that I paint with the tears of my competitors. I feel good. - I just have to--kind of partly - thinking about my son, because today's his birthday. I have a son. He's two, and I love him. It's very important for me to be a role model to my son. I've been homeless twice. Without a doubt, $100,000 would change my life. What are you thinking? I'll have to let you know when I win. Hot. Give me your arm. - I want to win this challenge - so bad. I want to show what I can do. I'm born in Israel. I have two sisters. My dad passed away when I was 14 years old, and I went to the army when I was 18 years old. After the army, I moved to the U.S. And now I'm working really hard to support my family, - sending money to my mom - every month. She's not working, so without me, she can't survive. Red, red, red, red. I won last week, and I want to win again, so I will do my best. Looking around the room, again Lana is catching my eye. - See, it's matching. - Now it's better. She's a good player. She's here. So I kind of got my eye out on her. I see what she's capable of. - No, just let it sit. Trust me. - Okay. - This is the first time - I'm actually gonna utilize candy of any kind in my piece. The problem with that, it's not sticking the way I want it to stick. You know, ten second rule, we can still eat it. So I'm just gonna snack - and have a little piece - here and there to keep my energy levels up. Are you really eating them? You have to savor every moment. Isn't this fun? It's candy. - Well, going - into this first challenge, I'm feeling disappointed I haven't been in the top yet. I got put here for a reason. I've got to show the judges what that reason is. Three and back over. I am a wife and mother of three. I'm a special ed assistant in Madison, Wisconsin. - I've never had an opportunity - like this. This is amazing. I want to do body art full-time and make this attempt now to get out there and make money to help my family doing what I love. Oh-ho, everybody! - We only have an hour left! - Oh, crap. There's never enough time. As far as strategies go, being super under the radar is awesome. - You know, - I just try and be smart about things that I tell people, - because I don't want - to give away too much. You guys, we only have 30 more minutes. - How well can we - balance this thing? - I'm not great - with time management, and I'm trying to figure out how to make this work. Okay, everyone, one minute left, just one! - Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo. - Yes, ma'am. That's it. Ah! Okay, painters, time's up. Please put your tools down. Hello, Avi. Hey, how are you? Tell us about your delicious creation. So I created a corset, and the brownie and the ice cream that I really love. And in the back, we did two lollipop, and I used a lot of candies and chocolates. I love it. - I think - it's fantastic. - Good, all right. - Thank you very much. You're welcome. Thank you very much. I will call my body painting today "Childhood Sweets." When we're all small, we're all dreaming how Candyland looked like. On the front, I did here the air balloon, and my model was kissing candies from my hand. Did you put glue on her lips? It's a special glue. - I'd like to slip you - the tongue right about now. And make out with you. She's Lily Lollipop. Lily Lollipop. Before she's gotten licked. She is wearing her candy couture. It's sort of like a tiki candy in a way, you know? I see. So on the back, what I have is a drive-in movie theater with the little sign. And then she's holding her cotton candy - that she got in the lobby, - and this-- Oh, there it is, okay. Film, yeah. Thanks, Dawn Marie. - You know - when you go to the circus - and you get - all the little sweet treats? So I wanted to make her into a bag of candy. - And her face would be - a jawbreaker. - Did you spend a lot of time - on the hat? - It was supposed to balance - right on top of the head, but it's a little top-heavy. Now, in the last challenge, - you ran into a little bit - of trouble for not doing enough on your model's back. - This time I just kind of - went with a simple design, - so it's simple - all the way around. So the things that we say from the judges' panel, - do they run - through your head - when you start - on a model? No. - Okay, I'm not trying - to sound like a jerk, but I'm here to show what I'm able to do, not what they want me to do. I love lollipops. Ah. - And then what could - be more inspiring than Rebecca popping out of the cake? - Oh, my goodness. This is a first. I'm so honored! Really? Well, I'm so honored. I'm so excited. Thank you! Well, you really inspired me, - because what could be sweeter - than you in a cake? - I mean, I think you're - kissing up to the wrong person, - because unfortunately - I'm not a judge. - You might have put Ru in there. - Maybe-- Cheryl Ann incorporates a butt-kissing move. It was sweet. Everybody wanted to go to Candyland. Yes. I got tired of Candyland, so I figured I'd rob Candyland, so-- - Okay, oh, I see. - Yeah. So she is the Candy Apple Bandit. Okay. She has a cupcake, - and it has, - "Candyland can go to hell." - Okay. - Oh. You know, I'm getting sort of a '30s Bonnie and Clyde Machine Gun Kelly vibe. I think the stitching and the collar are recalling that. - Can you hold up - the gun a little bit? Her gun is made out of candy. And turn it around, girl. - She is - the poison candy apple. Mm-hmm. - This is - Little Miss Lolli. She's on her way to the Candy Kingdom. - And here we go, - to the magic Candy Kingdom. - Oh. - Oh, there it is. Entrance to the kingdom. Wow. The moment I saw the tutu, - I immediately thought - of my daughter. And when she was little, she would wear tutus everywhere, so this totally reminded me of her. Can we see the back? Yep, go ahead. Well, you left no stone unturned. That's my piece. She looks good enough to eat. - Uh-huh. - Absolutely. The name of my piece is - "Tastes as Good - as It Looks." - You know, it tastes as good - as it looks, you know, like... - Ooh! - Oh. Can you please tell us what flavor topping that is? I would say... Avocado? Avocado? - No, no, no, - it's, like, pistachio. Mm, interesting! - So what I was going for - is basically like cake, kind of Katy Perry kind of meets high fashion. - Yummy. - Oh. Okay, Aryn, thank you so much. Thank you! Okay, painters, your pieces are absolutely scrum-diddly-umptious, and I'm sure Ru's going to have a lot to say about it. So, models, you may leave the studio. Ru and I are going back to the painters' lounge to discuss. Ooh, girl. - Feel like brushing - your teeth yet? Yeah, I got a sweet tooth. Yeah? - Well, these kids really - turned it out with the candy, I felt, you know. And I think several of them really rose to the occasion. Rio is hilarious. He makes me smile. I love that it evoked this gangster feeling of the '30s. You know, I think Lana-- - I always love - the colors she picks. Yeah. Of course, I liked Cheryl Ann's. A very skilled painter. She sure is. I thought it was a big success. Yeah. What do you think of Avi? There was a lot going on there, but I did enjoy it. Okay, Ru, have you made your decision? Yes. - Let's go tell them. - All right. Painters, you've had three hours to create your artwork. Now it's time for Ru to decide who the top three painters are. Lana. - Wow. - Again. Cheryl Ann. I think I'm competitive of everybody, but Cheryl Ann, she's my biggest competitor, 'cause she's painting very good. Avi. Lana, your piece was epic. It reminded me of a David Lean movie, Doctor Zhivago Goes to Candyland. Gorgeous, great work. Thank you so much, guys. Cheryl Ann. That's right, mama. You know, what I love the most about your piece is, - ain't no half-stepping - with Cheryl Ann. - No, sir. - It's all the way. You even painted our host on the back there. - I know. - Fantastic. - Cheryl Ann has got - the strategy down. It's like teacher's pet kind of thing. She's got that Southern charm, but I think there's a little bit of a Southern viper hidden under there. Avi, I really enjoyed your piece and the glitter! I love a man who's not afraid to use glitter. Yes, for the first time. - Was that - your first time using glitter? Yeah. - Well, welcome over - to the glitter side. Okay, so you guys ready to hear who the winner is? Yes. Are you sure? The winner of this challenge is... Of course Lana is in the top, but I need to win this challenge and every challenge, because my future is so dependent on winning this entire game. Painters, you've had three hours to create your artwork. Now it's time to decide who had the most delectable design. Lana, Cheryl Ann, and Avi, you have the sweetest desserts. The winner of this challenge is... Congratulations, Cheryl Ann. You're the winner. Thank you, thank you. - If our eyes - could have made a sound, it would have been a "Kwah-pshh!" You will receive an advantage in the next challenge, - which I will tell you - about later. Okay. I like my name in lights, so I'm gonna try and do my best to stay on top. Thank you so much. All right, painters, I'm sure you're all curious - to hear about - your next challenge, am I right? - Indeed. - Yes. - Are you sure, you want - to hear all about it? Yes. Well, you're gonna have to wait. But I can tell you this. Bring your appetite. All right! - I wonder what - we're gonna do. I'll see you tomorrow to tell you some more. All right. - Bye. - Bye. I feel amazing after winning this challenge, because I had no idea what I was gonna paint. I'll feature this glowing cupcake, and then what am I gonna do? I don't know. Cheryl Ann is not liked in the house. You know, it's phony. You know, just like... All that stuff, you know, like, "Come on." You threw me off with your sexual wiles. - "I'll hold his hand; he won't - be able to think right." - I got you. - It's cool. Where's your ring at? I do have a fiancée, but I do choose to live my life polyamorous. Now I'm gonna miss every other-- Good. - On occasion, - with her knowledge of course, I do sometimes have a second companion. Look at-- - Look at your one-five - over there, though. - I could accidentally - hit it. And you're going to, - as I shake the table - with my super-human strength. No way. I have a boyfriend. I don't like to assume things, but I feel like Rudy is definitely flirting with me. And I'm like... Oh, that sucks. Hello, painters. Well, I told you yesterday, bring your appetite. Feast your eyes on these incredible buffets. - Amazing. - Wow. - And who better - to judge a buffet - than our special - guest judge? Say hello to world-renowned chef Cat Cora. The guest judge is Cat Cora. It was just really cool. - It's such an honor - to meet Cat Cora, because Iron Chef is one of my favorite shows. In your first challenge, you started with dessert. - But for today's - concept challenge, it's time for the main course. There are 11 buffet stations in this room, one for each of you. - For this challenge, - we are going to test one of the most demanding skills in body painting, your ability to camouflage your model. - Yes. - All right. It's about what the camera sees. Pick the right pose, pick the right paint, and make sure you constantly check your monitors. I have never done camouflage. Ugh. Ugh! It's scary. - Cat, if you could pick - a station, which one of these stations would you pick? - I think that I would have - to go with the fruit bar, only because it's vibrant, it's fresh, it's juicy, - and I know - it's gonna be tough. - What are you hoping - to see today? Presentation is extremely important. - Before we even have - a chance to taste it, our eyes are already forming an opinion. All right, in this paint can, I have all of your names. One by one, I will call out a station and then your name. We have... sushi station, Aryn. The champagne bar, Sammie. Pasta bar, Cheryl Ann. Seafood station, Avi. Taco bar, Kyle. Yes! The meat-carving station, Dawn Marie. All right. Salad bar, Fernello. Coffee and espresso bar, Rio. Fruit station, Lana. Breakfast bar... Rachel. Yay! Plates and utensil station goes to Rudy. Yay! Cheryl Ann, as winner of the first challenge, you get to swap with any of the other painters. Ooh. I think I will swap with Lana. Oh, my God, I knew it! I knew it! All right, you have five hours, and your time starts... now! Good luck! - We can't wait to see - what you cook up. Good luck. Looks good. I know you're gonna do great. - You've been awesome - this whole time. - I get chosen - to have the champagne station, and the challenging part of this is gonna be trying to line up the geometric shapes in the monitor on the screen. But I'm very confident in my skills 'cause I've done it before, and I see myself being at the top in this competition. - Sushi! - That's awesome. I think we're all stressed out, knowing that it's one of the hardest body paints to do. And we're all like, "Ah, do we have time to compete with two?" I got to think of some real cool way to put you. - For my main - job, I'm a tattoo artist. - I also do face - and body painting, and I work at a haunted house. The $100,000 would mean - I probably would work - less jobs definitely, - 'cause then I could focus more - on body painting. Yeah, it would just totally change everything. I don't know. - Okay, I'm gonna - try something else. Place you on this side for a second. - You know, I kind of like - where you were. - Okay, I'm gonna - try something else. It's really important to pick poses that the model feels comfortable in. And it's important to show that I can match up the lines and I do have technical precision to do that. Head to toe. I look around, and I see other painters already painting. - I'm sorry, I'm just - at a loss with this. I'm freaking out. The time is running out. No, don't like it. - Bring your feet - more where you were. We get the insane time of only five hours to do this camouflage challenge. I don't know. And it takes me 45 minutes to position my model. - I'm sorry, - I'm just at a loss with this. So I got to figure it out. I just figure out a position, get the camera set... Great, this is it. And just start going and start basing out her legs. Why plaid? I hate you, plaid. - All right, guys, - we got four hours left. Let's do it. I am excited that it's camouflage, because I do a lot of camouflage paintings in my own work. This is my challenge to win. Bring that hip back up again. - In this challenge, - the model's pose is important - because she needs - to be comfortable. Otherwise, she's going to be moving a lot. Unfortunately, every movement of your body changes the position everywhere else. Oh, hip down again, there. I look at Dawn Marie's model, and I think, "Oh, God, I would hate to be her." The pose that Dawn Marie placed the model, she didn't look at the monitor, and it was really tricky for the model to follow directions. You see how my hands are? - Go like this, - touch your face. Touch your face--yeah. - Do you need more time - to rest your arm, or are you good? - Like this, right? - Yeah. - Okay, painters, - how you guys doing? - Really well. - Awesome. Hi, Aryn. - Hi. - How's it going? Oh, my God! It's Cat Cora! Totally an honor to meet you. - Well, thank you, - and it's an honor to be able to watch all of you in action. This is incredibly ambitious. Time management is gonna be huge. Hey, Fernello. - Hi. - How are you? The colors are great. It's just trying to do a more dynamic pose. Picking the right pose is a very, very big deal. - Hey, Cheryl Ann. - Hi. Now tell us what's going on with you and the blondes. Is there a weird blonde rivalry happening? It's just some blonde ambition. - I think the battle - of the blondes is happening. - This was the station - I would have chosen. I just love all the textures. - I love - all of the different sizes, and it's kind of a chef's dream. Exactly. Lana, be honest. How disappointed were you to lose the fruit buffet? You know, I was disappointed - 'cause I got - so excited first, but I can camouflage to any background. Yeah, I can tell you're really - using your monitor well; - that's smart. Hello, Avi. How you doing here? - You know, - I'm kind of enjoying it, and I'm really happy I got the fish and all the seafood, 'cause in Israel, - technically we're not allowed - to eat those. And when I moved to the States, I was trying it, and it was delicious. Are you a rule-breaker? So I'm a bad Jew. Well, a happy Jew, though, yeah? And happy. He seems happy. There, don't move. We got it. Dawn Marie, how's it going? Hardest part was, you know, I was basing out the squares - on the bottom - and keeping that lined up, - because that's what's really - gonna throw the rest off. Did you ever consider laying your model down? Couldn't really sit my model on the meat, so... - Rudy. - Rebecca! So you are the one who ended up with the non-food buffet. When I saw the plates, - I really liked - the design of this, - and I want to make - a little stencil to try to make that go faster. - It's definitely not - the easiest station, in my opinion. Okay, painters, manage your time well. And the judges can't wait to see you all at the elimination stage. Thanks, painters. - Good luck. - Good luck. - Look pretty good. - Thank you. Ooh, you got some writing over there. - I know. - That's gonna be some tough. - You want to trade, - you do the writing? I know you're good at writing. Uh, no. Rudy, what the hell are you thinking with the Skin "Warss"? Rudy is not using the monitor very good. This could be really bad. Yeah, right there, perfect. - You made a stencil - of that, right? - Yeah. - It's hot. - I'm pretty confident - that my piece is better than the other painters'. I'm the MacGyver of stenciling. Bring that knee back up again. My model is moving around a lot. I'm getting her in position, and literally within five seconds, she's shifting. - Oh, my God, - why is this not matching? I can't get my lines to match up. I'm screwed. Three hours, you guys. Let's do this! Okay, like that? No, no, just... Oh, okay, okay. - So I'm looking over - at Fernello, and he has his model posed like Sports Illustrated on the beach. Okay, adjust again. - I've actually shot with - models that have done that pose, and I know they cannot hold it more than five minutes. This could be a disaster right off the bat. Oh, God, okay. - Come on, - you can do it. Put your back into it. - How's your model doing, - Fernello? I don't care. You do care. She works for me. No pain, no gain. The top part of my piece, it's blending out exactly how I thought it would. The bottom's not so good. I'm not able to find the right colors. We're on the homeward stretch, so if you can make it, that'd be great. How much time do we have? We have ten minutes left. Whatever you ain't done, it ain't gonna get done. You have to remember the same positions, okay? Vital. - If you don't remember - the same positions, my ass is gonna be sent home today. Okay, painters, time's up. Put your tools down. Oh, hey. I am worried. This competition is on the line. If I cannot deliver on this, I could be going home. Welcome, painters. Hi. Well, you each had to create a body paint that blended perfectly with your buffet station. Tonight you're being judged on the following criteria: camouflage and blending ability, creativity and design concept, technique and execution of the challenge. You had five hours to create your mouth-watering work, and we can't wait to see your designs. Well, let's welcome back our revered judges, Craig Tracy... Hello, painters. Robin Slonina... Hello, everybody. RuPaul Charles. I'm lactose intolerant. And joining us is our special guest judge, the world-famous chef Cat Cora. Hi, painters. Okay, painters, it's time for you to serve up your designs. Okay, Lana, you're up first. - Please step down - to the stage. I placed my model inside of a composition. It was really hard to do this pose, 'cause your legs are crossed. Lana, you've made so many great choices. I love all of the color, except what looks to be pink checkers instead of a light red checker. - Well, you made it - look delicious, and I'm so impressed with it. - Great job. - Thank you. Okay, Avi, you're next. So I got the seafood. - I actually got very excited - to get it. I did detail with the airbrush. I actually even camouflaged the fish. - Avi, it wasn't - until you said she's holding the fish that I even saw it. You can't even see it. My eye is so tricked with this. - I would have gone with blue - with the toe, instead of the white. It's the only thing you see, those little white toes. - Other than that, - it's impeccable. I'm so impressed. - Thank you, Avi. - Thank you very much. - Okay, Cheryl Ann, - you're next. Hello. I positioned my model in a way to make her legs look like the folds in the tablecloth. I love 99% of what you've done here. I find that the pose is a bit symmetrical. That's a little bit boring to me. Other than that, a really beautiful painting. You have a magnificent set of melons. - Do you like my melons, Ru? - Mm. Now, I know that you sort of stole this away from Lana. She was really excited about getting the fruit stand, and then when I found out that I get to choose, maybe I could throw her off her game just a little bit, just enough to give me that advantage so I can win. Okay, Dawn Marie, tell us about your painting. Holy hell. It's not matching up. Oh. I chose the pose for my model - so that I could show - a little bit of everything in the background. Now, have you done camouflage before? - I have never - done a camouflage ever. This was my first attempt. - Why didn't you try it - before you came? Honestly, I work full-time for the school district as a special ed assistant, and I-- it was a time thing. - You know, - one of the most important lines in the composition is that horizontal table line. For that to be shifted, it really does make it more challenging to see your model disappear. Unfortunately, my model likes to wiggle. But that's a hard pose to hold, so I can't blame it on her. It was the pose we both mutually agreed on, so-- - And you're ultimately - responsible for the final photo. I'm ultimately responsible. Okay, thank you, Dawn Marie. Thank you. - I'm incredibly worried - at this point. - I kind of - screwed the pooch here. Damn it. Okay, Rudy, you're next. This was actually my first time doing camouflage. - I thought it was - gonna be very easy, with just bold colors and simple lines. So I chose to go and do a bold move and have her in the middle so I could try to match it up with the logo, but it's Skin "Warss," with that-- With that S. You can paint better than this. I'm not a photographer, so this, five hours to do my first camouflage was a little bit stressful. I'm happy with what I did because it was my first time - doing such - a detailed camouflage. But this is not Excuses Wars. Oh-ho-ho. This sucks. You can paint better than this. I'm not a photographer. This is not Excuses Wars. Oh-ho-ho. Do you understand? At some point, you're responsible for everything. This sucks. - Rudy, you made your own - stencils, didn't you... I did. - To match that tablecloth - on the bottom? How did the tablecloth end up so off? In this situation, stencils don't work because of the angles that you're dealing with with the human body. Yeah, you can't cut a stencil from a flat pattern, paint it on someone that's not flat, and expect it to match up. - I'm a little unhappy - with the fact that the S in "Skin Wars" was really askew, but ultimately, I think I won't be going home. All right, Sammie, you're up. Hello. I decided to challenge myself and do perspective with my piece. The champagne on your piece looks really delicious. I love the color. I love what you did with the linen. I think that technique is absolutely stunning. Thank you. Okay, Rachel, your turn. I wanted to pick a area of breakfast that was more challenging. The color of the legs and the thickness of the lines, it's just not blending. - You didn't think this might have - been something to practice? I've been practicing painting skills for a while, so, no, I didn't think the camouflage in specific. I was practicing all the other ones, so... Okay, well, thank you, Rachel. Thank you so much. Rio. The very first thing I approached was the top part of the espresso machine. Then I got frustrated with trying to find the color where her legs was. - What do you attribute - the success of the top part of the piece and not so much on the bottom half? I kind of fell in and out of focus - because I got frustrated - with myself. I was really trying to find, in my mind, what color that actually was. From head to shoulder, it's phenomenal. Thank you. Okay, Fernello. - Doing this pose - for the model - was a struggle - throughout the whole process. Didn't know laying her down would be so hard for her shoulders. There's a lot of technical problems. The pose, it just overall was a little bit too much for you. - Whether you're painting - a canvas, whether you're putting a dish together for presentation, it's about taking in the whole picture, and I feel like we only got half of the picture here. Okay, Kyle, your turn. I didn't want it just to be a normal pose. I wanted to challenge myself. I don't feel like the sombreros are blending, but, man, those blankets in the foreground, that is just perfect. I just love the fact that when I look at this, I have to take two or three looks to spot her head. So congratulations. Okay, thank you, Kyle. Thank you. Aryn, come on down. This is my first ever camouflage. So for the pose, I went with a slight bow. - I'm blown away, - and did you say - you haven't done - camouflage before? Right. Just the work and the detail on the sushi--bravo. I think the true test is if it makes me hungry, and this definitely makes me hungry. Awesome. Okay, painters, the judges have a lot to discuss. Please head back to the lounge. - I am incredibly - worried at this point. I would love to say, "Blame the model." But I can't blame the model. She was in a tough position, and I put her there. And that choice could be sending me home. - So, judges, - overall thoughts? What do you think? I was impressed. - I mean, what they were able - to pull off in five hours just blows me away. - I heard - too many excuses. - Okay, guys, - let's talk about Avi. I honestly could not find his model at all. The only thing I could critique would be that toe. It was technically astounding. It fulfilled the challenge of full camouflage. Cheryl Ann. She is an expert technician. Her camera marks were perfect, so for everybody else - with all of their excuses... - Right. This was an example of perfection. Who do you think was on the weaker end of the work we saw today? It was Rudy that was the least favorite for me. If he'd at least nailed our show's logo, - that would have gone - a long way with us. Exactly. Also, I felt that Dawn Marie, overall, I thought it was a fail. She really messed up in the very beginning - by posing her model - the wrong way. - It started with the pose. - I think you're right. Fernello was weak. It wasn't a clear focus. What'd you think about Rachel? - I respect her - that she challenged herself, - but I just don't think - she pulled it off. Okay, judges, have you made up your mind? - Yeah. - Think so. - Yeah? - Yeah. Painters, you all took on one of the toughest body painting challenges, and most of you did an incredible job. But only one of you will be the winner, and one of you will be going home. Rio... Lana... Kyle... Sammie... Fernello... Congratulations, you are all safe. You may head back to the lounge. The rest of you represent the top three and the bottom three. One of you will be tonight's winner, and one of you will be going home. That's so scary to be there, though. Avi... Cheryl Ann... Aryn... congratulations. You are the top three. Please step forward. Cheryl Ann... What? I won. Yes. Congratulations. No. You did an amazing job. You are safe. Oh, she's safe. All right, get out of here, like... I thought I had this. Avi, Aryn... one of you is tonight's winner. Avi, your colors were stunning, and your camouflage was flawless. What can I say? Even your mistakes were gorgeous. Aryn, man, you turned it out. It was fantastic. You know, you've been flying kind of under the radar so far. Well, that is over. That is over, and we're so excited to see what you have to bring. Thank you. It's time to find out who had the best buffet blend. The winner of this challenge is... It's time to find out who had the best buffet blend. - The winner - of this challenge is... Avi. - Yay! - Congratulations. Good job. Yay! I'm so proud of myself, and I'm sure my mom and my family will be proud too. It's just exceptionally well done. - Thank you. - Congratulations. Thanks. - Avi, did you ever think you were - gonna win this challenge? You know, I saw so much talent today. I'm exciting. Thank you all. - You are exciting, - congratulations. - You may head - back to the lounge. Dawn Marie, Rudy, Rachel, - the three of you - are in danger of going home tonight. Please step forward. Rachel... You are safe. Thank you. I'll keep working on it. I feel so relieved that I'm safe. I have to be better, you know? I have to work harder, because I want to be here. Rudy, Dawn Marie, only one of you will survive to the next round. Dawn Marie, your piece just didn't quite work. It was messy, and the lines didn't line up. Your model was uncomfortable, and it showed. Rudy, in my world, plates are the canvas. - Unfortunately, - your "Skin Wars" sign was off, the legs were off, and you just didn't deliver. You also had issues with it being just kind of messy, and I'm just not seeing any fire in you. Dawn Marie, Rudy... the painter who will be going home is... Rudy. It's okay. I know, but still. Dawn Marie, that means you survived. Thank you, I'll do my best to reach your expectations. - Please go back - to the painters' lounge. Thank you. Aw. We're here. That sucks. Rudy, on Skin Wars, your fate is determined by your talent and the decisions that you make. I'm positive that your talent is there. It's just some of the decisions that you've made. I'm upset that I'm going home, - but at the same time, - I'm excited, because I get to try a lot of new techniques that I never imagined that I'd open myself up to. - We'll be watching. - Thanks. Rudy, it's time to go wash off your canvas. I'm feeling a little surprised by the decision, - as I felt that - there were other competitors that did far worse than I did. Who's gonna brush your hair? - Skin Wars - was a great experience. I really put myself out there, and I'm very proud of that. - My future is looking - pretty bright leaving the competition, and I'm pretty stoked about the new things I'm gonna get to do. This is not my last stop. Next time on Skin Wars... Say hello to Zendaya. Hey! - This looks fun. - Musical chairs? It's not a game. We are here to win $100,000. Nobody's playing. Go, Rio. Go, Rio, go, Rio. Stop! Oh! You're about to compete in teams of two. It's nice to work with an assistant who knows how to paint. Um... - Wait a minute, did she just - call me her assistant? - Women, in general, - are ticking time bombs. I'm just saying. Oh, the **** just got real. Err, err. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 