Skin Wars: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Skin Wars 
 s1e9 - Reunion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Skin Wars (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Reunion - full transcript 
 All ten contestants return for a look back at the highs and lows, the showdowns and the truth behind the memorable moments of the first season. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [RuPaul] Ten painters,   three judges, 500 brushes,  two hundred pasties,   thongs, wigs,  and more colors   than mother nature herself,  and tonight we aren't holding anything back as we discuss and relive some of the most talked-about moments of the show. This is the season one  Skin Wars "Reunion". [electronic music] [cheers and applause] Hey! It's good to see you all again. Let's hear it for our Skin Wars champion, Natalie. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [cheers and applause] Now, kids, we've got a lot to get in tonight, so let's get it started. Natalie, after a long, hard-fought season, you are our champion. At what point did you know you were going to win? When the girls turned around and my name was written on the back. [laughter] And what was going through your head when you heard your name called? I think everything just went kind of blurry, and I just kind of fell into Shannon's arms, and she caught me, and the next thing I knew, I was back in Oregon. It was all just a big whirlwind. Well, everyone's dying to know, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 what are you gonna do with the money? -[laughs] -Or have you already spent it? Well, there's probably a lot of debt collectors, like, jumping for joy, you know? There's a little bit of stuff that I've got to take care of first. And then I have some big art projects I would like to do next year. So did anyone else think that Natalie was going to win? -Over here. Really? -Liars! Oh, no, I'm not lying. I'm straight up. I knew you were gonna win. I felt that way. What made you think that she was gonna win? Because she's so creative from the start, and it's just-- The things that she came up with-- Like, who comes up with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich? -I'm like, "why?" -Wha-- [laughter] -La La La La  -You know, you're so-- I mean, like, look at some of the art she did, like those wine bottles-- I mean, phenomenal. And, Felle, you thought that she was gonna win. It got to the point where I was like, "Damn. Like, she's not running out of creative ideas." And after a while, I thought some kind of pressure or stress or something would get to her, and she never folded, never, not once. She, honestly, was at the top of her game the whole, you know, competition. And once I realized I was gone, you know, I looked at Natalie, and I said, you know, "You can do it." [RuPaul] I love it. Now, this season had a lot of insane moments that were touching and moments that were downright frustrating. And through it all, the ten of you created some of the most amazing artwork. Let's take a look at this season's most memorable moments. Welcome to the first season of Skin Wars.  [cheers and applause] [Rebecca] For your first challenge, we want you to be inspired by your new home, Hollywood. I love Dutch. I'm feeling a little in over my head. I love, love, loved it. -You're the winner. -What? Alan, it's time for you to go home. Go, go, go! [Rebecca]  You must create a body painting  that will make your models disappear.  I am freaking out. His model's laying on the floor. Oh, my god! This is not a really good painting. This is a great painting. That's the best I could do under these circumstances. If you can't work within the time frame, it doesn't work in the competition. In this challenge, your teammate becomes your competitor. I'm so sorry, sweetie. -I don't want to go home. -Mythica surprised everybody. and most of all, she surprised Dutch. [laughs] You will be painting your biggest fear on your own face. Boo! Shannon, take 30 minutes away from one of your competitors. -Mythica. -Aah! Wow. Holy mackerel. That was insane! We're adding another layer to this challenge. -What? -Yeah, buddy! Not my first rodeo. [laughs] The winner of this challenge is Gear. Are they nuts? Are they absolutely nuts? [yelling] [cheers and applause] [Rebecca] Sumo... My dream has come true. This mopey-artist thing that you're doing, if you think that is a strategy, it is not! [Rebecca] For the final challenge,  we wanted to give you   a little extra inspiration.  [cries] Mama. Oh, Mama. You should be really happy with what you've done. I think you found your diamond. It's nuts, isn't it? The first-ever Skin Wars  champion is... Natalie! Congratulations! My life is forever freakin' changed. -Hip hip hooray! -Yeah! [cheers and applause] You know, because you guys were the first season of Skin Wars,  You didn't have the advantage of knowing what the show was. Now, do any of you-- Honestly, do any of you think that you should have won? -Yes. -Okay. -[laughter] -That's why I showed up. I totally thought I should have won. Do you feel that your work was better than, say, Natalie's? Absolutely not, but I think I could have won... -[laughter] -Because I don't feel that I got out of the gate. I just couldn't get my focus where it needed to be at the time. And, you know, I was pretty intimidated, by everything... and it was very distracting, right? Now, does anybody else feel that the judges made the wrong choice? Dutch? -Wow, that's a can of worms. -[laughter] I think Dutch should have won the show. I'm gonna stroke Dutch here a little bit, 'cause I don't think he was at all this season. I think there were many times that my mouth just fell open. I sat at home and watched this, like a lot of the people out there did. May tick some people off. I don't know. I don't care. It's my opinion. We're gonna get into that. We will definitely get into that. But as we know, social media has revolutionized television and the way the public gets to experience it. Now, I know that Dutch has gotten a lot of people from around the world -talking about you... -Mm-hmm. -Specifically. -[Alan] They love him. Well, the pros and cons, you know. Obviously, you're very recognizable. What's been the most incredible response from the public? The big slap in the face for me was all of the negative posts on social media. -[RuPaul] Really? -Oh, yeah. Did it affect you? You know, for the first two or three episodes, it really did. I'm not gonna lie. It was hard... Because, you know, I worked so hard touring the world kind of creating this image, you know. And then to all of a sudden have everybody not like you anymore -was really hard. -Right. I just want to ask everybody, how has your life changed since it's been on? Mythica, how has your life changed? Are you still homeless? I am looking for an apartment. -so that's an improvement. -[cheers and applause] -Good. -Good. Alan, you are a proud father now. -[cheers and applause] -I am. Had nothing to do with the show. -[laughter] -Look at that face. -[all] Aw! -[RuPaul] Oh, wow. She made that face when I got voted off and Mythica stayed. -Oh, my god. -Really, it's not that bad. -What about you, Gear? -I got to say real quick-- I wrote myself a check for $100,000 before I got on the show, and you know what, win, lose, or draw, it was like, "I'm gonna make this manifest." And since then, things have been going so well, because I wanted 'em so bad, and I'm putting out the positive energy, sticking to my guns. And you know what? Things are happening right now. -Things are happening. -That's true. That's true. I love it. Things have been going good, and, you know, I think this is opening doors for each and every one of us, no matter what the outcome would have been. Working with Gear, there's a little bit of a language barrier. Boyow! Shtew! Da, da, da, da, like... [imitating gunshots] Yow-ow-ow! [growls] I mean, there's a lot of... [imitating gunshots, explosions] Shee. Na, na, na, na, na. Yow-ow-ow! [imitating gunshots] [mumbling gibberish] In my head, I got these Gear sound effects going, you know, of... [imitating Gear's gibberish] [mumbling gibberish] Ya-wow! I can't do it, really. Bam. Bam. Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. Bam. bam! Bam. bam. [laughter and applause] Well, what do you want me to do? Now, everyone is here, and no subject is off the table. Now, what I want to know is, what was it like living together in one house? The good, the bad, and the ugly. It was awesome, but it sucked at the same time. You know, living with competitors is hard, you know, especially when you're on the stage throwing each other under the bus, and then you have to go home and eat dinner together, you know. It's like... [bleep] Now, Felle, you often seemed to rub the ladies -the wrong way. -I love 'em. Uh-huh. Here, let's take a look. We gonna take a look? So we're doing, like, a fire-and-ice kind of thing. Her idea is to involve, you know, koi fish. We're gonna put my fish on fire. Well, then your water would be blue. -No. -Well, no. [Felle] I'm only 50% in control of this artwork. I say let the chips fall where they may. -You're gonna do a stencil? -Yeah, definitely. -That way we can get through-- -I would hand-paint those. There is a little bit of a power struggle between Felle and I. I would like to learn how to make the highlights on water -with an airbrush. -[Felle] I'll do the highlights. -Now is not the time to learn. -Now is the time to learn. I'll teach her whatever she needs to know, but not in a $100,000 challenge. Are you guys gonna make props? How would you make your tray? -Just a-- -[Felle] So you guys are gonna just tell my competition how to do this stuff? -You might let them do the paint. -Oh, hogwash. -Why the hell is she here? -I've had enough. Don't let your emotions get you sent home. Excuse me. I was thinking of making a hood with the ears on it. Nicole's sketch it's looking like a caveman outfit. Whatever we're gonna do, let's do it. Felle has put this horrendous prosthetic on the mouth of our model. I give up. There really is no partnership between Nicole and I. Felle, I hated that face prosthetic. I hated it! Let me talk to my partners. ...then win our challenges and quit talking to losers. Felle, not the attitude to have. -I didn't say nothing wrong. -You just said... "I'm gonna go with my team that win challenges." -It was a joke, Nicole. -That wasn't a joke. Nightmare. Nightmare! [laughter] [cheers and applause] [RuPaul] So, Nicole, what happened between you two? -Ooh. well, you know-- -I love you. I love you, too, Felle. And, you know, it's a shame that we didn't collaborate. We really didn't collaborate at all in that challenge. -We collaborated. -Not successfully and... [laughter] Like I said earlier, being in a competition like this, I learned a lot about myself. And, you know, I would definitely like to apologize to the ladies. It's hard for me to follow, and I've been leading so long by myself and been succeeding at that. So, for me to allow Nicole to lead me was really, really hard for me. Well, it wasn't even about leading. You know, I'm a great team member, I feel like. Gear and I both are very strong artists in our styles, and to collaborate and to be like, "We should do this and this and this," and bring both of our ideas together. Some chemistry is just better than others. I think that we totally could have done that, pulled it off. We were so busy with trying to figure out our vision, we were wasting time, and I didn't see it, so we just pretty much said, "Okay." 'Cause the clock was ticking. And that was my biggest issue, was I just didn't see the vision. And watching that, I realized that I was 100% wrong. [RuPaul] Time for some viewer questions. Brittany Morris from Facebook wants to know, "Mythica, what was the hardest  Skin Wars challenge that you accomplished?" Usually when I'm painting, it's to heal in some way, shape, or form, and there was no need for that In the space of the competition of the show. And that's the thing that I really wanted to accomplish -when I came to the show. -[RuPaul] I love it. Whether it was her spirituality, her rituals, there was something about Mythica. Here's some never-before-seen footage. Check this out. I don't want to go home and be homeless again. It's not a financial competition. -I'm on food stamps, you know? -I'm below food stamps. Mythica has caused a few scenes that have got people a bit uncomfortable. [Natalie] All I was saying to her-- I was like, "We're all afraid of getting kicked off the show. That's not anything new." You thought that was a load of-- Yeah. Of course I did. Did you not? [bowl humming] I've been rooming with Mythica since the beginning of the show, and it's been really difficult. She starts talking to the Rice Krispies in her head. She's got her essential oils going, and she's talking about how her body painting saves lives. You know who actually saves lives is Alan, because he's a fireman. So, Shannon, which one of your competitors -will be losing 30 minutes? -Mythica... you will be losing 30 minutes. The way that Shannon says it is painful. Okay, Mythica, please take a seat for 30 minutes. I'm sad. I'm angry. I'm frustrated. The tension is just so big. This morning, I'm finally gonna do it. I throw all of my stuff into my suitcase haphazardly and drag it up the stairs and say to the girls... Hey, roomies. "Hey, is it okay, you guys? Can I move in?" To the smell of eucalyptus muscle rub and meditation gongs. Oh! There was some bad energy between Mythica and Shannon. -Told her? -Yeah, yeah. It was like, "I'll always love you," and, "You could never say anything to me to hurt you," and I was like, "Wait till you see the show." [laughter and applause] -Oh, wow. -[RuPaul] Mythica... Now, you saw the clip. Do you feel that the clip accurately portrayed you? Well, in terms of, like, doing my spiritual thing and everything that I did, yeah. I mean, that's-- I had my ritual every day. I just had to use everything I could to maintain myself. Now, what about the rest of you? What was it like living with Mythica? I think the Mythica that was portrayed in the beginning was kind of misleading. You know, I still believe she's a beautiful person, but there were certain things that-- you know, like, she drew some kind of demon or something and put it, you know, on the refrigerator, and that kind of shocked me. And a letter was found, where it was like, -you know, "Plan of attack." -Oh, yeah, that was with me. -That scared me. -[RuPaul] What was this? -Yeah. -[RuPaul] Who found a letter? It wasn't-- She was writing it. And I walked by her room, and I said, "What are you writing?" and she said, "My battle plan." And I said, "What's your battle plan?" and she said, "Make everyone think they're my friend." -[gasps] -It was really super scary. And I was like, "Oh, [bleep]." Then I went upstairs and vented with the girls. It was just a little-- I'm thinking like, "Okay, we're on a TV show. We're in a body-painting competition. It's not that ser-- We're not at war." Now, Shannon, I know that you had your issues with Mythica. I want to know how you really feel about her spirituality. Shannon, did Mythica use her spirituality as a strategy or only when it worked for her? No. However, her spirituality really came out when the cameras were on. Shannon, was it your relationship with Mythica in the house that made you take time away from her in the superhero challenge? Yes, it was. Mythica was always great. She was always gracious. She was always kind. She never said a bad word about me. I just think that our energy was different. We're not designed to get along with everybody all the time... and want to love everybody. And Mythica just only wanted to just love me and hug me. And I was just like, "Whoa. I don't want you to touch me at all." [RuPaul] Is that why you didn't want to be roommates with her? Yeah, it was just too much. It was building and building and building, and after a 20-hour day on set, that last thing I want is a big Mythica hug at the end of the day. So I felt like it was my strategy to get away from it. And when I came into the work studio the following day to do the challenge, her station was moved right next to mine. So I thought, "Okay, am I gonna go home on Skin Wars  "because I can't get away from this person? I can't have my own time?" So that's why I chose her. But this feeling carried over after the competition, because you later blocked her on Facebook. I did. And I didn't block you on Facebook for any other reason other than I just wanted some clearness. I didn't want you to message me, Mythica, or I didn't want to see your stuff on my feed. But, you know, before the reunion, I reached out to Mythica and friended her, and I asked for your forgiveness, not that that's anyone's business at home. But, you know, I'm not proud of those moments where I had to be, like, a little gossip girl and, you know, chat with my girlfriends about it. And, you know, I just-- I am totally sorry. I don't see us being best buddies or, like, having lunch anytime in the near future, but I'm okay with just being cool. It's been that way my whole life. People either really love me, or there's this total repellent thing. Like, it's opposite magnets. And there's never been a lot of in-between. You guys are both cool-- Shannon and Mythica? Yeah. Yeah, we talked it out. -[Shannon] Yeah. -[RuPaul] Gonna hug it out? [laughs] -[all] Hug it out! -Later. [laughter] All right, listen, now, judging wasn't always easy, and at times, we were torn. But the one thing that never changed, we were never at a loss for words. Take a look at the judges in action. [cheering] Our first judge is Craig Tracy. Hello. Robin Slonina. -RuPaul Charles. -Whoa. And our very special guest judges-- -Please welcome Lynda Carter! -Mwah! -Joanne Gair. -Whoa! -Renowned artist Emma Cammack. -It's gonna be hard. Emmy-winning TV personality -Carson Kressley. -Hi, everybody. -Oh, my god! -Wow. The judges are awesome. Good luck! She is a super freak! I feel so overdressed. You definitely captured cute and ugly. I'm not buying it. She could make that better. Were you at all inspired by Dutch's hair? You know, this could get skin-teresting. I'm just saying. Your storytelling is quite unique. It was so yummy that I wanted to eat it. [RuPaul] Some people wear their heart on their sleeve. She wears her heart on her ass. For a commercial shoot it would be unusable. It felt really off. That is what will make or break you. I am blown away with your skill. She could definitely be on a movie poster. If we saw any more crack, we'd have to arrest her for dealing drugs. I thought it was skin-tastic, skin-tillating, very skin-pressive. I'm always a sucker for a pearl necklace. When it first came out, it gave me that "wow." Just blown away. I got chills. This is gonna be a really tough decision. I'm glad I'm not them. [applause] Now, as a judge myself, I cannot tell you how every decision is a tough choice. And here to elaborate on that with me, I'd like to bring out our other judges. The fabulous guru of body painting, Craig Tracy is here. And she's the owner of the world-famous skin city body painting in Las Vegas, Robin Slonina. -[cheers and applause] -Hi, guys. That was for you, Craig. [laughter] Now, was this a trip or what? So much fun watching the show, and I'm so proud of each and every one of you guys. And, Craig, how different was this from judging competitions around the world? It is the biggest, hardest, longest, craziest competition that has ever existed for this art form. Yes. Wow. I want to know, what was it like being a judge? It was really hard. And, you know, I know that some of our judgments have gotten a lot of flak on social media. But, you know, I have to pull everyone back to what our judging criteria was. It was threefold. Only one third was technique. The other third was originality and creativity. The other third was implementation of the challenge. And so, you know, you could be a technique monster, but it only counted for a third. And that's the rules that we had to stick to. I just want to ask our judges here, did you judge Dutch at a higher standard because you knew of his reputation? Or anybody else. Did you judge some of the other painters because you knew of them prior to the competition? No, absolutely not. I do understand that someone could have that perception. But it is just a very flawed way of... interpreting a loss. Painters, this is your chance to confront the judges. Were there any critiques or eliminations you didn't agree with? I was copacetic with all of them, but I was always like... She was surprised when she won the state challenge. -I was. -She was, like, super-- -Couldn't believe it. -It was shocking. Now, Dutch, were there any criticisms that you didn't agree with? The Gear and Natalie standoff. I just think when it comes down to picking a winner or loser, you got to do that as a judge, and-- -We did. -Yeah. -We did. -[laughter] We chose to give them an opportunity to paint further. Sure. Sure. No, I appreciate that. [RuPaul] Yeah, in fact, Dutch, you were also one of the most vocal when it came to disagreeing with the judges. Dutch, you had a lot of people trying to figure out whether or not you were truly confident or just plain cocky. Here, see what I mean? My name's Dutch. I am the complete embodiment of an artist. My skill sets and my renderings are impeccable. I see a lot of really contrived pieces, so I'm thinking, "I got this in the bag." Mythica, who do you pick as your teammate today? I would love to work with Dutch. I know immediately that she's gonna pick me. But because of our teacher-student relationship, she's very subservient, and I'm cool with that. Dutch, you're a technique monster. Say it again. Your piece was, like, A-plus one side, C-minus other side. [Natalie] There's a difference between having an opinion and being, like, a just straight-up [bleep]. The winner of this challenge is Gear. [record scratches] I thought it was gonna be more about quality of work. Okay. I don't usually get excited about my own stuff, but this piece is really frickin' gorgeous. Why do you think people assume that you're gonna ace stuff? I guess by reputation. I'm super frustrated with Dutch's arrogance. I think what Dutch is trying to say is that, "I did not come here to make friends." -Yes. -[Rebecca] Did any of you think on day one that it would be the three of you standing here? -Yes. -Oh. [laughter and applause] Now, we have another question from Facebook fan Scott Jones: "Why is Dutch so arrogant? You can be as good as he is and still be humble." So, Dutch, it's time to clear the air. Just like Felle says quite frequently, it's like, I keep it real. I say exactly what I think. You don't always say the right word, you know? The problem is you'd kick us when we were down. Like, we'd get in the van after, like, you know, losing Gear, and I'm bawling, and, like, Dutch is right next to me, "Well, I thought Gear's piece was way [bleep] better than yours." I'm like, "All right, dude, this is already a really hard moment." Some of that is the competition. Is it not? [RuPaul] It is absolutely the competition. If I can say anything from an outsider sitting here watching this show, he was the only one here that was after that $100,000. And, "You guys can be friends all you want all day long..." -Natalie was after that $100,000. -"But I want the $100,000, and I'll cut any throat here to get it, and then we can all be friends later." Regarding Dutch specifically, I hear, "Victim, victim, victim." And is that what you are, Dutch? You're a victim? Of editing, yes... [laughs] to an extent. Wouldn't we all be edited? [Dutch] Yeah, yeah. I told Dutch I would trade places with him anytime, because the one thing that I know about Skin Wars is, no matter who won the competition, everybody was still talking about Dutch. They just kept talking about Dutch, how much they love him or hate him, but they kept talking about Dutch. So, Dutch, was it strategic? Was all this cockiness persona strategic? Well, to a degree, at the beginning, I definitely set myself away from everybody. I didn't want any interpersonal relationships with anyone. I didn't want to get caught up in the drama. And, you know, but the drama finds you anyway. -You brought the drama. -[Dutch] I... You infuriated your fellow painters. [Dutch] Yeah, you know, I wasn't really expecting my-- I guess, my statements to be so infuriating, you know, 'cause I was giving... I was giving... You know, sort of unemotional critiques was what I was giving 90% of the time. No one asked for your critique, -I would assume. -[Natalie] That was it. Are you gonna change your behavior based on having seen yourself on Skin Wars?  -Uh, yeah, probably. -[laughter] You know, I want the viewing audience to know that I really don't think I'm all that hot snot. You know, I do-- I am proud of what I've achieved as a face and body artist. I do love teaching and traveling. I do love what I do tremendously. I guess, when I came to this competition, I thought maybe those critiques would have been a little bit more appreciated. All right, listen, we're gonna cover the paint-off that the Internet went crazy over. Now, this season had a lot of moments that were downright frustrating. Natalie, I'm talking about the mythological team challenge, where your teammates, Dutch and Felle, seemed to turn on you. Let's take a look. My biggest competition here has got to be those three airbrush gods-- Gear, Dutch, and Felle. Can we come together? I can work on some of the things on the front. Yes, no, anything? Gentlemen? Natalie's panicking. I have so many ideas, and the boys keep telling me, "Just wait. Just wait." [Felle] Please don't be mad at us, Natalie. If I go home because these boys are bastards, I'm just gonna hate myself. So, if your team is the losing team, who'd go home tonight? Hands down, definitely Natalie. I would have to choose Natalie. Just being brutally honest. The boys threw me under the freakin' bus. I'm Natalie's roommate, and she stayed up all night last night coming up with the concept. This is her piece. There's no way she should go home on this challenge. [Felle chuckles] I still love you, even though we turned into team throw-under-bus. I don't feel any regret for doing that. I mean, it's an ugly game. Felle had nothing to do with the creativity. Felle, please go wash off your canvas. That's for throwing me under the bus! -[applause] -Wow. So, Natalie, did it indeed feel like you were being thrown under the bus? Oh, yeah. I hate episode five. I mean, surprisingly, Dutch and I worked together really well in the mini challenge. That was what was disappointing about it, was 'cause we came off that awesome, you know, collaboration. and then it just kind of got ugly after that. What I hated about the whole situation was, you know, the judges come out, they give us this UV thing, and I was like, "Okay. So here's a moment where I can get weird with it, like I like to do." And working with these two guys, you know, Dutch had a very literal, like, mythical creature. "These are the mythical creatures that I studied in school." And I'm like, "Okay, but what can we do to make it weird? What can we do to make it different? Boys, come on, come on, listen, listen, listen." and then the clock was up, and I was like, "I'm not proud of this piece, because I didn't do anything, like, super cool with it." Is that where you felt that the energy had changed? Yeah, that's when I just-- I wanted some kind of creative, really fun aspect to it, and it wasn't able to happen. You know, that's-- That's how I felt. So, Dutch, why did you stick up for Felle when it was said that he was copying your work? Well, because I thought it was rendered very, very beautifully. Did it have anything to do with Natalie being a big competition for you? No. No, no, no. Honestly, I wanted us all to look good. And in defense of our piece, I thought, as a unit standing onstage, it looked like a cohesive unit. Well, did anybody feel like there was a boys-against-girls story line going on here? I did, for sure. I felt like when Natalie was standing up there, it was just, like, negative, negative, negative, and it was all being thrown at Natalie. Being that the other two people were boys, that's not-- Well, maybe if you guys would have listened to the women a little bit more, like mine and Felle's challenge -that we didn't win-- -[Felle] I just want to stay on topic. Your challenge that you guys didn't win. [laughter] Okay, there was one boy-girl combination who got along, and you know who I'm talking about, right? Let's take a look. This was, by far, the most difficult deliberation the judges have ever had. They could not come to an agreement on who should go home. -[gasps] -Oh, my gosh. The judges have decided to hold a paint-off. -Right now? -Right now. This is nuts. "Here's a knife on the table." "Okay, great." "You guys got to stab each other to death." [whispers] I hate this. I don't want to be against you. Your 30 minutes starts now. This is so juicy right now. Another chance, that's what it is. It's me against my buddy, though. I hate going up against Gear, but I am definitely gonna paint my hardest. [bleep] I don't find any honor in this. I'd rather be sent home than have to paint against one of my friends. That's what we're here for. What if it was you and I up there right now? -You're going down. -Exactly. He is throwing it, and it's a dishonor to not do your best. Paint! I knew it was a mistake for Gear to get too close to her. There is no honor for me in this paint-off. -It just didn't feel right. -Okay. Okay. Let's just break it down, okay? You're about to get spanked. This mopey-artist thing that you're doing, that's very cute, but there's $100,000 at stake. You have to buck up and be a warrior. Do your thing! Be who you are! That's honor. Gear, you let your emotions get the best of you, and for that reason, we will say good-bye. [crying] Go get 'em, tiger. Kick some ass. I'm so grateful, but it's still sad. [sighs] that's a towel thrown into the ring. What is that? -Come on. -What the [bleep]? [Shannon] I know, honey. [applause] All right, Gear, honestly, did you throw the competition for Natalie? The way I played it and stayed true to myself, that's honorable. I stayed true to me. [bleep] this competition. I won for me. You know, Gear, I love you, but you're not staying true to yourself. Oh, man. You agreed to be in the competition, and that's what you had to do, right? So... I wouldn't have done it any different, Sean. Oh, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that I don't think that it was the honorable choice. Then we would have a difference of opinion, -and that's-- -I've got to agree with Sean. If it's me and Natalie at the very end and we're going for $100,000, we may be best friends, we may be great friends, but that $100,000 goes towards my family and my livelihood and everything that I have at home, and nothing comes before that. The fact is we are here because we're committed to trying to win this competition. We got a whole bunch of people watching, and we owe it to them to go and do our best the entire time. Dutch nailed it on the head when he said, you know, like, "You can't just throw the towel in." You know what I mean? [RuPaul] Dutch was visibly angered by Gear's decision. Oh, my emotions were coming across as anger. I was very frustrated and... That was a long day. That was a really long day, and it was also incredibly emotional. While we were sitting in the lounge, you know, kind of, armchair-quarterbacking the whole thing, I started to see Gear-- I mean, he sat there for probably five minutes and just swirled a brush in red. You know, and he was clearly rattled. And, I mean, I wanted to see Gear frickin' pull out two airbrushes like a gunslinger and, "Wha-whaa!" and just, you know, rock it. I wanted to see him explode all over that body and-- -Well, you know what I mean. -[laughter] It was meant to be a gift too. You know, that's one of the toughest things about this competition is you guys do not have enough time to, at times, do your best work. And so the gift of 30 extra minutes, you know, was supposed to be something that was gonna be beneficial to both of you. -Do I get to talk about the paint-off? -[RuPaul] I want to hear about it. -My favorite, favorite subject. -[RuPaul] Favorite subject, yes. Um... The only people that will ever know what it actually felt like was Gear and I. Like, people are like, "That's a dishonor. What the hell are they doing? Are they dating? Are they this? Are they that?" Like, I've seen so much all over the Internet. And nobody will ever know what it felt like, except for the two of us. And I remember we looked at each other and I said, you know, "Let's just paint." And I thought that's what we were gonna do, you know. I did. That's what I thought. Honestly, like, my piece-- my sumo piece, like, it evolved because of Gear. Like, the idea of saying good-bye to someone that you've, you know, spent 24 hours a day with for a long period of time, like, was sad to me. It was sad. It was one of-- you know, one of my favorite people in the house and-- Social-media people thought there was something going on -between you two. -Yeah, and I almost thought that-- I've kind of been dreading this episode for a long time. I was like, "I don't know what it's gonna look like, you know. Like, Gear's got a bangin'-hot girlfriend. And we're both in relationships." [RuPaul] What made you two get along so well? I don't know. I think it's the scorpio thing. I think it was the scorpio thing. I think that, like, I respect Gear so much as an artist, and he's super confident. Like, we talk about concepts. If I would be like, "Hey, I can't think of how to draw a gun. Like, how would you draw a gun if you were doing this?" You know, and we'd sit there with our sketch pads, he would show me-- Sometimes he'd go a little animated overboard with it. [both mumbling gibberish] Natalie, were you surprised by what he did in the paint-off? The thing is, like, I didn't even know that that happened until I was in the van going back to the house. Like, I knew what was going on. Like, I got it that you guys were upset. You felt that he hadn't painted his hardest, you know. But I didn't get a good look at his paint job 'cause we went straight from the paint-off to the front of the stage, and I didn't get it until, you know, Shannon and Dutch and Nicole were all, like, telling me like, "He threw in the towel. He sat there mixing red paint." And I didn't even know. I thought we were both gonna paint. [bleep], you know. I did. I thought that we were both just gonna paint. And I didn't know it was gonna go down that way. Well, Natalie, at the end, I think we both equally got rewarded. Yeah, yeah. Well, this experience has been amazing for everybody involved, the painters, the judges, and the people at home. In fact, it inspired Rebecca and myself to go into the studio and record a song honoring the art of body painting. We call it Color Me Love.  [electronic music] ♪ Color me, color me love ♪ ♪ Color me, color me love ♪ ♪ Color me, color me love ♪ ♪ With a fire in your eyes ♪ ♪ And your body inspiration ♪ ♪ With a fire in your eyes ♪ ♪ And your body inspiration ♪ ♪ Oh-oh oh oh-oh oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh oh oh-oh oh ♪ ♪ Oh-oh oh oh-oh oh ♪ Incredible job tonight. What a great show. [cheers and applause] Well, it was an exciting and fun time, and I cannot tell you how honored I am to have experienced your beauty and your talent. I know we're gonna be hearing a lot more from you and seeing a lot more from you too. I want to thank everyone, the contestants, the judges, the models, and all of you at home, that made this season such a success. But before we go, I have one final surprise. I am happy to announce that there will be a second season of Skin Wars.  [cheers and applause] Now, if you want to be a contestant, Facebook and Twitter for more information. So thank you all and good night. Bark. [panting] Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 