Skin Wars: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Skin Wars 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Skin Wars (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Don't hold back, just give me more ♪ ♪ I want to explore you ♪ - (Rebecca) - In the wild world of competitive body painting, there's nothing more fierce than the power of transformation. It's an all-new season of Skin Wars hosted by me, Rebecca Romijn. ♪ Watch me go ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ I'm fast and low, yeah ♪ - (Rebecca) - You won't believe your eyes, as 12 of America's most talented artists compete and push the boundaries. Absolutely breathtaking. [laughing] - (Rebecca) - Some will rise to the top... [squeals] - (Rebecca) - While others will watch their dreams go down the drain. It fell pretty flat. (Rebecca) It's the challenge of a lifetime for $100,000 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and the ultimate title of Skin Wars champion. ♪ Watch me go ♪ I'm Rudy. - I'm 30. - I'm from Houston, Texas, where I'm known as the Mayor of Makeup. I've been body-painting for ten years. The style that I lean more towards is sci-fi and horror. There are lot of artists that are fantastic here in the U.S., but not all of them are blessed like I've been blessed to be able to make a living out of this. [sighs] - Hi, I'm Sammie. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you too. - Where are you from? Oh, I'm from Houston. - Oh, awesome. - I'm from Utah. - Hi. - I'm Cheryl Ann. Hi, Cheryl Ann. Oh, someone else is here. I'm Dawn Marie. - Hi. - Hey! I'm Kyle. How are you guys? My name is Lana. I live in San Diego right now, but I'm originally from Russia. - [gasps] - Wow. Oh, my God, I'm so excited. I'm really happy body paints in fantasy and ornaments, and I really love bright colors. - Hi, I'm Cheryl Ann. - Hi. - [claps hands] - I have arrived. (all) Oh! - I'm Rio Sirah. - Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I want to rub the unicorn horn for luck. - Nice to meet you. - I'm Dawn Marie. Coming in the work room, you know, - and seeing the blondes - and the brunettes. - Marcio. - Welcome. I'm Lana. Nice meeting you. - And I'm definitely noticing - Lana, for sure. - (Kyle) So tell us - about yourself, Marcio. - Oh, I've been surfing - since I was seven years old. - Come to San Diego. - Ahh. We have cool waves too. I'll definitely check that out. In Miami, I do music videos. I do a lot of nightclubs, and the girls are all body-painted. - You know, - it's a tropical place, so why not, you know, shed your clothes and get painted? Hi, everybody! Hi, I'm Aryn. - Nice to meet you, Aryn. - Kyle. - (Aryn) - Nice to meet you. - I'm about to turn up! - Someone else, hello. Fernello's in the house. The Fernello style is sexy, curvy, and exotic, and that's what I'm known for. I am a virgin to the body-paint competition world, but I set out to conquer. I set out to win. - Listen, I want to take out - my golden shovel, - 'cause I'm about to bury - some people right now. - Oh. - Okay. Fernello with that swag and all that talk, you know, that pimp walk. Who does this? - What's up? - Oh, hey! - How are you? I'm Avi. - How are you? - Nice meeting you. - Well, where are you from, Avi? I'm originally from Israel. - Oh, wow. - Yes. - Hi, I'm Rachel. - Nice to meet you. - Oh, ooh. - Ooh. Hi. I'm from Hawaii, Maui. - Aloha. - Oh, Maui is nice. When Rachel says Ha-vai-ee, it's stupid. It's--it's Hawaii. I pronounce it Ha-vai-ee, 'cause that is the actual pronunciation. So much of Hawaii is inside of me and comes through my brush. I'm here to do my best work, and I'm going to kick ass. I'm really excited. - Whoo! - Oh. Oh, my God. I can't believe that's Rebecca Romijn. [cheers and applause] - Wow. Hello, painters. Hello, hello, hello! This is real life, and I'm standing, like, 10 feet away from Mystique. Welcome to season two of Skin Wars. - Whoo! - Yeah! Butterfly fluttering in my body. - It's starting. - There's no turning back. Season one introduced the incredible world of body painting. We expect the 12 of you to raise the bar even higher. That's right. - As elite artists, - you've shown - that you have the talent - to be here. But to win, you're going to have to impress our revered judges. You've seen his work in national magazines, commercials, films, and more. Please welcome the guru of body paint, Craig Tracy! [cheers and applause] [man whistles] What a great-looking group. Whoo! Craig, I've seen his pictures ever since I wanted to start body-painting. When I look at him, I look at someone that I aspire to be. I wish you luck and creativity, because you're gonna need 'em both to win here. - She's a pioneer in the world - of body painting and the owner of the world-famous Skin City Body Painting in Las Vegas. She's an artist and the ultimate entrepreneur-- Robin Slonina. [cheers and applause] - Hi, everybody. - Hi! (Rio) Robin--she's, like, a phenomenal body painter. I am ecstatic. I cannot wait to see what all of you create. And finally, please welcome one of the most iconic artists on Earth. He's the host of RuPaul's Drag Race and the reigning king-- rewind-- queen of transformation-- RuPaul Charles! [cheers and applause] Hi! Wow. Never in my wildest dreams would I ever imagine I would get to be in the same room with RuPaul. I'm so excited for each of you, to witness your journey in this competition. It's gonna be a blast. Painters, the winner of Skin Wars gets an all-expense-paid trip for two to the World Bodypainting Festival in Austria... [cheers and applause] Where you will compete side by side with the greatest professional body painters on the planet. Oh, I want to go. - (Rebecca) - That's not all. Royal & Langnickel will create a custom brush collection with your name on it. [cheers and applause] [whistles] The winner will also receive $100,000. [cheers and applause] You have all the prizes that any artist would want. And I want that money, and I want the travel. - I want everything - that comes with it, because that's what I'm all about. - It's time - for your first challenge. - God! - Oh! To start off, we want to learn a little bit about you. On this wheel are some defining moments of our lives. - I will spin the wheel - for each of you, - and where it lands - will be the inspiration for your first body-paint challenge. I'm hoping I get the passion, - 'cause I'm passionate - about everything. I'm passionate about right now. (Rebecca) Okay, Fernello... Biggest passion. - Fernello seems happy - with that one. I got this in the bag. (Rebecca) Okay, Lana, you're up. - Favorite song. - I'm good with that. (Rebecca) Marcio. Greatest achievement. - Avi. - Yes. - Favorite childhood memory. - [laughs] I am so exciting. - (Rebecca) - Cheryl Ann. - Ooh. - Biggest passion. (Rebecca) Kyle. Greatest achievement. - [claps hands] [laughter] (Rebecca) Painters, you will be judged on your creativity and design concept, technique, and execution of the challenge. Trust me, you want to do well in this challenge. You will have just three hours to complete your work. That's the bad news. Good news is you only need to paint your model from the waist up, but it must be front and back. Painters, are you ready? - (all) - Yes! Good, 'cause your time starts now. [electronic music] ♪ ♪ I'm looking around, and I'm like, "This is amazing. I feel so lucky to be here right now." [laughter] (Avi) I see all the paint and the airbrush section and all the wigs and the colors and I was like, "I feel in Heaven right now." It's like, whoo. [laughing] Let's start. - We're gonna hook up - the back real nice. You're gonna look so sexy and so awesome. Fernello--it's hilarious, because when you have a big head, when you have ego, you will tumble and fall. - (Fernello) - About to turn up. He will eventually wipe himself out. - Hey, you ready for this? - I'm Kyle. I've been body-painting since I've been 18. I am a jack of all trades. I am an aerial ice skater, and I'm also a performer. As an artist, I am definitely somebody that stands out. My name is Cheryl Ann. I am a classically trained professional artist and a very poised elegant Southern lady - from Winston-Salem, - North Carolina. - Can you move your arm a little - bit out of the way? Thank you. I've had so many successes, but I can see that the other painters are technically not as strong. I'm going to knock them off the board one by one. - (Aryn) I'll have to start - busting ass in a minute here. I peak around a little bit - just to kind - of see what everybody's doing, and they're all very colorful and pretty. I do tend to lean a little bit more towards slightly scary things, but I'm definitely not afraid to put my style up against theirs. I came to the United States, 1986. I went from surfing in Brazil to body painting because I like making people look sexy. I love painting naked women every day of my life. - All my favorite songs - were in Russian. - I'm like, "What I was singing - just yesterday?" And I was singing Let It Go, - 'cause I was thinking - about my daughter. She is six years old. She is my sunshine. Actually, turn and face me, sweetheart. - I'm Sammie. - I'm a stay-at-home mom. My husband is a worship pastor at a church in Park City. Body painting does give me my own individual identity, but I love being a mom, and I love being a wife. I want to win for my family. Down to 45 minutes! I got to hurry this up. (woman) Hey, Lana? How you doing over there? I wish I will have more time, and just 40 minutes left, I started in the back. - Time to speed up. - [laughs] - (Marcio) Lana's struggling - with time management. - I see she's taking forever - in the body. She has a lot of detail work, but very, very little time. Okay, my brain working fast, fast, fast, fast, fast. I need to think. - Oh, my God. - I know. Lana is getting ready to crash and burn hard. - Close your eyes, hon. - Thank you. First challenge is based on life experience, and I got a song. Just 40 minutes left, I started on the back, and I start to freak out about it. Oh, see that? - [chuckles] - Fernello is annoying. Turn around, baby. There you go. (Kyle) Ugh, his cockiness kills me. Turn around. So I glance over to my shoulder, and I see Kyle's piece. And I'm thinking, "This needs to go straight in the garbage bag." Guys, we have 15 minutes. - Hey. - Whoo-hoo! - (Fernello) I like pressure. - I don't know why. - I think I'm a sick man. - [laughs] Oh, no. I'm looking over at Lana, - and she was almost - completely done. I didn't see that coming. I have to watch out for her. We have one minute left! - Oh, Lord, no. - Aah! (Kyle and Rio) 3, 2, 1. - Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding! - Brushes down! - Whoo! - Okay, painters. That's it. Time's up. Put your tools down. Wow. Okay, so the judges are gonna come around - and talk to you - about your work. I have a passion for art, and that's why I'm here. That's my existence. - (Craig) Tell us a little bit - about the face. Well, I wanted the face to look subtle. - This is subtle for Fernello. - [laughs] Yeah, this is subtle. Wow. - ♪ Ahhh ♪ - It's amazing. So I got the favorite song. - Is it from Frozen? - Yeah. [laughter] I did back maybe, like, in 40 minutes, and I see a lot of illustrations my daughter do, 'cause this is her favorite. - (Robin) Is this your first time - away from your daughter? Yes. My favorite song is Super Freak by Rick James. The super freakness comes a lot from what I say and speak. - I love how crazy - the front is and how the back has a sort of tie-dyed effect. It's masquerade from Phantom of the Opera. - (Robin) - Oh. - (Craig) - It has a nice contrast, but it's all tied together with color. - And I am - classically trained. One of the things that I'm also passionate about is horses. - (Robin) What's your connection - to horses? I grew up on a horse farm. - Oh, really? - Yeah. When I was 14 years old, my dad pass away, and I create an angel that is the guardian angel to protect me. - I think your dad - would be very proud of you. - Thank you, Avi. - Thank you very much. These eyes are freaking me out. - It took me a minute - to realize that they were painted on her eyelids. - (Kyle) Now, when you think - of haunted houses, every character needs a mask. - Oh. - Nice. - (RuPaul) - Scary. - I'm having trouble seeing - the face in the mask. - (Rebecca) - Okay, so those are the eyes. - Okay, those are the eyes. - Oh, yeah. - Thank you, Kyle. - Thank you guys. - (Rebecca) Tell us - about your greatest achievement. Well, coming from, you know, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to South Florida, - you know, in a way, - it was a freedom for me also - to express this type of art. - The American dream. All right, painters, the judges have a lot to talk about, so we'll be back shortly. - All right, guys, what do you - think of the paintings? (RuPaul) Fernello's really sold me. I love what he did because it was very fashion, and it looked like a gorgeous bodysuit. What'd you think of Marcio? (Craig) I love the immigrant story, but I felt - that the painting - was a bit muddy. Rudy? I enjoyed the way he used his color. - I love the layering he did. - How about Rachel? Freaky deaky to the max. And she's freaky deaky to the max, and I thought it was a perfect choice for her. What about Lana? (Craig) She sold it well. She felt it. There was some abstract things going on in the face, and it works. I thought that the design that Kyle did just was weak technically. - (Robin) - Mm-hmm. - That really showed - in the face part of the piece. - (Craig) Things weren't tying - together for me. - Right. - Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Let's talk about Avi's. (Craig) I loved his story. I loved his heart. And he put a lot of work into that piece. How about Cheryl Ann? I guess the fact that she was touting being classically trained sort of made me more skeptical. I don't know why that is. - She was talking - a big game. Yeah, yeah. But, listen, I think she delivered. I thought it was a beautiful piece of art. - (Robin) There's some - real competitors in this group. Yeah. - I think it's gonna - get a bit fierce. Okay, everybody. It's time to pick the best painting. When I call your name, please step forward. Rudy... Yeah. - [imitates gunshots] - [laughter] - (Rebecca) - Rachel... Lana... Fernello... Cheryl Ann... Avi. You're the top six painters. We are like, "Oh, my God. - "We cannot believe - we are standing here in front of the judges and we are the best for today." - [laughing] - Oh, crap. The judges have made their decision, and the winner is... Fernello! [laughter] - Fireworks are going off - in my head. Fourth of July. Let's party like it's 1999. Fernello, you blew me away. Your fantastic technique and gorgeous aesthetic-- I loved it. Congratulations, Fernello. - Thank you. - Okay, guys. - Are you ready to hear - about your next challenge? - (all) - Yeah! You will draw your inspiration from the ultimate game of skill and strategy--chess. - (all) - Oh. You'll have five hours tomorrow to create a colorful, 360-degree, head-to-toe design. The top six painters in the first challenge will chose their chess piece and their opponent. You are going head-to-head. In each team, one will be safe, and one will be up for elimination. - Fernello, - you won the first challenge... Yes. which means you get to pick your piece and your opponent first. Well, every king needs a kingdom, and this is my kingdom. - My opponent will be Kyle. - Nice. Kyle did have one of the weakest body paints in the first challenge, so I'm doing the right thing by picking Kyle. Rachel? It's going to be the rook and Rio. - All right. - Hey. - [laughter] - Rudy? I pick the bishop, and it's gonna be Sammie. - Cheryl Ann? - The knight and Aryn. - Okay. - Whoo. I choose the knight, because, of course, it's my love of horses, and I choose Aryn specifically because I thought, - "I can draw horses - better than her." Avi? I choose the queen, and my opponent is Dawn Marie. Oh! It's kind of freaking me out. Okay, Lana, so that leaves you with the pawn, and Marcio is your opponent. Oh, my God. Unbelievable. Lana's definitely gonna be a tough opponent, and it makes it harder, too, going against somebody you like. You have your chess pieces, so go home and get ready for tomorrow. - Yeah! - Whoo-hoo! - I am a king - above the competition, and I think the other painters are feeling it right now. I want them all gone, starting with Kyle. Hee, hee, we're back. - We're back. - Time to get the magic working. (Sammie) Someone's going home today. The concept challenge this week is the game of chess. We are also going head-to-head. Helping a neighbor. - Listen, Lana. - Let's shake hands. I have to go head-to-head with Lana. We have the same piece, the pawn, and now I know Lana can just pull stuff out of nowhere all of a sudden, but I'll still be able to win this challenge, though. That's not a problem at all. - Oh, my God. - I need this. I know, right? It's great. I think Marcio wasn't worried to have me as a competitor with him 'cause he doesn't know yet what I can develop. - (Rachel) - Get it together, people! - (woman) - What piece are you doing, again? I'm doing the king. - For reals, I want to take - Fernello down, and I'm kind of excited about the king but I'm honestly thinking, "Why did you choose the weakest piece in the game?" There's only one king-- Fernello, baby. - (Kyle) Hey, was that beginner's - luck yesterday? Beginner's luck? Listen. Listen, listen... My peasants. My royal peasants. I'm gonna paint my butt off, - and I'm gonna walk around - like I own the place, 'cause I am the king. King 'Nello. That's right. You heard it first. - (Marcio) Hey, guys, we got - some models coming in. - Whoo! - Oh, hey! I'm just getting warmed up. - Okay, my hands are cold. - Yeah. Aah. [laughs] - (Rudy) We're painting you - as chess pieces. Oh, okay, cool. So this is gonna be a full-body 360. We are competing against Cheryl Ann down there at the end. - It's all right, 'cause - we're gonna totally kick ass. I can beat Aryn. I am a stronger painter than her. I got this. I can do it. [giggles] You're gonna be so pretty. Good morning, good morning, good morning, painters. - Good morning. - And models. Well, I'm here with Ru and Robin and Craig, who are very excited to see what we have in store this morning, - so we're gonna walk around - and take a look. - Hello, Marcio. - Hi. - You're going head-to-head - against Lana. How do you feel about that? - Yeah, I'm watching her - the whole time. - Are you? - Uh-huh, for sure. - So what kind of color palette - are you planning on using? - (Marcio) I'm going really - earth tones on the front and-- you know, in gold and yellows. - Lana. - Hi, guys. - Hi. - Hello. - (Craig) Tell us a little bit - about your design. - Oh. - Thank you. - We can't wait to see - the end result. - (Craig) - Yeah. - So you're working - on the bishop? - (Rudy) - Yes, I am. - Can we see the back at all, or - is there nothing happening yet? - Right now it's just plain. - Okay. - (Rudy) The back is gonna be - a cross, and I haven't really figured out what's gonna be inside the cross. Are you serious? So you're gonna do all of this work - and then figure out - your design? I had to leave a little bit to flow with at the very end. - Manage your time well. - I will. - All right. - Fernello. - King 'Nello. - King 'Nello. - King 'Nello, okay. - That's right. - As far as what the back - is going to be, I wanted to use a modern-day story of crime bosses versus police department, because they, to me, are two different kingdoms. - All right. - Great. - Hi, Kyle. You're up - against Fernello, right? I am. - So I definitely wanted to bring - the king as the main character. I don't know. That look like a queen to me. - Maybe you don't know my twist. [laughter] Cheryl Ann. Now, you got to pick your opponent, Aryn. Yes, I did. If there's one person here that maybe I can out-paint a horse, it would be-- maybe I can out-paint her, outsmart her, you know. - So I picked her - strategically. - Looks like you've got - a great start, - and we'll see where you - take it from here. - Thank you. - Thank you, Cheryl Ann. Okay, everyone, so just a reminder-- the challenge is to create something very colorful and very elaborate. - See you soon. - [painters cheer] - Two hours left! - Whoo! - Yeah! - You ain't happy about that? - (Rudy) - No. Marcio, that's looking a little monochromatic. - Sometimes you got to play it. - In a color competition? I wanted to go with earth tones - because that pawn - was representing a peasant, and it was coming from the ground up. - I have a lot - of confidence in my artwork. - I've been doing it - for a long time. I can definitely bring it. Okay, and hold here. I'm using more color, but I remember when judges give us directions, they expected something really colorful and vibrant. It's why I'm going really vibrant concept. - Let me finish - the leg quick. I'm a little bit worried about my concept. I'm not taking the actually chess pieces, 'cause I'm totally changing the game. Avi, you're going down. I don't think so. My dragon's gonna kill you. Nah. Not quite sure exactly what he's doing, 'cause I have not seen dragons on a chessboard before. Fernello's looking around. - Now you're getting nervous? - Hey. I think your talk is starting to come back at you, man. - Don't be all talk today - for us. I am a human being. - No, you're not. - I'm not a machine. You can't turn back now, bro. - I'm loving - what I see in the front, but at the back, it's tough, because my ideas are so intense that I don't know if the clock will allow me the time to finish up. Lana, you need help? [laughs] Me and Lana definitely have a chemistry there. - You can have some - of my water. Thank you. 15 minutes, guys. - All right. - Aah! Turn around for me, hon. All right. - As soon as I see Rachel's piece, - I don't see a story. I do see the rook, but it's a lot. - Fernello. - Yeah? You almost done? - Fernello's ready to be - overthrown. - No. - One minute left! ♪ Ahh ♪ - Crazy, man. - [sighs] Time's up. Put your tools down! - Whoo! - Wow. The judges are very excited to see your work. - (Marcio) - I think I have a strong piece. - Some of the artists - are really, really nervous because no one wants to hear, "Go wash your canvas." Painters, models, follow me. All right. I'm a big threat. I am a classically trained painter. I don't have to worry about any other competitors. I know my talent speaks for itself. Welcome, painters. - Hello. - Whoo! Tonight you are going head-to-head. In each team, one will be safe, and one will be up for elimination. But before we start, I want to welcome back our esteemed judges-- Craig Tracy, Robin Slonina, and RuPaul Charles. So excited to see how you play the game. So let's see who put their opponent in check. - (Cheryl Ann) My grandfather - taught me how to play chess. So I did a little girl and then a father figure playing chess. - I chose specifically - the knight because I am so strong in my horses. (Aryn) I definitely think my design is much more dynamic. My design ends up being my vision of the embodiment of what a dark knight is. The front is all armor, and on the back, there's a scene of, like, a triumphant dark knight. (Marcio) Seeing my model and Lana's walking out together definitely makes me want to beat Lana. The pawn is a piece that is mostly sacrificed at first, but it grows, changing to the knight. On the back, I have the pawns as a group taking over and becoming the queen. [Lana laughs] So cool. - (Rio) As soon as both of 'em - walk down the stage, I was like, "I won." I decided that what I would do on the front is have my castle and my wall with a cannon shooting a cannonball towards her rook and her castle, and then on the back, it would by my cannonball busting through her wall. "Ha ha." (Rachel) My concept is, "What's it like to be behind the castle walls in a defensive position?" - I expressed the emotion - and passion that I wanted to express, using the wall as a literal representation of what it's like to be at war. - (Sammie) - I think it's kind of cool - that I do have - the bishop piece, considering I do have a religious background. I think that my knowledge of religion helps me in putting key points into the piece. - (Rudy) - My concept for the bishop is God having this warrior's back through faith on the battlefield. I'm pretty confident that my piece, conceptually, is better than Sammie's. (Avi) I create a dragon queen. I didn't use an actually chess pieces. I created the face to be the queen. All the creativity and the story, I just hope I pulled it off for the judges. (Dawn Marie) With my piece, I have made a surreal chessboard that goes 360 around the body. My queen will be striking down her enemy, knocking her opponents into a field of desolation and blood. [laughter] - (Fernello) - So I'm looking at my model, and I wanted to illustrate two kings fighting over power, fighting over territory. On the back, to illustrate the two different powers, I painted crime bosses, representing red. The cops represent the blue. (Kyle) I'm not gonna lie. I'm looking at Fernello's. I'm actually feeling not so much like the underdog. I love that my piece is fun. It has character. - (Fernello) - Seeing Kyle's model onstage, it definitely does look good, and his technique and his colors are on point, and I'm like, "Uh-oh." - (Rebecca) Okay, guys, - the judges want to hear more about your work. Avi and Dawn Marie, please step forward. So, Avi, everything about this thing is exquisite. I just would like to see a little bit more of a chess game going on there, but that's just me, Avi. Dawn Marie, you've created a magnificent killer queen. I love this bloody bitch, okay? [laughter] - Okay. - Thank you so much. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. - (Rebecca) - Cheryl Ann and Aryn. So, Cheryl Ann, your piece is absolutely breathtaking. Thank you. I was just taken aback by the consistency of the saturation. Thank you. The composition is very similar to the first challenge. Make sure that you mix up your composition. Got it. - Aryn, will you please - tell us about your piece? The face is essentially the facemask on a knight's helmet. This, for me, was love at first sight. I absolutely adore what you've done. - Thank you. - You both did an amazing job. Thank you so much. - Lana, Marcio. - Well, Lana... I love the sort of aerial shots that you achieved where I feel like I'm sort of flying over a landscape, and the depth is really wonderful. Thank you. There is some negative spaces that feel empty to me. Marcio, I wanted more from you. I wanted more color, and I found there to be a little bit of technical problems. On the back-- like, a hole, like, a negative space. I just got lost a little bit on the front with some of the details. (Rebecca) Thanks, guys. Rudy and Sammie. Rudy. Can you turn around, please? - Did you have something - else designed for the back? No. I was running out of time. That's an issue. If you have a tomorrow in this competition... make a full painting. Oh, ****. This sucks. - Rudy. - Yes? If you have a tomorrow in this competition, make a full painting. Mm-hmm. - (Craig) - Can I have both of the models turn around for me for a second? Is it completely coincidence that there are big, bold crosses on the back of each? I think it is. I want you to think more creatively so that that doesn't ever happen again. Okay, thank you so much. Not to sound like a dick, but whatever. - That's here or there. - It's done. It's over. It's whatever. I'll flow with it. Rachel, will you tell us about your decision to make a mossy G-string? - Oh. [laughter] There was no alter-agenda. That was just what came to me in the moment. I almost find the figures of the king and the queen even a little goofy. Definitely wasn't the intention of that. Rio, will you please tell us about your work? - Since we were competing - with each other, me and Rachel, I have here on my side the castle - with the cannonball - shooting over to her rook - and her castle and then, - on the back, the cannonball going through her castle wall, - with her kind of jumping - out the window. - So wait a minute. - That's Rachel on your painting? - Yes, this is Rachel - right here. You are not visiting me in Maui. [laughter] - I love the humor - in this piece. I also love the fact that you bring in your graffiti. - Okay, guys. - Thank you so much. Aloha. Fernello and Kyle. Fernello, the mafio or the organized crime and the police-- it's just not strong enough. We know that you have the Fernello style, and you showed it to us, but for me, - I feel like it's not pushing - it enough. It's not creative enough. I was looking so forward to this piece. I expected more and it probably has to do with the fact - that you talk - a real good game. Kyle, let's hear about your piece, please. - Don't turn your back, - 'cause you don't know what the pieces will do. You release the pawns for the final checkmate. Break 'em down, I win. I'm a little confused. Wait, so this is the king, and this is the king? This is my king. This is the their king. Opponent's king. And then the face is a queen? - Of the opponent? - Of the opponent? Tell me about the nose of that queen. - I don't know. - I just thought of him - and how he was always lifting - his nose up at me, so I thought I would bring it into the painting. Oh, is that Fernello right there? - He's kind of - a queen sometimes. Oh. - Like, come on. - Really? I was really impressed by your technique. I think the detail on the lower arms is beautiful. - Okay, thank you. - Thank you guys. Okay, painters, please go back to the lounge, - and we'll bring you - out shortly. Thank you. - That was intense. - [laughs] The pawns. - The pawns. - Lana's piece. - (Robin) She turned - that model's shoulder blades into buildings receding into the distance. - (Craig) - Love it. - And I that - was really effective. Yeah, that was a fun ride. Marcio, his aesthetic isn't shining through the way I would want it to. He was trying to keep the front muted. - I don't think the risk - paid off for him. Let's talk about the rooks. How about Rachel? It was too chaotic. - I got lost in her work. - Mm-hmm. - (Craig) I felt like her piece - was overdone and underdone at the same time. Cheryl Ann and Aryn, our knights. - What do we think? - Man, that's a hard one. Cheryl Ann blew me away. - And the only thing that makes me - a little bit nervous about Cheryl Ann is that this piece, while amazing, looked very similar to her piece from the first challenge. Aryn's work-- I really did fall in love it. - Yeah. - I love the color. And they both painted really, really well. But so different. - Avi. - He's a very talented artist. Not so much a chess story. To be honest, I liked it better than his opponent's piece. - Fernello surprised me - in a bad way. I just think he bit off way more than he could chew. Kyle's piece-- it was crazy. There was kings and queens. - And my three sons, yeah. - Another king and queen. - And a pig. - Yeah. - It was weird - in a good way. - We're gonna have to say good-bye - to someone tonight. - Unfortunately. - Ay, yi, yi. - Yeah. - Glad I'm not you. Uh-huh. Welcome back, painters. Chess is not an easy game, and this challenge wasn't easy either. You all did a masterful job. Rio... Kyle... Sammie... Lana... Cheryl Ann... Avi... congratulations. Each of you won in your head-to-head match. Believe it or not, I lost to Lana, and I'm just amazed. So Kyle wins, and I'm thinking to myself, "I done went from a king to a damn pawn." I can't go home on the first challenge. - Ain't nobody got time - for that. Man, I really dropped the ball on this one. Cheryl Ann, Kyle, Lana, you're the top three. - Congratulations. - Thank you. How do you feel? - I deserve to be - on the top three. I'm a better painter than both of the painters in the top with me. That's a fact. Fernello... Rachel... Marcio... You are the bottom three. The rest of you standing here, you may go back to the lounge. - [sighs] Thank God. - Oh, my gosh. That was insane. The top three, please step forward. Tonight there will be only one winner. My heart is about to pound out of my chest. [laughs] And the winner is... Lana, you're the winner. [laughs] - Oh, my God. - Yay. - (Rebecca) - All right! (Robin) Lana, we loved your color and your composition. Thank you guys for appreciating my art. - You may head back - to the lounge. [cheers and applause] - Thank you guys. - Oh! - I'm shining. So I'm really happy. - It was amazing. - Thank you. - Like, seriously. - Oh, I'm so proud of you. - Bring it, bring it. - bring it, bring it. I really wasn't expecting her to be such a contender. I said, "Oh, Lana's bringing something to the table." Fernello, Rachel, Marcio... you are the bottom three. And one of you will be going home tonight. Fernello, you had a really strong concept, but it fell pretty flat. Rachel, we felt the piece was a bit muddy, and it was filled with chaos. Marcio, the color was muted butterscotch, and your aesthetic just didn't shine through. Fernello... you are safe, but the judges expect you to step up your game. I got to turn up. I know. I'll definitely do that, and I'm definitely gonna take charge. Thank you. I'm not a fraud. I need to get up off this depressing loss and get my ass back into gear. Marcio, Rachel... for one of you, this is checkmate, and you will be going home. The player who is going home is... Marcio. [sighs] Rachel, that means you survived. - You may head - back to the lounge. Thank you very much. (Craig) Marcio, you're a class act. You're an excellent painter. This competition was insanely difficult tonight. You represent Brazil and America with beautiful pride. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Marcio, I'm sorry to say, it's game over. Please go wash off your canvas. - Thank you guys. - Good-bye. I'm not ready to go home. I let myself down. If I had the chance again, I would've put every color of the rainbow in the piece, and maybe, you know, it would've been a better outcome. I definitely gonna miss being in Skin Wars. - I think it - was an awesome experience, and I wouldn't change it for the world. I made it here, and I'm going home with my head high. I have a full, running shop and a lot of naked women in Miami to be painted. - (Rebecca) - This season on Skin Wars... - We're bringing out - the big guns. - Queens! - Yes! Your job is to transform their bodies. It's going to be hot. Say hello to platinum-selling artist Zendaya. - Hey. - This is so cool. It's Carson Kressley. - Welcome back, Carson. - Hi, everybody. World-renowned chef Cat Cora. Star of the Saw movies Tobin Bell. - Hello. - Whoo-hoo-hoo! - (Tobin) - Thank you. - (RuPaul) - This is a battle royale. - (Rebecca) - One of you will be going home. This is not "Excuses Wars." Is someone paying her to throw me under the bus? I think it's really childish. - It's time - to wash off your canvas. I loved this. Congratulations. - You have that "it" factor. - Yes! You just won the title of Skin Wars Champion! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 