NYC 22: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 NYC 22 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 NYC 22 (2012): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Field Training Officer Daniel "Yoda" Dean supervises six rookie cops as they navigate through their first day at upper Manhattan's 22nd Precinct. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪  ♪ Many years since I was here ♪ On the street ♪ I was passin' my time away ♪ To the left and to the right ♪  ♪ Buildings towering to the sky ♪  ♪ It's outta sight ♪ In the dead of night ♪ Ooh ♪ Here I am ♪ Again in this city 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ With a fistful of dollars and, baby ♪  ♪ You better believe I'm back ♪  ♪ Back in the New York groove ♪ I'm back ♪ Back in the New York groove ♪ I'm back ♪ Back in the New York groove ♪ I'm back ♪ In the New York groove ♪ In the New York groove ♪ In the back of my Cadillac ♪  ♪ A wicked lady sittin' by my side ♪  ♪ Sayin' where are we ♪ Stop at third and 43 exit to the night ♪  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ It's gonna be ecstasy ♪ This place is made for me ♪  ♪ Ooh ♪ It feels so good tonight ♪ Who cares about tomorrow ♪ So, baby, you better believe... ♪ . My name is Ahmad Khan... Upstairs. What is? Good morning, sir. Tonya Sanchez reporting... Downstairs. WOMAN: Yo! What the hell you think you're doing? You lay a hand on my stuff, I'll snap it off at the wrist. Hey. You want to just use mine for now? Yeah, thanks. This is my frickin' bench. Torres? Here. Williams? Here. Martini? Here, yeah. Lee? Here. Moore? Here. Perry? Here. Elias? Here. Ramos? Here. I'm gonna hit that before the sun goes down. Six months in the academy she never even looked your way. Now all of a sudden you're gonna nail it on day one? That's how we roll. That's how we roll. On today's menu, last night at 0200 hours we had an agg assault at the Shannon Bar on West 92, two jibones beefing over Derek Jeter's salary, they take it outside, one keeps stomping the other while he's out cold, and as of 0600 this morning, our agg assault became a homicide. The killer. No name, shaved head, six-five, six-six, green flight jacket romper-stomper boots with silver clips, shamrock tat on the throat. Someone apprehends this cutie today, there's an opening in anti-crime. No promises, just saying. Item two, somebody's been going around to shop owners the last two weeks or so and making them buy aspidistras at 300 a pop, and they're paying. Yesterday a bodega worker tried to kick this guy out of the store and he wound up in the hospital with a broken jaw. That's the third hospitalization this week and we can't even get a description of him from the vics 'cause they're too scared to talk to us. If you look around the precinct there's an awful lot of aspidistras in the windows. What's an aspidistra? It's a plant, moron. Right? Aspidistra Elatior is a stemless plant up to one meter in height with dark green leaves. We get it, Wikipedia. All right, all right, all right, all right. Uh, Sergeant Howard. For those of you who don't know, I'm Sergeant Terry Howard from Gang Intel and I need to get the word out that two of our crews from the north end, the Graveyard Dons on 121st Street and the Mafia Skull Crackers on 115 and 8th, they've been talking smack on Twitter and MySpace for the last three weeks. Finally last night an MSC, Travis Lemon, got stabbed in the leg, suspect in the wind, so we're expecting payback today, tonight, tomorrow the latest. We're not talking drive-bys. It will be an old-school rumble, 14-year-olds with sticks and blades. Now the battle lane between the two, as always, straight up and down 8th Avenue between footpost 41 and 42. Now if there's anyone in that area... on your toes. Hey. You ever read The Kite Runner? Screw him. All right, last business, rookies; we've got 15 fresh off the farm today. Let's give them a round of applause for making it through to the 2-2. Welcome. Really? All right, dismissed. Have a safe tour. (indistinct radio transmission) My name is Sergeant Daniel Dean. There are also some who call me Yoda. I don't like it. I'm your field training officer. Here are my orders of the day: Don't get hurt, don't hurt anyone, keep your mouth shut and your eyes open. In essence, just stand there. If anything jumps off, you radio me. Your posts are two blocks long contiguous to each other... contiguous means next to. You share the post with your partner but you're not hanging out, you're not telling jokes. You're learning the lay of the land. Toney, Perry, welcome to footpost 41. Get out. (music playing nearby) YODA: Footpost 42. ♪ Uh ♪ Listen first the Fat Boys ♪ Break up every day I wake up ♪  ♪ Somebody got something to say ♪  ♪ Where's the love ♪ Look scrapper I got nephews to look after ♪  ♪ I'm not lookin' at you dudes I'm looking past ya' ♪  ♪ Ain't no love ♪ In the heart of the city ♪ I said where's the love ♪ Ain't no love ♪ In the heart of town ♪ Holler at me ♪ Ain't no love ♪ In the heart of the city ♪ Where's the love. Sync and corrections by Sp8ky for www.addic7ed.com. TONEY: So I hear that you were White House color guard, huh? I was chosen for that. Yeah. Color guard, I mean, like the boy scouts. I was in Iraq for two years before that. Yeah? Doing what? I was a Marine MP. An MP... Yeah, an MP, but it's Iraq so went along on convoys and got our asses shot at just like everybody else. What's your problem? You played basketball... that's a playground game. I was a professional athlete. You played a game. Besides, weren't you a little short for the NBA? (laughs) See, point guard is about commanding the troops, not banging under the boards. I mean, not that I didn't do that, too. Is this your idea of flirting with me or something? You want me to flirt with you, White House? When you were in the NBA your nickname was what? Crackpot? It was jackpot... and you know what it was, sweet thing. Come meet your constituents. You'll get further with "White House." TERRY: This here is Travis Lemon's crew. The Skull Crackers. Fellas! What's the matter, no school today? Nah, it's, uh, teacher enrichment day. Check these two bags. TERRY: So... who you stabbed your boy Travis last night? Travis? He got stuck. Hey, yo, this dude right here look like the Jayson Toney dude that played point for Charlotte, man. Yeah? Yeah. I know you grew up around here, too. You don't say. TERRY: This here is Paris Carter. Bull goose Skull Cracker, always look to see where he's at. PARIS: You don't know my name. Yes I do, Paris, and that ain't a good thing. Right Anthony? If anything with the Dons jumps off today, tonight, this week, I'm coming back for you and you, Tyrell, and you, Monroe. Monroe's good to go right now, outstanding bench warrant. Damn, we set that got cut, though. You want pay back? Tell us who winged your boy, we'll take it from there. You guys stay off the street today... we're gonna be watching. TERRY: See, the whole thing out here is you got maybe two dozen sets all hating on each other. Right now we want to just stop them from going to war long enough fro them to forget about it, start something with someone else. Then we do the same thing with those two. It's called the mobile scarecrow. It's called sweeping leaves on a windy day. ROLLAND: Damn, that blonde bitch is mine! Can I talk to you for a second? WHITE HOUSE: What's your name? Roland, baby, what's yours? Listen to me, fuzz nuts. You treat me with respect and I won't make your life a living hell out here. All right? Yeah. Ray Harper, I used to read your stuff when I was a kid. Like, no offense but how old are you? Like, old enough that I had to threaten to sue the academy to get in. Just call me Lazarus. But you was a good reporter why'd you quit for? I didn't quit, they fired me. You know, budget cuts. Newspapers are a dying animal. But a cop? Why not? After 14 years on the street half the time I had better sources than the detectives I was writing about. So... what the hell. Call you Lazarus. You wrote about my family once. No offense, but, uh, they were some pretty serious thugs. Sorry. Sorry my ass. That's why I became a police. Butchie, you want to be a criminal? Angel, Rocky, you, too? Fine, but you can't hang with me no more 'cause I am NYPD, and the minute you even think about jumping bad, I will lock you up before you even finish the damn thought. All right? (siren chirps) You two, hop in. I have a special assignment. (siren chirps) So, Kiterunner, I just want to ask you, how'd you get here from Afghanistan? Walked. Are you being smart? We walked to Pakistan, flew to London a year later. Few years after that came to New York. Huh, wow. You ever see any Taliban? More than enough. How many languages you speak? A few. So, they grooming you for NYPD Intel or just going to shoot you right over to the Joint Terrorism Task Force? Guys, he's on foot post just like everybody else. Huh. So, the marines over there... I'm just curious... what kind of candy did they give out? I wasn't aware of any. Just do the job. That's all that matters right now. You and me, okay? Steady as she goes. (dog barking) You got to be kidding me. Mo Bailey. How you been, man? Jayson Jackpot Toney. On the beat. Had to see this for myself. Hey, I see you're still partial to those sunflower seeds. When Mo and me used to ball for Bishop Jameson, the bench used to be knee-deep in shells, but the coach didn't care as long as my man Mo here was hitting those threes, right? Mm-hmm. Back then Mo's mom used to feed me more than my own. She even came to my games more than my own, too. You got that right. But you know something? Two years ago when you were here to play the Knicks, you and your, uh, "entourage" came by to the Mercury Lounge. I go over to say hello to my old teammate, and your peoples knocked me on my ass, man, right in front of her. I'm sorry to hear that. There was a lot of clowny conduct on my behalf back then. Clowny, huh? You still living in the Towers? Yeah, well, for some of us it ended with high school. Hey, look, man, well, I'm here now, man, just like you are. Nah, man, not just like me. (muffled speaking) (gasps) Oh, God. (coughs) In here. (garbled radio transmission) What you got here is your basic suicious DOA. I need you two to babysit this until the M.E. arrives. What's suspicious? He's a million years old. Well, he lived with his grandson. Kid never reported it, now he's nowhere to be found. Listen, can't we just wait outside the...? No. What did we do? You graduated the academy this week, that's what you did. Give those uniforms to the dry cleaner tonight. Only way to get the smell out. (garbled radio transmission) MAN: In America there's something called a turn signal, you moron. I've been here ten years! How about I kick your fake Rambo ass?! Hey! Freeze! Hey, hey, drop it, drop it right there. Put it down. (speaking Urdu) Come on, Officer, this guy didn't even use his turn signal. Get back in the car. Come on. Get back in the car. Listen, it is either drive time or overtime, and I could use the money. So why don't you haul ass? KITERUNNER: Get in. You let him go first, then keep your distance. This I dig. (engine starts) YODA: There was a cop... Walter Williams... retired about 20 years ago, died last winter. Back in the day when this whole area was like hell's hundred acres, every cop in the house moving to the suburbs, this guy raises a family here 'cause he liked the people. His widow Ginny... she'll be here until they carry her out feet first. We keep an eye on her, we help her out. Today Ginny's got a little bit of a problem. Ginny. Hi-ya, Danny. Hi, hon. They're all yours. Jackpot Toney... I heard you were coming to the 22. Me and my husband saw every game you played from high school to the pros. That's nice, thank you. Can you fix a toilet? Whoa, uh, you need to turn the shut-off valve. The what? Down. The other side. You know what pissed me off about you? You could have been one of the great ones, but you had to be a jerk. The other way. No interest in defense. You get so much as a runny nose, you bench yourself. You miss practice, you're out of shape... You need to cover the outflow drain. You mean the hole, right? You want me to take over? I got it. ...last year after that heckler? What were you, 12? Hey, hey, hey. Screw this. Where you going? I'm going to the store to buy some incense. The FTO said to stay put. Screw him, too. This is personal. Yoda. I once wrote this thing about this police shooting up in the Bronx... involved his nephew. Y-You think that's what this is about? Guy never even said anything to me. (door slams) (elevator bell dings) Who did that to your face? Take me to your apartment. No. Look, I just want to make sure everything is okay. Yeah, every-everything is okay. I just want to talk. Please, um... Is he in there? Uh, could you, could you just stay out, okay? Look, honey, it's either me or the entire precinct. Who are you? What did you do? Sir... did you do this to her face? I don't believe this! You know it was an accident! I'm sorry. Where are you going? Listen to me. I'm so sorry. Eric, oh, my God! I gave her everything she wanted for ten years, I get fired for doing the right thing, and now she is leaving me?! Eric. What do I do? Eric. What do I do, what do I do, what do I do, what do I do? So I am top pharmaceutical salesman in my division for seven years, but I plow my money back into deferred stock because there is this new cholesterol pill that we are developing that is going to blast Lipitor right off the market. We just got to hang in there for FDA approval, but the FDA turns us down. Do you know why? It caused baldness. So the stock goes through the floor, and I have $3Â˝ million in deferred commissions turn into $30,000 overnight, and then I find out that half of my bosses sold off their holdings two months before the FDA made its announcement. Three days later I am fired... no reason given. (sighs) And what does she say? What does my loving wife say? "I'm leaving you"" Eric, that all happened two years ago. It has been two years living like this, and I ca-can't take it any more. Okay, you won't let this go. You have... Don't even think it. (all grumbling) Aw, man, here come the po-po again. Yo, man, don't be touching me like that, man. Chill, man, don't touch me like that. Why y'all here, why y'all here? Yo, man, this is racial profiling. Shut your mouth. All right, listen up, y'all need to be gone for the next 48 hours. I come back here, I see you guys grouping up like this, you're looking at unlawful congregation, public menacing... Yo, this our block. You can't tell us nothing 'cause we didn't do nothing. You got a big mouth for a midget. Open it again, please, just one more crack, see what happens to you. Officer, Officer, he didn't mean no disrespect. We just moved here from the Bronx, an-and he's a little agitated, but I will most definitely talk to him. Who are you? My name is Michelle Terry, I'm T's sister. Once again I apologize for him. He's just new to these streets, you know, much like some of you all. Well, you all want a free pass on all this, this racial profiling? Bury the hatchet with them boys up the block and give us the name of whoever cut Travis Lemon. (chuckles) Not all at once, now. Let's go! What is wrong with you? Better take it a little easy there, hoss. So you think they're gonna jump off or not? God, I hope not. I got three other face-offs around here ready to blow any time. These kids are tooling up. You two be my eyes, okay? I don't see how pouring more water into a stopped up bowl is gonna help. It can create suction in the drain pipe. Just do it. How do you know this? My father was the super of an apartment complex. Walked away from 35 minutes guaranteed playing time. Nate Robinson, little Nate Robinson. 12 points, one steal, three assists in an average of 24 minutes played per game. It's not working; We're gonna need a snake. A what? 24. You jackass. Lady, with all due respect, I'm a heartbeat away of stuffing your head down your own toilet. Step away. You don't get off my back! That blown-out knee, that's God's way of telling you you didn't deserve it. WHITE HOUSE: I need a wire hanger; you have a wire hanger? (electronic doorbell chimes) Hey, how you doing? Can, uh, can I ask you, what kind of plant is this? You bought it but you don't know what kind it is? The guy that came in here with it, do you know him? What guy? No. Was he just here? No. Yes. Did he threaten you? No. Yes. What did he look like? Was he white, black, Hispanic? Yes. Like you. Like me? Lighter than me, darker than me? Like you. Look, if you don't want to help... (indistinct radio transmissions) (Eric and Tonya arguing) ERIC: Shut up, bitch! Shut up! TONYA: Eric, I'm just trying to help you. Police! Open up! Come on in. You can't just walk out on me 'cause some old lady's breaking your balls. That's nothing. I had them broke by professionals. You can't just bail on me and not say where you're going. I'm sorry. Just thought I saw something. Yeah, and so? I said I'm sorry. Did you fix the toilet? Yeah. Forgot to mention she dropped a hairbrush down there. Now where you going? Talk to my man. (sighs) Let me ask you something. You got a job? (laughs) What? Do I have a job? Uh, let me think. Oh, yeah. Well, you see, I was working security at some big box up in Westchester. Stopped a guy from walking out with an un-paid-for microwave. Take a swing at me, so I break his jaw. (chuckles) He get $300,000 in settlement. And me, see, I get locked up. I get a record. So, uh... nah, brother, I ain't got no job. So now you're robbing people. Beating people up? The hell you talking about? What happened to you, man? Look, I already asked you, what the hell are you talking about? Where'd you get the plants, Mo? (chuckles) Little basketball prince, huh? Do you know how many people around here were rooting for you? Let the whole neighborhood down. I'm gonna give you till 6:00, Mo, to walk over to that precinct and turn yourself in. And after that... Look, better go back to your post, hotshot. Your girlfriend looks scared. Mo, I think it'd be better for you if you take a lawyer in with you. Everyone says get a lawyer, but I have no money. So I am all day, every day in the library, reading and preparing. For two years, I can't even get in front of a judge! Eric... It's Eric, right? Listen to me. You play this the right way, you put your gun down, your story comes out, you're gonna have lawyers lining up, lining up for the publicity alone. You're gonna get your day in court. You play this the wrong way, that's a whole nether kind of story cycle, man. Come on. Come on. You're leaving me. I'm not going anywhere. Just last night! I swear... "Oh, Mary, I can't take it any more. I got to come to Seattle, and you got to put us both up "". Stop it. Just stop it! Please, can I just get up? I have a really bad back. Hey, help us, help us, help us help you. You want to help me? Yes. Yes. What are you doing? Lock and load! Put your gun down! I kill her and you kill me! Suicide by cop, right? (baby crying) You kill her, we kill you; Who gets the baby? Eric, please. Wait. Let me go to her. Please. Who would bring a baby into a world like this? Eric, look at me. All I've ever done is work as hard as I know how. Hey, hey! Listen to me. Look at me, all right? Look at me. I'm putting the gun down. I understand. I understand. I busted my ass for 14 years, man. 14 years, all right? I walk into work one day, and my stuff is packed into a little box on the desk, right? I stay drunk for a year I wake up one day, I got no wife, I got no kid, I got no job, I got nothing! I got nothing. But I pulled it together, okay? I pulled it together, and the world came back, man. I swear to you, it came back. The world comes back. It just does. Did your wife come back? Yes. Yeah, she did, she did. (sirens wailing) They were told to disperse. Let's run them off. They're just there. I want to check them out a little. Man, how do you keep so calm? My family's been wearing blue since before I was born. I know the drill. You think you're the only one with something to prove? My great-grandfather locked up Willie Sutton, I got a great-uncle who arrested Crazy Joey Gallo, and my father was part of the team who busted Son of Sam. I don't know any of those people. Were they terrorists? You're kidding me, right? Then they're just criminals. Want some coffee? Tea, no milk, two sugars. I got it. (doorbell ringing) (doorbell rings) How you doing? I didn't do nothing. Alls I said was, "How you doing?" What are you so jumpy about? The drama's over for today, right? Nobody getting busy. It's a good thing, too. You ever see somebody catch a lead pipe across the face? Arm get broke by a bat? Last year I heard a set-test went down between Neck Snappaz Crew and Chilla Hill. The Chilla threw a light bulb at a Neck Snappa from about two feet away. The kid wound up with an inch-long piece of glass coming straight out the middle of his eye. Now, if some nitwit's stupid enough to bring a piece, a bullet can go anywhere, right? What's your name again? (cell phones ringing) MICHELLE: T! T! T! T! T! T! This thing is going down. Yo, give me that! Yo! (indistinct chatter) Yeah, let's go! Let's go get 'em! Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey! We better call for backup. Let's go! Go get 'em! Let's go! (grunting and groaning) (horn honking, tires screeching) Stop! Hey! Freeze! Get down! (grunting) Hey, stop! Back off! Hey, get down! Hey, hey, hey! Get down now! Freeze! Get down now! Get down! T! (distant siren wailing) Hey! Stop! (grunting and groaning) Oh! Yo, Five-O! Let's go! (siren wailing) Come on! Let's go! If you're going to do it, do it! Eric, look at me! You are never going to stop drinking! And you are never going to stop fighting them, and I can't live like this any more! You kill me, you kill yourself, and you let my sister take the baby. Eric! Cover me. Do it! Do it! What? Do it, Eric! Do it! Eric! Eric! Eric! Eric, look at me! Come back! Come back! What are you doing? Hey! What are you...? Hey! Hey! What are you doing? You look at me! Look at me! Eric! What's going on in there? TONYA: Call an ambulance. The baby stopped breathing! What?! You stay. You stay. You stay. Come here! (baby fussing) Give me the cuffs! Give me the cuffs! I'm not pressing charges. I'm not pressing charges. Listen to me. Listen to me! He's been in hell. Listen. Listen to me. I'm not pressing charges. Listen to me. I would never hurt you. I would never hurt you. Guess what. Huh? It's not loaded. I just wanted to end it. We got a 10-85. 760 Morningside Terrace. (garbled radio transmission) I didn't need your help. Just looking out for my partner. This was not a good start. You four, you're out there like Little Big Horn in the middle of a banger war. Were you sick the day they taught you how to use your radios? Because not one of you called it in. Not one of you called for backup. And you two, you're like the Bickersons out there. You got no focus except for each other. You better get it together, or you're looking for transfers to separate boroughs. You, you got way too big of a chip on your shoulder. Unless you start to cool out, you're not going to make it on this job at all. And you, you let your partner wander off, and then you disobey a direct order by wandering off yourself. But you... you're the biggest screw-up in the room. Not only do you disobey a direct order, but you walked into a domestic on your own, one of the most dangerous mistakes in the book. You put your own life at risk, you put your partner's life at risk, and you put that woman's life at risk. Hey, I wasn't the one with the shotgun. You know, I'm one heartbeat away from telling you to clear out your locker. Not a good start at all. KENNY: Boss, can I just ask... How'd the other rookies do today? Worse. Rough day, huh? I've seen worse. Okay, then. See you. MICHELLE: Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm Michelle Terry. Yeah, I know. Kenny McLaren. I wanted to meet you to say thank you for what you did. What I did? You saved my brother from God knows what kind of injury. He took off like a rabbit. He's okay? Yeah. Are you? Me? (chuckles) Yeah, I'll live. (siren whooping) (sighs) Look, I need you to know that T, he's a pretty good kid. You know, he's just got to show heart out there, especially 'cause he's a newcomer. So I was thinking, maybe you could kind of keep an eye on him for me. He's just a child. Well, they'll probably move us around a lot, but I'll see what I can do. What you did today was brave and stupid. That's a deadly combination. Does everyone get the second lecture, or is it just me? You know, we kind of met five years ago. I was one of four cops sent to your apartment to arrest your brother, Roberto. And by the time your mother and your other brothers got in the act, uh, we collared almost the whole family. And I remember you sitting at the dinette table like a frozen deer through the whole bloody thing and me thinking, "That poor kid." You know, young cops with your background... they can either keep transcending themselves and go all the way, or they can wash out in a week. And I've seen both happen. Got it. If you don't make it on this job, that's what I would call a crying shame. Have a good night. ("The Passenger" by Iggy Pop playing) ♪ I am the passenger ♪ And I ride and I ride ♪ I ride through the city's backsides ♪  ♪ I see the stars come out of the sky ♪  ♪ Yeah, the bright and hollow sky ♪  ♪ You know, it looks so good tonight... ♪  (lock clicks) (toilet flushes, stall door opens) ♪ Singin' la, la, la, la, la-la-la-la ♪  ♪ La, la, la, la, la-la-la-la. (door opens) MO: Who? Open up. So you here to arrest me? Like I told you before, it'll be better for you if you turned yourself in. You want me to keep you company on the walk over? I'd appreciate that. (siren chirps) OFFICER: Sir, good news... just want to let you know we found him. Everything's going to be all right. Thank you so much. Sync and corrections by Sp8ky for www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 