Matlock: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Matlock 
 s1e8 - The Sisters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Matlock (1986–1995): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Sisters - full transcript 
 Sisters Julia and Emily execute a clever and cold-hearted plan to murder their wealthy aunt and frame her husband Harold Scully. Ben reluctantly agrees to defend the annoying Scully and is faced with the challenge of breaking the seemingly airtight alibi of the sisters, and the strong bond between them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr. Matlock, do you wish to rebut? Miss Jenkins, let me see if I've got this straight. You say that I met with you and told you to give testimony in this courtroom that would provide my client with a false alibi. Is that correct? You told me that no one would find out. What else did I tell you? You told me that if I lied, I would be helping some poor old man. So being a compassionate Christian woman, I agreed. Oh, so you must be a student of the Bible. Yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you familiar with a fellow in there named Ananias? Of course. Would it be fair to say you patterned your life after him? Well, I guess, after a fashion. Who was Ananias? Well, actually, I'm more like the Good Samaritan. Who was Ananias, Miss Jenkins? Answer the question, please. - I can't. I don't know. - Then let me educate you. Ananias was the biggest liar in all antiquity. Defence rests. Sufficient evidence exists to bind this defendant over for trial. Arraignment is set for Thursday, 26th of the month, 9 a.m. in Department 60. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This court is in recess. - This is a court of law? - Dad, take it easy. Can someone explain what went on here today? Just a hearing, Mr. Baron. We still have time to prepare for the trial. I'll be over later. Follow Alice Jenkins. Stay on her like a shirt. With pleasure. Who tipped you off? Gee, my secretary forgot to ask. He can't take this kind of aggravation, Mr. Matlock. He had two heart attacks in prison. Another could very likely kill him. Have you told him that? In his eyes, I didn't just turn my back on his business, I turned my back on him. That gives him every reason not to listen to me. Talk him out of standing trial, Mr. Matlock, because if you don't and he dies, you will have killed him. - Well, Nicholas. - Hello, Ben. My son insists on keeping me sedated. I think he likes me better that way. Well, Nicholas, like my mother used to say, ''Ain't nothing simple.'' Because of your history, I knew the cards would be stacked against us, but the district attorney's been doing a better job of stacking than I thought. It's a tough case. Very tough. What are you trying to say? You don't have to go through with this trial. Because of your health, I can get a postponement. Probably a slew of them. You can live out the days you have left the way they should be lived, in peace. Then people will think I killed Donald Kovack and Eddie, and I told you, I don't wanna die with that on my head. - All right. - Now, you said you understood that. You said we had an agreement to see this through to the end no matter what. All right, all right. If you don't calm down, I'm gonna get your son in here and have him turn your lights out. My son Paul is more convinced than ever that you're the wrong lawyer for me. I'm the best lawyer you could hope for, and I'll tell you why. Whoever's making you look guilty is making me look bad, and I don't like that. It's a matter of honour for me too. Remember, Riverside has priority. Deliver them first, and then Wildwood. - Hi. - Hi. - This is a beautiful place to work. - It gets hot. So does a courtroom, but it doesn't smell as nice. I can't get over that locket. It really is unusual. Thank you. It's Victorian. My brother is very interested in you, you know. So he says. You two don't exactly seem inseparable. Well, Paul lets me run this place as sort of an indulgence. Well, it keeps you off the streets and out of the kitchen, right? That's one way to look at it. You know, I lost my mother when I was young. Was it difficult for you? My father divorced my mother over 20 years ago. - I barely remember her. - Where is she now? When she walked out, my father forbade any of us to have any contact with her. We couldn't write to her or call her. He'd punish us if we so much as mentioned her name. He even had all the photographs of her destroyed, every single one of them. Well, why did she walk out? My mother loved my father, but hated what he did. I guess she thought by marrying him, she could change him, but she couldn't. So she finally left... ...with another man. My father was outraged. So much so, he even threatened to have them both killed. My God. What happened? All I know is that somehow, my brother Daniel stopped him. How goes it, Tyler? Our friend Alice Jenkins has been in her apartment for the last three hours. Probably reading her Bible. Take a break, I'll hold the fort. - Get a sandwich or something. - I'm not hungry. Well, stretch your legs. Take a walk. Look, that woman made a fool out of me yesterday, and I don't intend to go anywhere till I find out what's going on. You notice anything different about me? Would you be mad if I don't? No hay fever. Gone. Dr. Baron cured me. - Dr. Baron? - Yeah. He could be our killer. Maybe. - You let him stick a needle in you? - Yeah, you think I made a mistake? I wouldn't let him stick a needle in me. All right, both of you come out of there slowly. Any chance they're talking to somebody in our back seat? Turn around and put your hands on the roof of the car. You're making a mistake. I'm a lawyer, Ben Matlock. - What's going on? - We just got a phone call - telling us about your little drug deal. - Drug deal? Yes, drug deal. Now, where's the rest of the stuff? That's my medicine. - All right, search the car. - Ben, check it out. Looks like somebody's going on a trip. - What's the problem here? - Big drug bust, Harry. They caught me red-handed with my hay fever medicine. Take the cuffs off. Sorry, Mr. Matlock. - You all right? - Oh, I'm fine. Really swell. Somebody set your boys up so we lost the most crucial witness in our case, but other than that, things are great. Mr. Johnson, you reside in Atlanta, and you are a carpenter, is that correct? Yes, sir. Well, you see, we are endeavouring to empanel a jury to try an indictment against Mr. Nicholas Baron, who has been charged with the murder of Edward Alonzo. Have you read anything about this in the papers or heard about it on television? Of course. I've been going over mug shots all morning and that's our boy. - Roy Vincent. - Never heard of him. Any known address? No, but he's got a rap sheet a mile long, and it's all smalltime stuff. - I'll find him. - Yeah, yeah. In the event that you find the defendant guilty of murder, would you be reluctant to return a verdict which would make it mandatory for the court to impose the death sentence? - No, sir. - Thank you, sir. Have you heard of Nicholas Baron before this? Yes, sir. Do you think you could judge this case on its own merits without being influenced by suppositions and innuendos you may have heard or read? I think so, yes. - Do you know me? - Not personally. I've defended quite a few cases around and my name's been in the paper. - You ever heard of me? - Yes, I have. What about me, Mr. Johnson? Do you think the fact that I'm the defence attorney might prejudice you in any way? - It might, yes. - How's that? I hear you're the kind of lawyer that gets everybody and his uncle off. Frankly, I'd like to see how you do it. Your Honour, I will accept this juror, he's obviously honest. Hello. I don't recall having-- I brought you all the answers to those questions you gave me. Take a look. I think I answered those pretty well. Yeah. Not that I'm complaining, but you are a little late, and I think I already have most of this information. Actually, it's just an excuse to come and see you. How's the case going? - So far it's going nowhere. - Comes as no surprise to me. - Oh, nice bike. You ride this? - Yeah, whenever I can. That's a great idea. Maybe I ought to buy me one. I don't think they make any that are bulletproof. Why are you so hard on me? You know, we're not so different. No. I went to college, got an M.B.A., came out, and I went to business with my father, just like you. Yeah, except the business I went into is legitimate. Has anyone ever proven that ours isn't? It's not as if the Justice Department hasn't tried. Isn't it written somewhere that you're innocent until proven guilty? Yes. - Actually, it's written everywhere. - It is. - Then why doesn't that apply to me? - Oh, it does. - Then prove it. - How? Dinner tonight. I won't order for you. And the flowers. I mean, they're lovely, but please, they gotta stop. - It's starting to look like a funeral-- - I'll stop sending flowers. - Eight o'clock. - Seven thirty. Seven thirty. Okay. Okey-doke. Is everything a negotiation with you or what? What can I say? I'm a lawyer. I'll call you later. I feel like a new man. Just a little postnasal drip in the morning, that's all. Well, the pollen count's on the way back up. - Another shot would probably help. - Knew you were gonna say that. What do you hear from your mother? My mother's in California. I know. And I know at the time of the divorce, your father forbade the three of you to communicate with her. I thought he might have made an exception in your case. - What makes you think that? - I think I'll wait for the shot to tell you. I don't know how you did it, but you kept your father from killing her, didn't you? That's none of your business. Under the circumstances, I'm afraid it is. But it's nothing to be ashamed of. You saved your mother's life. I know if anybody ever threatened my mother, I would have done anything I had to to stop him. Of course, a thing like that's hard to forget, even harder to forgive. Ever forgive your father, Daniel? Only God can forgive, Mr. Matlock. I just try to forget. Thanks for the shot. Beautiful lawn. - What'd you say? - I said you got a beautiful lawn. No crabgrass. That's a big problem out my way. I was thinking about trying some of that Weed-Away. I hear that'll kill it for keeps. Did you ever use it? No. Something goes wrong with the lawn, Mr. Kovack just brings another one in. I can honestly say that's a solution I never thought of. - Mr. Matlock. - Hey, Mr. Kovack. I'll be brief. I can see I'm interrupting your enjoyment of the great outdoors. Don't worry about it. - Roy Vincent. Do you know him? - No, why? Who is he? He's a fellow who's seen to it that a woman who accused me of suborning perjury is nowhere to be found. I also suspect that somebody has hired this same fellow to try to harass me off this case. Well, it couldn't be anybody from our family. Like I told you before, we have identical interests. We just wanna see Nicholas Baron get what he deserves. Everybody's interested in justice. For a lawyer, that's very, very encouraging. That's your brother's widow, isn't it? Seems to be taking his death pretty hard. - Anything else, Mr. Matlock? - No, no. Oh, yeah, yeah. Congratulations. I hear you officially took over your brother's business. Someone had to do it. That include his home and wife too? - Get out, Mr. Matlock. - On my way. Laboratory tests have already confirmed that this gun was the weapon of death, and it had the fingerprints of Mr. Nicholas Baron on it. Do you recognise it? Yes, it has my mark on it and I also tagged this weapon. Where was it found? The weapon was found approximately 1 5 feet from Mr. Alonzo's body. Thank you, sir. Mr. Henderson. Do you recognise this car? Yes, sir, that's the car I saw. And it drove in to the field next to the man who was digging. Then what happened? Then the driver leaned over and fired two shots at him and drove away. - Did you get a look at the driver? - Yes, I did. - Is he in this courtroom? - Yes, sir, he is. Would you point him out to the court, please? That's him. - Are you sure? - Yes, sir. The record will indicate that the witness has identified the defendant. Thank you, Mr. Henderson. Do you wish to ask any questions for the defence, Mr. Matlock? Yes, Your Honour, but new evidence has just been brought to my attention. With the court's permission, I'd like to have a one-hour recess. The court will reconvene at 2:30 this afternoon. Charlie, I wanna tell you something. I am in the process of changing my image. No longer do I want to win the worst-dressed-man-in-court award. - You were right. - What? Matlock is up to something, all right. Hey, I'll have one of those, please. Would you mind telling me what it is that he's up to? Well, I just saw him hustle four old men through the backdoor of the courthouse. Palmer, are you going to come to the point or not? The point is, they all vaguely resemble Nicholas Baron. Charlie, do you have any cold water--? Will you stay out of this? Now, according to the weather, sir, it was warm and sunny the morning you went hunting. Is that--? Does that sound right? - Felt more like hot and sunny. - Yeah. And what time you say it was you saw the murder? Right around 8. So it's perfectly clear to the court where everybody was in relationship to everything, I've taken the liberty of drawing this rough sketch based on your testimony. Now, Point A would be the road, and Point B would be where Mr. Alonzo fell after he was shot. And Point C-- Would you mind just stepping down here for a minute? Good. So Point C would be the car driven by the assailant, and, D, that would be you. That's right. Now, you say you were 20 or 25 yards from the car when it stopped. - Twenty, 25 yards, yeah. - And what direction were you facing? - East. - East? The sun must have been shining right in your eyes. Yeah, it was. It must have been bright. Too bright to see clearly. Oh, well, I was wearing sunglasses. Oh, sunglasses. Like these? Well, yeah, mine are sort of like those. Would you put them on for a moment? Your Honour, are we going somewhere here? Your Honour, I am merely trying to recreate as best I can the conditions under which this witness saw the shooting. - Proceed, Mr. Matlock. - All right, thank you. Now, this room is approximately 20 yards across. Would you turn around and face the window, please? Now, you say the sun was shining about like that? - Yeah. - Okay. I want you to identify the person you saw driving the Jaguar. Is it one of the two men in front of the window? No. Then it's the gentleman at the defence table. No. The man I saw is sitting right over there. Indicating the defendant. No further questions. - Call 91 1 . - Back up, back up. Your Honour, this is just another one of Mr. Matlock's cheap theatrical tricks designed to milk sympathy from the jury. Damn it, Jimmy, this is serious. Somebody call the paramedics. It was another heart attack, but he's gonna pull through. He's gonna make it, right? He's gonna be all right? - Yeah, Paul. - Yeah? Okay. All right. He's not going back into that courtroom, Matlock. It's too much for him. I absolutely forbid it. Are you speaking as his doctor or his son? For your information, if I wanted revenge for my mother, I could have taken it just now in that emergency room and no one would have known the difference. I've come a long way in 20 years, and so has he. I'm doing my best to keep him alive, and that means keeping him out of that courtroom. Mr. Matlock, is the defence ready to proceed? Your Honour, as you can see, my client is not present. He is, in fact, in the hospital. Now, my opponent has accused me of using theatrics. I suggest that he has himself used quite extraordinary theatrics already in this trial. But if we pursue this honestly, I'm sure the truth will come out, if indeed that's what we're all interested in. I know everybody in this courtroom has strong feelings about Nicholas Baron's past, but I submit he is not on trial here for his past. He is on trial for the murders of Donald Kovack and Eddie Alonzo. Defence is aware that we are entitled to a continuance, but my client does not want that. He wants this trial to proceed so that he can be acquitted of these charges as soon as possible. What does Mr. McShane say about this? Well, I don't think it matters if Mr. Baron is here or not. Of course, there are no objections. Very well. We will proceed. Mr. Matlock, next witness, please. I call Dave Christopher to the stand. - Ben? Roy Vincent. I tracked him. - Where is he? He's holed up in a condominium out on the east side. The condominium is owned by none other than Paul Baron. - Have Lieutenant Daniels pick him up. - You got it. - Have a minute? - Yeah, sure. - Just let me talk with the lady. - We know about you and Roy Vincent. You know what? What's the matter with you? We know about you keeping him. Using him to try to manipulate us. Trying to scare us. Well, you scared me, Paul. Didn't you think we were smart enough to figure it out? - Hey, I think you're mistaken. - No, I'm not mistaken, Paul. You were the one that hired Alice Jenkins, then you tipped off the D.A., trying to get us thrown off the case, - maybe even get my father disbarred. - Charlene, I never-- You know what's ironic about this whole thing? Is that it actually upsets me that you used me. I hate to admit it, but it really gets me. Charlene, no matter what, my feelings for you were always real. No, no. A little late for that, Paul. I mean, tell me, what is this all about, really? Are you trying to start some sort of a gangland warfare between you and the Kovacks so you can get back into business? - That'll be enough. - You set us up. Am I to believe that you're incapable of framing your own father so that he's out of the way? - You can stop any time. - I don't know what to believe. You know, your father is dying. The business would soon be yours, but maybe you're a bit too impatient, too greedy, and killing two people is easier than waiting. Let me set you straight on something. I never wanted your father on this case, and I never said otherwise. But I didn't frame my father. And as for you, you should be very grateful. Because no man could ever say what you just said to me and get away with it. Come on. Mr. Christopher, you work for the Kovacks. You work as their gardener. That's right. How'd you end up in that line of work? What'd you say? How'd you end up in that line of work? My parole officer recommended it. Oh, that's right, that's right. You were convicted of a felony. Yeah, a little. A little? More like seven. Armed robbery, assault, attempted murder, racketeering. - Objection. Relevancy. - Objection sustained. When you earned those sentences, were you working for the Kovacks then as well? I guess you could say I was working for the Kovacks during those years, yeah. But I'm too old for that stuff now. Oh, so I see. So Donald Kovack put you on as gardener as a kind of a reward for all those years of service. Kind of a retirement plan. I guess you could say that, sure. Are you the only employee he treats like that? Oh, no. You got Huey Moore-- Convicted murderer, reputed Mob hit man. Yeah, he does their pool work. - And then you got Vince Jacobs. - Oh, spent time obstructing justice. Yeah, he does all their maintenance work. - And then you got Bobby-- - That's enough. That's enough. I'm sure the jury has an idea of the kind of people who work for Donald Kovack. Let me ask you something. Do you have a hearing problem? - What'd you say? - I said, are you hard of hearing? Yeah, a gun went off next to my ear. By accident. Well, since this witness is hard of hearing and these next questions are important, I've taken the liberty of writing them down. Now, everybody knows that Nicholas Baron is very ill and could have gotten this trial postponed indefinitely, but he didn't do that. So I ask you, if he's guilty, ''why would Nicholas Baron insist on being tried?'' I object, Your Honour. Calls for speculation on the part of the witness. - Objection sustained. - Then I'll withdraw that question. Mr. Christopher, in your opinion, is Nicholas Baron as generous to his old employees as Donald Kovack is known to be? Oh, yeah. He-- Objection. Relevancy, speculation. Sustained. ''Why would Nicholas Baron shoot his own friend and loyal employee, Edward Alonzo?'' Objection, Your Honour. Relevancy, speculation. - Lack of foundation. - Objection sustained. No further questions. Thank you, Mr. Christopher. You've been very helpful. Bailiff, would you pick up Mr. Matlock's toy? Hello, Dave. How are you? Don't tell me you don't remember me after all we meant to each other, - David. - I remember you. Hell, yes, I remember you. The last time we were here, you were prosecuting me. That's right, that's right. We're on the same side now, though, aren't we? And we both want the court to know the truth, don't we? Yeah, sure. This past year, did you ever serve as Mr. Kovack's driver? - Yeah. - And did you happen to drive him to Hilton Head, South Carolina, on the weekend of March the 1 5th? Hey, David, you wouldn't want me to have to send you back to prison on something as silly as perjury, would you? No. No, I drove him to Hilton Head a couple of times. But I don't remember the dates. Oh, well, then, let me help you on that, if I may. On that particular date, he took a guest. Do you remember who the guest was? - Dave. - Yeah. - I remember. - And is that person in the courtroom? Yeah. Would you point that person out, please? The lady in the front row with the dark grey dress on and the long brown hair. May the record show that the witness has identified Miss Cathy Baron, the defendant's daughter. Objection, Your Honour. Totally irrelevant. On the contrary, Your Honour. This liaison provides further motive for the defendant to order Donald Kovack's murder. Objection overruled. The record will indicate the witness has identified Miss Cathy Baron. Thank you, Your Honour. No further questions. Then this court is adjourned. It will reconvene on Monday at 9 a.m. It's true. We were having an affair, but I loved him. I want you to find who killed him, Mr. Matlock. I wanna see him pay. I should have seen it coming. - I should have seen it coming. - Oh, Dad, look, it was such a curve that Wally Joyner couldn't have seen it. How did the DA find out? That's what I can't figure. Are you kidding? Another call from Deep Throat. Paul Baron's probably got the DA's number on automatic redial. You can certainly bet that he's got his sec-- I got something you might want a copy of. Something I'll be filing first thing Monday morning on my father's behalf. He's removing you as counsel. You're off the case. Cup of coffee, Tony? Thank you, Ben. Listen, don't tell me you've been towed. No, I'd just like to take a look at the Baron car if it's okay. - Sure enough. - Yeah. No donuts today, huh, Ben? - You and Helen find a house yet? - No, no, we're still looking. - It's a big decision, you know. - It won't get any smaller. Neither will that waistline with those donuts. Well, listen, it's hard to give up donuts, Ben. It's a beautiful car. I bet it runs like a top. Yeah, with the price tag they put on it, it ought to. Yeah. My mother knew a fellow who had a car like this once. Said he did nothing but worry about it. Take him nearly all day to find a place to park it. Couldn't park it in the shade because of birds, couldn't park it next to other cars because of nicks, couldn't park it in the sun because of the upholstery. Beautiful as it was, for as long as he had it, it was the bane of his existence. - Did he sell it? - No, somebody stole it. - Beautiful car, though, huh? - Oh yeah. Tell you what. When this is over, maybe we'll talk the Baron into taking us a ride. Don't wanna hurt your feelings, but I ain't gonna hold my breath. Interesting idea, though. Cop taking a nice Sunday afternoon drive with the Baron, talking about people's barns and orchards, having donuts. Oh, go on, you. Tell you one thing, Charlene. Nicholas Baron never visited Edward Alonzo in this apartment. He would have died two floors ago. I thought you said we were off the case. Well... ...they can't file a real substitution till Monday. Somebody paid that man $25,000 to kill Donald Kovack. It seems to me the best place to transact that kind of business would be right here in this apartment. Dad, look at this. Pictures of Nicholas' children when they were little. There's Cathy, there's Paul. Alonzo really was like a second father to them. He's got a whole family album here. Wait a sec. This is odd. Judging from her clothes, it looks like it might be the mid-'60s. Guess who? Think it might be the former Mrs. Baron? Could be. Dad. Look at the strange way this has been cut out. Yeah. - Mr. Matlock. - Good morning. I just dropped by to see Nicholas if it's all right. Nobody just drops by on us, Mr. Matlock. - Maybe I'm presenting my bill. - Well, maybe you should just mail it. Look. Don't make me throw you out of this house. I'm counting on three things here. First, your goons are not in the habit of throwing men my age around. Second, you're not in the habit of calling the police. Third, you're just dying to know if I've found out something you should know. Excuse me. That's right, I'm still here. Holding up my end of the deal. You had my word. I thought I had yours. What do you want? Look at this. No. It isn't possible. - It isn't possible. - I'm afraid it is. What are you gonna do with this? Nicholas, I have to do something with it. - I won't allow it. - Nicholas-- I won't allow it. I know how difficult this is gonna be for you. But remember, no matter how it turns out, it might turn out to be what neither of us wanted. But that was our deal, and like it or not, I'm gonna have to hold you to it. I'm gonna go ahead with it. This court is now in session. Honourable Irene Sawyer presiding. Be seated. The defence may proceed. I call as my next witness... May I have a moment with my client? Make it brief, Mr. Matlock. - You shouldn't be here. - I've told him. I'm here, Matlock. Get on with it. I call as my next witness Catherine Baron. Miss Baron, you were having an affair with Donald Kovack? Yes. Was that affair going on at the time of his death? Yes. Donald Kovack was a married man, wasn't he? - He was going to leave his wife. - When? - Eventually. - Were you getting impatient? No. Did you ever drive in your father's car? - No. - Not ever? - Never. - Interesting thing about that car. I went out to the impound lot over the weekend to look it over, and the driver's seat was moved all the way forward. All the way. Now, your father is as tall as I am, which means that whoever drove that car last had to be a lot smaller. Maybe even your size. Wasn't me. So you have no idea why the seat was all the way forward? No. I understand Eddie Alonzo was an old friend of the family. - Did you keep track of him? - I haven't seen him in years. - Are you sure? - Yes. You took $25,000 out of your trust fund the same week that Eddie Alonzo put $25,000 down on a house. You think that's just a coincidence? I suppose so. You know, I've been meaning to tell you that locket you always wear is beautiful. - Thank you. - My mother had one something like it. You open it up and there's pictures inside. Does yours open up? Does yours open up? - Yes. - Would you open it, please? That's private. Stop. I confess, I did it. I killed them both. Please, stop, stop, stop. Please, please. Stop, please, please. It's too late. Would you like some time with your client, Mr. Matlock? No, Your Honour. We apologise for the outburst. You may proceed. Your father just confessed to murders he didn't commit. Would you open the locket, please? Very pretty. Your mother? I didn't know any pictures of her existed. Where did you get it? I can't remember. That picture came... ...from this photo album. From that picture. This photo album belonged to Eddie Alonzo. It came from his apartment. Isn't it true that Eddie Alonzo cut that picture out and gave it to you when you came to him with the $25,000? Isn't it true you told him you wanted to avenge your father's wrongful imprisonment, when in fact you wanted to avenge yourself on a man who wouldn't leave his wife for you? Isn't it true that you gave Eddie Alonzo $25,000 to kill Donald Kovack? And isn't it true that you took your father's car and gun and went to the field where you knew Eddie would be and shot him? Isn't all of that true? Yes. Yes. Yes. Your Honour, due to the testimony of this witness, the people will at this time move to dismiss the case against Nicholas Baron. On motion of the people, the case is dismissed. Court is adjourned. Miss Baron, I'm afraid you're gonna have to come with me, please. Frank, her father would like to have a word with her. What do you say? Congratulations, Matlock. - If I ever need a lawyer... - I think I'll be unavailable. Well, Ben, I gotta admit it. You did a hell of a fine job. How's that? You heard me. I did give you a pretty good fight, though, didn't I? You gave me some sharp jabs. - Just like old times? - Just like old times. Cathy. You wanted to see me? Yes. Why? You never wanted to talk to me before. I'm sorry, Cathy. I'm sorry you've hated me all these years. I'm sorry about your mother. I may not have pulled the trigger, but I accept some of the responsibility. I'm sorry, Cathy. Daddy. Considering your ties to organised crime, how does this affect your family? - No comment. - Mr. Baron... No comment. That's enough questions. That's it. No more questions. I said no more questions. Have you seen your sister? I learned one very important lesson. I hope so. Always hire a smart lawyer. Goodbye, Paul. - You okay? - Yeah. You were right, Matlock. Too little... ...too late. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 