Matlock: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Matlock 
 s1e6 - The Don: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Matlock (1986–1995): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Don: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Ben and Charlene take the controversial case of a Mafia don accused of murdering a business rival; Charlene is attracted to the man's son. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Use moral persuasion, then barbecue them. WOMAN: Mr. McShane, are you saying you're going to personally prosecute the case? That's exactly what I'm saying. Hello? Aah! Aah! All we want is justice. Whenever I find who is responsible for endangering my daughter, I'm gonna feed him to the district attorney piece by piece. You could be disbarred for this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You were saying? ( upbeat jazz theme playing) ( tender theme playing) MAN (on TV): By the homecoming of Nicholas Baron, the reputed gangland leader known sometimes as "The Baron," who was paroled yesterday after seven years in prison. Turn that up. On charges ranging from extortion, (higher volume): to conspiracy to commit murder, Baron was convicted only of tax evasion. But his imprisonment was enough, authorities say, to loosen the grip the Baron family had on organized crime operations in this area. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Advanced age and failing health were reportedly factors in his release. Don't wait up for me. Baron is 65. On the local weather front... (turns off TV) (engine sputtering) Why don't you just take my car? Forget it! (engine sputtering) Donald! ( ominous theme playing) (car engine starts) (tires screech) Jesus. (sneezing) (grumbles) (groans) Ah. (sighs) Sarah? Sarah? (sneezes) Oh, damn. Ahh. No, not you. Something in the air is playing havoc with my nose. Hay fever. (sighs) You take what? Oh. Oh, I see. So the idea is the pills make you so sleepy, you forget you got hay fever. Well, if I find somewhere to lie down, I'll... I'll take one of 'em. Tell Charlene I'll be there in a few minutes. Okay. I'm sorry to keep you waiting. That's all right. Actually, Mr. Matlock, I was waiting for you. Oh. Oh. Here. Oh, thank you. (sneezes) Thanks. My name is Paul Baron. My father's Nicholas Baron. Somebody planted a car bomb in Donald Kovacs' car this morning. He's dead. The police think my father killed him, but he didn't do it. But he would like to talk with you. Oh, I'm sure Nicholas Baron has lots of lawyers with far more experience in this sort of thing than I have. He wants you. Well, thanks, but I... I decline. No, it's all right. I've got plenty. You, uh... You talk with my father, and whether or not you decide to take the case, this is what you get. That's $20,000. That's what it says. You wanna go for a ride? Air-conditioned? (chuckles) I'll have to run it full blast. (sneezes) ( majestic theme playing) PAUL: My father's right over there. Know anything about roses, Mr. Matlock? Oh, a fair amount. I know you're supposed to fertilize them, water them and cut them. That's more than most people know. This is a cultivar that I personally helped to develop. I call it Irene's Ruby. Roses are a hobby that became a business. I know a fair amount about you too, Mr. Matlock. Born in some backwater town that doesn't even exist anymore, poor family, father killed in a car crash. And here you are, one of the best-known lawyers in the country. Now, how do you explain that? Hard work. I believe it was preordained. I think you simply followed along the path that had been laid out for you, just like I followed along the path that had been laid out for me. Looking back along that path, I can see some things I regret having done. Some of the crimes that I did I've already paid for in prison. All of the others I'll pay for soon enough. But I did not murder Donald Kovacs, and I refuse to pay for the crimes of others. It's a matter of honor. I should return this. I don't charge for consultations. As for the case, I decline. Mr. Matlock... I'm gonna do something I've never done before. I'm gonna beg. Please clear my name. I didn't do this, and I want to stand trial so people will know that. I want to do it soon because in about six months' time, I'm gonna be dead. Please, Mr. Matlock? (sighs) (sighs) I have one condition. The case will be handled my way, on my terms. I make all the decisions, and I take it all the way no matter what. All the way no matter what, or I'm out right now. You have my word. The first thing you're gonna do is turn yourself in. (chatter) All right. Anybody want to do the honors? Miranda him, Charlie, then book him. All right, Frank. Ahh. What do you got on my client? Motive. Donald Kovacs was the man who, according to your client, bribed the accountant whose testimony sent him to prison. He's also the man who took over many of the Baron family's illegitimate enterprises while said client was in prison. (sneezes) What's the matter? I got hay fever. Go on. Sorry. We got Eddie A. Eddie Alonzo, the man who made the bomb and indeed planted the bomb that killed Kovacs. Now, Eddie A. was an old friend of the Baron family. I say was because he's no longer with us. He was found shot to death in a field this morning. Two bullets to the head. Now the phrase that comes to mind is "gangland-style killing." Hey, but what are friends for? Now, we've got mud from that field found embedded in the tires of a certain car. (sneezes) (grunts) Could we get on to the substantive part? No problem, because we've got an eyewitness who saw the driver of that certain car shoot and kill Eddie Alonzo. And we also got this, found at the scene of the crime, and this belongs to guess who. Frank, do you really think my client would murder his own friend? Oh, come on, counselor. I think your client would murder his own mother if it meant saving his hide. The Barons aren't a family. They're a pack of wolves. Here I am defending the head wolf. Right. But why? I don't know, Frank. Ah-choo! I guess I'm just living right. Mm. MAN: Phillips, I can't get a conviction on this turkey unless the wife will testify that she saw him pull the trigger. If those detectives of yours spent less time staring out their windows and more time chasing criminals, we could put a few more of them away, couldn't we? Don't tell me how tough it is. I was a cop, remember? Would you stop trying to break my heart and get me some hard evidence? I don't care how you do it, just get it! (hangs up phone) Are you as pleased with yourself as you look? Ahem. Here's the goods on Nicholas Baron. Sit down. How long has your father been governor? You know, if you'd have asked before you helped yourself, I might have warned you. (grunts) Max. Oh, he's almost deaf. Max! (dog whimpers) Yeah, ha-ha. Yeah, yeah. No, no, don't move. I'll... I'll toss them to you. There, two. And two more. Okay? You're a good boy, Max, I love you. His hearing's really getting bad. Oh. Hm. Tell me something. What do you think of the Baron case? I think it's a lock, boss. So do I. I'm afraid you're gonna have to take a back seat this time, Palmer. But who's gonna prosecute? ( mellow theme playing) I said when I became district attorney that I would break the back of organized crime in this city, and this is part of that promise. WOMAN: Mr. McShane, are you saying you're going to personally prosecute the case? That's exactly what I'm saying, my dear. MAN 1: Rumor was, you and Ben Matlock almost came to blows last time you all met in the courtroom. Ha-ha. I never listen to rumors. MAN 2: Excuse me, can you give us some idea...? Mr. Matlock, is it true that you and District Attorney McShane are bitter enemies? Well, let's just say I didn't vote for him. Excuse me. (reporters clamoring) MATLOCK: Defendant waives time, further reading of the indictment, pleads not guilty. May we proceed directly to the issue of bail? JUDGE: Mr. McShane, what is the state's position? We recommend the defendant be held without bail until his trial. To free a man with his reputation as a mobster, one who faces two counts of murder, would be a slap in the face of every law-abiding citizen in this community. Moreover, Nicholas Baron is a man of considerable wealth and means, one who could, and I submit would, flee at the first opportunity. I move that he remain in custody till the time of his trial. Your Honor, my client has no intention of fleeing. On the contrary, he wants to stand trial, and he wants to do so as soon as possible. No matter what his past, no matter what his reputation, he's entitled to the rights of any citizen. Your Honor, the parole board of the state penitentiary saw fit to grant my client an early release. They didn't see him as a threat to society. They saw him as an aging, ill man deserving pity. Surely the court of the people is no less compassionate. SAWYER: Bail is set at $500,000. Preliminary hearing set for September 12th. Is that acceptable to the defense? Yes, Your Honor. Mr. McShane? Prosecution agrees. Court will recess till 2:30 this afternoon. (gavel bangs) Never thought I'd see you in a courtroom again. Never thought I'd have an opportunity like this. Is it true that you and District Attorney McShane are bitter enemies? Well, let's just say I didn't vote for him. REPORTER: Do you want to elaborate on that? MATLOCK: No, thanks. MATLOCK: How do I look? Oh, you look great. Your client looks suspiciously like a gangster. (sneezes) Bless you. Thank you. Whatever it is you're allergic to, I sure hope it isn't flowers. It seems Nicholas Baron's friends, or business associates, you might say, are delighted to have you on their team. MATLOCK: You, I take it, are not. I was always under the impression we were criminal lawyers, Dad, not criminals' lawyers. I understand. I'll take this one alone. Look. I just want to know why you took the case. Nicholas Baron has his own lawyers. He could've gone anywhere. But he came to me. I have to believe it's because I have a reputation for being honest. Besides, he begged me. He begged me to take this thing to trial. It was very hard for him. Try as I might, I can't get around that. I just can't get around it. He wants an honest defense. I have to give him the best that I can. If you're in, so am I. I'll see you at 11:00 at the Baron estate. All right. Hey, Ben. Heh-heh-heh. Ben, you'll never guess what I heard about you down at the police station. (both laughing) Does it have anything to do with my being Nicholas Baron's lawyer? You're kidding. Guess again. He's not kidding. Tyler, we need you to check out an Edward Alonzo. Apparently, he's the man who put the bomb in Kovacs' car, and he's known on the streets as Eddie A. Charlene, we're talking major underworld here. Well, better get started. (suspenseful theme playing) I'm Ben Matlock. I have an appointment. (doorbell rings) Well, hello, I could've told you you'd wind up taking the case. I'm Cathy Baron. Turn around and place your hands on the wall. Hey, leave it, Marty. This is Benjamin Matlock, father's attorney. Come in, please. I guess everybody's a little nervous. Well, searching everything that moves is my brother Paul's idea. How many times do I have to tell you? You didn't walk today, did you? I had other things to worry about this morning. Ah, Mr. Matlock. Yes, sir. Welcome. I'd like you to meet my youngest son, Daniel. You're a doctor? Internist. You know, I've been having an awful problem with hay fever lately. I don't suppose you... I'm sorry. I only prescribe for patients. The cardiologist is gonna stop by this afternoon. You'll be here? No. I have other patients too, you know? Been nice meeting you. Same here. I thought this little get-together was gonna involve the whole family. Some of us are more interested in family business than others. Then again, some of us are just not welcome. How are you, Mr. Matlock? Fine. Did you, uh, talk to the DA? Yeah. And he says he has an eyewitness who saw you shoot Eddie Alonzo. That's impossible. I was in the park. Well, we need to cover all bases. Right now, in order to plant the seed of reasonable doubt, we need to give some thought as to who else might have killed him. Hi. Sorry to be late. Having car trouble lately, and I had to take a taxi. Oh, uh, Nicholas, Paul, this is my daughter and partner, Charlene Matlock. How do you do? How do you do? Nicholas and Paul Baron. It's a pleasure. Please. May I? By all means. Anyone else? PAUL: I'll have some. Thank you. Let me go ahead with this. Because the killer had access to Nicholas' car and gun, he or she was probably no stranger to this household. What are you saying? Just that I'd like to have a word or two with your help and any business associates who might come by often. PAUL: No. Mr. Matlock, we take care of our own here. As for our associates, well, the family business over the past several years has been reduced to a small trucking company, and we're talking to our employees. Uh, that's not entirely accurate. Oh, it's not? Oh, no. Besides owning the trucking company, you also have partial ownership in three restaurants, five country clubs, two refuse-removal companies, and a host of flower shops. Sugar? No, no sugar. And that's true, by the way. We have a few minor legitimate diversifications. There is one thing about this case that bothers me. The man who killed Kovacs, then was himself killed, Eddie Alonzo, was someone whom all of you knew. Of course we knew him. He was one of my father's oldest employees. He bounced all three of us on his knee. Are you saying that one of us hired him and then had him killed? He was like a brother to me, like a second father to the children. Besides, he was retired. I know. But who could best talk him out of retirement? I don't think a stranger. I think someone he knew and trusted. Well, if you'll excuse us, we'll go to work. Let's get a line on the eyewitness. Could I see you for a minute, please? I'll see you outside. Anything you have to say to Mr. Matlock you say in front in me. Well? I want him off this case. I've been against hiring an outsider from the beginning, and nothing he has said or done has made me change my mind on that. You've made your point, Paul, but I'm going to ignore it. Mr. Matlock is my lawyer, and that's the way it's going to be. (tires screeching) Cathy? You must be Cathy Baron. Must I? I've seen your picture in the paper. Charlene Matlock. I'm working on your father's case. Hello. For the moment, I'm without wheels. Could I get a ride into town? Sure. Thanks. Oh, uh, tell my dad I have a lift. Don't forget your seat belt. Thanks. (engine revs) (tires screeching) ( funky theme playing) Do you always drive this fast? Sorry. It's all right. So you're a successful lawyer. I'm envious. Well, right now I'm just a successful junior partner, but I'm working on it. That's a lovely locket. Is it old? It was my mother's. God, it feels good to get out of that house. You still live at home? Well, when Nicholas Baron is your father, you don't exactly have a whole lot of options in life. I'll give you a perfect example. What? Do you see that cop up there? CHARLENE: Yeah. Okay. (engine revs) (chatter over radio) (laughs) See what I mean? I can't even get a cop interested in me. It's very limiting. That's tough. So how's the case going? Well, it's a little early to speculate. Please do. All right. Whoever killed Eddie Alonzo had to have access to your father's house. You mean, like one of us. We can't rule that out. (tires screech) You better learn one thing fast, and that's no matter what, we are a family here, and no outsider dare question our loyalty to each other ever. I can understand that, Cathy. Just like you'll have to understand that we're not on the case to protect your family. We're here to defend your father. Now... do I still get a ride or do I have to walk? Okay, you're right, we're even. But hang on. (engine revs) (tires screech) ( suspenseful theme playing) (jiggles doorknob) Tyler? Tyler, it's me, Ben. (door unlocks) For crying out loud, what are you expecting, Eddie Alonzo's ghost? Look, somebody killed him, and that somebody might be looking for somebody who knew him. And I am here in his apartment. Hm? Did you find anything? Yeah. Yeah, I found some escrow papers. Eddie Alonzo bought himself a house ten days ago. A house? Sounds like he came into some money recently. You think that money came from the hit? I don't know. Nicholas Baron and Eddie Alonzo go back almost 50 years. I don't think The Baron would have to pay him. What a guy. Now, can we get out of here? I'll tell you what to do. See if you can find some current pictures of The Baron's children. Maybe somebody in this building saw them with Eddie Alonzo recently. Okay. ( mysterious theme playing) (gunshot) You were saying? DANIELS: Hey, you are dealing with professional criminals here, Ben. The Baron and his family, the victim and his family. I mean, these guys are all pros. And I'll just bet you that that sniper was too. MATLOCK: If he's such a pro, why am I still alive? Because nine times out of ten, Kovacs wanted to scare you off from the case. A case, I might add, you had no business being on in the first place. Want some coffee? No. You see, they're afraid that you're gonna somehow see to it that this guy walks and that the old man just might try and recoup a few of the business losses the family suffered while he was in prison. Yeah. Trucking company did go downhill, didn't it? (laughs): Trucking company? Come on, these guys are into numbers. They're into so many rackets, I'll bet you they can't even keep track of them. And now the word is that The Baron has had some... moral objections to dealing in dope. Give me a break. I'll tell you what happened. The Kovacs cornered the market first and then muscled them out. And if Donald Kovacs had of had any smart, he would've stopped there. But no, he got greedy, and they got even. Well, if that's the case, the Kovacs had to expect some kind of reprisal when the old man got out. They probably did, but they didn't expect a reprisal so soon. Well, I guess the best thing for me to do is go over there and have a talk with them. Uh, the Kovacs? (laughs) I'll call the coroner and have him keep an eye out for you. You're talking to the Kovacs. (laughing) ( suspenseful theme playing) Now, that's the way azaleas are supposed to look. What kind of fertilizer do you use? What did you say? I say fertilizer. What kind do you use? Little this, little that. Trade secret, huh? (doorbell rings) Matlock, come in. Oh. Phillip Kovacs. Thank you. Nice house. Beautiful grounds. I was, uh... I was asking your gardener how he does it. I didn't get very far. Ah. Well, he does have a little problem with his hearing, yes. Problem with his hearing, or... problem trying to be something he isn't? No harm in having someone keep an eye out front. Yeah. Is Ms. Kovacs here? No. You did indicate that you wanted to talk with me. Can I offer you a drink? What's your pleasure? Maybe a glass of mineral water. I understand you used to help your brother run his business, sort of, second in command. That's right. Any idea who might have taken a shot at my associate and me this afternoon? Took a shot at you? Absolutely not. Why would we do that? Well, if somebody frightened me off this case, nobody else worth a damn will take it. Nicholas Baron would be convicted. I think you'd like that. You know, I heard prison got to the old man, made him soft. If I had to guess, I'd say it was his son. Paul? He'd like nothing better than to start a war with us. It's the only prayer he's got of getting back in the major leagues. Like you say, it's only a guess. Hm. That why we want you on the case. To prove the Baron innocent, you gotta find out who's guilty. What happens then, revenge? All we want is justice. ( suspenseful theme playing) Hello, Mr... Matlock. Mm. You said you only prescribe for patients, I'm a patient. Hay fever's worse than ever. Something you get every year? No, first time. Nose is runny, my eyes is watery, and the back of my throat itches. Sneezing constantly. It's driving me crazy. Say, "ah." Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. You should be seeing an allergist, not me. Well, I thought I'd throw a little business your way, and from the looks of your waiting room, you could use it. (sighs) Well, having Nicholas Baron for a father is not exactly good for business. Having him for a client isn't good for business either. (snorts, groans) Took me five years to build up a practice and one day for my father to destroy it. I'm gonna give you a shot, Mr. Matlock. I'll need a hip. Oh. You think your father's guilty? No. I think he was framed. I do too. By somebody in our family? Maybe. Just for the record... that's an allegation I deeply resent. (needle punctures) I can tell. ( mischievous theme playing) These just came. Take them to the children's hospital. These are for Charlene. Oh. Thank you. Who are they from? Paul Baron. I'm having dinner with him tonight. So I can interview him. Edward Alonzo. According to one of the tellers at his bank, the only thing Edward Alonzo has deposited in the last nine years is social security checks. But guess what happened last week. He walked in with a cashier's check. Twenty-five thousand dollars, which he withdrew the very next day and used it as a down payment on a house for his sister. Early tomorrow morning I want you to go down to the park where Nicholas Baron walks. See if you can find somebody who saw him there that morning. Okay. Well, the only way we'll get this case dismissed is to discredit the DA's eyewitness. And the only way to do that is to get an eyewitness of our own. Hm. (giggles) Oh, relax, Ben, it's only an interview. (piano playing soft music) That'll be all, thank you. Hello. Look at you. Don't you look nice? Have a seat. Thank you. Very pretty dress. You have nice taste. Thank you. They, um, closed the doors tonight at my request. I wanted to spare you any embarrassment you might feel by being seen with me socially. I also find the idea of dining with you alone irresistible. How nice. So... Here's to a mutually useful evening. How's your father? Convinced your father's innocent. Hm. How's yours? Convinced your father can get him off. Well, that was simple. So much for business. You know what I think? I think we should start off with the scampi, then move right into the veal. They've got a great veal, you're gonna love it. Their specialty. I hate to interrupt the festivities with anything as mundane as the case, but, uh, we do need a little bit more to go on. We do? Yeah. Like what? Well, um, what about the Kovacs family? What about? Well, could any one of them have murdered Donald Kovacs or Eddie Alonzo? Any one of them. How do we prove that? Well, first we have to get one of them to confess. Well, I don't think I wanna know how you do that. Charlene, first we talk, we're reasonable, we use moral persuasion, and then we barbecue them. You're a dangerous man. (laughs) Hm. That sounds almost like a compliment. It is. Oh. Almost. (chuckles) What? I have some, uh, questions about your family enterprise. If you could fill that out and send it over to the office. That way I won't have to ask them over dinner. I have to tell you, I'm really not in the mood for scampi. Or veal. Could I see a menu, please? ( suspenseful theme playing) Dad? Dad? Oh. (phone rings) Hello? MAN: Place is a mess, isn't it? Who...? You should see your father. We're at the courthouse. Side door's open. And come alone. Who is...? Oh. ( dial tone) ( tense theme playing) Dad? Dad? (phone ringing) Hello? (muffled grunts) (phone ringing) (clears throat) Hello? MAN: Sorry to wake you up, but there's an emergency down at the courthouse. That's where I'm holding your daughter. ( dial tone) MATLOCK: Charlene? Charlene. ( mysterious theme playing) (phone ringing) Hello. Hello? MAN: Try your office. ( man laughs) Charlene? CHARLENE (faintly): Dad? Charlene? CHARLENE: Dad? Oh. Are you all right? I'm all right. Are you all right? Well, I got this phone call. I-I didn't know... (phone rings) Hello. MAN: This was just a game. Walk off this case while you still can walk. ( dial tone) (Charlene panting) Somebody really wants us off this case. ( dramatic theme playing) ( ominous theme playing) Somebody's trying to scare us off this case. Let me tell you something. Now, I don't care who it is. Anything... I mean, anything happens to my daughter, there's gonna be hell to pay. My men will find out who did it. Oh, Paul, please. He's here because he thinks it's one of us. That's impossible. Isn't Phillip Kovacs the one you should be dragging out of bed and harassing? Let me tell you something. Whenever I find who's responsible for endangering my daughter, I'm gonna feed him to the district attorney piece by piece. ( somber theme playing) CHARLENE: I don't know, Dad, call it intuition, call it pre-hearing jitters, call it common sense, but I have this awful feeling you're gonna go out there, and the DA's gonna eat you alive. You saying that 'cause you mean it, or you trying to make me feel better? Dad, he has an eyewitness, you have nothing. (door opens) What are we gonna use for defense? I wish I knew. Mr. Miracle. I want you to remember this moment. Years from now, when you look back on this time, when you're old, and when you're a graceful matron with 30 grandchildren. When criminal historians study this case, I want you to remember this time. When things looked utterly dismal and absolutely hopeless. I want you to remember the time that Tyler Hudson single-handedly reached in and pulled your fat out of the fire. Come in, Alice. Ben Matlock, Charlene Matlock, Alice Jenkins. Alice, was in Lincoln Park painting a landscape on the very day and at the very time the murders were committed. Guess who else was there? Nicholas Baron. She saw him, and she's willing to say so in court. Alice, I am very happy to meet you. ( upbeat theme playing) Now... uh, Ms. Jenkins, do I understand correctly that you've been working on this painting every day at Jackson Park for almost two weeks now? Yes, you see... that is a study in the way the sun displays and enhances the leaves and the mist on the water. I intend to call this... Sundance. It's nice. Thank you. Uh, have you ever seen Nicholas Baron before? ALICE: Oh, yes. As a matter of fact, I saw him in Jackson Park, because he walked in front of me when I was painting on a week ago Wednesday. He was so handsome and distinguished, I had to stop painting. And how far away from you was he? Oh, uh... Uh, 9 feet. Uh-huh. About what time of day was it? ALICE: Close to 8:00. I was almost done for the day. Uh, that's about the time Mr. Henderson said that Mr. Alonzo was shot. (whispers): Is this what you wanted? I'll let you know. MATLOCK: You're sure that's the man you saw? ALICE: Oh, yes, yes. Because I saw his picture in one of those newsweekly magazines. And I said to myself... Yeah. ALICE: "That's that handsome man, and he just got out of prison." So you're sure that it was Nicholas Baron that walked in front of you while you were painting, in Jackson Park on the morning of the 19th, around 8:00? Oh, yes, I'm sure. And I will never forget it. No further questions. Uh... Ms. Jenkins... do you know a man by the name of Michael Escott? No. Hm. What about Anthony Berinni? No. Irrelevant, Your Honor. Mr. McShane is... Is confusing the witness, and frankly, confusing me. I intend to show relevancy in a moment, Your Honor. Proceed. Ms. Jenkins, do you know a Robert Daily? No. You don't? Well... Well, that's odd. I-I say that because according to this Atlanta police record, you do know them. Or at least you did. I don't know what you're talking about. Isn't it true that these three men were each charged with serious felonies, but in each case you came forward and provided alibi? (crowd murmuring) Isn't it true, Ms. Jenkins, that, in fact, you were paid in each of these instances to provide an alibi? Well... I just like to help peop... Just answer the question! Did you see Nicholas Baron in the park the morning of the 19th? Well... McSHANE: Just a simple declarative sentence, Ms. Jenkins. Tell the truth, for a change. Your Honor... McSHANE: Did someone approach you to be a witness for the defense in the case? (whispers quietly): Yes. Were you told to testify that you saw Nicholas Baron in that park? Yes. McSHANE: You lied... didn't you? I mean, you never saw him there, did you? ALICE: No. Did someone pay you to lie, Ms. Jenkins? Yes. Would you point him out, please? Lawyer, Mr. Matlock. McSHANE: I beg your pardon. (clears throat) The lawyer, Mr. Matlock. Mr. Matlock? ( melancholy theme playing) Mr. Matlock? Uh, I have no further use for this witness. Matlock could be disbarred for this. That's right, kid. That's right. ( somber theme playing) ( upbeat jazz theme playing) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 