Matlock: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Matlock 
 s1e1 - Diary of a Perfect Murder - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Matlock (1986–1995): Season 1, Episode 1 - Diary of a Perfect Murder - full transcript 
 Ben Matlock and his daughter Charlene defend a TV journalist accused of killing his ex-wife. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Well, you may have never been formally charged, doctor. However, I have here the sworn statement alleging that, on occasion, you have falsified medical records. You have withheld... Cut to Camera 1. Prescribed drugs... Camera 2. From pharmacies which you own, is that correct? I refuse to sit here and be subjected to these unwarranted attacks and innuendos. One. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, I think the doctor's gonna make a house call. On our next program, we will be looking at the other side of the story. Matte the font. Until then, I'm Steve Emerson. Good evening. Limo to take you to the airport is outside. Beautiful. You got my ticket? Would I forget? Network wants you in L.A. for an affiliate's meeting next week. Um, your producer wants you to do a story on vigilante groups in Iowa. Iowa? Says there's at least two. Well, you tell Jack I said no. I wanna do the piece on juvenile prisons. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're not going to Atlanta to see Linda, are you? I'll call you on my return flight. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Atlanta, Georgia. Thank you for flying with Eastern. Steve Emerson for Linda Coolidge. You... Uh, Steve Emerson to see you, Miss Coolidge. Yes, ma'am. You can go right up. Sir. I like your show better than 60 Minutes. I watch it all the time. Thank you very much. Hi, how are you? Oh. Uh... Hey, little guy. Ah. Hello. Welcome to Atlanta. Ho-ho. Very good. Let me see you. Ooh. You look dashing as ever. You said you wanted to see me very badly. Here I am. So why don't you come and sit down? Cheers. Steven, I am on to something you are going to find very exciting. A very hot story. I see. Is there something wrong with that? No. I just thought maybe you just wanted to see me, that's all. No, I do. But this is an important story. The mob is wired to the state government at the highest level. You got any proof? A snitch. How good? Oh, I checked him out. He's connected. What's in it for you? We share the story. We share a story. Uh-huh. I don't think so. Take a look at this from my point of view for a minute. We have a messy public divorce. I get stuck as co-anchor down here at a local station in Atlanta while you stay with the network. You even have your own show. Steven, I want out of here. This is my way back to the network. Please. Oh, you know you'll never change. Okay. Ah. Good. Well, when do I meet this snitch? Tonight. I figure we can hear the yelling and shouting from here. Stand up and put both your hands on the poles. Why should I? I gotta make sure you're not wired. Okay, here's the deal. I want $50,000 and your promise of strict confidentiality. I'll call you tomorrow to find out if it's a sale. Whoa, wait a... Wait a minute. I don't even know who you are. I've gotta have your word you'll protect me. Don't worry. If you don't, I'm a dead man. You've got my word. Okay. The name's Billy Ray Webber. You can check me out. Linda already checked you out. She didn't give up your name and neither will I. Now, how good's the stuff you've got? I'm gonna show you the paperwork that'll not only put some top state government people out of business, but a big mob boss is gonna do time. I'll check with New York on the money on two conditions. Number one: if I don't like what you've got, the deal is off... Hey. - -and second: the next time I meet you, it's on my turf. I'll call you. Mr. Emerson, can you tell us anything...? Can you tell us anything about Linda Coolidge's condition? What are you talking about? Somebody shot Linda Coolidge at her apartment this evening. Ah, Mr. Emerson? Mr. Emerson? Mr... Mr. Steve Emerson? That's right. I'm Lieutenant Daniels of Homicide. I'm sorry about Miss Coolidge, sir. What happened? Well, a neighbor reported hearing a loud fight, and then a gunshot at 10:15. May I see you back here for a second, sir? The security guard was notified, and he found her. And she was dead by the time the, uh, paramedics arrived. Mr. Emerson. I've notified Linda's family. All right, I'll call you if I need anything else. What's he doing here? Do I know you? No. But we know you, don't we? Who was that? Paul Lockwood. Businessman. Her fiancé. Steve, what happened? Uh, beg your pardon, sir. I'm Lieutenant Daniels, Homicide. Who are you? I'm Les McCall. I own WHN. And this is Nelson White. Now, somebody said she'd been shot. How is she? Miss Coolidge died about 30 minutes ago. Oh, no. Mr. Emerson, you probably don't remember, but we met last year at an NAB luncheon. Anyway, I'm... I-I'm very sorry. We all loved her. I-I-I mean, Nelson here was... Was Linda's co-anchor at my station. Any idea who did it? Not yet. Uh, but I'm sorry, gentlemen. There's work to be done here, so if you'll excuse me. Let me know if there's anything we can do. Anything at all. And, Steve... Steve, give me a call. You got any leads? Not yet. Any witnesses? None. I don't understand. It's a security building. How could anyone get access into her apartment? I don't know, but I was thinking, Mr. Emerson, that perhaps you could help me with a couple of details. Sure, like what? According to the security guard's log, you entered the building at 9:15 this evening. That's right. So what? There's no record of you leaving. That's because when I went downstairs, there were photographers at the entrance, so I slipped out the side door. But the security guard reported the only time he left his desk was when the neighbor reported the gunshot. And he came up to this apartment. Well, he's lying. When I went back down to the lobby, he wasn't at his desk. He certainly wouldn't have been there if you left after the gunshot was fired. Let me tell you something. You better get some hard proof before you make any more accusations. 'Cause I don't think you know who you're dealing with. Mr. Emerson. What? Can you account for your whereabouts during the time of the murder at 10:15 this evening? You're damn right I can. I was with someone. Who, Mr. Emerson? It was a privileged communication with a news source. I can't tell you. Well, if I were you, sir, I would certainly want an alibi. If I told you, I would be... placing my source in serious jeopardy. I won't do that. One moment, sir. Mr. Emerson, do you recognize that gun, sir? It's my gun. It was my gun. I gave it to Linda some time ago. Why did you give it to her? We had a very messy public divorce. There are a lot of crazies running around. I was concerned about her safety. Well, I'm gonna run that gun through ballistics tests tonight, because it's been recently fired. Do you have an attorney, sir? Why, you placing me under arrest? Mr. Emerson, one of my men just found this gun in your car, sir. Morning, ladies. Good morning, ladies. Good morning. You're all looking well this morning. Easy. Easy does it, now. Look at this as part of life's food chain. All right, look at it as my breakfast. Police arrested Emerson late last night, and he was released on $500,000 bail this morning. Emerson was unavailable for comment. Updating the national news: in Washington today, with major pieces of business left on the senate's calendar, the leadership was faced with a choice of either postponing this bill... Hello? I don't know how it is there in Atlanta, but here in Willow Springs the sun's shining, children are playing in the creek and honest folk are getting ready to go to work. Sometimes I wish I was an orphan. I said, honest folk are getting ready to go to work. Okay, okay, okay. Heh. So, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, the people's evidence has overwhelmingly shown that this defendant also had a motive to kill the decedent and had full access to his warehouse. These facts, beyond a reasonable doubt, compel you to deliver a verdict of guilty of murder in the first degree. Thank you. Thank you, Your Honor. Mr. Matlock. Members of the jury, I know we'd all like to get out of here and go someplace where the air conditioning actually works, so I'm gonna be brief. Now, I've got to be fair and recognize, as do you, that the prosecution has collected a lot of circumstantial evidence. But the problem is, it is all circumstantial. Now, they've accused this man of murder. But no one saw the crime occur. No body has ever been found. No one knows how the victim died, or if he died at all. In fact, they have never proved a crime was actually committed. And now, I'm gonna count to ten. And when I'm done, this supposed victim's gonna walk through that door over there. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. So you see, members of the jury, in fairness, you must return a verdict of not guilty. Each and every one of you was staring at that door because you had a reasonable doubt that a crime was even committed. And you must let this man go free. He was staring at that door as hard as you were. And so were they. Your Honor, the law is quite clear on tenants' rights, and I respectfully ask you to order the landlord to return my client's security deposit in the amount of $750. Thank you, counselor. If there's nothing further, I will take the matter under submission. We'll receive his decision by mail in a couple of weeks. I'll let you know. I'll tell you the thing about Clarence. When you left his stand, you knew you'd gotten a shoeshine. I mean, the man was an artist. Yep. They don't make 'em like him anymore. No. And I for one am gonna miss him. Hi. Hi. Morning. Morning, Bert. See you, Bert. See you. How'd it go? I got an acquittal. Jury wasn't out long. Well, justice was swift this morning. Let me ask you something. What? Did it ever occur to you that we could be the best father and daughter team to try a criminal case here in Atlanta? No, it didn't. Hi, Phil. PHIL: Hi, Charlene. Which is my way of saying, I think that I'm ready for a little more challenging litigation. Charlene, you've only been out of law school one year. Two. Well. Hi, John. Hi. And where am I gonna get better on-the-job training than with you, Dad? Hm. Hey, Wayne, you are looking good. Who are all these fellas? Lawyers. Stay away from lawyers. They have ethics, no morals. Yeah, but they sure do have fun. Where'd you meet 'em? Met most of 'em at Santino's. That's a pickup bar, isn't it? No. It's where we yuppies go to unwind. Haven't you ever seen a beer commercial? Hmph. Bob, how's that new car running? Running good, Ben. Good-looking car. Paid way too much for it. Harvey Ravanelle's looking for you, Ben. What's an important lawyer like Harvey Ravanelle want with the likes of me? Morning, Hazel. Hi, Hazel. HAZEL: Hi. Phones messages are on your desk, Charlene's lunch date has been cancelled, Mr. and Mrs. Pearson are in your office, and you forgot to file your tax form. Damn. I filed it for you. Hazel, sometime let's you and me get married. Get a new suit and I'll think about it. I'm sorry to keep you folks waiting. Charlene, this is Mark and Betty Pearson. Mark has milk cattle over at Willow Springs. This is my associate and my daughter. What can I do for you? Old man Cornell said my dog bit him. Says he's gonna sue us in court. Is that a fact? Well, we've got four lines of defenses. One: my dog doesn't bite. Two: my dog was tied up at the time. Three: I don't think you really got bit. Four: I don't have a dog. My dog don't bite. Yes, ma'am. Really? I'll be right with him. If you'll just go with my associate here, she'll draft a strongly worded letter to disabuse Mr. Cornell of this fruitless litigation. Is it gonna be expensive? Well, her time is not as dear as mine. So it's gonna cost you $15. That's 10 for the letter and 5 for a leash for you dog. And then I am taking you out to lunch so we can discuss our future. I plan on being unavailable. Harvey! Sorry to drop in on you like this, Benny. Aw, it's a real honor, your coming all the way down from your penthouse. I'm Ben Matlock. Steve Emerson. Oh, I know my mother's gonna be green when she hears I met you. Ben, our firm represents Steve's network in this state, but as you probably know, Steve here needs a top defense attorney. It's all anybody could talk about down at the courthouse this morning. Sit down, Mr. Emerson. Know any of the details, Ben? Friend of mine in the DA's office told me about it. Help yourself to peanuts. I got 'em in barter from a client down in Plains. It's not who you think. Look, Harvey, with all due respect to Mr. Matlock, I have some very close friends in New York, and they're excellent defense attorneys. I wouldn't do that if I were you. Why is that? Well, let me explain some of your problems. First off, you got the disposition of the jury to consider. They look at you as a fast-talking TV personality from New York. And you're rich. I'm hardly rich. According to the standards of folks around here, you're rich. And you got another first strike against you: you're an outsider. You need a local boy, somebody who's good. Steve, Ben here has a record in criminal cases probably second to none. He's handled murder trials all over the country. Harvey, don't... Don't press the man. Harvey, I'm in deep trouble here. If I were in your spot, I'd want Ben. Wait a minute. I said you need somebody like me. I didn't say I'd take the case. What? Your situation doesn't sound too good to me. Ben, we need you. Harvey, I've got my reputation to consider. Money is no object here. Money never is. How much cash you got? About 50,000. Any bonds? Securities? Another 50. That'll do as a retainer. A retainer? Look, at it this way, Steve. If I win, it'll be worth it. If I don't, they take you to the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Center over near Jackson and they electrocute you. I think you made your point, okay? Harvey, thanks for throwing some business my way. I appreciate it. I'll talk to you later, Steve. We got a lot of talking to do. You gotta tell me everything that happened that night, anything important I should know. Well, my marriage to Linda was stormy. The divorce was even worse. But I loved her. I didn't kill her. I understand you've got an alibi for the time of the murder. That's a privileged news communication. I can't reveal the source. Even if it means your own neck? I gave the man my word. I don't have to tell you this is gonna be an uphill battle. Prosecution has all the cards. I'll give it the best shot I got. Next to injustice, I hate losing. Thank you. Ben, Hazel said you wanted me here for the arraignment. This is Steve Emerson. My daughter, Charlene, will be associate counsel on this. How do you do? I am so pleased to be working on your case, Mr. Emerson. I'm delighted also. You're Ben Matlock, right? Yes, sir. I've heard a lot about you. Burton Hawkins. I'll be prosecuting this case. Can we talk, please? First of all, I don't wanna cut any deals on this one. I'm asking for murder one. What else? "Else"?! What are you...? You said, "First of all." What's second? Aha. How soon can we try this case? Soon as you like. "People of the State of Georgia v. Steve Emerson." Case number F81-500. Benjamin Matlock for the defense, Your Honor. All right. MATLOCK: Defendant is present. He's been informed of his constitutional and statutory rights, received a copy of the indictment, waives further reading thereof. Defendant pleads not guilty, Your Honor, requests a jury trial. The time is waived. What about, uh, September 16th? Fine with my client. Prosecution agrees. All right, this case is set for trial on September 16th, Courtroom 203 of the Criminal Division of Superior Court, 9 a.m. Mr. Emerson, is it true you're protecting a news source? Why were you here in Atlanta? Wait a minute, wait a minute. I can only answer one question at a time. Mr. Emerson has no comment. What's your strategy? Did he have an alibi? Hold it, hold it. All I'll say is, the State has seen fit to assign their most brilliant prosecutor, Burton Hawkins, to this trial. Now, they don't assign a man like "Death Row" Hawkins unless they feel they got a lot of problems with their case. And they may have a couple of problems they don't know about yet. That's all. Thank you. They're your batteries, boys. That's all. Step into my office. Come on. Now, this is important. I don't want you making any statements to the press. Absolutely none. Why is that? I don't want this case tried on TV before we get it in the courtroom. All right. What about this prosecutor? How good is he? I don't know much about him. He's sorta new. But he must be good, or he wouldn't be on this case. Oh, he's good. He's got a great conviction rate. DA's office thinks that he's a real comer. It's all right. She's a lawyer. What happens now? I spoke with a friend of mine who should know. And he hasn't heard anything about the syndicate being involved in state government. So I've gotta find the man you were with the night of the murder, and fast. Charlene here's gonna check out the other people in Miss Coolidge's life, see who might have had a motive. That's something I'd like to work on myself. I want you to stay in your hotel room and shut off the phone. Wait a minute. I'm an investigative reporter. I'm not gonna sit in a hotel room. Right now what you are is a reporter facing the electric chair. Now, you'll do as I say, or I won't represent you. It's as simple as that. Okay. I'll be at the hotel. Ben. Thanks. Let's earn our money. Okay. Um, it's okay. I'm a lawyer. What say, Tyler, a little lunch? Absolutely. Ben, take my advice and stay away from the commodities market. I hear there's a big soybean crop coming. What's the difference? I don't have the cash anyway. You know, that's a real shame, Tyler. I know how bad you wanna go to California, live that easy life. All those fine-looking clothes, beautiful women, fancy food with the avocados in it. You could sure do yourself some good selling soybean short. I might be able to invest you a little money. Now, see, I knew that this lunch was not about lunch. Now, Ben, you got me out of some serious trouble once and I will be eternally grateful. Look in my eye. You see the gratitude there? But I am not doing any more private investigative work. Tyler, all I wanted to do is advance you a little money. I'm not doing any more PI work. I happen to have a check right here. I'm out of that game. See the check? What's the case? Linda Coolidge was laid to rest today in her hometown of Utica, New York. There were no services, and only her mother and her sister were at the gravesite, which is the way Linda would have wanted it. She was, at heart, a very private person. It's hard to believe she's gone. We'll be right back with Dr. Farnsworth and the weather, and Bill Tucker with sports after this. Touching tribute. You didn't like her? Oh, I did. But he didn't. Ultimately. Excuse me. Mr. White? Yes? Hi, I'm Charlene Matlock. Our firm is handling Steve Emerson's defense. I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions about Linda Coolidge. Is there somewhere we could go talk? I-I'm very sorry. I... I don't have time right now. Could I make an appointment? Look, I'm sorry, but my attorney told me not to get involved with this. Besides, I don't know anything about Linda's personal life. Sorry. It's Steve Emerson down in Atlanta. Is Jimmy in? Jimmy, I need you to express me Linda's banking records first thing in the morning, okay? Now, look, spare me the legalities. You've been our accountant what? Eight, nine years? Well, you'll stay my accountant if you give me those computer runs. What are you doing here? Same thing you're doing, only I'm supposed to be here. Phil. Listen, I need all the clips out of Research you have on Linda. Particularly anything out of Atlanta, with a heavy underline on the social stuff. I'm gonna call you back tomorrow, okay? Thanks. Ben isn't gonna like this. Well, Ben isn't gonna be electrocuted, is he? Steve, I, uh... I got those tapes up you wanted to see. Great. You coming? Oh, yeah. You wanna run that tape, please? Roll the A machine, please. What are you looking for? A clue to whoever put that gun in my car. Oh, listen, I, uh, ordered up some additional footage from WPKS. What have you got? Her boyfriend. Uh, uh, what's his name? Lockwood. Lockwood. Yeah, yeah. Well, he claims he was at a fundraiser. Let's see if he's telling the truth. Roll the B machine, please. You suspect Lockwood? Hey, listen, at this point I suspect everybody. He told the police he never left the ballroom. Well, looks like his alibi is better than mine. Yeah. Okay, listen, Steve, if you need anything, let me know, huh? Morris, switch back to the first tape. Roll the A machine again, please. You might wanna find out where her fellow anchorman was that night. Nelson White? And what about helpful McCall? Why is he sticking his neck out for you? Maybe he thinks I'm a terrific guy. I already asked him. He said he was home, alone. Thought he was married. Separated. Where do you want to have dinner tomorrow night? I didn't know that we were having dinner together tomorrow night. I thought you wanted a full background on Linda. I do. Have dinner in my hotel dining room around 8. It's for you. I'll take that in Linda's dressing room. Gonna tell Daddy on me? Absolutely. Which one of you is the toughest? What's it to you? Here's a ten spot. I come out and my car hasn't been touched, there'll be another one just like it. You got it. ♪ You always took The last ♪ ♪ Of my pride ♪ ♪ I realized ♪ ♪ You hate goodbye ♪ Yeah? Ben, now this is exactly the reason why I don't like investigative work. Take a look around here. One: this is the kind of place where you can catch death like a cold. And I assume there's a powerful reason why we're here. Two: you never know when one of these yahoos is gonna get it in his skull to mess with you. Tyler, why are we here? All right. I put the word out to some people that we are looking for a very special songbird. I got a message on my answering machine that said if we came here, we'd meet somebody. You think the person we're looking for could be here now? Well, either that, or they sent someone to scout us out first. You girls lost? You see what I mean? It never fails. I asked you a question, Leroy. Of course you realize that because of this scholar, we have blown our meeting. No one's gonna talk to us now. Let's you and me get it on, son. You know, friend? You're right. You made your point. We're leaving. Excuse us. You ain't going... Damn, I hate this business. Ladies and gentlemen, you have just seen a demonstration of what can be done if you're accosted as my friend here was. But what if you're not an ex-Marine? What if you're the one to suffer bodily harm? The smartest thing you can do is come to see me. Benjamin Matlock, fully licensed attorney at law. Your personal injuries can be worth big money. Night, all. ♪ You hate goodbye ♪ Well, as far as Linda's co-workers are concerned, I think that we should take a closer look at McCall and White. Why don't you nose around the TV station? The weatherman loves to talk. Hm. The last time I listened to that sucker I got rained on at the beach. I'll see you all in the morning. Where's Emerson? He was at the TV station yesterday afternoon. Doing what? Some investigating. I told him to stay out of sight. Well, actually, I was rather impressed with what he was doing. He was getting Linda's financial records, going over news footage of the murder scene. You were? Were what? Impressed? Yes, I was. Were you impressed when I told him stay at his hotel? Did you consider I might have had a reason for that? Well, he was getting results. I saw no point in stopping him. Charlene, one of the reasons I charge my clients so much money is so they'll do what I tell 'em. This man is a target for the press. We can get that same information. When are you seeing him again? We're meeting in the dining room at his hotel tonight so I can get some background on Linda Coolidge. You find him attractive. So does most of America. You're his lawyer. Are you insinuating that I might let any personal feelings I have about a client interfere with my professional relationship? I haven't said anything. Yet. Good. Any luck getting in to see the boyfriend? Um...? Lockwood. Yeah. No. He wouldn't return my phone calls. So I... made an appointment under another name. That's very devious. Yes, I thought you might approve. I'll see you later. Yeah. Yes, ma'am? Put him on. Speaking. I'll meet you anywhere you say. Right. I'll be there. This is ridiculous. How can they treat you like that? Beg pardon? I'm amazed. You are? I am astounded that a scientist of your stature is forced to dress like that. What, do they want you to look like good weather? Who are you? I'm Tyler Hudson, Dr. Farnsworth. I've been a fan of yours since you were on radio, doing forecasts out there at the airport. I never missed your show. If I don't go along, they'll get some kid in here to replace me. Mm. Uh, you work here? No, no. I work for a couple of lawyers. But look, I am such a fan. Could I buy you a cup of coffee? I saw this fantastic little sidewalk cafe around the corner. It would be great. If it doesn't rain. Trust me. For old time's sake. Mr. Lockwood. Mr. Lockwood? Yes? Uh, you have a 2:00 appointment with Miss Henderson. Oh, yes. Well, that's me. Actually, I'm Charlene Matlock. I'm sorry about the deception, but you wouldn't return my phone calls. If you think for one moment that I'm gonna help the man who killed my fiancée, you're crazy. Mr. Lockwood, uh, I-I know how upset you must be. Upset? We were to be married in three weeks. W-wouldn't you like to be certain who killed her? You're telling me that Emerson didn't? That's right, I am. Now I know it's our job to defend him, but I happen to think that he's innocent. And wouldn't you like to be certain that the right man is convicted? Isn't that important to you? I really don't see how I can be of any help. Maybe you can't. But what if you know something? Something that you may think is insignificant, that might help us find out who really did kill her? You really believe him, don't you? Yes, I do. Well, I'm sorry to hear that, because Linda told me all about him and I think he's going to be convicted because he killed her. Excuse me. You got the time? Twenty-five after 3. This is your business card, isn't it? That it is. I was about to give up on you. Well, I had to make sure you were alone. Well, you're right to be careful. Your friend must be real nervous considering what happened. Afraid now Emerson will talk to save his own skin. Will he? It's hard to say. But with all these newspeople chasing this story somebody could find out about your friend. He'd be left hung out to dry. Can you do anything for him? Maybe. Like what? Tell him to call me tonight. I'll have a proposition for him. I'll tell him. Hi. Hi. Sorry I'm late. It's okay. You look great. Thank you. A cocktail, ma'am? Um, any diet drink. I have no style. Or maybe I have too much style. I guess it all depends on your point of view. What is your point of view? About what? Me. Well, we're not supposed to be concerned with your innocence or guilt. But I think you're innocent. What about your father? My father. My father would not say, no matter what he thought. Well, he really works that simple country-boy routine, huh? Well, he is a country boy. He's just not simple. Uh, we're from the National Informer. Come on, get out of here. Do you usually have candlelit dinners with your attorneys? Look, get lost, okay? Are you and Miss Matlock something of an item here? Steve, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, let's go. Mr. Hawkins, what can you tell us about the Emerson case? Well, naturally, Nelson, I can't discuss any of the issues that might be prejudicial. But I do think that it raises questions about the media. - How's that? - Well, for one thing... Hello. Ahem. Well, Mama, I-I hope nothing's wrong, 'cause I can't come by tonight. Well, I'm working real hard trying to keep Steve Emerson out of prison. Charlene's working hard too. She's doing a good job. All right. You get a good night's sleep now. Night, Mama. Okay. What's that? Bologna sandwich. Chicken bologna. Taste like bologna? Less fat. Hm. Uh, why don't you have someone shine your shoes? Ever since Clarence down at the courthouse retired and his cousin took over, I have been unable to find acceptable shoe maintenance. See, he... He didn't get in there too good. Any time I go in the courtroom, first thing the jury looks at is my hair, my suit and right in there. Matlock and Matlock. Yes, he is. Who's calling, please? Oh, well, one moment. Very mysterious. Says you're expecting him. Hm. I'm Ben Matlock. Yes. I'll be there. Well, who was that? Steve Emerson's alibi. I'm Ben Matlock. No kidding. Here, Mary Beth. Have a nice trip. Where are you going? Far away. You have a proposition for me? You testify you were with Emerson that night. I spoke to a couple of the federal boys. They'll put you in the witness protection program. Well, what's in it for them? You tell them what you were gonna tell Emerson. Well, what about the money? Doesn't look like you need it. I just run this place for some people. What about the $50,000? Too late for that. Well, I don't like it. I don't blame you. But if I were in your position, I'd take the best deal I can get. This is it. Okay. Be at my office 10:00 tomorrow morning. I'll have the federal boys there. ♪ You can't run Run away ♪ ♪ You can't run away ♪ ♪ You can't hide Hide away ♪ ♪ You can't hide away ♪ ♪ You can't go find a way ♪ ♪ You can't find a way ♪ ♪ You can't run ♪ ♪ It's time to go ♪ ♪ You can't run away ♪ ♪ And we both know ♪ ♪ You can't run away ♪ ♪ You cannot ♪ ♪ Run ♪ ♪ Run, run ♪ ♪ I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get you ♪ ♪ Run, run ♪ ♪ I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get you ♪ ♪ Run ♪ What the hell is going on here? A man's been shot over there. He's dead. Heard you wanna read that before you sign it? It's a habit of mine, lieutenant. You know, I can't understand something. You were with some hood in an nightclub at night and you have no idea who iced him? If I had a glimmer, I'd share it with you. It could only help my client. The death of this man Webber is very bad news for our side. You know, I've heard about you, Matlock. And if you're suppressing evidence, I will nail you. You can't have heard much. You'd know I don't break the law. I leave that to criminals and the police. The police. Your daughter? Oh, yeah. You must be proud. You know, when she was 16 she ran off and married some bum. He went to jail, she got pregnant. The other day I calculated I have represented over 400 criminal cases. People's very lives in my hands. And I never felt so much responsibility as trying to raise my daughter alone. Always afraid I was doing the wrong thing. You know, sometimes no matter what you do, you... You just can't win. Maybe. Good night, lieutenant. Very pretty. Mr. Matlock? That's right. Come with us, please. Why should I do that? Let's keep this polite, shall we? As a matter of practice, I like to know where I'm going and who I'm going with. By all means. This way, please. Take the blindfold off. Ben Matlock, I'm Ernie Marzell. I recognize you from your photographs. Sorry to invite you here in this fashion but it's something of an emergency. You're in no danger, and you can leave after we talk. What's the emergency? The untimely death of Billy Ray Webber. What about it? Billy Ray was my trusted friend. I'm very distressed by his murder. I didn't see who did it. Perhaps there's some detail. Anything to give us some clue to the identity of his killer. I'm afraid I didn't see much of anything. It was very dark. It's important that I know who is responsible. I was meeting with Billy Ray to discuss a story he had for sale. About organized crime getting involved with the state house. What are you saying? Billy Ray was a snitch? That's one way to put it. That's very upsetting news. If it's news to you, I suspect whoever killed Linda Coolidge did in Billy Ray. What do you mean? That newsman? Emerson? No, Billy Ray was his alibi. He wouldn't kill him. But someone who was part of Webber's story could have. Naturally I know very little about state government. Nothing about organized crime. You've led a sheltered life. My father was a tailor. Before I told my friends to call me Ernie "The Tailor" Marzell. Whenever I'm aggravated, nothing makes me feel better than to hem a pair of pants. Personally I prefer to shine my shoes. You don't know of a good shoeshine stand anywhere around town, do you? I only wear suede. That's a thought. Well, I guess I'll be going. Mr. Matlock, I understand that you're a very fine defense attorney. How is it that we've never had any business? I don't know. Just lucky, I guess. Take Mr. Matlock back to his car. You all right? I suppose. You've been awfully quiet. I guess tonight reminded me of those last few months with Linda. All the paparazzi. I'm sorry I lost my temper. It's all right. No, it's not all right. I'm used to taking the heat. I guess this just affected me more than I realized. You're only human. One day I'm a hotshot TV news correspondent. Next day I'm on trial for murder, already convicted in the press and my life is on hold. Film at 11. You are doing the smart thing. You're taking action. I admire you for that. You know, you're terrific. I have to go. You really have to go? It's a big day tomorrow. Ben does like to start early. Well, good night. Good night. Thanks again. Yeah. Uh, ha. I really do have to go. Bye. Good night. Well, this is just perfect. Why in the hell didn't he shoot somebody while he was at it? You really can't blame him, Ben. They're vultures. Charlene, this paper's gonna be in every checkout line in every supermarket in this city. Do you know how many prospective jurors are gonna see this? All of 'em. The Informer is gonna print whatever it wants whether it's true or not. You mean like: "The two of 'em were entwined in intimate conversation"? Just what are you suggesting? I'm suggesting you used very poor judgment going up to his room after what happened. What if they'd photographed you coming out of there? Are you worried about his reputation or mine? Just how involved are you? Are you asking as a lawyer or a father? Both. Well, the answer to both of you is that I resent the question. That's not an answer. Oh, yes it is. Yes? Send him in. Our favorite client. I was just reading about you. What's all this about you and Billy Ray Webber? I just saw it on the news. He's the guy I was with the night Linda was killed. What happened? He's dead. And the mob didn't do it. I was talking with one of 'em. They're as anxious to find out who did it as we are. Well, what do we do now? I'll tell you what you do now. You give me your word you'll do as I say, when I say it, or get yourself another lawyer. All right, you've got it. Jury selection starts Monday. We have no alibi, and no way to establish reasonable doubt. What we need is a bright idea, and soon. Good morning, people. And have I got some hot news for you. We are in the market for hot news. Yeah, well here it is. Now, maybe no one listens to the weatherman. But the weatherman sure listens to everyone else. Seems our Linda Coolidge was one very ambitious lady. Now, I hate to say it, pal, but her apartment had a swinging door. She had two rejected lovers on the staff with motives for murder: McCall and White. You got any proof? No. But evidently there was some type of red leather diary? Yeah. It was about so big. She wrote everything in it. Her ideas, her appointments. She never went anywhere without it. Did you see it the night of the murder? Yeah, it was on her coffee table. Well, it's not there now, and the police don't have it. Well, if it was there when you left, and gone by the time the police got there, the murderer might have taken it. Leaves us nowhere. Not necessarily. I think I just got a bright idea. You reside in Atlanta, and you are an accountant, is that correct? That's right, sir. We are endeavoring to impanel a jury to try an indictment against Steve Emerson. That indictment charges him with the murder of Linda Coolidge. Have you read anything about this in the paper? Or have you heard anything about it over the various news media? Oh, yes. Take a look at this. I see. Mr. Cooper... What do you think? Terrific. Go to it. But watch your step. Or any conscientious scruples which would prevent you from returning a verdict which would make it mandatory upon the court to impose the death sentence? No, sir. Thank you. Mr. Matlock, your witness. Mr. Cooper, we didn't get you up too early to come down here, did we? No, I'm an early riser. Yeah, me too. Gives me a chance to read the papers and look at the news on TV. Is that the same for you? Oh, yes. Yeah. You were telling Mr. Hawkins that, uh, you read something about this case in the paper. Are you a regular subscriber to any newspaper? We get the Atlanta Constitution. Uh, we get the News. We get the Weekly Courier. And so I take it from time to time you've read something about this case in those papers. Oh, that's right. Does your wife ever bring home the National Informer? Oh. Heh. Sometimes. Yeah. What do you think about these papers and the TV news? You think they've done a reliable job covering this case? I'd say so. You tend to believe it. Yes. Did you see last week's Informer? The one with the headline that said, "Psychic Says Emerson Killed Coolidge." Yes. Uh... Uh... Your Honor, we have a real problem here. If, uh, Mr. Cooper read that article and believes what he read, then he can hardly be considered impartial. Now, on that ground, I have no choice but to request that he be excused for cause. You're excused for cause, Mr. Cooper. Go the the second floor, please. They call it, ahem, selecting the jury. You don't select the jury. You kick off the ones you really don't want and what's left is the jury. Any luck tying Ernie Marzell into this case? Not yet. Well, if... If he's involved in state government, somebody's got to know it. Well, I'll put out a few feelers. I'll stay in touch. Right. Jury selection continues in the Emerson/Coolidge murder case with a trial expected to begin on Monday. I'm Nelson White, and we'll look for you at our 6:00 news roundup this evening. And you're clear. Very nice, Mr. White, sir. I'll take that for you. Excuse me, Mr. White. If you want to talk to me, use a subpoena. Oh, no, we don't wanna do that. Well, maybe we do. I mean, you've become such an important figure in this case. I can't imagine why. Because of your affair with Linda Coolidge. Who told you that? I'm sure you must recognize this. Don't you? Linda's diary. She wrote about me in there? Mr. White, now, how's it gonna look to people if they found out you had an affair with her and then she broke it off, and then she tried to take over your news program and get you fired. I mean, it looks like you have a motive for murder. Now, seriously, wouldn't you really rather talk to me, hm? Look, it took me a while to figure out what a... user she was. But she didn't break up with me. I'm the one who called it off, when I found out she was after my job. Isn't that in there too? No. It's not? No, it's not. Well, thanks for your time. Oh, here's the subpoena, just in case. What did you find when you arrived at the decedent's apartment? Miss Coolidge was lying on the living room floor bleeding from a chest wound. Mm-hm. Did you summon medical help? The security guard at the apartment complex had already done that. The paramedics arrived shortly after I did. They determined she was dead. Mm-hm. I show you People's Exhibit 2... and ask if you recognize it. Yes, that's a .38 caliber revolver. Was a ballistics test performed on this revolver? Yes, it was. What was the result of that test? Ballistics tests determined that the bullet removed from Miss Coolidge's chest was fired from that gun. Where was this gun found? On the floorboard of a rented car parked outside of the apartment complex. To whom was this car rented at the time? Mr. Steve Emerson. Thank you. No further questions. Your witness. No questions, Your Honor. Mr. McCall. Oh, hello. What is it? You've been quite a help to Steve Emerson. We're all very grateful. Oh, well, I'm sure he'd do the same for me. No, really. You've gone out of your way. Well, uh, no, it was nothing, really. Listen, would you excuse me? 'Cause, uh, I have some people waiting for me. But as helpful as you've been to Steve, I can never seem to pinpoint you for an interview. Well, that is because, young lady, I have nothing to add that would be very useful, I'm afraid. Now, if you will excuse me, I am running a bit late. Gee, you could always find time for Linda Coolidge in the middle of the afternoon, couldn't you. Just what the hell is that supposed to mean? This makes for very good reading. Hm. All right, why don't you just tell me what it is you want from me, hm? I'm just curious. When Linda Coolidge broke off your affair, were you so angry that you murdered her? She wasn't worth it. Although I did, uh... Yeah, I threw away a 15-year marriage for her. And I suppose there was a moment when I... I would have loved to have killed her. But I, uh... Well, I guess I just wasn't up to it. Satisfied? Pretty much. But here's a subpoena, just in case. Now, Mrs. Harris, you testified that you saw Steve Emerson, the defendant, enter Linda Coolidge's apartment at exactly 9:30 p.m., is that correct? Yes, sir, it is. How did you fix on that exact time? There's a clock on top of my television set. Oh, I see. I see. You were looking at TV, and when the program was over you took your dog for a walk, is that correct? Yes, it is. Well, that certainly explains why you're so precise as to the time. Hm. Uh, now, Mrs. Harris, you testified that before the gunshot, at 10:15, you heard Steve Emerson and Linda Coolidge arguing. That's right. Could you make out what they were saying? Well, I couldn't make it out, but it sounded angry. Well, how do you know it was Steve Emerson's voice? Well, I've been watching him on television for years. I recognized it. Mrs. Harris, isn't it true that you fixed the time of the gunshot because you were looking at TV and you saw that clock you were talking about? Yes. Mrs. Harris, how can you be looking at and listening to TV, and identify Steve Emerson's voice through the apartment wall? I heard him. I suppose you can assume it was his voice, since you saw him enter the apartment, 45 minutes earlier. That's right. Thank you, Mrs. Harris. No further questions, Your Honor. You may be excused. Do you wanna tell me why you let her off so easy? I made my point. If I had kept after her, she'd have dug in and stuck to her story come hell or high water. Look like I was harassing a nice, sweet lady. Could you tell me if she sublet her apartment to anyone? No. No, I wouldn't be interested. Thank you. Where have you been? Oh, Corporations Commission. How did it go today with the flashing that phony diary around? Not great. Both McCall and White thought it was the real thing. So I guess that eliminates them. Maybe I should try it on Lockwood. The boyfriend? Why? Well, if he and Linda were to be married at the end of the month, why would she make plans to sublet her apartment and then go to New York? Maybe Mr. Lockwood was gonna go with her. And walk away from his business? Maybe. And maybe not. So where you going now? I'm gonna go try this on Lockwood. Let me go with you. No way, Tyler. This one's on me. Hm. So at no time did you ever see Mr. Emerson leave the building? Uh, no, I did not. And from the position of your desk in the lobby, he would have had to pass by you. That's right. And you never left your desk. Uh, not until I got the call about the gunshot. Right. Thank you. No further questions. Your witness. Mr. Banning, how does a person gain access to your building? Uh, either through the front entrance or, if they have a key, the garage elevator. All right. Who has these keys? The tenants. Do you know how many keys were issued to Linda Coolidge? Two, I believe. Heh. Thank you, Mr. Banning. Oh, by the way, are you familiar with the National Informer? Am I what? Have you ever read the National Informer? Uh... Oh... Well, ye... Yes. Isn't it true that reporters and photographers were at the entrance to your building shortly after Mr. Emerson arrived? Uh, I believe so, yes. Now, Mr. Banning, it's my understanding that, uh, publications, ahem, like the Informer, ones that deal in gossip and such, frequently pay people to alert them as to the comings and goings of celebrities. Now, that's always seemed curious to me, that they got there so soon after Mr. Emerson arrived. How do you suppose they knew he was there? I-I don't know. I want you to think very carefully before you answer this next question. Did you call them the night of the murder? No. Have you ever received money from the National Informer? No. Sir, would you stand? Do you recognize that gentleman as Mr. J.L. Dupree of the National Informer? Uh, no. Now, the National Informer keeps very careful records of all cash disbursements. Before I call Mr. Dupree to the stand, I want to give you the opportunity to reconsider your testimony. And remember, you're under oath. Did you call them the night of the murder? Did you call 'em? Well... Yes. And when they arrived, you met them at the front entrance, talked with them and they gave you money. Isn't that correct? Yes. And while you were absent from your desk, Mr. Emerson could have come down to the lobby, seen them at the entrance, gone out a side door. Isn't that so? I was only gone a moment. No further questions, Your Honor. You can step down. Court will recess until 9 a.m. tomorrow morning. Thanks for stopping by, O.J. This is Steve Emerson. Oh, big fan of yours. Hi, how are you? Anyway, thanks for stopping by. Go ahead and order that field corn for me, and I'll settle up next week. Sure thing. Deal. Field corn, huh? I didn't say he was from the National Informer. I just asked him if he recognized him from the National Informer. Congratulations, Matlock. You made quite a run at discrediting Mrs. Harris, hearing Emerson, totally impeached Banning. Very slick stuff. Coming from you that's quite a compliment. But I'll tell you something. I really don't see how you're going to get around not having a convincing alibi. And that gun in the car. See you tomorrow. What are we gonna do about that? Oh, we might have a few surprises left in us. I hope so. - Where's Charlene? - I don't know. Why? My unimpeachable sources say the mob is funding a big coastal resort project currently under review by the Land Development Commission. Anybody on the commission we know? Ah, Mr. Lockwood. Mr. Lockwood is a dollar-a-year man for the state. Head of the Land Development Commission. All right. Not so all right. Last time I talked to Charlene, she was on her way out there to try that diary on Lockwood. I don't know about you, but I'm going home now. He knows I'm still waiting. He knows. Well, thanks. Bye. Mr. Lockwood, I really do have to talk to you. What do you want? Did you have a serious falling out with Linda Coolidge? I really don't know what you're talking about. She made an entry in her diary about you that I really don't understand. Her what? Her diary. This. What is that? You don't recognize her diary? What kind of a game are you playing? We will see you in court, Mr. Lockwood. Matlock and Matlock. At the sound of the tone, please leave your name and number. Ben, hi. Uh, it... It's me. It's about 8:15 tonight. Well, Lockwood's our man. He, um... He recognized that the diary was a phony write-off. Anyway, he must have been the one that took it from Linda's apartment. I'm gonna go check out his office to s... Are you all right? He did it, Ben. He killed her. What are you people doing in my plant? You sure you're all right? Yeah. It would seem to me you're trespassing. I think you'd better leave. Let's go. I'll be with you in a minute. You're all right? Yeah. Would you have risked your neck like that for any other client? Oh, Dad, don't start on me. Not now. I know it's none of my business, and he's a nice enough guy, I guess, but he's here now because he has to be. If he acquitted, he's going to go back to his own life. I said my piece, and I won't mention it again. I promise. I'm sure glad you're all right. Okay. Get some rest. We got a lot of work to do tomorrow. I wanna nail Lockwood to the side of the barn so bad, I can taste it. But we don't have anything. Nothing at all. Well, Lockwood had motive and access. So did Steve. Whose side are you on? Right now I'm on the jury. And if we put this solid citizen, the grieved fiancé, on the stand and grill him over the hot coals without so much as a workable theory of how he might have killed this woman, then I'm gonna say let's convict Steve Emerson and go home. I wanna put Paul Lockwood on the stand, but we don't have a dime's worth of anything. Well, he was supposed to have been at this fundraiser at the Mayfair all evening. How do we get around that? Tyler's down there now trying to find anybody who saw him leave before 10:15. Charlene said there was some TV news footage taken outside the apartment building that night. It's at the station. Can we look at it? I'm sure McCall would cooperate. Anything to avoid his day in court. Yo, folks, what do we got on the tube, here? Uh, rough news footage from the night of the murder. Fifteenth time. What did you find out at the hotel? None of the staff saw him leave. That means we have to go through the entire guest list. That could take weeks. Let's see it again. Ready? Hold it right there. Now, you see the exit sign behind Lockwood, there? Maybe some of the people there saw him slip out or come back in. No, no, we don't know who all those people are. Yeah. Let me see all this just once more. I got a feeling there's something we're overlooking. One more time, real quick. All right, hold that one. Now that one. Now, here. Of course. It was there all the time. All right. Let's do put Mr. Lockwood on the stand. Mr. Lockwood, you are chairman of the Land Development Commission, is that correct? Yes, it is. Is there currently under deliberation, uh, a petition to grant a zoning variance to something called the Georgia Coastal Development Company? Yes, there is. Why do they want the variance? This group of developers is hoping to build a resort on what has been restricted beachfront property. Are you aware that the Georgia Coastal Development Company is a subsidiary of American Unified Finance Corporation? I didn't bring documentation regarding these matters with me... Your Honor, I object on the grounds of relevancy. Ahem, Your Honor, I will prove the relevancy with this line of questioning. Overruled. Thank you. Now, I have here a list of the board of directors of American Unified. Are you aware that at least four of these board members are currently under federal indictment for income tax evasion? No, I am not. And do you realize that those same men have long criminal records? No. Now, Mr. Lockwood, you had a close, personal relationship with Linda Coolidge, is that correct? We were to be married. Did you have a key to her apartment? Yes, I did. Now, Mr. Lockwood, the night of the murder you were at a fundraising dinner downtown. Yes. Were you there all evening? I left when I received word that Linda had been shot. I was asked to identify the body. But you didn't leave before that? No. Your Honor, we have some audio-visual material that's pertinent to this witness. May we have permission to bring it into the court? Your Honor, this entire line of questioning is totally irrelevant. I will demonstrate the relevancy with the demonstration. Overruled. This'll just take a minute. Now, on this first screen, we're gonna see news footage taken at the fundraising dinner. Hold it right there. And on the second screen, we'll see more news footage in front of the decedent's apartment the night of the murder. Okay... hold it right there. See? There he is. Going in to identify the body. On the third screen, more news footage of Mr. Lockwood coming out later, after identifying the body. Freeze it, Tyler. Your Honor, I-I still fail to see the relevance of all this. Counsel for the defense is indulging in his well-known habit of turning a courtroom into a sideshow. Your Honor, this is crucial to our defense. If you'll bear with me a few more minutes. Overruled. Mr. Lockwood, isn't it true that you slipped out of that banquet unseen? No. And didn't you go to Linda Coolidge's apartment, where you argued with her over exposing your connection to organized crime through a proposed news story with Steve Emerson? No. Didn't you struggle with her and kill her? Absolutely not. But Mr. Lockwood, you see, here at the banquet you were wearing a name tag like the other guests. When you went to her apartment to identify the body, you were not wearing a name tag. However, when you came out again, you were wearing a name tag again. You know what I think? I think during the struggle with her, before you killed her, that name tag came off your suit. And when you came back, as you say, to identify the body, you found that name tag and put it back, which is why you are wearing it right there. I'm not on trial here. You got that part right. I don't have to prove your guilt here and now. I leave that in the skillful hands of the prosecution. They'll find somebody who saw you leave that dinner. They may even find somebody who saw you near Emerson's car when you put the gun there. I just have to show this jury that there's more than a reasonable doubt that Steve Emerson committed this crime. And I suppose we have you to thank for that. No further questions, Your Honor. We find the defendant not guilty. Congratulations, Mr. Emerson. Mr. Matlock. Excuse me. Congratulations, Mr. Emerson. Can we have a statement? This is obviously a great day for me and for the press in general. I mean, we were right down to the wire, but we pulled it out. You...? You have any plans now? All I wanna do right now is I want to get back to New York, and I wanna get back to work. Excuse me, miss. You don't think this will have any effect on your returning to your show? - I hope not. What about the case? Do you think Matlock did a good job? - Yes, I do. - What about rumors of you and Matlock's daughter? No comment. Tyler, you coming? Yo. Well, this probably won't be on TV tomorrow, but I know what a great job the both of you did, so I'm taking you to dinner. All right. Where are we going? Santino's. Santino's? That's some kind of pickup joint, ain't it? No, it's where we yuppies go to unwind. Yeah, haven't you ever seen a beer commercial? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 