Nikita: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nikita 
 s1e3 - Kill Jill - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nikita (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 3 - Kill Jill - full transcript 
 Nikita rescues Jill, a journalist who is trying to expose a conspiracy involving Division and a major plane crash. Michael and Percy suspect Birkhoff of being Nikita's inside mole and send Amanda in to interrogate him. Michael enlists the help of the recruits, Alex, Jaden and Thom, to help them locate their latest target. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NIKITA: Six years ago, I was taken from prison... ...and forced to become an assassin for a secret unit of the government: Black-ops program called Division that has now gone rogue. They destroyed my identity and they destroyed the man I loved. I escaped and now the man that trained me... ...someone I trusted, is hunting me. What Division doesn't know is that I have a partner on the inside: Alex, a new recruit with a dark past... ...who I've trained in secret to resist their control. Together, we're going to take Division apart, one mission at a time. And the last word they'll breathe before the end will be my name. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We have an ID on the target yet? Jill Morelli. She's a freelance reporter, 28 years old. Also runs a blog that tracks government conspiracies. Awkward. How did she get wind of our op? -Who talked to her? BIRKHOFF: We're not sure. I hacked into her home PC. There's no mention of the op in there. PERCY: But she knows we were at the crash site? Girl's cracked some major scandals. Attracted just as many libel suits. -Most major papers won't touch her. -Yeah, well, it only takes one, right? Agent Donaghan, use Grab Team B. I wanna find out exactly what she knows... ...and how she came to know it. Donaghan, I'll get you the coordinates for the target. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 NIKITA: This is the Operations Room. The window looks out onto the training area... ...so the almighty parents can look down on the kids. Most of their key intel passes through that huh. When a new target comes in... ...Operations becomes the most popular club in town. If we're gonna sabotage Division... ...that's one of the veins I'm gonna need you to tap. -Doesn't the window work both ways? -Gold star. Glass is tinted, so you're gonna have to get close. Problem is you can't just walk up... ...and press your nose against it like a kid in a candy store. Jaden. I'm just looking for a sparring partner. Find someone else, newbie. -You know we're supposed to play nice. -Oh, I forgot. We're still on probation because of the whole you-attacking-me thing. I got nothing to say about that. There's something about me you should know. [grunting] MAN: Go break it up. COMPUTER: Target name is Jill Morelli. Check it out. Yeah, I'm out of the elevator. Say again? I don't know, 15, 20 minutes. Yeah, it'll he fine, honey. Just reheat it when I get home. No, no, I'm in the garage now. Yeah. I'm losing you. Jeremy! Damn it! Morelli, you scared the hell out of me. Oh, sorry, Jer, but I am sitting on the story of the year here. JoAnne won't put my calls through to you. -Just need two minutes. -Got ten seconds until I get to my car. AirMerica flight crashed in the Appalachian Mountains. A hundred and twelve dead, no survivors. Every paper is covering that. Yeah? Which one's got the exclusive on the black helicopters? "What black helicopters, Jill?" What black helicopters, Jill? The ones my source saw land at the crash site... ...before the huge forest fire conveniently burned up all the evidence. -Evidence of what? -Exactly. When I called AirMerica for comment, they put me on hold... ...and guess who picked up the line. Henry Samson. -You spoke to Henry Samson? -Yeah. I mean, since when does a CEO of a major airline... ...pick up the phone to talk to a freelance journo? When he's scared, Jeremy. When he's scared. [JEREMY GROANS] -What? it's story of the year, Jeremy. -I've heard that before. -My source has video of the crash site. -Yeah? How much does your source want this time? Fifty grand. How can you put a price on the truth? We're not TMZ, Jill. We don't pay for stories. Even if it is the story of the year...  [GUNSHOT] [MUFFLED SCREAMING] DONAGHAN: shh, shh, shh. You just killed him. And you're going to prison for the rest of your life unless we get that video. [SCREAM s] Gold star. I don't know. Set up a candlelight vigil or something. Keep them off our hack for five minutes. Mr. Samson, the gentleman to see you, sir. Your baggage claim check, sir. That's not funny, Percy. Relax, Henry. You'll survive. And more importantly, so will your airline. Read an interesting article in the Post this morning. Apparently their chief editor was shot dead last night. I paid you to keep this quiet. No, you paid me to clean up after your plane crash and collect the cargo. -I did that. -And somebody saw you doing it. Somebody who had a video camera. Somebody who called a reporter... ...who then called me asking about black helicopters. I'll locate and destroy the video. No extra charge. And the reporter? You mean the unhinged, unemployed maniac who shot her boss? We'll get her hack. Although, in the future, I would advise you to keep our dealings private. Excuse me? Last night's incident was a result of a third-party interference. A third party who more than likely was informed by a leak... ...from within your company. Percy, if there's a leak, it's not coming from my shop. It's coming from yours. NIKITA: Don't get up too fast. DMHP takes a while to wear off. it's the worst. Got you some java. Jill, if I were gonna hurt you, I would have done it already. You're at my place. They're not gonna find you here. They? Who are they? Who are you? I'm Nikita. I used to he one of them. I'm not anymore. I read your blog, by the way. All that crap in there about illegal black cps... ...assassination programs, ghost agents. I mean, you're on the right track. In a general sense. Your specifics are way off. -What? -Doesn't matter. Nothing on your website would make them wanna kill you. Were you working on a story with that editor? Oh, Jeremy. Oh, God, Jeremy. -Jill. -oh, God. The plane crash. That's what we were talking about. Those hit men wanted me to give up my source. Listen, it's gonna he okay. We'll expose what they're trying to hide. -But you have to tell me what that is. -I don't know. All right, hacked the State Police server and put out an APB for Jill Morelli. Got her wanted in connection with the murder. Heard from on-site team. Target apartment secure. -No sign of Nikita. -Patch me through. I listed Morelli as armed and dangerous. You wanna go federal? What was the last confirmed location? Cell phone pinged off a tower in Brooklyn at 1:07 a.m. Nikita must've dumped it right after your guys botched the job. They could he a couple hundred miles in any direction by now. -Widen the net. Tri-state area. -On-site team on three. Any leads? AGENT: There's a whole bunch of material here. Notepads, bulletin boards, file cabinets. Okay, clean it cut, bring it here. All of it, now. -Yes, sir. -Tell Percy I need to see him. A couple of days ago, this guy contacted me through my site. Said he had some video that would blow my mind. AirMerica crash, two helicopters, some paramilitary operation. He wouldn't give me specifics. He made me drive out to Virginia just to meet him. Young guy, scared of what he saw, not faking it. Wanted $50,000 just to show me the video. Sc you went to the Post for the 50,000? But I was hoping for 5, maybe. Guy's supposed to call me at 1 p.m. tomorrow. -Wait, what day is this? -it's tomorrow. -What's your source's name? -I don't know. He wouldn't tell me. -What's his number? -He has my number. What the... ? What happened to my phone? I took out the battery and SIM card out so they couldn't trace you. -You got a boyfriend, roommate? -No. Why? Well, because those men are definitely at your house by now. -Then let's call the police. -No, no. They control the police. Right now they're doing everything they can to hunt you down. You said they won't he able to find me here. We're not staying here. You have a very important phone call in 42 minutes. PERCY: Nikita's making good on her threat. Third time she's interfered with our missions. That we know cf. Well, what we do know is that she's been ahead of us at each step. At a certain point, we have to consider the possibility of a leak from the inside. A high-level leak. I'd like to rule out a data breach before we start a mole hunt. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Data breach? No way. No. Our network is Fort Knox. Internal servers are air-gapped and I run routine pen tests on the outer defenses. We're talking five-tier security... ...with protocols that rotate every hour, on the hour. That's proprietary software. Only person who could dream of hacking into Division is me. What? Well, you did have a prolonged interaction with Nikita... ...directly following her reappearance. If by "interaction" you mean "kidnap and torture," yeah. You debriefed me, remember? A debriefing that Nikita allowed, by allowing you to return to us. Dude, she pistol-whipped my face. What are we even talking about here? Take him down to see Amanda. I'll give her instructions. What is this? I'm not a mole. Well, then you have nothing to worry about. Sc he calls me and I let it go to voice mail, of course. I can't even check it. His voice reminds me of his face. it's disgusting. What part of "l don't like you" does he not understand? We have to check out that new wine bar this weekend. -Oh, I love wine bars. -I know you do. -Whose office is this? -Don't know. it'll work. What if they come hack while we're in here? Nobody's coming back. It's lunchtime. Your boy's gonna call in 2 minutes. We've got 15 before we...  -What are you doing? -I always eat when I'm nervous. The second I turn on this phone, they're gonna know where we are. I need you to get your source to agree to a trade for the video, fast. -What if he asks for the money? -You have it. Okay, I've got a hit on the target phone. Getting its 20 from the GPS. It's either a trick or she needs to receive a call. Are we up on the carrier? Yeah, but it looks like they've got call forwarding enabled. She's talking to the source. -it's 1:05. Where the hell is he? -I don't know. [CELL PHONE VIBRATES & PHONE RINGS] -Hello? MAN: Hey, it's me. -How'd it go with your editor? -Um, it was good. I have the money. Well, what is it? Is it cash, check? It's check. I just need to know who to write it out to. I want you to take a picture of the check and upload it to my Flickr account. This is Malia Watson, Jill's editor. What is on this video... ...and why would I pay you $50,000... ...for something that's been mocked up on your desktop? -You'll have to see it for yourself. -Honey, I don't have time for games. -Better luck with The Enquirer. Be well. -Wait. You have to understand, I never meant to see this. I was hiking off the trail when I heard the crash. And I ran over and when I got there, it was just wreckage. You know, everywhere. And I heard these helicopters, so I thought it was search-and-rescue. These so-called black helicopters? Yeah. The guys rappelled out of them like commandos. But instead of looking for survivors... ...they started hauling these huge bags out of the wreck. The bags were packed with cocaine. Like the whole plane was packed with coke... ...and these guys were grabbing it up. How do you know it was cocaine? It was either that or someone was about to bake a really big cake. We have the money, you have the video. Where do you wanna meet for the trade? The quad at North Virginia State. Okay? Tomorrow, 10 a.m. Was that really necessary? Great spot to hide from a trace. Where do you want us to start? Percy told me what's going on and I have to agree. There's something off with your story. I didn't do anything. Why don't you guys believe me? I believe that you believe that, Birkhoff. Great, psychobabble. How much are you charging for this session? I only want you to open up to me. You can tell me anything. No, no, no. You are trying to get me to admit to something that I didn't do. What did you and Nikita talk about when she captured you? We've been over this a thousand times. She told me she wanted to burn down Division. I told her she was insane. And you and Nikita were comrades when she served here. Did you ever have feelings for her? You know what? I'm getting a feeling right now like I was kidnapped... ...and now I'm being framed for giving her intel. Birkhoff, I'm not holding it against you. If you have an emotional connection to Nikita, it's natural. Coworkers often develop physical and emotional attractions for one another. She was a recruit. A super hot one, yeah, but I know the rules. -Look, but don't touch. -She's not a recruit anymore. Whose fault is that? Ever since she held you hostage... ...Nikita has had access to highly confidential information. And if you had done your job, Nikita would still be serving us right now. You see, you're the one who screwed the pooch, Amanda. You were supposed to mold her into this perfect, obedient agent. But the second girlfriend got a chance to split, she took it. -Where you going? -Martin. Oh. -Take him to Medical. -Oh, come on. I want to run an f MRI brain scan for lie detection. I'm not lying. -Okay. All right. -Full body cavity search as well. That is overkill, Amanda. Ow, ow! Amanda! Tell me you found the video. We're still looking for the source. I'd like your permission to enlist some of the recruits to help with the trace. We've emptied the reporter's apartment, her public storage locker. Brought everything here. I get it. Too much material to sift through on the clock. Fine. Do it. I also would like to give them the target's full profile. Absolutely not. Like you said, we're on the clock. Redacting intel will only slow us down. If we give them a full profile, it will invariably prompt... ...the inane moral debate about the target being a good person. Last thing we need is another recruit to discover their inner Nikita. Tell them it's a training exercise. All right, listen up. We're running a training exercise. Three-man units. This will he a competition. Team leaders, pick your people. Jaden. Alex. What are you doing? I'm trying to save your life. Both of yours. You guys were given an ultimatum that came from Operations. Show visible improvement within two weeks or get canceled. That was a week ago. How do you think you're doing? If anyone else fails this test, they'll get meal penalty... ...or maybe solitary at the worst. If either of you fail, you may not he coming hack. MICHAEL: Good evening. This exercise is designed to test your tracking skills. You'll examine evidence from the home of a terrorist... ...who was planning to meet a munitions expert. Now, their goal was to destroy a government facility. Your task is to uncover the identity of the munitions expert... ...and where the meet was going to take place. Our agents were able to do this in 12 hours. Let's see if you can do better. Fifteen minutes, okay? Then we're hack in the car. Got 90 miles to go and we gotta take back roads. No more nervous appetite? I keep seeing Jeremy's face. He was staring right at me when .... You didn't kill him, Jill. They did. And why? For what? For money? Yeah. For a lot of money. Think about it, okay? Henry Samson is using passenger planes to smuggle drugs. Probably to keep from going under like all the other airline companies. A real-life story of the year. Jeremy would have loved this. When we get this video, you're gonna make sure your article gets published. Yeah, if we get the video. Those guys coming after us aren't airline security. They're the commando guys from the crash site. Who are they? Oh, come on. You said before I was on the right track. Some kind of government black-cps unit? Maybe even mercenaries? You need to stick with what you can prove. If this video is all it's cracked up to he... ...you get to prove that a Fortune 500 CEO is smuggling drugs. You will never he able to prove who the guys were in the helicopters. -why? -They don't have decals... ...on their vehicles or their clothing. There's no record that they exist. No documentation, no evidence. What about you? You were part of them. You're evidence. I don't exist either. Why won't you tell me what you know? Why are you protecting them? I'm protecting you, Jill. Think if I could go to the press to take them down, I wouldn't have done it? You won't he the first reporter I've seen them kill. Yeah, well, I won't let Jeremy die for nothing. I have to tell the whole story, Nikita. I owe him at least that much. We gotta go. Now. Get up, put your head down, follow me. [INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE] COP: Excuse me, miss. NIKITA: Come on. Go. We gotta lose the car. They're gonna know where we are. -But you just knocked them out. -I'm not talking about the cops. We got a hit on Nikita, 90 miles outside of Blacksburg, off Highway 81. -Does she have the reporter? -Two highway patrol officers... ...recognized Morelli from the BOLO. Nikita slipped the net. -Amateurs. -Alpha Team's en route to Virginia. -I'm gonna chopper there. -You'll wanna see this first. We found how she breached us. It's you? I'm not the mole, genius. it's my molar. Second bicuspid, actually. Lower left. I had Medical run an f MRI on Birkhoff. Imagine my surprise when it showed a wireless transmitter... ...embedded in his tooth. Nikita must have planted it when he was passed cut. -Possibly. -Possibly? I think I'd remember that. AMANDA: He passed the lie detection. She had to remove the cap in order to insert the hug. -You must've felt that after wards. -Oh, I felt it. My whole face was sore for a week after she got done with me. Why are you smiling? Look, just get it out of there. Get what out of where? I am totally sorry about that whole "you're bad at your job" thing. And I completely take it hack. It was .... Please. Drugs, please. Describe him again. Um .... Early 20s, African American, kind of hipster-cute. Hipster-cute? Yeah, you know, an ironic t-shirt kind of guy with the big jeans... -...that hangs out in the coffee shops...  -Yeah, I get it. Maybe we got the location wrong. Maybe he's waiting for us somewhere else... ...and can't call us because you stomped on my phone. We're at the right place. He's not gonna show up. -Probably saw the news. -What news? That you're wanted for murder. He's paranoid. Okay, what do we do now? I mean, we're screwed. We're gonna track him down ourselves. Come on. These notebooks are just conspiracy theory crap. What are we supposed to he looking for anyway? Behavioral patterns, motives, potential targets. There's a hunch of stuff on a plane crash. Maybe she caused it. They said the terrorist was targeting a government facility, not a plane. Like the Pentagon? A plane crashed into that. Yeah, there's a conspiracy theory on that in here too. -Why are the names blacked cut? -They don't wanna make it easy on us. How do you know it's a she? -What? -The terrorist. What makes you think it's a woman? Smell. Grapefruit-and-vanilla-scented candles. All right, show-off. I'll see your scented candles and I'll raise you this. Handwritten note. "Video on A.T., Stony Creek." Maybe A.T. is the initials of the munitions expert. Stony Creek's in Virginia. The plane crash was in Virginia. A.T. could he Appalachian Trail. Not bad. Anything not tied to Virginia moves off the table. Let's get a map. NIKITA: Where's the movie theater you first met him at? JILL: Right here. He asked you to meet at two different locations near the university. He was hiking the day of the crash, which was a Wednesday. He's not a nine-to-fiver, he's a college student. One without a set of wheels. Both locations are on this bus route. I found three sporting goods stores along that line. Right. Wait, why do we care about sporting goods all of a sudden? Our student's a hiker. An ambitious one, if he got up to where the crash happened. That's way off trail. He'd need some serious gear to get up there. Come on, let's go shopping. ALEX: Blacksburg is in Virginia. But the date on that ticket stub is after the plane crash. You said the plane crash didn't matter. We're done. -Finish this profile before we call...  -Michael. THOM: What are you doing? Alex here seems to have it all figured cut. Well, there's a lot of evidence that points to Virginia... ...as either the target location or meeting place... ...between our terrorist and the munitions expert. Continue. This is a ticket stub to a theater in Blacksburg. 3:15 matinee of Elmo: The Movie. Sc far, our terrorist is female, college-educated... ...no kids, based in Brooklyn. Driving all the way to Virginia to see an Elmo movie is weird. -Sc that's where they met. -Maybe. Definitely. This is one of those theaters with assigned seats. Row G, seat 12. And this is a stub for G-11, the person sitting next to her. We know exactly where they were sitting on Sunday the 10th... ...between 3:15 and 5 p.m. Well, it's not had. But we're after 100 percent confirmation. -If there are cameras, you can get it. -What do you mean? Tell him what you told me. Hey, what's she doing in here? Operations is off-limits to recruits. -Go on. -Okay. I used to have this friend, Zeke, and he used to bootleg DVDs... ...until they started putting night-vision cameras inside the movie theaters. Lyric Theater in Blacksburg, Virginia. Think we can we access their security footage? Who do you think you're talking to? Okay, the 10th, 3:15 showing, Auditorium 4. Elmo: The Movie? This is creepy. MICHAEL: G-11, G-12. A, B, C. Get closer in on that couple. Hey. There's our reporter. Reporter? I thought you said this was an inactive mission. -That must he her source. -Just for training. Facial recognition can pinpoint the name on the new guy? BIRKHOFF: Don't need it. Dude used his credit card to buy that tub of popcorn. Benjamin Prentice, North Virginia State. -Member of the Outdoors Club. -Great. Get me his home address. Gold star. Wait. I wanna go on the mission. Maybe next time. Why don't you stay here with Birkhoff and observe from Operations? You've earned it. [CHATTERING] Okay, Michael, you are 5 miles from destination. Head east in 400 feet. -Or don't. Whatever. MICHAEL [OVER RADIO]: Copy that. Pretty cool you can hack into all these servers. Local theaters, local police, FBI. It's called ownage, girl. I don't have to hack jack. All these systems are already hacked. I own them. One button, boom. Sneakers, River Phoenix, rent it. What's up? -Division's lucky to have you. -Ha! Tell that to Percy and the Dragon Queen. They thought I was a mole. The fascists. [DOORBELL RINGS] NIKITA: Ben! -Prentice! -Okay, please, please, don't hurt me. -Ben Prentice, don't he a wuss. -Nobody gets hurt. -We just wanna see the video. -it's gone. I trashed it right after I saw you killed that guy. -I didn't kill anybody. -Ben, we know you have it. If we have to waste time looking for it, the real killers, the ones on the video... -...they'll show up. -How will they find me? Manager at Ace Sporting Goods, your buddy, he was really helpful. He thought that you'd enjoy a visit from two hot babes. Gonna he a lot easier for the black-helicopter guys... ...unless we get that video out in the open. What's it gonna he? BEN [ON TV]: The plane cra... The plane crashed. There's so much fire. God. Oh, my... They're all dead. What... ? It's gotta he 4 metric tons of product there. They must have over-weighted the plane. [CLAMORING] BEN: Oh, Sh... ! [BEN PANTING] Let's get this uploaded. -What's the paper's address? -Guardianpost.com. Wi-Fi's jammed. -What's going on? NIKITA: I'm calling the cops. -Bring the cops here? -I need your cell. -You told me they control the police. -information flow, not trigger fingers. Locals will come, arrest you. You'll he safe for a couple of hours. -A couple of hours? -Just trust me, okay? Hey, there's no bars. NIKITA: They're jamming everything. Phone lines are down. All other communication is jammed. All right, listen up. ROE level is four. Silencers on. No need to wake the neighbors. -Are those the feds? -Get away from there. Don't go out there! BEN: They're in there! [GUNSHOTS] Get down! [SIRENS WAILING] Copy the video onto your flash drive now. -Where'd they come from? -Don't know. BIRKHOFF: Ahh. Red Bull. Uhh. Birkhoff, I thought you said the satellites were down. Birkhoff? Michael, SATs are down. Chill. -Then how did the cops get here? -I don't know. It...  Uh, the cops got a dispatch. I don't know where from. White female, yadda yadda yadda. It's a local PD looking for the reporter. If Nikita's in the house, they have no idea. Tell the cops you're coming out. Arms and hands in the air. Well, what about you? Commandos will he forced to split their team, send a unit to follow the cops. They'll have less guys to attack me with. Don't worry. -oh, God. oh, God. -Jill. Tell them your story. I'm counting on you. COP 1: Walk slowly towards us, Miss Morelli. Keep your hands up. Hands behind your hack. Turn around. COP 2: All right, clear the house. Mobile one, follow the reporter. Mobile two will stay with me. COP 2: it's clear. We're good to go. Locals have cleared the house. You think Nikita's still in there? Yeah. MICHAEL: Nikita, we found your wireless hug. It's pretty clever. Old Birkhoff had no idea. NIKITA: Not such a smart guy after all. Does Birkhoff have a toothache or did Percy just cancel him? No, he's alive, but it could have gone either way. You put him in danger, Nikita. That's not like you. You don't know me anymore, Michael. [grunting] -Drop it. Drop it. Drop it. -Don't. Nikita. Tell your man to drop it or I drop him. -She won't hurt me. -Shut up! Get down! This isn't gonna work. Look, the more you try to do this, the more you hurt yourself. Michael... ...you have no idea how much pain I can take. [ARM Pops] [NIKITA GROANS] What's this? CD player. They used to have them. You know, before MP3s. -Shut up. -Division won't let us... ...have anything with a hard drive. -Sc this is... ? -You succeed, you get rewarded. Jaden took the TV, but I figure she's been here longer, so whatever. Here. I can't remember the last time I heard music. You deserve it, Alex. She got away. The, um, terrorist. It was an active mission. She got away. Yeah, I heard. But that's not our fault. We did our jobs. REPORTER [ON TV]: With Henry Samson 's arrest... ...AirMerica stock has continued to plummet... ...losing nearly 70 percent of its market value overnight. Samson was allegedly in cahoots with the Vargas cartel... ...coordinating over a dozen cocaine shipments... ...between Colombia and the United States. The suspected cartel members in the notorious video... ...released by the Post remain at large. Oh, God. Heh. Pepper spray. Hey, can never he too careful. -How's the new gig? -Pretty great, actually. Breaking national story of a drug-running airline made me kind of popular. Jill, you have to stop digging into this. -Digging into what? -You know what. No, you know, and you won't even give me their name. You're breathing because you don't know their name. And killing the journalist who took down AirMerica... ...would make people look further into Jeremy Holt's murder. What gets me is Jeremy's family will never know the truth. And that these people, whoever they are, they get away with it... ...and no one can stop them. I'm going to stop them. Well, see, you don't have to do it alone. I can help. I'm not alone, Jill. But if I need your help, I'll ask. I promise. Can I quote you on that? Not really. NIKITA [OVER RECORDING]: But if I need your help, I'll ask. Oh, wait...  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 