Nikita: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nikita 
 s1e6 - Resistance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nikita (2010–2013): Season 1, Episode 6 - Resistance - full transcript 
 Nikita convinces Owen to trust her leading him to tell her how her fiancé died. The recruits transport vehicle is attacked and Alex and Thom are kidnapped (a division test). They are tortured and pushed to their limits until Alex breaks free and turns to Nikita for help. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NIKITA: Six years ago, I was taken from prison... ...and forced to become an assassin... ...for a black-ops program called Division that has now gone rogue. They destroyed my identity and they destroyed the man I loved. I escaped and now the man that trained me is hunting me. With the help of Alex, my partner on the inside... ...we discovered the location of a black box. A hard drive that holds our government's darkest secrets... ...and makes Percy and his Division untouchable. It was guarded by one of Division's finest. A man committed to his mission. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Until they killed the woman he loved. With his help, I will destroy the black box... ...and then I will take Percy and Division down. And the last word they'll breathe before the end will be my name. Alex, come on. You said you wanted to know who I was? The answer's over here. ALEX: Who's Nikita? Me. According to record, I died September 3rd, 2004. Executed by lethal injection in a state penitentiary. -What is this? Some kind of joke? -No. Though it may be a truth you're not ready to hear. Why? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 NIKITA: People who forged this gravestone... ...are the same people who killed your parents. They're called Division. They started as a black-ops assassination program. These days, they're more mercenary than government. Alex, your father was a Division target. They sent a team to your house. They burnt it to the ground. How do you know that? I'm the one who got you out of there that night, Alex. No. I saved your life. No, this isn't real. This is not real. Alex. Told you you weren't ready. The clock is ticking, my young padawans. Three minutes left before you report to Amanda. Michael. Welcome back from Montreal, sir. What is if? I thought you might like to discuss me breaking into your office. -I'm sure you had your reasons. -What if you had left... ...because someone was threatening you? Or blackmailing you? I had...  When I doubt your loyalty to Division, Michael, you will know. The only time I've ever questioned it was during your relationship with Nikita. What relationship? But we don't have to worry about her anymore, do we? Now that she's at the bottom of the St. Lawrence River. We have no confirmation of that. I watched her go over the side of that freighter. I emptied a magazine into the water. I feel confident that our divers will come up with the body... ...along with that of the agent who died with her. Who was the agent? If you don't mind me asking. Just another soldier who couldn't follow orders. We all know what happens to them. NIKITA: Glad to see you're awake, Owen. Don't get up too fast. You got shot, remember? -Where am I? -We're at my safe house. You've been in and out of consciousness for 48 hours... ...since we got back from Montreal. I took out Percy's bullet, hope you don't mind. Also removed your tracking implant. Division can't find you here. You lost a lot of blood...  [BOTH GRUNTING] Where's the key? Where's the key? [SCREAMS] Stop it. Do it! Do you know how hard it is to have a conversation with you? [OWEN G ROANS] Now, I'm gonna throw you this bottle of antiseptic... ...and you're not gonna do anything stupid, like try to drink it or blind me. I don't know how else to convince you to trust me. -Why don't you let me go? -So you can try to kill me again? Yeah. You think I'm responsible for Emily's death? -Before you showed up, we were safe. -You lost control of your mission. I had a plan. A plan to make it right. Oh, yeah? What plan was that? To return Percy's black box, shake his hand, go and grab your girlfriend? He would have killed you on sight. He'd have sent a cleaner to erase Emily. She's the reason you lost your priorities. That's what Percy does, Owen. He destroys the thing you love, so he can get the thing he wants. And what do you want? Same thing he does, find out where I hid the black box. -Is that what you want? -I do. We'll deal with that later. [G ROANS] Right after I patch you up. Again. AMANDA: I'll be watching you the entire time. If I feel like you're getting off track, I'll prompt you over the ear bud. Who is this guy anyway? Maro is a member of the AI-Myah al-Myqh, an Egyptian terror cell. We want him to give up the other members. We want names. You have 10 minutes to get the intel. If you fail, I'll get it myself. But remember, you're being evaluated. Try not to fail. And one more thing, Alex. ALEX: What's this? It's the remote for the electrocution device we put on Maro. In case he needs a little motivation. [Door BUZZES] [Door OPENS] How old are you? Eighteen? Nineteen? You send a child to frighten me? Alex [over TV]: The intel we have indicates... ...that your group has been on U.S. soil for the last six months. How many people are you working with? Since when do you sit in on recruit exercises? Oh, from what you've told me, Alex is no typical recruit. So, what do you think? Another rising star? Too early to tell. Where's the hideout? I can control the raid so your people won't be killed. And why should I believe your assurances? What power could you possibly have? Enough to know about your family in Cairo. Your wife, Halima, your 6-year-old son, Oba, who likes to fly kites. Give up your people's location and maybe you'll get to see them again. Positive incentives aren't working, Alex. Maybe it's time to try a negative one. If you don't answer my questions, I will have to hurt you. [SPITS] AMANDA: Remember what we discussed, Alex. Show him you're in control. Just tell me something. [BOTH GRUNT] You think I would betray my brothers, huh? They will come for me. And you and your people will suffer! GUARD: Hey. Get him out of here. [GASPING] Why the hell wasn't anyone making sure he was tied up right? Look, we can't use metal cuffs due to the electric shock. Move your hand. Let me check. [COUGHS] You probably just bruised your esophagus. What did you do, call him a name or something? ALEX: You saw the whole thing go down. -Interesting. I'll go and handle our Egyptian friend... ...hut what about Alex? Good question. MICHAEL: Let's get you an ice pack. [ALL GRUNTING] [WHISTLE BLOWS] MICHAEL: Everybody, listen up. You'll spend today's tactics lesson handling sniper rifles. But here's the rub, it'll be at one of our off-site training grounds. The bus leaves in 30 minutes, so gear up and bring your A game. MAN: All right. Hey. I heard what happened during your eval. I'm sorry I wasn't there. I'd have heat that guy's head in. I'm worried about failing the interrogation. Well, look. The prisoner's restraints got loose. That wasn't on you. Yeah, at least we get to go outside. That's something, huh? Mm, not really. The transport's windows are all blacked out. No way to know where we're going. Yeah. Sucks. I'm naked. And observant. You got anything to eat? Well, I don't have any raw meat to throw at you... ...hut I do make a mean veggie shake. You stitch up the wound? Standard field dressing. The real damage won't begin to heal for at least a year. Three years out, you'll still feel her. You know, you and I have more in common than you think, Owen. Division took everything from me too. That's why I walked... Or ran. When? Three years ago. I made the same mistake you did. Best mistake of my life. Who was he? He was a web designer. He was funny. Goofy, almost. And when he smiled .... He was real. So real, it hurt. His name was Daniel Monroe. I was deep undercover when we met. We started to make plans. Ex filtrate to South America... ...live on a beach... ...start a family. What happened? Daniel and I had his parents' lake house to ourselves for the weekend. I drove up there to meet him in the Adirondacks. When I got there, he wasn't inside, so I walked down to the dock... ...found him floating face down. Coroner said he drowned, but I knew it was Division. If I can get my hands on that black box you were protecting... ...I'm one step closer to bringing down Percy. And then what he did to Daniel and to Emily... ...he won't be able to do to anyone else. [TIRES SCREECHING] Listen, about the other night. I just want you to know, it wasn't a big deal. So you go around trying to hook up with all the recruits? No. I...  I just want you to know I wasn't expecting anything else out of it. -I mean, it was...  -Just a kiss. I know. Got it. [TIRES SCREECH THEN BUS THUDS] [ALL GASP] [MEN SHOUTING OUTSIDE] MAN: Everybody, get down! [Gunfire] MAN 1: Everybody, off, now! Come on, let's go! Hurry up, come on! MAN 2: One by one. Come on. All right, all right, come on. Relax. Okay. Okay. [THOM GRUNTS] ALEX: Thom! MAN 1: Let's go. You...  [ALEX GASPS] [grunting] Your people took my brother from his bed when he was sleeping. When he was defenseless. Tell me, what kind of coward would do such a thing? His name is Bashir Maro. I've never seen him before. Yes, but you will help me find him. This is a truth that I promise. -What is that? -Something to make you talk. [PANTING] If I knew something that would help you, I would tell you, but I don't. [ELECTRICITY BUZZES SOFTLY] AMIR: You have one last chance to answer me. What do you know about my brother's abduction? Nothing. Please. I don't know where your brother is. I'm telling you the truth. [ELECTRICITY BUZZING THEN ALEX GROANS] [BUZZING STOPS] [ALEX SCREAMS] I thought she was going to start hyperventilating... ...when she saw Bashir's picture, but she covered right away. Clearly, she's buying into the scenario. I'm not an animal. It's Amir. He sells it. If it hadn't been for counterintelligence... ...he'd have had a career in the theater. -What about me? -You? You're a little more dinner theater. Though the leap from the chair was effective. -Convincing, as always, Agent Rahal. -Thank you. Come on. I'll walk you out. We should start a pool, bet on how long she'll last. I'm thinking five hours. What's the record again? Eighteen. Recruit named Glenn Roland. [LAUGHS] Glenn Roland, yo. Balls of steel. Of course the resulting PTSD was so severe, he could no longer function. We had to cancel him. Oh. Okay. AMIR: Tell me about your people. Are they FBIs? CIA? Blackwater? Who are you working with? [ALEX GROANS] I realize what this test is meant to achieve. Do we need the electric shock? When Alex was in that interrogation room... ...she couldn't electrocute her subject. She needs to know her enemies won't show her the same mercy. -We usually don't push this hard. AMANDA: Yes, we do. Maybe today just feels different. PERCY: Anything? -Not yet. She's reaching her threshold. PERCY: Curious to see how she's gonna try and talk her way out of this. Aren't you? ALEX: I can't tell you something I don't know. I've been running this transformer at 20,000 volts. But I can raise it. At 50,000, your organs will begin to suffer tissue damage. At 70, you will go into cardiac arrest. [ELECTRICITY BUZZES THEN ALEX SOBS] Oh, please. Stop it, please. I'll tell you what you wanna know. Just please stop. [PANTING] Division. People I work for, they .... AMIR: Division? That's what your group is called? Keep talking or I'll raise the volts. Yes. Their name is Division. But I'm not one of them. Not really. Never heard a recruit use that angle before. Neither have I. I wonder where she's going with it. If you are not one of them... ...then who are you? They abducted me. They took me from prison. That's...  That's how they grow their ranks. They pick people that don't have families... ...that won't be missed, that can't be traced if they're captured. Well, she gave that up pretty easy. She lasted three rounds of electroshock. Not many recruits could. She's also manipulating her captor. Positioning Division as a common enemy. She's clever, you have to give her that. Sayid. [MEN SPEAKING IN ARABIC] That's the second time I've seen you on that computer. Who are you in contact with? I was searching for black box locations. You can find anything on the Internet. Even if I was to tell you where it was... ...there are six more hard drives secured by guardians just like me. It's okay. I've got a plan. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Phase one, find them. Phase two, kick their ass. Phase three, veggie shakes. -Seems to be working with you. -It won't work with the others. Who are the other guardians? I don't know who they are. I don't know what cities they're in. All I know is Percy hand-picked each one of us. Why'd he pick you? I was a cleaner. I was his favorite cleaner. No questions, got the job done. I was able to stay detached. Till you met Emily. When Percy moved me to Montreal to guard the box... ...he told me it was the most important assignment of all. What he didn't tell me is how much downtime there would be involved. Kind of just crept up on me... ...how much I cared about her. And then it hit me. I started to see the people that I killed. Their faces. I started to see them as somebody's brother... ...or somebody's kid. And now I know how it feels. To love someone... ...and have them taken away from you. You never know how much you miss them till they're gone. [BOTH SPEAKING IN ARABIC] Sayid has been getting to know your friend in the next room. Thom is his name? He seems to be a loyal soldier. He said nothing about being forced to work for your Division. Which leads me to wonder if you are really the slave you claim to be. I am. We are. He's just...  He's been there longer. He's been brainwashed. You will tell me the truth or I will put a bullet in your friend. We're the only leverage you have to get your brother back. It'd be Stupid to kill him. THOM [OVER RADIO]: No. SAYID: Come on. THOM: No. Where are you taking me? I said, where are you taking me? Tell me the truth... ...or he dies. I told you everything I know. [Door OPENS] [THOM GRUNTING] What the hell is this? Who are you? Relax, recruit. it's all part of the exercise. Oh, yeah? Then where are the others? Where's Alex? Just an exercise, huh? Then why do you need that? BIRKHOFF: What'd they shoot him up with, that weird puffer-fish poison? It's an analogous compound. it'll slow his breathing and heart rate. For at least an hour, his vitals will have appeared to cease. Shh. I'm trying to watch. [GUNSHOT] [ALEX PANTING] Thom. Thom! He can't hear you. [GAS PS] [SOBING] They did a good job on his squibs. We saw her tell them about Division, but hold her ground on details. -What else are we waiting for? -it's the most crucial part. He didn't do anything! She's seen what her captors did. We get to see what she'll say to save her life. You're very beautiful... ...and very young. How did someone like you get pulled into a life like this? Where is your family? In the ground. As is mine. Casualties of your people. Who are yours casualties of? War? Crime? These questions are pointless. I'll tell Amir to pull the curtain. No. I know she's been holding something back during our sessions. I specifically requested these questions and I want her to answer them. -What I said before... -Hmm? ...about not being one of them.... Boost the levels, I can't hear anything she's saying. I didn't tell you everything. Then explain it to me. ALEX: There's...  There's... There's more. [grunting] -Show me your hands! -My men are just down the hall. All I have to do is call them. ALEX: Aah! PERCY: What? [SOBING] Get down and grab her before she gets away. Wait, she just killed Amir. He's dead. Like, for real. Somebody wanna tell me what he was doing in there with a loaded weapon? We underestimated her. You underestimated the effect it'd have on her. If we had ended this, they would've walked away. You pushed her. Which is the point of the test. To push the recruits to their limits. [GUARDS SHOUTING] There's a recruit with information about this organization. We need to contain the situation, now. [THUNDER RUMBLING] [CAR DOOR CLOSES] What are you doing here? Leave me alone. NIKITA: Okay. Wait. What the hell is this? Last time I rescued you, I left you with nothing. I didn't wanna do that again. I was there, Alex. I'm not lying. When I found out about the kill order on your family... ...saw there was a 13-year old girl on the list... ...I knew I had to do something. I couldn't get to your parents, but when I found you... ...I knew it was my only chance to save you. And do you know what happened to me? After you saved me? You were sold to sex traffickers. I had nothing to do with that. -I got you to a family friend, I had no...  -Neither did I. After I escaped from Division... ...I told myself, if I could just find you to see if you were okay... ...that I would have done one good thing in my life. There's $5000 in that envelope and a fake driver's license. That should get you started. I wanted you to know the truth. You deserve at least that much. Okay. This is the safe house where we were testing Alex. And this is our little runaway. I activated her tracker. It looks like she's headed due east. Making good time too. She got out about 45 minutes ago, she's already five miles away. Remember when you said putting tracking devices was excessive? What's in the area? There's a truck stop about a half mile in front of her. If she wants to make contact or hitch a ride, that's her best bet. All right. Prep a team immediately. It's just one recruit. I'll handle it myself. That girl has been inside these walls long enough to know how we operate. If she makes contact with someone, that's a breach in security. As far as the world's concerned, she's just a dead junkie. Who's she gonna contact? This will take the edge off the pain. Let me know if the room starts spinning. Too much and your system won't be able to handle it. Thompson Park. Under the oak tree, by the bridge. It's where I buried the drive. Wow, that veggie shake worked better than I thought. It's like you said... ...having the black box will help you take down Percy. You should go get it. No. I'm gonna stay here till you're better... ...and then we're gonna go and get it together. Yeah, I'd like that. I would. But I don't think it was meant to be. This is your fight too, you know? I wasn't just any cleaner, Nikita. I was Division's cleaner. In-house. Nikita, I was a reaper. A reaper? I canceled other agents. People from their old lives. People they had confided in about Division. People they had fallen in love with. How? It was quick. No. [SOBING] He didn't feel a thing. [SOBING] You know, they never told me your name. But from how you described how you found Daniel... ...I remembered that place in the Adirondacks. I knew it was a matter of time before I had to tell you. -Did Michael know? -What? About the kill order. Percy gave me my orders. [TRUCK HORN HONKS] [CELL PHONE RINGING] NIKITA: Hello? -it's me. -What happened? -I was taken hostage by these terrorists. It was the brother of the man...  The prisoner I interrogated at Division this morning. I had to kill him to get out of there. Just slow down. Where are you right now? Gas station off 95. Where were you when they kidnapped you? We were on a bus...  A bus that was taking us to some training ground somewhere. The prisoner you questioned, he was a terrorist too? Yes. He was a terrorist. He was part of the group that took me. why? I'm standing in the middle of nowhere, freezing... ...covered in dirt, can we please debrief later? When I was a recruit... ...I had to interrogate a Chinese secret service agent... ...who Division had captured. In the morning, when l woke up, I was in a Chinese prison. Soldiers told me that I had assassinated the president. Wanted to know who I worked for. Turns out it was all a test. Division wanted to know now I'd react to the situation. But I shot someone. Does that mean I killed a Division agent? We're gonna figure this out. What are they gonna do to me? Listen to me. it's gonna be okay. Just come get me. I will be there as soon as I can. Do it. It's why I told you where I hid the box. You don't need me anymore. This is the way it's supposed to end. [TIRES SCREECH] MICHAEL: Alex. I was worried somebody else might have gotten to you. These... These men, they took me. I know. I know, Alex, we...  I saw the whole thing go down. It was all part of an exercise. You're sick. You made me kill somebody. No, that was the agent's fault. You did what you had to do to survive. What's gonna happen to me when I go back? Look, we'll make this right, okay? I won't let them do anything to you. I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. I'm not gonna lose you too. Look, just trust me on this, okay? Everyone, get to your quarters, now. MAN: You heard him. Let's go. Is this your idea of handling the situation? What does he mean? A dead body on the outside begs a lot of questions. But in here, none. I think this is best handled on sublevel six. No! No! That won't be necessary. Alex wasn't the test subject today, Michael. -Or rather, she wasn't the only one. -I don't understand. Well, Agent Khamera had a gun that was loaded with blanks. And he was given strict orders to let her escape. So Nikita's been off the radar for three days... ...and you're already bored enough to play puppeteer to amuse yourself? And you keep talking about Nikita. It's like you're making my point for me. Feel free to tell me what that is anytime. As I said before... ...there's only one time I had ever doubted your loyalty. And my concern was that this was gonna be another Nikita. Did I pass your test or not? For the most part. You're sick. Both of you. Both of you. I just came by to talk. And why should I listen to you? You're telling me it's all gonna be okay... ...and the next, you're kissing Percy's ass, ready to cancel me. You're just like everybody else in here. A liar. You've been at Division long enough to know there are many kinds of tests. They run at every hour of the day. Sometimes you have no idea you're being tested. And other times, you do. So, uh... ...you're telling me you knew Percy was testing you? You expect me to believe that? The truth is what we choose to believe. And what I told you at the truck stop was the truth. Hey. The door was unlocked. It's not very spy-like of you. I thought you might stop by. Where are you going? I picked this place when I was looking for you. Figured when I found you, you'd stay here for a little while. Now it's just me. So downsizing, you know? I believe you. What you said. But I have some questions. You said you were gonna take down Division. But you're just one person. So? I wanna know what your plan is to win. If you know what to look for, you'll see their fingerprints. I look at news reports. Like, all of them. I search for incidents that look like Division jobs. When I find one, I follow the trail they left behind. Sounds like a lot of work not to get that much. It is not the perfect system, but it's all I have right now. If I had someone to help me, it'd probably go a lot faster. It's an awful lot of information to cull through. -Computers aren't really my thing. -They're not that hard. I'd teach you. I wouldn't want to be on a computer. I wanna be where the fight is. You can't. Why not? That's where you are. Alex, I've been through years of training. Every kind of training, courtesy of Division. So train me. They killed my parents. This is my fight too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 