Speed with Guy Martin: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Speed with Guy Martin 
 s1e1 - Britain's Fastest Cyclist - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Speed with Guy Martin (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Britain's Fastest Cyclist - full transcript 
 Guy attempts, with the help of slipstreaming, to break the British record for outright speed on a bicycle: an incredible 110mph. British Olympic track cyclist Laura Trott helps him get fit enough. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Motorcycle racer Guy Martin loves going fast. And now he's pushing his love of speed to the limit risking everything as he attempts to break four speed records. He's already broken the British and Commonwealth record for absolute top speed on a bicycle. 112.94 miles an hour. He's ridden a modified motocross bike 63 metres across the surface of a lake further than anyone else before. And he's pedalled his way to the fastest human-powered flight of 2013 at the Icarus Cup. Well done. Guy's final record attempt will take place here, on a Pyrenean mountainside in Andorra. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That is steep. That is steep. He wants to ride a snow sledge down a ski slope faster than anyone ever before. If it was easy, they'd be queuing up to do this, wouldn't they? And where's the queue? I can't see 'em. If he succeeds, he'll win a world speed record but if it all goes wrong, he could end up paying with his life. The world record Guy wants to beat was set by a 43-year-old lifelong thrill-seeker from Germany, Rolf Allerdissen. That's not good is it? We've gotta go beat the Germans. GERMAN DIALOGUE With the help of his friend, Olympic skijump silver medal winner Martin Ho¨Ilwarth Rolf built a basic homemade snow sledge which consisted of little more than a three- foot long plastic cushion with a pair of short wax skis bolted on the underside. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And on 10 April 2010, steering with his feet he rode his DlYgravity-powered snow sledge headfirst into the record books achieving a speed of 62.25 miles per hour; just over 100 kilometres per hour. GERMAN DIALOGUE Yeah, we don't just wanna break it a bit, do we, we wanna obliterate it. To be honest, I don't know owt about tobogganing, really. You know, we were, as kids, on dustbin bags and bin lids going down the shop hill or summat. that's about as much as I know about it. So to stand any chance of breaking the Germans' record Guy will hook up with some of the finest scientific, sporting and engineering minds in Britain. That's absolutely spot on. He'll employ the skills of the sports engineering team at Sheffield Hallam University led by Professor Steve Haake. I've got a team of about 30, 32 engineers and PhD students and what we do is, we solve people's problems in sport. Steve and his team are world class. They've worked on 30 Olympic projects, across 15 different sports with Team GB. They've developed performance analysis software for British boxing and aerodynamics for the skeleton bob. The engineering problems they'll face creating a bespoke sledge for Guy include making it as aerodynamic as possible. What we can see here is all the different swirls and turns that are coming off you that are creating this drag. They must also work out how to make it slide across the snow with the minimum of friction and they need to find a way to stop Guy safely. And along the way, he'll learn from sporting champions how he can control and stay safe on a machine designed to have little or no grip. Whoa! 11 months before Guy makes his record attempt he's come to the Swiss Alps to take advantage of the last of the winter snow and get his first taste of sledging at speed, on the legendary Cresta Run. We've come to the home of where sledging started, or tobogganing started we're going to the Cresta Run and that's where it all started here, oh I don't know, 1864 or something. Was it 1864? The Cresta Run is the world's oldest purpose-built tobogganing track. Named after the hamlet of Cresta where it's built just above the exclusive ski resort of St. Moritz. What do you think to St. Moritz? Is it very posh? - St. Moritz? - Yeah. For a VIP, very important person. - Ah, yeah, only for VIPs. Very expensive. - Is that right? As early as 1850, the English upper classes began travelling to the Alps to spend their holidays in the fresh mountain air. And folks as we know, they used to go Scarborough, Llandudno and Cleethorpes, I think. They used to go there for their summer holidays. But no, no, that's where the factory workers went. Well, the factory owners, all the posh boys they all used to come to Switzerland for their holidays. They indulged in all manner of healthy winter sports with much of the activity centred within the magnificent grounds of the Kulm Hotel. One, two, three; third along from the left. One, two, three; we're there, that's us. 1860 that, so it's alright yeah. Yeah. Goods were brought to hotels on delivery sledges The competitive British guests requisitioned these sledges and started racing them around town. The Swiss locals got fed up dodging sledges and wanted them off the streets. The enterprising owner of The Kulm, Johannes Badrutt had an idea that would solve the problem. Yeah this is him; he's had a tough paper round, a'nt he? That's Johann... Johann Badrutt. He built the world's first purpose-built track for tobogganing in the grounds of the hotel and made it free for his guests to use. Look here, they've got like a bit of water and pail round 'em just carrying some water, make it icy, so it goes a bit faster and that's where they all started, there; you know, started there. As people mastered the sport, they wanted bigger and faster runs so in 1884, work started on the Cresta Run. The result... ... was a thrilling ten- turn course which ran over three quarters of a mile. The Cresta Run was the fastest place on earth. Four people have been killed on the Cresta Run. Four people have been killed. Broken every bone on the human body. 28,000 crashes. I could nearly put money on it that it will be 28,001 at least, because I'm having a go tomorrow. 130 years on, this exclusive tobogganing club has members from around the world but still appears to be dominated by the English upper classes. And someone who knows the course better than most is Lord Clifton Hugh Lancelot de Verdon Wrottesley a former Winter Olympian and the Cresta's best ever rider. He's an international financier who splits his time between London and St. Moritz. He's won so many Cresta Run races that he has a dedicated trophy room in his St. Moritz home. The night before Guy hits the run himself Lord Wrottesley invites him over to see his trophies and talk sledging. I shit myself every time I go from the top. Every time? - Yeah, you have to. If you don't respect her, the run... Yeah, I understand her, yeah. ...she'll bite your arse, I mean she really will. I tend to try and focus my nerves into aggression and I'll do a sort of berserker at the top. You beat yourself around the face or any of that stuff? Yeah. - Do yer? - Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Mm, I like it. - I'll smack my helmet. - WWF style. Last of the American wrestling boys? All of that, all of that. - Yeah, oh, I like that. But then, as soon as you've done the start, you've then gotta be relaxed. Most Cresta Run crashes and injuries happen at the infamous Shuttlecock Corner. Oh, yer fighter! So that's a pretty quick fall. You just get a little bit winded sometimes. The worst thing that can happen to you is 35 kilos of sled tumbling about your ears and then if that then hits you, that's gonna hurt. You gonna pop down tomorrow for a look? - I will be down there tomorrow. That's spot on. - I will be down there. I shall see you down there. - I can't wait. Guy's joining a class of 11 novices from across Europe who've each paid just over £400 to try their luck and the day starts with a Cresta Run ritual, the notorious Death Talk. Good morning, gentlemen. - Good morning. Welcome to the Cresta Run. The Death Talk, my word! It was like a Second World War Royal Air Force mission briefing, that's what it was like. This skeleton is of a few members of our committee and shows some of the injuries that you can expect on the Cresta Run. Absolute poker face. This massive pelvic injury happened to Major Kelly and he died on the operating table three times before they managed to save his life. If you are the unlucky one who falls in Shuttlecock and breaks your neck please don't come back whinging because I've warned you now that this is a real risk. There was no ifs, buts or maybe. Everybody knew where they stood which is good, so yeah, we got through that. Then we got with the guru. The guru is a senior member of the tobogganing club who will try and prevent Guy and his classmates from contributing their X-rays to a future death talk. You all look pretty intelligent. Prove me right. Alright? It's time for Guy's first run. Right, put your hand up in the air. Put your hand up in the air. Now step into the run. So assume the position; lie down, balls on the back of the seat. So when the bell goes, feet off the ice, firm raking, steady raking until you're round the left-hand corner of Shuttlecock. Raking is when you stick your feet out the back to try and slow you down. But really, I didn't wanna do a lot of raking really. Right, so off you go. Rake from the bridge. Ready? Rake! With minimal raking, Guy only just makes it past the dangerous Shuttlecock Corner. Halfway down and still keeping his feet off the ground Guy flies past the 50 miles per hour mark and he makes it down in just 64 seconds. I got to the bottom, yeah, without wrecking meself, so yeah, happy. But Guy's quick time doesn't go down too well with the guru. 64? You were too fast. Too fast. So you've gotta rake more. The fastest riders on the Cresta reach speeds of 80 miles per hour well in excess of the world record Guy is trying to beat. But that's because this is a purpose-built ice track. Guy will need to set his record on a naturally- formed snow slope and snow's much slower. Ice is very, very smooth so the friction between it and a sledge sliding over it is tiny to start with and because ice is solid, an ice sledge can be supported on knife edge runners keeping the area of contact and therefore the amount of friction to an absolute minimum. Snow is much rougher in texture, creating much more friction and snow isn't solid, so a snow sledge needs much wider runners to stop it sinking in. That means a larger area of contact and therefore a big increase in friction. It's gonna be very hard for Guy to go this fast on snow. I'm next. Back at the start, it's time for Guy's second run. Okay? Feet off the ice to gain momentum; rake firmly from the bridge. But rather than heeding the advice to rake, Guy tries to go even faster with all too predictable results. BELL RINGS OFFICIAL: Martin in the straw. I was raking a lot less. OFFICIAL: Are you alright? From the start, raked a bit, not a lot. OFFICIAL: Are you alright, Martin? Martin! Are you alright? I went into the Shuttlecock way too low, and then, once I got into the Shuttlecock then I felt a centrifugal force pushing me up over the top and straight over the top into the bales. If you ever crash at the Shuttlecock Corner, you're allowed to buy a tie. So I bought a tie. It's alright. When that'll come out, I don't know, I'm not a big tie wearer. But it's alright, I've got the Shuttlecock tie. Just before Guy's final run of the day, Lord Wrottesley arrives to watch. I can't wait to see Guy have a go at this. I know his background in motor racing on bikes I also know that he's a bright guy. He loves the technical side of things, he loves to look at the detail of everything and he understands the dangers that are inherent in doing the Cresta. It's gonna be interesting. OFFICIAL: Martin. BELL RINGS This time, Guy's determined to get to the bottom. Raking perfectly, he flies past Shuttlecock Corner. And then keeps accelerating down the straights. Building up to his fastest speed of the day. I did 58.8 miles an hour so what's that, four or five miles an hour behind the world record that we're trying to break. Alright, we did this on ice. But it's given me an idea of what it's like to be on a sledge at near-on 60 miles an hour and it's alright really, it's alright. Did not faze me at all. As winter ends, the snows melt across Europe. Guy now has 11 months before he and the snows return and he can attempt to win himself a world record. Guy Martin is on an 11-month mission to set a new world speed record for a gravity-powered snow sledge. Now, he's in Sheffield to meet up with Professor Steve Haake. Oh, great job, fantastic. Thank you very much. Oh. Look at that. - Look at that. Pie and peas, right. Steve's team at Sheffield Hallam University will mastermind the design of Guy's sledge and he's confident they can beat the current world record of 62.25 miles per hour. German. - German, yeah gotta be German, yeah, yeah. Yeah, crazy German. Surprised he's not naked actually. Well he's not done bad, but looking at what he's done I reckon we can do a lot better than that. Yeah, there was no one from NASA there, was there? No. - I didn't see that. I'll tell you what, let's have a look on this. We've got a board here, let's have a look. All the lunchtime meals. - Let's have a look. Are we allowed to rub this off? - Okay, she might shout at me but hey, whatever. So the first thing is we've gotta maximise your power. But of course the thing that's slowing you down is friction. A co-efficient drag. - Friction. Yeah, yeah. And there's two bits of friction. There's the aerodynamics... Yeah. - ...and then there's basically the sliding friction. What's really nice actually for me is just applying some basic physics to a problem. For all of this, there's one equation that you can write down which will take everything into account. It doesn't matter what speed you're going. Okay, Newton's second law, F -- ma; mass times acceleration. Sir Isaac Newton; well you've all heard of him, he was the apple on the head man, wasn't he? Then we're gonna use a lot of Newton's formulas for the record attempt. But as the equation gets longer, it all gets a bit too much for Guy to take in. Bloody hell, what's that mean? What this shows is that Guy's friend is weight the combination of a heavy sledge, a steep slope and the pull of gravity. His enemies, what will slow him down are the aerodynamic drag of the air Guy's sledge is moving through and the friction between his sledge's skis and the snow they're running on. So Guy and Steve need to build a heavy but beautifully aerodynamic sledge with the smoothest skis they can find. And as the sledge will be tailor made for Guy it's important to know which way he'll lie in it; head first or feet first. Steve reckons it won't make any difference to the speed but will make a big difference to Guy's confidence and control. So they're going skateboarding. Right, so what we've got... - We're gonna use this bit of a hill. ...we've got a bit of a slope; actually that's quite steep isn't it? Guy starts off by going feet first. Shall we go for it? - Go on. Whoa! Well yeah, it turned out a bit of a disaster. Chucks me straight over the top straight into the floor. You can see there, straight into there. Took me side, I've got a big scab on me side there; lost me finger. D'you see? I was completely out of control and I thought, my word, I'm getting too old for this, I thought that. Only I thought, no that can't be right, I'm doing something wrong. Something is wrong with the skateboard. I took it back to Nat's van, tightened the trucks up at the bottom. I remember that when I was a kid, tighten the trucks up, and it ran a treat. Oh, look at that. That's the only way, that's the only way, lass. You won't break me. - No? - You won't break me. Alright, well we're scarring you. - Well, maybe. You'll not break me. Chicks like a scar. - Chicks dig scars, that's the rules, that's the rules in't it? Is that right, Sarah? No? So then we started doing it properly. Have you figured out how you're stopping? - We'll worry about that when I get there. It looks a bit more dangerous, yeah, bit more dangerous. It looks a bit more dangerous coming down the hill going headfirst. Yeah, it's better; so I can make minor changes a lot easier. Yeah, I don't mind that. I think headfirst is the job. I feel a little bit more in tune with the skateboard... Right, right. -...headfirst. - You can feel it. - Yeah, yeah. Yeah, 'cause if I'm laying back, I'm getting a little bit of delay on what the board's doing. But if I'm headfirst I'm directing contact. - Yeah, yeah. That's great that. Shall we try it from the top headfirst? Yeah, go on; that's looking good. It just looks a bit more unnerving because you're headfirst and if anything's gonna go wrong, you're headfirst into it. But I think we'll be alright. Hey hey! Brilliant. - Spot on. So yeah, face first is the way forward. Now, Guy needs something to go face first on so he and Steve head to Sheffield Hallam University to start work on a test bed prototype of his record-breaking sledge. Hello, hello, hello. Right, this is Terry. - Pleased to meet you, Terry. Pleased to meet you. - Right, your life is in their hands. Dr Nick Hamilton specialises in the development of high tech professional sports equipment and Dr Terry Senior has been involved in the design of skeleton bobs for the Winter Olympic Games. The first decision for the team is what Guy's snow sledge will ride on. The problem is, most type of sledges aren't designed for high speeds on snow. A bob sleigh is a sledge for two or four people sitting upright with steerable front runners a luge is a sledge on which you lie feet first and steer by shifting your bodyweight and a skeleton bob is similar to the luge but riders lie headfirst. The problem is, that all three of these run on ice tracks and have very slim runners which would just cut through snow and go nowhere. The team could go for a classic toboggan design the toboggan has no runners, and rides on its underside. But that means a massive area of contact and friction with the snow which would severely limit Guy's top speed. So they need runners, but runners which will work on snow and luckily the best solution is something they can buy off the shelf. So what we've got are these downhill racing skis. What we're not sure about so far is where these skis should be in relation to your body. So either skis there, skis here. Obviously the wider it is the more stable we are. Let me show what we run with. - Go on. What we're gonna have is just a simple H section and we'll attach the skis to that H section but what we're gonna have is a series of holes which allow us to change the position of the skis. The position of the skis is crucial. If they're too far apart, Guy won't be able to steer; but if they're too close together, the sledge will be unstable at speed. I like that. - Right, are we ready? The prototype sledge will only be used as a rough test bed helping the team conduct real world tests as they develop all aspects of the sledge design. You learn so much in producing a prototype. We've got the best possible skis we can have and so as soon as we can get this thing onto a steep slope, onto snow see how it feels at speed, we'll have a much better idea of where we're gonna go with it. While Terry and Nick crack on with the prototype sledge Guy nips next door to have his whole body laser-scanned by aerodynamics expert, John Hart. What we need you to do is get into this suit and this hat as well. It's because the scanner doesn't like... - You don't want me naked do you? Not fully. I'd prefer it if you weren't fully naked. Right, that's alright then. Yeah, I'd prefer it if I weren't fully naked too. Right. John wants to incorporate Guy's exact body profile into his computer designs to make the final sledge with Guy on it as aerodynamic as possible. By heck. It's not leaving a lot to the imagination this, is it, hey? You look wonderful. The scanning software records millions of coordinates mapping in detail the surface of Guy's body. This produces an extremely accurate 3D model of him on John's computer. By heck. So what we've got here is just the rough outline of you which we can build from. So we can use this obviously on the computers and work out how the airflow's gonna come over your shoulders and over your backside and how it might separate away. Yeah, that's trick, in't it? - Yeah. John's design work will take a few months. Butjust four weeks later, the team are ready for their first test of the prototype sledge. And there's a perfect slope just down the road in Wakefield. The team have arranged for an after hours testing session. Now then, Amy. - Hello. Joining the team for the night test is Amy Williams who's popped along for the evening to offer Guy some training advice. At the Vancouver Winter Olympics in 2010 Amy won gold for Britain and became the fastest woman ever to have ridden a skeleton bob. I got to 92 miles per hour on the sled. - 92? So we still have speed camera clocks down near the bottom of the sled. 92? So that's the fastest that any woman's gone on a skeleton sled. Lovely, lovely lass, lovely lass. She's from Barth. We don't know where that is. Somewhere near Bath I reckon. You're gonna be going just down one straight hill, aren't you? No corners. Yeah, on the snow though, 'cause you was doing it on the ice. Mine was ice, hard ice. - Yeah. So that's obviously gonna be quicker than soft slushy snow. So I'll have to see what the snow's like. - 'Cause we've only gotta go 62 miles an hour. Well, it's the first time I've met Guy. He's crazy. The test bed sledge is pretty basic just the speed skis mounted on a sturdy metal frame with a chunk of cushion on top to give Guy a bit of suspension against bumps and ruts in the snow. There's a lot more padding on that than mine; I have one tiny thin bit of camping mat. You do, a bit of camping mat. - That looks like a sofa compared with mine, actually. I could be on there for the day. The sledge does now have a simple braking system added in the shape of a big lever and a row of metal teeth. When Guy pulls the lever, that turns a shaft underneath the sledge and the row of ten teeth dig into the snow like a rake. You alright there? - Alright, mate. The aim for the night is to get the sledge running dead straight test the new brakes and go as fast as possible down the 180 metre slope. With the target of hitting 30 miles per hour. Let's get your position sorted first. - You ready? I'm just gonna put me foot there so you don't go off. You don't wanna drag your knees and your feet, 'cause that's gonna brake. Steer with the toes and then really just keep your head and shoulders as close to this as possible to be aerodynamic. I don't think we're worried about being aerodynamic at this stage. We just need to make sure that it's gonna go down straight. If you wanna slow down, just dig your feet in. We're all going into the unknown here. Everyone's smiling, everyone's smiling. We're fine, you're the guinea pig. - I like that, come on, let's have a go then. I genuinely thought, well, I didn't give a monkeys really but I thought it'd end in tears. On the first run, the sledge slews massively left. If that happens at high speed on a mountainside that could spell disaster, so changes are made. We're just adjusting where my body position is compared to where the ski position is. So we've just gone further forward with my body position. On the second run, the sledge runs perfectly straight. Whoa. Yeah. - Well done. I think Guy did really well; I was quite surprised at how quickly we started picking up speed. 100 per cent, yeah not a problem, not a problem at all; very controllable. Whoa, ho. Guy now feels ready to go from the top and attempt to reach 30 miles per hour. Amy reckons at a push we might just get you going a bit faster. Just a little push at the beginning. - I'd do it from your feet. Feet or buttocks? Whatever you reckon, lass. - I've only known him for an hour or two. You'll not offend me, lass, you can push me wherever you want. Go for the feet. - You go for the feet. Three, two, one. Go! That's a good one, that's a good one. The prototype runs dead straight down the entire slope. But did Guy reach his target of 30 miles per hour? Wait for the radio. - Guy, 33.49 miles an hour. Oh, 33. Spot on, 33. Yeah, so we're getting there. Oh, well done. Well done. - Hey. Okay, slope angle was 15 degrees, yes, at the top? Back in the boot room, Steve uses the data collected from Guy's runs to perform some calculations on a computer programme. This can predictjust how fast Guy might be able to go. The record can be attempted on any snow slope of any steepness but for his model, Steve inputs a slope angle of 30 degrees the angle of an average black ski run. My goodness, 153 miles an hour. - Yeah, that's more like it. 153 miles an hour on the 30 degrees. - That's more like it. - Ok. He knows what he's doing, don't he? He knows what he's doing. The maths don't lie. But the possibility of going more than twice as fast as the current record creates another big danger. At very high speeds the brakes' teeth are likely to just bounce off the snow or even snap off due to the massive forces involved so Guy will need something else to bring his speed down before the mechanical brake can be used. Parachute out the back. Yeah, parachute to start with, get the speed down so it's reasonable. Yeah. Sounds a good idea. I'm more concerned that he just needs to stop at the end. Get up to the highest speed and then you've gotta be able to stop. Well you boys have got nowt to worry about; you'll not be the one sat on a sledge, will you? Going very fast is looking very possible for Guy but being able to stop safely, without the risk of serious injury is now a big, big problem. Spot on! It's midsummer and Guy Martin is in Bedfordshire because here in the English home counties is the fastest drag strip outside America. In five months he'll attempt to ride a snow sledge down a mountain at over 63 miles per hour and break the world speed record. His problem, though, is how to slow down safely. So he's come to meet Britain's fastest ever drag bike racer, Ian King who may hold the answer. Hello, Guy. - You're Ian. Pleased to meet you mate. You too. - How's it going? - Good, thank you. Last year, Ian won his seventh European Championship. COMMENTATOR: He's in dominant form once again... Reaching a top speed of 235 miles per hour. Drag racing is all about covering a straight quarter mile track as fast as possible. At the end, drag racers face exactly the same problem Guy will on the mountain how to slow down safely. So they use parachutes and Guy wants to do the same. The only real-world option for us to slow down, in a half-decent space, is a parachute. lan's top- fuelled drag bike is so powerful it's the only one in the UK that uses a parachute system. And that's what Guy, Steve, Terry and Nick have all come to see for themselves. Alright lass, we're all ready if you are. At the end of his run, Ian deploys a parachute, rapidly slowing the bike's speed by 30 per cent. But the parachute was a lot smaller than I thought. - Yeah, tiny isn't it? If that small parachute can stop that thing, well, it's easily gonna stop Guy. Just amazing how quickly he did slow down. A parachute canopy is designed to catch as much air as possible increasing drag massively and slowing the movement of whatever it's attached to. And because drag increases at double the rate of speed a parachute has a greater effect at higher speeds. If Guy reaches 100 miles per hour on his sledge a parachute the same size as lan's should slow him down below 60 miles per hour in just five seconds so that's how to slow down sorted. Brilllant, right we'll take you back. We're on the right lines. But there's an important lesson about steering his sledge that Guy can also learn while he's here. And happily for Guy, that means having a go on a 400 horsepower drag bike. I'm going into the unknown. But I like that; I think it's gonna be alright. Come to Santa Pod, ride a drag bike, watch a top-fuel bike. Oh. As Ian explains, steering a drag bike and steering Guy's sledge employs exactly the same technique. There's no steering, so you have to use your body to steer the bike to counteract the forces of wind, for example from the sides or wind resistance from the front. It's very important you keep the bike as upright and as flat and straight as possible which is exactly what you're gonna experience with riding the sled. Because, of course, that's not going anywhere. No, no, no, no. - So you can't lean that either. You lean that you'll fall off as well; so the idea is to move your body around and that's exactly what happens on drag bikes. It's a steep learning curve to come drag racing. You know, he's been kind enough to let me use it and I didn't wanna go out here on the first time and go and blow the thing up. On his first ever go on a drag bike, Guy hits 160 miles per hour in 9. 7 seconds just three seconds off the current pro stock world record. Yeah, but no effect on where the bike goes. You can turn 'em left or right and it'll go where it wants to go I've got to put the input in off my upper body, to get the bike to go where I want it to. Gonna be like the sled right? - Yeah. This is your timing ticket; so you ran a 9.7 quarter mile. 160 mile an hour terminal speed. It's perfect. - Thank you very much. Four more runs, you'll be World Champion. Throughout the summer, work continues on the final designs for Guy's sledge. Dr Terry and Dr Nick drive out to a glacier in the Alps with the prototype where they make repeated runs to ensure the sledge is stable and safe at high speeds. Done about three or four runs so far, getting progressively higher and higher, faster and faster. Going really, really well; very pleased with the day so far. Back in the UK, John Hart's finished his work on the aerodynamics which he hopes will make Guy's sledge a record breaker. He starts by showing how un-aerodynamic a combination of Guy and the prototype are. So what we're actually looking at here was if you could see all these swirling vortices that are coming off you so as the air flows over you, it's going smooth, smooth, smooth separates away and starts to swirl and turn. And what we can see here is, all the different swirls and turns that are coming off you that are creating this drag. Now John reveals to Guy what his final sledge will look like. We've come up with a shape of fairings that will hopefully smooth the flow all around you. You can see the flow coming across is much smoother and off the front of the skis it's also reduced. And when you see the prototype and the final design next to each other the difference is clear. We've managed to reduce your drag by 34 per cent. Right. That varies then. Massive, massive. - That is big. Now Guy can finally get on with making his sledge and for that, he's come to EPM Technology in Derby experts in carbon fibre construction. Erm, yeah it's Guy Martin here, I'm after seeing someone about building a sledge. Their clients include four F1 teams, Olympic rowers canoeists and sailors from Team GB and now Guy Martin. The whole process of making Guy a carbon fibre sledge takes two days. It starts by carefully pressing three layers of carbon fibre cloth into a mould. Carbon fibre is being used for Guy's sledge because it's so strong five times stronger than steel and twice as stiff. Its surface is also very smooth, which will improve the sledge's aerodynamics. Once vacuum packed to prevent air bubbles it's cured overnight in a massive pressure cooker called an autoclave. So we'll stick it in there and it'll cure for six hours. That's how long it'll go out for. For six hours. Spot on. The next morning, Guy's carbon fibre sledge has set solid. Go on be brave, whack it. You don't think? - Oh no, you won't break it. And after some delicate work with a mallet... ...it's released from the mould. Let's just waggle it, let's just waggle it. Hooray. It looked trick, it looked trick, yeah. Where we going? - Onto here. Guy fits a windscreen so he can see where he's going and they put in a chassis holding the braking mechanism and topped with a foam cushion for Guy to lie on. Finally, the parachute unit is slotted into an extension pole so it sits far enough back not to get tangled with Guy's feet. And then we sort of dummied it up on the workbench, see what it felt like with the brake. That's it. - And it just feels a treat. Can you see where you're going? - D'you think that's my position alright? Am I alright there? Yeah, yeah. - I think you're alright there. Yeah, you can see alright. Looks good. - Yeah. After eight months of research, scientific testing and hard graft; Guy finally has a sledge. We need to keep the stealth look; we'll turn up with straight faces go out there and do the business. And we've got no excuses, if there was ever a tool for breaking a record this is it. All he needs now is some snow. This is the Andorran ski resort of Grandvalira in the Pyrenees. Here Guy Martin will attempt to become the fastest man ever to ride a snow sledge. He'll make his run on the daunting Antenes speed skiing slope 900 metres long, dead straight and 46 degrees at its steepest point. And it's got Guy nervous. It's not that one is it?! - It is, it's that one. What d'you reckon? Bloody hell, you see that? He did look a bit scared actually; the bottom lip started to tremble a little bit. What? What? You know, there was never one stage where I was gonna wimp out. I just thought... Bloody hell. That is steep. That is steep. It's notjust steep, but narrow too and flanked by rocks so the team have made some modifications to the sledge to help Guy stay on course. If you remember on the snow jump, the sledge tended to sort slide sideways a bit. - Yes. Now when we were testing zoomer, we just put a little bit of camber onto the skis and immediately it felt so much more stable. Camber means, so the skis are looking in? Yeah, so the inside edge is lower than the outside edge. Couple of degrees. The cambered skis should keep him straight so now the team's biggest fear is stopping him safely. As Guy will make his record attempt tomorrow they have today to conduct some lower speed practice runs. Is that straight? - A little, front end to the right slightly. Yeah I think so. - Okay we're good. Are you ready? - Yeah. Go! Guy keeps the sledge dead straight. Easily reaching 40 miles per hour. Then he applies the brakes. You alright? - Bloody broke that out the bloody... Bugger. I stayed off the brake, 'cause I wanted to go as fast as I could and I thought, right, I'll brake at the last minute, so I braked, well then it just got unstable. You run out of space didn't you? - No, it flipped it sideways. Up at the start point, Terry and Nick want to know what the damage is. I tell you what, I'll let Guy explain what happened at the end. Right, press the button there. Now Terry, how's it going? - So what happened? It was alright braking to a certain degree and then I went for the brake that little bit more and that's what then just sort of flipped it sideways and then chucked me straight off. Guy escaped unscathed but the sledge didn't. As its constructor Andy Butt discovers. It's pulled the mounting right through there. Through the skin. It's actually dislodged the frame from the inside. It's not really designed to go upside down at them sort of speeds. The body is wrecked and cannot be fixed in the field. There is a back- up body but if Guy damages this one the whole project ends here. And there's only one other way to slow Guy down; the parachute. This is the first time one has ever been fitted to a sledge so nobody can be certain it won't lift the rear when it's deployed flipping Guy at high speed. But it has to be tested. If Guy can't prove he can stop safely he won't be allowed to make his record attempt tomorrow. As Guy approaches the braking area, he triggers the parachute. Brake, brake, brake. Brilllant. And it works perfectly. Oh fantastic. Woo hoo! Well done. I felt it a treat. - Did yer, did yer? Yeah I felt it. It deployed well, it was straight. And it was straight, timing was brilllant. Right that's the plan then, that's the plan. I can go to sleep tonight knowing that the parachute does have an affect. Whether the affect is good enough to stop me in time, I don't know. So we'll find that out tomorrow. After a good night's sleep, the team reassemble. Today Guy hopes to break a world speed record and the team hope he'll walk away afterwards. British Olympic champion Amy Williams has flown in to support Guy. Well I'm guessing it's a bit colder this morning, so the snow's a bit more compact and hard. Is it? Which should be good, because it'll mean you're gonna go down a bit quicker. It looks like snow to me. Snow's snow; to me snow's snow. Do you not fancy a go? Go on. This is your thing, you know. Even with near perfect snow conditions the team know Guy must start as high as possible if he's to break the record. But the previous day's testing has left them questioning how high is safe. It quickly became apparent that we were running out of braking area and yeah we're not here to kill the guy, we're not here to injure him. The highest the team dare to go is two- thirds of the way up the speed ski slope on its steepest section. This is all or nothing, go big or go home. We've got one shot at this and hopefully, fingers crossed we'll have enough space to stop. 'Cause we've got the parachute on as well. Any nerves, any nerves? Any nerves? Any nerves? Not yet, no. Cheers mate. Cheers. - Okay. I know I'm kind of like a bit nervous and is this gonna happen, is he gonna do it? The build-up is excruciating; because to get up that slope is quite hard so it takes quite a long time to do so you're just standing down there waiting and waiting and waiting. Come on, come on, this is it. God it gets your eyes after a while doesn't it? The slope is so steep at the new start position that Guy needs a ski guide to help him across to his sledge. Muchas gracias. We knew where we were at that point, we knew what we could achieve we knew there was a little bit more speed to be had. Okay. Yeah. This is it; the culmination of 11 months of work. Guy's attempt to break the world speed record for a gravity-powered snow sledge which stands at 62.25 miles per hour. The most nerve-racking bit is being held at the top. The blood was going to me head rather quick. The lads are holding us at the top on the ropes and one's got like the trigger to pull the tag out and he's counting down for five, four, three, and that's the most nerve-racking bit that's the most nerve-racking bit. Five, four, three, two, one. Guy flies through the speed trap. He fires his parachute... ...and the speed is... Woo hoo! ...83.49 miles per hour. Oh what a star! - Well done! That's 134.36 kilometres per hour. Top job. - That was brilllant. - 134! - 134. Well done. You had fantastic braking. He smashed the German world record by over 30 kilometres per hour. You did it. - Thank you very much. Perfect boys, perfect. I was hardly touching. It was straight line. - Yeah. I put a couple of inputs in. And then you were done. Yeah. Good luck, Guy. Guy just laid on it really calmly. I made a few corrections on the first, I don't know, 100 metres. And then that was it, he just let the sled run and that was the main thing, I reckon, in getting the speed. And then, yeah, got me peripheral vision, just looking out for the braking marker. Pulled the trigger, bring the brake in gradually. He just let it flow as much as possible and, yeah, he did it. Bob's your uncle. It felt flawless, it felt brilllant. It was really good. It was mint, absolutely mint. Hey, we've walked away with a really good world record and someone's gonna have to do something pretty special to be able to break that. Yeah I've got a long drive home, so yeah, it's nice driving home with... ...yeah, yeah, knowing that we've achieved that. World record holder. Yeah. Yeah check me out, check me out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 