Everwood: Season 4, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Everwood 
 s4e20 - Goodbye, Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Everwood (2002–2006): Season 4, Episode 20 - Goodbye, Love - full transcript 
 The whole town gathers for Irv's funeral. After the funeral, Amy begins to rethink her relationship with Ephram. Ephram decides he should tell Nina that Andy has bought an engagement ring for her before she makes the final decision to leave Everwood with Jake. Finally, when Andy's father announces that his visit is over, he and Andy have an honest and long-overdue conversation about their feelings for one another. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Previously on Everwood: [GRUNTS] [GROANS] -Need help? -Whatever happened to instant coffee? You get some hot water, you pour it over a mug full of grinds, and it's done. It may have tasted like fossil fuel, but it only took 30 seconds. We all miss the good old days. Hey, we should probably get going. The service starts in half an hour. -You sure you don't mind watching Delia? -That depends. What's the going rate on, uh, babysitters these days? You owe me a few freebies, considering you missed her birth. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Delia really doesn't wanna go? I talked to her. She seems to wanna stay home. How many funerals are you supposed to attend before you're 13, you know? Hey, sorry I'm late. -No, you're fine. -Everything got messed up with the house. Inspectors were supposed to come tomorrow, but buyers are on their way now. -Here you go. -Oh, good man. He feels terrible. -He'll get there as soon as possible. ANDY: Okay, then. We should head out. -Dad, I'll call you after the service. -Don't worry, we'll be fine. You just go and say goodbye to your friend now. ANDY: Thanks. "A Mountain Town. " Hmm. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All right, lrv Harper, let's see what you got. Good morning. I would thank you all for coming today... ... but I don't imagine there's anyone here who didn't come of their own accord. Irv was amongst the rarest of men in both his integrity and his warmth... ...and those of us who knew him can count ourselves amongst the luckiest. Irv was, above everything else, a storyteller. So I thought it appropriate to begin today's eulogies... ...with my favorite story about lrv. It begins six years ago and, ironically, just a few short months... ...after the untimely death of another great man: my father. Good afternoon, Mr. Harper. My apologies about the office. Typically, I would start you in an exam room... ... but since my father's passing, we have had a full house around the clock. Being the sole doctor in Everwood... ...is an exhausting distinction, I can assure you. So, what brings you in today? -Your mother thought I should come. -My mother? Well, I'm used to her frightening the patients away, not luring them in. [CHUCKLES] I'm not sure if you know this... ...but Edna and I have become friendly in the two months since your father passed. -My condolences about that. -Yes, well, I appreciate that, Mr. Harper. -He will be deeply missed. -Why don't you call me lrv? I'm sorry, but I prefer to address patients in a more formal manner. Maintaining professional distance is paramount to caring for the town's infirm. Really, lrv would be so much easier. You're not really here for a prostate exam, are you? No. I think I'm here to give one. [lRV LAUGHS] Laugh much, doctor? When I feel so inclined. -And how frequently is that? -Not. Listen, lrv. I may be from this town... ...but unlike the average citizen, I am not an idiot. I have known that you and my mother have been friendly... ...as you so delicately put it, for some weeks now. I assume that you're here to ask me about making that relationship public, hmm? -ln a way. -Yes, well, be advised, heh, heh... ...the individuals of this town... ...are even more narrow-minded than they are stupid. They won't appreciate her hurling herself into the arms of another man so soon. That, compounded with the incidental but very real fact that you are.... A black dude. Well, their phrasing will be more colorful. I'm no stranger to racism, doctor. And Edna and I don't really care what other people think. We care what you think. And with your blessing, I would like to make an honest woman out of her. -What? -I'm asking to marry your mother. I am perfectly aware of what you are asking. -Are you as crazy as she is? -Probably. Did you hear nothing of what I've just said? -Yeah, but I didn't take it very seriously. -Well, you should. So should she. Dear God. No, it-- Okay-- It is one thing for a grieving widow... ...to find temporary comfort in the arms of another man... ...but marriage? -Edna said you'd probably react that way. -Oh, she did? But I thought I would try. Your approval would mean a lot to her, and to me. No, no, I'm going to give you something even better than my approval. I am going to pretend that this conversation never occurred. It was nice chatting with you. -I'm not sure what the problem is, Harold. -Marriage, Rose. Marriage. What does she even know about this man? What does she know? Except that he's some vagabond that she met at a church picnic. It's true, he could be a homicidal maniac preying on hungry, churchgoing women. Oh, don't get my hopes up. Well, I admit it is a little hasty, but why don't you just talk to her, Harold? Let her know your hesitations and maybe she'll listen. You say that as though we're dealing with a rational individual. Your mother is extremely rational. Where everyone else is concerned, maybe. Not with me. After my conversation with her new beau this afternoon... ... I'll be lucky to keep all of my appendages when next we meet. [FRONT DOOR OPENS] EDNA: Hello? Hello? There you are. Harold Abbott Jr., you are the best son any woman could ask for. -lrv told me everything. ROSE & HARRY: He did? How understanding you were, how supportive. I have to say, Junior... ...I thought for sure you were gonna act like your usual stiff-shirted, dipwaddy self... ...but when you didn't, I was just so happy. -Well, actually-- -I loved your pops, buster, you know that. But I feel like he sent me lrv as his way of saying: "Keep on living, doll cakes." -And I was so glad you could see that. HARRY: Well, now that you-- Originally, Harper and I were just gonna go to City Hall and get hitched... ...but I'm thinking if my own son can get onboard this thing... ...why not the whole town? So I've decided to throw a big fat ceremony and invite everybody. And even better, I'd like to do it here. What do you say, Junior? ["HERE COMES THE BRlDE" PLAYlNG ON KEYBOARD] I was thinking of starting with the wedding march... ...then "Ave Maria" for the arrival of the bride and the groom. -Does that sound good, doctor? -Do I look as though I care, Thurman? You know, we set it for 3. Where is everybody? I just talked with Brenda Baxworth. Her back is out. EDNA: I didn't wanna invite her, anyway. Edna, I think we can do this without an audience. We certainly can. Bright, Amy, hurry up. I'm gonna marry your grandma. -Harper, are you sure the flier had 3 on it? -This is absurd. You know why they're not here. It's a boycott. -Boycott? HARRY: Yes. You didn't really expect anyone to endorse this ridiculous arrangement, did you? -Harold. -I am sorry, Rose, but enough is enough. -I thought you were in favor of this shindig. -Ha-ha-ha. Why don't you ask your fiance here... ...how that conversation between us really went? -Did you lie to me, Harper? HARRY: Of course he did. There's no telling what the man is lying about... ...because the man is a perfect stranger. Well, why didn't you say anything? You were too busy acting as if you'd just won the Publishers Clearing House. Okay, smart-ass, if the whole town agrees with you... ...why is Thurman here? -Because I'm paying him. -Get out of here, Thurman. Out, now. -Just stay upstairs, kids. -All right, you wanna do this? -Let's do it. -By all means. You're upset because I like my coffee hot and black. First, ew. Second, that is not what is upsetting to me, mother. Dad's body isn't even cold... ...and you are behaving like a lovesick teenager. It is bizarre, it is disrespectful to his memory... ...and painful to those of us who are still grieving. Don't you dare talk about grieving to me. I cried my eyes silly over that man. -Yeah, I'll bet it was a tough month. EDNA: What about you? You had us back in that office a week after he passed. HARRY: I did not make you come back. And last I checked, people didn't stop getting sick just because a man dies. Can't anyone in this family get a word in edgewise? Now, if you'll both just cool down for a few seconds... ...and do me the courtesy of letting me apologize. EDNA: Apologize? -Yes, Edna. All of this, and I mean all of this, is my fault. It was my idea to get married. I come from a generation where it's the honorable thing to do... ...when you get serious with someone. And I went and lied to your mom about our conversation... ...because I couldn't break her heart just when I'm getting to know it. The fact is, Harold, you're right. We can't possibly love each other... ...the way two people who lived a life together do. And the timing of this couldn't be worse. But it's just the way it is. I mean no disrespect to your father. I'm sorry I won't get a chance to get to know him... ...because he sure kept great company. Rose, thank you for opening your home to us today. But if you don't mind, we're gonna go take care of this at City Hall. Come on, Edna. I don't want you opening your mouth again until you say, "l do." Still think I'm crazy? HARRY: I've been wrong many times in my life... ... but I've never been more wrong than in my estimation... ...of lrv and Edna Harper's affection for each other. There was nothing temporary about it. The love that they shared was a living example... ...of God's grace on this Earth. As for lrv himself... ...he called Everwood his home for long enough to change us all... ...but still far too short a time. And so today we bid him farewell... ...with heavy hearts and with weary souls. He was a husband... ...father, grandfather... ...friend to us all. He will be missed. May he rest in peace. [LAUGHS] What's so funny? I like this country doctor's character. He's snappy. [CHUCKLES] Hey, wait a minute, what do you got there? Let me see that. I thought you were reading Little Women. I was, but I could tell Beth was about to die... ...and frankly, I can't really handle it right now. Um.... [PHONE RlNGS] I like to keep it close. -Brown residence. -Brown residence? That's new. -I'm trying it out. Too formal? ANDY: A little. -ls your grandfather there? -It's for you. -How you holding up? -I was gonna ask you. -We're just doing fine. ANDY: Well, we're heading for the wake. I'll call as soon as we're on our way home. -lf you need to reach me, you-- -Okay, we'll see you later, then, okay? He hung up on me. Why am I not surprised? -Think we should grab something to bring? -Oh, that's a good idea. We could pick up a pie or some flowers or something. You okay? I just still can't believe it's real. The whole service, I kept waiting for someone to say there'd been a mistake. -I know. NlNA: We see him every day, Andy. Every day, it's the same cup of regular in the morning and a decaf in the afternoon. We didn't always have a conversation, but he was just such a part of my life. Although I guess I wouldn't have been seeing him every day anymore. I won't be seeing anyone every day anymore. [SlGHS] -Nin? -I'm sorry, I just got a little dizzy. Come here. Stay with Ephram. I'm gonna get you something to eat, get your blood sugar back up. -Fresh air? -Yeah, maybe that'll help. -You a little freaked out about leaving? -Yeah. Guess I was trying not to think about all the goodbyes. Thought I'd be back so often, I wouldn't have to. How do you say goodbye to people you've known your whole life? Yeah. Then something like this happens and you realize... ...you have to create some kind of closure when you can. There's too many times you don't get the chance, and you're left feeling like.... You have a cut that never healed... ...and now you have a scar that will never go away? And that scar is a constant reminder of the things you, uh, didn't do... ...when you had a chance? I didn't hug my mom the day she died. She tried to, but I was upset or nervous about my recital or something... ...so I just pushed her away. That's my scar. -I'm sorry. -It's all right. No, it's fine. Now whenever something like this happens, that's where my mind goes. I start thinking about the stuff I didn't do... ...or that I'd regret not doing if I knew I'd never have another chance. -Anything come to mind today? -Actually, yeah. The only problem is I can't quite tell if the thing I wanna do... ...is just being honest or betraying somebody else's trust. -That's a fine line, huh? -Hmm. Well, you're a bright guy, Ephram. I'd trust your instincts. In that case, I gotta tell you something. EPHRAM: A few weeks ago, I was meeting my dad at his office for lunch. It was the last time I saw Irv too. I just realized that. -Ephram Brown. Long time no see. -Hey, lrv. How you doing? Well, healthy as a horse, or so your dad tells me. I wouldn't trust him. The man knows nothing. IRV: Ha-ha-ha. -That's it. You're buying lunch. How's Bright? Heard what happened with him and Hannah. -He's having a bit of a tough time, but.... -Poor kid. I should give him a call. EPHRAM: He'd like that. -Yeah. -Good to see you. -See you later. So where do you wanna eat? Besides Sam's. Why not Sam's? I don't know, I thought we'd try something new. You know, get out there, expand our horizons. Okay. The truth is, I can't run into Nina right now. Really? I'm intrigued. Two days ago, we had a thing, a moment. -There was lice involved. -Okay, uh, now I'm disgusted. She kind of told me without telling me that she still has the feelings. Well, that's great. What are you gonna do? -I don't know. -Go for it, seize the day. O Captain! My Captain! Sorry, there was an Ethan Hawke marathon on TNT the other day. -You know he was in White Fang? -I can't seize anything. I seized the day last year, and it blew up in my face. I mean, whatever feelings she has for me, she's still in love with Jake. She may be confused... ...but I think I have to wait for her to make the first move. -Waiting. That's your plan? -Yeah. You got a better idea? No, but I know you. You're not gonna be able to wait. You're gonna go crazy if you don't take action. Are you kidding? Patience is my middle name. I am all about maintaining the Zen of my motorcycle, or whatever that book says. Okay, don't go all aging beatnik on me. I can't take it. I'll lose my appetite. You're lucky I don't have a girlfriend or a life of any sort. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to just come by at the drop of a hat. Open it. Thank you, but I'd rather have a new Treo. -It's nice, right? It's a good one. -See? I knew you were gonna do something. I didn't think it would be this big, but I knew you couldn't just do nothing. -I'm not proposing. -Okay. -Then why are you holding a diamond ring? -Because you were right. I had to do something. Buying this ring made me feel like at least I was taking some kind of action. Yeah, but you can't just buy a ring and not use it. -I mean, that would be like, uh.... -Oh, like what? Writing a postcard every day and never sending it? Hey, don't use my embarrassing secrets against me, that's not fair. Look, the thing is, I'd be happy to use it. If Nina comes to the decision on her own, realizes she wants to be with me... -...I'll propose to her right then and there. -Wow. I know. -I hope she chooses you. -Me too. I have no idea what to say. I'm sorry, I know it's gonna mess with your head. -That's not why I told you. -Why did you? Because.... My dad's been trying to do the right thing for the last four years. He uprooted his entire life because that's what my mom wanted. He's given up every relationship he's had, either because I asked or it was selfless. He'd never tell you about the ring. He doesn't think he has a right to. Maybe he doesn't, but I do because he's my dad. I wanna see him happy. I think he deserves it. And I think you do too. Well, might have gone a little overboard. Couldn't decide. Got you a sandwich, Nin. Yeah, you still look pale. Have a bite. -You okay, Ephram? You look pale too. -I'm fine. All right, then. Let's go pay our respects. Hey. Hey. Ahem. I didn't know you were here. Yeah, I just got here. I can't really deal with all the people yet. Just needed to clear my head. -Totally understand. I can go if you-- -No, come on, no. You're not people. He'd been calling me. Heard about me and you, wanted to make sure I was okay. -I never got around to calling him back. -I'm sure he understood. Yeah, I know, I just.... You know, there wouldn't even be me and you if it wasn't for lrv... ...and I couldn't even take time to pick up a phone. -What did lrv have to do with you and me? -Uh, a lot, actually. A lot. Um.... It was after all the sexual-harassment stuff last year. Right. Everything was crappy, no one was really around. BRlGHT: Ephram was in New York, I think, at his Juilliard audition. Amy was being a bigger freak than normal. AMY: Probably because she'd just found out about Ephram's baby. BRlGHT: Oh, right. Yeah, I never really put that together. But anyways, uh, I didn't have anyone to talk to... ...and also, neither did Irv, because he and my grandma just got separated... ...and he was living in his office. So he and I would hang out a lot. [KNOCKlNG ON DOOR] -Coffee's in the pot. -What's on the Foreman today, lrving? That Egg Mc-whatever-you-call-it is ready. -Just turn her on and flatten. -Excellent, thank you. -What you reading? -Classified section. Oh, man, what, you looking for a J-O-B already? Not even gonna see how good your book does? If you get into that Oprah's Book Club thing... ...dude, we would be rich and famous, dating Halle Berry. Fine, you can have her first. I'm not looking for a job for me, smart-ass, I'm looking for a job for you. There's nothing out there for me, trust me. I've got zero qualifications, plus I've been fired twice in the past eight months. -Once by my mom. -It's your damn libido, boy. -You need to get it under control. -Hey, ladies love Bright Abbott. What can I say? But seriously... ... I think I might wanna be a rapper. Seriously, I got mad skills, check it out. [RAPPlNG] B. Abbott, I'm funny Like a rabbit or bunny And I don't have a job Which means I ain't got no money [LAUGHS] Listen up, Busta Rhymes, you need a plan. Much as I love having you around here... ...this is no way for a 19-year-old boy to behave. You need some drive, something to focus on. I got plenty to focus on, lrv. -Yeah? Like what? -Like what a big loser I am. That takes up like a good 12 hours of my day right there. I'm going to the gym to take a shower. When I get back, I wanna see three of those ads circled... ...and you and l will make the calls together. -All right? -All right. Oh! Bathrobe. Thank you. -Morning, Dr. Ricketts. -About time for a cleaning, lrv. No way for a grown man to live, out of a suitcase, next to a dentist. Bright, you gotta call your grandma and tell her it's time to take me back. I'm getting too old for this. Bright? Oh, no. Hell, no. What exactly is the difference between officer-affiliation bonus... ...and officer-accession bonus? While you're at it, why don't you go ahead and define "affiliation" and "accession"? All right, well, the affiliation bonus is when the MOS... ...the job that you do in the military-- -You can't go in there, sir. -The hell I can't, that's my grandson. -I look more like my grandma. -We need to talk. I'm kind of in the middle of learning how to be all I can be here. Two seconds. You trying to ruin your life, jackass? Hello, officers, thank you for protecting our country. What are you doing? What you told me to, trying to find my purpose. You think your purpose is to serve our country? -You couldn't even serve an omelet. -Thank you for your support, lrv. No, no, just a damn minute. I'll let you sign whatever you want... ...if you give me three reasons why you wanna do this. Easy. One, I won't be around women. I won't be able to screw up. -There are women in the Army. -Seriously? Have you ever met your grandmother? Yeah, right, okay. So technically she's a woman. Well, then, two, free college. Did you know that the Army will pay--? Your father will pay. He'd be happy to. You've got so many choices available to you. You know, that's the thing, I don't want choices. I suck at making choices. Why not let Sergeant Suckface do it for me? You know what? You're right. It's not easy figuring out what to do with your life. When I was your age, I didn't have the options you do. And maybe that was a blessing. I didn't have time to think, I just had to do. Well, that's all I want. I want something to do. And is joining the Army the thing you want to do the most? No. I figure if I'm gonna fail again, I wanna do it as far away from you guys as possible... ...because I don't want you to know about it. Bright, failing is a part of life. If you don't fail, you don't learn, and if you don't learn, you never change. Since I've known you, you've changed more than anyone I've ever met. -I have? -Are you kidding? First time I saw you, I thought, "What a punk." You reminded me of all the bullies I grew up with... ...who'd try to steal my lunch money. But over the last three years, you've transformed. I watched you be there for your best friend. I saw what a good brother you were to your sister when Colin died. You picked up your grades, became a hell of a student. You keep up at this pace, there's no telling where you'll end up. -You really think so? -I know it. Not only will you do great things with your life... ...but you'll find a great woman to share it with. Man, I hope so. I really hope so. Thanks, lrv. "Sergeant Suckface." You wouldn't last five minutes. [BOTH LAUGH] Yeah, probably not. Yeah, so anyways, I think about two weeks later, I enrolled at ECC. Right after that... ...finally realized how awesome you were, and then.... And then.... Sorry. I know we're not supposed to be talking, and here I am leaning on you. -It's okay. -No, no, it's not. I understand why you don't wanna be friends with me. I don't deserve it. -I probably never deserved you. -Yes, you did. I'm gonna miss him. I know you are. I know. ROSE: I don't want you to worry about it, Cassie. If the baby has an ear infection, she shouldn't fly. No, we'll talk more tomorrow. I know, love, me too. Me too. Bye, now. -Grandma, maybe you should sit down. -I'm fine. Uh.... That was lrv's daughter, Cassie. I didn't know that you knew her. Oh, we met about a month ago when lrv and l.... -lrv and I were in San Diego. -Grandma, it's okay to cry. You stop that, now. I'm fine. Well, I was gonna make some tea. You want some? That sounds good. Let me show you where we keep-- Grandma, I lived here for almost a year. I know where everything is. -Feels like a long time ago, doesn't it? -Yeah, it does. What are you doing? -lt broke. -I can see that. -But it's a clean break. You can fix that. -Are you serious? Because they're like 5 bucks. I could get you a new one. I know, but that's not the point. Can we skip the lesson? I know what you're trying to say, but I'm tired. You're always tired. I'm getting sick-- I'm tired because I can't do anything in this house without getting some lecture. [DOORBELL RlNGS] I'll get it. -Hey. -Hey. -Did we have plans? -No, no, no. But I was thinking about what you said... ...about how I've dropped the ball on our friendship. You're right, I have. So I figured I would pick up the ball and bring it over, unannounced. Probably should have brought an actual ball to help with the metaphor. -I'm going for a walk with Ephram. -Make it a long one. -So sarcastic lrv is new. Are you guys, uh--? -No, it's fine. We're just getting on each other's nerves. -So where's Madison tonight? -Oh, she's, uh, at band practice. They got a manager coming to the next show, so.... I'd like to hear her play. You keep talking about how good she is. She's great. You should come by one of her shows. -You know, you and Tommy both. -I don't need to go with Tommy. -Did you guys have another fight? -No, no, we're just dating. I don't plan around him. We're not like you and Madison. -Well, I don't plan everything around-- -I don't mean it bad. I think it's nice. You're falling in love with her, I can tell. Wait, are we being European right now? Because I thought we had a deal about that. You're right, I'm sorry. So have you guys done the deed? Ha. I'm just joking. You should've seen the look on your face. That was fantastic. Kind of makes me wonder, though. EPHRAM: Wonder what? -Who my first time will be with. -Well, I guess that answers that question. -Who, Tommy? No. -Although it would make things easier. -Why, you think he's, like, experienced? I'm sure he's done it before. But that's not the point. It would just take some of the pressure off if it was him. -Like, what do you mean? -I already know he's not the one. So losing it to him would just be like getting it out of the way. -Every girl's dream. -Are you a girl? Compared to you, possibly. I'm not-- You know, I'm not saying it has to be all candles and Coldplay or whatever... ...but I definitely want my first time to be special. -So you and Madison haven't? -No. -No, no, I mean-- -Well, I wouldn't worry. Whatever you do, I'm sure it'll be special. It's just who you are, Ephram. I could use some chocolate. Okay, don't take this the wrong way... ...but it doesn't really seem like you're that into Tommy, which begs the question.... Why am I with him? Yeah. I like the guy. He's different from anyone I've ever met. We definitely have a good time together. I don't see myself marrying him, but.... So he's not your soul mate? I don't believe in soul mates anymore. Why, do you? I don't know. Maybe. -Do you think Madison could be yours? -I'm not sure. I'm not willing to say she definitely is... ...but at the same time, I'm not willing to say she's not. See, that's what I mean. I don't buy the whole "you just know" thing. I think knowing when something feels right must be really hard. But you knew it was right with Colin? -Sorry, I didn't.... -No. It's okay, you're right. I did think about that stuff with Colin, and it did feel right, I think. That was so long ago, though. I was only like 14 when we started going out. Holding hands was, like, a huge deal. So, yeah, I thought about it... ...but more in the way that I thought about marrying Big Bird when I was 6. It was more of a concept than an actual feeling of.... Of knowing? Yeah, I guess so. Thanks for hanging out. I really needed to get out of the house. Sure, anytime. I think you're wrong, though. -About what? -I think you can know. I think you can know when someone is right. I think you can have a soul mate. I think you can have more than one... ...but I think there's definitely a limited number of people... ...that you can really be with. -I don't know what you're talking-- -You have a soul mate, Amy. Once you get all this crap out of your head and just trust that, you'll know who it is. He'll probably be standing right out in front of you. Because the guy who's lucky enough to get to be with you... ...he won't walk away too easily. Why would you think that? Because... ...he gets to be with you. [KETTLE WHlSTLlNG] -Watch it, don't cut yourself on that. -No, no, it's okay. -I can fix it if you want, it's a clean break. -I've done this before. How you holding up? Okay, I guess. I was just making Grandma some tea and-- Well, go, go, do that. I'm gonna take care of this. Thank you. Ephram? What? I'm really glad you're here. -Hey. -Hey. -Mind if I sit with you? -No, of course not. [SlGHS] Andy-- There you are. Hey. -Hey. -I'm sorry, it took forever. -How'd it go with the house? -Great, really great. We are officially closed on escrow. And I booked our flight to L.A., so we leave next week. Next week? That's soon, isn't it? Well, there's a couple of houses in the Palisades going on the market on Friday. The realtor thinks they're gonna go fast, so we should see them soon. But don't worry, if we're not done here, we can come back and tie up loose ends. So I'm gonna go find Edna, pay my respects. NlNA: Okay. JAKE: Excuse me. -Andy-- -I should get Ephram. We should get home, make sure my father hasn't done permanent damage to Delia. Right. Of course. -Thanks for the ride. ANDY: No problem. You want anything? -No, thank you. -Yeah, me neither. STEPHANlE [ON MACHlNE]: Hey, Ephram, it's Stephanie. I know you're having horrible day... ...but I was calling to see if there was anything I could do. Anyways, give me a call when you get some time, okay? Bye. She's pretty cool, huh? Seems it. -So you gonna call her? -Yeah, but, uh, not tonight. You wanna watch a movie? I got three different ones where stuff gets blown up. Yeah. Oh, wait, we don't have a DVD player, remember? I got a laptop. Decent-sized screen. Sure, why not? You sure you don't mind sleeping over? I'm gonna be sleeping over the next couple weeks once Nina leaves. -Sure you're not gonna get sick of me? -lmpossible. If it's weird in Bright's room, I don't mind switching. -It's okay, I don't mind. -Saw you guys talking earlier. Saw you and Ephram talking too. -Hard day. -lt'll get easier. I know, that's part of what makes it so hard. Knowing that in a little while, things are gonna start to feel normal again. It shouldn't, but it will. Wanna go raid the fridge? I could use some chocolate. I was sure that I'd wake you. Wake me? I'm 10 pages from finishing. This thing's Da Vinci Code good. Did you and Delia have fun? Well.... She's not half the drinker I thought she would be. [CHUCKLES] -Listen, uh, I need to, uh-- -Leave tomorrow, I know. -You sure you don't wanna stay longer? -Truth is... ...I got a lady friend waiting on me back home... ...and I don't want her to get any ideas. Wow. It's weird to think of you with anyone besides Mom. -Now I know how Ephram feels. -And you? -What's going on with the neighbor broad? -She sold her house. She's a few days away from leaving, and I don't know what to do. I've already told her how I feel. I know it'd be wrong to try and stop her, but if I don't... ... I may lose her forever, and I'm not sure I can take losing another woman... ...not after Julia. -I can't possibly think of how l'd-- -You'll figure it out. God forbid we should have a conversation where you impart some advice. Gonna start with that crap? You don't need my advice, not anymore, not now. Why not now? Before, when you were Mr. Big-Shot-Doctor, then maybe I had something on you. But what you've done here, the man you've become... ... it's damn impressive, son. Should've stopped talking to you in school. Who knows how good you would have turned out? We've taken to saying something around here since Julia died. It's kind of a Brown policy that I instituted. -Yeah? What's that? -I love you, Dad. You're a good son, Andy. -Mother, I could-- -No. I got it from here. You miss me, don't you? -You don't know the half of it. -You're gonna be fine, Edna. -Fine, maybe. Great, never. -You got over the first one pretty quick. I had 40 years with the first one. We didn't get enough time, you and l. We deserved more time. Sweetheart, we had a lifetime. Please don't go. Please. Please don't leave me. [SOBBlNG] [ENGLlSH - US - SDH] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 