Dope: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dope 
 s3e4 - This Isn't Miami Vice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dope (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - This Isn't Miami Vice - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 West Side. Everything good? We'll call. Don't come out here thinking it's just wooden shoes and windmills. There's gangsters everywhere. Motherfuckers that knock your head off. There is a relation, absolutely, between murder cases in Rotterdam and the drug trade. You don't talk about nickel and dimes here, you talk about serious money. Police! Firearms spotted. Any wrong movement and we'll fire! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're doing 20 bricks today. Yes! I have everything, you know I do. The original. Hey, everything cool? How much do you want? One? Give me one. Okay, here is one. And because you have struggles with the other guy, I will brighten your day. Here you go. He's my brother. Thank you and see you soon. ♪ All I do is work, all I do is work ♪ ♪ All I do is work All I do is get paid, yeah ♪ ♪ All I do is work, all I do is work ♪ ♪ All I do is work, all I do is... ♪ ♪ Let me work ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Somebody call 911 ♪ ♪ My mind unwinds and I'm undone ♪ ♪ Tryin' to hide, better not Better run from ♪ ♪ Bye, bye, little guy, now, run, run ♪ Look, I've been in this for so long that I know what's going on. Around 1984, I got into it by chance. At that time, Rotterdam was a city full of addicts. You would see them everywhere. There was no support for them, so they were free-basing anywhere. In doorways, under bridges, you would see junkies. As a way to survive, I got into it. Mr. Pink has been dealing cocaine on the streets of Rotterdam for over thirty years. But now, he's finding work tough. Ten, fifteen years ago, you could really line your pockets. Now, you have to go from neighborhood to neighborhood if you want to make some decent money. We have more dealers than users, you see? You can make €250, but then, you really have to get out of there. If you hang around for too long 'cause you're saying to yourself, "No, I want to make €500 or €600," there's a good chance the van will pull up and you can get in, and they'll bring you to your "summer home". Too many dealers also means users can pick and choose who they buy from. It's a struggle, yeah. Don't think that we get rich by doing this, or that we drive a big Mercedes. That is just not true. It's just a way of surviving. Oh. We're going to cook. To sell, Pink's product has to stand out from the competition. This is pure coke. No super mix, yeah? That way it is the strongest. I cook it with ammonia. Yes? Then it becomes "base coke". It's basically crack's cousin. It's sitting on the mirror. Now we can start "playing". Now comes the important part... creating a distinctive brand. Now, pay attention, we are going to do some magic. So, I take this one... Eighty percent alcohol. What I'm going to do now is create a chemical reaction by melting the alcohol into the cocaine. Oops. Shit. Most people who are addicted to this will never ever be able to stop. This eats your brain cells so badly that most people who use this year after year, become psychiatric patients. ♪ 'Cause I was only focusing On getting out ♪ ♪ The crack game slowed Start taking different routes ♪ ♪ I kept flippin' and flippin' Until I trippled up ♪ ♪ And I hustle solo So ain't nobody gettin' cuts ♪ For Pink, hustling a sale has become second nature. Nobody makes it like this. If you want to go crazy and you say, "Fuck it, today I want to go crazy," then I would say, "Get a pipe and take a puff." Hey, there you go. This is called "Original Pink". Yeah. This is the "Original Pink". And why is it called Pink? Well, that's not very hard. Because once it's done, it is pink. When someone tries my product once, they'll never want anything else. It's like when they say, "When you go... black, you never go back." This is the same. Right? After you taste this, you don't want anything else. It is top quality. For original gangsters, Pink. Pink's problem is that Rotterdam has too much cocaine. The city is a magnet for drugs from the four corners of the world, all heading for Europe's largest port. Cocaine from the West, heroin from the East. But in recent years, the supply of coke into the city has seen a change. It's 2015, and Dutch Customs are busy. This is a bag with ten one-kilo blocks. These officers have just busted 280 kilos of cocaine. Some people are very unhappy today, you could say that. We pay very close attention, the risk is high. I can imagine that the people who lost this stash are quite annoyed about that. Thanks to a spike in production, the volume of coke coming through the port is on the rise. A haul this size is major weight, so Customs has called for backup from a specialist multi-agency unit, HARC. The HARC team are moving the load off site to an incinerator for destruction. Luckily, not a lot of people have any clue about what's inside this van. And we would like to keep it that way. But with drugs worth over ten million euros, they can't afford to take chances. If there is a crisis or an emergency, the van will keep on driving. Back-up cars one and two will solve the emergency so the van can keep moving. When they arrive at the incinerator, a bulldozer immediately blocks the gate. We are going to throw the cocaine in one of the ovens here behind me. They are heating and emptying out the oven as we speak. Then, we'll throw in the cocaine with a whole bunch of household waste on top, and wait until it has gone really far down and we know for sure that no one can reach it anymore. Every bust gives the cops a chance to get someone to talk. And that puts pressure on dealers. For the last... last, like, three years, a lot of transports is getting caught, you know, by the customs, by the police, or whatever, whatever. Well, everybody's a little tense and shit. It's just like a cat and mouse game. They shut shit down and we find other ways to bring it in. OG Dred runs one of the biggest drug operations in The Netherlands. We got a notorious-ass group, man. They like to call us a gang. They like to call us organized criminal. We like to call it family, man, because we protect what's ours and don't let no rats do bad things to us without punishing them. He's become used to dealing in bulk. There's nothing special. It's like, there's a trade, man. Been doing this, man. I'm running the major drug trade around here. I invest, I manage, whatever comes out here. You know, it's me that's controlling the stuff. When it goes wrong, we lose a lot of money. You understand? So, that's where the killings and the problems come. What's up? Oh, that's fucked up. That means he didn't say the right thing. Tomorrow. Yes, I'm in the middle of something. I'll call you later. Bye. We have a little order, there's one in right now. It's about, like, 20 kilos of cocaine, pure cocaine, like 85%. It comes from South America, of course, Colombia. You don't talk about nickel and dimes here, you talk about serious money. Twenty keys could fetch one millions euros, if port security don't get it first. You got people at Customs who get it out for a certain percentage. So we pray that it goes good, you can make a little money. Yes, there could be one here. Let's wait here for a bit. In 2018, Inspector Cees heads up the HARC team. You have 30,000 vessels coming into the Port of Rotterdam with an approximate 500,000 crew members. We're focusing on... on the cocaine trails, uh, the trails from South America. A major concern is the enemy within. Sometimes, staff is giving their access pass for a couple of thousand euros to provide access for unauthorized staff. And then they get the drugs and they just walk off like a normal maintenance guy. So we have now more advanced methods of finding those people. ♪ I'm finally taking what's mine ♪ ♪ Well, I've got a stone And a place to hide ♪ ♪ Brother, I hear your cry ♪ ♪ But I don't care, really, really ♪ ♪ Just gimme, gimme ♪ Police, of course. You could get caught, you could go to prison. People could try to rob you. OG Dred's lieutenant "M" is on his way to meet a contact in the port. Today we're doing 20 bricks. That's definitely a considerable amount of money, but you build up to that. ♪ Down to the water ♪ ♪ Take me down to the water ♪ ♪ I'm goin' ♪ Customs officers must be paid, the containers, the trip, everything must be paid for. So, yeah, if you don't put in a lot, you won't be able to bring home the bacon. The world has definitely changed, yeah. People only think of themselves and have no respect and no honor. They only think about today and not tomorrow. Fast money and jealousy. Why? Everyone wants that Rolex, everyone wants a fast car. So people will rip each other off, screw each other. Even friends steal from one another. If one person makes more money than the other, people start snitching. That's why you have to choose wisely who you hang out with. There are definitely casualties in this business. Back at the port, HARC have isolated a suspicious container. So we're here now at the scan terminal where they have scanned the container, uh, that was detected by the... by the sniffer dogs. The dogs picked up something in the container's steel framework, and there's only one way to find out what it is. It looks like cocaine, and there could be a lot of it. We know from the scanning pictures, it's in this part... this part here. A small one. And along the sides, on the left side as well, contains, um... well, most likely, cocaine. Well, on this side, there's already one. A second one and a double here, so four of these packages. So this is already two kilograms. Maybe it's 300 pounds or so. So the colleagues from Customs and the field just weighed all the packages. The different ones are, in total, 30 kilograms. The seizure will trigger the kind of investigation that HARC has conducted many times before. This container was destined somewhere for Europe. But we look at the moment as well, who the persons are involved, the receivers, the notifiers, etc... So, there are a number of check-ups that need to be done at this stage by our intelligence unit of the HARC team. In the last three years, police have upped their game. More coke means more busts, which in turn gives cops more chances to get dealers to talk. OG Dred's connection, a corrupt official, has just walked a bag through port security. He's on his way to a secret location... where M is waiting. ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Listen, I do this with ease To make 'em burn ♪ ♪ I make 'em alert ♪ ♪ Hear what they say in the streets I got what they need ♪ ♪ I got what they need ♪ ♪ That's facts I know you can't match that ♪ ♪ I live on the fast track ♪ ♪ We're making an impact And keeping it intact ♪ ♪ The feeling of cash I get it on ♪ Someone is going to drive up here, open the trunk, and I grab the bag and put it in my trunk and drive off. No show, just quick and fast. Wear normal clothing, not drawing any attention. That's how it's done. It's the 20 keys OG Dred is expecting. You know, it's not like you see in the movies, where they're waiting for you with machine guns, where there are 20 guys, "Yeah, open the trunk, do this, do that." It's not Miami Vice. Today's stamp is "Prada," but that can be different. It also depends on how big the delivery is. Let's say the delivery is a couple hundred, then there can be multiple stamps. The fake branding is no guarantee of quality. M can't be sure of the coke until he tests it. Everyone has their own job and they need to execute that as well as they can. If one link fails, then the whole chain fails, no matter how high up or how low you are. The test is simple. Pure cocaine dissolves quickly in water. Cutting agents do not. So M will spot any obvious cut. This coke has passed the test. M messages his boss with the news. And the coke begins hitting the street... to dealers like Mr. Pink. ♪ As I lay me down to sleep ♪ ♪ If I die before I wake ♪ ♪ My soul to keep ♪ ♪ Protect me as I roll these streets ♪ West Side. Everything good? We'll call. ♪ If I die before I wake ♪ ♪ Police busting at me ♪ ♪ But they can't do nothing to a G ♪ I don't feel guilty, because I see that I also help people. They really don't want anything else. They want Pink, that's what they want. But as day turns to night, customers are few and far between. Hey, Pink! - Hey, how are you? - I'm good. You know what? It's your lucky day today. 'Cause, let me see... Two, four, five. - How much? - Wait a sec. Five, six... So you'll get six from me. - Good, Pink. - For sure! Yes, Yo-Yo. - For sure! - Okay. I love you! Love Your Bitch, that's the name. Okay. I do business with people who have been smoking for years. Yes. I don't get teens who are trying something new. No, those don't come here. Only professionals who have been doing this for years. Oh, dear. Now I have to find my lighter, so annoying. Well, I've probably been doing this for ten years. Yes. About ten years I've been doing this. Ursula sells her body to pay for her freebase. It's an expensive hobby. It's a rich man's hobby. You've got to have money for it. You've got to make money to be able to do it. Yes, grab some clients and that kind of stuff, you know? Well, I usually ask for 50 euro, you know, for an hour. Freebasing triggers a massive rush of the body's feel good chemical dopamine. Oh, delicious, man. Yeah, man. That's why I only buy from Pink, because he has the best shit. Really delicious. The color, the taste. Mmm. Yes, this is the shit. Yeah, I get all warm inside. I feel hot, my ears are popping, my mouth tingles. Yes, it's just like floating, you know? Yeah, it's a wonderful feeling. Well, I'm going to grab a client and get going. Despite the loyalty of customers like Ursula, Mr. Pink's business is suffering. The domestic market is saturated, and even kingpin OG Dred is feeling the pinch. Look, the money's never enough. Yeah, let's keep it real. We got kids, we got family to feed, we got... we got homes. But Dred has a plan. He's got his eye on international sales. You have people from all over Europe just coming into Holland to get the stuff. He's thinking of branching out to the border city of Maastricht. Within easy reach of four countries, the city offers a storefront to buyers across Europe. Here, so-called drug tourists come to buy from local dealers. This is just crazy, you know? People always keep coming back, always. If they're inside, they'll come outside. They'll never forget your number. They know where to find you and they keep coming back, and that's why we do this. Psycho and Mr. X flip coke in bulk to international buyers at a steep markup. Look, here is €31,000. Weekly, we can sell five kilos, sometimes 20 kilos. It all depends on the customer we get. They'll pay €40,000 for a kilo, uncut. They can charge top dollar because their coke is so pure. The stamp. Stamp stands for where it comes from, so to speak, to be able to trace the bricks. When the bricks get lost, they are always easy to find. But it's not the cops they're worried about. It's their rivals. You need to be able to stand your ground. No joke, because it's not like we're selling sandwiches. It doesn't happen often that we have to use them. They know who they are dealing with by now. You're never really operating quietly, but it's not like in the big cities where everything has been built on top of each other, so we have some space and a clear view to do our jobs. You also see that the police here are not as tough, not as smart. Police! Police! Police! I know nothing! Hands up! Hands on your head! You too! You, hands up and turn this thing off! It's an incredible moment, filmed as it happened. Both of you stay seated. Firearms spotted, any wrong movement and we'll fire. Look at me and stay seated. For these dealers, the law has a longer reach than they'd ever imagined. When a bust goes down, it's easy to believe a snitch is to blame. And that's when things can turn ugly. My business is to eliminate rats. If someone makes a big mistake, then he'll be put on a list. He'll be put on that list so that other people can take care of it. We'll get a name, or a photo, or an address from someone. In terms of price, we can stick to 100,000 euros as a ballpark figure. Here we've got the tools. So, this is a Mac-11. That's an automatic handgun. It is used to get the job done quickly and silently. We have two 9-millimeters. They're CZ Heckler & Koch. We call this a back-up weapon. This is a Scorpio Evo, also an automatic weapon. We get delivered what we ask for. Imagine if we also had to go steal these... And when the job is done... we get paid. Success depends on working closely with a spotter. We send a spotter to take a look at the address, see if he knows the person in question, so that he can come back to us and let us know what that person looks like, where he lives, what time he arrives and leaves his home, what kind of car he drives, what that person eats, what he shits. I don't care if he knows everything about that person, 'cause that's his homework. And then we take over from there... On the streets, you encounter violence, so you deal with your first gunfight beforehand. When you notice how fast that blows over, you've already made that first step, that next step is easy to take. To explain it simply, when you're on the streets, you have to be able to do certain things. You have to be able to turn off your emotions. The better you do that, the better you feel about it, of course. There is a relation, absolutely, between murder cases in Rotterdam and the drug trade. For those in the Dutch coke trade, death has become part of the job. That is street life, that is part of the streets. It's street life. He shoots at me, I shoot at him. Look, people have shot at me, I have also shot at people, right? But I don't want to talk about those things. Hi there! And with more and more cocaine coming in, the heat looks set to stay. We are just one part of this battle. We try to make it as difficult as possible for the criminal organizations. I never fear nothing, man. But if we fear something, we fear the motherfucking pigs, we fear the police. Once these motherfuckers are on your ass, it's a wrap, man. I'm very proud about the job that I do. I'm not naive, you know? It's, uh... it's sometimes a real small part in the fight, but what's the alternative? Doing nothing is absolutely not an alternative. I'm in this motherfucker for life. More than 25 years. In all that time, I've been to, like, more than 25 funerals. With the big money, there comes the big guns. And with the big guns, there comes... bigger killers, man. With money comes problems. ♪ Let me tell you That God's gonna cut you down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Cut you down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ You may run ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Down, down ♪ ♪ Let me tell you That God's gonna cut you down ♪ ♪ Let me tell you That God's gonna cut you down ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 