The Masked Singer: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s2e1 - Return of the Masks: Groups A & B - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Return of the Masks: Groups A & B - full transcript 
 The first eight undercover celebrity singers face off against one another in head-to-toe costumes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's the return of the global singing phenomenon. 16 new masked heroes are about to take over. ♪ Whoa ♪ Can you guess the celebrities behind the masks? Athletes, actors, politicians, international recording artists, people who love drama llamas and baby mamas. ‐ ‐ Love it! In season two, sensational performances... ♪ I wanna dance with somebody ♪ Whoo! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can't wait to figure out who the heck you are, because you're amazing. ♪ Do you want to go? ♪ ...tougher clues... I've been in many relationships with many of the presidents. Monica. ...and our crack panel of celebrity detectives. One sniff in the butt, I would know who it was. ‐ My gosh. ‐ What exactly is this show about? The singers' identities are protected with military‐grade security. They don't talk to anyone, and no one talks to them. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I feel like I'm going into the witness protection program. ‐ I'll give you $100,000 if you take your mask off. ‐ No! No! Each week, the celebrities compete to stay anonymous. ♪ 'Cause the sky is finally open ♪ This is not a show about creating stars, this is a show about celebrating stars. ♪ This is the greatest show, yeah, yeah ♪ The weakest performers are eliminated and unmasked. ‐ Take it off! ‐ Who is it? Take it off! ‐ ‐ Jenny: My God! Tonight, the saga begins. In group A, Butterfly versus Egg, Thingamajig versus Skeleton. In group B, Rottweiler versus Ladybug, and Tree versus Ice Cream. Two famous faces will be revealed. ♪ Come, come, come, come, come along now ♪ ♪ Run away from the humdrum ♪ ♪ We'll go to a place that is safe from ♪ ♪ Greed, anger, and boredom ♪ ♪ And feast with abandon ♪ ♪ We'll sleep when the morning comes ♪ ♪ And we'll rise by the sound of the birdsong ♪ Time to get weird. ♪ Who are you? ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who? ♪ ♪ Come on, tell me, who are you? ♪ ♪ Who are you? ♪ ♪ I really wanna know ♪ ♪ Who are you? ♪ It was me, Nick Cannon! Welcome to our wildly exciting premiere of "The Masked Singer." We are so happy to be back for season two of our celebrity who‐sungit. Last season, you were hunting down clues like crazy with your mind‐blowing detective skills, all in an attempt to figure out which famous celebrities were underneath the masks. This season, the clues are going to be much, much harder. It was either that or shut down Google, and I don't think we got that power. So to help us solve all these mysteries, let's greet our lead detectives. Please welcome Miss Nicole Scherzinger. Dr. Ken Jeong, ladies and gentlemen! Thank you, thank you. Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg. - ‐ Whoa! Whoa! - ‐ Robin Thicke! So who is under this season's masks? Just like you, I am completely in the dark. All I know is that between them, our secret stars have 42 Grammy nods, 140 films, 35 number one hits, 21 platinum records, and 22 Broadway shows. Yeah. They also have 29 children, 28 tattoos, and 8 divorces, so... ‐ Yeah, that's great. ‐ Yeah! So some of them probably don't want to take those masks off. Tonight, eight singers will face off against each other while we all search for clues and try to uncover who's behind the mask. After each face‐off, the studio audience and panel will vote for their favorite performance, and the winner will get to sing another day. The bottom four singers will go head‐to‐head in two epic smackdowns. The panel will then decide who they want to see again, and the two losers will be unmasked at the end of the night and sent packing. Don't feel sorry for them, though. They're celebrities. Come on now, they‐‐ Now are you guys ready for some weirdness? ‐ Yeah! ‐ Bring it. Time for our first big face‐off of the night, Butterfly versus Egg. Free the Butterfly! ‐ Yes! ‐ Whoo! ♪ Mama told me not to waste my life ♪ ♪ She said spread your wings, my little butterfly ♪ ‐ Wow! ‐ ♪ Don't let what they say keep you up at night ♪ My God. ‐ ♪ And they can't detain you ♪ ‐ ♪ 'Cause wings are made to fly ♪ ‐ That is gorgeous. She's tall. ‐ She's pretty tall. ‐ She's tall. She's skinny. - ‐ Is the Butterfly older? - I can't tell judging from her movements if she's young or old. She's got slim legs, though. Slim legs. Now roll out the Egg. ♪ Talk to me, baby ♪ ♪ I'm going blind from this sweet‐sweet craving ♪ ♪ Whoa‐♪ ♪ Let's lose our minds and go crazy‐crazy ♪ This Egg is so cute! - ‐ Look, his hat has a yolk! - Yeah! ‐ ♪ Cake by the ocean ♪ ‐ ‐ My God! It's Humpty Dumpty! ‐ Yeah! Flashy, flamboyant. It's like Michael Jackson and Prince, but in an egg. Yeah. First up, let's get our nets ready to capture clues about the Butterfly. Like the butterfly, for the past year, I've been waiting patiently in my cocoon for the promise of metamorphosis. Going through some change for the past year. After achieving success in many stages of life... There was a photo shoot. Maybe a model? ...I found myself terrified by the one place I used to call home. ‐ Big Ben, Big Ben. ‐ That person's from London. Could be Posh. But now with this mask, I've found the courage to be reborn... Transformation. ...to admit I'm powerless in order to take back my power. And with this flight, I release my past and everyone who has clipped my wings. I'm here to take you to church. Church. So she's religious. Can I get an amen? She went through something big this past year ‐ and this is her moment. ‐ This looks amazing. ‐ I'm so excited. ‐ Whoo! ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ She got a body like an hourglass ♪ ♪ But I can give it to you all the time ♪ ♪ She got a booty like a Cadillac ♪ ♪ But I can send you into overdrive, ♪ ♪ You've been waiting for that ♪ ♪ Step on up, swing your bat ♪ ♪ See, anybody could be bad to you ♪ ♪ You need a good girl to blow your mind, yeah ♪ ♪ Bang, bang, into the room, I know you want it ♪ ♪ Bang, bang, all over you ♪ ‐ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ‐ Whoo! ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ‐ ♪ Wait a minute, till you ♪ ‐ Yes! ♪ Bang, bang, there goes your heart ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Back, back seat of my car ♪ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Wait a minute till you ♪ ♪ B to the A ♪ ♪ To the N to the G to the, unh ♪ ♪ B to the A ♪ ♪ To the N to the G to the, hey ♪ ♪ See, anybody could be bad to you ♪ ♪ You need a good girl to blow your mind ♪ ‐ ♪ Bang, bang, into the room ♪ ‐ Come on, butterfly! ♪ Back, back seat of my car ♪ ♪ I think I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Wait a minute till you, yeah, yeah ♪ Whoo! ‐ My gosh! Wow! All right. Whoa! That is a singer. She's a natural. And she's not old, Nicole. She might be, still. Bang, bang goes the Butterfly. Good lord. ‐ Way to kick off season two. Nicole, you was already up banging, dancing. I mean, what a way to open the show. Guys, we're kind of a big deal here. You're so fantastical. I love that you're in character. Is she in character or is the mask really heavy? I don't know. Watch it with those antenna things, Butterfly. But, um, way to burst out of your cocoon. That was electrifying, and I think you're gonna be here for awhile. - I agree. - Wow. All I know is, if this is any indication of the level of talent that we have in season two, Ken is not gonna be able to guess anything, 'cause that was amazing. Ken, you're already getting made fun of, man. I'm already confused, but I'm smart enough to know ‐ that was an amazing performance. ‐ Yes. True, indeed. Were you guys picking up on any clues? Well, I mean, we got maybe something. We saw them taking pictures of her in the clue package. Maybe used to be a model. But when I hear that voice, ‐ I mean, that's a singer, you know, so... ‐ Yeah. But you don't know. It could be a hidden talent. Somebody like Cara Delevinge. Yeah. Cara Delevinge's really talented. - ‐ She's always got hidden secrets. - Ooh. I like that. Her voice to me reminds me of Fantasia. - ‐ Ooh, that's a good one. - Yes. Fantasia. In the clue package, there was church. And she's gone through tough times, and I think that that voice, I mean, to have that kind of soul and stage presence. The only thing that's throwing me is that she's from somewhere else. ‐ Yeah, 'cause we got the clue of Big Ben. ‐ Yeah, so... Could be Mel B. She's from overseas. Does Mel B. have that kind of range? I don't think Mel has that range. Your tone has so much texture in it, I'm starting to think you might be a little older, more seasoned. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Even legendary. I'm thinking maybe Diana Ross. Ooh, not a bad guess. That's a good guess. - The body‐‐ the body type. - Diana. Yeah. Yeah, that body, girl. You know what? It's question time. - ‐ What's your name? Yeah. - "What's your name?" Hey, I ask all the questions around here. What makes you the Butterfly? Bless your heart, thanks for asking. I love to float gracefully, and I've got a lot of soul in these wings. ‐ Hold up. ‐ You picked up‐‐ that gave you something? English people, always, when they think of America, they do Southern accents, ‐ and she just did a Southern accent. ‐ Yeah, you just did that. Or she's Southern trying to pretend to be Eng‐‐ This is even harder than last year. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Butterfly. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Butterfly mask. ‐ Who do you think it is? ‐ ♪ Hey ♪ That's an older person. ‐ That is a legendary singer. ‐ Patti hits those notes. My God, is it Patti LaBelle? ‐ No! Is it? ‐ Coming up on our wild season premiere... ♪ Gotta have high ♪ I don't even know what just happened. I've been through so much in my life, I just feel so lucky to be here. I'm dying to know who this is. And later, our first ever head‐to‐head smackdown. Who will be the first two singers of the season to take it off? ‐ Who is that? ‐ Don't miss the masked madness. ‐ ‐ Nick: I knew it! My gosh. You guys, it's season two! ‐ This is massive! ‐ I know, this is. ‐ This is big time! ‐ I agree. Welcome back to the season two premiere of "The Masked Singer," where we always keep you guessing. Butterfly just blew us all away, but she's got some devilish competition. So right now, let's unscramble the mystery of a singer who is no yolk. I got 'em all night. The Egg! Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to "Intimate Evenings With The Egg." Please come into my egg‐cellent world. There's a swan? I've become the Egg because I'm strong on the outside, and vulnerable on the inside. You might figure that coming to "The Masked Singer" is a bit of a leap for me. Okay, so he's not a singer. But after years of being on top of the pyramid... ‐ Pyramid? ‐ I'm here to join the ranks of the greatest, most versatile entertainers of our time. ‐ Fashion, skateboard. ‐ Like, a skater, maybe? Here's the thing. I'm proof that no matter who you are, if you put in the work and are unapologetically yourself, anything is possible. I'm going for the gold, and I guarantee I'll be a tough one to crack. ‐ Look at that pose. Who does that pose? ‐ Yeah. ♪ I've had a little bit too much ♪ ♪ All of the people start to rush ♪ ♪ Start to rush by ♪ ♪ A dizzy twister dance ♪ ♪ Can't find my drink or man ♪ ♪ Where are my keys? I lost my phone ♪ ♪ What's going on on the floor? ♪ ♪ I love this record, baby ♪ ♪ But I can't see straight anymore ♪ ♪ Keep it cool ♪ ♪ What's the name of this club? ♪ ♪ I can't remember, but it's all right ♪ ♪ All right, just dance ♪ ♪ Gonna be okay ♪ ♪ Da‐da‐doo‐doo ♪ ♪ Just dance ♪ ♪ Spin that record, babe ♪ ♪ Doo‐doo‐doo‐doo ♪ ♪ Just dance ♪ ♪ Gonna be okay ♪ ♪ D‐d‐d‐dance ♪ ♪ Dance, dance ♪ ♪ J‐j‐just dance ♪ ‐ ♪ Gonna be okay ♪ ‐ Yeah! ♪ Da‐da‐doo‐doo ♪ ♪ Just dance ♪ ♪ Spin that record, babe ♪ ♪ Doo‐doo‐doo‐doo ♪ ♪ Just dance ♪ ♪ Gonna be okay ♪ ♪ Da‐da‐doo‐doo ♪ ♪ Just dance ♪ ♪ Spin that record, baby, yeah ♪ ♪ J‐j‐j‐just dance ♪ Okay! Yeah. Egg‐cellent, egg‐citing, eggs‐traordinary. Jenny, tell the Egg about their performance. First of all, I'm so proud of you 'cause it takes so much strength to come out here and wear a costume and sing. And you did it, and you did it amazing. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Second... I don't think you're a professional singer. But I do think you have a lot to offer besides protein. All right, panel, are you picking up on any clues from the performance or the package? I was thinking maybe‐‐ they did throw skateboarder in there, ‐ but that's not Tony Hawk. ‐ Yeah. Tony's taller than that. Yeah, I do think that the skateboard was‐‐ might be a play on words. I definitely think ice skater. ‐ ‐ Definitely has some‐‐ some grace. So I was thinking, like, Johnny Weir, maybe. - ‐ Adam Rippon is another one. - I like that. Ooh, the Egg laughed like I was right. - ‐ ‐ - I disagree, Jenny. I think you guys are all wrong. All right, Dr. Ken, who do you think it is? I think that you're, like, a television personality or some sort of host that has an amazing charisma ‐ and stage presence about you. ‐ Yeah. I think it's someone from "Queer Eye," but I think it's Jonathan Van Ness. ‐ No way! ‐ Hey, how dare you? ‐ I was a doctor. ‐! I was thinking more on the fashion designer route ‐ because of the couture jacket. ‐. And then there was a sketch of a wedding dress, so I was thinking Christian Siriano. That's not a bad guess. Some good guesses there, panel. Let's hear from the Egg before he poaches in there. So, Egg, what makes you the Egg? I'm always eggs‐tra, and I do enjoy a good sparkle. A good sparkle? That didn't give you anything? That didn't help at all. Well, one thing we do know, that was an amazing performance. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the Egg. This season is way harder than last season. Already. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Egg mask. Who do you think it is? Now it's time for our panel and our studio audience to vote and tell us who won the first face‐off of the season. ‐ Wow, this is hard. ‐ Vote now for the performer you want to see again. When we come back, the winner moves on, and the loser will join the bottom two, where they'll fight head‐to‐head to keep their masks on in our very first smackdown. Egg! Egg! Egg! And by the end of our special two‐hour premiere, ‐ two singers will take it off... ‐ Butterfly! Butterfly! ...which can only happen on "The Masked Singer." Welcome back to the season premiere of "The Masked Singer," ladies and gentlemen. We just completed our very first face‐off of the new season. The results are in, and the winner is... ‐ The Butterfly! ‐ Yes! Come on. You're moving on. Back to the lair with you. ‐ Fly away. ‐ Yeah! ♪ These wings are made to fly ♪ ‐ I'm sorry, Egg. ‐ Egg, now, this means you will be heading to the smackdown for one last fight to keep your mask on. ‐ Egg! Egg! Egg! ‐ But for now, head on back to your crate. They're so jolly. They're so happy. I really think the Egg mask should be, you know, anxious. Yeah! ‐ Kind of like that. ‐ All right, and now our scariest face‐off yet. ‐ Okay, here we go. Time for Thingamajig versus Skeleton. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Behold Thingamajig. ♪ Wild thing ♪ ♪ You make my heart sing ♪ - Wow! - You're massive! That's a big guy. ♪ You make everything groovy ♪ ♪ You move me ♪ Yeah, he's tall. He got swag. Rattle the Skeleton. Wow! Yes. He's little. My God. He's a comedian. ‐ He's creepy. ‐ He's a comedian. Skeleton got some swag. He's been drinking a little bit of that skeleton juice. So what kind of famous person wants to become this Thingamajig? And what the hell is a Thingamajig anyway? We're going to figure all that out. Aww. ‐ A magic case! ‐ Magician. How tall is David Copperfield? Sneakers, athlete. ‐ He's a basketball player. ‐ So sweet. ‐ I know who you are. ‐ Four titles. I know who you are. ‐ Yes. Whoo! ‐ Yes. ♪ I know it sounds funny ♪ ♪ But I just can't stand the pain ♪ ♪ Girl, I'm leaving you tomorrow ♪ ♪ Seems to me, girl ♪ ♪ You know I've done all I can ♪ ♪ You see, I begged, stole, and I borrowed ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Ooh, that's why I'm easy ♪ ♪ I'm easy like Sunday ♪ ♪ Morning ♪ ♪ I wanna be high ♪ ♪ So high ♪ ♪ I wanna be free to know ♪ ♪ The things I do are right ♪ ♪ I wanna be free ♪ ♪ Just me ♪ ♪ Whoa, baby ♪ Come on now, Thingamajig! Get it! ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ That's why I'm easy ♪ Yeah! ‐ Whoo! ♪ I'm easy like Sunday morning ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Wow! ♪ That's why I'm easy ♪ ♪ I'm easy like Sunday morning ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ‐ Yay! ‐ I did not expect that. - Okay! - Good job, buddy. Wow. ‐ Very good. Yeah, Thingamajig did his thingamathing! ‐ Dr. Ken? ‐ Thingamajig, you were so, um, whatchamacallit. It was amazing. Man, I really‐‐ you got me‐‐ you got me confused. Because I saw you come in, and I'm thinking this has got to be an athlete. I'm a big NBA fan, and so I'm just going through the Rolodex of NBA names. ‐ Right? Me, too. ‐ And I'm thinking there's no way this guy can carry a tune. I did not expect that voice coming out of that body and that whatchamadoodle or thingamadig or whatever. ‐ Thingamajig! ‐ Thingamajig. Either way, you're my sentimental favorite. I really loved it. You might now be known for being a professional singer, I don't know, but you have a really natural voice, and you have a beautiful tone. I just feel like we got a real hidden talent here. I think we're gonna be really surprised. Robin, were you picking up on any clues? Yeah, I agree. Definitely built like an athlete. I didn't see any footwork or dance moves, but I did see the swagger when you walked out. You look like you don't have to move much to get what you want, so I got that swag. I'm getting kind of, like, the love child of Larry King and a Muppet, you know what I mean, kind of put together. But, you know, the first kind of person that comes to mind because he's very well‐rounded and a great entertainer, is Michael Strahan kind of comes to mind. Yes. ‐ Are the shoulders big enough? Or is it more of a lean basketball player kind of figure? ‐ I think a lean basketball‐‐ ‐ It's a little more lean. I didn't get the briefcase with the wings. I still don't know what that means. And what's all the puzzles about? Why where there so many puzzles and things? ‐ Is that a hobby? ‐ Because this show is a giant puzzle! I feel like maybe he has four titles or something. ‐ He had the number four. ‐ I think it's four rings, like, four NBA rings. ‐ Okay. ‐ Or four divorces. ‐ There you go, Nick Cannon. ‐ No, that's you, Nick Cannon. - ‐ Stop projecting, stop projecting. - Ha‐ha. Zing. The only thing I could think of that came to my head is the feather, you know, ruffled feathers. What's his name? Steph Curry, kind of. - ‐ Well, Steph Curry, he's not that tall. - Steph Curry's too short. That's a big guy. Well, how tall are you, Nick? ‐ About 6'1". ‐ You're 6'1"? You're not 6'1". You're 5'6". It's true! Wait, who's the guy that used to do‐‐ make his hair different colors? ‐ The basketball player? ‐ Dennis Rodman. That's not a bad idea. No way! Maybe that's reflective of Dennis Rodman. Dennis can't sing. ‐ He's in North Korea right now. He's on the Korean version of this show. - ‐ The Korean version? - The North Korean. How dare you, Nick Cannon? I've always been good to you. All right, look. I have a personal question. What in the world is a thingamajig? Well, Nick, a thingamajig is a thing ‐ that likes to majig. He's so cool! ‐ Man, great question, Nick. ‐ Did that help you guys at all? ‐ Not at all. ‐ A lot. Obviously, we have no idea, Nick. Either way, he gave us a great performance. Ladies and gentlemen, the Thingamajig! Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Thingamajig mask. Who do you think it is? Song choice, "I'm Easy Like Sunday Morning." ‐ Right. ‐ Football, Sunday morning. Why are you the smartest person up here, Robin Thicke? ♪ Who is that? ♪ ♪ Everybody get up ♪ ‐ ♪ Everybody get up ♪ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ Mr. Thicke. ‐ I hate this song. ‐ Yeah. Yeah. ‐ Hey, Robin. Here we go, ladies and gentlemen. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to our special two‐hour premiere of "The Masked Singer," where we're smack dab in the middle of a very dramatic face‐off. A Thingamajig just told us he's easy like Sunday morning. And now it's time to rattle around for some creepy clues about the Skeleton. Man, man, I have never in my life been as excited as I am now becoming the Skeleton. Which, by the way, I chose because I have no fear of death, and I don't overeat. Little Vegas‐y. I've been around the block a few times, but I'm far from dead. Throughout my life, so many doors have opened for me. And my key to success is always say yes. Just like a skeleton, I've always provided support, but I'm tired of playing second fiddle. Second fiddle, like in a sitcom. Like a Jason Alexander! So tonight's gonna be a wild and crazy party... "Wild and crazy par‐‐" I know who this is. ...because I finally get that spotlight all to myself. I'm gonna knock 'em dead. Party on, dudes. Wild and crazy. ‐ My God, Martin Short. ‐ That's what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. ♪ Good times ♪ ♪ Yeah, ♪ ♪ These are the good times ♪ ♪ Come on, let's hit it ♪ ♪ Leave your cares behind ♪ ‐ ♪ Whoa ♪ ‐ Nicole: Okay. ♪ ‐yeah, these are the good times ♪ ♪ Thank you, ladies ♪ ♪ Wait in the Mercedes, good times ♪ ♪ Hip hop to hippy, to hippy dippy ♪ ♪ Hip hip hop and you don't stop ♪ ♪ Bang bang boogie to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat ♪ ♪ Now what you hear is not a test ♪ ♪ I'm rapping to the beat ♪ ♪ And we, the groove, and my friends ♪ ♪ Are gonna try to make you move your feet ♪ ♪ You see I am Skeleton and I'd like to say hello ♪ ♪ To the black to the white ♪ ♪ The red and brown, the purple and yellow ♪ ♪ But first I gotta bang bang the boogie to the boogie ♪ ♪ Say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie ♪ ♪ Let's rock, you don't stop ♪ ♪ Rock the rhythm that'll make your body rock ♪ ♪ Do you ever go over to a friend's house to eat ♪ ♪ And the food just ain't no good ♪ ♪ I mean, the macaroni's soggy, the peas are runny ♪ ♪ And the chicken just tastes like wood ♪ ♪ So you try to play it off like you think you can ♪ ♪ By saying that you're full ♪ ♪ And then your friend says, "Mama, he's just being polite ♪ ♪ He ain't finished, unh‐that's bull!" ♪ ‐ Come on, Skeleton! ‐ ♪ You bust through the door while it's still full ♪ ‐ ♪ Sick from the food you ate ♪ ‐ Who is that? ♪ You rush to the corner for quick relief ♪ ♪ From a bottle of Kaopectate ♪ ♪ And then you call your friend two weeks later ♪ ♪ To see how he has been, "What's up?" ♪ ♪ And he says "I understand about the food ♪ ♪ Baby brother, we're still friends!" ♪ ♪ And it's good times ♪ Hey! Skeleton! Skeleton! The Skeleton! Ha‐cha‐cha! That was definitely a delight. ‐ Man. ‐ Wow! Whoo! Nicole? That was fire, Skeleton. I freaking love you. ‐ A little flirt. ‐ I'm getting Vegas vibes. Maybe Broadway. Whatever you are, you're a seasoned performer. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You obviously have comedy chops and you had the audience eating out of your skeleton hands. Yeah, easily the funniest performance of the evening. I mean, I just could not stop laughing. Yes. ‐ It was so good. There's this old school vibe, and, to me, it seems like someone who I'm influenced by comedically. ‐ I get comedian, definitely. Comedian, yeah. ‐ Nicole: Comedian. When he first walked out, it was kind of like a drunk Ken Jeong at a wedding. - It was. It was. - How dare you? ‐ A lot of this going on. ‐ How dare you? ‐ A lot of that. ‐ All right, are you guys picking up any clues? He played second fiddle, so we have to remember that. He was always the second lead. He was never the lead. You know, it could be, like, a Jon Cryer. Yeah. ‐ He played second fiddle. He can sing, he's funny. ‐ Ooh, I don't know. ‐ I don't know, there's‐‐ He has a Nathan Lane vibe to me, based on the Broadway I'm getting out of him. But I don't think Nathan Lane really digs The Sugarhill Gang as much as‐‐ Not just that, Nathan can sing. And the "bang bang!" But the voice and the "bang bang," to me, it's a comedian who's performed on Broadway. Well, there's Dana Carvey you know? Dana Carvey's a lead. ‐ And he's not known to be second fiddle. ‐ He was to Mike Myers. ‐ He could be Carvey. Could be Carvey. ‐ He did say, "Party on." - Party on, party on. - He did say "party on." And Carvey is short, too, much like Nick Cannon, who is 4'5", so... You know what? It's question time. ‐ All right. ‐ I got it for you. What makes you shake your bones as the Skeleton? You know, I‐‐ I have no booty to shake. Man. I know who that is. I know, I know. So all I can do is... shake, shake, shake. Shake, shake, shake. ‐ Shake your bones! ‐ I freaking love Skeleton. I'm sorry that I asked that question. ‐ Did that help at all? ‐ It helped Ken. He thinks he knows. Who is it? ‐ Yeah, I love you, Dad. It's my father. I love you. I'll see you tonight for dinner. Love you. No, I know who it is. It's Martin Short. It's definitely Martin Short. Why? Why do you say that? ‐ Because he has his cadence, and I've studied Martin Short ever since I was a kid. He's one of my favorite comedians of all time. ‐ He's a huge influence on me. ‐ The knees. He can sing, he can dance, he's a Broadway legend. ‐ And everything about Martin Short, I idolize. ‐ Wow. ‐ You are Martin Short, I know it. ‐ Wow! ‐ I know it in my bones! ‐ He knows it in his bones. I know it in my bones. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Skeleton. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Skeleton mask. Who do you think it is? All right, it's time for the audience and the panel to vote for the‐‐ Skeleton, you got to go over there, man. Right there, right there. Hey, Skeleton, don't get in Nick Cannon's single. You're in my shot, Skeleton. All right, it's time for the audience and the panel to vote for the singer who they want to see perform again. Panel and studio audience, vote now. Whoever wins this face‐off will keep their mask on and sing another day. The other singer will join the Egg for one last chance to sing in the competition in our first‐ever do‐or‐die "Masked Singer" smackdown. Whoo! Bring it. The votes are in, and the winner of this face‐off is... Who is it? Who is it? Thingamajig! ♪ Wild thing ♪ Thingamajig, congratulations. ‐ Yeah! ‐ ♪ You make my heart sing ♪ You're not showing your face tonight. Get on out of here. Man, I feel bad. All right, Skeleton, to stay in this competition, you need to get ready to perform in our smackdown. So go ahead and... wobble your way over there. God, he's got a chance. He's got a chance. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Martin! All right, the party ain't over. The Egg and the Skeleton are about to perform, and one of them will be unmasked at the end of the show. ‐ Wow! This is so cool. ‐ It's so good. I'm so sad, though. I don't want anyone to go home. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to the season premiere of "The Masked Singer." The two singers in jeopardy, the Egg and the Skeleton, both now get a chance to stay in the competition in the smackdown. Whoo! They both sing. Our panel votes. One moves on, and the other will be unmasked at the end of the show. Whoo! ‐ Whoa. ‐ This is the smackdown! Yes! ‐ Smack! ‐ My nose! In this mouth, surprisingly low in cholesterol, the Egg! Kind of get the presence of a magician a little bit. Yeah. ‐ Look at him. And in this mouth, he's bad to the bone. The Skeleton! He moves a little like you, Ken. Knock it off, Robin. It's our first smackdown, guys. You two know the rules. No eye‐gouging, no hitting below the yolk. Hey, hey. Egg, you going first. Let the smackdown begin! ‐ ‐ Robin: All right, come on. ‐ Let's go. ‐ ♪ I will drive past your house ♪ ♪ And if the lights are all down ♪ ♪ I'll see who's around ♪ ♪ One way or another ♪ ♪ I'm gonna find ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪ ♪ One way or another ♪ ♪ I'm gonna win ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get ya, get ya, get ya, get ya ♪ ♪ One way or another ♪ ♪ I'm gonna see ya ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet ya, meet ya, meet ya, meet ya ♪ ♪ One day, maybe next week ♪ ♪ I'm gonna meet ya, I'm gonna meet ya, I'll meet ya ♪ ♪ One way ♪ ‐ Wow. ‐ They get in each other's faces. ‐ I know. ‐ You're next. You up. You ready? ‐ ♪ Baby, here I am ♪ ‐ Come on, Skeleton! ♪ I'm the man on the scene ♪ ♪ I can give you what you want ♪ ♪ But you gotta come home with me ♪ ♪ I've got some good, good loving ♪ ‐ ♪ And I got some more in store ♪ ‐ He's soulful. ♪ When I get through laying it on ♪ ♪ You got to come back for more ♪ ♪ Boys will come a dime by the dozen ♪ ♪ That ain't nothing, but drug store loving ♪ ♪ Pretty little thing, let me light your candle ♪ ♪ 'Cause, mama, I'm sure hard to handle now ♪ ‐ ♪ Yessir'am ♪ ‐ Ooh! Whoo! ‐ It's a battle! ‐ That's hard. It's hot in here! ‐ What happened? My gosh. Skeleton's totally throwing me off. ‐ I know. ‐ That was a real battle. I had to separate them. Nick, it's so hard. They were both so awesome. But, Egg, you were on it vocally. ‐ Thank you. ‐ But, Skeleton, you brought it just now. And Skeleton, there's something so wacky and wild and unconventional about him. I'm completely thrown because I was all full on Ken Jeong on this one with his conviction with Martin Short. However, he's got a lot of soul in his voice. Yeah, there's some gruff and some soul in that. And a lot of grit in there as well. By the way, I got a bone to pick with him. The Egg is a good choice, but you're getting beaten! ‐ ‐! That's good. Smack talk on the smackdown. Eggs are the... breakfast of champions. ‐ Yass. Come on, Egg. ‐ That's an awesome answer. All right, now it's up to you guys up there. Gang, it is time to vote for your favorite. Who impressed you the most? The winner will move on and keep their mask on. The other will be unmasked and sent home at the end of the night. Egg! Egg! Egg! ‐ It's so hard. ‐ So hard... boiled. ‐ And the winner is... ‐ No! Skeleton! ‐ ‐ My God! Aww, look at that. Great sportsmanship. Skeleton, you are staying in this competition. Now head on backstage. Good job, Skeleton! Egg. That means, Egg, I'm sorry. You will be leaving us tonight and revealing your true identity at the end of the show. ‐ I'm sorry, Egg. ‐ But for now, head on back to your crate. Ooh, you guys, did we get all of our egg jokes out? You really came out of your shell. You know what? You're all you're cracked up to be. ‐ I got a dozen of them. ‐ Okay. Get out. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Coming up, the amazing singing continues. Was that a record we just heard? ‐ ♪ I need ♪ ‐ This is a star. And later, two celebrities will take it off. ‐ Take it off. ‐ Don't go anywhere. - ‐ We're back in 60 seconds. - I knew it! I knew it the whole time! Welcome back to the season premiere of "The Masked Singer." The Egg just lost the first smackdown of season two and will be unmasked at the end of tonight's show, along with another famous face. Coming up, we will see four new celebrity singers perform two by two as they all compete for our ultimate prize, the Golden Mask. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Bring it. Remember, under theses masks are Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Broadway stars, and two of "Time" magazine's most influential people. Nick, fresh do, man. I had to step it up for season two. I appreciate‐‐ Wait, wait, hold on. You got‐‐ let me see those‐‐ those are diamond shoes? These are diamond shoes. A mil two, each shoe. ‐ Snap! ‐ Shut up. - ‐ They're like $2.4 million. - Are you serious? Dead serious. ‐ That is stupid. I had to bring them out tonight. I've got some shoes. I got my own shoes, dawg. ‐ Yeah. ‐ 27.94. - ‐ Boom! - Whoo! All right! ‐ That's why you're a doctor, man. ‐ That's right. That's why you're up there and I'm down here. Now, a face‐off with bite that will have the whole world bugging out... ‐ Ooh. ‐ Man. ...time for the Ladybug versus the Rottweiler. Let's fly the Ladybug. ‐ ♪ Snap ♪ ‐ Whoo! ♪ How come every time you come around ♪ ♪ My London, London Bridge wanna go down? ♪ ♪ Like, London, London, London ♪ ‐ ♪ Wanna go down ♪ ‐ Jenny: My gosh! ‐ That costume is amazing. ‐ Beautiful! I love the pigtails. ♪ London, London Bridge wanna go down ♪ ♪ Like London, London, London ♪ I don't know if she's young or old. ♪ Every time you come around my ♪ - ‐ That's cool. - She's shaking. Shake it up, glitter baby. Now release a truly dogged character, the Rottweiler. ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who, who ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who, who ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who, who ♪ Hey! ‐ My God. That's amazing! ‐ So cute! ‐ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ‐ Robin: Yeah. ‐ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ‐ He walks like Prince. He walked in like Prince. ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ He's got a six pack. Rottweiler's obviously somebody young and cool. Okay, America, time to meet the most heroic insect in show business, the Ladybug. Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to "Spin Your Wheels." I'm becoming the Ladybug because after a lifetime of drama, I could really use a little love and a lot of luck. ‐ A lifetime of drama. ‐ She was in Lifetime dramas. Is that a ham hock, guys? Being born into the limelight, the media was always keeping up with every piece of gossip and family feud. ‐ She someone that has a famous family. ‐ "Family Feud." No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't win. But now, after years of spinning my wheels, the chance to be anonymous makes me feel like I've already won a prize. Aww. ‐ ‐ I'm here to perform on my own terms, without fear of being judged. Wish me luck. Look. She's nervous. Look, look, look. She's pretty nervous. - ‐ She's nervous? - You got this, Ladybug. - ‐ Get 'em, girl. - Aww. Great, you made her more nervous. Good job. My God, I love this song! ♪ Where have all the good men gone ♪ ♪ And where are all the gods? ♪ ♪ Where's the streetwise Hercules ♪ ♪ To fight the rising odds? ♪ ♪ Isn't there a white knight ♪ ♪ Upon a fiery steed? ♪ ♪ Late at night, I toss and I turn ♪ ♪ And I dream of what I need ♪ ♪ I need a hero ♪ ‐ She can sing! ‐ ♪ I'm holding out for a hero ♪ ♪ Till the end of the night ♪ ♪ He's gotta be fast ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be strong ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be fresh from the fight ♪ ♪ I need a hero ♪ ♪ I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light ♪ ‐ ‐ ♪ He's gotta be sure ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be soon ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be larger than life ♪ ♪ Through the wind and the rain and the snow ♪ ♪ Through the storm and the flood ♪ ♪ I can feel his approach like the fire in my blood ♪ ♪ I need a hero ♪ ♪ I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night ♪ ♪ He's gotta be fast ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be strong ♪ ♪ And he's gotta be larger than life ♪ ♪ I need a hero ♪ Yeah! Yeah! That was amazing! I'm so confused right now. The Ladybug. She's my hero. ‐ Robin? ‐ I loved how you were working it at the end with your dance moves. I thought you sang very strong. And bringing out a "Footloose" classic like that, ‐ you know, that was one of my favorites‐‐ ‐ I love that song. I grew up on that. Great song. Nicole? I feel like this person might be a trained singer. ‐ Really? ‐ And halfway through, I really got to hear parts of your voice, and I felt like I recognized some of the tone. I loved that performance. All right, one of our masters of clues, Robin Thicke, you pick up on anything? Not much going on yet. I mean, born into the limelight would mean some sort of family connections to fame. And then there was the gossip and family feud and lifetime of drama. So I was thinking maybe Lily Collins, Phil Collins' daughter. That's a great choice. ‐ She has a famous family. There's been some dramas in her life. - ‐ Her father was a singer. - That's a good guess. The biggest clue for me was you came from a famous family. So, I was thinking, maybe, like a Willow Smith. I do think that growing up in a family in the limelight, family feud, doesn't necessarily mean you come from a famous family. You might have had some family‐‐ She was born into the limelight, though. Well, maybe she had a UV light at the hospital that she was born in. ‐ The doctor knows. ‐ I think that's great. The doctor knows. But I think that she had some documented family feuds. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I think you're a performer who happens to sing very well. The first thing that's coming out to me, ‐ maybe, like, a Lindsay Lohan. ‐ What? No! Maybe a Lindsay Lohan type that is, like, a good singer. No way! ‐ She's a singer. ‐ She didn't like that. ‐ She is a singer. ‐ She's a singer. ‐ Ladybug did this. You don't want to mess with‐‐ ‐ Look, this means yes... ‐ My gosh. ...in Ladybug language, okay? This means yes. But this mean, "You crazy." ‐ She says, "You are right, Ken. You are a genius, Ken." ‐ "No, you didn't." "And you are the smartest judge on the panel, and you're way taller than Nick Cannon." Drop the imaginary mic. Well, I think we should hear from the Ladybug. ‐ Okay, here we go. ‐ Ma'am, what makes you the Ladybug? Well, I've been through so much in my life that I just feel so lucky to be here... ...that I picked a ladybug. It's filled with luck. She's been through so much. I mean, I like‐‐ you just shouted out Jamie Lynn Spears. I just said that only 'cause it sounded like a bit of a Southern accent. ‐ I caught some emotion from that. ‐ Yeah. And I saw before she performed, she was, you know, breathing and holding her stomach and getting herself ready, so kudos for you for coming out here. - ‐ God bless you. - You really did great. Now flap your wings, fly away. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Ladybug mask. Who do you think it is? All right, we're in the middle of a very tense face‐off. A Ladybug was just holding out for a hero, and now a dog is about to try and have its day. It's clue time for the Rottweiler. Every top dog knows you've gotta look your best in order to perform your best. Look. He's got a gold chain. And the first time I touched a pigskin under the Friday night lights, I learned preparation is key. Friday night lights. Someone that played football either on TV or for real. Maybe it's, like, James Van Der Beek. Being a hungry competitor is actually how I rose to fame. It happened almost overnight. ‐ Okay, Super Bowl ring. ‐ Football player. It said "fantasy champion." I chose the Rottweiler because I actually was bitten by one as a kid. Now, this is an opportunity to embody my fear and to show the doubters it's not over. Not over, so he's been going for a while. This pretty pup's got chops, and I'm ready to take a bite out of this competition. This is a football player. We're gonna be able to tell when he sings or not, but the gut feeling I'm getting right now is that he's not a trained singer. I agree. ♪ She'll only come out at night ♪ ♪ The lean and hungry type ♪ ♪ Nothing is new, I've seen her here before ♪ ♪ Watching and waiting ♪ ♪ She's sitting with you, but her eyes are on the door ♪ ♪ So many have paid to see ♪ ♪ What you think you're getting for free ♪ ♪ The woman is wild ♪ ♪ A she‐cat tamed by the purr of a Jaguar ♪ ♪ Money's the matter ♪ ♪ If you're in it for love ♪ ♪ You ain't gonna get too far ♪ ♪ Here she comes ♪ ♪ Watch out, boy, she'll chew you up ♪ ♪ Here she comes ♪ ‐ ♪ She's a maneater ♪ ‐ Who is this? ♪ Here she comes ♪ ♪ Watch out, boy, she'll chew you up ♪ ♪ Here she comes ♪ ♪ She's a maneater ♪ ♪ Mind over matter ♪ ♪ The beauty is there, but a beast is in her heart ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ‐ Ooh. ‐ ♪ Here she comes ♪ Watch out ♪ ♪ She'll only come out at night ♪ ♪ Ooh, here she comes ♪ ♪ She's a maneater ♪ ♪ Here she comes, watch out, watch out ♪ ♪ Ooh, she'll chew you up, yeah ♪ ♪ Here she comes ♪ ♪ She's a maneater ♪ - ‐ - Whoo! - Whoa! - Unbelievable! ‐ ‐ I mean, what? ‐ ‐ Nick: Wow! That's my dawg. He's amazing. ‐ I don't he's a freaking actor on a TV show. No, no, this is a star. This is a star. That dog can sing. Wow! I don't even know what just happened. Nicole, talk to the dog, please. Was that a record we just heard? That is probably the best vocal I have heard on this show. Right? ‐ You got so much swag. You're my favorite so far. ‐ I‐‐ yeah. ‐ You're my favorite. I think Nicole's crushing on the Rottweiler. Yeah, easily the best performance so far because you are a star underneath that dog mask. We just have to figure out who this star is. Amazing job. ‐ Amazing job. It was great. ‐ Yeah, great job. Robin, were you picking up on any clues? Well, the clues, you know, all seem sports related. A champion fantasy ring and all those things. But I'm a little lost, because I hear a real singer who probably has been on the radio and had hit records. ‐ Yes. ‐ Yeah, I don't think it's a football player because of his height. Unless it's, like, Russell Wilson. He might be able to sing. He's with Ciara. I don't think he can sing like that, no offense. ‐ Well, we might have just found out, doctor. ‐ You're right. If we take out the football reference, I would pick somebody maybe like Brian Littrell, the lead singer of the Backstreet Boys. That is actually what I was thinking. Somebody who naturally has a good voice and could hold his own up here like that, you know? Good choice, good choice. I'm not gonna argue with that. I'm thinking that voice sounded familiar, was on tour with my husband at one point, another boy bander. I'm gonna go with Nick Lachey. Nick Lachey's, like, 6'2". Let's go to another master of height. How dare you? Hello, Mr. Dog. How are you doing? Bow‐wow‐wow. Actually, the clue package, I can't really synthesize all that except because he was bitten by a dog, maybe all that is just a smokescreen to really just cover the fact this is an amazing superstar singer. So when he first strutted out, I was thinking, like, JC Chasez, you know, as well from NSYNC, because he just has that kind of strut. ‐ Indeed, indeed. ‐ Yeah, that's a good point. For me, his vocal style reminded me of either Fall Out Boy or, like, Incubus, like, that whole sound. Or it's‐‐ I was like, "Bruno Mars, come on out here." Like, he sounded‐‐ he had the style of Bruno sometimes. ‐ Right? Fire. ‐ He was lit. Yeah, he was‐‐ he was making it look easy. Like you said, sounded like a record. All right, what makes you the Rottweiler? I'm loyal, fierce, a bit of a wait and see attitude. A wait and see attitude. Wait and see attitude. ‐ Wait and see? How is that a clue, dawg? ‐ Just wait and see. ‐ I'm so confused. Well, one thing we are not confused about, ‐ that was an amazing performance. ‐ Who is this? Ladies and gentlemen, one more time... ‐ Great job. ‐ ...for the Rottweiler. And I'm dying to know who this is. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Rottweiler mask. Who do you think it is? Last season, the Lion was amazing. There's, like, eight lions already. We setting a whole 'nother bar this season, Ken. All right, it's time for the audience and our panel to vote for who they thought won that masked face‐off. Jeez. Vote now for your favorite performer. The singer with the least amount of votes will face off in our do‐or‐die "Masked Singer" smackdown. The votes are in. And the winner of this face‐off is... The votes are in. And the winner of this face‐off is... The Rottweiler! ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ That's hard. That's hard to go up against a Rottweiler. Congratulations, dawg. You get to remain anonymous. Go ahead, head to the tunnel. You outta here. ‐ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ‐ Look at the way he's strutting out. Look at the way he's strutting out. He got, like, a white boy strut. ♪ Who, who, who, who ♪ Ladybug is gonna cry. No need to cry, Ladybug. We still love you. But to stay in this competition and to keep your mask on, you need to impress the panel and win the smackdown. ‐ You can do it, Ladybug. You got this, girl. ‐ You got this, Ladybug. So go ahead and enjoy the creature comforts backstage and await your fate. But let's get to it, 'cause the clock is ticking. Now, perhaps the most colorful face‐off in all of "Masked Singer" history, we've got the Tree versus the Ice Cream. Man. ‐ Here to stand tall until it leaves... ‐ ‐ ‐ ...the Tree! ♪ I do my hair toss ♪ ♪ Check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby, how you feeling? ♪ ♪ Feeling good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss ♪ ♪ Check my nails ♪ ‐ It's so cute! ‐ Yes! ‐ ♪ Hair toss ♪ ‐ It's a lady tree. ♪ Feeling good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss ♪ ♪ Check my nails ♪ ‐ ♪ Baby, how you feeling? ♪ ‐ So cute! She's so cute. I know. And let's scoop it out for a singer with lots of flavor‐‐ the Ice Cream. Hey! ‐ He's got some groove to him, though. Hey! Okay! ‐ I love that costume so much. ‐ Very slim. He's got moves. - It's so good! - He's tall. Tall and slender. Are you all concentrating? It's clue time for the Tree. I love getting dolled up as your favorite tree. But when the season is over, there's no use for me. It's here I sit wishing the world wouldn't ignore that I'm more than just one thing that you know me for. ‐ Aww. ‐ A Christmas star. Someone who's famous for Christmas. Such a shame that I spend so long in exile... That's a TV show. That could be a television star. ...when I could dish out more talents to make the world smile. "Dish out." She's a cook. I'm more than an expert in delicious treats, if you recall. I'm like the old school entertainers who could do it all. So that's why I'm here to jazz up my career and inspire you to think of me more than once a year. "Jazz up," so she's a jazz‐singing cook. I know first impressions are of great importance, so I'm ready to wow with my first live performance. That's interesting. Wonder why they chose to be a Christmas tree. ‐ Is it Martha Stewart? ‐ Could be. ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Shooting for the stars when I couldn't make a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime, but I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Fulfill the prophecy ♪ ♪ Be something great ♪ ♪ Go make a legacy ♪ ♪ Manifest destiny ♪ ♪ Back in the day, we wanted everything ♪ ♪ We wanted everything ♪ ♪ Mama said ♪ ♪ Don't give up ♪ ♪ It's a little complicated ♪ ♪ All tied up ♪ ♪ No more love ♪ ♪ And I'd hate to see you waiting ♪ ♪ They say it's all been done ♪ ♪ But they haven't seen the best of me ♪ ♪ 'ey, 'ey, 'ey ♪ ‐ Yeah. ‐ ♪ Well, I got one more run ♪ ♪ And it's gonna be a sight to see ♪ ♪ 'ey, 'ey, 'ey ♪ ♪ Had to have high, high hopes for a living ♪ ♪ Shooting for the stars when I couldn't make a killing ♪ ♪ Didn't have a dime, but I always had a vision ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ‐ Hey! ‐ ♪ Had to have high ♪ ♪ High hopes ♪ ‐ Come on! ‐ ♪ Be that one in a million ♪ ♪ Always had high, high hopes ♪ ♪ High hopes ♪ Hey! So cute! ‐ That was really good. ‐ She's got chops. ‐ Wow. ‐ Wow! That Tree had high hopes and high notes. Robin Thicke, performance talk with the Tree, please. She's already one of my favorite front‐runners. ‐ From the personality to the outfit... ‐ Wow. ...to the way she knows how to work the outfit. She's completely in character, and I thought it was great. So what are you saying? You don't want her to leaf? ‐ Brother. ‐ Ken: All right, where's the pun police? ‐ I already did that one! ‐ Guys, get the pun police. Pun police. Hello? Yeah, I'll hold. All right. Ken, you picking up on any clues? Someone who's not a singer. Someone who's famous for something Christmas. I think that you are an actor from a Christmas movie. Like, something like "Christmas Story" or "Christmas Vacation." Like Beverly D'Angelo. - I really like that. - Thank you. ‐ I was going off that route as well. ‐ My God, I'm so smart. Really? That's what you were picking up on, Nicole? You are. I can't even make fun of you. I'll go off of the "Christmas Vacation" movie. ‐ I was thinking Beverly D'Angelo. ‐ Yes! And also 'cause she's so cute, I was thinking Zooey Deschanel, who was in "Elf." Zooey, though, I gotta tell you, Zooey has this more of kind of a sultry voice. She's got a smoky, rich voice, quirky tone. This woman can sing out loud. She's a power voice. Pitch pipes. So then I was thinking delicious treats, dish out‐‐ so a cook. So I was thinking Rachael Ray. I like that. Rachael also has a voice that's very raspy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I notice that you're funny, so I feel like you got a little comedy side to you. There was a TV in the clue package, which made me go, "She's a television star." The domesticated part is where I felt out of it, cooking and baking, like to dish out treats. So then I said maybe TV comedic mom. And the one that kind of goes "Whirr!" is Wendy McLendon‐Covey. "Goldbergs," "Bridesmaid's Tale." That could be a good guess. Okay, sounds like there's still some confusion. Tree, what makes you the Tree? Well, I'm festive and fun, and I like everyone to gather around and have a good time. Little bit of a Southern twang going on there. Ken, you get anything out of that? I mean, she sounds older than‐‐ yeah, she‐‐ ‐ Whoa. ‐ She sounds older than young‐‐ ‐ Those hips don't lie. ‐ Why are you taking everything ‐ I say so personally? ‐ Nicole: Those tree balls are bouncing. Looks like a young tree to me. ‐ Those are some bouncing tree balls, Ken. ‐ You're young! - This tree is young. - My God. Yes! ‐ My God. You're a young millennial tree. I am so sorry. It's very confusing. Nick, we're confused. One thing I'm not confused about, that was an entertaining performance. Ladies and gentlemen, the Tree. Our panel thought that one of these celebrities might be under the Tree mask. Who do you think it is? That was tree‐mendous! Tree‐mendous! That was amazing. Hello? ‐ You gonna take that ca‐‐ ‐ Pun police? ‐ I'd like to make an arrest. ‐ Tree‐mendous. I'd like to arrest three people. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to the season two premiere of "The Masked Singer." And now let's get the scoop on a celebrity singer with a tasty flavor all their own. I scream, you scream, we all scream for Ice Cream. I chose to be the Ice Cream because for me, every day is cheat day. But life wasn't always this chill. Growing up, I caught a lot of flak for doing the thing I love the most. No one thought I would amount to much. Even my mom and dad had their doubts. But I believed in my ridiculous dream, and I turned my fantasy into a reality. A fantasy to reality. I mean, that could be BamBam. And now, I've got over a billion reasons to be proud of my hard work and determination. My gosh. This is a mogul. ‐ Karate? ‐ While I am used to performing in front of millions or people, being here is a game‐changer because I'm behind a different kind of mask. He does not have a regular job. This is, like, a YouTuber, I think. But if there's one thing that I'm good at, it's exceeding expectations. And I'm ready to take this competition to the next level. So this person has most of the money. Probably. ‐ You're probably right. ‐ I wonder if they're single. ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ ‐ Yeah, I love this song! ‐ ♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ ♪ I got the horses in the back ♪ ♪ Horse tack is attached ♪ ♪ Hat is matted black ♪ ♪ Got the boots that's black to match ♪ ♪ Ride in on a horse, ♪ ♪ You can whip your Porsche ♪ ♪ I been in the valley ♪ ♪ You ain't been up off that porch, now ♪ ♪ Can't nobody tell me nothing ♪ ♪ You can't tell me nothing ♪ ♪ Can't nobody tell me nothing ♪ ♪ You can't tell me nothing ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ ♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ ♪ Hat down, cross town ♪ ♪ Living like a rock star ♪ ♪ Spent a lot of money on my brand new guitar ♪ Hey! Hey! ♪ Baby's got a habit ♪ ♪ Diamond rings and Fendi sports bras ♪ ♪ Riding down Rodeo in my Maserati sports car ♪ ♪ Take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ ♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ Whoo! Yeah! ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ My God! I've never seen an ice cream ride like that. Yeah! Ice cream! Ice cream! Lil Ice Cream X! I don't know what just happened. Putting some flavor on it. Miss Scherzinger? Only on "The Masked Singer" are you gonna see and Ice Cream riding till they can't no more. Right. ‐ I loved that performance. That song takes a serious amount of drip to perform correctly. God. I'm still on hold with the pun police. If he doesn't win, I just don't want him to go home sorbet. ‐ That was dirty. ‐ We were waiting for it. Yeah, you gotta leave for that one. Jenny, any clues that you picked up on? Obviously, you started off, like, a wild child, where your parents were like, "You're never gonna grow up to be anything!" And then you totally surprised them and were, like, richer than anyone. So that to me is either a YouTuber or maybe somebody on MTV. What's his name? Rob Dyrdek. That's interesting. ‐ Professional skateboarder. Yeah. I was thinking when you're talking about the millions of views, ‐ I do wonder if you are a gamer. ‐ Ooh. I like that. ‐ A lot of YouTuber stars‐‐ ‐ There were headphones in there, too. Yeah. Well, I mean, a lot of times when you're playing‐‐ as a gamer, yeah. So I don't know a lot of YouTube stars outside of, like, the PewDiePies or whatever the‐‐ I don't know. From the headphones, could be, like, a DJ, you know what I mean? ‐ ‐ Like Diplo. Yeah, or maybe Calvin Harris. ‐ Calvin Harris. ‐ That's a good one, dude. Yeah, it's none of them, you guys. I saw emojis in the package. I was thinking Evan Spiegel from‐‐ who created Snapchat. ‐ That's a good guess. ‐ And also in Snapchat, there's a ice cream filter. The thing that we're forgetting from the clue package is he said, "Performs in front of millions of people." So I have a feeling that is is somebody who has a billion, ‐ what do you call it? ‐ Followers? ‐ No, no, no. ‐ Subscriptions? Dollars? ‐ When you download. Not download‐‐ ‐ Jenny: Downloads. ‐ Streams? ‐ Streams. Thank you. We are old. We are very old. Little kids in the audience, fellow millennials like myself, ‐ help us out. ‐ Those kids think it's Marshmello. Marshmello. It's Marshmello. ‐ He's got a different mask on. ‐ Marshmello, yeah. ‐ Maybe. ‐ A lot of names we're throwing out there, Ice Cream. But what makes you the Ice Cream? I'm sweet and everybody loves me. Everybody loves marshmallows. ‐ That wasn't gelato help. ‐ Gosh, I quit! ‐ We are‐‐ we are so sorry! ‐ I'm out! Ladies and gentlemen, let's keep it going. We had a lot of fun with Ice Cream. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the Ice Cream mask. Who do you think it is? I love that Robin is like, "Guys, what is it? Streaming?" I know. I couldn't remember the word "streaming." All right, now it's time for our panel and our studio audience to vote. Vote now for the performer you want to see again. The winner keeps their mask on, and the other singer needs to prepare for the smackdown against the Ladybug. The votes are in. And the winner is... - ‐ The Tree! - Yes! ♪ Check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby, how you doing? ♪ ‐ Tree, congrats. ‐ Whoo! Yes, back to the lair with you, Tree. ♪ Feeling good as hell ♪ Now, Ice Cream, you have a fighting chance to keep your mask on in the smackdown against Ladybug. ‐ Yay! ‐ Go backstage, grab some more sprinkles, ‐ get it together. ‐ I feel bad for Ice Cream. Now, the stage is set for a smackdown between the Ice Cream and the Ladybug. The winner gets to stay in the competition, and the other will be unmasked at the end of the night. So stay tuned and get ready. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to the season premiere of "The Masked Singer." Right now, the two singers in jeopardy, the Ice Cream and the Ladybug, get a second chance to stay in the competition in the smackdown. They both sing, our panel votes, one moves on, the other must take it off and head home. Ha‐ha! It hit your face! It's time for the smackdown, down. Whoo! In this mouth, containing 273 calories in one cup and occasionally causing brain freeze, the Ice Cream! You should look scared, Ice Cream. He's so cute. ‐ You should be melting with fear. And in this mouth, dressed to kill in red, and a featherweight champion at only .02 grams, ‐ the Ladybug. ‐ Yeah! Mi'lady... bug. You two know the rules. No mask grabbing, no biting, no melting all over the competition. The Ice Cream... you go first. Let the smackdown begin! ‐ ♪ Crack that whip ♪ ‐ No way. ‐ ♪ Give the past the slip ♪ ‐ Come on, Ice Cream! ♪ Step on a crack ♪ ♪ Break your mama's back ♪ ♪ When a problem comes along ♪ ♪ You must whip it ♪ ♪ But when the cream sits out too long ♪ ♪ You must whip it ♪ ♪ When something's going wrong ♪ ♪ You must whip it ♪ ♪ Now whip it ♪ ♪ Into shape ♪ ♪ Shape it up ♪ ♪ Get straight ♪ ♪ Go forward ♪ ♪ Move ahead ♪ ♪ Try to detect it ♪ ♪ It's not too late ♪ ♪ To whip it ♪ ‐ ♪ Whip it good ♪ ‐ Dude! ‐ Seriously. ‐ Yes! The Ice Cream up here whipping it. ‐ That was strong. ‐ Come on, Ice Cream. He's cute! - ‐ All right. - ‐ ♪ Well, you're a real tough cookie ♪ ♪ With a long history ♪ ♪ Of breaking little hearts like the one in me ♪ ♪ That's okay, let's see how you do it ♪ ♪ Put up your dukes, let's get down to it ♪ ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ‐ Hey! ‐ ♪ Why don't you hit me with your best shot? ♪ ‐ Now she's moving around. ‐ See? She can sing. ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Fire away ♪ ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Fire away ♪ ‐ Wow. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Come on! ‐ Whoa! That's like a Jamie Lynn Spears tone. Talk about hitting somebody with their best shot. ‐ Wow. ‐ I thoroughly enjoyed both of those smackdowns really hard. Ice Cream, you brought your competitive spirit. ‐ You were meant for this. ‐ God! No! You really, really are. And, Ladybug, girl, you were so fly. You are such a naturally gifted little talent. ‐ I'm so happy you're here. ‐ Yay! But somebody's gotta go home, guys. That's right, girl. All right, panel, time to vote for who you thought won the smackdown. ‐ This is tough. ‐ That's really tough. Ice Cream showed up. And in this smackdown between the Ice Cream and the Ladybug, the winner who gets to keep it on is... ‐ The Ladybug! ‐ Poor Ice Cream. ‐ Yay! Congratulations, Ladybug. You are staying in the competition. Go ahead, fly away. Ice Cream, it might be the end of the road, but the good news is we get to find out who you are in just a matter of minutes. But first, we're finally gonna crack the case of the Egg. It's our first reveal of season two. Don't miss it. Did you figure out the secret identity of the Egg? ‐ Definitely has some grace. ‐ Christian Siriano. I think it's Jonathan Van Ness. No way! What about the Ice Cream? Maybe somebody on MTV. Rob Dyrdek. ‐ Calvin Harris. ‐ It's Marshmello. He's got a different mask on! Coming up, don't miss the first epic reveals of the season. I knew it! I knew it the whole time! ‐ ♪ Who is that? ♪ ‐ Welcome back to the special two‐hour season premiere of "The Masked Singer," and what a fantastic premiere it's been. We're about to unmask the first secret celebrity of the season. Egg, you sang your heart out, but unfortunately couldn't outshine the Skeleton in the smackdown. I'm sorry you're gonna be leaving us, but we all can't wait to see who's under that mask. ‐ Aah! ‐ All right, panel, it's time for your final guesses. Who do you think is behind the mask? Well, first of all, I applaud your courage, and it takes a lot to come out on this show and put on a performance, and I thought that you did a really good job. From the clue package, the one thing that stuck out to me was the snow globe and the costume, and also for the way he moved, his grace and his style. I'm gonna go with Johnny Weir. That's who I think. That's good. That's exactly what I was thinking, too. When I saw that leap and that swan, I was thinking, okay, it could be a gymnast, but gymnasts don't have that fabulousness that Johnny Weir probably has. So I have to agree with Robin. I say Johnny Weir. Or it could be Adam Rippon, but I really think it's Johnny Weir. Ooh, I don't know. To me, the charisma showed more than anything else. So to me, I saw someone who was a TV star with a showman flair. I think it's more of a reality show star, like someone from "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy." I think it's Jonathan Van Ness. Okay, based off of Egg's fabulousness and fashion clues, there was a sketch of a wedding dress, giving me designer. I know that Christian Siriano studied ballet when he was a kid ‐ and he loves musical theater. ‐ You're right. So I'm sticking with Christian Siriano. Okay, panel, you made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. All right, Egg, it's time. Show us who you are. Take it off! Take it off! Please. I'm scared. ♪ Who, who, who, who? ♪ ♪ Who are you? ♪ ‐ ♪ Who, who, who, who? ♪ ‐ Come on, Johnny. Take it off! Take it off! ‐ Need help? ‐ Come on, Johnny. ‐ Come on, let us be right! ‐ Take it off! Take it off! Come on, Johnny! Is it‐‐ yes! We got it right. We got it right. Olympic figure skater Johnny Weir‐‐ and fashion designer and television personality. It's great to see you, Johnny. Now what do you want to say? Well, I have such a new appreciation for what it takes to sing and dance. And, you know, we do, like, 45 seconds, but to remember a whole concert‐‐ all those steps, all the lyrics, make sure your voice is right‐‐ so much renewed appreciation for singers and songwriters. - ‐ Yeah. - We appreciate you. Now, guys, especially, Robin and Jenny, you guys were spot on. He was a trailblazer, you know? And he really‐‐ he rejuvenated and reinvented the sport for many people and‐‐ And I also didn't know many skateboarders that act like you. And I don't know many figure skaters, but I know him, so, you know, kudos. I mean, the swan and that leap, the way he moved. ‐ I gave you a ten point egg. ‐ Whoo! Ladies and gentlemen, one more time. Let's hear it for Johnny Weir, AKA, the Egg. You ready to sing? I going to be your backup dancer. ♪ I've had a little bit too much ♪ ♪ All of the people start to rush ♪ ♪ A dizzy twister dance, can't find my drink or man ♪ ‐ ♪ Where are my keys... ♪ ‐ Give it up for Johnny Weir! ♪ Just dance, gonna be okay, da‐da‐doo‐doo ♪ Coming up, our final unmasking of the night. It's time to find out who is the Ice Cream. Whoo! Dance, everyone. Welcome back to the season premiere of "The Masked Singer." Panel, what do you think of season two so far? We have stepped it up. Man, I cannot think of a better way to kick off season two. This has been actually outstanding in terms of quality of performance. Yeah, I know. You're right. Indeed. And now it's time to reveal who will join Johnny Weir as the first unmasked celebrities of season two. What flavor is he? ‐ I need to know what flavor he is. ‐ He's a mint chocolate chip. Ice Cream, you were amazing, but you didn't out‐sing the Ladybug in the smackdown. The good news is we get to find out who you are. Panel, time to make your final guesses. Whose famous face is about to be unmasked? Well, first of all, Ice Cream, great job. You had amazing energy. I loved your charisma. I loved everything that you presented about this. Judging from what I was saying before, and the clue package, you know, I think you are a digital star. I think you are a YouTuber. I think it's PewDiePie. PewDiePie is a good guess, actually. My son watches that. All right, Nicole? ‐ I was getting the DJ vibes with the headphones and the billion of viewers and online. And he said he's sweet and everybody loves me, and he says, "I'm wearing a different kind of mask," so I'm gonna go with Marshmello. I still like that. Audience likes it. How can Marshmello unveil his famous face when we don't know what he looks like? Jenny? ‐ All right, so this is how I got where I went based off of your clues. Troublemaker as a kid, and then you decided to get into skateboarding, according to my imagination. And then you became a multi‐millionaire, and then you had a TV show called "Ridiculousness" on MTV. I think it's Rob Dyrdek. I wanted to go with Dyrdek, too, but the thing that keeps throwing me from the clue package is "performs in front of millions." And Rob's also not that tall, so I'm just gonna throw another DJ out there who likes to wear bulbous heads. - ‐ I'm gonna go with Deadmau5. - Deadmau5. That's a good one, dude. ‐ That's a good one. ‐ That is a great one. Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. Ice Cream, show us your famous face. I can't wait. I can't wait to see how wrong we all are. Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! ♪ Who are you? ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who? ♪ Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Deadmau5! Deadmau5! I knew it! I knew it! ‐ It's Ninja! ‐ I knew it the whole time. Gamer, Twitch superstar, YouTuber, and personal friend! He knows I'm a fan! It's Ninja! My son is gonna love this. People don't know you as a singer, but you're known to kids and gamers and YouTube fans all over the world. What made you want to do "The Masked Singer" other than come mess with me? Absolutely, man. I just wanted to step outside my comfort zone, man. And my wife and I loved the season last year, so, you know, when the opportunity came and presented itself, we're like, "Yeah, let's just do it." I kind of had an inkling when I saw karate in the package, ‐ and I was like‐‐ ‐ That's what I kept saying. What are some of the other clues that the panel and the audience should have picked up on? Streamers. You know, I'm a streamer. ‐ Yep. ‐ From my performance, the hand clap at the end. The backup dancers, they did, like, the‐‐ the little move real quick. And that's a dance that I do when I win, so... You did an amazing job. I mean, this is not easy. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Were you scared at all? Absolutely, yeah. I don't sing. Like, you know? I can play video games and compete in front of people, but no way, dude. Like, I do not do this. ‐ You did great, man. ‐ You did wonderful. We love you on "The Masked Singer," and we also love your 41 million followers as well. I'll be tweeting out letting them know to tune in. Yeah, my handle's @kenjeong. It'd be great if you follow me, and I'll follow you back. All right, now, to sing us out again, y'all make some noise for my man, Ninja! He's so cute! ♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the old town road ♪ ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse ♪ Yeah, get it Nick! ♪ I'm gonna ride till I can't no more ♪ Come on, Ken! ♪ I wanna dance with somebody ♪ This season on "The Masked Singer," ‐ root for your favorites... ‐ I love you, Rottweiler! ...and meet amazing new characters to unmask. Who's behind the mask? ‐ My God! ‐ No way! "The Masked Singer," all‐new next Wednesday at 8/7 Central on Fox. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 