The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e4 - Another Mask Bites the Dust - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Another Mask Bites the Dust - full transcript 
 Rabbit, alien, raven, poodle and bee each take the stage to perform a second time; Joel McHale joins as a guest panelist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. This is The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Each week, celebrities perform undercover. Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players, it could be anybody. Leaving the panelists... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who is it? And you at home guessing. ‐P. Diddy. ‐Paris Hilton. ‐Paula Abdul. ‐♪ Who is that ♪ This show is messing with my mind. ♪ ♪ Every episode, the weakest performer is eliminated and their identity revealed. Antonio Brown! Tommy Chong! Last week the deer was bucked off. No way! Terry Bradshaw! Tonight, five celebrities compete to stay anonymous. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And celebrity expert, Joel McHale, joins the panel. This is the weirdest show on television. Who will live to sing again? I'm kind of freaking out. And who will be unmasked before your eyes? My God! ♪ Who are you ♪ Please welcome your host, Nick Cannon. ♪ I really want to know ♪ ♪ I really want to know ♪ You guys, who's behind that mask? - ‐My God. - What the‐‐ ‐I mean... ‐You guys, it's Nick Cannon. I can't believe it. ‐Nick Cannon. Who else would wear a crazy outfit like this? Welcome. How you guys doing? Whoo! This is The Masked Singer. ‐Yeah. ‐Yeah. ‐Yeah! ‐Who's behind the mask? I seriously don't know. Between them, our masked singers have 65 Grammy nominations, 16 Emmy nominations, and four of them have already taken their place on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Now, let's say hello to some people I literally look up to. Make some noise for our Robin Thicke. ‐Hey. ‐Whoo! Jenny McCarthy. ‐Ken Jeong. ‐Yeah. Nicole Sherzinger. And our special guest detective, he's back, Joel McHale! Well, five of our masked singers are back to sing for us, but at the end of tonight's show one of them will have to unmask and leave the competition. Whoa! Are you guys ready to get to it? First up tonight, let's look for clues about our furry friend, the Rabbit. Hello again, I am the Rabbit. During my last performance, I bounced to new heights. Wow, he's got a voice. I knew I would thrive behind this mask, and I knocked it out of the amusement park. Welcome, my friends, to my playground, where I worked as a little bunny. Merry‐go‐round, fairgrounds, Coney Island. As a young cottontail, I sought fame and everyone wanted a piece of me, but life isn't always carrots and cream. ‐He was a child actor. ‐Corey Feldman. Could be. I found safety in a group. ‐Boy band. ‐But sometimes not getting to be yourself can leave you feeling boxed in. ‐He's an athlete, maybe. ‐A boxer. Now I'm finding it exhilarating to be on my own. Every week I get to cook up something new for you all. MasterChef. Maybe just bragging that he's a good chef. Tonight, I'm gonna wake you all up and show you I can be the main attraction. ♪ ♪ Did we ask last time about the boy band? - ‐We did. - And what did he say? And he said he's in a band. ♪ ♪ ♪ Feeling my way through the darkness ♪ ♪ Guided by a beating heart ♪ ♪ I can't tell where the journey will end ♪ ♪ But I know where to start ♪ ♪ They tell me I'm too young to understand ♪ ♪ They say I'm caught up in a dream ♪ ‐Wow. ‐Wow, right? ♪ Well life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes ♪ ♪ That's fine by me ♪ ♪ So wake me up when it's all over ♪ ♪ When I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ ♪ All this time I was finding myself ♪ ♪ And I didn't know I was lost ♪ ♪ So wake me up when it's all over ♪ ♪ When I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ ♪ All this time I was finding myself ♪ ♪ And I didn't know I was lost ♪ Get mad, get angry, Rabbit. ♪ I didn't know I was lost ♪ ♪ Didn't know I was lost ♪ ♪ I didn't know I was lost ♪ ♪ I didn't know ♪ Really? ♪ So wake me up when it's all over ♪ ♪ When I'm wiser and I'm older ♪ ♪ All this time I was finding myself ♪ ♪ And I didn't know I was lost ♪ ♪ I didn't know I was lost ♪ ‐Is that a professional singer? ‐Yeah. Yay! For tearing down the stage, Rabbit, give me some, man. Panel, please compliment my friend, the Rabbit. Well, I wanted to say it's not an easy song to tackle, but I thought you did a great job. Your performance‐‐ we talked about this last time we saw him, that, you know, you seem like a very veteran, seasoned performer. I did notice there was a little bit of a twang ‐in his voice... ‐Yeah, a little country, right? ...when he said, "wiser." I heard "wiser." I felt like he was putting that on. No, I think he has a little country‐‐ Okay, so it does change where I might go with who I think you are. You're so, like, fully in it. That's why I love you so hard. ‐You gave us a kick. ‐Yeah. Whoo! Get it! And you showed off your voice as well. Really good, strong vocals. Well, did you guys pick up on any clues during the performance or in the package that might help you decide who the Rabbit really is. Well, there were a few things that came through the package. Maybe it's a boxer who also is a good chef. I use the George Foreman Grill many a lonely night. But I don't really get George Foreman body type or dexterity from you. I mean, I think maybe a possible chef. You did mention that you were a killer chef, but maybe you were a celebrity chef on MasterChef, but not necessarily one of them. You are the greatest rabbit, child actor, celebrity chef, boxer I've ever seen in my life. Ken, did you pick up on anything? No, I really‐‐ I mean, I don't know any of this, like, celebrity chef stuff. I don't think‐‐I don't think any of that matters. I think he's a boy band guy who's done Broadway. I do not think boy band, but I think band. Like, Lady Antebellum, maybe somewhere in there. - ‐ - Rascal Flatts maybe. But remember the clues that you had last time. Yeah, I originally thought Joey Fatone, 'cause he's got a great comedic sensibility. Or JC as well, because in the first package in said synchronized singing. ‐ ‐That's right. There were some NSYNC references. So that's why we picked up on either Joey Fatone or JC Chasez. I toured with NSYNC. Rabbit, have we ever toured together? Ooh. Who is "we"? The group that I was in was called Eden's Crush. I have seen many, many performances in my past, but I will say this‐‐ What? Come on, Yoda. You know what I mean? This is yes or no. Relax. Yeah, relax, Ken. Sorry, bunny. What I'll tell you is, there's just been too many people to remember. So... Did that help anybody up there? Nick, we don't have a clue. What a great performer! Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the Rabbit. Now hip‐hop along. Get out of here. We'll see you later. God, who is it? Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? My plan worked, and I'm so happy I fooled them. They were all so confused, calling me a chef, a boxer. I don't know, next thing I'm probably gonna be a poet, because I like to rhyme and rap. Coming up, the whosungit continues... I've recorded many things. God, who is it? With Poodle, Bee, Alien and Raven still to come. It could be Sherri Shepherd. She would be grabbing my booty if this was Sherri Shepherd right now. And later... Four will sing on, and one will unmask. My God! Snap! ♪ Who's that ♪ We are back on The Masked Singer, where everyone wants to know who's behind the mask. Right now, making a return engagement on this planet, the Alien. Last time, performing in the mask was much harder than I expected. I could barely see, and it hurt to hear some of the comments from the panel. I think your voice sounded nice. That's a difficult song to sing. I don't think you're a professional singer, judging by that. But that feeling of experiencing total anonymity reminded me of being a young child before the whole world knew me and my family's name. Lots of young toys. Cuddly animals, stuffed animals, a snake. You may think I'm out of fashion... You may think I'm out of fashion... ‐Yeah. ‐So ex‐model. But I'm here to rise above all that. Levitating. 'Cause she's successful, so she can rise above it. And tonight, I'm going to push myself to the limit and show you all what I'm capable of. ♪ Dear, I fear we're facing a problem ♪ ♪ You love me no longer, I know ♪ ♪ And maybe there is nothing that I can do ♪ ♪ To make you do ♪ ♪ Mama tells me I shouldn't bother ♪ ♪ That I ought to stick to another man ♪ ♪ A man that surely deserves me ♪ ♪ But I think you do ♪ God... ♪ So I cry, I pray and I beg ♪ ♪ Love me love me ♪ ♪ Say that you love me ♪ ♪ Fool me fool me ♪ ♪ Go on and fool me ♪ ♪ Love me love me ♪ ♪ Pretend that you love me ♪ ♪ I can't care 'bout anything but you ♪ - Yeah. - Nice. Yeah, baby. ‐Yeah. ‐She did? ‐No, no, no. ‐She didn't hit it? ‐No. ‐No? Definitely out of this world. Setting it off once again. Alien, great job. ‐She's cute. She's got‐‐ ‐You haven't seen her face. I know. Panel, experts, talk to her. Whoo, Alien. Looking for fine. Fire! Right? Smoking. I just, I love how you worked the stage again this week, and your tone was actually really sweet. ‐It reminded me of somebody. ‐Really? ‐Yeah. ‐You know? It kind of gave me, like, Jackson vibes. Somebody from the Jackson family. That would be‐‐ that would be interesting. Panel, I need to find out if you guys saw any clues in the performance or the video. The video revealed a lot. Levitation, snake. ‐Right. ‐And, that was right on. Yeah, I didn't quite get the snake. I want to figure out, does anybody have any ideas ‐of what the snake might mean? ‐The snake? I do. I mean, the only thing I can think of is the snake emoji that happened with Taylor Swift, and she kind of had a model squad with her. I didn't get that memo. That was the only connection I could make with that. Well, we did notice that she said you may think she's out of fashion, so she could be an ex‐model that is moving on to greener pastures. We get it, Robin. You know models. Okay, we get it. We get it. How's bragging camp going? Sounds like you guys need some more clues. ‐Yes, we need a clue, Nick. ‐Yeah, we need a clue, Alien. Alien, please, help our panel and the audience out. Give us a clue. Okay. Okay. So maybe she's, like, singer, actress, dancer, model. That's four. I mean, we said the Kardashians before, because we were trying to think of famous families, but she said many sisters in the other clues. - She did. - Yep. That's right. I forgot about that. So she's a quadruple threat, so that means‐‐ Or maybe she's from a group. Fifth Harmony. Yeah, but she said she's a quadruple threat, so that's in an individual. Alien is a quadruple threat. Yeah, I think something we might want to know is: have you ever been a professional recording artist of any kind? That might get us out of just thinking models ‐and sisters and family. ‐Yes. You know, it'd be good to know if that's one of her threats. Ooh. ‐I'll take that as a yes. ‐Come on, Alien. Maybe she recorded a video in the bed. Wait, wait, wait, quadruple threat. Recorded many things. Paris Hilton. Similar body type. Very similar body type. ‐No, she can't move like that. ‐You never know. And Paris can sing and puts videos out, and Paris moves like that a lot. I do not think it's Paris Hilton at all. Nobody thinks remotely Paris Hilton? Nope. No, thank you. Agree to disagree. Well, you guys seem even more confused, so, ladies and gentlemen, one more time, the Alien. We'll see you a little later for our big vote. Awesome job. Lovin' this Alien. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? I thought it was‐‐ I really‐‐ for a second, I really did think it was Paula Abdul. Yeah, it still could be. Is it Paula Abdul, do you guys think? Maybe? No. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ We are back at The Masked Singer, y'all. Who's behind all of these masks? Your guess is as good as mine and our celebrity panel's. So keep on telling us what you think and don't forget to use that hashtag, TheMaskedSinger. And if I'm hearing correctly, a raven is about to chime in about bad romance. But first, watch this and see if it gives you any clues on who could possibly be the Raven. This journey has taken me to places I never thought I would have the courage to revisit. I confronted the loss of my beloved with my last performance. It was like the clouds started to part, and a long‐awaited transformation began. I think it was a very sincere performance. Obviously this song meant a lot to you. Great job. I was once the loneliest bird among all others. ‐Where is that? ‐Small town. And no one recognized my beauty. Until years ago, when a man came to town. He saw me in a new light and took me away from my flock. ‐"When a man..." ‐1968. Who is that, like Tina Turner. I cried tears of love into the Hudson River. Tears of love. I couldn't believe someone finally saw my gifts. Now my wings are unclipped, and tonight my performance is all about my newfound freedom in just being me. ♪ ♪ That cleared up everything. ♪ Caught in a bad romance ♪ ♪ Rah rah ‐‐♪ ♪ Ro mah ro‐mah‐mah ♪ ♪ Gaga ‐la‐la! ♪ ♪ Want your bad romance ♪ ♪ I want your ugly ♪ ♪ I want your disease ♪ ♪ I want your everything ♪ ♪ As long as it's free ♪ ♪ I want your love ♪ ♪ Love‐love‐love ♪ ♪ I want your love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You know that I want you ♪ ♪ You know that I need you ♪ ♪ I want it bad ♪ ♪ Your bad romance ♪ ♪ I want your love and I want your revenge ♪ ♪ You and me could write a bad romance ♪ ♪ I want your love and all your lovers revenge ♪ ♪ You and me could write a bad romance ♪ ♪ Whoa‐‐‐♪ ♪ ‐‐‐‐ ‐‐♪ ♪ Caught in a bad romance ♪ ♪ Whoa‐‐‐♪ ♪ ‐‐‐‐ ‐‐♪ ♪ Caught in a bad romance ♪ ♪ I want to be friends ♪ ♪ Want your bad romance ♪ Whoo! ♪ Want your bad romance ♪ Whoo! Get it! Yeah, yeah. The Raven's got everybody in the building going gaga. My goodness. Yes! Panel, what do you think about the Raven's performance? I honestly thought it was one of the most sincerest performances of the series. There is something raw and honest about what you're doing. Again, it's cathartic. It's more than a competition for you. It's therapy, but really, great job, great job. I don't know‐‐ I have no idea who you are. I don't think that you're a professional singer, but when you sang, I believed it. I sounds like you have a very interesting story, and you've had a hard past. I just commend you for just coming up here and just being so free up there. Now, we know it was an outstanding performance, but you guys are experts. This is a mystery. Were there any new clues revealed that helped you make this choice? I've said that I think I know who you are, and I can almost cry for you, because I know that song really did speak a thousand words for what your heart went through. It was gorgeous. No matter who you are. Yes. From the previous, we got a feeling that she was a talk show host, and then this time we saw the year 1968, we heard that a man took her away from her flock, ‐so bad on him. ‐Sally Jessy Raphael. Could be, yeah. But I noticed Hudson River. ‐Yes. ‐And that was confirmation - of who I think it is. - Wow. I knew that the tears flew definitely in the Hudson River. It definitely sounds like Jenny knows what she's talking about, right? She's picking up on something. She definitely hosted her own show. My gosh, it's Kelly Ripa. No, I really don't think that. Let me say who I think it is 'cause I could be wrong. Yeah. Sherri Shepherd. - That's a good guess. - Yes, I agree. I think she said, "A man took me away from my flock." Flock, sheep, Shepherd? I think we might be on the right track here. I think we might be on the right track. ‐Really? ‐I'm gonna be honest, ‐I know Sherri Shepherd too. ‐Yeah. ‐You don't think it is, Nick? ‐I don't think so. ‐I'm standing next to her. ‐It ain't Rosie O'Donnell. I don't know, me and Sherri Shepherd have a little crush, a little fling going on. She would be grabbing my booty if this was Sherri Shepherd right now. I'm just saying. ‐Okay. ‐Now do you think it is, Nick? ‐A little lower. A little lower, a little lower. ‐Yeah. ‐There you go. Yeah, that's Sherri. That's Sherri right there. Does someone know a specific thing about Sherri that would seal the deal? I did a movie with Sherri Shepherd. I like it, have you ever been in a movie with Dr. Ken? Wait, wait, wait, more like, have you ever been in a good movie with Dr. Ken? Only in my dreams. Ken, you old hound, you. Dreaming about making movies with Dr. Ken. So maybe I'm wrong, too. ‐Maybe it's not her. ‐Maybe, well, I mean‐‐ Or maybe Sherri Shepherd is lying. Well, whatever it is, we're proud of you, we love you. Absolutely, this was definitely a dreamy performance. Yeah. That's a no. Caught up in a bad romance. Keep it going for the Raven. We'll see you later on for our big vote when we find out who has to take it off. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? I mean, are they supposed to tell us the truth though? I did‐‐yeah, I mean, they should, because I did Ride Along 2 with her. ‐I mean, so... ‐But that is her dance. That's how she looks. ‐That was a no. So then let's put Sherri Shepherd out of that category. Yeah, and then you gotta find someone else. Up next, the Bee and the Poodle. Then our audience and our panel will vote to decide who's unmasking and heading home tonight. Only right here on The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back. It is The Masked Singer. You guys ready? This is the show where our singers are already famous. So who's behind the mask? I still don't know, but we'll find out when the singer with the least votes is unmasked at the end of the night. Now remember, there are clues everywhere. Right now, let's look for clues about man's best friend, the Poodle. ♪ ♪ Being onstage last time was so cathartic. I love being anonymous. I mean, I could have been someone you've known for years, and you'd have no idea. You know what, we can't make heads or tails of who it is. I'm excited to be here another week, but I have to be flawless to do this role of the Poodle justice. Justice, okay. She's a judge. Whenever I want to practice new material, I turn to my best friends. Is she a comedian? New material? So she's like a dog comic. Amy Poehler. Why did the apple turn read? It saw the salad dressing. Actually, that's pretty good. I'm gonna use that. So what's the verdict? All right, there's two clues I just got. Verdict, justice? Tonight in my new persona, I'll be soaring to new heights despite it being my biggest fear. So please, catch me if I fall. ♪ ♪ My God, that is so high. I wouldn't do it. ♪ Lying in my bed I hear the clock tick ♪ ♪ And think of you ♪ ♪ Caught up in circles ♪ ♪ Confusion is nothing new ♪ ♪ Secrets stolen ♪ ♪ From deep inside ♪ ♪ The drum beats out of time ♪ ♪ If you're lost you can look and you will find me ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you fall I will catch you, I will be waiting ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ I love it. ♪ You said go slow ♪ ♪ I fall behind ♪ ♪ The second hand unwinds ♪ ♪ If you're lost you can look and you will find me ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you fall I will catch you, I'll be waiting ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you're lost you can look and you will find me ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you fall I will catch you, I will be waiting ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ Yeah! - ‐Whoo! - Whoo! My experts, talk to the Poodle. Well, that song choice Time After Time, about a woman, unrequited love, about someone who's like, "I will be there if you'll catch me." You know, and then someone who's in a robot poodle costume with Phantom of the Opera half naked behind them, it all made sense to me. That is a ringing endorsement from Joel. When Joel says‐‐he hasn't said anything remotely mean, that's like that means he loves you, Poodle. - Yeah. - That's amazing. That was great. I thought that was a very interesting song choice. I especially loved the half‐naked guy pushing you in the swing in the back. All right, all right, all right, all right. It doesn't sound like you're a professional singer, but I think it was nice we got to hear the tone of your voice this week, and you ended strong. Well, there were a few things I really loved about it. I loved the Lana Del Rey swing action that you had going on. Very sweet, and I also noticed something from the lyric about, "If you fall, I will catch you," and I don't know if you're some sort of a provider or a protector of people around you, but I did notice that that might mean something to you. - Beautiful job. - I love it. - Good insight. - That was deep. ‐I like that. ‐We saw the performance. We saw the video. Did you guys pick up on any hints? Well, there were a few things that Jenny and I pointed out to each other during the clue package. I noticed the words "justice." She noticed the word "verdict," and we had talked before about maybe you being a judge of some sort, a television judge. But not Judge Judy, so... ‐I don't know. ‐Or someone that's just judgy. Kellyanne Conway. Someone that's judgy. Is she available? And the workout thing from the first package. Maybe it's Jillian Michaels. That's a very good guess. All right, well, you know what, it's that time. I hate to bark orders, but, Poodle, give us a clue. - Yep. - No. Just like me. Wait a minute, you've been fired many times. My God, it's Kathy Griffin. I see it. She was fired from two networks. Sorry, Kathy. Fired many times, doing anything else for you guys? It could be Omarosa. Could be. But I think Omarosa's a bit taller, and yeah. How do you know? Because we dated, Joel. ‐ ‐Yeah. - ‐We dated for three months. - Wow. Nicole, anything? What do you think? I got nothing. I think we should just‐‐ I mean, I still think just go, "Who are you?" No, you don't do that on this‐‐ You don't do that on this show. I'm very confused by the rules of this show. ‐It just ruins the show, Joel. ‐Okay. Well, I know one thing we will answer. We'll answer how great that performance was from the Poodle. Our panel thought one of the celebrities might be under the mask. ‐Who do you think it is? ‐♪ Hey ♪ The panelists are hot on my tail. They're starting to guess very close. I'm trying to act like I'm calm. I was not calm. I was freaking out. ♪ Who is that ♪ Coming up... That is one of the most famous vibratos. ‐I think I know who it is. ‐Yeah. Thought it was Bee‐yoncé up here. And later... ‐Take it off! The singer with the least votes tonight who must take it off is... How did we get this wrong? ♪ Who is that ♪ Right now we are thrilled to welcome back a singer who stung like a bee last time. Let's all try and look for some clues to find out who this singer could be, what the buzz is, of the Bee. ♪ ♪ Being a part of a show like this, I'm really having a lot of fun. Someone came to sing. It gives me a challenge because I usually watch faces, and they lift me up. That's very true. But actually doing the mask part, I can't see people. It's kinda scary. But I like this show a lot, 'cause I'm singing the music of today. Peaches. I've been doing this since the '50s. ‐She's older. ‐And, you know, I'm not always on what's happening in the world today musically. But it doesn't matter how many awards you have. You have to be willing to flip the script. The script. She could be an actress. I'm singing another modern song tonight. I'm hoping the panel won't recognize my voice. I want them to keep on guessing. ‐Maybe a writer. ‐An actress. Maybe she writes her music. Yeah. ♪ Yeah yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪ ♪ Never had much faith in love ♪ ♪ Or miracles ♪ ♪ Never want to put my heart on the line ♪ ♪ 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise ♪ ♪ Yeah your sex takes me to paradise ♪ ♪ And it shows ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ 'Cause you make me feel like ♪ ♪ I've been locked out of heaven ♪ ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ Whoa whoa whoa ♪ ♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪ ♪ Can I just stay here? ♪ ♪ Spend the rest of my days here? ♪ ♪ You make me feel like ♪ ‐I recognize the vibrato. ‐Me too. ♪ I've been locked out of heaven ♪ Nice. ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ You make me feel like ♪ Hey! ♪ I've been locked out of heaven ♪ ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ For too long ♪ ♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪ Whoo! The Bee is in the building. Get it, Bee. Get it. That was amazing. Wow. Nicole, what did you think about the Bee's performance? There's just, there's such a soulfulness, I always say it, but a real richness to your voice. It really has a lot of weight to it. I thought it was a beautiful performance. ‐I love you. ‐Thank you. There's something amazing about what you're doing tonight, is, like, the fact that you're singing all‐‐ the contemporary hit. Really, great job. Great job. When I saw all of this, y'all moving up here, I thought it was Bee‐yoncé up here. In the video, did you guys pick up on any helpful hints? She did say flip the script, guys, during the package. ‐She could act as well. ‐ One of the hints that I noticed right off the bat was Georgia, like Atlanta. ‐The peach. ‐Ooh. ‐I think I know who it is. ‐Yeah. Gladys Knight. But you also said you knew who the Raven was, too. I agree with Jenny. Does anyone else recognize Gladys Knight's voice? No. How do you recognize a vibrato? That vibrato is one of the most famous vibratos. I was thinking, like, other singers from the time, like Dionne Warwick, or there's Patti LaBelle. Patti LaBelle's hair is definitely represented. ‐Could be Patti's hair. Well, you know what, we haven't heard from the Bee. Maybe we should get a clue from the Bee, ladies and gentlemen. Bee, sting us with something. Take me to court. Take you to court. ‐Take me to court. What? Whoa, maybe she was a member of a band, extricated from that band, and then they're suing the band over the rights to use that name on the road. ‐ I'm kinda freaking out 'cause I think I may know who‐‐ My God, I may know something. I mean, it could be a Supreme. It could be a Supreme. ‐Diana Ross. ‐It could be something like that, people suing each other over the names of the Supremes, and then when the Supremes went on tour and Diana Ross went on tour separately... He is a doctor, ladies and gentlemen. ‐He knows what he's‐‐ ‐I'm not that dumb! I'm not that dumb. Now, you guys really seem convinced up there. I don't know if you're right or not. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the queen, the Bee, working it out here. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. ‐Who do you think it is? ‐♪ Hey ♪ It could be Diana Ross. ‐I think Diana Ross is taller. ‐It could be Patti LaBelle. It could be Dexys Midnight Runners, I don't know. It could not be Dexys Midnight Runners. The Alien, The Rabbit, the Raven and the Poodle are about to join the Bee onstage for our big vote tonight. Four will sing on, and one will unmask. Find out who when we reveal their famous face only on The Masked Singer. Awesome job. Gladys, you rock! Imagine how disappointed she'll be if it's not her. I think it's her. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back to The Masked Singer, ladies and gentlemen. Whoo! And let's hear it right now for our five great characters, the Poodle, the Rabbit, the Alien... ‐Whoo! - The Raven... - ‐ And the Bee. ‐Thank you. The time has come for our studio audience and our panel to vote for their favorite performer. The celebrity with the least votes will unmask tonight and will be leaving our lair and going back to a very nice home. And wherever you are, use that hashtag TheMaskedSinger and tell us about your favorites as well. ♪ ♪ The votes are in. Man. We love you all, but you know how the game is played. Tonight... our masked singer who must take it off is... ♪ ♪ The Poodle. No way. We love you, Poodle. Give it up for the Poodle though. My God. You four, say your farewells to the Poodle. Poodle, you come here. Ladies and gentlemen, the Poodle. Make some noise. Before you unmask, I have to ask the panel, who in the world do you guys think is under this Poodle mask? ‐ ‐God. You know, honestly, I've been a little confused, because there's been a lot of court stuff, and I'm gonna stick with a very fit Judge Judy. Remember the Bay Area clue that one time? Yeah, yeah. And there was a workout thing involved. In the first package, there was a whole LGBTQ vibe going on, and the whole workout, so I said Jillian Michaels. Who is this, Joel? I think‐‐you said Jillian Michaels? ‐Jillian Michaels. ‐Jillian Michaels. Now remember the whole clue about doing standup and all of that stuff. The female comedians. Yes, I think it's a comedian. And Kathy Griffin was on The Apprentice. She was fired there. Kathy Griffin is my choice. That's a good guess. - ‐This is hard. - Talk, Dr. Ken! Female comedian, fired from a network. ‐You know... ‐Go ahead, Ken. I don't know, I don't know. Are you not a comedian? I‐‐‐well‐‐ ‐Chelsea Handler. ‐Chelsea. Amy Poehler. Amy Schumer. ‐Sarah Silverman. ‐Sarah Silverman. ‐Anybody else? ‐Okay, you know what? I think maybe like Joan‐‐ like Melissa Rivers, maybe. I mean, I really don't know. Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you were right. All right, well, it is that moment. We all need to know. The Poodle, show us who's behind the mask. Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! ‐Yeah. ‐Yeah! ‐Take it off! ‐Take it off! ♪ Who are you ♪ Take it off! Take it off! Judge Judy! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Show us your face, Kathy Griffin. ‐Take it off now! ‐Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! ♪ Who are you, you, you ♪ ♪ You ♪ Yes! ‐ ‐My God! ‐ ‐Margaret! My God! Comedian extraordinaire, Margaret Cho! ‐ ‐No way. Margaret! My goodness. Snap! How did we get this wrong? I mean, I wasn't that off. We got the comedian thing right. ‐You were very close. ‐Right? I know, Margaret. I should have known your voice. Ken, I thought you would know. I know, she's my sister on Dr. Ken. I should know that. I know, we're family. And I knew nothing. I'm so dumb. This is a pioneer in Asian‐American comedy. ‐She is the reason... ‐I love you. You are the reason I'm a comedian. Aww. I love you so much. You have no idea. I love you. She is like my sister. You have so many accomplishments. You are definitely one of the people who are Grammy and Emmy nominated. So please, what was it like being in a poodle costume for weeks? I love singing. It's so fun. And I used to actually be a Hello Kitty. It was, like, one of my first jobs, so I thought, I will try this again. I liked the head, and I felt comfortable inside of it. And it was fun, yeah! Next week, our big whosungit mystery continues. Four singers will face off before another famous face is unmasked, but before we go, to sing for us once again, unmasked this time, ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for the sensational Margaret Cho. Margaret! Margaret! ♪ If you're lost you can look and you will find me ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you fall I will catch you, I will be waiting ♪ ♪ Time after time ♪ ♪ If you fall I will catch you, I will be waiting ♪ Yes! ♪ Time after time ♪ Margaret Cho! Whoo! She's so cute. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 