The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All season, these five singers have fought to keep their identities a secret. With one week left till the finale, the pressure is on. This is The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Each week, celebrities perform undercover. I am dying to know who you are. Leaving the panelists... Who is it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And you at home guessing who is behind the mask? ‐Kathy Griffin? ‐Lindsay Lohan? I have no idea who this is. I don't know who I am sometimes. Last week, Alien was unmasked. La Toya Jackson! ‐Whoo! ‐Nicole knew it! ‐I knew it! Finally! Tonight it's the semi‐final and just five singers remain: Peacock, Lion, Bee, Rabbit, and Monster. ♪ Stay with me ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 If you close your eyes, that's a Grammy‐worthy performance. It's double the drama as two celebrities will be unmasked. We have to say goodnight to two of you. Comedian Kenan Thompson joins the panel to help solve this musical mystery. My God, I'm so nervous! Who will make it to the finale... Who are you? And who will be unmasked before your eyes? I don't wanna see their faces. I'm gonna be so sad. Please welcome your host, Nick Cannon! ♪ I really wanna know, who are you? ♪ Peacock! All right, my brother! Yeah, yeah! Hello! Rabbit. The Queen... Going down, ready to be. ♪ Who are you? ♪ What's up, everybody? I'm pretty sure I'm Nick Cannon and this is definitely The Masked Singer. Week by week, mask by mask, we have finally reached our thrilling semi‐finals. Y'all excited? Tonight, for the first time, we're all going to witness not one, ‐but two unmaskings. ‐ Tonight, five will become three. We don't have a minute to waste. So let's check in with our lead detectives in this amazing whosungit mystery, Robin Thicke! Jenny McCarthy. Ken Jeong. And Nicole Scherzinger. And because the stakes tonight are so high, I've asked one of the smartest and funniest people I know, my best friend‐‐ make some noise‐‐ Kenan Thompson. We're best friends. Since Nickelodeon days! ‐Hey, okay. ‐That's right. Now, best friend‐‐ ‐What's up, best friend? Do you know what you are in store for? What's gonna happen? Something bad? We don't know who any of these people are. We know they're all talented. It's gonna be crazy. I'm excited. Now we're gonna get right to it. Well first up, an all‐around showman known for his talent and plumage, the Peacock! Doc. ‐Things are not good. ‐Again with the magic! Last week my performance wasn't my best. Robin felt the song wasn't suited to my style. When you do a smoother song, it doesn't lend to your over‐the‐top ability. The thing is, I'm a perfectionist when I perform. And I hate to let my little soldiers of affection down. That sounds like a clue. I pride myself on being the brightest, most well‐rounded performer of the flock. So this week, I'm gonna give it everything I've got to be the idol that they all deserve. ‐ American Idol. ‐Is it Ryan Seacrest? Clay Aiken. I'm bringing an energy and heat with this song that will have you flying out of your seats. Tonight I'm making it all about you, my beloved peers, because, after all, it had to be you. ‐"Had To Be You." ‐Harry Connick Jr. My God, I'd crap my pants if it was Harry Connick Jr. ♪ ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ ‐♪ Make no excuses now ♪ ‐I love him! ♪ I'm talking here and now ♪ ♪ I'm talking here and now, let's go ♪ ♪ Your time is running out ♪ ♪ I'm talking here and now, I'm talking here and now ♪ ♪ It's not about what you've done ♪ ♪ It's about what you're doing ♪ ♪ It's all about where you're going ♪ ♪ No matter where you've been ♪ ♪ Let's go, hey ♪ ‐Hey! ‐Hey, let's go! ♪ Let's go ♪ ♪ Tomorrow's good ♪ ♪ Tonight is better ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Let's make it happen ♪ ♪ Ooh, let's make it happen tonight ♪ ♪ Let's make it happen ♪ ♪ Ooh, let's make it happen tonight ♪ ♪ Hey, let's go ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ It's now or never ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ ‐Yeah. ‐Whoo! Yeah. Unbelievable. Yes! Yeah. Let's go. Kenan, I see you got your spectacles on. Tell the Peacock how amazing his performance was. Yo, what is happening in here, man? ‐Like... ‐ There's a peacock on stage and he just destroyed it, man. I thought that was beautiful. ‐Was that not great? ‐It was. ‐It was great. ‐That was great. I thought that was his best yet, because he picked the perfect song and he went down to the people. He danced with the people and he got in their faces and really brought the crowd alive. Rocking the stage. This show has now turned into a real competition. And there's no doubt, out of any of our performers tonight, you are one of the ones that are gonna make it to the end. 'Cause you are a showman, my friend. You wanna win. We've heard the words "Who are you?" a lot this season, so I wanna put that question out there directly to you. Obviously without saying your name, ‐ Okay. ‐Peacock, deep down, who are you? Give us something, Peacock. I have dedicated my life to show business. This mask transforms me into another character. It's funny, because at home, my partner would look at me, and I'd be walking through the house like this. And my partner would say, "Let it go. You're not a peacock at home." I know who it is. With the talent. I'm sorry, I'm taking over here. The Peacock has a lot to say. He's been wanting to talk all season. Just so you know‐‐ I've done this before. Keep going, player. That's a hint for you, okay? Peacock! Peacock! ‐I've never seen a peacock so damn talkative, like... And I gotta tell you something. ‐Robin. ‐Yeah. On one of my albums I use "Blurred Lines" as an inspiration. No. It can't be you. ‐No way. ‐Now I'm really confused. You know who that is? It's not‐‐it's not anybody that we think it is. ‐Okay, then it's not. ‐What? What just happened? It's gotta be Weird Al Yankovic. He was inspired by the "Blurred Lines" song which he parodied and released an album ‐four years ago. ‐Man. He just gave me too good of a clue. Hints are being thrown all over the place. Miss Scherzinger, what are you thinking? He‐‐he had me stumped this entire time. And it just‐‐you just got it? When you gave him the mic right now, I was like, "Okay, there he is." Now I know who it is. Do you guys know each other? I think we do. We do. Ooh! Okay, I'm just gonna say, it could be Neil Patrick Harris. There's so many clues, okay. Hosted award shows, likes magic, a child prodigy. I still think it could be Donny Osmond. But when you think you know, then some other clue happens and you know that you're wrong and it just drives you crazy. Guys, do you know who this is? Guys, we've been burned before. It could be anybody. Well, we do know he gave an amazing performance. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Peacock. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Peacock is one of the two singers eliminated tonight, we'll find out. ♪ ♪ Now it all makes sense. I could be wrong, he could have thrown me off, but... My God, I'm so lost now. These other competitors that I'm going up against, they are the best in the business. But I am bringing my A game‐‐ or my P game, I should say‐‐ because I am in it to win it, baby! Coming up... ‐Come on, baby! Four more electrifying performances. There's a monster making us cry. It shows you how crazy, insane, and awesome this show is. - And later... - ‐ Take it off! Two celebrities will be unmasked. My God, I'm so nervous! Take it off! No way! We love you! We're back on The Masked Singer. Our singers faces may be covered, but they can't hide this. The competition for the golden mask has gotten very tense. So before another show business creature sings, let's study this video very closely for any new clues about the Monster. I never cared about the rules of the game. I don't know who you are, but that was a great performance. Until I became a player in this competition. Rules of the game, another game reference. I learned the hard way that it takes just one slip to make you lose your place in the world. He's just trying to beat the game of life. I've been vilified and persecuted for sounding like a ringtone. - ‐Interesting. - But it ain't me. ‐He hit rock bottom. ‐Yeah. Putting on a front made me angry. He lost his cool. And after doing some soul searching, I was ready for something new. It's crazy that having my identity stripped has brought me the comeback I've wanted for a decade. A guy that lost his cool, but then came back. Like, Sean Penn lost his temper. Yeah, Russell Crowe. I've been hiding behind faster tracks until now. I'm finally ready to slow it down. Tonight I'm putting everything I have into this song. I've come too far now to take off this mask. ♪ ♪ ♪ Guess it's true I'm not good at a one night stand ♪ ♪ But I still need love, 'cause I'm just a man ♪ ♪ These nights never seem to go to plan ♪ ♪ I don't want you to leave, can you hold my hand? ♪ ♪ Won't you stay with me? ♪ Wow. ‐Yeah, come on, now. ♪ 'Cause you're all I need ♪ ♪ This ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ♪ So darling, won't you ♪ ♪ Stay with me? ♪ ♪ Ooh, yeah ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ Won't you ♪ ♪ Stay with me? ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're ♪ ♪ All I need ♪ My God, he's amazing. ♪ This ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ♪ So darling ♪ ♪ Stay with me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ My God, Monster! - Wow. - Monster! Monster! Monster! Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have just witnessed greatness from the Monster. Nicole, I think you felt me on that emotion. I see you getting there too. Your voice just cut through your soul, your spirit, your heart. And it's one of my favorite moments we've had on this show. And thank you for that honest, beautiful performance. I was getting choked up watching Nicole getting choked up. To me you're the frontrunner of this. This is the semi‐final round and I am confused, because I just realized, you know‐‐I‐‐ it's‐‐it's not Kenan. I thought it was Kenan the whole time. I was gonna say that! ‐Now I'm confused. - I'm right here. - And he's right here, so I'm very confused. Because it's good singing. Not because of my appearance. You totally surprised me tonight, coming out here and showing your voice, how solid it was. There's a monster on the stage singing a Sam Smith song, ‐making us cry... ‐Yeah. Shows you how crazy, insane, and awesome this show is. Yeah. He brings comedy, he brings a great voice, but this time you broke it all the way down. If you closed your eyes, that's a Grammy‐worthy performance. It sounded like, you know, we were listening to one of the best vocalists in the world. We all got choked up. It was great. And now we wanna hear from the Monster. Deep down, who are you? I'm a father. A husband. A...son. A brother. And, more than anything, I'm a‐‐I'm a person. Aw, man. - ‐Damn. - ‐ Look at all‐‐look, you got the whole audience crying over here, Monster. All right, guys. With everything that you've seen tonight, all of the clues, what have you learned about the Monster so far? Because he's so damn funny he's gotta have an acting or a comedy background, not just a Grammy‐winning voice. And the only one that comes to my mind right now... In the video, very old‐school, from the South, I'm still thinking, like, Jamie Foxx, just because he's from Texas, you know, he started out old‐school, he's a person that can do a little bit of everything ‐really, really well. ‐Really well. ‐It makes a lot of sense to me. ‐ I'm way on the other side of you. ‐Why are you going on‐‐why? ‐Really? Yes. If I go back to all the clues I have... He made his best, some of his best calls ‐on his headset. ‐On the headset. So I thought maybe a DJ because of the headset. Making some calls. Calvin Harris, maybe? If a DJ can sing like that, he'd stop DJ‐ing. But Calvin's also 6'5''. And he's not a father. Feet‐‐I'm sorry, feet are disappearing. ‐Sorry. ‐Feet are disappearing ‐on the stage. ‐Aw. This is when I thought it was Kevin Hart. A voice that just stuck out to me is the, old lead singer of Hootie and the Blowfish, - ‐Darius Rucker. - ‐ That's right. ‐Wow. ‐Amazing singer. Now, Darius Rucker is a very good singer and he said he's a father and he's also a very humble, ‐kind man. ‐But can Hootie dance? ‐I mean, can he dance like‐‐ ‐Well, we just found out. I mean, we've seen him dance. I've never seen Hootie dance. Look. I thought CeeLo Green when he was talking, not when, necessarily, he was singing. All I know is that you sang "Stay With Me," and you can stay with me anytime because I think you're adorable. There it is. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going for the Monster. Monster! Monster! Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Monster is one of the two singers eliminated tonight, we'll find out. He's tough to call. He's tough to call. CeeLo Green. I was thinking the same thing. This mask takes away my name but it's given me so much more. People aren't judging me for who I am but for what I can actually do. Now I just want to stay the Monster and just win this whole competition. ♪ Who is that? ♪ ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to The Masked Singer. Are you guys having a good time? Now let's look for any helpful hints about the true identity of the Lion. Every time I put on this mask, I transform in a way I never expect. ♪ ♪ For the first time, I'm judged only as a singer. You are a true star. Amazing voice. I'm just a lion who wants to be heard. Not the child of my parents, not the empire I was born into. So she's from Hollywood royalty. I was always expected to act the part but I'm not two‐dimensional. So she can act and sing... And, like a true lioness, fiercely independent. ‐Independent and loyal. ‐That's Kelly Rowland, man. Us girls, we run the world. And tonight you better hold on. "Hold On," like a Wilson Phillips song. And keep guessing, because this lion mask ain't coming off anytime soon. I can't figure that out. It's crazy. ♪ Everybody's got a thing ♪ ♪ But some don't know how to handle it ♪ ♪ Always reaching out in vain ♪ ♪ Just taking the things not worth having ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing, mama ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be standing on the side ♪ ♪ When you check it ♪ ♪ Out ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing ♪ ♪ Don't you worry ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing, mama ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'll be standing, I'll be standing ♪ ♪ When you go ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing ♪ ♪ ♪ Turn up! Turn up, Lion. Somebody came to sing! Lion! Lion! Panel. This here's someone big. A huge star that knows how to sing. You brought your A game. And I am dying to know who this is. Kenan, I see you got the binoculars. Y'all look like an old Egyptian painting together. When you're done, just pawn that face mask for a couple extra bucks, you know what I'm saying? Now it's time to hear from the lioness directly. Lion, deep down, who are you? I... am an advocate, not a victim, even though I've been bullied for a lot of my life. A daughter. A sister. I have moments of insecurity, but... to sing in a mask, it completely changes everything that you thought you knew. And you just have to believe in yourself. All right, panel. With everything that we've seen over the season, are you figuring out who's behind the mask? She did mention independent and loyal so independent means‐‐I‐‐ you know, ‐I go back to Destiny's Child. ‐Yeah. I was thinking from the video that it was Kelly Rowland. But then hearing you sing, now I'm thinking it could be anybody. You know what I'm saying? ‐Yes. ‐Like, it's so confusing. She's definitely about Kelly Rowland's height. I will give you that. For a while I thought Michelle Williams from the, body language to the type of voice and I'm sticking with that. Dr. Ken, what do you think? I go for all over the place. Anywhere from, like, En Vogue to TLC to Fergie‐‐ ‐En Vogue! ‐Yeah. ‐En Vogue, in vogue, off vogue. En Vogue, that's the French way to say it. ‐Yeah. ‐He's from France. And then also "Hold On," the Wilson Phillips scenario. En Vogue had a song called "Hold On" too. ‐That's right, Nick Cannon. ‐I don't‐‐ ‐ ‐What do you think? Why‐‐What are you thinking differently? Maybe she's an actress who's just a really talented singer. I said Hailee Steinfeld because of her "True Grit." Ain't no actress can sing like that. What do you mean? She moves and sings like she's been onstage before. This is a hard one. She has definitely stumped us all. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going for the sensational Lion. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Lion is one of the two singers unmasked tonight, we'll find out. That's the toughest one so far. Right? I cannot wait to find out who this is. I know! Up next, let's all look for any clues about who's really under the mask of the Rabbit. Throughout the competition, I've been singing as many different genres as possible to throw the panel off my scent and to prove that I'm a versatile performer in my own right. I love the way that you took one of the most famous songs and made it your own. But I also came here to win. It's the semi‐finals, and there's two unmaskings, so I need to perform twice as hard. ♪ ♪ Whenever I'm under a lot of pressure, I pack up the entire family and head to the great outdoors. ‐All right, loves camping. ‐He goes glamping. We hike through the mountains, going step by step. That's the New Kids On The Block, Donnie Wahlberg. And me and my dad go fishing for big, fat tuna, or, as I like to call it, chicken of the sea. Chicken of the sea, that was a "Newlyweds" reference. Now, after trashing the camp... Trashing the camp, that's every rock star. I'm gonna dig deep because, man, I wanna win this. Yeah. ♪ ♪ ♪ I've got sunshine ♪ ♪ On a cloudy day ♪ Aw. ♪ When it's cold outside ♪ ♪ I've got the month of May ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Well, I guess you'd say ♪ ♪ What can make me feel this way? ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ My God! ♪ Talkin' 'bout my girl ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ ♪ I don't need no money ♪ ♪ Fortune or fame ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I've got all the riches baby ♪ ♪ One man can claim ♪ Without a doubt. ♪ Well, I guess you'd say ♪ ♪ What can make me feel this way? ♪ ♪ My girl, my girl ♪ ♪ Talkin' 'bout my girl ♪ ♪ Even got the month of May ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ ‐So cute. ‐Very good. They're chanting for you. They're putting up the bunny ears. Detectives, what'd you guys think about the Rabbit's performance? I love his little bowtie. You look very dashing for someone in a straitjacket. Miss Scherzinger. This performance was not my favorite performance of yours. I love the sentiment of it, and I thought that we could really hear your voice nicely, but I wanted a little bit more stage presence. Now, Rabbit, we have to get connected. It's the semi‐finals. We need to know, deep down... who are you? I'm very optimistic. When I'm a ways into something I'm 110%. That's why, especially when I came out for this, I‐‐you know, I had to do some sort of character so this was the character that I did. Believe it or not, I have done some sort of work in a costume before in other places, so I'm used to being in it, but never singing. All right, detectives, with everything that you've seen throughout the season of my friend the Rabbit here, are you figuring out who's behind the mask? You know, every week we've had to say goodbye to one celebrity and it's the semi‐finals, we have to say goodnight to two. And it's gonna be so hard because we've fallen in love with you guys. But then again, amazing, 'cause I can't wait to figure out who you are. It's been driving me crazy that I'm starting to twitch at home. Yeah, what is that? ‐Who's the bunny? My husband's like, "What's going on?" And I'm like, maybe this‐‐ it is my husband. Could be. - ‐It could be Donnie Wahlberg. - I'm not kidding. - ‐Right in here right now. - I'm still... Every time I try to call him when the Rabbit's onstage, he doesn't answer. I have a feeling that I might know who this person is. I think it's Nick Lachey. Y'all don't think it's Nick Lachey? - ‐Could be. - Look at the calves. - Lachey calves. - Look at those swole‐ass calves. Chicken by the sea, swollen calves ‐equals Nick Lachey. ‐Right. I don't know. One of our first clues said something about synchronized singing. Yes, we always thought boy band. So that made me think NSYNC. I think it's Joey Fatone. Totally. Totally. Joey would totally do that twitch and stay in character and he's got a great voice. - ‐Yeah. - But I also think there's other boy bands. There's Backstreet Boys. Kevin Richardson. He's also tall. Has the same kind of vibe. Well, we all know that he gave it his all tonight. ‐Yes. ‐So, ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Rabbit. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Rabbit is one of the two singers eliminated tonight, we'll find out. You guys, two of them are going home. Why? Two of them are getting de‐masked. We're getting towards the end. I'm so sad. Why can't everybody win? I chose this song because I hadn't done a ballad yet but the panel didn't love it. I just hope I get another shot to turn this around because this bunny ain't ready to show his face yet. ♪ Who is that? ♪ We are back on The Masked Singer. Later, we will unmask two more famous faces and reveal our final three for our big finale. Now let's all look for clues about the Bee. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ Some of the panel are convinced that I'm the queen - of the Pips. - That vibrato. Does anyone else recognize Gladys Knight's voice? But what if I've been giving mixed messages all this time? Kay... I wanna tell my fans my recipe for success. The Bee is legend. You know, I like baking. And you know that nobody makes a peach cobbler quite like mine. That's Patti LaBelle. 'Cause she makes those peach cobblers for Walmart. But after all these years of hit after hit, it's this Grammy's voice that I'm hoping will lead me to the final. That was a Grammy, wasn't it? Are those the Pips? I am surprised by how competitive I've become as an insect, but I'm really going for it now. So I'm serving up a powerful song by my good friend Aretha Franklin. I'm hoping it will give me the sweet taste of victory. ‐You think Gladys Knight? ‐‐ ♪ Looking out ♪ ♪ On the morning rain ♪ ♪ I used to feel so uninspired ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And when I knew I had to face another day ♪ ♪ Lord, it made me feel ♪ ♪ So tired ♪ ♪ Before the day I met you ♪ ♪ Life was so unkind ♪ ♪ But you're the key to my peace of mind ♪ ♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Like a natural woman ♪ Whoo! ♪ Baby, what you've done to me ♪ ♪ What you done to me ♪ ♪ You make me feel so good inside ♪ ♪ Good inside ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And I just wanna be ♪ Come on, baby! Whoo! ♪ You make me feel so alive ♪ ♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel like a natural woman ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ Whoo! ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel like a natural woman ♪ ♪ ♪ That is a living legend. Right in front of our eyes! - ‐Whoo! - ‐ Wow! Keep it going, ladies and gentlemen! For the queen, Miss Bee. Incredible performance. ‐I know exactly who that is. ‐Really, just‐‐right off ‐the top of your head? ‐1000%. Who in their right mind doesn't know that's Gladys Knight? That's amazing. I've been saying it every episode she's been on. That voice is one of the most familiar voices in the history of music. It's a gift and it's a beautiful thing. ‐I‐‐I‐‐I‐‐I... ‐Ken does not agree with you! On this show, there'll be several times that we're definitely this person... - Right. - It could be someone who is also singing like Gladys Knight that's in a mask out there. But who can do Gladys like Gladys? Is it, like, Patti LaBelle that's singing like Gladys? Patti LaBelle. I honestly think this is not Gladys Knight. I think it's Anita Baker. I gotta tell you, I‐‐I thought for sure I've been right on this show before. She thought somebody was Sherri Shepherd. And I was wrong. So just have an open mind, that's all I'm saying. Well, Bee, can you tell us who are you? I'm a people person. Let me tell you something. Behind this mask, it's difficult. Because I'm cut off, in a way, from you. Aw. I need to see you, I need to touch you, - ‐Yeah. Yeah. - I need to feel you. And that's the way it is for me, whether I'm performing or just walking down the street and saying "Hey." Hey! ‐Hey. There's your proof. That's who I am. It's no surprise, week after week, that you are still here. And I think we will see you at the finals. Give it up, that's a legend standing right there. That's a living legend, all right. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Our final five singers have now all performed. When we come back, we'll find out who moves out of our lair and who moves on to our grand finale. Coming up, the identities of two celebrities are revealed. I'm in total shock. My God, I'm so nervous! A double unmasking that you'll have to see to believe. Who are you? ‐My God! ‐ We were so, way the frick off. I think this is a shock to so many! After a night of performances from the cream of the crop it's time for the biggest vote ever on The Masked Singer. Panel and studio audience, vote now for your favorite all‐around performance tonight. The two celebrities with the least votes will be unmasked and sent home. I know, I feel bad. And that means the other three will face off on our grand finale to become the first king or queen of The Masked Singer. But now the votes are counted. I'm gonna be so sad. And the first unmasked singer tonight is... the Lion. Ladies and gentlemen, but keep it going for her! The Lion! Other four of you head back to the lair, as one of you will also be unmasked later on. I can't believe it. I think this is a shock to so many! You've been amazing, but before the Lion unmasks, panel, tell us your final guesses. - ‐We'll start with you, Jenny. - I'm still in shock. I'm sorry you didn't make it all the way to the end but I do think you are a true star. I feel like you started your career in a girl group. So I think, based off Destiny's Child, ‐I think you're Kelly Rowland. ‐Now‐‐I‐‐don't‐‐ All right. Kelly Rowland, that's a good guess. ...no. Maybe...like a white Kelly Rowland? What makes you think she's white? I think she's white 'cause the tone of her voice. I could‐‐I feel‐‐I feel like it. You never know. But because of the Hailey Times, and we've heard she has true grit, I'm going with Hailee Steinfeld. Slap it on ya like that. I'm dying to know who it is. I think it could be, like, like, Dawn Robinson from En Vogue. ‐You know, I‐‐ ‐In Vogue! ‐In Vogue? En Vogue? ‐No, no, you got it right. You got it perfectly right. You do you. Kenan. I've had no idea what's been going on this entire time. And I still don't. Because I'm basically staring at a fake gold lion mask right now and I... But from seeing what I've seen today, I'm thinking down the Kelly Rowland road as well. I've been going with the Destiny's Child um, for a while. I love Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland. I think it might be Michelle Williams. But no matter who it is, I'm sure that you have a career‐‐ a career either before and after this in music. Okay, panel. You've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. We all need to know Lion, show us all who's behind the mask? Take it off! Take it off! My God, I'm so nervous! Who is it? Who are you? Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! I know a Destiny's Child when I see one! Come on, Michelle! Reveal yourself! Who is it? - ‐I see blonde hair! - Blonde hair! I see blonde hair... ‐My God! ‐Whoa! Actress, singer, superstar, Rumer Willis! ‐ ‐No. Way! I didn't know she sang! Hollywood royalty! ‐Whoo! ‐Yo, that's crazy! It all makes sense though. FOX's Empire. Broadway star. But what made you do this show? I knew how to dance, and I‐‐and I‐‐ everybody kinda figured out that I could do that, but I wanted everyone to know that I can sing, too. Yes, you can. Now, panel. You guys look super shocked. ‐Way off. ‐Way. Everyone was way off. What were some of the key clues that revealed your true identity that we didn't even pick up on? Well, I grew up in Idaho. And Hailey, Idaho is, um... ‐ ‐ We were so, way the frick off with Kelly Rowland, like, it's unbelievable. But that's a testament to your talent. That's Rumer freakin' Willis right there, man. Like, come on. The white Kelly Rowland, ladies and gentlemen. ‐The white Kelly Rowland. ‐She's good, too. ‐White Kelly Rowland. ‐ I'm gonna put that on my resume. From now on, when I watch a Bruce Willis movie, I'll be thinking, "Snap, that's the Lion's dad." That's all he is. That's all he is to me. That's all he is now. Ladies and gentlemen, Rumer Willis! ♪ Everybody needs a chance ♪ ♪ Chance to check out the news ♪ ♪ You're the only one who sees ♪ When we return, we'll reveal our other unmasked singer tonight and find out which three celebrities will make it into the final. ♪ Don't you worry 'bout a thing ♪ We're back with our four remaining masked singers, but only three can move on to our grand finale. And so, our final unmasked singer tonight is... I don't wanna see their faces. I'm gonna be so sad. The Rabbit. I'm sorry, Rabbit! Keep it going for the Rabbit, though. ‐He was amazing. ‐He's so good at it. ‐He's so good at it. ‐We love you, Rabbit. And you other three, say goodbye. - ‐We love you, Rabbit. - You have made it through to the grand finale! Congratulations, Peacock, Monster, and Bee! Next time one of you will be crowned the winner of The Masked Singer. Now, we all love you, Rabbit. - ‐You've entertained us. - ‐ You made us dance. You made us smile. And some people are on the verge of tears right now. Baby. Don't‐‐aw, Rabbit. Don't cry. ‐Don't cry, buddy. ‐Rabbit... But I have to definitely admit we cannot wait to see who you are. ‐Whoo! ‐Panel. Any final guesses about who's behind this mask? I said earlier that I felt like it was Nick Lachey just because of the swole‐ness of it all. - ‐The muscles. - Yeah. ‐You are crazy. ‐No way. - Ken. - Kinda like what I said earlier on, someone tall from a boy band that no one's thinking of, like Kevin Richardson - ‐from Backstreet Boys. - ‐ So I'm gonna double down on that. ‐No. ‐He's a very funny guy. He's got a great personality. I just see, from the physical traits, Joey Fatone. I don't‐‐I really don't think it is. ‐Nicole. ‐I feel like it‐‐it's Joey. Like Robin said, the personality. He's nice to everybody. Joey's just one of the‐‐ he lights up a room. See, I thought Joey, but then I think‐‐ I think I'm being fooled and that's Donnie Wahlberg. Hey, baby, just do this if it's you. ‐It could be. ‐You don't know your own husband? By the way, if it is you, honey, it's Ken's fault that you're leaving. All right, now that the panel have made their final guesses, Rabbit... show us all who's behind the mask. Finally! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Whoo! Yes! Take it off! Take it off! Who are you? Take it off, Joey! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Ladies and gentlemen, Joey Fatone! ‐It's Joey Fatone! ‐ We love you! ‐ ‐It's Joey! Superstar... Joey! The man who does it all and who rocks the stage. It's so good to finally see you, man. One more time for the Rabbit. What the... am I doing? There's a Monster, there is a Bee. This is some crazy. I'm so impressed with what you've done with your character and everything you've done ‐on the show, Joey. ‐Yeah, you did great, man. Yeah. Thank you. Now what were some of the key clues that maybe we didn't pick up on, or some that we did? Right, um, well, the magician, when I was younger I wanted to be a magician. I know a little bit of sleight of hand. ‐Nicole. ‐I know a little bit of sleight of hand and fun stuff like that. So, essentially, he is a magician. ‐He is a magician. ‐What was the other one? ‐Synchronized singing was... ‐NSYNC. That was, like, the first package ever. ‐That's not hard. ‐ Tell me a little bit about your perspective from inside the mask. When I did the first song of "Living La Vida Loca," and the rehearsal, and I stopped, I was like, ‐Get me out of this thing. ‐Yeah. I got very claustrophobic. And lately, as I got older, for some weird reason, ‐I've been claustrophobic. ‐Wow. This, actually, has kind of overcome that for me. ‐Which is crazy. ‐That's awesome. Yeah, word. Congrats, man. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the artist formerly known as the Rabbit. But before we go, to sing for us again, ladies and gentlemen, Joey Fatone! ♪ I guess you'd say ♪ ♪ What can make me feel this way? ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ My girl. ♪ Talkin' 'bout ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I've got sunshine on a cloudy day ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I've even got the month of May ♪ ♪ My girl ♪ Next week, the final three battle it out one last time for the golden mask. You are gonna be very tough to beat, my man. The Masked Singer can have only one winner. ‐Who are you? ‐What? Who will be the last mask standing? Take it off! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 