The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 For the last 8 weeks 12 celebrities have performed undercover. ♪ Ooh ♪ They've wowed us with their voices. You've got me thrown off. And they've left all of us guessing. ‐Paris Hilton. ‐Meghan Markle. ‐P. Diddy? ‐Raven‐Symoné. One by one their identities have been revealed. - ‐My God. - Tommy Chong! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Tori Spelling! Margaret Cho! La Toya Jackson! Joey Fatone! Rumer Willis! Now, the mystery comes to an end. At this point, I'm losing my mind. This is "The Masked Singer" finale. Tonight, the three remaining masked singers perform one last time. ‐Turn up! ‐Whoo! Monster. I'm ready to win. I want it so bad, I can taste it. Bee. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The competition is fierce, but so am I. And Peacock. Winning would mean everything to me. It's finally time to find out... Who are you? Who is the masked singer? ‐No way! ‐Are you kidding me? ‐Wow. ‐I told you! This is exactly what this show is about. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our original 12. ♪ Steady on my grind and got no time to playing games ♪ ♪ Money on mind I'm kicking as I'm taking names ♪ ♪ The heat is on get out the kitchen ♪ ♪ If you can't handle the flames ♪ ♪ I'm hustling I was born to win ♪ ♪ Ain't never gonna change ♪ ♪ Let me tell you now ♪ ♪ I don't know how ♪ ♪ But the whole world's gonna know my name ♪ ♪ Just wait and see ♪ And now give it up for your finalists. ♪ Are you ready ♪ ♪ Are you ready ♪ ♪ Ready make way cause I'm coming through ♪ ♪ Are you ready ♪ ♪ Make way for me ♪ ♪ You're gonna be legendary ♪ Whoo! Yeah! That was legendary! I'm your host, Nick Cannon, and it's time to make way for our first ever grand finale of the greatest whosungit in TV history, "The Masked Singer"! Yeah! We began with 12 celebrity singers, each talented in their own right, but our long masked journey together has brought us to this moment right here. Tonight, our top three‐‐ the Peacock, the Bee, and the Monster‐‐ will face‐off in competition, and by the end of this show, all the mysteries we pondered week by week, mask by mask, will finally be answered. We'll find out who will be the king or queen of the golden mask. And now, let's hear it for our high and mighty panel of pop culture detectives. Make some noise for Robin Thicke, Jenny McCarthy, Nicole Scherzinger, Ken Jeong, and back once more, my buddy, my brother from another mother, Kenan Thompson! Kenan! First up, let's peck around for some final clues from our man the Peacock. The first time I strutted onto the "The Masked Singer" stage, I felt 100% at home as the Peacock. ♪ Tell me do you want to go ♪ ‐Yes! ‐Whoo! Performing in this mask has made me fearless. People cannot judge me based on what they've read, what they've seen, or what they've heard about me. ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ I am free. In my career, I have done it all. I can sing, dance, act, host. Broadway star. And I have lived nearly every dream I've had. Ricky Schroder? The key to my success is this, I don't relax. When I go home at night, I walk in the door walking like a peacock. I'm always thinking about how to improve. I watch videos of my performances, I go through the vocals in my mind over and over again. Studies the game tape like any good peacock. I am a perfectionist, and I love, and I hate it. He's a hard worker, and it's paying off. He's in the finale. On this stage, I became the Peacock. Now the only question I have is, "Can I also become the champion?" Winning would mean everything to me, and I am more determined than ever to finish my comeback with another feather in my cap. Peacock's done a little bit of everything. He's a LeBron James of peacocks. ♪ ♪ - Come on, Peacock! - Yes! ♪ Well I heard about the fella you been dancing with ♪ ♪ All over the neighborhood ♪ ♪ So why don't ask me baby ♪ I love this song. ♪ Or didn't you think I could ♪ ♪ Well I know that the boogie woogies out of sight ♪ ♪ But the shing a ling tonight ♪ ♪ It could happen with me and you baby ♪ ♪ I'm gonna show you how to do it right ♪ ♪ Do it right ‐♪ ♪ Do it right ♪ ♪ Do it right do it right ♪ ♪ Do it right ♪ ♪ Shake it shake it shake it shake it ♪ ♪ Shake it baby ♪ ‐♪ Here we go loop de loop ♪ ‐♪ Loop de loop ♪ My God! ♪ Shake it off baby ♪ ♪ Here we go loop di lie ♪ ♪ Bend over let me see you shake your tail feathers ♪ ♪ Bend over let me see you shake your tail feathers ♪ ♪ Come on let me see you shake your tail feather ♪ ♪ Come on let me see you shake your tail feather ♪ My God. I love him. - Whoo! - Wow. Come on, Peacock! ♪ And do the fly ♪ ♪ Ha ha ha ♪ ♪ Do the swim ♪ ♪ And do the bird ♪ ♪ Bend over let me see you shake your tail feathers ♪ ♪ Come on let me see you shake your tail feather ♪ ♪ Come on let me see you shake your tail feather ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐Come on! ‐Look out! You got it! Shaking his feathers all over the place. I can't think of a better way to kick off the final three than your performance tonight. What I love about you is I really feel you care, and that makes all the difference. That's what separates you from everybody else. I am truly humbled just to be standing here for the final three. I had no idea that I would be here. Nick, I gotta tell you something. He's not gonna give back the mic. I have been in show business a long time, but this probably the most fun thing I've ever done. Wow. That says a lot. Who do you think could possibly be under here? So he's hosted award shows, we've seen a rainbow flag clothing. Okay, he's performed in Vegas. He's been part of a magic act before. He's a child prodigy. Yes, he's performed for kings and queens. We kept guessing Neil Patrick Harris. And I'm telling, if he's not, I'm gonna jump down that stage and just impale myself on your beak. Because at this point, I'm losing my mind if you're not him. Ken, what about you? Honestly, I have nothing in my brain. ‐I have more. ‐That's a first. Besides Neil Patrick Harris, I have Donny Osmond, who seems like‐‐you know... We've got a lot of Vegas. And then Harry Connick Jr. Harry Connick. I could be way off, but once he said he was inspired by "Blurred Lines," I know that this person put out an album a few years ago that went number one, parodying "Blurred Lines." And that's "Weird Al" Yankovic. Boom! Wow. That's interesting. Magician. Magician. Vegas residency. Either I'm way off or I'm real close. "Weird Al," come on! If that's "Weird Al," he has the voice of baby Jesus and Fergie. He's a trained dancer. He plays accordion, piano, Vegas. - ‐"Weird Al's" tall though! - It's a great guess, but I don't think it's "Weird Al." That's why this show is crazy! It makes you crazy. I'm gonna say something that I'll also say to the Bee and the Monster. You are my favorite and you're gonna win it all. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the amazing Peacock! I want this so badly. Winning would mean everything to me. Coming up Go, Monster. The battle for the golden mask continues. Man, this is tough. And later our remaining singers are finally unmasked. It is my honor to present you, our champion... Who are you? ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back to the finale of "The Masked Singer." The competition is red hot with our top three, all of whom will be revealed tonight. Up next, I love this lady, but let's get to know her even better. The Bee! This show has been such a challenge. I was a little nervous in the beginning. I was like, "My God. Can I really do this?" And so I just said my prayer and went on out there. ♪ I'm gonna swing ♪ It was a whole new set‐up to sing all those modern songs and they not know who you are. ♪ From the chandelier ♪ She's sounds amazing! My God. Makes me want to cry. We bow down to the queen. I've been entertaining people for almost, almost 70 years, but I've never done anything quite like this. Everything was totally different. This is must be so out of her league. But I came on this show determined to connect with a new generation. After all these years, she still stretches herself. I've learned that you can do whatever you set out to do if you give it the dedication you need to make it work. She's got a bit of a renaissance, really. Well, I've come this far, and I want win that golden mask to prove that music is universal. It really isn't about age. That mask is mine! They don't make 'em like that no more. Just so full of grace. ♪ ♪ Ooh. That's a good song right there. ♪ ♪ It's so pretty. ♪ ♪ ♪ Turn down the lights ♪ ♪ Turn down the bed ♪ ♪ Turn down these voices ♪ ♪ Inside my head ♪ ♪ Come lay with me ♪ ♪ Tell me no lies ♪ ♪ Just hold me close ♪ ♪ Don't patronize ♪ ‐♪ Don't patronize me ♪ ‐ ♪ 'Cause I can't make you love me if you don't ♪ Beautiful, beautiful. That's gorgeous. ♪ Your heart feel something it won't ♪ ♪ Here in the dark ♪ ♪ These final hours ♪ ♪ I will lay down my heart ♪ ♪ I feel the power ♪ ♪ But you won't ♪ ♪ No you won't ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't ♪ ♪ Make you love me ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ If you don't ♪ Wow. When it's special, it's special. Yeah! Amazing! You definitely made me love you. Panel? Your experience as a vocalist, you're experience as a performer is exactly why you are in the season finale of "The Masked Singer" tonight. Thank you so much. You do everything in your own timing, so it's almost like we've heard the song but we've not ever heard it until you've done it, like, in your own way. It was beautiful. What I love about music and the reason that I make music and sing music is because you dig so deep into your own soul, but when you sing there's always a hope and a light at the end of that tunnel, and I feel that every time you sing. Well said. Well said, Robin. Absolutely. Kenan Thompson, who‐‐ last episode was just blurting out who he thinks the Bee is. Yeah, I'm just confident like that when I think I know. Tell her again about tonight's performance, my brother. I mean, I would just like to say that it was unbee‐Gladys Knight‐able. It really was. I think it's pretty obvious. ‐Yes. ‐No way. Ken, you got something? Yeah, I mean, I'm really‐‐ I got some strong convictions. I'm putting all these clues together. I think it's Anita Baker. All right. ‐‐ ‐What? Stop laughing. Respect me! Everyone thinks I'm a joke. Not true. Right? That's not true. Miss Bee, what would you like to say to say to our amazing audience, and panel, and everyone at home? I've always been a people person. I love each and every one of you. As far as the judges are concerned, the respect that I have in my heart just takes it to a whole other level. ‐I love you, guys. ‐We love you. And to the Bee! So humble! One more time for the Bee! ‐Standing O. ‐ ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ We're back on the grand finale of "The Masked Singer," and tonight all of our whosungit mysteries are finally being revealed, and that means all those family fights out there about who's behind the mask will be finally be over. Now let's look for some final clues about the Monster. ♪ I don't wanna be anything other than ♪ I never knew who I was until I put on the mask. You're absolutely one of my favorites. It's given me freedom. My God! Monster! I get to be who I want to be when I'm in the suit. I think we have just witnessed greatness. This whole set is the most amazing few weeks that I've had in, like, the last 12 years. It's a clue. He's been in the business 12 years. Nobody would listen to me without this mask on, but now I can showcase my true talent without being judged for who people think I am. ‐Aw, I love it. ‐Did anybody say Tyrese? He's been emotional lately. I've gone from hiding in a cave to being in the finals. Some of his cadences when he speak does remind me of CeeLo. And now that I've made it this far, I want to take it all the way and win. I guess I've always been the Monster, and that's just fine by me. I hope I've shown there can be beauty in anything, even if it's a little bit different. Thank you for giving me another shot. Whoever he is, I think we're gonna freak out. ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ La la la la la la la ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ It's Friday night ♪ ♪ And I feel all right ♪ ♪ The party's here on the West Side ♪ ♪ So I reach for my 40 and I turn it up ♪ ♪ Designated driver took the keys to my truck ♪ ♪ Hit the shore 'cause I'm faded ♪ ♪ Honeys in the street say Monty yo we made it ♪ Go, Monster! ♪ It feels so good in my hood tonight ♪ ♪ All the gang bangers forgot about the drive‐by ♪ ♪ You gotta get your groove on before you go get paid ♪ ♪ So tip up your cups ♪ ♪ Let me hear the party say ♪ ♪ I'm kinda buzzed and it's all because ♪ ♪ South Central does it like nobody does ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ I'm kinda buzzed and it's all because ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ South Central does it like nobody does ♪ ♪ To all my neighbors you got much flavor ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ ♪ Lets flip the track bring the old school back ♪ ♪ This is how we do it ♪ Whoo! - Wow. - No way! Monster! Wow! This is how we do it! I am totally blown away, Monster. Let me tell you. From day one we've immediately fallen in love with your talent, your sense of humor. Last week, you made us cry. Today, you made us stand up and cheer. You brought it home, Monster. It takes a lot to get out there and be able to sing in, like, a furry trash can. It's not easy to sing rap like Montell Jordan, 'cause it takes a lot out of you. And then doing the Russian squat jumps that you were doing. You know, you bring a lot of heart to the show. Aw, that's awesome. That's awesome. It feels so good to be able to do what I love and be able to do it freely. I've always wanted to perform without the fear of being judged. You know, besides the judges. But you guys treated me with the utmost respect and that's really hard to come by in the industry that I'm in. And since I first hit the stage I've been in dire need of a second chance, and I think you guys gave it to me with "The Masked Singer." Aw. ‐Powerful story. ‐I love him so much. He's making me cry. ‐She's crying for real. ‐I am. Panelists, what have you all learned about the very entertaining Monster? Monster's been the most difficult for us. From golfer, to DJ, to sports caster. ‐We've been really lost. ‐Yeah. From a lot of the other costumes you can get a sense of the physicality. The voice is so soulful and seasoned, I think it might be Jamie Foxx. I thought Jamie as well. He's the only one who has the happy feet, who's got the sense of humor, but I don't think that's Jamie's voice. That's the only guy who could change his voice if he wanted to and keep us entertained in a monster outfit. I feel like he's gruffier though. Tyrese Gibson, maybe. ‐Ooh, that's a good one. ‐Not bad. Only 'cause of the emotion. But what he just said he hadn't got any respect before, it makes me think that maybe he had a setback, and I'm just thinking, like, acting career. Like, maybe Terrance Howard or something like that. - ‐What? - You know, I don't know. Is this Lucious Lyon? Is Lucious in here? I think you're an athlete. I still say that microphone looks like a golf club. Maybe it's Tiger Woods. He needs a second chance, so... Second, third, fourth. We've been through everybody. Whoever it is, one thing we do know they gave us an amazing performance. That's right. Keep it going for the Monster! I don't know who it is! It's gonna drive me crazy. I'm feeling pretty confident. I'm gonna be the last mask standing. I know for a fact that I want it more than anybody else, and that's all the attitude you need. Coming up... All three finalist will take it off. ‐What? ‐What? I can't take it anymore. And the winner of the golden mask will finally be revealed. Who's behind the mask of our champion? ‐No way! ‐Wow! - ‐Are you kidding me? - I was right! Yeah. We're back on "The Masked Singer" finale. The time has come for our panel and the studio audience to vote for their favorite. One of these singers will win this competition and have the right to take home our golden mask, and put it next to all their other awards. Wow. Whoo! Peacock, Monster, and Bee, you all should be very, very proud of how far you've come. Very. Now we're gonna reveal you one by one. Starting with the singer in third place. The votes are in. Coming in third is... My God. Look at one‐eyed Monster. ♪ ♪ My God. ♪ ♪ The Bee! Aw. My God. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going for the Bee. My God. I thought it'd be the Peacock. You guys, get out of here. Await your fate. One of you will be crowned champion later on. Bee, step on down here to center stage with me. Whoo! I bow down to you. But before the Bee unmasks once and for all, panel, what are your final guesses about who's behind the mask? With a voice like that it's pretty hard not to hear who it is. Yeah, it's a voice from God. When I heard you sing, I knew within a half of a second who you were. Seriously, and then, like you said, you started your professional career in the '50s. ‐And the Georgia peaches. ‐Yeah, that's right. Well, it sounds like our panel is in agreement. Y'all wanna say it at once? ‐Yes. ‐Sure. One, two, three. - Gladys. - Anita Baker. Stop that, Ken. Seriously, I think it's Anita Baker. - ‐I really do. - All right. I really do. Stick with your guns. Are you guys ready? The panel have made their final guesses. So, Bee, show us all who's behind the mask! Take it off! Somebody needs to help her, it's Gladys Knight. Who are you? Show us your face! ♪ Come on and tell me who are you ♪ ♪ You you who are you ♪ The legendary Gladys Knight! Yes! I told you! I told you! Yes, baby. My goodness. Hey, y'all! Yes! Yes! Okay, Kenan, congrats. ‐I told you! Look how beautiful she is. You guys were right. Gladys! Gladys! Gladys! Except for Dr. Ken. Yep. Nope. Nope. Wow. Wow, it is such an honor, such a pleasure. You may not remember this, you are the first entertainer celebrity superstar that I have ever met. ‐I was a kid in North Carolina. ‐I remember you. And you took the time out to tell me how special I was and that I could make it, and to be standing next to you right here is insane. I love you so much. But we all have to know‐‐ I got some sugar too! I got some sugar. You lucky dog. ‐He jealous. Robin, don't get jealous of my sugar. I want a Gladys Knight smooch. Why would you do a show like this? Because we should always strive to do different kinds of things because they elevate us eventually. That's right. Preach! Now, what did you learn being inside that Bee costume? It was kind of difficult for me because, first of all, you can't see nothing. The eyes are so important. You know, just, just seeing you guys here. Look at me. Let me look at you. Let me look at you, and you, and you. You know? That's what gives me courage. Absolutely. The cool thing about you‐‐ there were so many clues. You had everything from cooking, you had everything from, you know, the peaches. Patti can't cook. Patti can't cook. Not like Ms. Gladys. Not like me. I taught her everything she knows. She taught Patti everything she knows. You heard it here. We love you so much, and, like, all of us, we are just in awe of you right now. Now take off the Gladys Knight mask and show us the Anita Baker that we want this to be. Cousin Kenan. Well, as the resident black judge... You know good and well how heavy you are in the culture, you know? Thank you. Because that voice has graced my life, my parent's life, and, like, every single family member I've ever had. And I think it's an unbelievable feeling to be able to have witnessed this. I can't thank you guys enough for having me on the show. ‐It's been incredible. ‐Me too. You're welcome. Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it one more time for Ms. Gladys Knight to sing for us once again! Whoo! ♪ 'Cause I can't make you love me if you don't ♪ Whoo! ♪ And I can't make your heart ♪ ♪ Feel something it won't ♪ ♪ Here in the dark ♪ ♪ In these final hours ♪ ♪ I will lay down my heart ♪ ♪ I'll feel the power ♪ ♪ But you won't ♪ ♪ You won't ♪ ♪ And I can't ♪ ♪ Make you love me ♪ ♪ If you don't ♪ We'll be back to see who takes home the golden mask, The Peacock or the Monster, and who they really are. Thank you, guys! ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back! It's all down to this. We're about to reveal the winner of "The Masked Singer." ♪ ♪ Will it be the Peacock? The show biz vet who wowed us all season with his fabulous energy? Or will it be the Monster, who emerged from his cave for one big comeback? My God, this is it! All the votes are in, and we love you both, but "The Masked Singer" can have only one winner. ♪ ♪ And that winner is... ♪ ♪ ‐It's a close call. ‐Scared. I'm scared. ♪ ♪ The Monster! Monster, congratulations! ♪ I don't wanna be anything other than ♪ You are the king of "The Masked Singer." ♪ ♪ ♪ I don't wanna be ♪ Please make your way to your throne. You are the winner of the golden mask! We are moments away from finding out your true identity. But first, who is the Peacock? Aw. I bet you were so close. I bet it was. Peacock, we love you too! - ‐Whoo! - All right, gang. I need your final answers. Who on earth do you think the Peacock really is? There were so many things from the‐‐ performing for kings and queens, he's also a magician, tap dance, ballet, and he mentioned that he was inspired by the "Blurred Line" song, which he parodied and released an album four years ago. So I'm gonna stick with my otherworldly guess of "Weird Al" Yankovic. It's actually a really great guess, and it's been driving me crazy all of these weeks trying to figure out who you are because you're so talented and you're a perfectionist. And I know that there's a lot of artists that are, but, child prodigy, knows how to play the piano, award shows, so I'm gonna go with Donny Osmond. Or Neil Patrick Harris, but I can only pick one. All right, all right. Man, this is tough. This is really tough. Like Jenny, to be brutally honest, it's a toss‐up between Neil Patrick Harris and Donny Osmond. It's hard to get out of your head once you have it in there. It's really hard, yeah. Okay, I'll pick Neil Patrick Harris, because I just think he's good at everything. He plays cards. You know, he's magic. I'm going with these two over here on the right. It's either Neil or Donny. I'll just go with Neil Patrick Harris. - Okay. - Good guess. Lot of Neil Patrick Harrises up there. Kenan Thompson. I think I'm gonna go with "Weird Al" Yankovic. Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses, and after eight weeks it's time to finally reveal the Peacock. Peacock, show us all who's behind the mask. ♪ Who are you ♪ Take it off! Who are you? ♪ Who are you ♪ ♪ Who ♪ Just take it! ♪ Who ♪ ♪ Tell me who are you ♪ "Weird Al," "Weird Al." Donny Osmond! Donny Osmond! My God. It's superstar Donny Osmond! ‐ NICK: My God! Donny Osmond! Jenny! Of course it's you. One of the greatest entertainers of our generation. Stage, film, music, television, over 80 million records sold. ‐ ‐Word. Word. I'm so glad I didn't let that go. What in the world would make you do a crazy show like this? Because it's fun! ‐Yes! ‐Yeah! Exactly! I had the time of my life here, man. It's the best thing in my life. It's better than being Donny Osmond! ‐ ‐Right? Come on. That's saying a lot. I've known you for a long time. We go way back, Jenny. Way back, and I know that you're such a professional. And you were amazing, and it made me cry literally. I want you to know I've been Vegas every night that I've been doing this too. ‐What? What? ‐What? He's been leaving here, jumping on a plane, and going to Vegas. ‐That's amazing. ‐No. Again. Are there any big clues that we may have missed that could have gave it away? The wig. Did you get the wig? What was the wig? That's the wig I wore in "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat." Joseph gets thrown into jail. I knew it was something like that. Right now, let's hear it one last time for our amazing runner‐up. Give it up for Donny Osmond! ♪ Well I know that the boogie woogie's out of sight ♪ ♪ But the shing a ling thing tonight ♪ ♪ It could happen with you and me baby ♪ ♪ I'm gonna show you how to do it right ♪ ♪ Do it right ♪ Look at him. Look at him. ♪ Do it right do it right ♪ ♪ Do it right ♪ ♪ Shake it ♪ ♪ Shake it shake it shake it shake it baby ♪ ♪ Here we go loop de loop ♪ ♪ Shake it up baby ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ The artist formerly known as the Peacock! Coming up, the moment we've been waiting for. It's time to find out who is the Monster. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back to what's been an amazing "Masked Singer" grand finale. After eight weeks of electrifying performances, we all found out together that the Monster is the king of "The Masked Singer." We're so proud! You know what? I'ma be honest. I am so excited about this reveal. From the moment that I heard the voice, I knew who it was in my mind. Who is it? Why don't you write it down? Write it down and then show us afterwards. Somebody get me a pen. I'll definitely write it down. All right, I've written it down, but before we found out who's behind the mask of a champion, my crew, my panel, my detectives, it's all come down to this. Who do you think is behind the mask of our winner. I can't take it anymore. It's been weeks and he's been the hardest one to figure out and we love him so much, but we're having such a hard time. Yeah, he's very frustrating. I haven't been able to figure out the Monster since he started. Sense of humor, the dance moves, the voice is so soulful. One person that could do all this and throw his voice because he's a master mimic also is Jamie Foxx. So I'm gonna go with Jamie Foxx. - Interesting. Good guess. - That's really good. What stuck with me was that you went through some ups and downs in your life and wanted to come back with a new image. Maybe people perceived you as a monster but you're not really a monster And the only person that came into my head was Michael Vick. Michael Vick. ‐What? ‐Michael Vick? Yes! ‐Is he a singer? ‐ KEN: Does Michael sing? For real, I mean, that's my for real question. I don't know. This show has thrown me so many times. This would be quite the story of redemption if this is Michael Vick. Sound like a really failed pilot. Man, I've been going back and forth on a few. This is by far the hardest one, and I'm just gonna call an audible now. I think it could be Darius Rucker. I'm gonna say Darius Ruker, "Hootie." Has a different thing. Was known for, like... - That was a good guess. - Rock, and then country, and now back to rock. And he's been singing all different of types of songs this entire season. That's true. There's that Nicole Scherzinger face again. Okay, so part of me thinks it is CeeLo because of when he speaks I kind of hear the Southern in it. And he's got an amazing voice, but then his voice doesn't sound like CeeLo fully. So I guess I'm gonna go with a very unconvincing CeeLo Green. Unconvincing CeeLo. Unconvincing CeeLo. Question mark. Mr. Kenan Thompson. You know, happy feet makes me think of, like, possibly maybe Martin Lawrence, maybe. ‐ ‐Ooh, that's a good one. Yeah, but I've also been leaning towards - ‐Tyrese Gibson. - That's a great guess. - ‐You know he has a great voice. - I think I might go with Tyrese. ‐That's a good guess. ‐That's a great guess. All right, the panel have made their final guesses. This is crazy, you guys. It is crazy. I'm dying to know. This is crazy that none of us know. This is the moment! We need to know. ‐Monster. ‐My God. Finally! Show us all who's behind the mask of our champion! Come on. ♪ Who are you ♪ Who are you? Show us who the Monster is! Take it off! ♪ ♪ ♪ I really want to know ♪ Who is it? ♪ Who you you ♪ ♪ You ♪ T‐Pain! T‐Pain? No way! Are you kidding me? T‐Pain? I knew the Southern thing. T‐Pain! Wow. I knew it, guys! My man. Yo, you should be so proud of yourself. This man's musical journey is amazing. Grammy award winning, singer/songwriter, performer, producer. Some people only thinking that you have the skills to sing through Auto‐Tune. I think you proved the world wrong on this show right here on this stage. Word. That you are an amazing vocalist. It is my honor to present you with the trophy. You earned this. You are truly the king of "The Masked Singer." Tell me, why would you do this crazy show? I didn't have a chance to come into the game with my natural voice, and, you know, a lot of peers they did and they get accepted. This helped me get my voice out there even more. And I appreciate you guys. Yes! Man! Sorry I thought you were Michael Vick. That's okay. ‐ It's okay. I love my dogs. I love my dogs. The soul that you put down on this show, man. I am just amazed, and you really are incredible. ‐Incredible. ‐Thank you. Thank you. This is exactly what this show is about. Someone who is not known for this getting to display his natural gift right now. ‐It is just blowing my mind. ‐And winning! Man. It's a beautiful thing to see you here as our champion, and I don't think anybody really knew for real it was you, dog. Like, that's the beauty of this show. I keep saying it. We don't really, really know until you take the mask off and turn around and we're like, "Holy cheese." It's T‐Pizzle." You know what I'm saying? - Nick. - Yes, yes, Dr. Ken. Can you show us your paper because you said you knew. We need proof. - Come on, man. - Let me see. I just need photographic evidence. Come on. T‐Pain. ‐Wow. Just knew when he stared. Messing with me, and doing the thing with the microphone. I was like, "Okay, yeah, that's Pain. That's Pain." Thank you all for being a part of "The Masked Singer." This has been amazing for me. We hope to see you all again soon. But first, let's hear it one last time. ‐My God. ‐I'm gonna cry again. For the king. The artist formerly known as the Monster... T‐Pain! Yes! ♪ Won't you stay with me ♪ Come on! ♪ 'Cause you're all I need ♪ Whoo. ♪ This ain't love it's clear to see ♪ ♪ But darling won't you stay with me ♪ My gosh. ♪ ♪ ♪ This ain't love it's clear to see ♪ ♪ Stay with me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 