The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e3 - Five Masks No More - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Five Masks No More - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. This is "The Masked Singer." ♪ Who is that? ♪ Each week, celebrities perform undercover. Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players, it could be anybody. Leaving the panelists... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You got me thrown off. And you at home guessing who is behind the mask? ‐Steve Carrell. ‐Ryan Seacrest. Neil Patrick Harris. ‐Who's that? ‐Whose voice is that? ♪ ♪ Every episode, the weakest performer is eliminated and their identity revealed. ‐My god! ‐Antonio Brown! No way! Last week, the Pineapple had to take it off. Tommy Chong! Tonight, five celebrities 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 compete to stay anonymous: Lion, Deer, Peacock, Unicorn, and Monster. And celebrity expert Joel McHale joins the panel. This is the weirdest show on television. Who will live to sing again... And who will be unmasked before your eyes? This show is crazy. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the Lion, the Deer, the Peacock. Keep it going for the Unicorn, and the Monster. ♪ ♪ Welcome to "The Masked Singer." I'm your host, Nick Cannon. And if you're new to this party, get ready for the most revealing show on earth. Tonight five of our remaining singers are back, but they can't get too comfortable, because at the end of the night, the weakest performer will be unmasked and sent packing. All right, please welcome first and foremost, Mr. Robin Thicke. The beautiful and sensational Jenny McCarthy. The just as beautiful and sensational Ken Jeong. ‐ ‐Whoo! Get it, Ken! And of course the super talented and lovely Nicole Scherzinger. And tonight, our Dr. Ken has brought along a patient with him. Give it up for the hilarious Joel McHale. Good to see all of you. Joel, thanks for being here. Are you ready for, like, some craziness? ‐Yes. ‐No. I don't know what would be crazy about this show. It's gonna be a good time, though, I guarantee. Yeah, I feel like I'm already on drugs. All right, we got a lot to do tonight. First up, let's hear it for the Lion. So tall. Your first performance totally tamed our wild panel, who wondered if you came from a girl group. So let's all look closely in this video for any possible clues about who's behind the mask of the Lion. After my last performance, the panel's glowing comments about my voice... ‐Unbelievable! ‐Wow. Put me on cloud nine. If you're not a musical artist, then you're lying. Because that was unbelievable. Now I feel like a frontrunner. I've always loved to sing, but the anonymity of the mask has made me truly courageous. It's like she's leading a charge. An activist. For me, growing up in the public eye has been a gift and a curse. But I try to use my platform to help others. It's a lion who believes in something. Like, "Let's go eat that wildebeest." Maybe. And always tell my pride you have to be strong and stand up for what you believe in. All about female empowerment. So Lion's like a protester. Pride. So tonight I'm gonna give it all I got and sing my heart out. Hailey, Idaho. Halley's Comet. Because this lion's going to win. This is gonna be good. Yeah. ♪ Birds flying high ♪ ♪ You know how I feel ♪ ♪ Sun in the sky ♪ ♪ You know how I feel ♪ ♪ Breeze driftin' on by ♪ ♪ You know how I feel ♪ ♪ It's a new dawn ♪ ♪ It's a new day ♪ ♪ It's a new life ♪ ♪ For me ♪ ♪ And I'm feeling good ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm feeling good ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Stars when you shine ♪ Who is that? ♪ You know how I feel ♪ ‐Who is that? I'm trying to think. ♪ Scent of the pine ♪ ♪ You know how I feel ♪ ♪ Freedom is mine ♪ ♪ And I know how I feel ♪ ♪ It's a new dawn ♪ ♪ It's a new day ♪ ♪ It's a new life ♪ ♪ It's a new dawn ♪ ♪ It's a new day ♪ ♪ It's a new life ♪ ♪ It's a new life for me ♪ ♪ And I'm feeling good ♪ That is a trained vocalist. ‐Right? ‐Yeah, yeah. The queen! Awesome job. Lion! Lion! You got another standing ovation. What a competition. Dang. How good was the Lion's performance? You got balls, honey, singing that song. That is a really‐‐ it's a classic song. That was great. I just love how you're always so poised on stage. You have such a great stride. And a great commanding presence about you always on stage. I mean, it's obvious that she is a professionally trained singer. It's unbelievable, your voice. Power, control. ‐Unbelievable. ‐What? Joel, what'd you think about that? That performance was, it was like a huge sexy belt buckle out there. This is, of course, my first show, but it's really great. You're way more talented than Ken Jeong. Okay, you know what? It's not a‐‐ It's not a competition about me and the Lion. I feel like it's a competition. No, no, this is not about me. Ken, could you have done this? Um, you know what? Actually, I never could. This‐‐your performance is so powerful. I'm just trying to figure out... ‐Who it is? ‐Who you are. ‐Well, that's part of the show. ‐I know. I get it, Joel. Let me finish. ‐I... ‐Go ahead. Am part of your pride. How about that? Saw a lot of power in that video and in the performance. Were you guys picking up on any more hints? Yes. I did notice in this performance vocally, that she might be a little bit more seasoned, a little bit older. I don't necessarily think that she's a professional singer. ‐ ‐You don't think she is? I feel more‐‐ maybe I was getting more of an actor who can sing. No, no, definitely a seasoned performer. I don't think so. Actually, this is important. Nicole, last time, you got her to say that she was in a girls' group, remember that? Wait, no, she said that "I come from a group of women." ‐Or a tribe. ‐I come from a group of women. Like a softball team? I was thinking Kelly Rowland, but I still think she was part of a girl group. I don't know if you're from a group. It said in the package "Hailey." Maybe it's Hailey Baldwin. Maybe Nicole's right. Singer, actress, performer. ‐Astronaut. ‐Activist. Not astronaut. ‐Electrician. ‐Not electrician. Welder. Boat captain. - ‐Worst guesses, Joel. - ‐ I say actress. Emily Blunt. Yeah. I see it. It makes sense to me. There's so many celebrities, though, that have, you know‐‐ they're an activist, so‐‐ Well, it sounds like we need some more clues, right? I'm gonna ask, um, do you currently have a platinum album? Ooh. - Yes. - Yet. - ‐Yet. - Nothing gold or platinum? Well, you're definitely on your way. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Lion. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? I think she's an actress. I could tell by the singing. When she sang, I was like, "She's not a professional singer." You guys are crazy. I didn't think she was a professional singer. Ken did. You know, singing as the Lion gives me a confidence that I never knew I had, and the panel is nowhere close to guessing who I am. Can you figure it out? Coming up, the guessing game continues. I have performed in Las Vegas. Who could that be? With four more incredible performances... I was thinking Mary Lou Retton. Mary Lou Retton's 4'11". She's Ken's height. And later... One of these great characters will be unmasked and sent packing. My god! We are back on "The Masked Singer," trying to figure out whosungit. Now, who's behind the mask? We definitely want to know what you think. So make sure you use that hashtag #themaskedsinger and let us know. Someone famous will be getting unmasked at the end of tonight's show. And I feel like I've met this character on the road somewhere. Let's all check out the clue video and see if I might be right about the Deer. And that winner is... the Lion. Man, last time I was on that stage, I was really off my game. Sorry, Deer, that means you're in the bottom three and in jeopardy of being unmasked tonight. Being in the bottom ain't my style. I used to be able to sell salt to a slug. All right, Deer used car commercial take one. Come on down to the Moose used car lot. Okay, it's an athlete that's obviously done commercials. Come on up‐‐ MAN: Cut. Dang it. Deer, you're making a donkey of yourself. This week I gotta give it all I got; do what I love and throw myself hooves first into this competition. And trust me, I know how to throw. My gosh, they're throwing. Who's‐‐who does that? He's a thrower. He's a quarterback. It's John Elway. It might be. ♪ ♪ Great job. That's a wrap. Or Stone Cold. Wrestler. Could be‐‐ it could be a wrestler. Like, a WWE wrestler, absolutely. No deer were harmed during the filming of this commercial. I feel like he just looks like a heavyweight boxer. I was feeling like George Foreman. ‐It's not George Foreman. ‐I think he's either a boxer‐‐ George Foreman probably weighs 200 more pounds. He's‐‐George Foreman's huge. ♪ ♪ ♪ Strawberry shimmer on hot lips ♪ ♪ Silver buckle hangin' off her hips ♪ ♪ Eyes sparkle when she smiles ♪ ♪ Come down on the radio dial ♪ ♪ Homemade jar of lemon drops, take a sip ♪ ♪ Don't stop, girl ♪ ♪ You know I love it when you get your shine on ♪ ♪ We'll be partying all night long ♪ ♪ Summer sky dripping rhinestones ♪ ♪ Turn your party lights on ♪ ♪ Baby, get your shine on, shine on ♪ ♪ Baby, get your shine on ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Don't stop, girl ♪ ♪ You know I love it when you get your shine on ♪ ♪ 'Cause you and me be rocking all night long ♪ ♪ Summer sky dripping rhinestones ♪ ♪ Turn your party lights on ♪ ♪ Baby, get your shine on, shine on ♪ ♪ Baby, get your shine on ♪ ♪ ♪ Yeah. Great job. Take your time. Must be an athlete, right? No knees left? ‐Yeah! ‐You made it. The Deer was definitely shining. - ‐Panel, what'd you guys think? - ‐ Be careful those antlers. I think you sound good singing country. I heard a little country twang in there. Even though I don't think you're a professional singer... ‐What? ‐You might be more‐‐ More like an athlete or something. I think your vocals shone a little bit more this week. - ‐Good job. - ‐ Well, Deer, you know, I could tell you're a little bit older ‐just by the size of your‐‐ JOEL: Insulting. ‐ ‐No! Your antlers are very large. I'd like to apologize. ‐ NICK: Ken. I can tell you're not a professional singer, but I can tell you're definitely game. That's good. That was good, Ken. That's good, Ken. The comedy police are coming to take Ken away in a second. It was the best song I've ever seen sung by a deer in a gas mask. I love all your albums, Brett Favre. Brett Favre might be the best guess yet. I gotta be honest with you, Joel. Why don't we just ask him who he is? That would be so much faster. We know from his previous package that he said he gets knocked down a lot and gets back up. We thought wrestler. We thought athlete. He even said "Ravens, beware." So I thought big Ben Roethlisberger, yeah. He definitely is famous enough that he did some type of commercials and has a lot of trophies. He could be a quarterback. Terry Bradshaw? ‐ ‐I think Terry Bradshaw is a great guess. And also the way that paper was thrown wildly off mark, you could definitely tell it was Terry Bradshaw. I want to see if I get a rise out of you. It sounds like you guys need another clue. ‐Yes. ‐Yes. I have multiple world titles. World titles? Started in track and field... Whoa. Started. Then it went to horses. Horses. Wow. Now, as far as horses go, that means he could be a horse owner. He could be‐‐he could have taken his money‐‐ And that would be a huge jockey. - ‐Yeah. - ‐ And there are many track and field stars that go into being professional football players and whatnot. Yeah. I think they're trying to throw us off the scent. You know, I think it's an NFL player. I think it's‐‐ it's a quarterback. You know, maybe it's like the Colts because of the horses. Especially with all the trophies and he did a commercial. Like, he's famous for probably a lot of things, but mainly probably football. Yeah. I know one thing, the Deer definitely did run the stage. So y'all keep it going for him. Deer, we'll see you a little later for our big vote and our unmasking. The Peacock will sing next, and still to come, Unicorn and Monster. And then the big vote that will decide who's unmasking‐‐ And they must take it off. Be careful, man. We don't want the Deer to fall. The Deer is just roaming. Someone, please. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. And if the Deer loses the vote tonight, we'll find out if they're right. What does the horse thing mean? 'Cause they're‐‐it could be the Colts or the Broncos if it's a horse thing, right? Yep. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Someone's taking it up 30 seconds. Gee. Levitating. Don't fall! ‐Don't fall. Whoo! Welcome back. Now, we're in the middle of a dramatic whosungit mystery. At the end of the night, one of our singing celebrities will be unmasked. Next up, let's study every feather in this video for any hint about the Peacock. When I stepped on that stage for the first time, I loved being able to perform without anyone knowing who I was. It was absolutely exhilarating. And I felt like I was five years old. Way to kick it off. ‐Right? ‐Whoo! This show appealed to me so much because I've had so many different incarnations of my career, and everyone thinks they know me. ♪ ♪ I started out as a little teenybopper. But there's more than meets the eye. So a magician? Yeah. ‐Maybe again? But that's Nicole's thing. Peacock and Teller. Then was cast in some dramatic roles. Some dramatic roles. He could be an actor. Yeah, a little bit of everything. And tonight I'm gonna push myself harder than I ever have before by performing on a 30‐foot lift in a mask in which I can barely see my own feet. And did I mention I have a terrible fear of heights? That is scary. ♪ Lately I been, I been losing sleep ♪ ♪ Dreaming about the things that we could be ♪ ♪ But baby I been, I been prayin' hard ♪ ♪ Said no more counting dollars ♪ ♪ We'll be counting stars ♪ ♪ Yes, we'll be counting stars ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I see this life like a swinging vine ♪ ♪ Swing my heart across the line ♪ ♪ In my faces flashing signs ♪ ♪ Seek it out and ye shall find ♪ ♪ The old, but I'm not that old ♪ ♪ Young, but I'm not that bold ♪ ♪ And I don't think the world is sold ♪ ♪ I'm just doing what we're told ♪ ♪ I feel something so wrong ♪ ♪ Doing the right thing ♪ ♪ I could lie, could lie, could lie ♪ ♪ Everything that kills me ♪ ♪ Makes me feel alive ♪ ♪ I been, I been losing sleep ♪ ♪ Dreaming about the things that we could be ♪ ♪ Baby I been, I been prayin' hard ♪ ♪ Said no more counting dollars ♪ ♪ We'll be counting stars ♪ ♪ Take that money, watch it burn ♪ ♪ Sink in the river the lessons I learned ♪ ♪ Take that money, watch it burn ♪ ♪ Sink in the river the lessons I've learned ♪ He's such a performer. He's good. He's such, like, a showman. That's what I'm talking about, Peacock. Panel? You're obviously a pro. I think you're a professional singer. You are, like, one of the frontrunners of this. I was really into it. So good on you. I thought it was another electrifying performance, Peacock. I feel like you are a natural born performer. Because you were on that hydraulic lift, and that was really high, and you were just, like, chilling up there. You were having a ham sandwich. I don't know what you were doing. You just felt so natural up there. This is by far the greatest singing performance I've ever seen from someone wearing a peacock mask. And it is incredible. I was scared when you were up on the lift, 'cause peacocks can't fly. And‐‐but‐‐ Actually, they can. Well, they look fly. I know that. Okay, okay. It was really great. Now, we saw an amazing performance. We also saw the package. Now, were there any hints that you guys picked up on? Well, we have picked up a whole bunch from his previous performance. We know he's a showman. We know he's a musician. We also get a lot of comedic timing from him. We were talking about maybe he's hosted very important shows like the Oscars before or‐‐ It's Neil Patrick Harris. Ooh. Last time I asked if he was a magician of some sort. Yeah, he's definitely a professional performer. We've been getting magician. Like Criss Angel maybe or David Copperfield. The name David Copperfield hasn't been thrown around. That's a good one. He said something about dramatic roles, so maybe an actor with some stage background? I was gonna say David Hasselhoff. Great job, Nicole. He's definitely maybe performed in Vegas. There was a lot of clues of Vegas. Then I noticed in the clue package, there was a black‐and‐white image of fans, meaning he might be an older celebrity. So I'm going with an OG that might still perform in Vegas today. I have performed in Las Vegas. ‐ ‐Whoa. That's pretty major. I'm starting to think Tom Jones at this point. It's a good guess. Whoever you are, you're used to the stage. You were born to be up there. Why, thank you. Yes. All right, well, it sounds like you guys are definitely picking up on these hints. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Peacock. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Now, he still could be a comic. It could‐‐all these clues could be a red herring. ‐It could be, like‐‐ ‐Kevin Costner? After my second performance, I feel even more confident. I have really stumped the panel. I'm gonna strut my fabulous self all the way to the end. How can you possibly follow an act like the Peacock? Well, still to come, Unicorn and Monster. And then our audience and our panel will vote and decide who's unmasking and heading back to their glamourous life tonight. Find out who on "The Masked Singer." ♪ Who is that? ♪ Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this is the Unicorn. Mr. Nick Cannon is on his way. Yo, it's so incredibly hard to see in those masks. They gotta be hot. They can't breathe. They can't see. And they're all celebrities. They already high maintenance without masks. No offense, Unicorn. Yeah, we are back on "The Masked Singer," ladies and gentlemen. And we don't have a minute to waste, because we only have two more performances before someone has to take it off. Whoo! Take it off! And now, the Unicorn. For years, I've been lacking confidence because I lost my sheen. Lost a sheen. Her sheen. ‐She lost Charlie Sheen? ‐Yeah. And before my last performance, I was so scared. But as soon as I stepped on that stage... Sing it, girl! I was flying high. Amazing! I came here to conquer my fear of singing and of being judged. To see you here with such confidence, and you sang great. ‐It's so true. ‐Great job. And I did it. So this week I'm gonna exude model behavior. Model behavior. Maybe a model. ‐It's Denise Richards. ‐Denise Richards? I'm feeling victorious. And tonight I am going for the gold. "gold." No one can ever crush this Unicorn's spirit again. ♪ ♪ ♪ I think I did it again ♪ ♪ I made you believe ♪ ♪ We're more than just friends ♪ ♪ Baby, it might seem like a crush ♪ ♪ But it doesn't mean that I'm serious ♪ ♪ 'Cause to lose all my senses ♪ ♪ That is just so typically me ♪ ♪ Baby, baby ♪ ♪ Oops, I did it again ♪ ♪ I played with your heart ♪ ♪ Got lost in the game ♪ ♪ Baby, baby ♪ ♪ Oops, you think I'm in love ♪ ♪ That I'm sent from above ♪ ♪ I'm not that innocent ♪ Go, Joel! Go, Ken! Go, Joel! Go, Ken! Go, Joel! ♪ Oops, I did it again ♪ ♪ I played with your heart ♪ ♪ Got lost in the game ♪ ♪ Baby, baby ♪ ♪ Oops, you think I'm in love ♪ ♪ That I'm sent from above ♪ ♪ I'm not that innocent ♪ Awesome. Yeah. Bringing the party. She did it again. Keep it going for the Unicorn. She's not that innocent. Wow. You know what I love about you, Unicorn, is that you're very vulnerable. Like, I think all of us girls can relate to being insecure at one time. I mean, I know that I've had a hard time convincing people I'm actually real. But I think your performance was magical. I almost pooped a rainbow. ‐And it was just‐‐ ‐ Really sweet. You have such a sweet, kind, gentle voice. And I agree. I think that it's great to see your alternative personality shine in a fierce Britney‐Spears‐type record. All right, you guys are our expert panel. Did you guys pick up on any clues? Well, we know a lot of things about the Unicorn. We heard about Beverly Hills, insecurities, sensitivities. But the new part was the word "model behavior." So maybe you were, you know, from Beverly Hills and now that you've come into your own, you've become a model? I was thinking Denise Richards, 'cause you said "I've lost my sheen." But she keeps referring to flying, so I was like, maybe she's a gymnast. 'Cause she said "gold." You know what? I really like where you're going with this. The gold thing. I didn't pick up on that. Yeah. Nick, I have a question. Can you let me know how high her heels are? I'd like to get a feel for how tall she is. Wow. Yeah, those are pretty tall. ‐So it could be a gymnast. ‐Yeah. It could be that. You know, the way she uses her hands and she's very dainty and sweet reminds me of Gabby Douglas. Okay. Because she has that kind of very sweet, shy personality. In that space, I was thinking of Mary Lou Retton. Mary Lou Retton? Yeah. That's a good thought. You think it's Mary Lou Retton? Or Aly Raisman. No, but Mary Lou Retton's 4'11". You never know in these costumes. She's Ken's height. I'm thinking‐‐ I'm thinking Kayla Maroney vibes. I love her music. No, it's a gymnast. It's a gymnast. Not a‐‐ Yeah, she's gymnast who smirks. ‐ ‐You know what I mean? You guys are definitely thinking up there. We love it, but let's see if we can get a clue. Unicorn, are you known for being a gymnast? ‐ ‐ I see. In the bedroom. So she definitely knows Charlie Sheen. Yeah. I'm starting to really like this Unicorn. All right. Let me straighten out my‐‐ Does that do anything for the panel? It does nothing, Nick. It does absolutely nothing. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the Unicorn! We'll see you a little later on for our big vote. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Unicorn loses the vote tonight, we could find out. I felt confident. I love that Robin thought I was a model. I was, like, "Yeah, this is awesome. I can be anyone I want to be behind this mask." Coming up... ♪ ♪ Those are the knees of a former NFL player. Take it off! And later, our most shocking reveal yet. My god! ♪ Who is that? ♪ We are back on "The Masked Singer." We have one more singer, then a very big vote to decide who will be unmasked and sent packing tonight. Right now, we're thrilled to welcome back a colorful creature. Take a closer look and try to figure out what big star might be under all that fur of the Monster. Man, almost being unmasked last time was a really tough pill to swallow. Our first unmasked singer is, the Hippo. And when I was given a second chance, Monster, you will sing another day. I realized I had to do a little reset to move forward. ♪ I'm running as fast as I can ♪ I took a drive up from the south in my Caddy to clear my head. From the south? And thought about how much this opportunity means to me. He's a New York monster. I realized that from behind this mask, I could finally show the world my true self. So now I'm back in the swing of things. Swing, swing, baseball? Baseball player. And celebrating getting my mind right. This is a party monster. Jamie Foxx. Tonight I'm gonna sing something completely unexpected to show I'm the whole package. It's gonna be fire! Okay, I got some good clues. ♪ ♪ ♪ I don't need to be anything other ♪ ♪ Than a prison guard's son ♪ ♪ I don't need to be anything other ♪ ♪ Than a specialist's son ♪ ♪ I don't have to be anyone other ♪ ♪ Than the birth of two souls in one ♪ ♪ Part of where I'm going ♪ ♪ Is knowing where I'm coming from ♪ ♪ I don't want to be anything ♪ ♪ Other than what I've been trying to be lately ♪ ♪ All I have to do is think of me ♪ ♪ And I have peace of mind ♪ ♪ I'm tired of looking around rooms ♪ ♪ Wondering what I gotta do ♪ ♪ Or who I'm supposed to be ♪ ♪ I don't want to be anything other than me ♪ ♪ I don't want to be ♪ ♪ Whoa‐‐‐‐♪ ♪ I don't want to be ♪ ♪ ‐‐‐‐‐♪ ♪ I don't want to be ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I don't want to be anything other than ♪ ♪ Me ♪ ♪ Whoa‐whoa, ‐whoa‐‐‐♪ ♪ Other than me ♪ I love Monster. That was so great. Speeding everything up! Talk to the Monster. After watching you perform, I'm like, "This is the weirdest show on television." 100%. But you really can sing. It was really great. You know, to be honest, I've loved all the performances we've seen tonight, but that was my favorite. I mean‐‐ ‐Really? ‐I'll tell you why. ‐Really? ‐Yeah, I'll tell you why. None of the other singers really went for some big mountaintop note at the end, and he went all the way to the top. This was my favorite too, Robin. I agree with you. You're so cute. You are so adorable. You've thrown me off, because I thought you were a comedian, but with that voice, I‐‐you are a singer. You've gotta‐‐ or you've sang before. Yes. We gotta figure out if you guys saw any clues in the performance. Calm down, Monster. Or in the video. First week we really thought it was a rapper. But he did a country song, you know? But‐‐ It did say in the film that he was from the South. He said coming from the south. Nelly. Ooh, that's a good one. He had a grille, sportsmen, Caddy, and swing. Caddy. I didn't see Caddy. ‐Yeah. ‐ Which cad‐‐ like as in a Caddy? ‐ You guys picked up on a few clues, but let's get a clue directly from the Monster. Hit us up, Monster. What you got? Ooh. ‐Maybe it's a golfer. Is that crazy to say? Maybe he's an athlete who can sing, you know? Ooh. That's not a bad idea. Well, I noticed something new about New York City, and New York City, obviously the Yankees, the most popular team in the world. I would say maybe a recently retired New York Yankee. Maybe Derek Jeter. I don't think he's an athlete. I think he's a comedian. He's somebody like maybe Broadway, like‐‐ ‐Like a physical. ‐He's so light on his feet. Like someone who's a physical comic. I definitely agree. It's Kevin Hart. ‐ JOEL: It's Kevin. Aww. How dare you? He's way shorter. This is a hard one. ‐Yeah. ‐There you have it. Give it up for Monster. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Tough one. Tough one. 'Cause we don't get a body type from this kind of a costume. When we come back, it's the big vote. Only four singers will continue, and one will be unmasked and sent home. Find out who only on "The Masked Singer." ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to "The Masked Singer." I'm Nick Cannon, and I have shared the stage with some real characters in my time, but what an honor it is to share the stage right now with five legendary icons: The Monster, the Peacock, the Lion, the Deer, and the Unicorn. One of these great characters will be unmasked and sent packing tonight. The time is here for our studio audience and panel to vote for their favorite performer. Okay, you guys ready? The votes are in. And there was only 2% difference between the bottom two singers. What? Ooh! Tonight our masked singer who must take it off is... The Deer! No! Give it up for the Deer, y'all. You four up here, say your farewells to the Deer. And go back to the lair. I wanted the Deer to stay. You will live to sing another day, Unicorn, Lion, Peacock, and Monster. And my friend, the Deer, come here. Don't try get away too quickly. Get over here, Deer. I like the Deer. ‐I like the Deer too. ‐Yeah. This is bittersweet for me, because I hate to see you go, but I'm glad I'm not gonna be getting stabbed with them damn antlers. All right, Deer, before you unmask, guys, who on earth do you think this is? Well, we know a lot of things about him. Athlete, doesn't like the Ravens, and has multiple championships, world championships, right? And I actually picked up a very last clue just now. When I saw him laugh just right now, he laughed with his shoulders like this. And I watch‐‐I watch Fox a lot with football, and I think Terry Bradshaw laughs the exact same way. I've seen him do this laugh. Really? Interesting. Terry Bradshaw is my guess. What about you, Nicole? You watch a lot of football too. So much. Looking at the clues in the past, I think it's Terry Bradshaw. Jenny, what about you? Who do you think it is? Um, I think I'm gonna go with the horses clue. So the Colts and Broncos quarterback, Peyton Manning. Who is this, Joel? When I saw the Deer try to walk down the stairs, I was like, "Those are the knees of a former NFL player." Look at him laughing. So I'm gonna guess what Nicole did. Terry Bradshaw. I think I know who this is as well. Ken! It's not Terry Bradshaw. It is someone who played with a team with a horse on it, but it's not Peyton Manning. It is NFL Hall of Famer John Elway. No way. You're crazy. Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you were right. All right, the Deer... I can't wait to find out who this is. 'Cause I have to know. Show us who's behind the mask. If this is Terry Bradshaw, I'm gonna die. Come on, Terry. ♪ Who are you ♪ Take it off! Take it off! T. Bradshaw. ♪ ♪ I knew it! I knew it! ‐It's Terry Bradshaw! Two‐time Super Bowl MVP... ‐ ‐Yes! And sportscaster Terry Bradshaw! I want to make two for two. Damn it. - ‐Terry! Yeah! - Man. You won many, many, many world titles, including being the MVP of the Super Bowl twice. How does this compare? This was so stressful. I gotta thank y'all for voting me off. ‐This‐‐ ‐ It's been so much fun. So much fun. Aww, I love him. Now, you actually really are a singer. You put out some albums. I hate to say that 'cause I heard the judges say "You're not a singer." ‐ ‐That wasn't me. You got a country album; a gospel album. You gotta go put this‐‐ you gotta put this on and stick a microphone up there. Yeah, that's hard. Let her know it's not easy. What is more difficult: playing football or doing this? This by far. I wasn't completely sure who it was until I saw him laugh. It's such a recognizable‐‐ It's such a recognizable laugh. Ha! Lookit! ‐He's doing it now. Will you promise me you'll wear this outfit on Fox NFL Sunday? We love you! Very awesome. Terry Bradshaw. We had a lot of fun up here. I'm glad I'm not gonna be getting stuck by a deer anymore. My panel of experts, give them a round of applause. You guys picked up on the clues. Next week, our big whosungit mystery continues. Five singers will face off before another famous face is unmasked. Before we go, the artist formerly known as the Deer. Give it up for Terry Bradshaw! Roll the tape! ♪ Strawberry shimmer on hot lips ♪ ♪ Silver buckle hangin' off her hips ♪ ♪ I sparkle when she smiles ♪ ♪ Come down on the radio dial ♪ ♪ Homemade jar of lemon drops, take a sip ♪ ♪ Don't stop, girl ♪ ♪ You know I love it when you get your shine on! ♪ ♪ We'll be rocking all night long ♪ He's so cute. ‐Yee‐haw! ‐Yee‐haw! ♪ Baby, baby, baby, baby ♪ That's a new note. That's a new note. Terry Bradshaw, ladies and gentlemen! - ‐Terry Bradshaw. - ‐ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 