The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e6 - Touchy Feely Clues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Touchy Feely Clues - full transcript 
 Keeping themselves masked, the remaining celebrity singers hit the stage to perform. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. This is The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Each week, celebrities perform undercover. Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players, it could be anybody. Leaving the panelists... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who is that? And you at home guessing... ‐Bella Hadid. ‐Lady Gaga? ‐Tori Spelling. ‐♪ Who is that ♪ I can't wait to figure out who you are. ♪ ♪ Every episode, the weakest performer ‐is eliminated... ‐No. ...and their identity revealed. Terry Bradshaw! Margaret Cho! Last week, Unicorn reached the end of her rainbow. ‐Tori Spelling! ‐ Tori Spelling! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You actually got something right. I'm never right! Tonight, the whosungit continues as four celebrities compete to stay anonymous. Who will live to sing again? And who will be unmasked before your eyes? No, no! Please welcome your host, Nick Cannon. ♪ I really want to know ♪ ♪ Who ♪ ♪ Come on tell me who are you ♪ ♪ You, you, you ♪ As you all can see, I'm Nick Cannon. So this could only be The Masked Singer. Now are you guys ready for a real whosungit? Cool, well, here's how this thing works. Each week our secret celebrities perform in hopes of impressing the panel and the studio audience. At the end of the night, the singer with the least votes has to reveal who's behind the mask, and we could not do any of it without our pop culture detectives. Let's hear it for 'em. Give it up for Jenny McCarthy! Whoo! Nicole Scherzinger. Robin Thicke. Thank you. And does anybody know where Ken Jeong is? Wow. Wow, Ken. Brother. Taking this pretty far. The king! He wins one time. ‐The king is in the building! ‐Wow. Here you go. Here you go, Ken. From the doctor to the king. There you go. That's for you, buddy. Wow. As the reigning champ of last week‐‐ I correctly guessed the Unicorn to be Tori Spelling. - Take it off! - It's Tori Spelling! You were right, Ken! You were right! ‐ ‐My God! ‐Ken got it right! ‐I'm never right! I would like to thank myself for this award. Because without me, none of this would be possible. Thank you very much. Ken‐‐ KEN: Thank you. Doctor, I know you're feeling yourself and everything, but what you're holding there actually is the golden mask. That goes to the winner of this entire show. Yeah, I know, that's why I gave it to myself. No, you're‐‐you're not in the competition. The Masked Singer gets to win that. ‐Yeah. ‐Agree to disagree. ‐Agree to disagree. ‐Wow. Well, I definitely feel the energy in the building. This is gonna be an amazing show. But before the competition begins, here they are to kick things off together for a masked moment of unity. ‐I love it! ‐Aww. Give it up for your masked singers. ♪ I gotta feeling ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good, good night ♪ ♪ A feeling, whoo‐hoo ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good, good night ♪ ♪ I know that we'll have a ball ♪ ♪ If we get down and go out and just lose it all ♪ ♪ I feel stressed out, I wanna let it go ♪ ♪ Let's go way out spaced out and losing all control ♪ ♪ Fill up my cup, Mazel Tov ♪ ♪ Look at her dancing, just take it off ♪ ♪ Let's paint the town, we'll shut it down ♪ ♪ Let's burn the roof ♪ ♪ I gotta feeling ♪ ♪ Whoo‐hoo ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ Whoa! ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good, good night ♪ ♪ Ooh‐♪ Look at Peacock! Tonight is definitely gonna be a good night. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going. Now, what kind of feelings did you guys get from this big group right here? This is amazing. I mean, warm and fuzzy, that's for sure. You know what I love about this show is that you're fully embracing your costumes. Like, I just turned over to Ken and I was like, "I imagine if Peacock takes off the mask, that's what Peacock is gonna look like." Another peacock. That's why I want to take Monster home with me. I know‐‐ I have no idea who you are. All I know is that all of you are so loveable in your own way. Aww. All right, time to break up all of this masked supergroup and go solo. You guys ready? First up tonight, a performer who has consistently blown away our panel with her heart and soul. Let's look at a little hint about the true identity of the Bee. Whoo! I've been performing for a long time, and I thought I'd done it all in my career. What decade did you start singing? ‐ ‐Did you say '50s? Said the '50s. But dressing as an insect is definitely a first for me. It was at a birthday party when I was eight years old that my mama first gave me the idea to form a group. I guess it was always in the cards. In the cards. That's psychic. Back to the psychic. We got a record contract, and my career's been all peaches and marmalade ever since. ‐Marmalade. ‐Marmalade. ‐Like "Lady Marmalade?" ‐Yeah, "Lady Marmalade." ‐Like LaBelle's. ‐ Being on this show, it's a trip singing songs that other people have written. It makes me feel like I'm every Bee, you know? It's all in me. Chaka Khan reference. Okay. My song tonight is like a modern power ballad. I never thought I'd be singing it, especially not dressed like this. Since I guessed right last week, I'm probably gonna get it right again. So I don't need any of these clues. Coming up, four dramatic performances. My God, it makes me want to cry. I actually recognized your stage persona, 'cause I've seen you perform many times before. So he thinks. Because of this wig, I was thrown in jail. ‐Michael Bolton! They may be on to me. And later... The votes are in. Can anyone guess who's behind the mask? Just take off the mask and show me. ♪ Who is that ♪ We're back on The Masked Singer, where everybody doesn't know your name, and here to wreck us all and have a ball doing it, it's the Bee. ♪ ♪ ♪ We clawed, we chained ♪ ♪ Our hearts in vain ♪ ♪ We jumped ♪ ♪ Never asking why ♪ ♪ We kissed, I fell under your spell ♪ ♪ A love no one could deny ♪ ♪ I can't live a lie, running for my life ♪ ♪ I will always want you ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was break me ♪ ♪ Yeah, you wreck me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I never meant to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you to let me in ♪ ♪ I guess I should've let you win ♪ ♪ Don't you ever say I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always love you ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was break me ♪ ♪ Yeah you, you wreck me ♪ ♪ Yeah you wreck me ♪ ‐Whoo! ‐Whoo! Whoo‐hoo! Wow. Wow. Awesome job once again, Bee. I just got all choked up, to be honest. I wasn't expecting that. You hit my heart. Perfect song for you vocally, because when you get to those high notes, there are very few singers who can accomplish what you did. I still think it's Gladys Knight. I doubt it. I actually recognized your stage persona because I've seen you perform many times before, and so I recognized the way you held the mic. So he thinks. So I think, So I think. He thinks he knows who you are, Bee. I think so. ‐He's convinced. I'm not sure, but just like you were saying, you shined so much this week. Your voice has a mature sound to it. ‐‐ ‐You're a seasoned singer. And that was unbelievable. Thank you so much for that. Okay, everyone knows your performance was epic, yada, yada, yada, but let's talk about me. Wow. I had an epic moment myself last week. For those in the know, I accurately guessed the Unicorn being Tori Spelling, and I'm kind of on fleek right now just like you with your performance. From a perfect judge to a perfect contestant, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz. You're welcome. I like the little bee dance. We buzzing. Okay, well now, it's show‐and‐tell time. We've asked each of our singers to bring an item with them that reveals something about who they truly are. Security, reveal the revealing item of the Bee. ♪ ♪ Here you go. ♪ ♪ Bakeware? That doesn't help at all. ‐Bakeware? ‐Okay so she's a baker? It's her hobby, is baking? This is my second favorite thing to do. Patti LaBelle does‐‐ thank you. She does make pies. Them Patti Pies. And there was a marmalade hint. ‐There was a marmalade hint. ‐"Lady Marmalade." Patti LaBelle makes sense to me. All right. But Ken is the expert. Ken, do you know who it is? Well, first of all, please call me "Reigning Champion," and stop calling me "Ken." R.C. Way to be humble about it, Ken. Way to be humble. ‐You're welcome. ‐Thank you. She's a baker, Anita Baker maybe. ‐I think you're wrong. ‐I think I'm right. I don't know. I don't know. In the video, we heard "It's all in me." We heard "I'm every Bee." ‐That's right. ‐Yeah. I'm thinking Chaka Khan. Chaka Khan. Yeah, she's an incredible singer. See? Those are good guesses, I think. ‐Yeah. ‐Just take off the mask. We're not looking right now. Just show me. Y'all make some noise for the Bee. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? ♪ Hey ♪ This is crazy. We're standing in front of this obvious musical legend She's dressed as a bee, which makes me love this show even more. Whoo! Such an amazing performance. When we return, one of our most colorful characters, the Peacock, up next, only on The Masked Singer, only on Fox. You hear them? They're saying, "Ken, Ken, Ken, Ken." No, they're saying, "Bee." Tom‐may‐to. Tom‐mah‐to. Now that I've made it this far, I'm in it to win. So watch out, I'm no honeybee, baby. I'm a killer bee. ♪ Who is that ♪ ‐Have they figured you out yet? No, you? Hey, guys, guys, we're back. Welcome back to The Masked Singer. Remember to keep tweeting us. Use the hashtag TheMaskedSinger. Our third performer tonight is a real showstopper. But who's under all those feathers? Let's all look for clues about the Peacock. Peacock, one of the favorites. Being behind a mask has been strange and lonely. Let me tell you, pal. Like before my last performance, I was standing all alone getting ready and I couldn't talk to the crew because I had to remain anonymous. Without this mask, everyone recognizes me and wants to chat, but here, I feel invisible. Like my career just disappeared into thin air. I mean, I told you he's a magician from the start. By day, I perform as my 176‐pound real self. Or a bullfighter. Wait, that's a rainbow. Neil Patrick Harris. But by night, I ride into the competition masked and ready for battle. David Hasselhoff? Knight. Knight Rider? Winning would mean everything to me, so as my opponents step up their game, I'm gonna step up mine and give the world all of me. It's not David Hasselhoff. The Hoff is 6'5", 220. ♪ ♪ ♪ What would I do without your smart mouth ♪ ♪ Drawing me in and you kicking me out ♪ ♪ Got my head spinning ♪ ♪ No kidding ♪ ♪ I can't bring you down ♪ ♪ My head's underwater ♪ ♪ But I'm breathing fine ♪ Yeah, it's‐‐ ♪ You're crazy and I'm out of my mind ♪ ♪ 'Cause all of me ♪ ♪ Loves all of you ♪ ♪ All your curves and all your edges ♪ ♪ All your perfect imperfections ♪ ♪ Give your all to me ♪ ♪ I'll give my all to you ♪ ♪ You're my end and my beginning ♪ ♪ Even when I lose I'm winning ♪ ♪ 'Cause I give you all ♪ ♪ All of me ♪ Wow. ♪ And you give me all ♪ He can sing. ‐Wow. ‐Peacock! It lives up to his first song, "Greatest Showman of All." All right. Quit showing off your feathers and get over here. We all know that was an amazing performance from the Peacock. Gang up top. I love Peacock so much, you have no idea. Yes. ‐And every week, you just keep bringing it, and the performances get better and better. And I have a feeling I know who you are. Okay. I just want to say, Peacock, I have no idea who you are, but I keep thinking you're a magician. I love your voice. I think you're a seasoned singer. Even Broadway kinda voice, don't you think? Yeah, but I also think it could be somebody like Neil Patrick Harris, who's a very well‐rounded performer, who's done magic shows, who's done hosting. Maybe. And who's also a singer and a Broadway performer. ‐That's really smart. ‐They may be onto me. Peacock is hitting on me, I'm just letting you know. Hey, I did see a rainbow flag when he was a matador. Okay, yeah, called it. Neil Patrick Harris. And you move around that stage like you've been doing this ‐since you were very young. ‐Yeah. And he always has the best endings. ‐Doesn't he? ‐Whatever his final pose is, it's always very dramatic and powerful. Yeah, yeah. Dr. Reigning Champ. Thank you very much. Thank you. That's the only way I'll speak. ‐I think‐‐you start‐‐ ‐Don't encourage him. You have this confidence about you that's not cocky. ‐Pun intended. ‐Like Ken. And I love how you project yourself and you always end strong, much like I did in episode five when I guessed exactly who the Unicorn was, Tori Spelling. Unlike what you did in episode four. Ignoring that. You're like a thin David Hasselhoff. Like an all‐protein diet Copperfield. There's something very confident about you that, to you and I, we're kindred spirits. Yep, we're birds of a feather. All right, it's show‐and‐tell time. Security, time to reveal the revealing item. I don't know how to turn this on. Yours is upside down and backwards. ‐Yep. ‐You guys ready for this. - A wig. - A wig. A mannequin face. ‐Michael Bolton. Whoa, whoa. Okay, this show just got weirder. I know, it's like an eyeless Kenny G. ‐It's, ‐‐ ‐Mommy. Because of this wig, I was thrown in jail. Ugly person arrested by the fashion police. ‐Okay. ‐I'm a very smart man. R. C. Okay, detectives, what have you learned tonight about the Peacock? Okay, putting all the clues together, I'm gonna pretend I didn't see that one, 'cause it confuses me, but the showman, Las Vegas, the way you can sing, you've been doing this forever, I think you might be Donny Osmond. ‐ ‐He's laughing. ‐The Peacock just was laughing like that was the most ridiculous thing he's ever heard. All right, then maybe you're not Donny Osmond. I watched Donny & Marie though. I've never seen them gamble. You know what I mean? As a kid. Somebody else who's been in Vegas, Wayne Brady. - ‐He's a triple threat. - Ooh, wow, that's good. Someone that's brave enough to wear sequins. ‐Maybe he's 176 pounds. ‐And he loves to sing. Wayne Brady I like because he can play so many different types of characters, and every time he's come out, he's sung a different way, so... Absolutely. That wig is throwing me. One thing we do know, it was an amazing performance. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for le Peacock. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Peacock gets the least votes tonight, we'll find out if they're right. Up next, the Raven and the Monster. What other show can you say that on? ♪ Hey ♪ Hey, who do you guys think this one is? I thought it was Donny Osmond this whole time. ‐Yeah. ‐But his reaction to both of us was like...no. ♪ Who is that ♪ I gave all of me on "All Of Me." Am I gonna win this? Yes. Are you gonna guess who I am? No. ♪ Who is that ♪ All right, guys, coming out of commercial break. I got a good line. I just want to say it. ‐Yeah. ‐All right, Reigning Champ, I need you to rein it in. What are you, every director I've worked with? Okay, here we go, folks. Three, two, and... ‐♪ Who is that ♪ ‐Welcome back. Our next performer is a real high flyer, but who's behind the mask? Let's all check out this revealing video about the Raven. Being in this competition has challenged me to go against all my basic instincts, especially having to be silent after making a career of talking to people. We got a feeling that she was a talk show host. It sounds like you've had a hard past. Yeah. Yet being along with my thoughts has given me a chance to think about my own story. Looking back on my life, I have a bird's eye view. ‐View. ‐Someone from The View. From death to love to birthing you. From death to love. 11:11, what does that mean? Somebody that just passed away. My greatest joy is being mother to my flock. You might say that's so me, and it's not just talk. Raven‐Symoné. Raven‐Symoné. She was on The View, so that makes sense. Sometimes you have to look back to move forward. And tonight, I'm singing with the courage I've gained from being here, and I never want it to end. ♪ ♪ 11:11. I wonder what that means. It means the universe is taking a picture of your thoughts. ‐It's like a spiritual‐‐ ‐Is that really? ‐Is that true? ‐Yeah, ‐ It means make a wish. ♪ ♪ ♪ You can be amazing ♪ ♪ You can turn a phrase into a weapon or a drug ♪ ♪ You can be the outcast ♪ ♪ Or be the backlash of somebody's lack of love ♪ ♪ Or you can start speaking up ♪ ♪ Nothing's gonna hurt you the way that words do ♪ ♪ And they settle 'neath your skin ♪ ♪ Kept on the inside with no sunlight ♪ ♪ Sometimes a shadow wins ♪ ♪ But I wonder what would happen if you ♪ ♪ Say what you wanna say ♪ ♪ And let the words fall out ♪ ♪ Honestly I wanna see you be brave ♪ ♪ And since your history of silence ♪ ♪ Won't do you any good ♪ ♪ Did you think it would? ♪ ♪ Let your words be anything but empty ♪ ♪ Why don't you tell them the truth? ♪ ♪ Say what you wanna say ♪ ♪ And let the words fall out ♪ ♪ Honestly I wanna see you be brave ♪ Whoo! Whoa! ♪ Just wanna see you ♪ ♪ See you be brave ♪ Yes! Go for it! ♪ Wanna see you ♪ ♪ I just wanna see you ♪ ♪ ♪ Definitely a brave performance from the Raven. Gang, what'd you think about the Raven tonight? Ken, I mean‐‐I'm sorry, Dr. Reigning Champ. Thank you so much. Great job. No jokes. Just heart. I don't think you're a professional singer, but you hit those notes like you were like, "I'm a professional, I'm gonna take this stage." I was like, girl, you better go for it. So it was very powerful. Last week I thought for sure you were Sherri Shepherd. I'm sorry. Enough with the Sherri Shepherd. ‐I know, I know. ‐Get over it. I still mean everything I said. ‐Me too. ‐I know Sherri so well, and her journey, and I said all these beautiful things to you, and they still apply. I'm really proud of you for just being here and standing there and performing like you did. Thank you. Okay, it is show‐and‐tell time. Let's see what the Raven dragged here from her nest. Reveal the revealing item. ♪ ♪ ‐Ooh. ‐Okay, I see you. Whoa. Stuntin' on us with the Emmy. - Okay. - Dang. - I see you. - Wow. We're pretty sure that it's a talk show host. She said that she was a talk show host before. ‐But it could be‐‐ ‐She did say she hosted. It could be The Talk. Everyone's on The View kick. Okay, then Sheryl Underwood. ‐Yes. ‐Because in her thing she said she's a mom to her flock, and Sheryl Underwood is kinda like a mom on that show too, even the other women on The Talk. I see your wheels are spinning up there, gang, ‐but, Raven... ‐Not bad, not bad. Please tell us about what you brought. I place this where my flock can admire it. Well, the Emmy lets us believe that it's a talk show host. I'm thinking maybe Ricki Lake or somebody like that. I don't know a lot of talk show hosts but‐‐ Ricki. I forgot about Ricki Lake. ‐Yes. That's good. ‐Could be Ricki Lake. She was an actress when she was younger. Could definitely sing, the Hairspray. ‐I used to watch that show. ‐Yeah, yeah. ‐That's good. ‐I doubt it. Star Jones maybe, I don't know. Get off The View thing, Ken. - Okay, sorry, sorry. - Wait, wait, wait, wait. Star Jones, that's very interesting. No, she's got bigger boobs. I'm sorry. Well, I'm not here to comment. She coulda strapped hers down. But you guys are definitely gonna stay in this talk show world. You're not going‐‐ Well, now that we have an Emmy, how can we not? It could be, you know, the, um‐‐Carnie Wilson. She knows how to sing, whoever she is. Wilson. Carnie Wilson, Wilson‐‐ See, I'm not a dummy. I'm a reigning champion. - Yeah. - You know? And it took my noggin to think of Carnie Wilson. That's not a bad guess. I like that you said Ricki Lake, Robin. Just take off the mask and show me! Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for that brave performance from the Raven. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? ♪ ♪ Someone like Megan Mullally, who is an amazing singer. She also won an Emmy, and she had her own talk show. There are people like Jenny who did other things and are now a talk show or a radio show host or whatever. ‐"Multitalented" is the word. ‐Thank you. ‐A hyphenate. ‐Okay, enough about you. Coming up... ‐♪ American woman ♪ ‐Who could it be? ‐Okay! ‐My God. I make my best calls on this headset. ‐He's a sportscaster. ‐I have never seen anyone on Fox Sports 1 with moves like that. And later... - ‐Tonight... - Take it off! ‐Take it off! ‐The unmasked singer is... ♪ ♪ - ‐Who is that? - Take it off! ‐ ‐No! No! No! No, I didn't know! We're back. Now tonight, four will become three, when the weakest performer of the night is unmasked and sent home. All right, first let's take a closer look at a creature who has our panel guessing all over the place. It's the Monster. During my last performance, the panel giving my voice some love... ‐Whoo! ‐Went a long way to healing a deep wound. I thought you were a comedian, but with that voice, you're a singer. Yes. But like everyone else, I've had my share of dark days. Said, "dark days." ♪ ♪ But I'm a fighter. I've fought my demons. A fighter. A fighter who came back. And have discovered the little teddy bear ‐I am at heart. ‐Lil Jon? This experience is far more meaningful to me than just wearing a monster costume. It's about being proud of who I am. Don't even think about swinging your negativity my way. I'll just swing back. See, that's another golf reference. Yeah, baseball, golf, tennis. Um, cricket. Tonight's performance is about throwing the panel off the scent. No one would expect me to sing this song. Game on. ♪ ♪ What athlete‐‐ ♪ Whoo ♪ My God, he's so cool. ♪ ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Stay away from me ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Mama let me be ♪ ♪ Don't come knocking around my door ♪ ♪ I don't want to see your face no more ♪ He sounds amazing! He sounds amazing. ♪ Than spend my time getting old with you ♪ ♪ Now woman ♪ Whoo! ♪ Stay away ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Listen what I say ♪ Do it! My God. ‐Okay! ♪ ♪ ♪ I gotta go ♪ ♪ I gotta get away ♪ ♪ I think I gotta go ♪ ♪ I wanna fly away ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ ♪ Stay away from me ♪ Look at him! Right? ♪ Mama let me be ♪ ♪ American woman ♪ Monster! Monster! Another monster performance... I love you, Monster! ...by the Monster. Is he doing the backpack kid? Hey! Hey! I mean, he can move. All right, let me help you out, Monster. Let me get you on over here. This is real leather too. That's nice. My God. All right, Robin, what'd you think of that performance? The first couple times he performed I didn't think he was a singer 'cause of all of the swinging references. We thought maybe golf or an athlete. But every week, he impresses me even more, and tonight he was finishing a lot of his riffs with that... ♪ American woman ♪ And that's not a very easy thing to do. Showoff. Well, no, a lot of people would just sing it straight, and he's adding his own riffs. This is somebody who's a professional entertainer. Tonight you are my favorite performance again. God. To Robin's point, you do do the riffs very well. I can do the riffs better than Robin. ♪ American woman ♪ ‐Hey, yeah! ‐Thank you. ‐Hey, them scales. ‐There he is. ‐With the scales. ‐Get it, Ken. He brought the big Ken out tonight. So who are you thinking? I'm honestly thinking a comedian like David Alan Grier. Someone who's really funny, he's got amazing moves, but is also, like, classically trained, at least as an actor. ‐That would make sense. ‐Tommy Davidson. Tommy Davidson, exactly. I'm hearing a soulfulness in the voice‐‐ It also said "lil." "Lil" in the package. What about‐‐ what about Lil Rel? Lil Rel's an actor and a comedian. He has his own show on Fox, yeah. He has his own show. He's from Get Out. What about you, Jenny? What did you learn? I have said that that microphone reminds me of a golf club. I think you're an athlete that knows how to sing. ‐They can't sing like this. ‐How do you know, Ken? ‐You don't know that. ‐Because I watch TV. That's the premise of the show. That could be their hidden talent. All right, well, you know what it is, it is show‐and‐tell time. Let's see what the monster brought from under his bed. Security, reveal the revealing item. ‐Security. ‐All right. Boy. ♪ ♪ Are you guys ready? ‐What is that? ‐A headset. It's a head ring. It's a Walkman. It's a‐‐but you've got‐‐ it's a special type of headset. So, Mr. Monster, tell us about this apparatus you've chosen. So he's a sportscaster. - ‐Now. Now he is. - Yeah. You ever see Howard Cosell do, like, "American Woman" like that? You know what, there's a million cable stations now. It's gotta be a sportscaster, I think. I have never seen anyone on ESPN or Fox Sports 1 with moves like that, you know? I will say, Sugar Ray Leonard is one of the premier sportscasters for boxing. Sugar Ray Leonard? But with all due respect, yeah, I don't think he's a singer. ‐You know what I mean? ‐I don't know. Hey, Nick, can I ask you, who do you think it is? ‐Do you have any guesses? ‐I'm just saying, by their body language and the fact that they keep picking on me, I definitely feel like this is someone I know. You've confused us since day one. We don't know who you are, but I'm so in love with you as the monster that I almost don't want you ever to be demasked, because I've fallen in love with this character that you've created. Well, one thing we do know, it was an amazing performance. You guys, give it up one more time for the Monster. Our panel thought one of the celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Now it's time for the big vote. Give it up for the Bee. The Peacock. And the Raven. So audience and panel, please vote now for your favorite. The celebrity with the least votes will be unmasked and sent home at the end of the night. And wherever you are, use that hashtag, TheMaskedSinger, and tell us about your favorites as well. ‐ ‐The votes are in. And tonight's unmasked singer is... Yeah, we're back on The Masked Singer. The votes are in. And tonight's unmasked singer is... ♪ ♪ The Raven. Aww. But she did an amazing job. Keep it going for the Raven. The rest of you, say your goodbyes to the Raven and head back to the lair. Keep it going for the Raven, ladies and gentlemen. It's the cream of the crop right now. Gang, who on earth do you think this is? Doctor‐‐what is it‐‐ Ken the Reigning Champion? And still reigning champ after this. Everything was all about The View, and that's a misdirect because they also mentioned talk, and I think this is someone from The Talk. I think it is Sheryl Underwood from The Talk. ‐Really? ‐Yeah. Are you willing to put down your crown if you're wrong? ‐I am so willing‐‐ ‐Yes. I'm willing. I will put‐‐ I will put my crown on the line. ‐I'm so adamant. ‐Rein it in, rein it in. ‐Reigning champ. ‐Rein it in. Miss Nicole, who do you believe this is? I'm going to throw a curveball. I don't think we've said her name yet. Meghan McCain maybe from The View. Okay. Meghan McCain. That's not bad. Curveball it is. Lots of‐‐lot of talk shows. I convinced you guys in the talk arena, that's for sure. - ‐You did. - Mr. Robin Thicke. Well, you know, there were some hints also‐‐ I mean, with the talk show thing and the flock, and I remember when I was young, and The Ricki Lake Show came on television, it was kind of revolutionary in some ways, and I think that she won an Emmy or at least she should have, and I was a big fan of the show, and I think it's Ricki Lake. All right, all right. I do too think it might be Ricki Lake. But to be different, I'm gonna go with Raven‐Symoné. Yes. Raven, Raven. She did say on the package, "It's so me." Raven. ‐Yeah. ‐I'm keeping my title. ‐No. ‐I'm keeping my crown. ‐ Well, we all need to know, right? Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. The Raven, show us all who's behind the mask. ♪ Who are you ♪ Take it off! Take it off! Ricki Lake! Ricki Lake! Take it off! ‐Sheryl Underwood! Take it off! ‐Meghan McCain! Take it off! ‐Raven‐Symoné. Take it off! Take it off! - ‐ - Take it off! ‐Just make Ken wrong. ‐Take it off! Who is it? Take it off! ♪ Tell me who are you ♪ ‐My God! ‐♪ You, you, you ♪ Who is that? Take it off! Emmy Award‐winning talk show host Ricki Lake! It's Ricki Lake! ‐Ricki Lake! ‐You were right! Ricki Lake! Robin, Robin... Ricki! No, no, no! Robin, Robin. ‐No! ‐Take it, take it. Whoa, Robin Thicke now has the crown. No! ‐Wow. ‐That's amazing. I demand a recount! It is great to finally see you. What an amazing journey. You've done so many things in your career. We've seen you in movies. We've seen you win Emmys for your amazing talk show hosting abilities. But tell me, what have you learned from this experience on The Masked Singer? I mean, it isn't so much what I learned, but I love the anonymity. I loved, like‐‐ you know, I'm so bad at keeping a secret, you guys. And so for me to not tell my family what I'm doing, it's just been‐‐ it's been a ball. I have to ask, why the raven? You know, the raven is about metamorphosis. It's about death, but it's also about rebirth, and I went through a loss of my husband last year, and this really was an opportunity for me to sort of share my journey through his loss. He was the best thing that ever happened to me. ‐Aww. ‐Well, I know he's smiling down on you now. You dedicated your entire journey to him. It's a beautiful thing. Now, are there any other clues that we may have missed? You know, one of the things that gave it away to me, was I noticed when she was speaking, she would put her hand over her heart a lot, and I remembered she did that on her show. I did, yes. That is a dead giveaway. My husband, my beloved husband always would sort of joke that I would do this. Anything that moved me, I would put my hand up. ‐I remember. ‐That's crazy. I used to watch your show when I came home from school. ‐You grew up with me, I'm sure. ‐Yeah, I did. I did. Yeah, I'm turning 50 this year. ‐Wow. ‐Congratulations. You look gorgeous. Before we go, to sing for us again, this time unmasked, once and for all, ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Ricki Lake! ♪ Say what you wanna say ♪ ♪ And let the words fall out ♪ ♪ Honestly I wanna see you be brave ♪ ♪ Wanna see you be brave ♪ ♪ Just wanna see you ♪ ♪ I just wanna see you ♪ Making me cry. ♪ See you be brave ♪ ♪ I wanna see you ♪ ♪ Just wanna see you ♪ ♪ Just wanna see you ♪ ♪ ♪ Next week... You are a born natural performer. Our final six singers compete... It could be Donnie Wahlberg. You would know if this was your husband, wouldn't you? He hasn't answered the phone every time Rabbit's been on stage. With special guest J. B. Smoove. If I was a rapper, I would wear you around my damn neck. And another shocking reveal. My God! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 