The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ ♪ It's "The Masked Singer" finale night, and it all starts in‐‐ ♪ Who is that? ♪ Eight weeks ago, 12 famous faces‐‐ award‐winning stars from music, movies, TV, and who knows what else‐‐ put on mind‐blowing masks and went undercover to battle in the craziest and most mysterious singing competition in history. And now, our outrageous, action‐packed new saga is down 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to just three spectacular celebrity performers, Monster, Peacock, and Bee. I'm Nick Cannon, and this is "The Masked Singer" as we've never seen it before. Tonight, you'll see exclusive, never‐before‐seen footage of our three finalists, and their road to the finale. Yeah, it's going down. And the moment you can't miss. Each of our top three will give you a brand‐new clue that could finally reveal their secret identity. So how does it all come together without even me actually knowing anything? Let's take an inside look and find out. Over the past eight weeks, our masked singers 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 have captured our imaginations with the most surreal singing performances you've ever seen. And with every elimination, we've witnessed shocking unmaskings. ‐My God! ‐Antonio Brown! Comedic legend Tommy Chong! Sportscaster Terry Bradshaw! Comedian Margaret Cho! ‐My God! ‐Tori Spelling! Talk show host Ricki Lake! Superstar singer La Toya Jackson! Rumer Willis! Joey Fatone! And tonight, Monster, Bee, and Peacock will battle it out for the final time. So who's behind the mask? ‐No one knows, all right? ‐I'm so stumped. Are we even on the right track? Keeping our enormous secret is one of the most extraordinary undertakings in TV history. It all started with our celebrities each creating their masked character. Then, our award‐winning designer, and her masterful team of artists, builders, and sculptors hand‐crafted the elaborate costumes, each customized to the celebrity's wildest fantasies. Our stars then suited up and hid their famous faces. They must be disguised at all times, and we've stopped at nothing to conceal their identities. I would say we are probably on par with White House Secret Service detail. I have to conceal my identity before I even drive onto this lot. We take no chances, and assume everyone is a spy. I feel like I'm going on a CIA mission or something. We wear capes, hoodies, and you're not able to show your face to anyone. Our celebrities are kept in a super‐secure guarded compound away from prying eyes. And even there, they are in disguise. To avoid being recognized, even their friends, family, agents, and managers are disguised at all times. You have to be totally anonymous. You can't talk to anybody. It's very difficult. Every time I come on set, I have to wear a mask, and then get into another mask while wearing the mask, and then, put a mask on on top of the mask‐‐ What were we talking about? It's like a non‐stop murder mystery masquerade party, but with more singing and less murder. It is such an unusual situation. I probably have more security than the President of the United States. Only a select few know the identities of our singers. The celebrities don't even know their competition. And I still have no idea. Stage managers, choreographers, camera people, sound and lighting crew are all kept in the dark. Our studio audience is also under extreme scrutiny. They must sign contracts binding them to secrecy, and all electronics are banned. And now you know how we've guarded the greatest secret in TV history. The security here is no joke! And now, let's take a deeper look at our first finalist's road to the finale. ♪ Everybody, everybody, let's get into it ♪ ♪ Get stoked, get it started, get it started ♪ ♪ Get it started ♪ ♪ Let's get it started, ha ♪ I became the Monster because I've been called one before. I'm here to prove that label wrong, and show a side of me that you've never seen. When I first saw Monster, my heart just melted. Aw, he's so cute! He was round and fuzzy, and he had these little hands. And he's playful, and I just fell in love with him from the start. That's my Monster. He's going the wrong way. Good job, John. Good job, John. Once facing the right direction, Monster was hard to stop. ♪ Tonight, I'm gonna have myself a real good time ♪ The panel definitely wasn't expecting my voice to come out of this face, and you probably weren't either. ‐♪ In ecstasy, so‐‐ ♪ ‐Wow. ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ‐♪ Don't ♪ ALL: ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Because I'm having a good time, having a good time ♪ ♪ I'm a superstar, leaping through the sky ♪ ♪ Like a tiger, defying the laws of gravity ♪ ♪ I'm a racing car passing by ♪ ♪ Like Lady Godiva ♪ Monster is by far my favorite. The way the outfit moves and the hair moves, I'm always smiling ear to ear, and he sings with a very classic, old, soulful kind of voice. ‐♪ Just give me a call ♪ ALL: ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Don't want to stop at all ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Despite his eye‐opening start, Monster surprisingly found himself in the bottom three. My costume was smiling, but I was devastated. I had so much riding on this show. Going home first would have just been heart‐breaking. And our final singer who gets to keep their mask on is... Monster! ‐Yeah. ‐Yes! Someone, I need some monster assistance. I thought I was going to be gone the first episode. How the tables have turned. After nearly going home, Monster bounced back, and it was lit. My favorite performance he's done is "I Don't Want To Be" by Gavin DeGraw. Whoo! ♪ I don't need to be anything ♪ ♪ Other than a prison guard's son ♪ ♪ I don't need to be anything other ♪ ♪ Than a specialist's son ♪ ♪ Part of where I'm going ♪ ♪ Is knowing where I'm coming from ♪ ♪ I don't want to be anything other than ♪ ♪ What I've trying to be lately ♪ ♪ All I have to do is think of me ♪ ♪ And I have peace of mind ♪ ♪ I'm tired of looking around rooms ♪ ♪ Wondering what I got to do ♪ That was a powerful rendition of that song, and you could tell he had the pipes. ♪ Yeah! ♪ ♪ I don't want to be ♪ ♪ Me ♪ My second performance was riveting. And it was awesome, I killed it. Everything just felt so good. It felt like I was the real Monster just then. The Monster, bringing down the house! What I want to know is where he got those knees from. He just keeps bouncing around like crazy. Monster became a true contender and captivated us by changing up his costume week after week. My God! Monster's dressed up. And in the semi‐finals, Monster changed course with a performance nobody saw coming. You've seen my fun, playful side, but I thought that to win this, I just needed to bear my soul and showcase my voice. ♪ Guess it's true I'm not good at a one night stand ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ But I still need love, because I'm just a man ♪ ♪ These nights never seem to go to plan ♪ ♪ I don't want you to leave, can you hold my hand? ♪ ♪ Won't you stay with me? ♪ Yeah, come on, now. ♪ Because you're all I need ♪ ♪ This ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ♪ So darling, won't you stay with me? ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ Won't you stay with me? ♪ ♪ Because you're all I need ♪ My God, he's amazing. ♪ This ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ‐Okay, okay! ‐♪ So darling ♪ ♪ Stay with me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ I think we have just witnessed greatness. The last performance I did felt so good. It felt like I had so much freedom. I had so much to get off my chest. The performance he just put on was a real singing performance. Right. It felt like I had finally arrived, and it touched me just as much as it touched everyone in that crowd. And now, I'm just one performance away from the redemption I've been fighting so hard for. You have no idea how much I want this. ‐Who is it? ‐Who is it? ‐Who is it? ‐Exactly. I‐‐I'm tired of it. I want to know. We all want to know. So who is the Monster? Let's take a look at who the panel has guessed. I'm honestly thinking a comedian, like Tommy Davidson. ‐I mean, Gucci Mane? ‐Nelly. ‐Ooh, that's a good one. ‐I've thought CeeLo Green. I'm still thinking, like, Jamie Foxx. ‐I mean, Puffy. ‐ P. Diddy. ‐You thought that was Diddy? ‐You never know. The old lead singer of Hootie and the Blowfish, Darius Rucker. That's right. Lil Jon? ‐What about Lil Rel? ‐Calvin Harris, maybe? If a DJ could sing like that, he'd stop DJing. Do you think any of them are right? Now, let's eye the clues that could help you figure it out. We saw boom boxes, grills, and a whole lot of partying. ♪ Come on, come on, come on, come on ♪ He revealed a headset on stage. I make my best calls on this headset. We saw him driving from the south in his Caddy. He opened up about his struggles to make a comeback after hitting rock bottom. I fought my demons, and I discovered the little teddy bear I am at heart. ‐Are you a professional singer? ‐Not to everyone. ‐Not to everyone? ‐Bless. To us, you are. When I unmask, I think everybody's going to be very, very surprised. But they're also going to be like "my God, how didn't we figure that out?" Coming up‐‐ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ Whoo! The inside scoop on our remaining finalists the Bee and the Peacock. I am in it to win it, baby! And later, the season finale! Yeah! The winner will be crowned, and all will be revealed. Take it off! ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back to "The Masked Singer," and the road to our big finale. So far, nine of our talented celebrities have been unmasked. How many have you guessed? Tweet us and use the hashtag #TheMaskedSinger and tell us. But right now, let's reveal some of the many secrets of the unmasked stars we know and love. Our first singer to unmask was Hippo, who turned out to be NFL superstar Antonio Brown. ‐ ‐My God! There were plenty of clues to help you guess his identity. Did you catch them? You may have noticed the orange juice in his clue package. It's because Antonio is from Florida. And every time I win, I just got to dance. Even if it gets me in trouble. Maybe somebody who's gone too far with dancing. Robin was on the right track. Antonio was famously fined $10,000 for an endzone dance. And finally, on stage, Antonio shared clue three. My favorite pasttime is bowling. Maybe it could be bowl as in Super Bowl. Nicole was right. He was in a Super Bowl, and selected to six Pro Bowls. If you spotted those clues, you could have guessed Antonio Brown, the masked singer with abs of steel just like Ken. ♪ ♪ Speaking of abs, the next to be sliced from the show was Pineapple. Stop smiling at me! Who turned out to be comedy legend Tommy Chong. My God! Let's see some of his juiciest clues. The yin and yang symbol in his car represents his Chinese heritage. Clue two was the back of his car. ‐Michigan plates, pipe dream. ‐Good call. The judges were on the right track. Tommy's birthday is 5‐24‐38, and he was famously targeted by the government in Operation Pipe Dreams. And clue three? You got to seize the day before your dreams go up in smoke. "Up In Smoke" is the movie he and his partner, Cheech, are most recognized for. The outfits throw you. I couldn't tell you who's behind any mask. I think that's the genius of the show, is that you don't know. Our third unmasked singer was Deer. Panel, what'd you guys‐‐hey! Be careful of those antlers. He's doing that on purpose now. Who turned out to be NFL Hall‐of‐Famer Terry Bradshaw. Buck up as we explain his key clues. Did you notice all the trophies? Bradshaw was an NFL MVP, and two‐time Super Bowl MVP. Trust me, I know how to throw. Clue number two. ‐My gosh, they're throwing. ‐He's a thrower. - ‐He's a quarterback. - Jenny was right. He played quarterback for the Pittsburg Steelers, and he gave clue number three on stage. I love horses. Well, Terry and his family breed and raise champion quarter horses. It takes a lot of guts to do this. I'm proud of myself. I'm voted off, but you know, I wasn't the first. Our fourth singer to unmask was Poodle, who turned out to be actress and comedian Margaret Cho. ‐ ‐Margaret! Now, let's unleash the key clues that could have helped you identify her. ‐San Francisco. ‐Yep, Bay Area. The panel spotted the clues of her hometown of San Francisco. Clue two. 415, stand up! 415 is San Francisco's area code, and of course, Margaret is known for stand‐up comedy. And clue three was the rainbow flag in her package, a nod to her activism for LGBTQ rights. So why the poodle mask? I am fluffy and pink, but I'm still a bitch. Our fifth unmasked singer was Unicorn. I haven't seen this type of stellar performance from a horse since the Kentucky Derby. Who turned out to be actress and author Tori Spelling. Now, let's spell out the clues that could have helped you guess her. I grew up in one of the richest neighborhoods. Born in Beverly Hills. Jenny was right about the sign, and it was also a nod to her starring role in "Beverly Hills 90210." Those five baby unicorns represent Tori's five children. And clue three... Throughout this magical journey, I've been able to craft a new identity. ‐Crafts. ‐Okay, she's crafty. That's right; crafting is her passion. She even hosted a TV show called "Craft Wars." I actually took that mask off more confident than I have in the last 40‐something years. Whoo! Here you go, world. Coming up... Okay, this show just got weirder. We'll crack the clues for the rest of our unmasked singers, and we'll finally reveal the identities of Monster, Bee, and Peacock. I think we're going to freak out. "The Masked Singer" season finale is happening tonight. Welcome back to "The Masked Singer" and the road to our big finale. So far, nine of our singers have had to take their incredible mask off. Our final three are coming off later tonight. And now, let's get the inside info on another of our famous finalists. ♪ Yeah, ‐ you know what it is ♪ ♪ Black and yellow, black and yellow ♪ I'm blessed to have had a long, soaring career, and I'm here to introduce myself to a new generation. ‐Yeah! ‐Snap! I thrive off challenging myself no matter how old I get, and winning this will prove that I can still create a buzz. But when this began, I was so, so nervous. I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into. I had to be led around like I was blind. Before my first song, I just said a prayer and went for it. ♪ Party girls don't get hurt, can't feel anything ♪ ♪ When will I learn, I push it down ♪ ♪ I push it down, ♪ I've been on stage so many times, but never like this. The costume restricts your movement. It's hard to see, and it's difficult to project my voice. ♪ I'm gonna swing ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ I'm going to fly ♪ ♪ Like a bird through the night ♪ ♪ Feel my tears as they dry ♪ ♪ I'm going to swing ♪ I didn't feel like I was at my best in my first song, but it's such a thrill to sing pop hits that are brand‐new to me. ♪ We'll live on for tonight, on for tonight ♪ ♪ On for tonight ♪ Wow! We just knew by her presence that we were in the presence of a legend. I think Bee brings a lot of clout to the show. I mean, her voice. Bee's legend status was confirmed when Nicole asked her the perfect question. What decade did you start singing? ‐What'd she say? ‐Did you say '50s? Said the '50s. Wow. ‐Wow, the '50s. ‐That's 70 years‐‐ that's 68 years ago. They could have started singing at 15. So could have been 15, 16, yeah. Okay, is Shirley Temple still alive? As she flew through the competition, Bee got more comfortable. The costume team opened up the mouth hole to make it easier to sing. I started to adjust and get into my groove. Queen Bee, bring it! By far, my favorite Bee performance was "Wrecking Ball." ♪ We clawed, we chained our hearts in vain ♪ ♪ We jumped, never asking why ♪ I thought that she really elevated the song to a raw, personal vocal out of the pop realm and gave it a soul and a real meaning that she believes, and she is as powerful as a wrecking ball. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ Whoo! ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was break me ♪ ♪ Yeah, you wrecked me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I never meant to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you to let me in ♪ ♪ I guess I should have let you in ♪ Whoo! ♪ Don't you ever say I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always love you ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ All I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ All you ever did was break me ♪ Wow. I just got all choked up, to be honest. I wasn't expecting that. You hit my heart. I've been so deeply moved by the crowd's reaction. I love this more and more with each week. Stepping out of my comfort zone keeps me young, you know. And in Week Eight, Bee moved us by paying homage to an artist she's known since she was younger. ♪ Looking out on the morning rain ♪ ♪ I used to feel so uninspired ♪ Aretha Franklin and I met as kids. She was a dear friend of mine. I love and respect her so much, and wanted to pay a heartfelt tribute to a true legend. ♪ Because you make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ‐Whoo! ‐♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Like a natural woman ♪ Come on, baby, whoo! ♪ You make me feel ♪ ‐♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ‐♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ Like a natural woman ♪ ♪ ♪ Bee, bee, bee! I began this journey so far out of my element, but I never gave up. Being in the final three, you don't know. With the talent that's been in this show, it's such an honor. That's a legend, man. That's a legend right there. But the question remains, which legend is she? Who am I? None of your beeswax! The panel thinks they have it narrowed down. I was thinking, like, Dionne Warwick, or‐‐ ‐Could be Diana Ross? ‐There's Patti LaBelle. Patti LaBelle's hair is definitely represented. It could be Patti's hair. I've been stuck on Gladys Knight. ‐Anita Baker. ‐What if it is Tina Turner? ‐I'm thinking Chaka Khan. ‐Totally. I mean, it could be a Supreme. It could be a Supreme. He is a doctor, ladies and gentleman. He know what he's talking about. I'm not that dumb! I'm not that dumb! Do you think any of them are right? Now, let's inspect our insect's clues. Queen Bee, I want to know. Have you ever won a Grammy before? Actually, I have ten. We know she's been very successful for a very long time, and we saw a ton of food clues. The peaches, the waffles, and of course, the bakeware. ‐Bakeware? ‐This is my second favorite thing to do. You can call me Queen Bee, but "Empress" also suits me. So have you figured it out? When I unmask, America will be blown away. Coming up... Exclusive new clues to the identities of our final three. And then... ‐I can't take it! It's the season finale. Who's behind the mask of our champion? Find out who they are and who will win in the Golden Mask. I told you! I told you. ♪ Who is that? Welcome back to "The Masked Singer" and the road to our big finale. And now, time to reveal more secrets of the unmasked. Our sixth unmasked singer was Raven, who turned out to be talk show host Ricki Lake. Ricki! And now, let's explain some of the many clues that could have helped you guess her. Ricki gave verbal hints to being a talk show host in her clue package. An audience is something I've never had trouble attaining. No one talks more than me. Talk show, no one talks more than me. Good call. Which connects to clue two. She revealed the Emmy she won for hosting "The Ricki Lake Show." Stunting on us with the Emmy! Clue three: So don't cry, baby. This one's for you. She starred in "Cry‐Baby," the John Waters cult classic. She became the Raven for a very special reason. It's about metamorphosis. It's death, but rebirth. And it's kind of significant to me. I went through the loss of my husband last year, and so, it really did kind of speak to me. I really love this character. Our seventh singer to unmask was Alien. ‐She's cute, she's got‐‐ ‐You haven't seen her face. I know. Who made quite the impact on Ken. This is the hottest alien I've ever seen. She turned out to be singer/songwriter La Toya Jackson. Were you paying attention to the clues that could have identified her? Clue one was a verbal hint. I'm excited to be here because in my family, anonymity is a completely alien concept. Famous family. There were many references to her super‐famous Jackson family. Remember all those snakes? La Toya had two pet snakes, and famously posed with one. And clue three was the Indiana police badge she revealed onstage. I'll let her explain. I did a show called "Armed & Famous," and we had to be sworn in, and get our badges and had to pass the test. So that's your real badge? Yeah, that's a true badge, yes. Wow. It's wonderful singing behind the mask. People pre‐judge you, and if they can't really see your face, they can't really pre‐judge you that much. I enjoyed every single moment of it. After roaring to the semifinals, Lion was our eighth singer to unmask. It was like a huge, sexy belt buckle out there. She turned out to be actress Rumer Willis. Not that many people know that I can sing, and I thought that this would be a kind of cool and interesting way to do it without maybe having some of the pre‐conceived judgments that people can have. Let's go into the lion's den and crack her key clues. Some might say I'm Hollywood royalty. But now, I'm standing on my own. Someone who wants to prove themselves. Yeah. Of course she's Hollywood royalty. Her parents are movie stars Bruce Willis and Demi Moore. Did you notice that newspaper headline? It's because our golden lion hails from the city of Hailey, Idaho. Clue three was a big verbal hint. I'll separate from the pack, and build my own empire. She starred as Tory Ash in Fox's "Empire." So why the lion? I'm a Leo, and I have a big lion tattoo on my shoulder. But when I was a kid, my favorite movie was "The Wizard of Oz." I love the juxtaposition of having a character that's so mighty being insecure, and I thought that that was an interesting way to show that people always have kind of two sides. Our last to get unmasked was Rabbit. He embodied his twisted persona at all times. Not even breaking character during breaks. He's still ticking. He's ticking. I know. You know what, it's too much. ‐It scares me. ‐Too much, we're on break. I get it, you're the Daniel Day Lewis of bunnies. He turned out to be singer and TV personality Joey Fatone. Did you figure him out? The clues were right there in front of you. Clue number one: We saw visual hints to where he grew up. Brooklyn, New York, right next to Coney Island. He gave away specific references to his boy band, NSYNC. And you better believe the last mask standing is gonna to be me. "It's Gonna Be Me" was the number one hit on their "No Strings Attached" album Years after, they released the song "Tearing Up My Heart." And clue three: Every week, I get to cook up something new for you all. Joey hosted a food show and opened up a hot dog restaurant called Fat One's. It felt fun being anonymous. But it was always interesting, because not many people get to hear my voice all the time in a solo. It was a blast. Peace. Coming up... Monster, Bee, and Peacock will perform one last time. Who will be the last mask standing? You are going to be very tough to beat. The season finale is almost here. Are you kidding me? Welcome back to "The Masked Singer," and the road to our epic finale. Who will be our last mask standing tonight? Let's get the inside view on our third famous finalist. ♪ ♪ I have done so many performances in my life. Going out as a peacock, is probably the coolest experience of my entire career. ♪ Put your pinky rings up to the moon ♪ My God, that is even better than I ever thought. My dear friend, Michael Jackson, told me because everyone recognizes me, that in order to catapult my career to the next level, I've got to cover my face. Doing this show is really a fulfillment of what Michael Jackson told me. With the season's first performance, Peacock became a clear contender. ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Ladies and gents, this is the moment ♪ ♪ You've been waiting for ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ‐Wow, come on! ‐♪ Searching through ♪ ♪ The dark, your sweat soaking through the floor ♪ I will never forget, the very first show was Peacock singing "The Greatest Showman," and I was blown away by his voice. ♪ It's fire, it's freedom, it's flooding open ♪ He's a performer. ♪ It's a preacher in the pulpit ♪ ♪ And you'll find devotion ♪ ♪ There's something breaking at the brick ♪ ♪ Of every wall that's holding all you know ♪ ♪ So tell me, do you want to go? ♪ ♪ Where it's covered in all the colored lights ♪ ♪ Where the runaways are running the night ♪ ♪ Impossible comes true, it's taking over you ♪ ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ ♪ We light it up, we won't come down ♪ ♪ And the sun can't stop us now ♪ ♪ Watching it come true, it's taking over you ♪ ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ This is the moment, this is the moment ♪ ♪ I've been waiting for ♪ The stakes are high for me to win this. I'm here to re‐invent myself, and captivate new fans. It is never too late for a comeback. ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ My favorite Peacock performance was "The Greatest Showman." Way to kick it off. Because I believe that that's who he is. It embodies his soul, and you can tell that he's been performing his whole life. Hey, Robin, do the peacock sound. Can you do the peacock? In week three, Peacock raised his act to an even higher level, despite unexpected fears for a bird. I have a phobia, and that is I hate heights. I hate ledges. It drives me crazy. ‐That's intense. ‐My God, look at him. And when I put this Peacock mask on, I can't see very well in there. ‐Don't fall. ‐That is scary. When I was on that pole, like, 30 feet in the air, it's mind over matter. You have to forget about it and become the Peacock. ♪ Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep ♪ ♪ Dreaming about the things that we could be ♪ My favorite performance so far was "Counting Stars." I thought he nailed it. ♪ Because we'll be counting stars ♪ ♪ ♪ I had no idea, in my career, I would be saying how great I loved the Peacock. ♪ I see this life, like a swinging vine ♪ ♪ Swing my heart across the line ♪ ♪ In my faces, flashing signs ♪ ♪ Seek it out, and we shall find ♪ ♪ And I feel something so wrong ♪ ‐♪ Doing the right thing ♪ ‐Whoo! ♪ I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie ♪ ♪ Everything that kills me ♪ ♪ Makes me feel alive ♪ ♪ I've been, I've been praying hard ♪ ♪ Said no more counting dollars ♪ ♪ We'll be counting stars ♪ ♪ Take that money, watch it burn ♪ ♪ Sink in the river the lessons I've learned ♪ When the audience starts screaming Peacock, Peacock, Peacock‐‐ ALL: Peacock, Peacock‐‐ That, my friend, is exciting. You move around that stage like you've been doing this since you were very young. Peacock can win it all because he has the confidence more than any other performer in this show. I love your voice. Peacock is a showman. Peacock loves it. This competition gets more exciting as the shows progress. Because, at first, everyone thought "this is a game." But now, it's a competition. I want this so badly, I'll push myself to the limits so I can complete my comeback with a victory. And with the competition heating up in the semi‐finals, Peacock pushed himself harder than ever. I picked the Calvin Harris song because I knew that what I could do is start very much like a peacock. ♪ It's not about what you've done ♪ ♪ It's about what you're doing ♪ ♪ It's all about where you go ♪ ♪ It don't matter where you've been ♪ When the chorus got in, boom! Hey! I got the audience going. Yeah! It was magic. It was exactly what I envisioned in this peacock brain of mine. ♪ Tomorrow's good, tonight is better ♪ ♪ Let's make it happen ♪ ♪ Let's make it happen tonight ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ ♪ Hey, it's now or never ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ There's a peacock on stage, and he just destroyed it. I thought that was his best yet. Peacock is entering the finals as confident as ever. I want to transform you to such an exciting and happy place that when I win, you're going to be excited. But the big question remains. Who is the Peacock? Let's hear from the panel who they think he might be. Well, we've been getting magician. We like Criss Angel, maybe, or David Copperfield. That's a good one. I was going to say David Hasselhoff. ‐Wait a minute, Wayne Brady. ‐You think this is Wayne Brady? ‐Maybe Shaun Cassidy. ‐That's a good guess. Okay, I'm just going to say it could be Neil Patrick Harris. Okay, child prodigies. Donnie Osmond. I'm starting to think Tom Jones, at this point. Just take off your peacock mask! Do you think any of them are right? Have you been following his bread crumbs? We've seen a bunch of Las Vegas clues, and as Nicole can tell you, there were many nods to magic. I have been part of a magic act. He was a bull fighter with a rainbow cape. We saw him holding a dog, and the queen of England. And then, there was that creepy wig. A wig? Because of this wig, I was thrown in jail. Okay, this show just got weirder. It's clear his career began as a teenager, and he's been in the spotlight ever since. I've performed on stages and screens. I've hosted awards shows. When I take this peacock mask off, ‐ho‐ho, you are going to be so surprised. I got to know who the Peacock is. Coming right up, we'll reveal the secret identities of our final three masked singers. But first, something we all need to know about each of them. One more big clue. Listen up, my peacock flock. You could say I strut like an Egyptian, because I had a starring role next to a pharaoh, and another alongside pyramids. Now, Bee may have her hive, but a beehive symbolizes where I'm from. I hope to make you proud as a, well, peacock. ♪ ♪ Hello to all my bee‐lievers. Now, you may ask, did I train for this show? Well, I won a singing competition before the panelists were even born. Peacock may have those Vegas clues, but I once had the number one rated show on the Vegas Strip. I'm no stranger to show bzzz‐ness. What's up, Team Monster? Now, we all may dread it, but let's talk about the bird and the bee. I've got the music, the lyrics, and the cadence to take them down‐‐ whether it's in my cave, at the bar, or on a boat. Coming up... ‐No way! It's "The Masked Singer" season finale. - ‐Boom! - Who's behind the masks? ‐Are you kidding me? And who will win it all? Find out next. This show is crazy! Who will win the Golden Mask? This is no joke now. We now have the cream of the crop. Will it be Peacock? This flashy fowl with the 8‐foot plume and enough sequins to land a plane is ready to show off one final time. I am bringing my A‐game, or my P‐game, I should say, because I am in it to win it, baby! Will it be Bee? The singer with the stinger and an antenna so big it gets cable may be sweet as honey, but she's ready to swarm. I like that kind of competition because it makes you strive to be better. I'm going to float like a butterfly, and sing like a bee. Or will it be Monster? This one‐eyed, two‐toothed, three‐fingered blue behemoth is for real, and ready to roll. I'm going to be the last mask standing, trust me. I know for a fact that I want it more than anybody else. The final three have been rehearsing all week for the grand finale. I'm going to take it big. I want to make sure that I go out with a bang. In my final performance, it's another song that I feel so very close to. I would love to be the last mask standing there. I have picked a song that I think is going to blow the house down. ♪ ♪ I want that Golden Mask. Wow, sounds like our top three are all fired up and ready to go to battle. Who will win this Golden Mask? "The Masked Singer" finale starts right now! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 