The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e7 - All Together Now - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - All Together Now - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. This is The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ Each week, celebrities ‐perform undercover. ‐ - ‐Who is it? - Leaving the ‐panelists... ‐Oh, my God! And you at home guessing... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐Paris Hilton. ‐Meghan Markle. It could be Donnie Wahlberg. You would know if this was your husband, wouldn't‐‐ He hasn't answered the phone every time Rabbit's been onstage. Last week, Raven had to take it off. Who is it? Ricki Lake! Ricki! Tonight, the six remaining celebrities fight for their place in the semifinal. And comedian J. B. Smoove joins the panel. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is the snazziest prom couple I've ever seen in my life. Who will live to sing again? You are a born, natural performer. And who will be unmasked before your eyes? - ‐Oh, my God! - This might be the freakiest set I've ever been on. Please welcome your host, Nick Cannon! ♪ Who, who ♪ ♪ Who, who ♪ ♪ Oh, tell me who are you ♪ ♪ Who are you ♪ ♪ Who are you ♪ I'm Nick Cannon, and these are our final six masked singers. Now, between them, these six stars have 54 Grammy nominations, 41 gold records, have made 49 films, and starred in eight Broadway shows, but that doesn't change this fact: one of their famous faces will be unmasked tonight. And as always, we depend on the wit and wisdom of our lead detectives. Let's hear it for our celebrity sleuths. Make some noise for Robin Thicke, Jenny McCarthy, Ken Jeong, Nicole Scherzinger, and I cannot curb my enthusiasm about our special guest panelist tonight, my close friend, my buddy, the always hilarious J. B. Smoove. All right, now, J. B., our panel so far is batting about .500 guessing who these singers are, and that's being pretty generous, all right? That's why we had to bring you in, my brother. So we‐‐we glad you're here with us tonight. Good to be here, Nick. First up tonight, our most mysterious masked singer of all. Is he a comedian, is he a rapper, is he a athlete, or does he owe me money? Pay attention, because the clues are coming in, and they're coming in fast about the Monster. Being here has given me a chance to share my true voice with the world. Every week, he impresses me even more. I've discovered a vulnerable side that I never knew I had. When I was just a little monster, growing up down south... ‐Down south? ‐Lil Pump. I had to stay inside because it was too dangerous out. Eventually, I discovered I had a gift. Pretty soon, I was living the good life. I was even winning awards. But out of nowhere, people started saying I wasn't the real deal. It took me a long time to realize I couldn't let them make me a bad boy for life. - ‐Was he a rapper? - ‐ P. Diddy? So I came out from under the bed and decided to step back into the ring. Okay, who's a boxer? Like Sugar Ray Leonard... My shot at the semifinals is all teed up, so tonight, I'm coming out swinging. That's a golf reference again. And I hope the little monster in me will be proud. ♪ ♪ ♪ I saw him dancing there by the record machine ♪ ♪ I knew he must have been about 17 ♪ ♪ The beat was going strong ♪ ♪ Playing my favorite song ♪ ♪ And I could tell that it wouldn't be long ♪ ♪ Till he was with me, yeah me ♪ ♪ And I could tell that it wouldn't be long ♪ ♪ Till he was with me, yeah me ♪ ♪ Singing I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ Put another dime in the jukebox, baby ♪ ♪ I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ So come and take your time and dance with me ♪ ♪ Oh, hey ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ Come on, Monster. ♪ He said can I take you home ♪ ♪ Where we can be alone ♪ ♪ Next we're moving on and he was with me, yeah me ♪ ♪ And next we were moving on ♪ ♪ He was with me, yeah me ♪ ♪ Singing I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby ♪ ♪ I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ So come and take your time and dance with ♪ ♪ I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ So put another dime in the jukebox baby ♪ ♪ I love rock and roll ♪ ♪ So come and take your time and dance with me ♪ Wow. Monster! That's how you lead off a show. He loves rock 'n' roll, and we love the Monster! Whoo! J.B., as the newbie here, don't you think the Monster rocked it? ‐Oh, my God. I'ma tell you‐‐ ‐You gotta stand up for that? - ‐Oh, always stand up. - Okay. Okay. I don't know what the hell is going on around here, but this is incredible. This Monster is a fabulous performer. He got one eye... ‐And has two teeth. ‐And those two teeth‐‐ those two baby shoes in your mouth Let me tell you something, man. I'm blowing‐‐ I'm blown away. Monster you've just been stepping it up week after week. You have all them runs and them ad‐libs. You took a rock song. You did your own thing on it. I don't know who you are, but that was a great performance. You're absolutely one of my favorites. Mr. Robin Thicke. He's been my favorite, uh, for the last few episodes. You make me smile from ear to ear, and your performances are unpredictable. You don't do the same type of music every week, which is why I still believe that you are definitely a professional singer, which is why I think I‐‐I should be able to recognize it, but I just can't. - ‐This is a hard one. - Looking at the clues, in the past, he had a boom box, ‐in the first package. ‐That's right. ‐Oh. ‐Um, he had a money gun, like he was a baller. Making it rain? It did say that he‐‐he couldn't always be a bad boy for life. Could be a rapper. Lil Jon? Rapper or a boxer, because when we say "swing," we've always brought up baseball, tennis, but I think it might be swing as in, like, ‐a boxer. ‐I don't know any boxers who, like, releases albums, you know? I just‐‐ I do. Roy Jones, Jr., in case you forgot. No, d‐‐ no, I don't think so. Oh, I know who it is! ‐I know who it is! ‐Who is it, J. B.? It's Mike Tyson. It's not Mi‐‐ you really think this sounds like Mike Tyson singing Joan Jett? That'd be amazing, if this was Mike Tyson. - ‐My bad. - I don't know why everyone thinks it's an athlete. I mean, look how amazing a singer and a dancer and charisma‐‐ I mean, it still could be a comic. Then‐‐Ken and I have been going back and forth that maybe it's Tommy Davidson or somebody - ‐from In Living Color... - Yes! Because the Monster's been, uh, probably the funniest character we've had on the show the whole time. What do you think? In Living Color? I'ma tell you something. Those are the feet of a black man, I can tell you right now, and I know‐‐ I know Tommy Davidson's feet. He has the feet of a 12‐year‐old, and those are size 5 1/2. ‐ ‐Could be. It sounds like you guys need another clue. Monster, can you give us a moment of truth? I was not on In Living Color, and my shoe size - ‐is 12. - He's not Tommy Davidson. Now we know it's not Tommy Davidson. So that helped. See? That helped. ‐All right. We're getting off to a good start today, guys. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the Monster! Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? ♪ ♪ There's no boxer that can sing. No boxer I know has ever‐‐ I've never said, "Hey, hey, I want to download that Holyfield song." "Hey... ‐That Holyfield song. "Did you hear that, uh, Buster Douglas is opening up for Childish Gambino?" Just so stupid. The panel is way off by miles, and I love it. I remain a favorite. I'm gonna be the last mask standing, trust me. ANNOUNCER: Coming up: ‐I'm very confused. The battle for the semifinals heats up. You would know if this was your husband, wouldn't you? He hasn't answered the phone every time Rabbit's been on stage. ‐ ANNOUNCER: And later, one of these characters will be unmasked and sent packing. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐No way! ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back to The Masked Singer. Now, let's look at the latest video by a great lady herself, the Lion. Now, to get you up to speed, this Lion we think is a superstar singer. Down in the cabaret bars of old Chicago... Cabaret... Who was in Chicago? Catherine Zeta‐Jones, Renée Zellweger... I hear whispers and gossip as people seek me out, but I like that they still can't say my name. "Say My Name." Another Destiny's Child. Here in Hollywood, you can lose yourself in a famous family. It's not like the bluegrass state I've known. ♪ ♪ Sisters... Sisters. Came from a group of girls. I know I can't get too comfortable in the competition. It's scary. Scary. So is that, like, Scary Spice from the Spice Girls? But with true grit, and a diamond heart, I'll separate from the pack and build my own empire. ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ ♪ ♪ Young wild American ♪ ♪ Looking to be something ♪ ♪ Out of school go‐going ♪ ♪ For a hundred or two ♪ ♪ Somebody broke me in ♪ ♪ Wrecked all my innocence ♪ ♪ I'll just keep go‐going ♪ ♪ And this dance is on you ♪ ♪ One, five, ten ♪ ♪ Lay a million on me ♪ ♪ Before the end of this song ♪ ♪ Young wild American ♪ ♪ Come on baby ♪ ♪ Do you have a girlfriend ♪ ♪ Rain on me a million ♪ ♪ I'm not flawless ♪ ♪ But I got a diamond heart ♪ ♪ Oh I ♪ ♪ I might not be flawless ♪ ♪ But you know I got a diamond heart ♪ ♪ Good thing I know what I'm worth ♪ ♪ Want a good thing ♪ ♪ Put the money down first ♪ ♪ Better get a good look baby ♪ ♪ 'Cause soon I'm breaking out of here ♪ ♪ Young wild American ♪ ♪ I'm not flawless ♪ ♪ But I got a diamond heart ♪ ♪ Oh I ♪ ♪ I might not be flawless ♪ ♪ But you know I got a diamond heart ♪ ♪ Oh I ♪ ♪ I might not be flawless ♪ ♪ But you know I got a diamond heart ♪ Whoo! Young, wild, and American, comes the fierce Lion! Lion! Panel, what did you think about the performance? She always delivers, every single week. You are a true star. Amazing voice. ‐Man, you got‐‐ ‐Oh, J. B.'s standing up again! You are a golden piece of gaudy jewelry. Understand? If I was a rapper, I would wear you around my damn neck. I don't know who the hell you are, but God dang it, I'm impressed. What I love about you, Lion, is you have this great, soulful country tone. You have made a reference to bluegrass. I grew up in Kentucky, so I don't know if you come from Kentucky or the South, but I hear it in your tone. Nicole, maybe you're onto something. That's very smart. Thanks, guys. I'm‐‐I'm sick of this. You know what? J.B.'s standing. I don't know too many country artists who changed their style and went and did pop or rap. I think right now, we're going in the wrong direction, and believe me, I have solved a lot of mysteries in my time. Who shot Ray Ray. Uh... Look at her! You're gonna kill the Lion! She is cracking up over here. I still think she was part of a girl group. Are we sure that she was in a girl group? She said "separate herself from the pack." ‐Oh, okay. ‐That's what she said. Yeah Mel B, maybe, or Destiny's Child. Come on. Yeah, there was a "Say My Name" reference, but, um, does anyone know if you saw the newspaper in her new clue package and it said "Gold found in Hailey." I don't know where Hailey is. Is that in‐‐ is that a city in the‐‐ Oh, Hailee Steinfeld, and she said True Grit. ‐Oh! ‐That's awesome, Nicole. All good guesses, but now it's time to get a hint or few. Lion, it's time for the moment of truth. I have a subscription to a monthly murder mystery game. ‐Who doesn't? ‐Subscrip‐‐ Subscription to a monthly murder mystery game? ‐Uh‐huh. ‐Angela Lansbury? Nailed it. Show's over. Mr. Smoove, go ahead and make some sense out of all of this, sir. I'ma put a bow on this. This is the snazziest prom couple I've ever seen in my life. Aww. The Lion! Y'all make some noise for her! Thank you, Lion, for that amazing performance. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask, and if the Lion loses the vote tonight we'll find out if they're right. ♪ Hey ♪ She's got that stage performance body. Yeah, she's got swag. When she walks, she walks like a dancer. I can't wait to find out who this is. I have to know. ♪ Who is that ♪ We are back. Think you know who's behind the mask for any of our final six? Tweet and tell us. Use the hashtag #TheMaskedSinger, and now, let's look for clues about a star who's truly out of this world: the Alien. ♪ 'Cause I'm happy ♪ ♪ Clap along if you feel ♪ During the last performance, I finally got the panel to recognize my voice and not just my body. Oh, she coming out singing ‐tonight! ‐Yeah. Not winning now would be criminal, and I know a thing or two about the law. Welcome to Alien & Alien Associates. Have you been convicted of a crime against fashion? Have you ever fallen off of a runway? Fashion, runway... Nicole Richie. Whether you're from the 'Bu... Oh, the 'Bu. Malibu. Paris Hilton. Or the Moulin Rouge... Another Moulin Rouge! reference. It could be Paris. Find us at 52‐2 north and 57‐66 east. She's been sued. Yeah, famous lawsuit. We are the world's best law firm. All calls are $19.56 per minute. And how could she not be a model? She's the hottest thing I've ever seen. She's an attorney. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Judge Judy. ♪ ♪ ♪ I had me a boy turned him into a man ♪ ♪ I taught him everything that he didn't understand ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ And then I let him go ♪ ♪ One, two, three, they gonna run back to me ♪ ♪ Climbing over mountains ♪ ♪ And sailing over seas ♪ ♪ One, two, three, they gonna run back to me ♪ ♪ They always wanna come but they never wanna leave ♪ ♪ My exes ♪ ♪ And oh‐oh‐oh's they haunt me ♪ ♪ Like gho‐o‐osts they want me ♪ ♪ To make them... ♪ ♪ They won't let go ♪ ♪ Ex's and oh's ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐That was awesome! Alien! Alien! Alien! Alien! You got the crowd going crazy, and everyone on their feet. The Alien. ‐Man, look at this, man. ‐And he's standing up again. ‐ ‐This is fabulous. This might be the freakiest set I've ever been on. Let me tell you something. I've been to a lot of shows, concerts, all around the world, but you, take me to your leader. Nicole. First of all, that was an awesome performance, Alien, 'cause I feel every week, you're stepping up your game and you're doing your thing. I feel like you have some type of a recording voice. Thank you. All right. To keep us all guessing, Alien, can you give us a moment of truth? I have been on The New York Times best‐seller list twice. ‐ ‐Oh. What kind of books do you think she wrote? Uh, just, you know, books about aliens ‐and space and‐‐ JENNY: Or law. But this is the trickiest one, to me. I really don't know. Okay, so let's go through what we know. Uh, she fell off a runway, ‐so a model, possibly. ‐Yeah. She brought out a badge, where she protects. Maybe she's‐‐ guards her family‐‐ very protective of her family, because her family is famous. There were also some references to The Simple Life, "that's hot" - ‐and some of that stuff. - Right. I still think Nicole Richie. Possible, or Sofia Richie. - ‐That's a good one. - There's that reference to the snake. Remember, that snake keeps coming through? La Toya Jackson had a pet snake, and she loves snakes. ‐Possibly. ‐Or a cold‐hearted snake... So Paula Abdul? That's right, we did make reference that it was Paula. She's tiny, like Paula. But does she have two best‐sellers? Tell you who it's not. ‐ ‐Who is it not? It's not Paula Abdul. Why do you think‐‐ ‐Why? Everybody knows Paula Abdul is a pure dancer. A pure dancer has thicker legs, and they love to dance around. You gotta shoot a tranquilizer in their neck to make them stop dancing. They love to dance. She's dancing on the show, though, J. B. All I'm saying is, I've seen Paula Abdul get whiplash one night on stage. I don't know, but one thing we do know: Alien gave us a great performance tonight. Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much, Alien. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask, and if Alien loses tonight's vote, we'll find out if they're right. Hey, guys. Think about Carmen Electra. - ‐ Carmen... Right. - That's right. I think we forgot about her. When people forget about you, you feel like a damn alien. Okay? ‐Am I right or wrong? ‐Yeah. Now, let's keep our eyes peeled for any clues about a singer with a voice like honey: the Bee. So far on the show, I've been singing hits from today's music. I just got all choked up, to be honest. I wasn't expecting that. You hit my heart. But now that the competition is getting tougher, I'm going back to what I know best. I love the men in the pool. A few of us queen bees got our groove on back then. This bee's a legendary singer. That's the clue. So which one am I? Am I bringing a new attitude... Is that Patti LaBelle, who sang "New Attitude"? - ‐Yep. - Am I a super woman? ‐Gladys Knight? ‐Yeah. So they're throwing out a bunch of different song titles. Right? And I prove that we don't need another hero. That's Tina Turner. Am I giving you the best that I got? I think that's Anita Baker, right? Or do I buzz around a different beehive? I'll let you figure that out while I sing a sexy song from a very close friend. We've been thrown so many times with the Bee. I'm very confused. ♪ ♪ ♪ You must understand ♪ ♪ Though the touch of your hand ♪ ♪ Makes my pulse react ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ That it's only the thrill ♪ ♪ Of boy meeting girl ♪ ♪ Opposites attract ♪ ♪ It's physical ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Only logical ♪ Who is that? ♪ You must try to ignore ♪ ♪ That it means more than that ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ What's love but a secondhand emotion ♪ ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken ♪ ♪ I've been taking on a new direction ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ But I have to say ♪ ♪ I've been thinking about my own protection ♪ ♪ It scares me to feel this way ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ What's love but a secondhand emotion ♪ ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken ♪ ‐♪ What's love got to do ♪ ‐Oh, man. ♪ Got to do with it ♪ Oh, Bee! Ah! We bow down to the queen! You guys had to be feeling that as much as we were, right? ‐Oh, yeah. ‐Absolutely. Unbelievable. Queen Bee, it was so commanding and so powerful, but you do it with such grace and such ease. We don't have people doing it like that these days. Thank you so much. ‐Yeah. There are very few singers who could beat Ms. Tina Turner, and you're obviously a living legend, and we're honored to have you on the show. All right, detectives. From everything that we've seen, what have you learned about the Bee? I've been, uh, stuck on Gladys Knight for a while. I think I recognize the voice, but then today, we heard all these song titles. "We Don't need Another Hero." ‐That's a Tina Turner song. ‐"New Attitude." Patti LaBelle. We might be getting all these other names just to throw us off, but‐‐ Exactly. Not throwing me. I'm‐‐ I'm ignoring all that stuff. I'm gonna‐‐I'm watching‐‐ hey. Okay, you don't have to stand up, you know? I'm watching the confidence and stage presence. Nobody's grandma does this all day. Whoever's in that costume has a rep - ‐for being sexy. - Okay, there you go. - Okay. - And just for my own purposes‐‐ and let my wife know that they make this costume in‐‐in her size‐‐ is there a stinger on the back of that bad boy? Are these all roleplay ideas for you and your wife? - ‐Yes, they are. - Is this all roleplay? Of course they are, okay? No one be on a freak‐ass show like this and not get ideas. Let me just say this. I‐‐I was thinking, first of all, that the baking was a clue for her name, - ‐like Anita Baker. - Yeah. Was trying to throw us. Well, "Giving You the Best That I Got" was also another Anita Baker song. That's not Anita Baker's voice, though. But to your point, Robin, what if she can disguise her voice? What if that's why Anita Baker would be on the show, to show that she doesn't have to sing like Anita Baker? ‐That's true. That's true. ‐I'm very confused. Well, it sounds like we need some more clues, right? - ‐Yep. - Ms. Bee, can you give us a moment of truth? Queen Bee, I want to know, have you ever won a Grammy before? Actually, I have ten. - Oh! - What? So she is a legend. I'm dying to know who it is. One thing we definitely do know: another amazing performance by the Bee. Keep it going for the queen. ♪ ♪ Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? I'm not nervous about the panel figuring it out. This bee is buzzing all the way through this competition. ♪ Who is that ♪ ANNOUNCER: Coming up: ROBIN: Yeah! Nick, I know this whole thing is a cult. I know already. Take it off! Take it off! And later, one singer's dream of reaching the semifinals is crushed. I was right! No way! Hi, everyone. Our next performer is the Rabbit. Please head to wardrobe. I'm gonna blow your mind. ♪ Ooh ♪ Welcome back. Soon, we will reveal who has made our final five, but first, let's examine every hair on this video for clues about the Rabbit. ♪ That girl is ♪ Nothing's been more satisfying, week after week, than showing off what I've got. Oh, he's a professional dancer or singer. And standing out all on my own. Much of my career was spent in a herd, others pulling my strings, so it's nice to finally be the puppet master. Is there a country western boy band? Like Rascal Flatts? I've prepared for this since hanging tough ‐in the sunshine state. ‐Grew up in Florida. Hang tough? Uh, New Kids on the Block. Be unmasked that I would break my achy heart. The competition is cooking with some amazing singers, so now, the puppet master turns ringmaster as I put my own twisted spin on a lovely classic. Dude, this is... ‐Bananas. ‐B‐A‐N‐A‐N‐A‐S. Insane asylum Rabbit. ♪ ♪ ♪ Isn't she lovely ♪ ♪ Isn't she wonderful ♪ ♪ Isn't she precious ♪ ♪ Less than one minute old ♪ ♪ I never thought that love would be ♪ ♪ Raised in love in the VC ♪ ♪ But isn't she lovely ♪ ♪ Made from love ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoa! ♪ Isn't she pretty ♪ ♪ Truly the angels' best ♪ ♪ Man I'm so happy ♪ ♪ We have been heaven‐blessed ♪ ♪ I can't believe... ♪ ♪ Without you who conceived the one ♪ ♪ So very lovely made from love ♪ Yeah! ♪ I never thought ♪ ♪ That love would be ♪ ♪ Making love as only she ♪ ♪ So very lovely ♪ ♪ Made from love ♪ - Wow. - Oh, wow. ‐Yay. ‐Rabbit! Rabbit! He's gonna twitch. Watch this. He's gonna twitch. Look at that. Rabbit! ‐Hop on down here! Rabbit! Rabbit! Rabbit! Gang, what did you guys think about the Rabbit's performance? I loved it. I mean, everybody else has been kind of following the script of the original song. To see you really make it your own‐‐ we realize you love soul music, but you also love country and rock, and I thought it was just a great amalgamation of all that. Amalgamation! That's a big one on Scrabble. Big one. I'm gonna take over from here, um, as J. B. would like to say. Um... ‐ That's cute. Like your style, girl. I never thought I would buy tickets to a psychotic bunny concert, but I might just do it now. That was a great J. B. impression. Nice. Dr. Smoove. ‐Obviously, you had‐‐ ‐He stayed seated. Oh. Obviously... I am absolutely blown away by this rabbit. The only place you're gonna see this is at some futuristic strip club or on this amazing show you have here, Nick Cannon. Fabulous. All right, truth time. Rabbit, you gotta hook us up with a clue. Can you give us a moment of truth? I have 17 tattoos on my body. 17 tattoos? Doesn't surprise me. He's taken on this role of psychotic bunny. Does that help you? - ‐None of this does. - Exactly. I felt like I caught on to something tonight. As soon as I heard your tone, I felt like it was JC from NSYNC. - You could be right. - I mean‐‐ Let me go through the clues. He said he was in a band, not necessarily the lead singer. He likes to cook, or has a restaurant, uh, much like NKOTB, Donnie Wahlberg, but, um... You would know if this was your husband, wouldn't you? He hasn't answered the phone every time Rabbit's been onstage. ‐That is true. ‐So this could be your husband. It could be, and I literally just wrote down Donnie, because‐‐ That might be kind of amazing. Ken's sister was on the show. Let's not bring that up. But he's also from Florida, right? Didn't he say the sunshine state? - ‐Yeah. - Okay, so he could also be Joey Fatone, who has a hot dog restaurant. I've thought it was Joey from the body language - ‐from the very beginning. - Billy‐‐ Billy Ray Cyrus. There was a achy breaky‐‐ NICOLE: "Achy Breaky Heart." ‐Yeah. ‐Miley's daddy? Maybe. - I - don't think Miley's daddy can move like this anymore. He gonna achy break something. That was a good one, Nick. It wasn't a good one! Come on, not‐Steve Harvey! Come on. Yo, clearly, we have lost control... I know. ‐But this performance was out of control. Keep it going... - ‐Rabbit! - For the Rabbit. Our panel thought Rabbit might be one of these celebrities If he gets the least votes tonight, we'll find out if they're right. I keep thinking he's Joey. But Joey's heavy. Joey's heavier. - ‐He's thick. - Joey, out of all the boys, is the most playful. I feel like it's Joey. Now, I know I took a big risk with that song choice, but I hope my vocal chops impressed everyone enough to keep me here. I really want that trophy in my house. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ We're back. Tonight, six will become five, and that means the singer with the weakest performance will reveal their secret identity and leave the lair, but first, it's hard to be cocky on this show, but our final performer has earned that right. It's the Peacock. I've been getting fan mail since I was a wee little peachick. After all, I started my career as a show biz prodigy, and it's led me down many different magical paths. ‐Magic again. ‐Is he a magician? I've performed on stages and screens and I've hosted award shows. From hosting award shows. Neil Patrick Harris, maybe? And I've accumulated fans all over the world, including knights, kings, and queens. Ah, maybe British? He had Queen Elizabeth. Elton John? But the crazy thing is those fans don't even know I'm here. I am one performance away from the semifinal, and I am more determined than ever to outshine the rest of the singers. Remember this. Peacock is very cocky also. That's Neil Patrick Harris. I want this so bad, I can't feel my face. ♪ ♪ This is somebody that's, like, been in the business. Wayne Brady. That's actually not a bad guess. ♪ She told me don't worry about it ♪ ♪ She told me don't worry no more ♪ ♪ But we both know we can't go ♪ ♪ Without it ♪ ♪ She told me you'll never ♪ ♪ Be alone ♪ ♪ Oh, oh whoo ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ And I know she'll be the death of me ♪ ♪ At least we'll both be numb ♪ ♪ And she'll always get the best of me ♪ ♪ The worst is yet to come ♪ ♪ All the misery was necessary when we're deep in love ♪ ♪ This I know ♪ ♪ Yes I know ♪ ♪ She told me don't worry about it ♪ ♪ She told me don't worry no more ♪ ♪ We both know we can't go without it ♪ ♪ She told me you'll never be alone ♪ ‐♪ Whoo ♪ NICOLE: Yay! Get it! ♪ But I love it, yeah ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face when I'm with you ♪ ♪ But I love it ♪ ♪ Girl I love it ♪ ♪ But I love it girl I love it ♪ ♪ ♪ And we love it too! I mean, he is a star. Yeah, keep it going for the Peacock! I mean, every single time, since day one, you've come out, I know that you were a prodigy. You were born to be an entertainer. You rocked it tonight. Rocked it. Thank you. I'm saying he got the little peacock strut. You always find a way to make us laugh and make us smile. When you do a smoother song, it doesn't lend to your over‐the‐top ability that‐‐where you're at your most comfortable, but he always puts on a great physical performance. Hey, I am blown away. Peacock... Let me take a nap... Yo, Peacock, look. Nick, Nick, I know this whole thing is a cult. I know already. Wait, wait, you're s‐‐ this is not a cult. Peacock, your style, your movements, your mannerisms are fabulous, and it's obvious you have a background that should be in Vegas somewhere. ‐ Thank you. ‐ You need a residency ‐in Vegas somewhere. ‐Actually, that's the smartest thing you've ever said. He's been part of a magic act at some point. Also, we saw a rainbow flag, or a shirt. That's been kind of prevalent. It was a rainbow flag. That's the Neil Patrick Harris connection that I keep talking about. I could be completely wrong. I really think you're completely wrong. I don't think it's NPH. It's not Neil. I don't think it's Neil either. Wait a minute! Wayne Brady! He's hosted shows. He's hosted shows. Think this is Wayne Brady? Wayne Brady's voice is pretty recognizable. I don't think that's Wayne. Okay, child prodigy Donny Osmond? He's got an older voice. No offense, Peacock. I don't mean that old. I mean, I'm‐‐like, as old as me. - ‐More seasoned. - Yeah. This is a hard one. Just take off your peacock mask! - Take it off! - No, no, no. Okay, well, Mr. Peacock, it's time for you to give us a moment of truth. My face has been tattooed on a person's body. Look, I'm not trying to brag or talk about myself, but Mr. Chow has been, like, tattooed on‐‐ on people's bodies I don't think that's that big a deal. We are, as usual, stumped. I'm sorry. I can't figure it out. Well, one thing we weren't stumped about was this amazing performance. The Peacock set it off once again fully swagged out. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? We've now seen all of our final six masked singers. The time has come for our studio audience and panel to vote now for their favorite all‐around performer. The celebrity with the least votes will be unmasked and sent home at the end of the night. And wherever you are, use that hashtag, #TheMaskedSinger, and tell us about your favorites as well. The votes are all in. Tonight's unmasked singer is... The votes are all in, and it is my duty to say that tonight's unmasked singer is... The Alien. Keep it going for the Alien. She was amazing. ‐She was amazing. ‐Alien. The rest of you, head back to the lair. Thank you all. Alien! But panel, who on Earth do you think this really is? Go ahead, Jenny. I'm going to go with Sofia Richie. - Sofia Richie? - Yes. Interesting. You went from Nicole to Sofia. Yeah, you know, The Simple Life and that talk kind of gave me clues along with "come from a famous family," but Sofia‐‐ I remember there was a connection with the snake. Definitely a similar shade. You might be right. Nicole, what do you think? I believe it's La Toya Jackson. She said in the beginning her family was looked at for being weird, okay? Then, the other week, I heard that sweet Jackson‐type tone in her voice. - ‐Yep. - Okay, and the badge was from Indiana. I felt like that's kind of what gave it away to me, so‐‐and La Toya had a pet snake, and so... I've not gotten one right, and I'm putting it all down on La Toya Jackson, guys. Ken. Uh, I‐‐I think it's Paula Abdul, and‐‐ Man. There's a grace in how she sings and how she moves. I mean, I think this is the great Paula Abdul. You could be right, but you're wrong. Okay, all right. All right. She is loaded with sexiness. That's why I think it might be Carmen Electra. Nice guess. Carmen Electra. For throwing out there. Can she sing? Does she even sing? Yes, she does. ‐Of course she does. ‐Come on, man. ‐Robin. Well, I‐I've been stuck on the La Toya Jackson thing. I agree with‐‐with Nicole. I thought it was La Toya for a while, from the, uh, body language to the type of voice, but I'll just back you up. I'll ride the cart right behind you, Nicole. Okay, ride in the car behind me. All right. Well, you guys ready to figure it out? - Yes! - You've made the final guesses. Now let's see if any of you were right. We all need to know now! The Alien, show us all who's behind the mask. Take it off! ‐Sofia Richie! ‐Take it off! Take it off! Come on, La Toya. You can do it. Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! ♪ ♪ Oh, my goodness! Superstar singer‐entertainer La Toya Jackson! ‐ ‐No way! Nicole knew it! Robin knew it! - I am so shocked. - Wow. How does it feel to finally reveal yourself? It feels absolutely wonderful. You guys were so great. I love all of you. I love you too. ‐Oh, we love you too. You guys were wonderful. Ken still wants to marry you. I love you. My wife said it's okay. Yes. I mean, and Robin Thicke‐‐ every week, he was saying you could be one of the Hadid sisters. He was saying you were a supermodel. I‐‐I really have to truly be honest with all of you that, um, the reason I did this actually is because people have a tendency to prejudge you and the way you sing, and the things, and they compare you to other people in your family, and I just want to do it and see how far I'd go. Now, are there any other big clues that we may have missed? Like, the snake... Do you own a snake? I used to. I used to have two, Adam and Eve. - Wow. - Y'all remember the whole snake thing with La Toya J‐‐ I‐‐I remember. I remember that very well. I was young. I remember that. I rememb‐‐ and me and Robin remember the snake. I was a young, impressionable lad. La Toya Jackson. ‐La Toya! ‐Whoo! La Toya! Next week, our semifinals begin, and for the first time ever, two singers will be unmasked, but before we go, to sing for us once again, unmasked, once and for all, ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for La Toya Jackson! ♪ They always wanna come but they never wanna leave ♪ ♪ Ex's and oh‐oh‐oh's they want me ♪ ♪ Like gho‐o‐osts they haunt me... ♪ La Toya's amazing! Look at her! ♪ They won't let go ♪ ♪ Ex's and oh's ♪ ‐ ‐I can see him! ♪ ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 