The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e1 - Season Premiere: Mask On Face Off - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Season Premiere: Mask On Face Off - full transcript 
 The first six undercover celebrity singers -- peacock, hippo, monster, unicorn, deer and lion -- face off against one another in elaborate head-to-toe costumes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE ANNOUNCER: TV's wildest singing show... ‐(laughs) ANNOUNCER: ...is here. Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. ♪ All the leaves are brown ♪ I feel like I know that voice. ‐♪ You can be cool ♪ ANNOUNCER: This is... Unbelievable. I cannot wait to find out who this is. ANNOUNCER: 12 celebrities will compete 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with one big twist. I have no idea who this is. ANNOUNCER: They are all disguised in costumes from head to toe. Their identities are hidden on and off the stage. Their voices distorted in interviews. Maximum security out here. ANNOUNCER: It'll be TV's best kept secret. NICK: Grammy winners, Emmy winners, it could be anybody. ‐P. Diddy. ‐Paula Abdul. 50 Cent. Thought it was Bee‐yoncé up here. Welcome to The Masked Singer, President Barack Obama. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ You can be cool, you can be shy ♪ ANNOUNCER: Each week the celebrities will sing to impress the panel and studio audience. ♪ Stay with me ♪ And I love him so much, he's making me cry. ANNOUNCER: The weakest performer of the night is eliminated and unmasked... ALL: Take it off! ANNOUNCER: ...before your eyes. (cheers and applause) ANNOUNCER: Tonight, six singers face off. Peacock versus Hippo. Monster versus Unicorn. And Deer versus Lion. At the end of the night, the first famous face is revealed. Oh, my God! ANNOUNCER: Get ready to play the wildest guessing game... ‐Who could that be? ANNOUNCER: ...on TV. Who is under the mask? ♪ Who are you ♪ (cheers and applause) ♪ I really want to know ♪ ♪ Oh tell me who are you ♪ ♪ You, you, ah, you ♪ (cheers and applause) Welcome, everybody, to a very revealing show, The Masked Singer. Oh, yeah. I'm Nick Cannon, and we're not here to make people famous. Our masked singers already are famous. Starting right now, we're all detectives in a very big musical mystery to find out who's behind the mask. You're all invited to play along with us, because The Masked Singer isn't just a whodunit. This is a whosungit, and just like you, I have no idea who any of these singers are. Some of them may be friends. Some of them I may have married. We'll never know. Our celebrity panelists have no idea who these singers are either. First, let's hear it for a singing sensation with a golden ear. Mr. Robin Thicke. (cheers and applause) The vivacious and opinionated Jenny McCarthy. (cheers and applause) He's our very own comedy doctor, the brilliant and hilarious Ken Jeong. What's up, Nick Cannon? She's a gifted singer and dancer who was the voice of the Pussycat Dolls. Nicole Scherzinger. (cheers and applause) Thank you in advance for your detective work. We need you out here, all right? Right? Finally, someone needs us. Remember, before this night is over, someone's mask is coming off, and his or her secret identity will be revealed. Tonight, six masked singers will face off against each other. You've got... Now, time for our first‐ever face‐off. Here to ruffle some feathers, enter the Peacock. (Bruno Mars's "24K Magic" plays) ♪ ♪ Look at the plume. Oh, my God, that is even better than I ever thought. ♪ Head to toe, so player ♪ Oh, smooth. Swag. Can it be the figure skater Johnny Weir, because his outfit is so extravagant? Good thought, good thought. Ready to make a really big splash, release the Hippo. ♪ Yeah yeah ♪ (hip‐hop music) Oh, my God, Hippo! ♪ ♪ The Hippo got moves. Just saying, I recognize his dance moves. Okay, I want a good, clean musical fight, you two. Look at‐‐Peacock looks like he's gonna go after him. The swagginess against the sauciness. I see it. Now, now, now. Back up, I don't wanna have to get between y'all. Now I know we all want to know who is behind the mask. Well, there are clues everywhere on this show. So let's get to it and get to know a truly colorful performer, the Peacock. (cheers and applause) I chose to become the Peacock because we both share a love of the spotlight. (caws) When I was five years old, I walked onto a stage for the first time, and from that day on, I was hooked. ♪ ♪ Piano is a clue. Putting on a show is in my DNA. It's giving me Vegas vibes. But it's probably been a while since your mom had a poster of me on her bedroom wall. I guess it's not Johnny Weir if he's been famous for a while. As my dear friend Michael Jackson once told me... Wow! If you're gonna reinvent yourself, you have to become someone the world has never seen before. (dog barking) So here goes. It's never too late for this showman to make a comeback. (cheers and applause) Love it. Very flamboyant. I'm excited. (song begins) ♪ Ladies and gents, this is the moment you've waited for ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Been searching in the dark ♪ ♪ Your sweat soaking through the floor ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ And buried in your bones there's an ache ♪ ♪ That you can't ignore ♪ ♪ Taking your breath, stealing your mind ♪ ♪ And all that's real is left behind ♪ ♪ Don't fight it, it's coming for you, running at ya ♪ ‐Come on! ‐Yeah, voice is strong. ♪ Your fever dream, can't you see it getting closer ♪ ♪ Just surrender 'cause you feel the feeling taking over ♪ Gosh, I know that voice. ♪ It's fire, it's freedom, it's flooding open ♪ He's a performer. ♪ It's a preacher in the pulpit and you'll find devotion ♪ ♪ There's something breaking at the brick of every wall ♪ ♪ It's holding, all you know ♪ ♪ So tell me do you wanna go? ♪ ♪ Where it's covered in all the colored lights ♪ ♪ Where the runaways are running the night ♪ ♪ Impossible comes true, it's taking over you ♪ ♪ Oh, this is the greatest show ♪ ♪ We light it up, we won't come down ♪ ♪ And the sun can't stop us now ♪ ♪ Watching it come true, it's taking over you ♪ ♪ Oh, this is the greatest show ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ This is the moment, this is the moment ♪ ♪ You've all been waiting for ♪ ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ ♪ Baby, baby ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, this is the greatest show ♪ ♪ Yeah, ohh ♪ ♪ This is the greatest ♪ ♪ This is the greatest show ♪ JENNY: Wow. (cheers and applause) (audience chanting "Peacock") ‐Good job, Peacock. ‐Way to kick it off. NICK: Peacock, strut your stuff. Look at him. Whosoever is under that mask definitely knows what they're doing. They got style too. I was gonna steal them shoes. Peacock, I'm gonna holla at you later. Gang, what do you guys think about Peacock's performance? Oh, my gosh, what a way to open up the series. ROBIN: Yes. NICOLE: It's the greatest show. It's probably the most bizarre show, because I'm talking to a peacock. But, like, I didn't expect that. Your voice is like‐‐ oh, it's like butter. It was really good, and it was, like, mature. ‐Wow. ‐It's like I was really just impressed. ROBIN: Obviously he's a trained performer, professionally trained and performing for many, many years. ‐It's very obvious. ‐So true. NICK: All right, picking up on any hints already? Judging by your voice, it's definitely a woman. I can definitely say that, and I am so loving that blue outfit. I have no idea who you are, but afterwards I'd love to wear that and look fierce at an after‐party. Get in line, get in line. I mean, this might be a little bit on the money, but could it be Hugh Jackman? ROBIN: (chuckles) Hugh Jackman's, like, 6'5". He's a lot taller than that peacock. ‐That's true. ‐Hugh Jackman is 6'5"? I mean, at first I was thinking, because of the song choice, I was thinking Zac Efron, but from the clue package, he's much older than that. JENNY: I don't think so. You know, I definitely feel that Vegas vibe. So maybe a comedian in Vegas. ‐Yeah. ‐Well, Vegas‐‐ I definitely got the Vegas thing. Maybe somebody like Jimmy Kimmel, he's from Vegas. Jimmy Kimmel can't sing. NICOLE: I think an overall performer for sure, but, like, magician vibes, and it's very‐‐ that collar is like living for Vegas. I don't know any magicians who can sing like that though. That was pretty impressive. NICOLE: Have you ever been a part of a magic act and was possible mauled by a tiger? (laughter) JENNY: Oh, my God. I have never been mauled by a tiger. But I have been part of a magic act. (audience oohs) Good question, Nicole. KEN: I'm thinking... Teller of Penn & Teller, maybe. NICOLE: I was feeling that. I cannot wait to find out who this is. This is much harder than I thought it would be. We definitely have our work cut out for us. All right, well, the case is closed for now. Let's hear it for the Peacock. ♪ Hey ♪ NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask, and if Peacock loses tonight's vote, we could find out at the end of the show. So Vegas. He's so Vegas. For sure. If Liberace was alive, I would think it was him. Yeah, yeah. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ NICK: We're back on The Masked Singer. Who are all of these singers? I have no idea. We have Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players and some real comedians. Each week, one of them will lose the mask, and we'll all see who they really are. Now, let's all investigate somebody who I'm guessing is a really big star, the Hippo. (cheers and applause) (gentle music) Diner. Could be someone from the '50s. HIPPO: Breakfast is the most important meal of the day for a competitor like me. After all, I need my strength. I'm one of the most dangerous animals in the kingdom. I'm used to performing in a mask in front of thousands of screaming fans. I don't know, is he a rapper or something? He's got all the gold chains like a hip‐hop hippopotamus. HIPPO: And every time I win, I just gotta dance, even if it gets me in trouble. Maybe somebody who's gone too far with dancing. This Hippo's got game, but I've also got a voice. People just haven't heard it yet. I conquer every arena that I enter, and this one will be no different. The bill. $10,000. He's a baller. (cheers and applause) NICOLE: I think he's an athlete. Yeah, either athlete or rapper, but I think an athlete maybe. (cheers and applause) (song begins) ♪ Everybody's talkin' all this stuff about me ♪ ♪ Why don't they just let me live ♪ ♪ I don't need permission ♪ ♪ Make my own decisions ♪ ♪ That's my prerogative ♪ ♪ They say I'm crazy ♪ ♪ I really don't care ♪ ♪ That's my prerogative ♪ ♪ They say I'm nasty ♪ ♪ But I don't give a damn ♪ ♪ Gettin' girls is how I live ♪ ♪ Everybody's talkin' all this stuff about me ♪ ♪ Why don't they just let me live ♪ ♪ I don't need permission ♪ ♪ Make my own decisions ♪ ♪ That's my prerogative ♪ ♪ It's my prerogative ♪ ♪ I can do what I want to do ♪ ♪ It's my prerogative ♪ ♪ I'm doing it just for you ♪ ♪ It's my prerogative ♪ ♪ It's my prerogative ♪ Hey! Hey! (cheers and applause) NICOLE: He's cute. (crowd chanting "Hippo") NICK: Hippo! Hippo! Hippo is lit. Oh, man, panel, what'd you think about that energy that Hippo was just‐‐ You worked the audience so well. You had all the right moves. You was doing a little something down there. I don't know what was going on, but we were feeling it. I missed that part. What was‐‐ ‐You know, he was like... ‐Oh, oh, oh, okay. ‐Hey. Okay, okay. NICOLE: Okay. Did you see anything that would‐‐ anything kinda strike your eye? I noticed that you were singing over the other vocal track, so you're probably not a trained singer professionally, but you move so well, I think it might be an athlete here. It looked like an end zone dance to me. It looked like you do a lot of end zone dances. (audience oohs, applauds) I honestly think that it's Odell Beckham Jr. right now. KEN: Maybe but if you go from the clue package, with the pancakes and, you know, he's all gangsta, I mean, I mean‐‐ This helps when you say gangsta. Yeah, it's like Westside, Hippo, Westside. I'm guessing he's an athlete, he's very charismatic. I'm thinking Deion Sanders. JENNY: Yes! That's actually a really good choice. And he does those touchdown dances. KEN: Right, those end zone dances. JENNY: Wasn't he fined? KEN: He got fined for‐‐ He used to actually dance before he got into the end zone. KEN: Right. Right at the one yard line. ROBIN: Right at the one yard line. NICOLE: I'm feeling that as well, with the dance moves and everything, but the clue that I got was definitely the pancake bill. That was like he was at a club. ‐That's a baller, yeah. ‐He was a baller. Definitely a baller, so I'm thinking a basketball player. He's tall, he's somebody who's actually done an album before. So I'm thinking Allen Iverson. (scattered cheers) ‐Yeah. JENNY: Yeah. I'm gonna ask, are you a basketball player? Bowling. That does nothing to help. Maybe it could be bowl as in Super Bowl. NICK: Ooh. NICOLE: I mean... ‐So an athlete. NICOLE: I'll take it. Our whole point is, for a singer, you're an amazing athlete. (laughter) NICK: All right, well, the case is closed for now. Who is that? NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? (cheers and applause) All right, it's time for our first face‐off vote. After every head‐to‐head battle, I'm going to ask both the studio audience and the panel up there to vote for the performer they want to see again. (cheers and applause) The winner will sing another day. The other singer may have to take their mask off at the end of the show. We'll find out the results after the break. (cheers and applause) NICK: Are you Team Hippo or Team Peacock? (audience chanting "Hippo" and "Peacock") The winner will sing another day. The other singer may have to take their mask off and head home. The results are in. The winner of our fist face‐off is... Peacock. (cheers and applause) Yes! I knew it! NICK: You're keeping your mask on and singing another day. Hippo, that means you're in the bottom three. You gotta head back and await your fate. ‐Oh, no! ‐Hippo! NICK: Doesn't necessarily mean it's over for the Hippo. NICOLE: We might find out who he is at the end of the show. ‐Yeah. ‐I know, I feel bad. And now the stage is set for a fierce face‐off of fantasy... Release the monster. ♪ Get stupid, get it started ♪ ♪ Get it started ♪ ♪ Let's get it started, ha ♪ ♪ Let's get it started in here ♪ ♪ Let's get it started, ha ♪ ♪ Let's get it started in here, yeah ♪ (cheers and applause) All right, enter the Unicorn. ♪ I'm beautiful in my way ♪ ♪ 'Cause God makes no mistakes ♪ ‐♪ I'm on the rick track ♪ ‐Oh, wow. ♪ Baby I was born this way ♪ ♪ Ain't no other way ♪ ♪ Baby I was born this way ♪ ♪ Baby I was born this way ♪ ♪ ♪ On this show, you always have to watch closely. So try to understand the Monster. (cheers and applause) (gentle music) MONSTER: I'm a monster because that's what the world labeled me. Someone that's got a naughty reputation. I'm here to rewrite my mix tape to prove that I'm more than just puff and fluff. From the '80s. But actually mix tapes have come back nowadays. True. MONSTER: I was at the top of my game. But the game turned on me. So I retreated into my cave... Oh, sweet pea. To take a break from the public eye. I think he's done some time. And I think he's been banished to a cave. MONSTER: But now I'm here to set the record straight. ♪ But always heard ♪ And show the world that no one can stop me from doing what I love. So stay tuned, because this monster is... (auto‐tuned) back. ♪ You heard me, uh ♪ (cheers and applause) ‐This one's hard. ‐This one's tough. This is really hard. ("Don't Stop Me Now" begins) ♪ ♪ ♪ Tonight, gonna have myself ♪ ♪ A real good time ♪ ♪ I feel ali‐i‐i‐ive ♪ ♪ And the world ♪ ♪ I'll turn it inside out ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Floating around in ecstasy ♪ ♪ So ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Don't stop me ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Having a good time ♪ ♪ I'm a shooting star, leaping through the sky ♪ ♪ Like a tiger defying the laws of gravity ♪ ♪ I'm a racing car, passing by like Lady Godiva ♪ ♪ I'm gonna go, go, go ♪ ♪ There's no stopping me ♪ ♪ I'm burning through the sky, yeah ♪ ♪ Two hundred degrees ♪ ♪ That's why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit ♪ ♪ I'm traveling at the speed of light ♪ ♪ I wanna make a supersonic man out of you ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now, I'm having such a good time ♪ ♪ I'm having a ball ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ If you wanna have a good time, just give me a call ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Don't stop me now ♪ ♪ Ooh I'm having a good time ♪ ♪ Don't wanna stop at all ♪ ♪ Oh yeah ♪ (cheers and applause) Aww, come on! (crowd chanting "Monster") NICK: What a monster performance. His jazz hands. Professional singer. That was fuzzy. Panel, you guys had these shocked looks on your faces. Totally shocked. Yeah, I wasn't expecting much from the monster, because it's furry and fuzzy and sweet. Once I heard the voice, it was completely the opposite. ‐It threw you off, right? ‐Yeah, 'cause the voice was soulful and you hit the notes. It sounded great, man. (cheers and applause) Um, yeah, I‐‐I mean, oh, I just want to squeeze you and stuff, and you're so‐‐ oh, look at you‐‐ ‐How cute you are. ‐Oh, he's offering. He's interested. But he had a playful performance, and you've got great range, and I heard some soul in there. ROBIN: Yep, I heard that. I could tell by the vocal tone that it was a mature person. ‐Absolutely. ‐It didn't sound like a young voice at all to me. Did you pick up on anything, any hints so far? You know, the clues were a little tricky, 'cause you live in a cave, you don't have the greatest teeth. Um, sorry about that. You're bashing the monster. JENNY: Okay, so he's fluffy. Rhymes with fluffy‐‐ I mean Puffy. ROBIN: Ah. JENNY: P. Diddy. Fluffy. You thought that was Diddy? ROBIN: That doesn't seem like a Diddy outfit to me. You never know. That's not a horrible guess. Puff is not coming out in that. NICK: You never know. He went into his cave, okay, in the package. Ken, you said that's like a jail, so somebody who went to prison. So someone who's a bad boy, so I'm gonna go with Gucci Mane. Does Gucci Mane have a brilliant, beautiful, mature, soulful voice that we just never heard? ROBIN: We don't know. Gucci Mane could come out of nowhere with that, you know? NICK: Dr. Ken. ‐There's so many one‐eyed monster jokes in my Rolodex right now. Okay, but all kidding aside, great voice. Mix tape. Went to jail. Hmm, I'm thinking, Justin Bieber. (audience groans) Now, the voice was way too soulful. Just wondering, are you a professional singer? JENNY: Not to everyone? Oh, blessed. To us, you are. (cheers and applause) ROBIN: Honestly, this is the first time I have no idea, I have no guess. I mean, the voice is throwing me 'cause it so mature, but he moves really young, and we can't get a body type. Okay, I'm dying to know who you are, because so far you have my favorite voice in the competition. KEN: Yeah. JENNY: Wow. ROBIN: Voice as great. ‐Who are you? ‐Give it up for the Monster. (cheers and applause) NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Monster loses tonight's vote, we can find out if they're right. All right, let's put the spotlight on a totally magical creature, the Unicorn. Pay attention for the clues, people. (gentle piano music) Here's the story of how I became the Unicorn. My childhood should have been magical. I grew up in one of the richest neighborhoods. Born in Beverly Hills. UNICORN: And when I was little, I dreamt of singing. But someone I admired told me I was tone‐deaf. WOMAN: You're tone‐deaf. UNICORN: All my life, people told me I wasn't worthy. MAN: You can't fly. WOMAN: Your sparkle is distracting. MAN: Your horn is too short. ♪ You've got to stand your ground baby ♪ UNICORN: I'm not going to listen to them any longer. It sounds like she went through a lot. Nobody can tell me who I can or can't be. Sounds like somebody who tried to make it in a field or two and was denied. By putting on this mask, I am showing myself and the next generation of unicorns that true magic comes from within. All you have to do is believe. (cheers and applause) She's so beautiful and regal. ‐Yes. ‐Meghan Markle. ‐Mm. ‐It's Meghan Markle. ("Fight Song" begins) ♪ Like a small boat ♪ ♪ On the ocean ♪ ‐♪ Sending big waves ♪ ‐Aww. ♪ Into motion ♪ ♪ Like how a single word ♪ ♪ Can make a heart open ♪ ♪ I might only have one match ♪ ♪ But I can make an explosion ♪ ♪ And all those things I didn't say ♪ ♪ Wrecking balls inside my brain ♪ ♪ I will scream them loud tonight ♪ ♪ Can you hear my voice this time? ♪ ♪ This is my fight song ♪ ♪ Take back my life song ♪ ♪ Prove I'm all right song ♪ ♪ My power's turned on ♪ ♪ Starting right now I'll be strong ♪ ♪ I'll play my fight song ♪ ♪ And I don't really care if nobody else believes ♪ ♪ 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me ♪ (cheers and applause) NICK: Definitely a special and rare performance. Unicorn, let's take a step over here. As you guys can probably imagine, some of these masks are very difficult to see in, so I got you, Unicorn, I'm rockin' with you. Gang! I haven't seen this type of stellar performance from a horse since the Kentucky Derby, and I won't lie to you there, it was pretty amazing. ROBIN: Hearing a little bit of your backstory, talking about feeling very insecure, about your coming out party in a sense, and from the clues, you know, it seems like you came from a wealthy family or grew up famous. Right now I think maybe somebody like Lindsay Lohan. Lindsay Lohan? No! I'm thinking maybe like Paris Hilton. ROBIN: Yeah. JENNY: You know, daughter of a famous family, ‐Ireland Baldwin. ‐Yeah. ROBIN: Somebody who's been through a lot and has overcome those obstacles. It's awesome with the transformation that you've come out as a unicorn. It's spiritual, it's one‐of‐a‐kind, and I don't know who you are at all. (laughter) JENNY: They call me Bird? KEN: Call you bird. JENNY: Bird, what do you think? ‐Well, it's not Larry Bird. ‐No. ‐That's for sure. (laughs) I'm just so blown away by your courage to stand up here and sing and look so beautiful. You did a great job. Well, one more time for the Unicorn, ladies and gentlemen. This show is crazy. NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? As soon as I heard the voice, it's someone older, and it's someone who's not a singer. I can't figure it out. NICK: Coming up... ‐Unbelievable. NICK: The guessing game continues with our final face‐off. I love horses. What? (laughter) ALL: Take it off! Take it off! NICK: And later, the identity of one famous singer will be revealed in our first‐ever unmasking. ‐Oh, my God! ‐Whoa! Who will go on to sing another day and who will join Hippo in the bottom three? (audience shouting) The votes are in. Oh, my God, I'm scared. (tense music) Unicorn, you get to sing on. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Hit the tunnel! ♪ I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way ♪ NICK: Unicorn, you are safe. Unfortunately, Monster, you're in the bottom three, which means you and Hippo might get unmasked after the next face‐off. Monster was awesome. I don't want him to go home. I guess the crowd just liked Unicorn more. ‐Yeah. KEN: Not right. Now our final face‐off tonight. Deer will take on the Lion. First, enter the Deer. ♪ Whoa, Black Betty, bam‐ba‐lam ♪ ♪ Whoa, Black Betty, bam‐ba‐lam ♪ ♪ Black Betty had a child ♪ Oh, that deer is as big as a moose. ♪ Whoa, Black Betty, bam‐ba‐lam, whoa ♪ Tough guy. Very tough guy. ♪ ♪ And now, release the Lion. ♪ Barracuda ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐Oh, my God, it's amazing! ‐Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ I think it's a female, right? ‐Yeah. JENNY: She looks hot. ♪ Burn, burn, burn, burn it to the wick ♪ ‐Oh. ‐Rawr. KEN: I like the Lion is so feminine, and the Deer is so masculine. I love these two, and I'm not lyin'. (laughter) Sorry, I had to do it. Now let's all get to the hints about our dear friend, the Deer. (upbeat string music) ♪ ♪ I chose the deer because they're incredibly competitive. (growls) Oh, that seems like a wrestler. ‐Right? I felt, like, MMA. ‐Yeah, that's‐‐ DEER: I always considered myself a singer. (vocalizes atonally) ‐Whoa. ‐Oh, dear. DEER: I'm not sure everyone is gonna agree with that, but I think it's hard for people to get past who I am and what I'm known for. He looks pretty big and strong. Very masculine. Being under the mask, people will finally hear my voice. I've been knocked down many times. ‐Taping up the antlers. ‐Yeah. He's gotta be a fighter. DEER: But in the wild, wild west, you learn how to get up and get back in the saddle. Ravens beware... Ravens. Oh, could be Pittsburgh Steelers. Good. DEER: I'm here to win. (thunder cracks) (cheers and applause) He's tall. (song begins) ♪ ♪ ♪ Just a young gun with a quick fuse ♪ ♪ I was uptight, wanna let loose ♪ ♪ And I was thinking about bigger things ♪ ♪ I wanna leave my old life behind ♪ ♪ Not a yes sir, not a follower ♪ ♪ Fit the box, fit the mold ♪ ♪ Have a seat in the foyer, take a number ♪ ♪ I was lightning before the thunder ♪ ♪ Thunder, feel the thunder ♪ ♪ Lightning and the thunder, thunder ♪ ♪ Thunder, feel the thunder ♪ ♪ Lightning and the thunder ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Thunder ♪ ♪ They say you're basic, they say you're easy ♪ ♪ You're always riding in the back seat ♪ ♪ Well I'm smiling from the stage while ♪ ♪ You were clapping from the nose bleeds ♪ ♪ Thunder, feel the thunder ♪ ♪ Lightning and the thunder ♪ ♪ Come on feel ♪ Come on, honey, sing! ♪ ♪ (cheers and applause) NICK: The Deer. ‐Yeah! Yeah. (laughs) NICK: Standing O for the Deer. Hey, man, watch out. All right. Gang, what'd you think about the Deer's performance? I love the way you just came out. You just took the stage like an OG, you know? You know, you're giving me, like, warrior vibes. It doesn't sound like you're a professional singer, but you had really good attitude behind it. Now were there any clues that you guys were picking up on? ROBIN: Yeah, he said he's a competitor. He said that he gets knocked down but he always gets back up, so to me that sounds like either an athlete or a wrestler. So I'm thinking Stone Cold Steve Austin. JENNY: That's what I was thinking. Like, either like UFC or MMA fighter. You know what I mean? What's that guy's name? ‐Chuck Liddell. ‐Ahh. Yeah, I wouldn't want to cross you in an alley. You look like a tough guy. KEN: Yeah, he looks tough. ROBIN: Oh. KEN: Oh, man. He is tough. I feel it. I can feel it. JENNY: But, you know, the clues were a little tricky. I mean, he said he was from the wild, wild west, right? Hmm. Uh... (scattered laughter) ‐(laughs) JENNY: I love horses? I love horses. Maybe he's a jockey. (laughter) ROBIN: That's the biggest jockey in the world. I know, right? Maybe‐‐maybe he's associated with a, you know, a team with a horse. ROBIN: Ah, does that mean he's a Denver Bronco? (cheers and applause) ALL: Ohh. ‐Ahh. ‐That's very good. Oh, Detective Thicke. Could it be Peyton Manning? Ah, that's a very good guess. (applause) I'm gonna ask you, do you currently play or have you ever been a player in the NFL? (laughter) Oh, okay. Oh, that means‐‐ that's a big yes. ‐That's a big, fat yes. ‐That's a big yes. ‐Denial is‐‐ ‐Your eyes, your eyes. Okay, we got somewhere. I can't wait to find out who this is. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Deer. Give it up for him. KEN: Yeah! NICOLE: Yes. (cheers and applause) NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? ‐Who would choose a deer? ‐I don't know. When we return, it's the Lion's turn to roar. Then a star is revealed and sent home. That's coming up only on The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Welcome back to The Masked Singer. We're in the middle of a truly primal face‐off: the Deer versus the Lion. Oh, yeah. Next to hit the stage, the Lion. But first, look for clues and watch this. (cheers and applause) (intense music) I'm the lion, and I'm here to roar. I love all that gold. That's someone that's, you know, flashy. This is my chance for people to see me perform without any preconceived notions of who I am. Some might say I'm Hollywood royalty, but now I'm standing on my own. Hollywood royalty. And I'm stepping away from my pride to sing my heart out. Someone who wants to prove themselves, yeah. Yeah. I don't see a lion as just brave and courageous. True strength comes from embracing all your vulnerabilities. Person looks pretty tall and fit. LION: So here I am, behind this mask, and I'm going to show my true self for the very first time. (cheers and applause) God, who can that be? ♪ I ain't got time for you baby ♪ ♪ Either you're mine or you're not ♪ ♪ Make up your mind sweet baby ♪ ♪ Right here, right now's all we got ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ I mean, come on! Go, girl! ♪ Right here, right now's all we got ♪ MAN: (scatting) ♪ ♪ Work them hips. ♪ ♪ Strut that thing. ♪ Islands, diamonds, trips around the world ♪ ♪ Don't mean a thing if I ain't your girl ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ Right here, right now's all we got ♪ ♪ Whoa, a little party never killed nobody ♪ ♪ So we gonna dance until we drop ♪ ♪ A little party never killed nobody ♪ Whoo. ♪ ♪ (cheers and applause) That is all right to me. Hey, when you're gold, you're gold. (audience chanting "Lion") Wow. Talk about fierce. Panel, talk to her. The way that she walked out on stage, her posture was perfect, her legs were in front, she shook her hips right on time. I'm telling you that that's a well‐trained professional. You're really focused on these hips. KEN: I know, I keep saying this over and over again. Robin, stop hitting on the livestock. ‐Let me tell you. ‐Sorry. JENNY: If you're not a musical artist, then you're lying, because that was unbelievable. Are you guys feeling Lady Gaga? Yes. (cheers and applause) I'm feeling it. I didn't get that from the vocals. I didn't get that. You never know. Now, panel, any clues stick out to you? ROBIN: One thing that intrigued me was the Hollywood royalty. I can see where you get the talent from, but I don't know where to categorize you. Are you a singer? Because you sounded like a singer. But also the way you were strutting could be a model/actress who's been trained to sing also. I mean, she said her pride. Yeah, she said that she wanted to separate herself ‐from the pack. ‐From the pack. ROBIN: Ohh. JENNY: See, I'm thinking ‐a girl group. NICOLE: Yes. Well... Wow. I am picking up on something. Maybe Pussycat Dolls. No, if it was someone in my group, I'd know. What other female groups are there? I definitely think it's a female group. ROBIN: I'm getting a Fifth Harmony vibe here. That's where you went? Well, that's a girl group that recently disbanded. You right. What about Destiny's Child? (cheers and applause) ROBIN: Actually, yeah, you know, that's a good point, because the way she walked out had that power thigh, Beyoncé walk, like Michelle Williams. ‐Yeah. ‐Or maybe Kelly Rowland. She's got delicious legs like Kelly Rowland. But I would have recognized the voice from Destiny's Child. I see the wheels turning up there. ‐I think I know. ‐Who? KELLY: Scary Spice. (cheers and applause) I didn't hear any English accents. No, no, that's a soulful American singer. I can't figure it out. I am dying to know who you are. NICK: All right, well, one more time for the Lion. Come on, give it up. It's pretty amazing. (audience chanting "Lion") NICK: Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Okay, it's time to find out who will sing another day and who will join Hippo and Monster in the bottom three and risk being unmasked at the end of the show. (suspenseful music) The results are in, and the winner of our final face‐off is... the Lion. ♪ Burn, burn, burn ♪ Lion, hit the tunnel. Okay, America, this is big. We're about to solve our first whosungit mystery. You ready for this? When we come back on this stage, the Hippo, Monster, or Deer will be unmasked. Don't go anywhere. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ We're back on the most mysteriously entertaining and insane new show anywhere, The Masked Singer. ROBIN: Yeah. NICK: It's been a night of incredible face‐offs. These three winners have secured their spots in the competition. Of the other three, the one with the least votes from the panel will be eliminated. Which means one of these three stars is about to be unmasked. Will it be the Hippo? The Monster? I do not want Monster to go home. Or the Deer? ‐No. ‐It's so hard. NICK: The panel has already voted. Our first unmasked singer is... (suspenseful music) The Hippo. (audience oohs) NICK: I'm sorry, Hippo. I feel so bad for Hippo. Deer, Monster, you're still in the competition. I might need to help the Monster out. Someone‐‐I need some monster assistance. (laughter) They're gonna sing again. Now, before you take that thing off, we're about to solve our first whosungit mystery. ‐Panel! ‐Yes? Who do you guys think this is? He's a basketball player. He's got swag. He's an athlete who's done an album. I'm going with Allen Iverson from the 76ers. No way, that's a football player who dances in the end zone. It's Neon Deion Sanders. JENNY: Yes! (scattered boos) I hate to agree with Ken, but those touchdown moves, I recognize them, and it's Deion Sanders. NICK: All right. ‐No way it's Deion Sanders. First of all, Deion's taller than that. And you're forgetting the whole New York thing. From the New York Giants, wide receiver, it's gotta be Odell Beckham Jr. Gotta be. KEN: No way it's Odell Beckham Jr. Like me, he's way too young. Facts, facts. ROBIN: It's gotta be Odell Beckham. No, I don't think you're right. ‐I think it's Odell Beckham. ‐No. ‐Come on, Odell. NICK: Okay, panel, you made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. The time has come to find out the identity of our first‐ever masked singer. We all need to know. Show us who's behind the mask. ♪ Who are you ♪ ALL: Take it off! Take it off! ALL: Take it off! ‐Odell! ALL: Take it off! ‐Deion Sanders! ALL: Take it off! ‐Allen Iverson! ALL: Take it off! Take it off! ‐Neon Deion. ‐Odell. ♪ Tell me who are you, you ♪ Oh, oh. ♪ You, you, ah, you ♪ Take it off! NICK: I knew it! ‐Oh, my God! Antonio Brown from the Pittsburgh Steelers. (cheers and applause) From the NFL to your prerogative right here on this stage. Antonio, now you've been to a Super Bowl before. ‐How does this compare? ‐Well, it was a challenge. You know, it was a challenge being able to stay on beat, but it was exciting, I was glad to be a part of it, and I had a good time today. And, ladies, ladies, I mean, how handsome is this guy? You gotta see him without his helmet more often, right? ‐Mr. Handsome. ‐Oh, oh, oh! KEN: Oh, my God. ‐It's his prerogative. (laughter) ‐Like that? NICK: I like it, Kenny. Give it up for Antonio Brown! ALL: Antonio! Antonio! ♪ All this stuff about me ♪ ♪ Why don't they just let me live ♪ ♪ I don't need permission ♪ ♪ Make my own decisions ♪ ♪ That's my prerogative ♪ NICK: Get 'em, Antonio! ‐♪ It's my prerogative ♪ You guys bear a striking resemblance. Oh, we're exactly the same. ♪ It's my prerogative ♪ Y'all, keep it going for Antonio Brown. ANNOUNCER: This season on "The Masked Singer"... Oh, my! ANNOUNCER: Your favorites sing again. I love you, Monster! ANNOUNCER: Plus new characters to unmask. Stop smiling at me! ANNOUNCER: "The Masked Singer," all new next Wednesday at 9:00/8:00 Central on Fox. (barking)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 