The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e2 - New Masks on the Block - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - New Masks on the Block - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE ANNOUNCER: TV's wildest singing show... ‐(laughs) ANNOUNCER: Is back. Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. ♪ All the leaves are brown ♪ I feel like I know that voice. ‐♪ You can be cool ♪ ANNOUNCER: This is... Unbelievable. ANNOUNCER: The Masked Singer. I cannot wait to find out who this is. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ANNOUNCER: 12 celebrities will compete, with one big twist. I have no idea who this is. ANNOUNCER: They are all disguised in costumes from head to toe. Their identities are hidden on and off the stage, their voices distorted in interviews. Maximum security out here. ANNOUNCER: It'll be TV's best‐kept secret. NICK: Grammy winners, Emmy winners, it could be anybody. ANNOUNCER: Who... ‐P. Diddy. ANNOUNCER: Is... ‐Paula Abdul. ANNOUNCER: Behind... ‐50 Cent. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ANNOUNCER: The mask? Thought it was Bee‐yoncé up here. Welcome to The Masked Singer, President Barack Obama. ♪ You can be cool, you can be shy ♪ ANNOUNCER: Each week, the celebrities will sing to impress the panel and studio audience. ♪ Stay with me ♪ And I love him so much, he's making me cry. ANNOUNCER: The weakest performer of the night is eliminated and unmasked... ALL: Take it off! ANNOUNCER: Before your eyes. (cheers and applause) Last week, the competition began. ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ It looked like you do a lot of end zone dancing. ANNOUNCER: Hippo was the first to be eliminated, and no one could have guessed who was behind the mask. NICK: Antonio Brown from the Pittsburgh Steelers. ANNOUNCER: Tonight... three more face‐offs: Rabbit versus Alien, Raven versus Pineapple, and Poodle versus Bee. Tonight's gonna be a good night. ANNOUNCER: And at the end of the night, another identity... ALL: Take it off! ANNOUNCER: Is revealed. (The Who's "Who Are You") ♪ Tell me who are you ♪ ♪ Who are you ♪ ♪ Who, who, who, who ♪ ♪ Oh, I really want to know ♪ ♪ Come on, tell me who are you ♪ ♪ You, you, ah, you ♪ (cheers and applause) Welcome to The Masked Singer. I'm your host, Nick Cannon. And we're all part of a big musical whosungit. The six crazy characters singing on tonight's show are all famous, and even though I'm the host of the party, I do not know who our musical guests are. Seriously. They tell me we are surrounded by Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players, it could be anybody. All right, now, tonight three classic masked singer face‐offs. We have Rabbit versus Alien, Raven versus Pineapple, and Poodle versus Bee. At the end of the night, the singer with the least votes will be unmasked and sent home. But right now, our star‐studded panel of pop culture detectives. Let's hear it for our golden voice, Robin Thicke. Ms. Jenny McCarthy. Our registered comedy doctor, Ken Jeong. An amazing performer and singer and a real doll, Miss Nicole Scherzinger. ‐You guys ready to do this? ‐We're ready, Nick. Let's get right to our first face‐off tonight. Release the Rabbit. ♪ Let's go ♪ ♪ This is 10% luck, 20% skill ♪ ♪ 15% concentrated power of will ♪ ♪ 5% pleasure ♪ ‐Ahh! ‐Wow. Oh! Okay. ♪ 100% reason to remember the name ♪ KEN: Very, very in character. ‐Good, Rabbit? ‐Let's do this. ‐All right. ‐He's tall. Who is that? And let's welcome a celebrity who's got to be out of this world. Enter the Alien. ♪ I got a feeling ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ That tonight's gonna be a good night ♪ JENNY: What? ‐Hubba, hubba. That's not an alien. Now a totally sexy, hot model. She looks like a sexy toothbrush. NICK: I definitely got a feeling tonight's gonna be a good night. The Rabbit versus the Alien. All right‐‐ all right. ‐Okay. ‐Oh, it's war. NICK: Okay, let's all search for a clue or two about whose famous face is really behind the Rabbit mask. (mysterious music) RABBIT: I am the Rabbit. I've spent most of my life onstage, but I was never alone. That means in a group. RABBIT: Now I pop up here and I pop up there. Oh, is it, like‐‐like, a magician or an illusionist? They're popping up everywhere? RABBIT: Synchronized singing is my forte. Pop group. "I pop up"‐‐ Oh, I didn't catch that. RABBIT: It's as if I've been training for this my entire life. That means something. RABBIT: Performed onstage? Check. Performed in a mask? Check. Have a voice? Check‐check. This rabbit is here to win, and you better believe the last mask standing is gonna be me. (cheers and applause) ‐Whoa. ‐Wait, is that okay? ‐Stop, Ken, I'm serious. ‐It's fine. ‐Oh. JENNY: He could be a television star, an actor. Yeah. (cheers and applause) ♪ She's into superstition ♪ Okay. ♪ Black cats and voodoo dolls ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I feel a premonition ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ That girl's gonna make me fall ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ She'll make you take your clothes off ♪ ♪ And go dancing in the rain ♪ ♪ She'll make you live her crazy life ♪ ♪ But she'll take away your pain ♪ ♪ Like a bullet to your brain ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Upside, inside out ♪ ‐♪ Livin' la vida loca ♪ ‐Oh, yes! ♪ She'll push and pull you down ♪ ♪ Livin' la vida loca ♪ ♪ Her lips are devil red ♪ ♪ And her skin's the color of mocha ♪ ♪ She will wear you down ♪ ♪ Livin' la vida loca, come on ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ She'll make you take your clothes off ♪ ♪ And go dancing in the rain ♪ ♪ She'll make you live her crazy life ♪ ♪ But she'll take away your pain ♪ ♪ Like a bullet to your brain, come on ♪ ♪ Upside, inside out ♪ ♪ Livin' la vida loca ♪ ♪ She'll push and pull you down ♪ ♪ Livin' la vida loca ♪ ♪ She was livin' la vida loca ♪ ♪ She was livin' la vida loca ♪ ♪ Gotta, gotta be the Rabbit ♪ ‐(cheers and applause) JENNY: That was awesome. Come on. Come on. NICK: Wow. JENNY: That was awesome. NICK: Whoo. Living la vida loca! Y'all feel that energy? (all chanting "Rabbit") NICK: You okay? NICOLE: Oh, my God, he's so in character. ‐He's an actor. ‐He's so in character. No, he's an actor, man. Gang, please give the Rabbit his props. I love that way that you took one of the most famous songs and made it your own. Definitely a real performer, and the straightjacket and then the twitching, which is giving away that you're a little different. You're an individual. You obviously have a sense of humor. But I think somebody who's definitely been onstage many times before. Yes. Now, panel, did you pick up on any clues? The clues‐‐the clues were pretty good because‐‐ Pop, remember you mentioned that‐‐ That's right, so a pop group. A boy band member. Maybe, like, Boyz II Men, somebody from there. ROBIN: I didn't hear the vocal tone of Boyz II Men, but I do agree that it could have been‐‐ JENNY: I heard the soul, though. He's definitely got some soul. ROBIN: Yeah, he could have been in a boy band and has moved on to other things, like performing on Broadway or something like that. JENNY: Broadway? ROBIN: Yeah. I don't think for sure he's a singer. You don't think he's a singer? You guys would know‐‐ should know. NICOLE: I noticed the merry‐go‐round. It was all a bit dark, a bit twisted. I'm thinking magician Criss Angel. JENNY: Ah. KEN: No, I think this is more like a Donnie Darko vibe. He's just got this kind of, like, Jake Gyllenhaal, just kind of a‐‐ yeah, committed. And look, he's still twitching now like an annoying method actor, great. ‐I think he's from a boy band. ROBIN: Oh, totally. KEN: It could be a pop guy. Could be, like, you know, like, Lance Bass, Justin Timberlake. ROBIN: I think‐‐I think Joey Fatone is actually not a bad guess‐‐ No, Joey has a way bigger gut than that bunny. ‐(laughter) ‐I'm friends with him! He could have on SPANX or something. Mr. Rabbit, are you in a band? Or have you ever been? JENNY: He's in a band. KEN: Hmm, I don't know how to ‐tape all those clues together. ROBIN: Same. So I'm taking that hint didn't give you guys much. ‐No, Nick, it didn't at all. ‐(laughter) I cannot figure this out. Well, one thing we do know is evident. That was an amazing performance. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time. (cheers and applause) Panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask, and if the Rabbit loses tonight's vote, we could find out if they're right. ‐Nope. ‐No idea. He's tough to call. He's tough to call. ♪ Who is that? ♪ ♪ Who is that? ♪ We're back on The Masked Singer, and right now, we're in the middle of a dramatic whosungit mystery. We're halfway through our first face‐off of the night. Before the break, we were all ears for the Rabbit, but right now, let's have a close encounter with the Alien. (cheers and applause) (gentle music) ALIEN: I'm excited to be here because in my family, anonymity is a completely alien concept. ♪ ♪ Famous family. ALIEN: Growing up in the public's eye, my life was never really my own. I let others define me, but no one will ever control me again. They're used to being controlled. Searching for independence. ALIEN: With this mask on, the tables are turned. I see you, but you can't see me. And now for the first time ever, the world gets to hear my voice on my terms. (cheers and applause) Alien. ♪ ♪ ♪ Can't keep my hands to myself ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I think I'll dust 'em off, put 'em back up on the shelf ♪ ♪ In case my little baby girl is in need ♪ ♪ Am I coming out of left field ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, I'm a rebel just for kicks, now ♪ ♪ Let me kick it like it's 1986, now ♪ ♪ Might be over now, but I feel it still ♪ ♪ You could fight a war for peace ♪ CHORUS: ♪ Ooh, ooh, I'm a rebel just for kicks, now ♪ ALIEN: ♪ Give in to that easy living ♪ ♪ Good‐bye to my hopes and dreams ♪ ♪ We can wait until the walls come down ♪ CHORUS: ♪ Ooh, ooh, I'm a rebel just for kicks, now ♪ ALIEN: ♪ It's time to give a little ♪ ♪ To the kids in the middle ♪ ♪ But, oh, until it falls ♪ ♪ Won't bother me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, I'm a rebel just for kicks, now ♪ ♪ Let me kick it like it's 1986, now ♪ ♪ Might be over now, but I feel it still ♪ ♪ Might have had your fill, but I feel it still ♪ (cheers and applause) Alien! NICK: Out of this world. Y'all keep it going for the Alien. (cheers and applause) Panel, what'd you think about the Alien's performance? Hi, my name is Ken Jeong from Earth. Have you ever been to an IHOP? I can take you out for breakfast. ‐Oh, calm down. KEN: But I'm not hitting‐‐ I'm happily married. I'm not hitting on anyone. How come when he says it? I'm just saying that this is the hottest alien I've ever seen. (cheers and applause) I think your voice sounded nice. That's a difficult song to sing. I don't think you're a professional singer, judging by that, but you look so hot. (cheers and applause) And I'm getting the whole "Oops!...I Did It Again" vibes. JENNY: Ooh, that's a good one. NICOLE: With the red latex. ‐Right? Did you guys pick up on any Alien clues? JENNY: I mean, one of the clues was she doesn't like being controlled. So maybe somebody that left a girl group? ‐Possibly? ROBIN: That's a good point. JENNY: So maybe Spice Girls? ROBIN: Yeah, could be. KEN: Could be. JENNY: Actually, Nick and the Alien, you guys look like a good couple. KEN: Yeah. ‐Hey. You guys look good together. Wouldn't be the weirdest person I dated. (laughter) I'm just saying. Well, now, let me ask you this, Nick. How was her stage presence, according to you? It was amazing, even to the pose that she's holding ‐the whole time. ‐But professional? She has not broke this pose. You're right. You're right. You're right. Fierce. So that's‐‐that's kind of like a model. That's a model. That's a model hip. NICOLE: Get it Nick. Work. ROBIN: So from the way she moves and the way she danced, I'm gonna go with Bella Hadid. Ooh, good guess. But I think something we don't want to overlook, one of our most important clues was that she might come from a family‐‐that her family's very well known. That's right, a big family. Ah. ‐Ooh. ROBIN: Oh, you go. Did that lead you to something? Could she be one of the Kardashians? Could be a Kourtney. Could be a Kourtney Kardashian. Kourtney's kind of petite. There's no way. This is a hard one. This show is driving us crazy. Well, I sense our panel is picking up on many different vibes, but, ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it one more time for the Alien. Thank you, Alien. That was very probing. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? (cheers and applause) Okay, it's time for our studio audience and our celebrity panel to vote in face‐off number one, the Rabbit or the Alien. Vote for who you want to see sing again. The loser will be in jeopardy of being unmasked. And you at home, use that #themaskedsinger and tell us if you're Team Rabbit or Team Alien. (cheers and applause) (crowd chanting "Rabbit") (crowd chanting "Alien") NICK: The votes are in. The winner of tonight's first face‐off, who gets to keep their mask on, is... (suspenseful music) The Rabbit! ♪ This is 10% luck, 20% skill ♪ ‐Yes! Yes! ‐Yay, go, Rabbit. Go, Rabbit! You will sing another day. So go ahead and hit your Rabbit hole. Now, Alien, you are the first singer of the night to be in the bottom three and are at risk of being unmasked at the end of the show. Go ahead backstage and await your fate. So maybe we get to see Alien's beautiful face. You'd love that, wouldn't you? I love you, Alien! I love you. Calm down. Calm down. ♪ Who is that ♪ NICK: We're back on The Masked Singer. All of us are trying to guess who these celebrity singers really are. Next up, a face‐off unlike any other: Raven versus Pineapple. ‐Oh, yeah. ‐(cheers and applause) Enter the Pineapple. ♪ What a man, what a man, what a man ♪ ♪ What a mighty good man ♪ ♪ He's a mighty, mighty good man ♪ ♪ What a mighty good man ♪ ♪ Say it again now ♪ ♪ What a man, what a man, what a man ♪ NICK: What a man! ♪ What a man, what a man, what a man ♪ NICK: And here to take flight as only he or she can, release the Raven. ♪ Some legends are told ♪ ♪ Some turn to dust or to gold ♪ ♪ But you will remember me ♪ That's amazing! ♪ Remember me for centuries ♪ (laughs) ♪ We'll go down in history ♪ ♪ For centuries ♪ This is very unusual. All right, let's look for the clues about a mystery singer who could have us all crowing, the Raven. (dramatic piano music) (crows cawing) RAVEN: All my life, I've listened to other people's stories. So now is my opportunity to share mine. Oh, you know, this could go to a wrestler. He's in a cage like a cage fighter. Like MMA? RAVEN: I've always been a sunny kind of person, and an audience is something I've never had trouble attaining. No one talks more than me. Talk show. No one talks more than me. Oh, good call. RAVEN: But recently I suffered a tragic loss, so doing this show gives me the opportunity to honor my beloved. Beloved? Married to somebody famous? RAVEN: Becoming the Raven makes me feel like I've found beauty in the darkness. Sweet. RAVEN: Like a phoenix from the ashes, I will rise up and find the light. So don't cry, baby. This one's for you. (cheers and applause) (melancholy piano music playing) ♪ I used to live in the darkness ♪ ♪ Dress in black, act so heartless ♪ ♪ But now I see that colors are everything ♪ ♪ Yeah, maybe my head's messed up ♪ ♪ I'm falling back in love with being alive ♪ ‐♪ Dreaming in lights ♪ CHORUS: ♪ Lights, lights ♪ ♪ So when the winds are howling strong ♪ ♪ And you think you can't go on ♪ ♪ Hold tight, sweetheart ♪ ♪ You'll find a rainbow ♪ ♪ Rainbow, baby, trust me ♪ ♪ I know ♪ ♪ Life is scary but just put those colors on, girl ♪ ♪ Come and play along with me tonight ♪ ♪ Night, night, night, night ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ah‐ah, rainbow ♪ ♪ Put your arms behind me ♪ ♪ Trust me, I know ♪ ♪ The ghosts will try to find you ♪ ♪ Just put those colors on, girl ♪ ♪ Come and paint the world with me tonight ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Come and paint the world with me tonight ♪ ‐Bravo! ‐Whoo! (cheers and applause) NICK: The Raven. ‐(crowd chanting "Raven") NICK: The audience loves it. They love you, Raven. JENNY: Wow. This is how it's done. I got goose bumps. One word just comes to me is "sincere." I think it's a very sincere performance. Obviously the song meant a lot to you. At first, when I saw the package and I saw the cage and she was from a cage, I thought UFC fighter. ‐(laughing) ROBIN: You know, cage fighting. But after seeing your very elegant performance, I wouldn't put you in a cage fighting category. (laughing) Did you guys pick up on any clues in the package or in the performance? She likes to talk a lot. ‐Obviously tweet a lot. ‐(laughter) Always been in front of a big audience. I would want to know, have you ever hosted any type of talk show? ‐Wow! ‐I think I know who it is. You think you do? I think Sherri Shepherd. ‐Good guess. ‐I don't know. KEN: I was thinking, like, talk show host Sally Jessy Raphael. Are you crazy? Star Jones, maybe. No way. No. KEN: Well, I have no idea who this is, but let me tell you, very well done and very, very genuine. Great job. NICK: Wow, we're getting hot up in here. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Raven. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? All right, let's put the spotlight on a really sweet character, the Pineapple. (tropical music) PINEAPPLE: Aloha, dudes. ‐Ahh, aloha. ‐(laughing) PINEAPPLE: I become the Pineapple because like me, they're fun, tropical, and go well with ham. (laughs) ‐Could be a surfer. ‐Pretty sweet abs. PINEAPPLE: Although I look happy now, I've gone through some dark times. After beating a life‐threatening disease... Wow, life‐threatening disease. PINEAPPLE: This OG has decided to take things as they come and never wipe the smile off my face. OG would mean, I think, older for sure. Original gangster. PINEAPPLE: Though I've been in the public eye for decades, I've always dreamed of being a singer. So consider this a check off my bucket list. ‐Michigan plates. NICOLE: "Pipe dream." Good call. PINEAPPLE: Life is short, man. You gotta seize the day before your dreams go up in smoke. (cheers and applause) (laughing) (upbeat music playing) ♪ At first I was afraid ♪ ♪ I was paralyzed ♪ ♪ Kept thinking I could never live ♪ ♪ Without you by my side ♪ ♪ But then I spent so many nights ♪ ♪ Just thinking how you done me wrong ♪ ♪ I got strong ♪ ♪ I learned how to carry on ♪ ♪ So now you're back ♪ ♪ From outer space ♪ ♪ I just walked in to find you here ♪ ♪ With that sad look upon your face ♪ ♪ I should have changed that stupid lock ♪ ♪ I would have made you leave your key ♪ ♪ If I had known for just one second ♪ ♪ You'd be back to bother me ♪ ♪ So now go ♪ ‐♪ Walk out that door ♪ ‐What? ♪ Yeah, just turn around now ♪ ♪ You're not welcome anymore ♪ ♪ Weren't you the one ♪ ♪ Who tried to break me with desire ♪ ♪ Did you think I'd crumble ♪ ♪ Did you think I'd lay down and die ♪ ♪ No, not I ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ Come on, Pineapple! ♪ As long as I know how to love ♪ ♪ I know I'll be alive ♪ ♪ I got all my love to give ♪ ♪ I got all my life to live ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ (laughing) That was awesome. (cheers and applause) NICK: Yeah, yeah! You definitely survived, Pineapple. That was a performance. (laughing) Panel, compliment my Pineapple. I don't think I've experienced anything like this ‐since Burning Man, but it's‐‐ ‐(laughter) ROBIN: The way you carried yourself was so smooth. I have a feeling you're not a professional singer 'cause he went for the big note, he went, ‐"Yeah, yeah." ‐(laughter) KEN: Initially, when I first saw you, I was like, "Look at this. A pineapple, Hawaiian shirt, a parrot; he's, like, got these abs." I was thinking, like, "Total douche bag." ‐No offense, Robin. ‐(laughter) And I was‐‐I was thinking that initially, but I'm like, "You know what? "He's so lovable. He's just got this likable, like, Matthew McConaughey kind of vibe." NICOLE: Yes. (laughing) No. Maybe a comedian. He's funny. I'm thinking Adam Sandler vibes. JENNY: No, I mean, I'm definitely thinking more stoner, like Willie Nel‐‐ who else is a stoner? Cheech. ‐Or Chong, but Cheech. ‐Ah, good guess. JENNY: You know, I did like that you said you were original OG. So that made me believe that you're older in age a little bit. So maybe from Hawaii... ‐Barack Obama, maybe. ‐(laughter) KEN: Welcome to The Masked Singer, President Barack Obama. Welcome. (laughter) I am dying to know who this is. NICK: Ladies and gentlemen, let's make some noise one more time for the Pineapple. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? All right, it's time for the audience and the panel to vote to decide which masked singer gets to keep singing. The other singer will be in jeopardy of being unmasked at the end of tonight's show. Let's all find out who's behind the mask tonight when The Masked Singer returns. ♪ Who is that ♪ NICK: Coming up, Poodle faces off against the Bee. Chief Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in the house. ALL: Take it off. Take it off. NICK: And later, find out which one of our celebrity singers will be unmasked. Who is it? KEN: Oh, my God. JENNY: No way. We are back on The Masked Singer. (cheers and applause) Raven and Pineapple just left it all on the stage. Now it's that time again. Studio audience and panel, vote for who you want to see sing again. Are you Team Pineapple or Team Raven? One of them will be safe from removing their mask tonight. One of them will be in jeopardy of heading home. The results are in. Raven, you won! ‐You will sing again. ‐(cheers and applause) JENNY: Yes! ‐Go take a bird bath. ♪ You will remember me ♪ NICK: Pineapple, it ain't necessarily over. You could be unmasked at the end of the show tonight, but we appreciate your swag, player. Come on, Pineapple! Keep it going for the Pineapple. Love you, Pineapple. Professional surfer? ‐Yeah, could be. ‐Could be. Could be. Kelly Slater. All right, the clock is ticking down to another big star unmasking, but first Poodle sings against Bee in the final face‐off of the night. Here to show his or her breeding, please release the Poodle. ♪ I'm bossy ♪ ♪ I'm the first girl to scream on a track ♪ ♪ I switched up the beat of the drum ♪ Wow, look at that body. ♪ And that's right ♪ Who is it? ♪ I'm bossy ♪ The Poodle is definitely bossy. Here to create a lot of buzz, enter the Bee. ♪ Black and yellow, black and yellow ♪ ♪ Black and yellow, black and yellow ♪ ♪ Yeah, uh‐huh, you know what it is ♪ ‐Yeah! ‐Oh, yeah! ♪ Yeah, uh‐huh, screaming, that's nothing ♪ Right there, Ms. Bee. ♪ Black and yellow, black and yellow ♪ ♪ Black and yellow ♪ You got spunk. Shake that stinger. Let's try and gather a few clues about who this Poodle really is. ‐(electronic music) ‐♪ Let's do it ♪ POODLE: Ever since I was a little girl... (dog barking) I've loved to be onstage and take on a character, which I chose the poodle, because like me, they're sassy, smart, and best in show. San Francisco. Yeah, Bay Area. POODLE: I come from a musical family, but I'm known for a different kind of talent. 415, stand up! Stand‐up? Stand‐up comedy? Stand‐up comic. POODLE: My whole career has been about exercising my right to free speech. ‐Ooh, rainbow. KEN: Wow. Rainbow. Somebody from the LGBT community. San Francisco. Yeah. POODLE: But it's time I return to my musical roots to show the world a side of me it's never seen before. To figure me out, you're gonna have to work! ♪ Let's do it ♪ Do your thing, Poodle. (cheers and applause) (upbeat rock music playing) I love this song. ♪ ♪ ♪ Your love is like a tidal wave ♪ ♪ Spinning over my head ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Drownin' me in your promises ♪ ♪ Better left unsaid ♪ ♪ You're the right kind of sinner ♪ ♪ To release my inner fantasy ♪ ♪ The invincible winner ♪ ♪ And you know that you were born to be ♪ ♪ You're a heartbreaker ♪ ♪ Dream maker, love taker ♪ ♪ Don't you mess around with me ♪ ♪ You're a heartbreaker, dream maker ♪ ♪ Lover taker, don't you mess around ♪ ♪ No, no, no ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You're the right kind of sinner ♪ ♪ To release my inner fantasy ♪ ♪ The invincible winner ♪ ♪ You know that you were born to be ♪ I'll take some of that! ♪ Heartbreaker ♪ ♪ Dream maker, love taker ♪ ♪ Don't you mess around with me ♪ ♪ You're a heart breaker ♪ ‐♪ Dream maker ♪ ‐♪ Dream maker ♪ ♪ Heartbreaker ♪ (cheers and applause) Come on down here, Poodle. She is definitely up here breaking hearts. Panel, what do you guys think? Everything matched. Everything clicked. You are‐‐you obviously have an amazing stage presence. Really, everything was on point. Very good. Great energy. You came out so strong. I saw the whole rainbow. I was feeling the whole rainbow pride vibes, so I'm thinking maybe you're somebody part of the LGBTQ community. JENNY: Yeah, I was thinking RuPaul. It's not a bad guess. She also said she likes to make you laugh. So there could be a stand‐up component. ROBIN: We noticed that she was from San Francisco ‐or the Bay Area. ‐415 area code. KEN: Hmm, a comedian, Bay Area. That could be Ali Wong. ‐Oh, totally. ‐Oh, good guess. During the clue package, I thought fitness expert. I thought it might be somebody in great shape. Is it fitness or '80s? You know what I mean? Richard Simmons. I'm saying the hair. That could happen, yeah. Richard Simmons can't sing Pat Benatar, though. Who knows? Richard Simmons can do anything. KEN: Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, that's true. JENNY: This one's hard. Give us another clue. KEN: You're here for our honor? ‐Could it be a lawyer? ‐I got it. Chief Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in the house. Welcome to The Masked Singer. JENNY: Hey, Nick, you know what? We can't make heads or tails who it is, so there you go. NICK: All right, y'all make some noise one more time for the Poodle. You head back to the doggy pad. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? I mean, I still think it could still be Richard Simmons. Why is that so crazy? I don't think that's a bad guess. ‐Thank you. ‐I want it to be ‐Richard Simmons so hard. ‐I do too. I'm gonna be thinking about this all day. ♪ Who is that ♪ ♪ Who is that ♪ Hey, my man right here thinks the Pineapple is the president. I'm just saying it's a good guess. We are definitely back at The Masked Singer in the middle of our final face‐off tonight, Poodle versus Bee. And right now, let's look for every tiny little hint about who's really behind that bee mask. (upbeat music) BEE: In my long career, I've flown to soaring heights, and I've never wanted to stop doing what I love. Being a worker bee keeps me young. Been around for a while. Either she's been famous for a long time or old. BEE: You can call me queen bee, but empress also suits me. Queen bee. Beyoncé. Cardi B. BEE: Coming on to this show, I'm looking forward to singing to a new generation. So we're assuming ‐it's a professional singer. ‐Yeah. BEE: I want to show myself that I still have what it takes to create a buzz, even behind a mask. (cheers and applause) Come on, Bee. ♪ Party girls don't get hurt ♪ ♪ Can't feel anything, when will I learn ♪ ♪ I push it down, I push it down ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ I'm the one for a good time call ♪ ♪ Phone's blowing up, ringing my doorbell ♪ ♪ I feel the love ♪ ♪ I feel the love, oh, oh ♪ ♪ One, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ ♪ One, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ ♪ One, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ ♪ Throw 'em back till I lose count ♪ ♪ I'm gonna swing ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ I'm gonna live ♪ ♪ Like tomorrow doesn't exist ♪ ♪ Like it doesn't exist ♪ ♪ I'm gonna fly ♪ ♪ Like a bird through the night ♪ ♪ Feel my tears as they dry ♪ ♪ I'm gonna swing ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ From the chandelier ♪ ♪ I'm holding for dear life ♪ ♪ Holding on for tonight ♪ ♪ Holding on for tonight ♪ ♪ On for tonight, on for tonight ♪ (cheers and applause) Wow! What a hard song to sing. Yeah. Panel, what an amazing voice, right? Oh, what a beautiful vibrato. I mean, you've obviously taken vocal training and sang for many years. Your pitch was perfect and your vibrato was perfect. Great job. (applause) I definitely feel that you are a professional singer, a mature singer, seasoned. I hear the soul in your voice. And you have such a grace and beauty about you and your stage presence. ROBIN: Yeah. NICK: During the performance and the package, did you guys spot any clues? The clues that I was getting‐‐ the empress, so maybe she's on Empire. She could be an actress. Also queen bee, works alone, so she's not in a group. And queen bees, I wou‐‐ like, Mary J Blige. Like, she's right up there to me. Oh, totally. Or could be Diana Ross. (crowd gasps) Could be. I don't know. Lil' Kim! Lil' Kim, the original queen bee. That's right. Could be Lil' Kim. NICOLE: This will definitely narrow it down because we're feeling you are a professional singer. What decade did you start singing? (crowd gasps) Oh! Did you say '50s? She said the '50s. (excited chatter) WOMAN: Dionne Warwick! ‐Did you say Dionne Warwick? Hey, Nicole, good question. That narrows it down. That narrows it down. Amazing question and an amazing performance. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the Bee. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Okay, it's time for our panel and our studio audience to vote. Who do you think won this face‐off? Are you Team Bee... (crowd chanting "Bee") Or Team Poodle? (crowd chanting "Poodle") The winner will go on, and the singer with the least votes will join Pineapple and Alien in the bottom three. KEN: This is tough, man. (tense music) I think the Bee needs a second chance. NICK: The results are in. The winner is... ♪ ♪ The Bee! ♪ Yeah, you know what it is ♪ Bee is excited. Sorry, Poodle, but that means that you're in the bottom three, joining Pineapple and Alien. One of you will be unmasked and sent home at the end of the show. Okay, America, we're about to solve another massive whosungit mystery. When we return, on this stage, the Alien, the Pineapple, or the Poodle will be unmasked. Who's behind the mask? Time for all of you at home to make your guesses too. Don't go anywhere. Someone that was singing in the '50s? KEN: Well, there you have it, folks. A well‐known singer from the '50s had beaten a poodle here on The Masked Singer. (groans) This is gonna drive me crazy. ♪ Who is that ♪ We are back on The Masked Singer. It's been a night of incredible face‐offs. These three winners have secured their spots in the competition. Of the other three, the one with the least votes from the panel will be eliminated, which means one of these three masked singers is about to be unmasked. (cheers and applause) Will it be the Pineapple... Oh, my God. NICK: The Poodle... This is a hard one. NICK: Or the Alien? I always feel bad. NICK: Tonight's unmasked singer is... (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ The Pineapple! NICOLE: Oh! ROBIN: Oh! Way to go, Pineapple. NICK: Keep it going for the Pineapple. You two stars, hit the showers. We'll see you guys again. Now, panel, you guys are celebrity detectives. I need your final answer. Who do you think this is? ‐I don't know. NICK: Robin? You know, at first, I got the OG thing and I was thinking maybe he used to be a fighter. And from the tone of the voice, I was thinking, like, Sugar Ray Leonard. No way. KEN: Ah. Well, it seems like you obviously like to party. The car said "Pipe dreams," and iconic movie Up In Smoke. So definitely Cheech‐‐ or Tommy Chong, but I'm gonna go with Cheech. Okay, with the Hawaiian clues, the laid‐back attitude, you're an OG‐‐ it's Jimmy Buffett. It's not Jimmy Buffett. (laughter) I mean, no offense to you, Pineapple, but you can't sing. (laughter) Any other guesses up there? I agree with the laid‐back attitude, but because of the Michigan license plates and him referencing liking to party, I'm gonna go with Kid Rock. (applause) No way, are you crazy? Is that your final answer? Kid Rock? ‐I'm going with Kid Rock. ‐(laughter) NICK: Okay, panel, you've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you are right. We all need to know. Pineapple, show us who's behind the mask. ♪ Who are you ♪ KEN: Take it off! Jimmy Buffett! ALL: Take if off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! ♪ Oh, come on, tell me who are you ♪ ♪ You, you, ah, you ♪ Who is it? ROBIN: Oh! (laughs) Oh, my God. NICK: Comedic legend Tommy Chong. No way! Oh, my frigging God! Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't even believe that I guessed it. My goodness, wow. You got to tell us, what would make you do something like put a pineapple on your head and sing "I Will Survive"? Anything to get onstage, you know. (laughter) Anything you want to say to those crazy people up there? ‐She called me Cheech. ‐(laughter) Second chance, I said Tommy Chong. He heard me. She did. She said, "Cheech. Wait, Tommy Chong." ‐And then she went with Cheech. JENNY: Guess what, though. You're my favorite one out of the group. And who guessed Willie Nelson? Because I liked that one. I did too. NICK: Well, we're happy to have you here. Ladies and gentlemen... Tommy Chong! Keep it going for Tommy Chong! ‐I got you, man! ‐Chong! Chong! Chong! Chong! Next week, our big whosungit mystery continues. Who will be the last mask standing? That's the kind of mystery that only can be answered on The Masked Singer. But before we go, to sing for us once again, unmasked, once and for all, ladies and gentlemen, Tommy Chong! Whoo! Go, Tommy! ♪ As long as I know how to love ♪ ♪ I know I'll be alive ♪ ♪ I got all my love to give ♪ ♪ I got all my life to live ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Nah, nah, nah, la, la, la ♪ (dog barking)  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 