The Masked Singer: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Masked Singer 
 s1e5 - Mix and Masks - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Masked Singer (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Mix and Masks - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can you recognize your favorite celebrity just by their voice? You're about to find out. This is The Masked Singer. ♪ Who is that? ♪ ♪ ♪ Each week, celebrities perform undercover... Grammy winners, Emmy winners, Hall of Fame players... It could be anybody. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Leaving the panelists... Who is it? And you at home guessing. Who is behind the mask? ‐Tiger Woods. ‐It's 50 Cent. Raven‐Symoné. Are you breathing heavy under that thing? I know you need some air right now. Every episode, the weakest performer is eliminated and their identity revealed. ‐My God! ‐Antonio Brown! ‐Tommy John! ‐Terry Bradshaw! ‐You know how much this weighs? ‐I can imagine! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Last week, Poodle was unmasked. It's Margaret Cho! Margaret! My God! Ken, I thought you would know. She's my sister on Dr. Ken. I should know that. Tonight, four celebrities compete to stay anonymous: Rabbit, Unicorn, Alien, and Lion. ♪ On such a winter's day ♪ You go, girl! Who will live to sing again? I have no idea who this is. And who will be unmasked before your eyes? Please welcome your host, Nick Cannon! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐Hey! ‐Yeah. I'm pretty sure I'm Nick Cannon, and this could only be The Masked Singer. On this whosungit, some very famous faces are hiding behind some amazing masks for as long as possible. Each week, one of our masked singers has to take it off. Yeah. ‐ NICK: Now you guys gotta make some noise for our brainy and beautiful panel up there. Jenny McCarthy. Thank you. And Nicole Scherzinger. Okay, okay, okay! And let's not forget about those dashing gentlemen, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke. Four of our masked singers are back tonight and will sing to keep their masks on. But before we get into it, here comes a super group of show biz creatures who have never met or shared the stage before. A historic moment of musical unity. ♪ ♪ ♪ If you love somebody ♪ ♪ Better tell them why they're here 'cause ♪ ♪ They just might run away from you ♪ ♪ You'll never know what went well ♪ ♪ Then again it just depends on ♪ ♪ How long of time is left for you ♪ ♪ I've had the highest mountains ♪ ♪ I've had the deepest rivers ♪ ♪ You can have it all but not till you move it ♪ ♪ Now take it in but don't look down ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world, hey ♪ ♪ I'm on top of the world, hey ♪ ♪ Waiting on this for a while now ♪ ♪ Paying my dues to the dirt ♪ ♪ I've been waiting to smile, hey ♪ ♪ Been holding it for a while, hey ♪ ♪ Take it with me if I can ♪ ♪ Been dreaming of this since a child ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world, hey ♪ ♪ I'm on top of the world, hey ♪ ♪ Waiting on this for a while now ♪ ♪ Paying my dues to the dirt ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪ Yeah. Keep it going for our super group of masked crusaders! Wow. I don't know who the hell any of you are, but you guys are amazing. They rock. You know, I have to say, it's amazing to see you guys all onstage. We all don't know who you are, but the crazy part is that you guys don't even know who each other are. You guys are famous musicians, possibly, singing together. I just think that's so cool. Dr. Ken, what do you think, sir? In these divisive times, it is refreshing to see a lion and a bunny ‐and a unicorn and alien... ‐ all on the same stage. I love it. And if the bunny, it turns out to be my dad, well, I've had this dream before. Enough with all the togetherness. The Masked Singer is not a team sport, so let's get down to the individual competition. Y'all ready? Last week, our panel was thinking this adorable next performer was either Corey Feldman, a boy band veteran, or maybe someone from Rascal Flatts. So let's all hop on this next video and look for any clues about the Rabbit. ♪ ♪ Well, howdy, friends. I've been working my tail off to keep you guessing who I am, and showing off my range is part of my master plan to throw you off. I've done Latin pop... ♪ Livin' la vida loca ♪ And country twang, y'all. ♪ So wake me up when it's all over ♪ And tonight, I'm gonna try and confuse the panel again with some R&B.; I'm getting sick of the Rabbit. He thinks he's smarter than me. What can I say? I'm a trickster. I bounce here, I hop there, but then I'm gone. The Rabbit's been so dodgy with the truth. He's disappearing! He's a magician. So chew on this. Ooh, now I'm thinking chef. I'm about to bust out all the old‐school moves. I just hope I don't pass out. If you think you're confused now, just wait. I can't trust that rabbit, and I don't trust any rabbits, like, in my yard, in my meadows... All right, you've seen the Rabbit's video. Now don't miss its singing, only on The Masked Singer, only on FOX. Coming up, four explosive performances. Are you breathing heavy under that thing? I know you need some air right now. Okay, yeah, the person I thought - ‐definitely ain't the police. - ‐ This show is messing with my mind. And later... The votes are in. A reveal you'll have to see to believe. Who is under the mask? Welcome back to The Masked Singer! Hey, you guys remember that group, Bell Biv DeBunny? Never mind. Here to warn us all about the poison and all the danger that could go on, is the Rabbit! ♪ Girl, I must warn you ♪ ‐What! My God! ‐♪ I sense something strange ♪ ♪ In my mind ♪ ♪ Situation is serious ♪ ♪ Let's cure it 'cause we're running out of time ♪ ♪ It's so beautiful ♪ ♪ Relationships they seem from the start ♪ ♪ It's all so deadly ♪ ♪ When love is not together from the heart ♪ ♪ It's driving me out of my mind ♪ ♪ That's why it's hard for me to find ♪ ♪ Can't get it out of my head ♪ He's such a performer. ♪ Miss her, kiss her, love her ♪ ♪ Wrong move you're dead ♪ ♪ That girl is poison ♪ ‐Hey, hey, hey. ‐Look at him! He's a professional dancer, singer. ♪ Never trust a big butt and smile ♪ ♪ That girl is poison ♪ Whoo! There's no way he's, like, a chef. ♪ ♪ ♪ Poison ♪ ♪ Ra‐hoo, hoo, hoo ♪ ‐What? ‐Yes! Yeah. Now keep it going... My God, that was amazing. For the Rabbit! The Rabbit does the Roger Rabbit. You had us all going once again, Rabbit. I was twitching off that performance. Hey, hey! I'm about to go to the Rabbit workout class right now. Are you breathing heavy under that thing? I know you need some air right now. ‐ ‐ You were busting out all the old moves. It was so fly. You're probably my favorite performer out of everyone in the entire show. Wow. Okay. Here's the real. I mean, we‐‐this is our fifth episode right now. I was a little bit‐‐ I won't lie to you. I'm not even kidding. I was a little bit irritated with you last week. You're doing this annoying Method actor thing. I was getting really annoyed. I was not in the mood to watch you, and you did deliver, I think, the best performance so far on the series. I can't deny. I loved you. I have to begrudgingly admit. Thank you. Also, I want to say this. I noticed that with the mixtape on the background, and your choice in song, - and those dance moves... - Yeah. ‐Those look very familiar. ‐ ‐Very boy band‐ish. ‐Yep. ‐I just want to say, yep. ‐Yes. All right, well, we all loved the Rabbit's performance, but before we go down that rabbit hole any further, we've asked each of our singers tonight to bring an item. - ‐ - A little show and tell that reveals something about who they really are. Security? Reveal the revealing item. Yeah. Bring it out. ‐Let it be a good clue. ‐Yeah. Let this‐‐can this clue help us? What is it? We're about to find out. A magician kit. Come on. What'd I tell y'all? - ‐You know what? - Rabbit. You have to tell us something about what you're revealing. What, what's going on here? It's another way I like to impress an audience. - Another way. - So technically, I am right. He is part magician. Yeah, Nicole thinks everyone's a magician, and now he's got this. It doesn't really help us. Every week I think I have Rabbit figured out, and then they offer some type of clue that doesn't help at all. - So... - Hey, Rabbit, twitch if you're a magician. ‐ ‐ - What? - He's tricking us. You know what, you know? I don't know. It's just part of his thing. I think you are way too talented musically that this magic stuff? Hobby, but not the real thing. But I think it could be the real thing. I mean, you don't‐‐ I‐I'm‐‐this show is messing with my mind. As a doctor, which‐‐ I'm the only one here as a doctor, I'm telling you, I've been told when looking for disease‐‐ That's why you couldn't figure out Margaret Cho on your... You know what, okay, enough about‐‐ okay, what she‐‐Margaret Cho. All right, is everyone‐‐ has everyone had their‐‐ We're all thinking it here. All right, everyone, here's the deal last week. The person that was revealed is Margaret Cho, who played my sister on Dr. Ken. I had no idea who it was. ‐He's a little stressed out. ‐He doesn't know what he's ‐talking about. ‐You know what? Everyone just‐‐ So the Rabbit could be his wife, and he wouldn't know. You know‐‐okay, just stop it. Stop it. Okay, ha, ha, ha, ha. Margaret‐‐ don't applaud for him. Don't‐‐no. Don't applaud for him. No more Mr. Not So Good At This Game Guy, all right? So who do you think it is, Ken? - ‐Yeah, who do you think it is? - Okay, I think it's an '80s boy band. I think it could be, like, someone from NKOTB, maybe. Maybe your hubby. You think this is Donnie Wahlberg? I mean, it could be Donnie. Maybe it is my husband. You know what I think? I think it's Joey McIntyre, who eats a lot of pizzas, has been to the Magic Castle. All right? That's who I think this is. We've had country clues with him, remember? Zac Brown is also a musician. I don't know if Zac Brown can do the Roger Rabbit ‐like that, but... ‐ I mean, I wouldn't hire you for my son's birthday party, but I think you did a magnificent job tonight. He definitely did. Ladies and gentlemen, Rabbit. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? Rabbit, your fate will be decided at the end of the show, after the Unicorn, the Alien, and the Lion take the stage. And later, a big vote and someone famous is going to take it off, only on FOX. Feeling a little stressed out. A little stressed out. Little bit. I'm embarrassed for last week. - ‐'Cause... - Let me know when to put the mask on. I was very wrong. I gotta figure this out. I'm so relieved. I didn't pass out, and I threw off the panel again. My tricks are working. ♪ Who is that? ♪ ♪ ♪ We are back on The Masked Singer, where every show ends with something very revealing. Now, last time, our panel was guessing this unique performer was everybody from Gabby Douglas to Denise Richards to Mary Lou Retton. So let's check out this video to see if we get any more bright ideas about who's behind the mask of the Unicorn. When I first floated onto the stage four weeks ago, I was terrified. Sing it, girl! Performing in front of people has always been my biggest fear. Whoa! But the amazing support of the panel... I think your performance was magical. I almost pooped a rainbow. And all the love from the crowd... has made me feel like I'm in heaven. Throughout this magical journey, I've been able to craft a new identity. ‐Crafts. ‐Okay, she's crafty. For years, I hid behind a different kind of mask of my own making: low self‐esteem. But here, I've been able to live vicariously through the Unicorn. Again, there's another piano. And I've learned to use my voice with the confidence I always dreamed of having. Now I could do cartwheels, I'm so happy. Cartwheels. Tonight, I don't care what anyone thinks. I love who I am, and I'm proud of the hills where I come from. Beverly Hills motif again. I think she lives in the Hills. What's her name? Kristin Cavallari, yeah. That's a good one. That was smart. Well, you know what? I'm not just this - ‐dumb, sexy face, Robin. - Well... I have a body, too. ♪ I got this feeling ♪ ♪ On a summer day when you were gone ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I watched, I let it burn ♪ ♪ I threw your stuff into a bag ♪ ♪ And pushed it down the stairs ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I got this feeling on a summer day ♪ ♪ When you were gone ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I watched, I let it burn ♪ ♪ I threw your stuff into a bag ♪ ♪ And pushed it down the stairs ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I don't care, I love it ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You're on a different road ♪ ♪ I'm in the Milky Way ♪ ♪ You want me down on Earth ♪ ♪ But I am up in space ♪ ♪ You're so damn hard to please ♪ ♪ We gotta kill this switch ♪ ♪ You're from the '70s ♪ ♪ But I'm a '90s chick ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ ♪ I don't care, I love it ♪ ♪ I love it, I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ Yeah. And we love it too. Come on over here, amazing Unicorn. I've noticed throughout the weeks that you're really kind of growing into your alter ego. You seemed a little meek and shy and now you feel more confident and it was an amazing job. This is the happiest I've seen you perform, and I haven't even seen your face. And again, I feel like this show is more than a competition for you. This is therapy for you, and honestly, you have a breakthrough, and that's tonight. Good job. And now it's time for the Unicorn to reveal something meaningful. Security! Reveal the revealing item. ♪ ♪ Can't wait to see what this is. Get your binoculars out. Ken, let's do this. Let's do some investigating. It is... ‐Ooh. ‐ From the 1900s. That's a‐‐that's a big iPad. A typewriter. Unicorn. Tell us something about your revealing item. ‐A magician! ‐You know what, - ‐enough with the magic. - A magician! These first two clues are magic now. It's all magic, and I think these are red herrings. Typewriter doesn't mean anything. It could just mean‐‐ I‐‐I don't want to be that guy, but maybe she's old. I'm just saying, ‐you know? ‐ Maybe she's old and she loves to type. I'm not saying‐‐no, you're great. You're great. Not you. Hypothetically you. Please. Believe it or not, Unicorn, you've given us many clues. The one that you just brought out kinda confirmed who I think you are. I think you're definitely a writer, but that's maybe not your first gift. I think you also, um, make crafts. Maybe, like, a younger Martha Stewart, which is why you're so crafty. I think it's Lauren Conrad. But we also heard, again, cartwheels. And I don't know, was Lauren Conrad known for any kind of athleticism? What about Tori Spelling? What about, like, all the‐‐ all the Beverly Hills stuff? Well, that's hills, she was on a show called The Hills. - A‐ha. - I don't think of Lauren ‐Conrad, I mean‐‐ NICOLE: I'm still going off of the whole Denise Richards vibe, because she said she lost her sheen. Yes. There's a lot of dimensions to that Unicorn. I think it's very courageous that you just did what‐‐what you did, ‐Absolutely. because I loved your energy and your spirit behind it. You had really good attitude behind it. It sounds like you guys are definitely onto something, and we were on to this performance. You guys, keep it going for the Unicorn. Good job. Great job. Thank you. Head on back to the lair to await your fate, Unicorn. Unicorn kisses to you too. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask, and if the Unicorn loses tonight's vote, we could find out if they're right. Hey, you guys, who's that other one ‐that got all the stuff? ‐Heidi Montag. ‐Yes! ‐Heidi Montag. ‐Yeah. ‐No. No, no, no, no. She's not crafty, you guys. Becoming the Unicorn has actually given me more courage than I ever imagined I could have. I really never want to take it off. ♪ Who is that? ♪ Is my face looking okay out there? Are you sure that's okay? I'm waiting for someone to say, "Jenny, take off your mask," 'cause I have so much makeup on. Okay, here we go, folks, in three, two, and... ♪ ♪ ♪ Who is that? ♪ Welcome back. Listen. I love all of our singers, but I gotta give it up for our next singer, who always shows up on time, even though it lives a few million light years away. So let's all take a look at the video for the Alien. Being in this competition has been such an incredible experience. I've spent my entire life under a microscope, poked and prodded at, and now, for the first time, I'm unknown. No one talks to me or sees me. I'm finally getting some peace and quiet, and I love it. Growing up, I always craved the simple life. The Simple Life. Is that Paris Hilton? No, it's Nicole Richie. Or Sofia Richie. Ooh, that's hot. That's hot. Paris Hilton used to say that. But it seems, being born into a famous family, I was destined for the limelight. She comes from a known family. - ‐ - I mean, I'm only human, even when I put this mask on. There's that snake again. ‐Another snake. Yeah, someone petite who loves the snake. And tonight, what I'm bringing to this performance is how I'm feeling inside. Happy. ♪ It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Sunshine she's here, you can take a break ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space ♪ Okay. ♪ With the air, like I don't care ♪ ♪ Baby by the way ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy ♪ ♪ Clap along if you feel ♪ ♪ Like a room without a roof ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy ♪ ♪ Clap along if you feel ♪ ♪ Like happiness is the truth ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy ♪ ♪ Clap along if you know ♪ ♪ What happiness is to you ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy, clap along if you feel ♪ ♪ Like that's what you wanna do ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Bring me down, can't nothing ♪ ‐Really? ‐Yeah. No way! ♪ Can't nothing ♪ ♪ Bring me down ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Bring me down, can't nothing ♪ ♪ Bring me down ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy ♪ ♪ Clap along if you feel ♪ ♪ Like a room without a roof ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy, clap along if you feel ♪ ♪ Like happiness is the truth ♪ ♪ Because I'm happy, clap along if you know ♪ ♪ What happiness is to you because I'm happy ♪ - ‐ She's singing this week. - ♪ If you feel ♪ ♪ That's what you wanna do ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐Hey. ‐Whoo! You guys, keep it going for the Alien. Alien! Alien! Alien! Dr. Ken, talk to me. Because of how good this performance was and there was an arc,, there was growth to it, and because of this confusing, snake‐driven clue package, I have no idea who this is. I don't know who I am sometimes. ‐It's okay. ‐All right, I gotta chill. I got a feeling I know who's happy up under this alien outfit. Nicole. How happy were you with the Alien's performance? I was‐‐that performance made me really happy, and thrown off. 'Cause I thought I knew who it was, and then I said," she coming out singing tonight." I feel like you been holding‐‐ holding back on us. I thought it was Nicole Richie, but I think you are, possibly, a true singer. I think so. I think it's her first thing. I‐‐you got me thrown off, but I think you did a great job tonight. All right, it's time for the Alien to do her thing and reveal something personal. Security, reveal the revealing item. ♪ ♪ Here we go. ♪ ♪ It's a police badge. Okay, now I'm even more confused. ‐What? ‐Ho, ho. Okay, yeah, the person I thought definitely ain't the police. Alien, please tell us something about your revealing item. This badge is not a prop. I've sworn to protect and serve. Now Ken is even more confused. I have no idea what this is right now. Were you arrested for doing something with the snake? I don't know anything! I thought it was Nicole Richie, but she got arrested, so you can't really do the arresting. I was with you too. I was‐‐I was feeling that vibe. Right? The Simple Life, she gave a clue‐‐ She kept saying simple life. Yeah, I was very Nicole Richie vibes until I heard her sing, like, really sing, tonight, and she's got a little bit of soul in there, and a sweetness to her voice, and she was moving. What does it say on the badge? - It's Indiana. - Indiana? No, don't "" I'm picking up what you're putting down, Scherzinger. I think, like, one of the‐‐ one of the Jacksons. If you go with the Jacksons, is it La Toya Jackson? Yeah. Does anybody get the whole snake thing? Because from day one, she's had the snake. La Toya is known for the snake. I get it, but it could be Britney Spears with the snake, it could be‐‐ there are a lot of ladies with snakes that I've met in my lifetime. Okay, Paula Abdul! And that's very Paula's body. That's Paula's body. It is a Paula body. Who is under the mask? Whoever she is, she gave an amazing performance tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going for the Alien. Thank you so much. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. Who do you think it is? ♪ ♪ I've been thinking Paula Abdul from the beginning. Like, no more Mr. Not So Good At This Game Guy anymore. The panel were doing so well, but that police badge totally threw them off. I love being anonymous, and I definitely want to be the last mask standing. Coming up... ‐You go, girl! I feel like I know that voice. I'm onto you. Now, Lion, you're my prey. And later... - ‐The votes are in. - Take it off! Tonight's unmasked singer is... My God! My God! I am shocked. Come on, everybody. Okay, who's been the worst guesser so far? I would say Ken. I think the worst guesser is probably me. Um... Or Ken. Judge Mathis. Dog the Bounty Hunter. Buzz Aldrin. Senator Mitch McConnell. ‐ Even though I'm a doctor, I'm probably the stupidest of all judges. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in the house. He didn't even guess his own sister, Margaret Cho. But I'm also the silliest, so I think that's redeeming. Maybe? ♪ ♪ Welcome back to The Masked Singer, y'all. I'm up here hanging with my crew. ‐Yeah! ‐Whoo! Yeah, yeah! This is the show where our singers are all famous and frequently furry. Kinda like this next one. We all love this lioness, but let's look very closely for any clues we might have missed about the Lion. The last time I performed, Nicole wasn't impressed by my voice. I don't necessarily think that she's a professional singer. ‐ ‐You don't think she is? I feel more‐‐I don't think so. And I'm upset about it, because I feel like being onstage is my destiny. Destiny. Destiny's Child. When I sing, I try to open up my whole heart, so I can be a model of courage and vulnerability. Model. Maybe she's a model. Just like the Lion in my favorite movie, The Wizard of Oz. They say there's no place like home, and I feel at home on the stage. I want all the panel to feel that too, so it's time for me to stop being all sugar and spice. Ticktock, the twister is coming. ‐Ticktock. ‐Ticktock. Kesha. Kesha. You don't think I'm a professional singer? Then it's time for me to let out my roar. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ All the leaves are brown ♪ ♪ And the sky is gray ♪ ♪ I've been for a walk ♪ ♪ On a winter's day ♪ ♪ I'd be safe and warm ♪ ♪ If I was in LA ♪ ♪ California dreamin', ♪ ♪ On such a winter's day ♪ Jeez. ‐You go, girl! ♪ All the leaves are brown ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And the sky is gray ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I've been for a walk ♪ ♪ On a winter's day ♪ ♪ I'd be safe and warm ♪ ♪ If I was in LA ♪ ♪ California dreamin' ♪ ♪ On such a winter's day ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - Wow. - That was beautiful. ‐That was unbelievable! Good job. ‐Great job. ‐Gorgeous. Ladies and gentlemen, keep it going for the Lion! Lion! Lion! Lion! Lion! I like what you're doing right there. Like I said, before, I thought it was Beyoncé, but it was definitely fierce, so I don't know what's going on. Nicole, what struck you about the Lion's performance this week? I am shocked, ‐'cause...she can sing. ‐ - ‐Can definitely sing. - ‐ And then her vibrato, I felt like, I heard... Yeah, yeah, I felt‐‐ it sounded familiar. ‐I felt like I know this voice. ‐Yeah. The great thing about you that a lot of singers know is, sometimes you're supposed to sing strong to compete with the music, and sometimes the small, detailed subtleties is what really makes you a great singer, and that's what I noticed, that you knew when to be strong, you knew when to be soft, so I was very impressed. Very impressed. Well, she's definitely a woman that can't be tamed. I'll tell you that. There was a clue with "TiK ToK". And that's a Kesha song. And so maybe she collaborated with Kesha at some point? Which leads me to nothing, because... I can't think of anyone that did collaborate with Kesha, but I know that that's a good clue. Some of the hints we've gotten before, that she used to be a part of a group‐‐ I'm still thinking Michelle Williams from Destiny's Child as my first guess. Hey, not after that voice. Not after that voice. She didn't sound like any of the girls. - ‐But speaking of clues... - Yes. Lion. Let's see what you brought from your den. Security, reveal the revealing item. ♪ ♪ All right. Okay. What is the... A scrunchie? It's a scrunchie. Lion, please, tell us about... the scrunchie. Nicole. Why the look? Are you picking up ‐on something? ‐I‐‐I got nothing. I mean, she's got a large mane, so you would imagine that might go with her family, and they've got a lot of hair. And she needs a scrunchie to put it all back. And they need a scrunchie, so it's a‐‐ Okay, okay, I see you. I see you, Mel B. - ‐Okay. - Right, it could be. I mean, remember the package did say "I'm sugar and spice." But she also said it‐‐ "my destiny." This is something, guys. I just have to point this out. I am so sorry to interrupt. - ‐Point it out, Ken. - Two bodyguards came in with a freaking scrunchie? This doesn't give us anything. You're getting upset again, Ken. You're getting upset! - ‐Calm down. - I'm keeping my cool, Nick Cannon. You're getting upset. You're out of order. Look. I'm onto you. I have these clues. You're an amazing singer, but it's not about being special, okay? Now, Lion, you're my prey. I'm onto you, I'm getting closer, and by the end of the series, I will know exactly who you are, but right now I got nothing. - Everyone will. - ‐ Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, one more time for the amazing Lion. Thank you. Our panel thought one of these celebrities might be under the mask. If Lion loses tonight, we could find out if they're right. Right now, everyone's performed, and it's time for the big vote, so I'd like to ask three of your closest friends, whose real names we do not know at all, back onstage. Let's welcome back the Rabbit! Yeah, Rabbit! Whoo! Still in character. The Unicorn! Whoo! I wanna know who the Unicorn is. And the Alien. Go, girl! Audience and panel. The time is now to get your vote on. Vote for your favorite. The celebrity with the least votes will be unmasked and sent home at the end of the night. And all of you out there, tell us about your favorites as well, and don't forget to use that hashtag, #TheMaskedSinger. Who's behind the mask? And who's about to take it all off‐‐ well, not all, just the mask. The votes are in. Tonight's unmasked singer is... The votes are in, and tonight's unmasked singer is... the Unicorn. Unicorn. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. She is amazing. The rest of our characters, say your goodbyes to the Unicorn. She tried so hard. And head back to the lair. - ‐Unicorn! - Unicorn... - ‐Unicorn! - Head back over this way, ‐please. ‐We love you! We love you. Aw, we love you, Unicorn. We saw your growth. We saw your journey. It was outstanding. Now we're gonna get to see your face. ‐Whoo! ‐Show us your face! Show us your face! But...before the Unicorn takes it off, gang, who do you guys really think this is? This one, guys, has me stumped. Right? I think this has been the toughest for all of us. Why don't you start? - ‐Definitely. - Well, I wanted to ask once again, can you show us the heels, the size of the heels? I just wanna know how tall she is. Okay, that's helpful. Okay, thank you. Were you really looking at the heels? What is up with you and the latex and the heels? No, 'cause, I‐‐ 'cause, no, 'cause we've been going on this gymnastic, you know, thing... ‐Right, right. And then, I'm gonna take everything I know. I don't really know, a lot about this person, but I'm a big fan. So I'm gonna go with Gabby Douglas, the, Olympic medalist. ‐Wow. ‐ Why not? - All right. - I like her. No, I'm gonna go with the secret little clue that I got, which was The Hills. Um, Lauren Conrad. That's who I feel. I'm going with it and I'm sticking with it. Okay. That's a good one. Crafty. Writer. What do you think, Nicole? Um... I was thinking Denise Richards. Going off of the, sheen. Lost their sheen, I remember that. Ken, you look very upset. Well, I'm just confused. He's scared, I think. And also, just props out to the Unicorn for, like, an amazing journey. - ‐Yeah. - Wonderful. And so I'm a little‐‐ little torn too, because I just think, you know, out of all of them, like, emotionally, like, there was a sentimental favorite, you know, that is the Unicorn, so I give a shout‐out. But I‐‐I do think, I've been thinking Tori Spelling this whole time. ‐Yeah. ‐Grew up, like, Beverly Hills, famous parents, and, like, just kind of the comeback, been through a lot, so, um... Could you be making sense right now? ‐Maybe. ‐ Finally, just in time for the end of the episode. ‐It's his comeback. ‐Maybe. From Margaret. Forget about Margaret. Just stop mentioning Margaret Cho. It's his comeback. Okay, panel. You've made your final guesses. Now let's see if any of you were right. All right, the moment has come. We all need to know. Unicorn. My gosh, I'm so excited. I'm so nervous! Show us all who's behind the mask. Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Take it off! Lauren Conrad! ‐Tori Spelling! ‐Need some help? - ‐Who is it? - Take it off! ‐My God! My God! ‐Hold on, hold on‐‐ All right! Ladies and gentlemen! It's Tori Spelling! You were right, Ken! You were right! Redemption! Ken got it right! You actually got something right! I'm never right! You got something right! Actress, best‐selling author, and TV icon! No way! - Tori Spelling! - No way! - Whoo! - Aw. My goodness. I had no idea. First of all... Ken was right. My goodness! Redemption. Last week you were totally off, and this week... This is the only time I've ever done anything right in my life. ‐Whoo! ‐Ever. And I‐‐And I meant every word, what I said. You were my sentimental favorite. I love you so much. And you had the most heart being here tonight, and I... you just‐‐please. Tori Spelling. You did a great job. Amazing. And I'm just happy it's not Margaret Cho. I'm just so happy. You know. Love you. You did it, Ken. Tori, not only have we been able to witness your journey, but we witnessed your journey on this show, and you're emotional now. Can you please tell us what made you muster up the courage to even do this show and be here with us tonight? This right now, performing in front of people, is my biggest fear in life. Aww. ‐Um... ‐Well, you did an amazing job. ‐You did an amazing job. Whoo! I always‐‐I always wanted to sing, and I love singing. When I was little, someone told me I was tone deaf, and it stayed with me my whole life. And, um, I love singing with my kids, and I wanted them to know that they could be whatever they want to be, and so I did this show. ‐So sweet. ‐Aw. - ‐So sweet. - ‐ I'm sad it took me this long in life to feel confident and feel like I could do something like this, but I'm glad The Masked Singer brought it out in me. Way to face your fears. Can I ask you what the typewriter meant? Is that‐‐you also wrote books? Is that why? That's true, but it wasn't. It's actually my dad's typewriter, ‐and... ‐I knew it. I felt that. ‐My God. ‐He actually‐‐ that's how he did it. It's old school. But he started every one of his scripts throughout forever on that, and then I got it when he passed. So that was the actual family heirloom. That was Aaron Spelling's typewriter, who wrote several of our favorite television shows. So ladies and gentlemen, once again, a round of applause and well‐deserved cheer for Tori Spelling. I can't believe you got it, Ken! I'm so happy for you. And before we go, to sing for us once again, Tori Spelling! Tori! Tori! Tori! ♪ I got this feeling on a summer day ♪ ♪ When you were gone ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I watched, I let it burn ♪ ♪ I threw your stuff into a bag ♪ ♪ And pushed it down the stairs ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I got this feeling on a summer day ♪ ♪ When you were gone ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I watched, I let it burn ♪ ♪ I threw your stuff into a bag ♪ ♪ And pushed it down the stairs ♪ ♪ I crashed my car into the bridge ♪ ♪ I don't care ♪ ♪ I love it ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoo! Tori Spelling, ladies and gentlemen! That wasn't so bad unmasked! That was amazing. Tori! Tori! Tori! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 