Tigtone: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tigtone 
 s1e5 - Tigtone and the Wizard Hunt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tigtone (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Tigtone and the Wizard Hunt - full transcript 
 Tigtone temporarily becomes a wizard on the very same day of the year when all wizards lose their powers and the traditional hunt on them begins. Meanwhile, the Queen/King try to raise their favorite court wizard from the dead. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] The [INAUDIBLE]. Yes, it's a nasty ice melting, Tone. Unfreeze the frozen library of Levoquin by lighting all four of hose wall scones at the same time. Helpy, be on fire. [SCREAM] Sh, this is a library. Scream quiet. The library is saved, so you get a reward. It's this one. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Ancient Wizard Handbook. But know this, if you read the magic words out loud, you will... [INAUDIBLE]. Become a wizard. Magic courses to through my veins. Flash hands. Come, Helpy. Let's go test my new magic powers. Bee raid. Switch legs with head. Prepare temperature. I am full of such a [INAUDIBLE] for joy, I don't even know what day it is. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Today as the day you graduate from Wizard School. You're no longer kidzards, which is what I call kid wizards. It's kind of fun. But before you get your hats, I have to tell you the awful truth. You see those three of the six moons aligning up there and all those mortals sharpening weapons? Well, the thing about that is... Oh, yes, wizard hunt. The one day of the year we mortals may hunt wizards for fun. But for me only a tearful reminder of our beloved long dead wizard Amothedius. Mathis? Yes, my King Queen. Open our locket so that we may gaze upon him. Oh. Silence. The moons are about to align, three of six, that is. That's right, the lunar alignment sucks all the magic right out of this world and sort of robs us of our powers. OK, here we go. Should we count it down? Anyone? No? OK, then, let's just let it happen without the countdown then. Helpy, ribs go on the inside. My regeneration power, it's gone. Allow me. Regenerate. Why would my wizard magic suddenly disappear? Wizard hunt. Wizard hunt. Wizard hunt, the holiday I'm best at. Kill the wizards. Oh, no. I'm a wizard. Unwieldy beard. I do so miss Amothedius. I miss him too. You don't see me having emotions about it. Oh, if only there were a way to redirect the magic energy with this focusing staff and use it to restore Amothedius to life. I've just come up with a marvelous plan to get Amothedius back. Mathis? Yes, my liegeses. Shut up. Do what the King just said. Wizard hunt. Wizard hunt. Oh, downs, it's the wizard ender Tigtone. My name is Crackers. Crackers the wizard, and you can imagine how terrifying it is to have you here Tigtone. I mean you no murder. I too am hunted. Oh, that's great. Hey, zons, there's something weird about the way the moons are glowing. Like someone's redirecting the magic energy. Two or more can play at this game of using a staff to change things. Command-Or Mathis, I have come to reclaim that magic for all wizards. I can't let you, Tigtone. I need some of that magic to resurrect Amothedius, and I'm doing a good job of it. You've never done a good job of anything. Yes. One big wizard with all the magic is better. What have you done? That's too much magic. He will protect us with his giant wisdom. [INAUDIBLE] Take that, mortals. I must share the good news with my breaded brethren. Come, Helpy. I can't, Tigtone. Please listen to me. I've helped you on many quests, but now I have only one quest left, I'm going to die. Take this to remember you by. Please, please, just stay with me. So this is how it ends, abandoned, alone. I too know the pain of wounds both inner and outer. I can see by your scars that you have faced many fearsome foes. Especially the most fearsome foe of all, myself. Fear not, neglected one, I shall take you back to the castle where you can spend your last moments with that stranger we call dignity. Amothedius, alive, and there's so much more of him to love. We're going to need a bigger market. King Queen, I'm back. Mathis, we blame you for this mess. Go sit down. No, in the corner on the ground. Wizards, see this. I have brought us a champion. Mouth lightning is my favorite. Oh, no. He cast goat throw. All stop and look at Tigtone. Wizard hunt. Do you hear those words? Wizard hunt. I didn't understand them when I said wizard hunt. I didn't understand them when I hunted wizards. It was only today when I was a wizard and I was hunted that I truly understood. Wizard hunt is hunting wizards, and it's wrong. Mortals and wizards, put aside your differences and join me to destroy this one giant wizard, for you see, all wizards have one weakness, me. Something's not quite right. Perfect. And so begins the grand battle of our age, a giant wizard against a mortal giant wooden man. [INAUDIBLE] Propecia is saved. All thanks to Tigtone's terrifying presence. And no thanks to Mathis. At least this day I have finally made a true friend in you, Helpy. Please, Mathis, call me by my real name. It's... Tigtone. Quickly, fellow wizards, reclaim your magic from the giant's corpse through the ritual of nuzzling. Nuzzle like you really mean it. Here, Helpy, regenerate. I'm OK. Come, Tigtone, won't you nuzzled with us and regain your wizardly powers? No, Crackers, I don't believe I will. But why not? Because... I love wizard hunt. Woo, that's one for the books. My books. Chirp. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 