Tigtone: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tigtone 
 s1e9 - Tigtone and the Singing Blade - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tigtone (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Tigtone and the Singing Blade - full transcript 
 The ballad of Tigtone and the homicidal sword, sung by the homicidal sword. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 KingQueen... it took a lifetime, but we've found your weapon thief. [ Gasps ]Huh? Bard Sword, tell them everything. Aah! Bard Sword, you better start singing. ♪ A singer is a bard ♪ A sword is a sword ♪ 'Tis how I got my name ♪ The Bard Sword ♪♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Forced to perform ♪ Forever bored ♪ And wishing to be a killing sword ♪ ♪♪ ♪ I want to taste blood and flesh ♪ ♪ That is the way of the blade ♪ ♪ Blood and flesh, slaughter them all ♪ ♪ That is the way of the blade ♪ No, no, no. This is not a nice song. Your songs should not be excessively bloody or gory. It makes me sick and afraid. ♪ My murder lust was a lust I shared ♪ ♪ With my young swordbearer ♪ The disturbed young Decker 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, how I wish to be a blade for death and not for song. I'd rather kill with a sword than bear one. Ah. ♪ Young Decker and I, happy as can be ♪ ♪ Snuck out that night on a killing spree ♪ Ha ha! [ Squeals ] Yes. Die. Ha ha! Ah! Ah! I want more excessively bloody or gory. Me too. Oh, what if we made you a big body out of all the weapons? That is... a marvelous idea! [ Both laughing ] ♪ We stole our victims' weaponry ♪ ♪ To make a giant weapon body for me ♪ [ Both laughing ] Swordteener, I need weapon upgrade! Swordteener? Swordteener! All your swords have been stolen! Someone has been robbing the dead of their weapons. Tigtone, you must find the missing weapons. Helpy, our thief appears to be someone with very small red feet. ♪ Tigtone and Helpy on an adventure ♪ ♪ Their expert tracking skills led them directly to us ♪ Bard Sword: Oh, yes. Yes. The weapon thief is just a child. [ Laughs ] Then this is going to be easy. Remember, Tigtone, it is wrong to fight children. Enh. Tigtone, I figured it out. In order to fight a child, you must become a child. No. No, Helpy, I can't do that. Tigtone? I can't be a child, not again. Why not, Tigtone? I've never told anyone this before, but here I go. ♪ Tigtone had never shared his feelings before ♪ ♪ It was dear and sincere and beautiful to hear ♪ Tigtone, that is the most dear and sincere thing you've ever shared with me. This changes everything. Yes, Helpy. I think now I am finally ready to become a child again. Then let us go get some universal transformation potion. ♪ And then they went ♪ For universal transformation potions ♪ ♪ See the alchemist in his chemist tree ♪ With this universal transformation potion, you can do just what it's called, but let me explain. You can transform into anything: a chair or a shelf. You could turn into me or pottery, but use it more wisely than my suggestion choices. Well, here you are, Tigtone. Ah. ♪ Tigtone drank the potion down ♪ ♪ Then he became Tigtone Tigtone! All right. Let's go. [ Gasps ] I got a sword. Yes. Yes, you do. I'm a big, strong hero. Yes. Okay, off we go. Ha! Tigtone, come back. ♪ My giant weapon body ♪ My giant weapon body ♪ My giant weapon body ♪ My giant weapon body Heh heh! Let's go try it out. No, young Decker. I still need another sword to complete my arm. Then Propecia and KingQueen will bleed before me. [ Laughs menacingly ] Tigtone, we have to go. You have to look for me. Say, "Where is Tigtone?" [ Groans ] Where's Tigtone? I can't find him. Hmm, I wonder if he's under here. Heyah! I win. [ Laughs ] That's enough. [ Gasps ] [ Sobs ] What have I done? I hate you, Helpy. You're not my real father or mother. [ Sobbing ] ♪ I care not for mortal drama ♪ So I have nothing to say ♪ About what just happened I'm sorry I hit you, Tigtone. And I'm sorry I chopped your feet off. My feet can regenerate on their own, but you, Kid Tigtone, have regenerated my heart. Helpy, can I still play hero? Only if I can still play sidekick. You, there. Give me your sword! And I want you to have it for your death! That's my Tigtone. - Aaah! - Aaah! ♪ I know young Decker was brave ♪ ♪ But he was no match for Tigtone at any age ♪ [ Crying ] You tripped me! That's cheating. Nuh-unh. Bard Sword just needed one more sword to complete his weapon body. What is a bard sword? An evil sword that sings. He's going to kill everyone with his giant weapon body. [ Gasps ] Why not just call him a singing sword? This isn't fun anymore. I'm going home. Now what are we going to do? You became a child to fight a child, but the real enemy is a sword. Remember, Tigtone, you have some transformation potion with. That's right! Bard Sword, it's me, Decker. I'm back. Young Decker, you look different. If I look so different, how would I know you needed one more sword to complete your weapon body, huh? ♪ I never paid attention ♪ to what people look like ♪ And at the time, the story seemed to check out ♪ Very well. Ha ha ha! I am complete! Wait. Something about this feels... unnatural! Ha ha! Is this quite the twist in the arm? Draw! Gah! ♪ Tigtone's sheer willpower energy ♪ ♪ Blew up my giant weapon body ♪ No. Helpy, help us two. Let's finish this. Very well. - Aah! - Aah! Ah! [ Grunting ] ♪ Tigtone had the upper hand ♪ But then I had the upper hand ♪ [ Growling, laughing ] - Helpy! - Prepare to die, Tigtone. Help me. [ Laughing ] [ Grunting ] Tigtone! This feels like... closure. Now give me some more universal transformation potion, so I can return to my formful glory. It's all gone. Oh! No! They finally got me, Tigtone. No more illegal potions for anyone. Wait, there's still a few drops left. I'm willing to see what that gets me. [ Crackling ] I am Tigtone! ♪ So Tigtone stayed a Tigtone child ♪ ♪ Helpy raised him into a Tigtone man ♪ Tigtone! ♪ He found young Decker ♪ Who was now just a man ♪ He killed him ♪ Then there was a happy wedding ♪ Tigtone: What the hell? Oh. That never happened. Oh, I added that part. All good ballads should end with a happy wedding. Who said this was a good ballad? Ah! Ah! Aaaaaaaah! [ Screaming continues ] [ Screaming continues ] [ Both laugh ] That ballad did not make any sense. But I love the happy wedding part. [ Sniffles ] So beautiful. [ Screaming continues ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 