Tigtone: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tigtone 
 s1e1 - Tigtone and His Fellowship Of - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tigtone (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Tigtone and His Fellowship Of - full transcript 
 Tigtone, who always quests alone, is forced by the King/Queen to lead a fellowship of fantasy adventurers tasked to stop a chicken necromancer from taking over the world. A strange creature called Helpy gives him a hand - and a leg. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dear Journal, I need more ink. Eh? What is that helpfully bizarre thing, I wonder? "Anyway, Journal, about that cave..." Aah! I quest with none other than my own cunning, strength, and name. Tigtone! I returned the long jewel to the kingdom of Propecia where it belongs, to KingQueen. Thank you, Tigtone. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And for that, they threw me a chicken dinner! Everyone, shut up. I'm going to inhale this chicken. This chicken has no soul. We taste nothing in this meat. Lore Mastra, explain. According to this book... Tasteless meat means the legend of Wadsor is true. Wadsor the Conquerator the Necromancer has returned! I'm back! He is using the souls of our chickens to recharge his rock army. My Repli-Rocks! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His only weakness is to stab his brain. Which he keeps locked deep within his lair. But not a regular stab. You must use the Reverse Dagger, capable of stabbing the dead to life, and the other way around. What say you to that? Is this a quest? - Indeed. - Indeed, indeed. Then I alone as always, by my lonesome, shall take this single quest, for this single questerer, and bear down upon it by myself. Well, then this is a good a quest as any to make use of our fellowship. And that fellowship is... Poach-Or. Friend to most animals, hunter of the rest. Axeanne. I'm even bigger in person. And Redundart. An elf. What part of "I fellowship alone" don't you understand? None part. Fast travels, Tigtone and friends. These heroes, Journal, they don't even have journals. And at this rate, we'll never get there on foot. Poach-Or, harness that Ride-ocerous if you're such a great animal master. I can try. I didn't say try. Come on. Come to Poach-Or. Come on. Ugh. Poach-Or will poach no more. Remember, Tigtone, you have the Reverse Dagger. Whoo! Now thatwas really something. Do it again! Ohh! It must only work once per dead person. Then we must honor his last wish, to ride that Ride-ocerous. - Stop! - Oh! We are arrived at Wadsor's lair. But the hidden door isn't on the map. I'll show you how to use a map. Ah. Hmm. We must make camp-camp here while I think of a way to find the key. What?! Then don't stand here flapping your ribs at me, flap your swords at Tigtone! You're right, Journal, something to take my mind off this main quest for a while is what I need. Tigtone, the well has been poisoned. Save my sick twin sister from the bottom of it. A side quest! Hyah! We need Tigtone! Hiss, hiss. That means "Thank you" where I come from, Tigtone. Hiss, hiss. The key. How do you kill that which is already bone? The Reverse Dagger! I'm alive! Thank you, Tigtone. Ah, I'm alive! Ahh! Hand over that key. But what about Axeanne? You can stab her back to live. I can only stab her back once, and I'd hate to waste it now. Ahh! The pendulum is mightier than the sword-ulum, Tigtone! Redundart, use yourself as pendulum bait. Because you'll bring me back with the Reverse Dagger, should I die. Your companion was a joke. And now he's dead. The joke is on you! I agree. Ah, finally, questing alone, as nature intended me. Two pressure plates? Ugh. Why didn't I bring more companions? Remember, Tigtone, dungeons have prisoners, and prisoners have body weight. Use a prisoner. Of course. This thing weighs enough to help me. Please chop my arms and legs off. - Oh... - Do it! Thank you, fellow stranger. Are you not stung by that? Of course, but I regenerate. And because you helped me, I'll do that to you. Help you, that is. Let's go. ...and so Wadsor trapped me and has been feeding off my life juices ever since. Mm-hmm. Here we are. Oh, we shall both stand on these pressure plates to open the door. You certainly do come in handy. I think I'll call you... Helpy. But my name is... Hyah! Thank you, Helpy. Wait! I want him to know it was me. My energy supply. My energy supply creature. Tigtone?! Wadsor's fully charged Repli-Rocks. Damn it. Shh. You distract him while I stab his brain. Right to his face. Hey, Wadsor! I'm full of life juices. Come and get me. Wait for it... Wait for it... Wait for it... Now! No mortal blade can kill me. I'm undead. And I am no mortal blade. And I am Tigtone! Oh, so that's your name? Proudfully nodding at a job well done. Me too, Tigtone. Me Helpy. And so to honor Tigtone for saving Propecia from tastelessness, we throw this second chicken dinner. The honor is all ours. And this is Helpy. I serve the Greater Good. Cheers to whatever that is. And to the Repli-Rocks, our new friends. The legend goes on to say they enjoy eating as much as we all do. All thanks to Tigtone. Thank you, Tigtone. - Huzzah! Dear Journal, ah, yes, Helpy is who that thing is. And thus fellowship is now in my inventory. But worry not. For I am still, as was before, as was always be... Tigtone! And Helpy. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 