Barkskins: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barkskins 
 s1e6 - The Wobble - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barkskins (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Wobble - full transcript 
 Trepagny and Bouchard attempt a daring rescue mission and incite war with the Iroquois. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 RENE: I am Monsieur Trepagny's. GAY BILL: If you get out of here alive, will you tell him Gay Bill says bonjour? Previously, on "Barkskins"... JEROME: Iroquois have taken Father Gabriel. You will entreat them with Monsieur Trepagny. TREPAGNY: Can you help us retrieve our men? We will show the way, no more. And I should do as I was paid to do... Smash your brains. Now, go. HAMISH: It's Lafarge's boy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 COOKE: A smart man forgoes small reward now for great reward later. DELPHINE: When I was a child, I caught the eye of a woodcutter. I kept my virtue. He made his mark. - Pierre, I'm sorry. - HAMISH: I'm looking for a Mr. Randall Cross. I'm here to discover his fate. MATHILDE: The girl they found out by the creek. She's a poor and damaged thing. - [screaming] - COOKE: The massacre... Cross was sent here to do that. Mr. Cross. [♪♪] [indistinct chatter] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Come. Where have you been? I've been where the blood glows. We've all seen blood. No, you haven't. On a child's face. The hem of a dress. The dirt drinks it in and then it travels into the trees. What are you talking about? The secret order of this place. It has been told to me. I came back to tell you. We've been through some hard times on your trail, Cross. You will tell us why you deserted. My sister Alice will be glad to hear that you are alive. And you will go back to her. You have a son, Randall. Tell them that I am dead. As far as the Company's concerned, you still work for them. You don't know the work the Company does. My sister will have her husband back. And the Company will have its account of your travels. I don't work for the Company. I have given it all up. Now, let me go and be lost again. HAMISH: We will get our answers. Randall. You will come with us at once. Would you like to hear a story? No. I would not. [♪♪] *BARKSKINS* Season 01 Episode 06 Episode Title :"The Wobble" Aired on: June 08, 2020 [chatter in distance] TREPAGNY [whispering]: Take in the details. Set a careful plan, Captain. The plan is I will kill three savages, Deputy Guy is good for two, though he is a poor shot. That leaves one for you, Trepagny. De Fer ordered us to entreat, not attack. Plans rarely go as one might expect. - Oh, killed many savages, have you? - I have not had the misfortune, but I was at the Battle of the Dunes with Cardinal Mazarin. I don't give a cold piss about the Dunes. We have pistols and muskets. They have pointy sticks. All plans were smashed that day. Now is not the time to fill your boot leather with mud. I don't intend to die rescuing a priest. - Sel is down there. - That goes double for your indentured man. I'd rather die for my hat. GUY: Any sign of them? Six savages. Father Gabriel? He may already be dead. [Bouchard laughs] You're in the belly of the whale now, Father. Come, share a drink with me. Father Gabriel is not dead. Sel is there. Alive, I believe. We shall put them under the musket. And they shall fold under our might. No, Captain. Father Clape and I will entreat them. The Iroquois are not like other tribes. They will not be receptive to your enticements of an afterlife. All creatures hear the word of the Lord equally, Monsieur Trepagny. Now is not the time to debate, Father, but once I read the Book of Ezekiel, chapter one, verses one through 16 to a field toad. Do you know what it did? It hopped away. It wanted a worm. Not the word of God. The Lord shall wrap us in his shroud of heavenly protection. Where was that shroud when they took Father Gabriel? Father Gabriel is being tested. Father Gabriel is being tortured. We will entreat the Iroquois and discuss a peaceful resolution. You entreat all you want, Father, after we've put some savage souls in dog hell. Ah, yes, consult the good book, Father. There's a fair bit of wisdom in there about the time to sort the world with smiting. There will be no smiting. Now, come on, Father. Come on. Bonne chance. The heavenly ladder is slick with the blood of martyrs. JEROME: I come in peace. I am sent with treaties from Intendant De Fer that want me to end the bloodshed. Save the last swallow for when the killing's done. JEROME: We mean no harm. As you can see, we are not armed. It seems Father Jerome's sour face is quite charming after all. JEROME: For our brother, Father Gabriel. BOUCHARD: Can this be the mystical shroud the Father was talking about? Take dead aim and pray your ball finds savage skull. GABRIEL: Help me, Father. Help me. If your people go out to battle against His enemies, then you shall hear in heaven and you shall vindicate them. Aw, hell. [whooping] Follow! [men shouting, screaming] [groans] [grunting] [both grunting] Aah! RENE: Bouchard. Don't let that dog get away. [♪♪] [indistinct chatter] Delphine. For the intendant. Oh, that looks good. And... I must say that I am being served by a very charming lady. Don't be shy. [laughs] You caught the Intendant De Fer's eye. I did? Oh, come now, Delphine. I saw him lean in to see your face. What did he say? He thanked me for the ham. Surely there was more than that. I don't know, per-perhaps a compliment. [groans] Put your shoulders back, smile. The food tastes better when the one serving it has some polish. I am still trying to find my place. Your place is here now, and I can't have you walking around like some cut flower. - I will try. - Of course you will. You have nowhere else to go. Come now, I am just speaking a simple truth. The inn is not so bad. Better than a dark cabin in the woods. Now then, I aim to expand. More room for dining, away from the billiards. A place for the men to sit and put their hand to drink and tell their stories. [laughs] And a place for the women, away from the men, should they wish. Do you have any ideas? Rabbits. Yes, Renardette, more rabbits. What about you, Delphine? I don't know. You don't know or you won't say? I want to hear your opinions. Mmm. Come. Help me fetch some prune tart. We need three pieces. Renardette, brandy. I have some unpleasant business to attend to. It will be good to have you by my side. Uh... [chuckles softly] Come. [chuckles] Uh, no, no. It is better for you to stay here, dear. The man, Mr. Cross, is up there. I want to see. No. You stay down here. Cut onions. HAMISH: Come, Randall. Look upon Alice. Her kind and beautiful face. [scoffs] She's not kind. [chuckles] The image does not do her justice. CROSS: Her eyes... Cold, black stones. I remember them well. They are not black. They are brown. And I will not let you abandon her. Then you may go back to her. Attend to sweet Alice and her worries. Captain Wale says you were supposed to deliver something. What? [knocking] Come in, Mathilde. I am afraid I am going to be needing the room back. Randall has not yet sufficiently recovered. YVON: How is the room needed if we are in it? The Intendant De Fer has taken notice of the English presence. So it is his wish that we should be put out of a room - we've already paid for? - I have made some brandy here and prune tart for you. Uh, it does not begin to make up for the sudden notice. Nor does it repay the debt I owe you for defending my inn against Gus Lafarge. But please, you... Renardette? What are you doing? Get back here. That is enough, Renardette. Come. Take her downstairs. Excuse me. Go, Renardette. Please. As you can see, his presence has upset poor Renardette. You have recovered, Mr. Cross. Now, I am sure he is eager to go home, leave Wobik. So, if you will please accept this small gift and begone. [sighs] We will gather our things and part on good terms. I would not want to put you in a strange position with Intendant De Fer. Merci. [birds chirping] [sighs] [groans softly] [♪♪] [♪♪] [clattering in distance] [clattering continues] What is this? My mother gave these to me. I cooked my first meal for Mr. Trepagny with them. They're yours, then. And the house is yours. All of it. I am leaving. You may tell him that. He has not returned yet. The Iroquois will put his body in a tree. The Doma will be put to a torch. And then they will come for you. Take your pot and leave. If he does return, tell him I saw what the ram's insides spoke of. What are you talking about? Tell him I saw his end. Get out! Now! [♪♪] [♪♪] BOUCHARD: Trepagny. Bouchard. I'm leaking, but alive. You? Painfully alive. BOUCHARD: A bad day for the black robes. Thin one fell on the fat one and killed him. We will have to answer for this. [sighs] Yes. Yes, we will. Now it is our duty to put them into the dirt. I will attend to Hawahstha'. Leave him in the sun, he will turn to mud. No, we will return him to the Wyandot. Without them, your entrails would decorate these rocks. - Where is Sel? - Oh, he went that way. After the last savage. Both of them dead in the trees, most likely. No, no, no, no. He is alive, I feel it. Well... [clears throat] Let's go find your man. [grunts] [grunts] GAY BILL: You're not gonna be able to stab your way out of this one, French. I mean, you're welcome to try. But... they'll take that little knife of yours and they'll make a wee cut, right here. They'll reach in, real gentle-like, pull out your guts, feed them to the dogs while you watch. Now, the dogs... They don't go far at first, but soon, they get to frisking, competing with each other, and before you know it, they've got you unspooled. I am prepared to die. GAY BILL: Such brave and grand words. Let him go. My men are dead. My brother is dead. He should be fed to the dogs. The French in Wobik are responsible, but not this one. I mean, look at him. He's a simple man. Your father would spare him. Because... more will come. Isn't that right, French? And then we can kill them all. It's what we both want. Hmm. Now... I should like to sit by a fire, take off my boots, have a meal, a proper shit. The stuff of life. Go on, French. Walk. Tell them Gay Bill is a kind and wise man. Off you trot. You let a savage into the house. I-I did? Yes, inside. The housekeeper? Y-Yes. Do you like roses? They look magnificent, don't you think? They look like roses. Now I wish to be escorted back to Wobik. - It is not safe here. - Hey, no, no. I... I will keep you safe. Hmm. Picking flowers? I have orders to wait here. - Orders from whom? - Captain Bouchard. He... he beats me on my head when I don't do as he says, so... Hmm. Tell me, what do you think Monsieur Trepagny will do if he discovers that you have let his new bride take the path to Wobik alone, unguarded? It will be worse than Captain Bouchard's blows. We-we must not leave here. They will be back soon. I will be waiting on the path, Deputy. - [rustling] - Shh, shh, shh. - Monsieur Sel! - Shh. Iroquois. There are too many. An Englishman, too. English? How far? Just through the woods. TREPAGNY: How did you escape? The Englishman convinced them. Bouchard. We have dodged death's warm embrace once today. I do not wish to tempt its coils again. We must return to Wobik and warn them. Your man is right. The Iroquois will come and kill us all. [indistinct chatter] Yvon. I'll meet you on the path. Keep a close eye on him. COOKE: You recovered Mr. Cross? I have. Well? What did he have to say for himself? Riddles. He's not the same man I knew. Well, that's a fortunate outcome, at least. Not for my sister. It's natural that a place like this should transform a man. I find myself anew in the silver of the mirror every morning. Now, I take it you spoke to Captain Wale in Quebec City? This is Mr. Charles Duquet. You may speak freely in front of him. It is still good to meet you. I did not come here for tea. And I prefer molasses, not honey. Captain Wale did confirm your ties to the Company. Well, you see, I am a man who speaks plainly. We found Lafarge's boy. Now, that is a relief. Well, it would be... if he were still alive. We found him dead, by the river. A shame. His mother will be brought to her knees. HAMISH: The boy's death is on your ledger. COOKE: No, Mr. Goames. You're mistaken. I have orders from Captain Wale to form a partnership with you. And though I find it disagreeable, I am a Company man, and an order is an order, after all. But I am but a simple barrel maker. My position within these walls hinges on the good graces of Intendant De Fer. You see, my time in the fiddle afforded me some much needed reflection. I'm keeping my beard low to the ground, and as such, I would point you in the direction of a Mr. Bill Selby. He's out there forming alliances. Perhaps your Mr. Cross knows of his whereabouts. Good day. [chuckles] - I handled the boy. - COOKE: And left the body for any passing fool to find? Better it look like an accident. It wasn't an accident, Charles. I see it in your eyes. It was sloppy work. I should dissolve our partnership. That would be an unfortunate decision. It's my decision to make. Before you make it, I would like to know why you neglected to tell the Hudson's Bay man about the pistols? What pistols are you referring to? If I were going to betray you I already would have. When I found that letter on your desk I gleaned a lot about your arrangement to supply guns to the Hudson's Bay Company. But I must confess I am still curious on a couple of points. It seems I have misjudged you. Where are the pistols? - I don't know. - They were to arm the Iroquois so that they could use them against the French. I know not what they were intended for. I traded for them, took my profit. That's the end of the story. [chuckles] Good, good. He saved my life. He disobeyed the clan mother. I will explain to her. You will do nothing, Trepagny. The Iroquois will now blame us. You have your man. And now I have my dead friend. It's the trade of the matter. We'll come and collect the bodies when we have more men. Now, come. [indistinct chatter] I'd like a room. Now, what would Monsieur Trepagny's bride be needing with a room? [scoffs] My name is Melissande, not "Monsieur Trepagny's bride." - I haven't taken his name yet. - Ah. And Monsieur Trepagny went off with Captain Bouchard. They haven't returned, and now I fear the worst. I'd like a room now. Monsieur Trepagny is in the company of Captain Bouchard, who, if he is anything, is stouthearted. - They will return safely. - And if they don't? I have no rooms. Delphine? Ah. We are full up, but she can stay with you, if you like. DELPHINE: It's disgusting. And it will ruin all men who look on me with desire, - and that is the truth. - It can't be that bad, Delphine. It's a woodcutter's mark carved just above my womb. It's red and horrible. I'm so sorry. I want to tell you my darkest secret. I had a child before I came here. Stillborn. My father took it and buried it in the ash pile and told me not to speak of it, but everybody knew. So there. All the secrets are out, and we can live our lives free of them. Now we're even. The man who did this to me... Say nothing of him, Delphine. Banish him from your thoughts. Promise me. I have not told you the whole of it. What I did, after. I beat his head in with an axe handle while he slept and watched him bleed out. [chuckles] He didn't deserve to live. Hm? I had to leave my village after that. I came here. And it seems he's still with me. [door opens] Delphine. Come. I need help preparing supper for the Intendant. [door closes] [sighs] Randall, we've had enough games. It's time for you to go back to my sister. I'll show you that I'm dead. So that you may tell her the truth of that. Randall, come out of there. [sighs] Come out of there, Randall. [grunting] Randall! Leave the dirt! It is what will make you heal. Thank you for saving me. It is no matter. Thought I was already dead. But you are alive. The priests. I couldn't save them. Prayers, words. Nothing mattered. Because they came to New France looking for death. The Iroquois obliged, and now their blood is in the dirt. It is a godly and ordained conclusion, I suppose. Tell me... ...when you thought it was the end, what did you see? I saw my brother. He called to me. But you did not go to him. No. But I wanted to. BOUCHARD: Do you know what I saw? I did not ask. The widow Mathilde Geffard. And she was holding a bottle of brandy and a bowl of warm stew. And she had a smile for me. And I could smell the brandy and the meat gravy, rising up through my beard. Vaporous. But then I woke. My mouth was full of blood. But I was alive. And I wish to stay that way. So let's rise, stop all this bathing and jabber of the afterlife, and make speed for Wobik. [grunts, panting] Who is this? It is me. You're the only one the Company will believe. Show everyone I'm dead. HAMISH: You've lost your mind, Randall. What have you done? [gasps, coughing] A settler from the creek. I killed him in front of his son. And then... ...the girl came. She smiled. You must pray for forgiveness. The Company ordered it. HAMISH: The Company had its reasons for clearing the creek. But it was your plan to kill them all. And that is on your eternal soul. You will take this thing back to the Company, back to Alice, and they will give me a funeral. Carry me by torchlight - to St. Paul's... - YVON: Enough. Yvon. - Yvon! - [grunts] [gasping] [moans] You will go back to Alice. And you will be happy. You're right, Hamish. I will... I will go back to Alice. Captain Wale said you were to deliver something. What was it? Pistols. A barrelful. Where? I'll show you. But first... ...I must give this man a proper burial. I tire of building graves in the woods. It is mine to build. Then we have a deal. A grave, you show us the pistols, and then you go back to Alice. [♪♪] - [indistinct chatter] - Cooke. [harrumphs] [indistinct chatter] [indistinct chatter continues] What will you do if Trepagny does not return? Run the estate, though there is not much there but trees. But I see what it might become. Mathilde says he gave up Wobik for that land. He would not had I been with him. There's a river. Docks, at least. He will return. You do want that, don't you? [scoffs] I don't know what I want. You can help him improve the Doma. Perhaps there is not a big enough rudder in the world to steer a man such as that. But I will try. I do believe there is a kindness in him. I saw it on our wedding night and once in the woods, but... but he says that wasps follow him and die from loyalty and that the snakes then eat the dead wasps, and because of him, there is harmony. And he prays to a rotten log and a bowl full of hair. - He sounds mad. - Mm. He's a Cathar. He will corrupt you. [scoffs] No. I will train him, and the Doma and all the land will be mine. More land than my father could ever imagine. Delphine. Mr. Cooke's cup needs refilling. Come. Shoulders back. Smile. Would you like some more? [♪♪] I'm leaving. No. Stay. Finish your food. I've lost my appetite. - [door opens] - [bell jingles] - [door closes] - [bell jingles] Tonight, I could... I could almost hear you as though you were... speaking into my ear. I remain beside you. I remain with you. I... I know you can hear my voice. I know you can see through my eyes. I know... GAY BILL: Ask her where my goddamn pistols are. Bill? [sighs] Well... It seems the barrel king of Wobik's word ain't worth a dog's breath. Now... Elisha, I should like to have those barrels of pistols you promised. They are lost to me. Is that so? It is. How about... I dig up what's left of your wife... toss it in the Saint Lawrence? Randall Cross had them. And where might he have gone off to? With another Hudson Bay man, presumably looking for the pistols. I told them they might find you. That's very kind of you, Cooke. Suppose they don't? Bill, that is... hardly my affair to manage. Yes. Of course. But what you will manage is another barrel of pistols. I have no more. Elisha, the number of Iroquois have swelled. So must the pistols. And, uh, what is your plan? [chuckles softly] The plan is less French, more land and coin. Come, now. Surely I don't have to lay the pieces out for you. And the Iroquois? They are the right tool for the task. And you... You keep to yours. Pistols. You bastard. [whistling a tune] [♪♪] Captain on the gate! Well, come, now. We mustn't leave the gate open long, lest some savage elements slip in behind us. [♪♪] Brandy! [exclaims, clamoring] Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 