Ergo Proxy: Season 1, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ergo Proxy 
 s1e23 - Dairinin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ergo Proxy (2006): Season 1, Episode 23 - Dairinin - full transcript 
 The closed paradise Romdo?s mysterious veil that covers the world is finally stripped off. What will become of Vince, Re-l and Pino. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You're finally here. I was tired of waiting for this moment. Who are you? I told you, didn't l? I am you, and you are me. Let's welcome home the man who relied on his loved one's mercy erased his memory, and ran away. Stop it! What do you mean? Re-l Mayer 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 your services are no longer needed. From here on out, it's between him and me. Idiot. Are you good for nothing? Daedalus! What's he doing? For the sake of the coming age I have quietly arranged for the dome's destruction. He, too, seems to have awakened to the destructive impulse. As we have also. Stop! It's no use. Accept your fate. Even if you two survive, you'll never win. All the same, I'm not running away from the present moment. Even if what lies ahead is a more painful reality I'm doing what I need to do. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Promise me you'll come back, Vincent. Re-l Re-l Real? Now, take a good look. That's how you appear. It is the mask of a man who has avoided his fate. Let's make sure again. Did you really lose your memory? Or did you not have memories to begin with? Perhaps you're a fool who's deluded himself into believing his memory was simply lost. In the end you still don't have a clue, do you? No! My journey. That's what it took. The ruined world is coming back to life. I saw what was happening out there heard it, touched it, tasted it, felt it with my very own soul. If I hadn't I never would have thought of coming back here. Arks and cradles are certainly nurturing environments but they don't provide an education. And facing the world on your own can be an eye opening experience. It seems you've managed to get my message. Tell me! What are we? What are Proxies? A Proxy. The answer lies in the name itself. We are the Creator's agents. The Creator Proxy Vincent That's when it all became clear to me Where are we? The entire malicious trap set for us by the Creator. After his long suffering the moment the agent completed his task and the human race was restored our body readjusted. That is the pulse of the awakening. The start of the Proxy elimination program. So, you created the human race But we cannot defy it. It's an extremely logical system. The irony is that even though the Proxy is god's servant once he has carried out his mission he's superfluous in the promised land, which he's brought about. In fact, he's a monster, nothing more than an evil spirit. But what if the logical plan also caused a spirit to develop within this ark intended to be abandoned? Why did the Creator give us souls? We wouldn't suffer without souls. You know why. Right, there's no need to answer. Because the experiments we carried out taught us something. We realized we were worshiped, betrayed, and driven to despair by these failed creations of ours. And yet we still love them. The Creator wanted to be loved as well. It's as if we sensed it from within our solitude. That is precisely why they must be punished. If you've restored the human race as they wanted then what's left for us to do? Have you realized something Vincent Law, the man without a memory? That proves you are the shadow who was taken prisoner in advance. He controlled you caused the failed creations to have feelings and once again extinguished the human race which had been restored. Then the human race The shadow knows. He knows the fate of those who paid the price of wishing for a god in a godless world that the human race would have to be destroyed. Because they led the world to its collapse and then ran away. Just as you ran away from Romdeau, the world you yourself created Vincent Law is the after image of the Proxy One who'd lost all hope. Or should I say, he is the “double” Ergo Proxy left behind here merely an imposter. An imposter But a very good imposter. Think about it. You also despaired and left this place running away from everything. We're the same, you and me. Shut up. Then fight! Number 5, Number 8 silent. Reserve power has been shut down for the entire dome. There's no stopping its collapse. Daedalus. Yes! Follow your instincts! Set yourself free! I know how bad it feels to be rejected, as if you were nothing. I don't care who I was before I became me. I'm me and no one else. That is the only truth. There's only one truth, that's for sure. Those people who destroyed themselves left a message and we tore it up, threw it away and then ran off, didn't we? That's right. Ergo Proxy is you as well as me. Proxy One. You've been forsaken. It's pointless. You haven't changed. You make me sick. You don't get it? Our roles are finished here. Romdeau's finished. And the failed citizens simply go away. That's not true. There still must be something we can do. No. It's the end. This is the gods' fight. There's nothing pseudo-humans like us can do. As cogs in the wheel, all we can do is shut our mouths. Yes, like Donov did. My grandfather wanted to meet the Creator. Even if that was the reason I was born I don't care. All this time I've wanted to love my grandfather with my whole heart. I wanted to feel loved. Just to be loved. But the Regent refused to do even that. It was the same for him. The only one he could open up to was Vincent Law, no, Ergo Proxy. Just like you. I Daedalus It's too bad. Proxies can't live under blue skies. The Amrita cells won't permit it. What do you mean? They, too, are due to be wiped off the face of the planet. Is that where you were, my darling? Re-l 2 Real. Wonderful. You're complete. I've created a god! Come on, Real. Embrace me. Not that way. Don't go. Why does Real always leave me behind? Don't go. Daedalus! But Vincent Law is not you! They're imitations made by a failure. What's there to think twice about?! What do you know?! I know. I told you, I am It's you! That's why you came back to kill me! -There's no need to save the world. -There's no need to save the world. -Over there. But then what's the difference? Any more slaughter is Stop it! The Proxy'sjob is done! Is that you again, Monad? Monad At last, we meet. I've been looking for you forever. Stay out of this, Monad. True, the agent's job is done. I'll exterminate the pseudo-human race and the immortal victor will meet his doom. Was this part of the plan as well? This was my vengeance. The rest is up to you. It becomes your world. You Are you laying the entire burden on me again? You don't have to save this world. I know. It's more than you can do. So, stop. It's OK. Cut it out, Monad. It's all over. I don't want to see anyone suffer anymore. Monad You're running away again? Don't listen to anyone. You can close the sacred eye. Please don't, Monad That's right. They were all told not to listen to the Proxy. But I want to help Vince. I wonder why I'm different from everybody. There's nothing different about you. Kristeva. When they say cogito has created a fledgling self it means someone is following their own will. It doesn't mean you have to ignore Proxies. You hear it too? You just need to do what your heart tells you. Where's my papa? He told me to give this to you. Let's hurry, Pino. Cogito was built into the Proxy Plan. It was mankind's safety valve. AutoReivs werejust part of the Proxy Plan. Their revolt helped bring about the plars ruin. That's enough, Daedalus. In other words bringing back the human race through the Proxy project wasrt the first option. Everything here right now is an obstacle to the first option. That includes you and me. Despite all our pain and love even our souls are Daedalus Go, Re-l. There's still a truth you have to face, isn't there? That gave me trouble but you're my favorite, Re-l. Daedalus. You don't have much time. Go straight through here follow the maintenance rail and you'll come to the plug vent. Hurry. I'm sorry, Daedalus. I'm sick and tired of hearing you say that, Re-l. I'd better go, Daedalus. Yes. Run, Re-l! That's it. What is this brilliant light? It's the sacred light. A sign of the resurrection. The sun. Indeed. It always shines so beautifully here. The true blue sky goes on forever. That's why you don't have to worry about anything anymore. Yes. Wait What is it? Why do you look so sad? Forget about everything. I'm sorry. Why? I can't let myself forget any more. I'm not talking about a mission or fate. I mean living with and facing one another, colliding with each other supporting each other, holding each other What's there to like about that sort of reality? A place where it's dark and cold and there's no knowing what lies ahead. But that's our reality. It may be all those things you said, but there's someone waiting for me there. You mean her, right? I'm giving this back to you, Monad. Vincent. Goodbye, Real. Goodbye, my darling. No, you mustn't fly so high. Oh, I didn't realize the world could be so beautiful. But which sky should I search for? I hear it. The plan the cradle You're the ones who were calling me, weren't you? Vincent the future you chose really is Let's welcome the Creator. Nodon't. That sky You'll You came back? Yes. Vincent Law you truly are the shadow. I was immortal but you killed me. You broke the pulse's spell. She plagued you and loved you. She liberated the ones who were flawed as well. Well said. A woman who sees the future, is that it? She certainly is your reality, Vincent Law. The sun returns, our world is over. But Live, Vincent. Your existence will be a punishment for the Creator. Damn it. I've come this far Shit. I guess this is it. Re-l Re-l! Re-l Re-l! Re-l Re-l! Pino! I believe. You're Raul's I'm protecting Pino. That's his order and my final duty as his Entourage. She found this for me as well. What about Vincent? Don't worry. I can hear his voice. I can see you, Vince! Distance 1,107 units! He sure is a pain in the ass. Guess we don't have much choice, shall we go pick him up? Yep! This is the world that faces us, a world called “reality.” But together with Re-l and the other survivors I face the world. A land on the road to recovery. For the first time in thousands of years, the real mankind returns and now the fight begins. I am Ergo Proxy. The Agent of Death. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 