Frauen, die Geschichte machten: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frauen, die Geschichte machten 
 s1e2 - Luise von Preußen - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frauen, die Geschichte machten (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Luise von Preußen - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 For my people, I was the Queen of Hearts. For my enemies, a warmonger. I actually wanted to keep myself out of the great politics. As the king's wife, I only wished to be  good mother to my country and my children. But then the war came and destroyed all of my dreams. Out of everyone,  I had to face the most powerful man in the world. 00:00:42,500 --> 00:00:45,700 Women that made history 00:00:45,701 --> 00:00:49,000 Queen Luise It was very hot that summer. July 1807 I loved the East Prussian landscapes. But the way to Tilsit [Sovetsk] was far. I was expected there. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Back then, everything was on the line for us. Our kingdom, our honor, our future. I had to muster up all of my courage for a meeting that was supposed to decide over Prussia's fate. 00:01:17,001 --> 00:01:21,500 Tilsit in East Prussia 1807 My husband and his secretaries did not know what else to do  then to send me to the man I despised the most. Napoleon Bonaparte. He had defeated our Prussia. If the Prussians truly believe that their queen could change my mind, they are wrong. They went to war against me, they lost. Now they will pay for it. There are many who rave about Luise. Yeah, yeah. We will see if she is truly as enchanting as everyone says. For me, it was a drive to hell. So far, you did not really flatter her, sir. Madame may have a beautiful face but not too much wit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She truly set the Prussian king against me. And this pushover let himself be persuaded. Now he will see where that leads you if you flagrantly allow that women mengle in politics. For more than a few, she appears even more appealing because of that. This little warmonger will surely not turn my head. Prussia deserves a tough peace and it will get it. A little bit conversation on top will not hurt. I will not put my dear conquests on the line for some beautiful eyes, my dear Murat. God help me. Stay calm, Majesty. Napoleon has a weakness for pretty woman. But not with me. You know what I spread about me. All hopes are now resting on you. Only you alone can still save Prussia. For this moment, forget all the insults of Napoleon against you and your husband. In no case whatsoever talk about politics. Be a wife and mother completely. Czar Alexander was our ally. His talk was cheap since this was not about Russia. And my husband, The King of Prussia, was helpless. Then I will go through with this ordeal now. [Literally: drink this bitter glass] Believe me, Napoleon will admire you and give in in the end. I was never sure if I was made to become queen. My sister Friederike [Frederica] and I, we were two Mecklenburgish princesses. I could have stayed it all my life long. Our mother had died young. And so we grew up with our grandma in Darmstadt. We called her Mabuscha. She took liberties with the court rules. And if I am honest, we liked to mess around much more than to learn. When we were older, father introduced us to the higher society. Again and again, we went to balls in the Imperial City of Frankfurt. There was nothing more exciting for us. Your daughters are truly charming, Duke. Truly charming, the purest angels. Yes, a treasure one must protect. Please excuse me now. The Prussian delegation has arrived. We were not rich but our father had good connections. Now, Friederike and I were supposed to meet the Prussian princes. Prince Ludwig [Louis] and his older brother Crown Prince Friedrich Wilhelm [Frederick William]. May I have this dance? Yes, I love to dance. You too? Yes. I was only 17, Friedrich Wilhelm 22. And I had already heard that he was a bit shy and a bit stiff. But somehow I liked him. And a bit later he proposed to me. My sister found her groom as well. Prince Ludwig. Off we went to the double wedding in the Prussian capital Berlin. Already on the way there, we wondered how we would received. Thank you. So many people, Friederike. And they are all just coming because of us. I did not know that the Prussians could be so happy. Composure, ladies. And that was my future Mistress of the Robes, Countess Voss. She had already been serving a long time at Prussian court and was supposed to take care of me. All these people were waiting for us as if they had never seen a princess before. Later I realized that the Prussian rulers rather liked to hide their woman instead of showing them publicly. That was about to change. In the name of the Berlin citizens, we allow ourselves most humbly to present Your Royal Highness with these verses. I thank you. But... What? The etiquette! What about the etiquette? Please keep your distance! But why? On Christmas Day 1793, Friedrich Wilhelm and I married at the Berlin castle. Two days later, Friederike and Prince Ludwig. It were weeks like in a frenzy. One ball after another. And everywhere we were gazed upon. Here, listen, what someone is reporting: "The bride looked enchanting and appeared full of grace and benevolence." Why appeared? "By bowing to all sides, her clear, sensible eye overflew the crowd with a sweet smile." Sweet. Is there also something written about my dress? - Give me a moment. "She looked upon her fiancé with an expression of confident love." Put that away, that sounds weird. And here it is written that he wanted to go to the altar so quickly that you could not keep up. Friederike! And what the court chaplain said: "The court and the fatherland expects you to be a radiant role model." Well, well. And by that he meant you? Being a role model for the court, for the fatherland. If I anticipated back then what that means. That was very embarrassing. You must tell her that. Please be soft [on her]. Soft? She will one day be Queen of Prussia. Your Majesty Mother expects of you that you forbid her that. She just danced waltz. Everyone saw her nacked ankles! Something like this is bad manner at court. Your mother turned away cringing! Enter. Good morning, ladies. Countess Voss. Oh, the fashion magazines. Come, sit with us, Countess. You too, Friedrich. You must choose something. Something that you like. My Friedrich Wilhelm. After the wedding night, I offered him the you [first name basis]. He agreed but else he stayed withdrawn. I know my way better around uniforms. Look, that is the Greek style. It would suit the two of us very well. It is now worn in Paris. One should not wear too light fashions these days. Especially not if it comes from this immoral country. France, Countess? But those are just dresses. I loved my spouse although he was so different. And he loved me. But soon everyday live took over at court. Sometimes it was yawningly boring and deadly silent. I was popular with the people. But in the rooms of our palace I often felt lonely. I counted the days until the next ball, until the next feast. I did not want to end like other wives of Prussian Kings. Friedrich [Frederick] the Great rather took care of his circle of gentlemen than his spouse. But I wanted to live and be happy With my husband and the people here. I was very happy about any variety. Here we are already. Already? We have to go to the audience in a moment. I am sorry. I dressed myself in exactly the thing you told me, dear Schadow. It unfortunately took a bit. You look enchanting, Princess. They admire you. Many women already wear a ribbon around the chin like you do. You are setting the fashion. You should continue your work now. The sculptor, who had made the quadriga on the Brandenburg Gate as well, wanted to immortalize me and my sister. As princesses. You do not need to torture yourself and chaperone us. In 1797, Schadhow completed our statue of marble. Soon after Friedrich Wilhelm became Prussian king and I queen. For me it made no difference but for him. Me disastrous! At best, a Prussian Venus is allowed to look like that. But you will now become queen. But everyone who saw it so far was enchanted, they loved it. I know that it is well-made. But it bothers me to present my wife this way in public. Please let me suggest a fitting place to you. Yes, think about it, Schadow.  But for so long the sculpture stays wrapped. Until it is decided. Sometimes he was a real grinch. What was he afraid of? Luise? Thank you, beautiful. Most of the time we spent our summers at our little country estate Paretz. At this place everything was different: No etiquette, no politics, no duties. Friedrich Wilhelm was like transformed as well. He affectionately took care of our children. We had three boys and two girls after ten years of marriage. They were the world to us. At the harvest festival in Paretz, we lived at whim. And everyone was welcome: Nobles, citizens, craftspeople and farmers. In our little realm, we were like children. We had no idea what was coming for us. Napoleon was on the march. He wanted to rule over all of Europe. Prussia wanted to stay neutral. But could it still be it? Sometimes I worried about the future. I would love to stay a little longer. For my sake gladly but I must go to Berlin. But then you must explain that to our children, Majesty. You wanted to always tell me what is on your mind. [Literally: on your heart.] You promised that. There are things you do not have to worry about. Is it because of Napoleon? He is preparing is coronation as an emperor. How insolent. This upstart. It suits him. But fortunately Prussia is not France. Everyone worships him. Whereever he presents himself the people are cheering for him. Some are sympathizing with him here as well. Everything is changing. The people here love us. No one intends to start a revolution. Berlin is not Paris. And about Napoleon: Listen to the right advisors and then decide. You are The King. Everyone advises me something different. He just simply wanted peace. Peace for Prussia, for us. And for himself. But could there be peace where a Napoleon could take what he wanted? Where he first defeated the powers or founded new states to then force them into an alliance? He wanted to win Prussia over too. If we wanted to preserve our independence, we needed support. Help of allies that meant well for us. For me there was only one who could stand by us when it would get serious. At first, Friedrich Wilhelm did not want him to come, but I wanted it. He was such a magnificent human. Finally we would see each other again. Alexander Pavlovich Romanov. The Russian Czar. How long ago is it that we have seen each other the last time? The memory of our first meeting preyed on my mind. I read every single of your letters multiple times. I thought of you a lot too, Luise. Compliment, Majesty. Thank you very much. Whatever you do, it appears graceful and determined. Did you feel how the people in Prussia worship you? So many have come just to see you. Not just because of me. But first, I will beat you now. With the greatest pleasure. How good that you are here, my friend. Help me, otherwise The Queen puts me in difficulties. I do not want to disappoint you. Majesty, let me come to the essentials straightforward. We are friends and should, if things get serious, stand by one another on the battlefield, too. I can only advise you: Form an alliance with Russia against France. Your offer honors me. But Prussia's neutrality has proven itself in everything. Sooner or later, he will go to war with you. Align yourself with us together with Austria. Together we will beat this parvenu. It was so hard for me not to intervene. Did Friedrich Wilhelm not understand how opportune the moment was? After all, my husband consented to issues an ultimatum to Napoleon and to arbitrate between the opponents. Should this plan fail, Prussia would stand by Russia's side. But once again Napoleon was faster. Even before we could do anything a horrible battle happened in December 1805 near Austerlitz. Russia and Austria were defeated. It was like a curse. Friedrich Wilhelm was forced to arrange himself with France. But the indignities found no end. And many Prussians had long been fed up about it. They occupy our cities. They break every treaty. And they march through our territory as they like. Friedrich, you must oppose Napoleon. I will negotiate with him. The more you give in, the more he will mock us. He takes what he wants. He...He just does what he wants. He defeated Russia and Austria. You know what that means. We do not have the means to bring matters to a head without anything worse happening. Worse? That is already ahead of us! Luise! My hands are tied. Friedrich, you are lacking self-confidence. Force against force. That is the only thing that helps. It did not take much longer until Friedrich Wilhelm too saw no way out anymore and ordered mobilization. Military officers of high rank and secretaries urged him to act. I was honorary assigned a Dragoon regiment. I was proud of my uniform. Did you see how loyal our soldiers are standing by me and The King? How inspired they are by the thought to go to war for their fatherland. And how magnificent they look in their uniforms. They do. What is it, Countess? Are you not the least happy? I am. But are you sure that you really want to accompany our army? But of course not to the front lines. I hope that our army is truly strong enough to defeat Napoleon. Do you think I do not worry? Too small. It was Napoleon who forced the war upon us. We have no choice. Sometimes one has to go to war if they want peace. Everything will be alright. It truly looks as if the Prussians will fight against us. Just the thought of it alone is ludicrous. Sir, they say The Queen of Prussia is completely infatuated by her own regiment. Madame should rather take care of her offspring. I only got to know days later, what happened on the battlefields of Jena and Auerstedt afterwards. Nearly 35,000 on both sides died or were wounded. Murat, our next target is called Berlin. Our once so victorious army was destroyed in October 1806. Under no circumstance was I allowed to fall into the hands of the French. I had to leave. Out of Berlin. But how much time had I still left? Please take that with us too. You must depart, Your Majesty. My children. Where are my children? They are already being taken to safety. Hufeland, you must accompany me. I cannot do this alone. Of course, of course. Please hurry. I fled from Berlin in the nick of time. And Napoleon? He roamed through our castles and relished his triumph. Frederick the Great did not listen to women. If he was still alive, we would not be here now. Essentially, Friedrich Wilhelm is an honest, decent guy too. I could have arranged myself with him. But he ordered the mobilization. Yeah I am sure she instigated him to do it. After all, she set the Czar against me too. But instead of accusing her, one should rather feel pity for her. Madame now surely feels remorse. French silk. Fragranced with musk. Well, well, well look at with  whom The Queen correspondences. My dear Murat. The Queen deserves to be humiliated. Pass the following along to the papers. How can someone just be so wicked? I was on the run for weeks. Regardless of that, I heard the lies this monster spread about me. Everyone is convinced that all sufferings the Prussian people have to bare are The Queen's fault. And everywhere you hear them say: She was so good, so gentle a year ago. But how much she has changed since the meeting with Emperor Alexander. The notes, reports andstate papers were found among ribbons and laces and other toiletries of The Queen. Full stop. He stole everything from us: The land, the people and from me my honor. I just wanted to get away, far away. Via Szczecin, Kostrzyn nad Odrą, Königsberg [Kaliningrad] and the Curonian Spit, I finally reached Memel [Klaipėda] at Prussia's most northern end. There, I finally met my family again, drew strength again. Even though the war continued. But not the Czar stood by our side. I know what you have suffered. But I am sure, we are capable to win. And even if it only serves to comfort you, Luise. Napoleon offers us a truce. But under what conditions? Demands we can barely fulfill. But the war would be over. Should we give up now? Have confidence. Together we can defeat Napoleon. Are we strong enough? Yes. And what I say counts: None of us both will fall alone. Either the two of us together or neither. Good. I bank on our alliance. And then it came, this unfortunate battle at Friedland. On our side, were more than 20,000 men lost. On the French side, half of that again. Why did Napoleon have to win again? The Queen! Over there! Oh God! I never wanted that. Unfortunately I proved to be right. We had no choice. Maybe not. But that is the price. Who will end this horror? No one. What about Alexander? Where is Alexander? Napoleon negotiates with him. Alone. - No. He promised: Together or not at all. He said now is not the time to set conditions. 00:31:53,100 --> 00:31:56,900 Tilsit [Sovetsk] on the Memel [Neman] June 1807 What happened now was like a bad dream. Friedrich Wilhelm had to watch helplessly how our fate was decided. A humiliating sight. Napoleon paid court to Alexander and charmed him. Enough of war. Let us be allies in peace. One must let the world rest. I am your servant and you are mine. And, uhm, what happens to Prussia? Prussia will pay for its pride/arrogance. It always took plenty of loot  when it won or had the power to do so. And now it gets what it deserves. But it will persist. Way more important right now is our pact. And then the news reached me that nearly cost me my mind. My husband and his advisors asked me to come to Tilsit [Sovetsk]. Out of all people, I should speak to Bonaparte to change his mind. After everything he had done to me. Should I ask him for mercy? Or stand up to him? I was on my own. Surrounded by men who gave me good advices and now waited that I would still turn the tables. It was the hardest test of my life. That you make the effort to come here honors me. This place is surely not befitting your rank. But the state of affairs... For a beautiful woman, a man of honor gladly accepts certain...discomforts. On the contrary, it is regrettable that we have not met earlier already. I feel so too. I got the feeling you do not really know me. What is the reason for this thought? They say, you accuse me of mingling too much in politics. Oh rumors, I have never really paid attention too. I want to speak plainly with you. We led an unfortunate war. You are the winner. But do you want to abuse your win? By the way, you are wearing a very pretty dress there, if I may remark so. Where did you get it from? Breslau [Wrocław]? Is the crepe made in, uhm, your factories? Do we want to talk about fashion now? What do we want to talk about? About the conditions for peace. You are not appealing to my compassion, do you? I appeal to your soul, to your humanity. Here stands a mother and wife. I ask you from all of my heart do not take everything from my husband. Give my children a future. Why did you force me to drive things to the extreme? How often did I offer you peace? But you denied every amicable treaty. Because of your conditions. But I do not want to speak about high politics now. I only think about my children. Are they supposed to become unhappy? You too have a family that is close to your heart. Madame, you do not want to accuse me of wanting to destroy Prussia? No, but you will destroy its future if you continue to insists on your demands. We must make sacrifices. But please leave us at least our old provinces. Madame... It only costs you a word. It is far from me to want to hurt you. I will see how much... Look, mister spouse. Well then I can no longer keep you back. Why could Friedrich Wilhelm not wait? Majesty. The Prussian arrived at exactly the right time. A moment later and I would have promised everything to The Queen. The conditions for peace exceeded our worst expectations. Napoleon cut our country in half and demanded reparations which ruined us. In Berlin, the French stayed as occupiers. And we had to go back to our exile in East Prussia. What did we have left? Maybe all of the bad has a reason. We must find the way into the new times. We have to make the best out of what we have left. What is left without land, without power? How am I supposed to rule? Preferably, I would abdicate. No. We need patience now...and help. The times have overrun Prussia. France is only so strong because it has free citizens and soliders that believe in their state. We have outstanding men in Prussia. You must just let them do. Am I supposed to let them stich their oars in? Those who have no respect for their monarch? Some might not have manners but they got wits and heart. Act now. Please. Maybe one should give some of them the opportunity to prove themselves. It cannot get worse. Yes. I could only encourage him but he had to decide. And truly, Friedrich Wilhelm finally began to come to trust men like The Baron vom Stein and other reformers that wanted Prussia's new start. The farmers in the countryside became freer. The children in the villages should have it better one day than their parents and go to school. Craftspeople and merchants could now conduct their trade more independently. Subjects were supposed to become citizens that believe in their country. In the future, cities were supposed to administer themselves. And the Prussian army was supposed to become a army/host of natives. And finally Napoleon allowed us to return to Berlin. I regained hope for my country and for my family. We celebrated my 34th birthday in the hall we married in. In those days I realised that sadness does not help. Because who lets themselves be lead by it, summons demise. I lived of that hope and I forgave all - I mean all - of my enemies. She had beautiful eyes and she was smart. Soul and mind were in harmony. I first thought she mingled too much in politics. In fact, she did too little. Our conversation was unique. Despite all of my efforts, she called the shots. Instead of taking a crown from her, one was tempted to lay one at her feet. In 1810, Luise died off pneumonia at the age of 34. She goes down in history as Prussia's martyr in the fight against Napoleon and as a symbol of the German National Movement. During the Wilhelmine era, Luise is idealized as mother of the German Reich.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 