Frauen, die Geschichte machten: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frauen, die Geschichte machten 
 s1e5 - Elisabeth von England - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frauen, die Geschichte machten (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Elisabeth von England - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Since I was born, I fought. Against two queens who sought my life. Against countless men who pretended to love me. But they all just wanted my throne. The Pope and half of Europe conspired against me. But my toughest opponent had always been my own heart. [Women Who Made History - Elizabeth I.] I was The Queen of England, was the head of the English church and ruled a proud people. I led my country through the storms of a religious war. But now I faced the biggest challenge of my life. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Spain had declared war on me. The leading world power sent their gigantic war fleet against our small island. The Spanish king hated me and called me a heretic because I was not a Catholic. [South England, 1588] 130 Spanish ships, heavily armed galleys, were heading towards England's coast. Manned with 30,000 soldiers. The Spanish Armada. I was afraid. In this moment I thought, "England is lost." This battle! My people! I am just a woman! I only got the body of a woman. Weak but proud. Men for England. Can you not tighten it in another way? I am suffocating. Careful, your wig. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mylady, your troops are ready. How I despise those wars. Can you tell me what is going on outside? We cannot see anything. Mist is approaching again. The soldiers are becoming anxious. I advise you, go to your men. They want to see their queen. Should our fleet sink out there, only my soldiers could still save our country. I did not know what was happening at sea. But I knew that my men had faith in England. And most of all, they had faith in me. Attention, eyes to the right! Because I had a weapon which gave them courage: The word. I have come to you. Determined to die or to live among you in the heat of battle. To lay myself in the dust. For my God, for my kingdom. For my people. For my honor and my blood. I only have the body of a weak woman but I have the heart and the courage of a king! A King of England! And full of hate, I think of how Spain dares to invade the borders of my country! I might have "only" been a woman but I was the most powerful in the world. So far I had managed every challenge. No one had expected that. Not even I. My birth was an exorbitant disappointment. Only a girl. Again no heir to the throne for my father. Women were only pawns in the power play of men. My father, King Henry VIII, went through several wives. He needed a male heir. Divorce, execution, he even accepted the segregation from the Roman church for it. In the end my father had only three children after all: My half-brother Edward who died young. My older half-sister Mary, and me. As a child, I was shunt off to the countryside. Here I was supposed to learn all the things that were appropriate for a princess. But that was not enough for me. I wanted the best teachers. Sun, Earth, Moon. Which celestial body orbits which? The first and the upper of all spheres is the one of the fixed stars. And the first planet that follows it is Saturn. Which, on the other hand, needs exactly how long on its orbit? It finishes its orbit in about thirty years, And after that? Then follows Jupiter and then Mars. And Earth. Followed by Venus and Mercury. And in the middle, the sun has her place. I was able to converse in six different languages. I studied ancient classics, mastered rhetoric/elocution and I loved mathematics. At the age of 15, I was better educated than most man of my rank/status. I wanted to be forearmed for the fight over England's crown. When I was 20, my half-sister Mary ascended to the throne. For me, a nightmare began. Torture, hang and burn! Majesty, that would be hundreds. Even better. This Protestant plague must be eradicated now. Mary Tudor. She was so very different than I. We did have the same father but different mothers. Hers was a Spaniard, mine an English woman. She was a Catholic, I was raised in the Protestant faith. Mylady, please consider it is after all your people who you are fighting here. In common parlance, they already call you... I know, I know. The bloody Mary. It is high time. We should lead the lost sheep back to our herd, Mylady. Sheep? Yes, exactly, that is what they truly are, these Englishman. Stubborn and stupid. Just look at my sister. Princess Elizabeth. Get rid of her because she is the worst of them all! How am I supposed to understand that, Majesty? What is there not to understand? With all due respect, the people love your little sister. The daughter of this whore Anne Boleyn? She is in bed with all these Protestant conspirators! [Literally: tucked under the same blanket] Lock her in the Tower. She really locked me away. Everyday I had to expect death. So many had been executed in this place before. Also my mother. Anne Boleyn. I tried to befriend loneliness. I begged to be heard by Mary. In vain for months. Then finally, she received me. Mary wanted England to become catholic again. And I was in her way. Because I was next in line to the throne. And God knows, no friend of her church. What do you want? To be heard by you. And? Why do you treat me like an enemy? Are you not one? Mylady, I am your sister. You betrayed the true faith. And you want on my throne, you bastard! You conspired with these heretics who seek my life! I will lead this isle back to the right faith. And you will not stop me. The Pope and Spain support me, little sister. I assure you, I was never part of any conspiracy against you. I am loyal and obedient to you and will always be so. Have you suddenly turned catholic? In the Tower? Give me some time to better understand your faith. I must learn a lot, and I will do so. I beg you, let me go. I will do whatever you demand of me. By all the saints, I swear it to you. I had learned to be a good actress. Lying was not hard for me. Basically, I did not care about her faith. I wanted to live. She believed me and released me. I moved to the countryside, far away from London, far away from Mary. Only from a distance, I got to know she was expecting a child from her husband, the Spanish king. But instead of an heir to the throne, she got a lot of ulcers. And then the news arrived that changed everything. Mary was dead. And suddenly I was The Queen of England. I accepted a difficult inheritance but I could barely wait for it. England's fate was finally in my hands now. But unfortunately I had to deal with a lot of old men that always knew everything better. My lords, a new wind will blow through London. Mylady, I am reluctant to say so but you inherit a poor country on the edge of Europe. The treasuries are empty, the people split in the matter of faith. Then let us get to work. I did not make you my councilors for your pleasure. What do you suggest, Cecil? Madam, since you ask me so directly. Stop the heretics' law suits. Release the prisoners. The people will thank you for it. Very good. Make the neccessary preparations. And plan a trip through England for me. But Majesty. These strains, all the dirt. You are The Queen. That is why I ask you to not expose you and your health to these great troubles. My people shall see me. And I want to see my people. In fact, every year. That is way too dangerous. There are still Catholics out there that seek your life. But for that I have all these strong men here. Majesty, with all due respect, but you do not know these lunatics. Believe me against them you would need an entire army. It is not you who should start out but the soldiers of our army, if you allow it. That is what England needs: A blow against the Catholics. If I want to live, I must let live. And to rule I need the people, my people. No matter what it believes in, no matter its status/rank. It is about England, not religion. I do not need windows to the people's souls. I want tolerance. We go from Greenwich to Dartford. There I want to be received by Lord Cobham. Then we continue to Eltham Palace, to Nonsuch palace up to Glastenbury. There I want to be received by the mayor. Then continue to West Horseley to Lord Fiennes. And on the way there I want to stop twice or thrice. In small villages. Only on those trips I really got to know and understand my country. England was awfully poor. My subjects were starving. I wanted to change that. Sheep breeding brought wealth. English cloth was highly coveted on Europe's markets. I supported tradesmen, merchants, entrepreneurs. All those that had ideas and made England richer, stronger and more powerful with them. And I supported the universities. Because we needed smart heads to make all of that possible. I ruled with passion. It was exhausting, sapped my strength. But that is exactly how I wanted it. Everything could have been so wonderful. If there had not been this one sore spot. Conde de Feria, buenvenido a mi nueva casa. Have you come to praise us? Or to declare war on us? Majesty, I have the great honor to tell you that Felipe por la gracia de Dios Rey de Espana, las dos Sicilias, de Jerusalem, Hungría, de Dalmacia, de Croacia, tierra firme del mar Océano... - These Spanish braggarts. Archiduque de Austria. Duque de Borgoña de Brauante y Milán. What else was he? Oh, Conde de Barcelona, Flandes y de Tirol. I know, I know. The King asks for your hand. Oh, really? What an honor. But first let us discuss the advantages of virginity. I am thinking of our Virgin Mother here. And let us think together about the advantages of being unmarried. Because it gives room and time to rule. And that is my task on this throne. Predominantly I am The Queen, not a marriage candidate. Majesty, I share your opinion. But if you bear no children, who will inherit the throne? But I am still alive as you can see. And until then I would be very delighted if the flower of friendship would continue to bloom his magnificently between our two countries as before. You stretch my time. Que me perdone. I cannot hear it anymore! Is there nothing more important? What is it that worries you lords so much? Constantly you are after me like whining dogs! What do I care about The King of Spain? This loyal to the Pope, sleepy suitor from Madrid? Majesty, The King is waiting for an answer. His court appears sincere to us. And a...a marriage with him would be especially useful politically. Am I on the cattle market? You parade me like a cow! Who may get it, this magnificent animal? Majesty, it is just about England's welfare, about an heir to the throne. Either I go to bed with Spain or with France. Main thing is you get your heir to the throne soon. Male and legitimate. Shut your mouth! England needs no Spaniards! And also no insolent state secretary who wants to dictate his queen who she has to marry! Majesty, I beg you. I prohibit the public debate about the succession. And do not dare to say again in front of everybody that I am just a woman. Tell the Spanish king, I will think about it. I let the Spaniard string along for a bit longer before I declined him. I rather wanted to rule than to marry, and to have fun. Well we have the blue ones from Robert, Count Leicester. Or the pearls from Francis Drake. Fantastic, these wicked pearls. Aren't they pirate pearls, madam? Now, now, without our little adventurers all of these beautiful treasures would still lie around in Spain. That would be too bad. - Will he come today too? Francis? He is roving around the coasts of the New World, I hope. Francis Drake. It was an open secret that I was profiting of his buccaneering. The Spaniards were foaming with anger since after all it were their ships he looted. I am really very excited how long this will still go well. Who actually says that the New World only belongs to the Spaniards? The Pope, but who even listens to The Pope? A pirate surely does not. Main thing is he delivers me my part nicely. We do not want to dance in the same dress twice. I do not drink, I rarely eat. I have no lovers. This is my only vice. And what about Robert Dudley? Robert. If there was a man in my life, it was him. Let us dance. Music! He was my great love. Smart, charming, funny. But unfortunately way below my rank. And also married. Our relationship did not only cause rumors at my court. All of Europe gossiped viciously. [Literally: ripped their jaws apart.] Why does The Queen have no king by her side? I had enough suitors. Philip of Spain, unfortunately too catholic. My handsome Swede Eric could not wait. Czar Ivan, a bit too terrible. Et voilà, Francis, my little French frog. Only you, Robin, my redbreast, truly touched my heart. Robin, do not be an idiot. Never. Why not? You refuse everyone. Spaniards, Frenchmen, Catholics, Protestants, the rich, the powerful. Everyone. Should I let my own enemies into my bed? A husband who tells me how I should rule? Sons who want my crown? Provided I did not die in childbed already. If you do not want any of them, then finally take me. Elizabeth, decide on us. No, I will stay a virgin, married to England. Do you want to dry up like a branch in my arms? I will not risk my crown. Neither for love nor for a quick adventure. If I do not marry, I will stay free. Madam, apologies. I have bad news. Do not make such a face, Cecil. Spit it out. Mary of Scotland has born a son. I do not need to mention what this means. It is high time for you to find yourself a husband. Either you have a child or we will soon have a Catholic or a foreigner on the throne. Mary Stuart, my catholic cousin, Queen of Scots. For the Catholics, she was the rightful successor to my father. And now she even had something what I did not. A male heir for her country. For Scotland. I wanted to bind this country to England. But now the wind turned. Mary and her allies would not rest before not her or her son would wear the English crown. But then Mary's affairs destroyed her political plans. She had her husband eliminated by one of her lovers. Murder out of love. How foolish of her. The Scottish nobility wanted to get rid of her, forced her to abdicate. And what did she do? She fled her own kingdom. And suddenly appeared in England. And out of everyone, she asked me for help. What was I just supposed to do with her? Why so hesitant, madam? Throw Mary in the Tower. She could quickly sit on your throne if we are not careful now. England's Catholics already see their chance. [Literally: smelled morning air] Not in the Tower. It will not take much longer and we will have a catholic conspiracy here in our country. We could give her a castle. With all the frills and not let her out of there anymore. - You even want to spent money on this, this catholic... - If we throw her into the Tower, we will infuriate half of Europe. We must avoid that. I do not want war. England is not prepared for it. - Madam, I ask you, take more drastic measures! Actually she was my enemy but also of royal blood like I. Should I lock her away? Just like Mary had done to me? Put her under house arrest but befitting her rank. Give her dresses, ladies-in-waiting, everything she needs. If you are treated well, you make no demands. And everyone will calm down. Because if you cannot move anymore, you cannot be dangerous to anyone. Check. But I had been wrong. It did not take long for an answer from Rome to arrive. A catholic queen in protestant shackles. Even if they were golden that was too much for The Pope. Elizabeth is excommunicated. I, Pope Pius V, declare her right to the throne as illegitimate. You see? Mylady, do you not recognize the dangers hiding in it? Elizabeth is now outlawed. Every Catholic is called upon to kill her. Everyone can seek her life. Elizabeth cannot accept that. She will close in for a counterattack. I urgently warn you. Keep yourself out of it, otherwise you put yourself in danger. Excommunicated! This a a procacity! We must react to this. If I want to live, I must let live. I had sworn that to myself when I ascended the throne. I wanted to be tolerant. I was, until this day. What is Walsingham doing actually? I needed a watchdog. I actually did not like him. But he was exactly the right person now. Francis Walsingham. He had thousands imprisoned and killed. In my name. Every conspiracy against me, he uncovered. How did he know all of this? I never asked him about it. Was I still a good queen? Now there was blood on my hands. From my own people. I had to do what I had not wanted to because I could not act in any other way. And I had to carry this burden all alone. I only wait for the day when my favorite spy knocks on my door. Do you actually know how many conspiracy have there been against me just this year? I guess a lot. I always thought you did not want windows into people's souls? I always thought you wanted... How can you dare to expostulate me? You know nothing. Torture is not nice, no. But not doing it would be a great mistake, a sign of weakness. I cannot let high treason go unpunished! No, you cannot. Robert. What is it that you actually want to tell me? Maybe you go a step too far with your henchman. Not your people are your enemy but Spain and Rome which conspired with Mary. And it is also her who stirs up the Catholics in your country against you. There is no proof for that. I had spared Mary the Tower. Gave her a castle and attendants. And then that. Robert was right. All this time, she was in contact with The Pope and the Spanish king. They were all in one bed, planning to overthrow me. Or to even kill me. I did not want to believe it but Walsingham delivered proof. The encoded letters left no room for doubt anymore. Mary Stuart was put on trial. And she was sentenced to death. Only my signature was still missing to send her to the block. Planned murder is high treason. The Queen must sign the sentence. Can you not convince her to do it? You torture her. My God. Mary must go. I do not understand this constant hesitation. The people are growing impatient as well. It is hard to understand why the other high traitors will be executed but she will not. One does not decapitate a queen with a stroke of a pen. With a stroke of a pen? There was a proper trial! And the sentence was unanimous! I would have expected more diplomatic skill from you. What do you believe will happen when we behead this catholic queen? Then France and Spain will declare war on us. Elizabeth is smart enough to know that England would not be up to such a war.  And Mary is a God-ordained, anointed queen. Beheading her means all monarchs can be beheaded, including Elizabeth. Yes, they could. That is why we need to be faster. What was just? What unjust? That was not what it was about. Either she or I. Please forgive me. I forgive you with all my heart. Because I hope that you will end all of my suffering. In your hands, Lord, I order my spirit. In your hands, Lord, I order my spirit. In your hands, Lord, I order my spirit. Who? Who dared it? Who betrayed me? Who of these damn councilors ordered the execution? I want his head! You yourself signed it, Majesty! But never forwarded it! Never! It is on your conscience! Yours! I had betrayed what was important to me. My royal standing, my beliefs. What would they write about me later? How would they remember me? Elizabeth the Great or Elizabeth the Cruel? Was I just a murderer in the end? No. I am The Queen of England. And everything I do is for the welfare of this country and its subjects. England is my fate. And now my fate is also England's. England needed me now because Spain had declared war on us. What should we do? They outnumber us, they are heavily armed and they are battle seasoned! We are not! We are not up to the Spanish Armada! Spain rules the seas! Facing them in a battle on the open water is madness! So what should we do, my lords? Mylady, but they are coming into our waters. They do not know their way around, neither with the wind nor with the current, let alone the tides. We will let them sail into the Channel and then our plan will take hold. Our plan? We load some of our own sailboats with pitch, put them on fire and send them towards the Spanish ships. Into the middle of their formation. Provided the wind blows in the right direction for us. Panic will prevail, they will cut the anchor rodes. And the proud Armada will scatter to the four winds. As I said, provided the wind blows in the right direction for us. And then we will attack them, one ship after the other. That is our chance. It is the only one we have got. God help us. How fast the world is turning. The Spanish king, who once proposed to me, now sent his fleet to destroy me. Vengeance for Mary Stuart was just a pretense. It was about the reign over the seas. For days, the naval battle raged off our coast. For days, torturous uncertainty. Then suddenly the thunder of cannons at sea died down. Spanish ships? I do not know. Should we get the cannons ready, Your Excellency? No. That is our fleet. Those are our ships! We won! England was saved, the world power Spain forced to its knees. Now a new age could begin. Mine. For 45 years, I wore England's crown. I never married and stayed childless. I was never alone but often lonely. That was the price I paid. Was this price too high? I do not think so. Elizabeth died in 1603, at the age of 69. She assigned the son of her rival Mary Stuart as her successor. A whole age was named after her: The Elizabethan Era. With her victory over Spain, England's rise to the British Empire began. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 