Mushi-Shi: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mushi-Shi 
 s1e4 - Pillow Lane - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mushi-Shi (2005–2006): Season 1, Episode 4 - Pillow Lane - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mushi-shi? My name is Ginko. I hear you have premonition dreams. People are talking about you. But I thought those dreams might cause some trouble. What do you mean? The dreams are probably something to do with mushi. The mushi living inside your dreams... They're responsible for showing you those premonitions. And they will multiply more and more. You should control their numbers with this medicine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How often do you have those dreams right now? One or two out of ten... Soon it will become at least four or five. That's when you should take this medicine. If you take any more than that, it will be toxic. But if you don't take it at all, you will be unable to awaken from your dreams. What's important is the balance. Make sure you take the medicine. I will come again around the time the medicine runs out. Until then... ...sweet dreams... One should never have conversations with someone who is talking in their sleep. Those are the words from the land of Utopia. It hasn't even been a year since I last came here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's going on? So you're here, mushi-shi... I've been waiting for you. 1 had something I wanted to ask. Are you alone? I saw what happened to the village. Don't tell me... Yeah, you guessed it. I'll tell you what happened. All of it. Oh, man... Hmph... Wow! It's a water vein! We can expand our rice paddies with this water. Hey! We hit water! Another one of Jin's dreams came true! Go tell the others in the village! This is from the farmers to thank us. They gave us this much... I sort of feel bad. Yeah... But I can't put good food on the table just by doing blade sharpening. So I'm grateful for it. Whoa! Bayberries! But Jin... Huh? The number of your dreams coming true has increased... just like that mushi-shi said it would. You believe that guy? That mushi are showing me the dreams and things like that? I don't know. But what if... just what if what he's saying is true? All right. I'll take the medicine. You will? Good. The cliff on the west side crumbled! Thank you so much. If it wasn't for your prediction, we'd be goners. 1 don't know how to thank you. Kinu... sometimes I get scared. Hm? Whenever one of my dreams comes true, I can't help but feel as if I caused it to happen. Don't be silly. Lin-san! These are to thank you for the other day. Please take them. Oh... okay. Hey, have a good dream for us, too, will you? Well, I don't know about that. Don't ask for the impossible. It's just a dream, after all. Well, then, we'll be looking forward to the next one. Thanks. Don't worry, lin. I'm sure you were given those premonitions to help others... after all, everyone seems happy because of you. There's nothing to be afraid of. Yeah, I guess you're right... That's what ll told my wife... ...but I still felt apprehensive about my premonition dreams, and I started taking the medicine willingly. But then... It's a tsunami! Mayu... she was at the seashore! It can't be! ll never had adream about this... Yeah! How could he not foresee a calamity like this? Mayu... It's all because I took this medicine! That's why I couldn't save Mayu's life! I stopped taking the medicine. Then, right after that, more and more of my premonition dreams started to come true. And they got more accurate. Look, Jin. Someone left a thank you gift in front of our house. You have to... cheer up. Then one day... Were you dreaming? You're drenched in sweat. Did you have a bad dream? N-no... I just don't feel well. This isn't because of a dream. Then, the next day... Kinu! It was the exact same disease I had seen in my dream. A green mold would start at the fingertips and spread through the body, making it crumble like dirt. Soon... 1 was the only one left in the village. You said your name was Ginko? When that dream came true, I came to the realization... ...that you had deceived me when you visited the first time! What's inside me isn't mushi that would show me premonition dreams. They're mushi that bring my dreams out to infect the real world! That green mold disease... It started spreading to those who were near me first... My wife, then my neighbors, then the plots across the way. And right before my very eyes, the exact scene in my dream played out. All the things that I had predicted before were events that were created in my dreams. Isn't that right? Yet... Why did you lie to me?! It's because your ties with the mushi cannot be completely severed. Once it becomes a parasite in you, for the rest of your life, you must find a balance with the mushi... the only recourse is to co-exist. But if I tell the host person about this mushi's real characteristics, he won't be able to handle the magnitude of what he creates. Yeah... ll should've died from it! I caused these disasters! Why did you let me live?! Why?! I'm sorry. Since it's come to this, I'll do anything I can to find a way to cut you off from the mushi. Please go on living. The Imeno no Awai mushi normally live in the host's dreams, but come out of the dreams on occasion. When they come out, they become the medium to make the dream the host was having infect reality. In other words, the mushi don't make all your dreams into premonition dreams, but the more they multiply, the more often they come out of your dreams. And their ability to turn your dreams into reality grows both in range and in scale as well. But these mushi themselves are very weak in that they will disappear if exposed to sunlight. It's unknown why they want to come out into our world. But it's said that somewhere, there's a pathway connecting dreams and reality that only the mushi traverse, and while the host is awake, that's where the mushi sleep. If I can find that pathway, I might be able to do something. But I've never seen or heard of a case before of such a fast pace and a big scale. That medicine alone can't stop it. And if I increase the dosage... Hey! You took all the medicine?! Hang in there! I'll go get the antidote! Leave me alone! I've had enough... I can't go on... ...living anymore. I can see his eyes moving. He's started to dream. Forgive me. He's talking in his sleep? It's not your fault. The fault does not lie with the mushi either. You were both just carrying on with life. No one is to blame. Don't die. You haven't done anything wrong. Are those wild geese I see? So he is talking in his sleep... He's not coherent. Just where are you, anyway? Hurry back to reality. I'm in a field of reeds. He answered me! What's this ringing in my ears?! What on earth?! Our conversation just now linked his dream to reality? So he sees these as wild geese? This is a flock of Imeno no Awai. Daddy, welcome home! Mayu! Welcome home. Kinu! I'm sorry... I'm sorry, you two! You must hate me! I've... killed you all. It's okay, Jin. It's not your fault. You're not to blame. Is someone there? That's me! Something is showing up on the screen! Fire? It's hot. Someone please... Is that my dream being reflected on the screen? The fire in my dream has spread through the pillow? I get it now! There's fire here, too! Wake up! I'll go get water! The dream came into reality through my pillow. A pathway only for the mushi to traverse... While the host is awake, that's where the mushi sleep. So that's where you were! You damned... mushi! Don't! Wh... why... ...did I get cut, too? It seems he got good first aid treatment. 1 think he'll manage to survive. Did you know it would turn out like this? All 1 did was cut the pillow. Did you know that there's a theory that the word origin for "pillow" is "soul storage"? For almost one-third of your life, your pillow cradles your head. Perhaps that is how the thinking came about that the pillow is where the soul dwells. The pillow is also the nest for the Imeno no Awai, and is also the pathway that connects dreams to reality. 1 thought if you cut it, you'd be the one who'd lose something. Between dreams and reality lies "soul storage."” Unless one takes this path, he cannot go see the land of Utopia. Thereafter, I heard that the man started working as a blade sharpener again. He was skilled at what he did, and became well-known for it. But for whatever reason, he gradually became disturbed. At times, he would wave a sword around in the streets, and at the end, finally stabbed himself. People said... ...that he was very afraid to sleep. He thought if he went to sleep, his soul would slip away. Since the day that he cut his pillow, he didn't have even one single dream. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 