Mushi-Shi: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mushi-Shi 
 s1e1 - Midori no za - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mushi-Shi (2005–2006): Season 1, Episode 1 - Midori no za - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 They are kept at a distance... Coarse and mysterious... They seem to be completely different from the flora and fauna that are familiar to us. This group of strange looking creatures has inflicted fear onto humans since long past, and have come to be called... "mushi.” "Mushi” and have come to be called... "mushi.” "Mushi” Someone's coming... Someone strange is coming... Someone's coming... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What was that just now? A monkey, maybe? The green that surrounds me is extraordinarily vibrant... ...here... Once in a blue moon, you will come across a human who is born with what you might call a predisposition, to bring forth plants, water, life. Ah! Looks like it's safe to write characters, even with my left hand. Let's see... "The sunlight has gradually softened. The trees are beginning to bud, and the birds also..." I've always been left-handed anyway. It's easier to write with this hand. Darn... I had forgotten. These Chinese characters are based on drawings. They're so-called pictographs. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This'll take care of these. Hey! Come back here, bird! What is this thing? Who gave you permission to go outside?! Ink? Oh! D-did you see it? Yeah, with my very own eyes. Are you Shinra loroi-kun? Huh? Yeah... Did you read my letter? Oh, then, you're Ginko-san, the mushi-shi? I was just writing you a reply declining your request. Until now, I've had several research solicitations, but I've turned them all down. It was the dying wish of my grandmother. She said I was not to broadcast my special ability... and, as much as possible, not to use it. As you just witnessed, for as long as I remember, it's been the case that if I draw something, even if it's a picture of something that doesn't exist, it will come to life. But my grandmother said that it's not right for humans to bring a new creature to life, and that it'll anger all the gods and goddesses... So she forbade me from drawing with my left hand. Oh, if I draw with my right hand, nothing happens, but I injured my finger the other day. That's how what you saw earlier happened. I see. That was one of your amazing creations. I was surprised, too. I never dreamed that even something like that would start moving... although I've had a lot of weird things start to move on me until now. Really? For example? Like an umbrella and a backscratcher... I don't want to be researched. Tsk! But I won't make you leave this instant. It must've been hard to trek this deep into the mountains. Please stay the night and relax here. And, to be honest, it's been a while since I've spoken to anyone. So I'd love to hear what's happening out there in the world. Please have some. It's fruit wine that I made myself. 1 usually have some by myself out here. I see. You live all alone in a deserted place like this? Yes, since my grandmother passed away four years ago... because she told me I was never to leave this house. And I can see why. If he were to live in a village and accidentally bring to life a creature in front of others... they probably won't allow him to lead a peaceful life as he is right now. His ability is far beyond human intellect. It sounds like your grandmother was a wise person. Yeah. She always looked out for me. But... Will you take a look at these? You drew these? Yeah. When I'm by myself, creatures like these sometimes appear out of nowhere. I've always wondered what they were. It was fun watching them. Sol drew some pictures and showed them to Grandma. But... - I don't understand why you always see these phantoms. I'm sure it's because of that frightening power you possess. Forget about these phantoms. How dreadful... just dreadful... You poor child... That's all she would say, and she never believed what I saw until the day she died. Sol myself sometimes wondered if something was wrong with me. That was the only thing Grandma and ll couldn't see eve-to-eve about. That's because these creatures are all "mushi." Mushi? Yeah. They're distinct from insects and reptiles. Let me give you an analogy. Let's say these four fingers represent animal life and your thumb is plant life. Humans are here, at the point farthest from your heart, at the tip of your middle finger. The farther you go down on your palm from there, the lower the life forms become. As you continue to go lower, around your wrist, your blood vessels combine into one, right? Yeah. Fungi and microorganisms would be here. Once you come to that point, it becomes difficult to distinguish between plant and animal life. Yet, there is life still past that point. Go up your arm... ...and past your shoulder. And, the life that is around here is called "mushi,” or "green matter.” They are similar to life itself. Because they are so close to life itself, their shapes and existences are ambiguous. Some you can see, some you can't. Yeah. Some are transparent... like ghosts. Even some ghostly apparitions are mushi, since some can take on the appearance of humans, as well. Your grandmother was probably unable to see mushi. It's difficult to share a sensory experience. Just as it's impossible to describe the feel and texture of an object to someone who has never experienced that feel and texture... ...it's not easy to have someone understand the world of mushi if they've never seen it before. But Grandma, you don't know how happy I am to have those weird creatures in this world of ours. Now where is the bathroom? What a rambling house... and pretty old, too. I'm surprised Shinra lives alone in a place like this... I just saw something pass by... Well, I guess there's no way this house wouldn't have any mushi... Now, where did it go? Oh... you have a mushi pin... Are you going to pin a mushi with that for display? You lowly mushi-shit! Lowly? 1 don't want to be called that by a mushi. Wh-what's this? How can smoke do this?! It's mushi. Just like you. It's cute, isn't it? It clings to fellow mushi and won't let go... It disappears right away, though. Wow! It's a sake cup that's broken... but what a pretty color! Did you used to drink with this while moon gazing? Shut up. Give it back! How dare you brazenly come into my house. Get out already! You sure talk big for a mushi. You're saying... this is your house? Yeah, that's right. Aha!I see. 1 get it now. You were once a human, but now you're a creature with mushi characteristics. You're not a full mushi. That's why you're so weak. And this half piece of green sake cup... it gives me a clue as to how you came to be like that. It also tells me who you are. Your name is... Renzu. I did some research on Shinra before I came here, so... 1 have an idea as to how to make this sake cup whole again. Want to hear me out, Grandma Renzu? Grandma is still here in this house? But not in human form, of course. She's in limbo between human and mushi. What do you mean? There's a phenomenon called the Mushi Banquet. It's where mushi take on human form and invite guests to their banquet. It's there humans are given a sake cup. When humans drink the sake they are offered, they lose the laws of being a living creature. In other words, they become inhabitants of the other world... the world of mushi. So Grandma was at one of those banquets? Yeah. But the banquet was interrupted midway. Because of that, your grandmother was saved from becoming a mushi, but when she returned home, she was no longer the same as before. She left half of herself on the other side. Shinra, the grandmother that you knew was only half of herself. But the other half was watching over you inside this house from the day you were born, too. ...had no idea. Since she isn't fully mushi, you can't see her. But if we use your power, she can turn into a complete mushi... though once she does, she will never be able to return to our world. What do you want to do? Is that true? Is it really true that if we go through with that, 1 will be able to see Shinra again? Your grandmother didn't need long to decide. You will help her out, won't you, Shinra? Don't watch me draw, okay? I know, I know. Okay, Shinra. With your left hand, try drawing the sake cup that your grandmother received from the mushi at the banquet ll described earlier. What? But you never told me its color or shape. It's okay. Just try drawing using your imagination. My imagination... You should be able to draw it, because the half of the sake cup your grandmother received is something that has been passed down from her to her child and then to her grandchild. When someone tells you not to look, you just can't help looking... I get the feeling it's green... just like the green of this country... Rich and vibrant... And, it's flat and round in shape... Bingo! Wow... Oh, it's cracking! Renzu! Are you there, Grandma? I'm going to put the halves together. What's this? Now drink it, Renzu. Grandma? Why are you guys so shy all of a sudden? Well, she's a lot younger than I expected. Here, you take a sip, too. It's a celebratory sake. Okay. Why, it's... Grandma's memories... I have to hurry before the sun sets. Mushi... I can't get out of line. Now, drink, Renzu loroi-dono. This is a banquet held in your honor. How fragrant... With each sip, I lose the ability to think. Do you like it? That is a living entity called "Kouki," the sake of light. It's normally found swimming around as a giant vein of light at the bottom of complete darkness, but we created that sake cup, which can extract it, especially for you. It has been gushing out ever since there has been life in this world. When it nears soil, it makes grass green, blows life into buds, and when it moves away, the land dries up. In other words, it is the water of life. You will not taste anything mote delicious in this world. The reason why we are exchanging a drink and treating you so well is because we have a favor to ask of you. Thirty one years from now, your grandson will be born with a special power which can change the world of living things. We want you to watch over him for life. My grandson... That will be best for both him and the world. If you agree to this, we will grant you powers. Now, drink the sake to the last drop. It's empty. I have to get home. Shinra? Huh? What's happening to me? Shinra's tears would not stop. He said he could feel Renzu's emotions and senses flowing into him. He said he was just terribly sad that the sake cup got broken. And, as if responding to him, Kouki, too, continued to flow from the sake cup. Ceaselessly, it continued to flow. Leaving already? Whoa! The ground is covered with moss. Yeah. This is probably the area that was saturated with Kouki last night. Are you giving up your research on Shinra? I suppose, since a meddlesome watch guard has been revived. If it's not for your research, why don't you stop by the next time you come around these parts? Even though it can't be helped, Shinra is probably lonely being in a place like this by himself. I don't think that will be necessary... because from here on, he'll always have you by his side. Huh? Where's Ginko? He left already. Without even saying goodbye? We didn't do much to thank him, so I feel bad... I feel bad. Well, but... ...that green sake cup is gone... Thereafter, I never heard of new rumors about the boy with the god-like left hand. "The Light of the Eyelid.” 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 