Mushi-Shi: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mushi-Shi 
 s1e7 - Ame ga kuru niji ga tatsu - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mushi-Shi (2005–2006): Season 1, Episode 7 - Ame ga kuru niji ga tatsu - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - It's letting up... This one's close! Don't disappear! Don't disappear... Please don't disappear. --Can I join you? --Sure. Bummer... You're telling me. I couldn't even see in front of me. 1 wonder when it'll stop... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It'll rain like this for at least another hour. Hm? You a merchant? If you've got food, sell me something. The long rain ruined everything I had. No, this is empty... and I'm not a merchant. Huh? Then what're you planning to put inside? That's a huge jar. I'll tell you, mister... a corpse... A corpse. Well... A rainbow... I'm on a journey to bring home a rainbow in this. Okay... That's a good one... Hey, tell us why you're doing such a thing. I could use something to cure the boredom. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sure... It was... when I was just a kid... Honey?! Kenro! Stop your pa! Pa, not again?! Stop it! Oh, the rain is coming... the rain is coming... A rainbow will appear... Argh! Honey?! Honey! Ever since I could remember, my father... would suddenly become a different person when he sensed a coming rain. He would run about so happily in the fields and mountains and not come back home for several days. He was strange like that. Then, several days later, someone"d find him stuck in the mud, or he'd just pop in at home. And... on those days when it didn't rain, he would drink enough water to shower in. I can't tell you how embarrassing this is! It'd be better if you never came back. 1 don't know myself what's happened to me... From the time I saw that rainbow... There's no such rainbow! You've lost your mind... that's all it is! Say, Pa... Is it fun when you run around in the rain? Well... it's fun beyond description... Then, I'll do it, too. You mustn't. Ma will yell at you. Then tell me again about the rainbow. Well... Keep this a secret from Ma. Okay! That day was the day before you were born... The day the flood waters finally retreated. Damn... after all the work we did building it... There's nothing we can do about it... It probably means we didn't think it through hard enough. But ll don't think we could build a bridge stronger than that... A rainbow... It's so vivid. He said that when he looked more closely, the rainbow was growing out of the riverbank right nearby. They say if you dig at the foot of a rainbow, you'll find treasure... It disapp... After that, the rainbow... began appearing somewhere after every rainfall. It changed its form every time... It entertained Pa, but the others apparently couldn't see it. The only one who showed any reaction was me, though I was still an infant. But then one day, the rainbow seemed so far away... Since then, it never appeared again... And I feel parched no matter how much water I drink... My body becomes restless from deep inside on days when it looks like it's gonna rain. The next thing ll know I'm running about the hills and plains... And in these moments of sanity... 1 long... I so long for that rainbow... The whereabouts of that rainbow... 1 want to go and find it someday. But soon, Pa became bedridden. Even then, he'd struggle to go outside before every rain. In the end, he became too weak to even stand. Pa, your water... I want to see that rainbow... So here I am on a journey to, somehow or other, find that rainbow and show it to Pa. So, you plan to grab the rainbow with both hands? Il won't know until ll actually see it. Oh yeah, that's true... Oh, it's down to a drizzle... 1 guess I'll be on my way now... Your story had a weak ending. Well, take care. Well, I'll be going, too. Hey, wait up. If you're going to look for that rainbow, you should go that way. Huh? That wasn't just a tall story, was it? What your father saw is a mushi called Kouda. [kou = rainbow, da = snake] Wha?! I've only seen it once before, too. I've always wanted to see its base rooted to the ground. So if you'd like, I'll help you out. My compensation: you pay for my meals during that time. Oh, and about that big jar, sell it. 1 don't think it'll be of any help. Well? What're you going to do? First of all, normal rainbows can only be seen with the sun at your back. But Kouda appear regardless of that. And also... The order of the colors is reversed. If you don't check that first, you'll be chasing rainbows forever. Hey, you said your name was Ginko, right? Huh? You must have some reason to be traveling, too... Why help a passerby like me? Like I said, I want to see it, too. That's all. I'm not traveling for any special purpose. But I can't be searching for Kouda forever. So, let's see... if we don't find it by the first day of autumn, I'll quit. How's that sound? Apparently, like rainbows, it appears often after the rain stops. We'll have to move about by reading the rain. I've learned quite a bit about it. There won't be any rain around here for quite some time. Look... there are clouds around that mountain. It'll rain in that area tomorrow. Oh? I haven't just been walking aimlessly about... There it is! No, that's an ordinary rainbow. That isn't it, either. Well, I expected this to happen... When you look for something, you don't find it. How long has it been since you began your journey? It's been five years... Five years... Hey, that story about showing it to your bedridden father... That was a lie, wasn't it? No one would travel five years with sick family at home. Wanting to show it to Pa wasn't a lie. But that isn't what got me started on my quest. Did I tell you my name? Hm? No. It's Koro. [ko = rainbow, ro = man] It's a name that always reminds people of my father, who wandered about in search of rainbows. Because of my name, I was the laughingstock of the village. In a western province, there is a famous rogue river. I come from a long line of bridge builders who built the bridge that spanned that river. No matter how many times we rebuilt it, floods washed the bridge away each time. Everyone had high hopes for Pa, though. My older brother, who followed in Pa's footsteps, was very talented. Each time it was destroyed, he designed a more solid bridge. I didn't have an ounce of his talent. After tearing a tendon, I lost the full use of my left hand. I'm worse than second-rate as a carpenter as well... Before I knew it, the only place for me was at Pa's side. Il couldn't stand it, so ll ran away. Then, after all that, what is your reason for searching for the rainbow? Each time I saw a rainbow, I couldn't keep myself from chasing after it. Don't disappear! Don't disappear... I wanted to confirm what Pa said. 1 also wanted to say to the people who laughed at Pa and me, "This was the cause.” But even though I left the village, I'm still a loser. I needed some sort of goal in my life. I couldn't go on living just for living's sake. A goal, eh? You said you were traveling without a purpose... I suppose you have your reasons. Traveling about is not an easy life. Can a person keep on traveling about without a purpose? Well, sometimes I do want to take a rest... When I feel that way, I set a goal like this. Then that creates some leisure time like this. Those who "live for living's sake" have no leisure time, so... I'm very serious about what I'm doing... but for you it's a diversion? 1 am taking this very seriously, too. It's an issue of attitude. What's that supposed to mean? Relaxing is one of life's pressing issues. And besides, I think it's a more honest motivation than yours. All you're doing is torturing yourself by chasing after rainbows to ease your guilt. What a waste... You should've set roots anywhere and discarded your past. I know... But I can't... that's why I'm here. But maybe it's time to put an end to that. 1 think I'll quit after the first day of autumn, as well. Oh... Hey, wait up! Hey! Oh, you have a good eye, sir. Those are mermaid's nails. They make a love potion when boiled in water and drunk as tea. --Uh... --I'll give you a discount. Don't you have some medicine that'll bring rain, instead? There's no such thing... With the long drought that we've been having... the rice fields will dry up. If there was such a medicine, I'd have used it by now. Hey... Keep a sharp eye on the sky. Isn't it about time it rained? Yeah... My throat's parched... I can't even perspire anymore... The rain is coming... The rain is coming... The rain is coming... the rain is coming! A rainbow will appear... Ginko! Look at that... Ah! The sun is... ...inside the rainbow... Hey, what about my love potion? Sorry, I'm closing shop. Hey! Don't run so fast from the start. Damn! Where'd it disappear to?! The location should be about here. This area looks like it might still rain. It may not have gone very far. Let's wait here today. I knew where the rain would be without seeing it. Was it like this for Pa, as well? Koro... You're probably at the point where you come to detest me and the name I gave you. I wanted to give you the name of the most beautiful thing 1 had ever seen in this world... I'm sorry... Because of that, your friends laugh at you, don't they? Take this... 1 thought up a different, better name. From tomorrow, use this name. I don't want it... Don't say... such things... I'm not... going to give in! I'll become an even better... ...bridge builder than you, Pa! Hey, wake up... It's raining. Ah... it appeared... --Hurry! It's close by! --Right! Incredible... The name of the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in this world... Beautiful... Don't! What Pa said was true... I've got to bring this home with me... Tsk! You fool! Are you okay? Y-yeah... Il had no proof until ll saw it up close... But when I touched it, 1 felt a shock on my skin... This is one type of nagaremono. [nagare = flow/drift, mono = thing] Nagaremono? [nagare = flow/drift, mono = thing] They possess life, but they resemble natural phenomena... Except for the fact that they are alive, they're identical to rainbows, a phenomena created by light and rain. The Kouda was likely the result of light and... Kouki-laden rain. Kouki? It's the basis of mushi life. Nagaremono are things that resemble floods and typhoons. They happen for a reason, but they have no purpose. They are born only to drift... They are not affected by anything; they only affect other things, then disappear. If you come into contact with such mushi, they will possess you. For an instant, I felt as though I was within it... I wonder if Pa was swallowed up by that rising, waterfall-like object? I guess it wasn't something I could have my way with... 1 feel like a part of me is gone... In fact, it's rather refreshing. What're you going to do from now on? Who knows? I'll think about it a while... What about you? I guess you're like this thing... You'll just start drifting again, huh? After that, I have no idea where that man went. But I did hear that an indestructible bridge had been built across the famous rogue river in a western province. When the water rises, one side of each plank is detached and allowed to flow with the waters. When the waters recede, the bridge is restored. The Nagare-bashi, as it is called, was built from the ideas of one man. "Where Sea Meets Man." - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 