Mushi-Shi: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mushi-Shi 
 s1e6 - The Crowd That Inhales Dew - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mushi-Shi (2005–2006): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Crowd That Inhales Dew - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Today, as every day, the sun rises and sets... Morning blossoms fall flower by flower... Today, as every day, the sun sets and rises... Flowers bloom throughout the area... But they are not yesterday's flowers... Hey, aren't we there yet? We're almost there. Um, since the doctor introduced you, you must be one, too, right? No, I'm a mushi-shi... Don't look so worried... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 From what ll heard, this is definitely my area of expertise. I'm sorry. It's the first time I've heard that term, so... Oh, I see it now! Did you know, Akoya? Across the sea, there's a big, beautiful land... where everyone lives happily. Let's go there someday... I'll take you there. So, don't look so sad... Okay... Attagirl. Say, why aren't you getting the boat closer to the island? The tide will change soon... This area has complicated currents... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The currents are fast and powerful as well. We can enter the island only on the day of the spring tide... for only a short time. I see... it doesn't look easy to get in... Watch your head. Are you a fisherman or something? There are no fishermen on this island... because boats can set sail safely only one day each month. Nothing but rocks... Yes, there is very little soil, so people on this island are poor. They're all getting by somehow... having the "living god" as their emotional support... --"Living god"? --Somebody's there! Hide! I'm sorry... you can't eat this. We have to give this to the "living god" so that she'll heal your illness. Now, get up on my back. You'll feel much better soon for sure. Hey, why do we have to hide? The one I want you to take a look at is that "living god." --Huh? --She used to be an ordinary human! Please help her! Everyone is just being duped. That's her... Next to her is her father, the present head of the household... Every day, a "miracle” happens to her. Today is the day that her believers can pay their respects. Her breathing has completely stopped as well. --Did you see it? --What? So you can't see it... Now, breathe in the fragrance deeply. It will take away your inner pain and illnesses... It's the divine power of the immortal "living god."” Later, she returns to the way she was. At dawn, she awakens as though nothing had happened. It was exactly as you said... But I admit, I was still surprised. That cures people's illnesses? It's all a sham! My mom died without being healed... even though we offered nearly our entire harvest to the "living god.” That "living god” worship was started by the headman and his family on this island. It's said the headman's family read the tides and were first to land on the island. Since then, generation after generation of "living god" has appeared in their family. People heard about it, and gradually began coming here, yearning for a miracle. When one "living god" dies, another appears... before even half a year has passed. As time went on, some people said the "living god's" fragrance cured even their terminal illnesses. I was very reluctant to believe it... - But... Akoya! Playing with an outsider again? Come. I have important business with you. It was about a month after the previous "living god" had died. I remember it was on the day of the spring tide, like yesterday. And, since that day... she became that inhuman thing... that can't communicate, or even remember what happened the previous day. I learned what it was all about shortly thereafter. Oh... so someone recovered from their illness again? How simple those people are that they can be cured just by the power of suggestion. Akoya wasn't a bright child, but she must be happy to be able to do her part for the family. I couldn't forgive them... So I left to find someone who could help Akoya. I left the island, saying I would never return. If he found out I was back, the headman would be suspicious of me. To be honest, you're in danger as well, Ginko-san. What have I gotten myself into? Please! ll don't want to give in without doing something! Well, count me in. So, let me have a look at her soon. Her pulse is abnormally fast... Her body temperature, too, is far above normal. It's almost time... Hold the light close. Excuse me for a moment... There it is... A mushi... Huh? Ah! An offspring was born and its parent died. What did you see? The cause is a parasite in the nasal cavity. But ll don't know if removing it will bring her back to normal... Is this girl the only one affected?? There are several others. They're kept in isolation on that promontory. All of them are like Akoya. Since the old days, people like them turned up once in a great while. Each of the past headmen praised them and gave them homes here... as devout believers who were able to be close to the "living god."” The families they left behind gave them their blessings, believing their bloodline produced someone free from all suffering. After all that, we found nothing new. Say, didn't she become affected on the day of the spring tide? Yes. Can you think of any place accessible only during the spring tide? The cave at the very tip of the promontory... Over there. Are you looking for something? There! Look... This guy has been attacked by parasites, too... There should be more. See if you can find some mote around this area. I found two more. Good. Leave them here. Nagi! I found... a cure. It's going to be okay, Akoya. Keep still. It'll be over in an instant. Here it is. Akoya? Nagi... Akoya! You're okay! I'm so glad! I see... but why did Father... Akoya, let's leave the island... There're three days left until the next spring tide. You must keep the fact that you've been healed a secret from the headman. But... ll love this island. I'm sure Father will admit he was wrong. My leaving will only cause someone else to become the "living god.” Then you should remove the cause from the island... to stop the abuse of mushi on the island. Do you remember what happened on the day you became the "living god"? That day, Father summoned me... Akoya... Look, I picked this just for you. It's lovely... Doesn't it smell wonderful? Breathe it in. A flower resembling bindweed blossoms... with a strong fragrance? I've seen them in the promontory cave. They were blooming in the dark. Are they the cause? In three days? Yes. In any case, we can't let the headman find out. Akoya, act like you're the "living god" until then... What's the matter? Still not feeling like yourself? Somehow I feel so uneasy... When I was the "living god," I could always close my eyes with such a feeling of satisfaction when I began to grow older at sunset and began to fall asleep... But now I'm afraid... When I awake, the reality that I left behind yesterday is waiting for me. I cringe at the immense amount of time that spreads out endlessly before me... Perhaps you were living on mushi time. That mushi harmonizes its host's biological clock with its own. All living things have different life spans, but it's said the number of heartbeats in their lifetimes are about the same. That is, time runs at a different rate for each. The life span of that mushi is about a day. You experienced that every day. I see, maybe that's why... Each and every day... and every passing hour... felt breathtakingly fresh... When I tried to think... Il couldn't keep up... 1 always... felt fulfilled in my heart... In another hour or so, we'll be able to go in. Akoya... Oh, it's odd... By this time you should be old and weak... F-Father... I don't know how, but I'm healed... Silence! I hear Nagi is back. You know where he went, don't you? Oh... today is the spring tide day, isn't it? Bindweed blossoms in the dark... What a strong fragrance. So this part is the mushi's nest... I guess animal hosts must ensure better survival of their young... Ginko-san! "Living god"! Where are you going? Please tell me where the promontory cave is! Hey, the "living god" spoke... I'm sorry... I'll explain everything, so... Please... ...save Nagi! Nagi, what are you doing here? Why, you! How could you?! Stop it. What're you going to do? Leave him alone. They don't have much time left, anyway... Those who continue to use mushi carelessly gradually lose their sanity... You guys will eventually be ruined... You're unfit for handling mushi. He's provoking them... I wonder if he has a plan... --Now then, Nagi... - Yes? --Let's make a run for it! --What?! --After them! --Yes, sir. Make sure the bodies don't surface. Well, then... He was holding a flower! Yeah... Just like Akoya-dono said... Unforgivable! Looks like we lost them, but the tide is rising. Damn! We'll last another hour at most... There's someone there... I found them! Nagi and his friend! Hey down there! Stand clear! We're going to widen the opening! ...killed him... Father... Father! Look, I picked this just for you. Don't look so sad... Doesn't it smell wonderful? Breathe it in. Akoya! Why... Why?! Forgive me... Nagi... Over there... ll can go on living... It's more firmly embedded than the first time! Removing it will be... It's... okay... ...because Akoya only appeared happy from the bottom of her heart when she was the "living god"... Today, as every day, the sun rises and sets... Morning blossoms fall flower by flower... Today, as every day, the sun sets and rises... Flowers bloom throughout the area... But they are not yesterday's flowers... Yet today's flowers are just as beautiful... That day, Ginko-san missed the spring tide... so he stayed on the island for a month. During that time, he was able to treat everyone living on the promontory. But each spring tide when the cave was exposed, someone became a "living god" once again. Several probably don't appreciate the treatment... Eventually, they'll breathe the flowers again... Akoya told me... I'm afraid... I cringe at the immense amount of time that spreads out endlessly before me... We're not all that different... 1 don't know what to live for from now on... Just live a normal life. Life will be somewhat easier once you're able to fish... Work with others to open up that cave so you can set boats out to sea at any time. It won't be easy... But you have before you... ...an infinitely large amount of time. "When There's Rain, There's A Rainbow.” 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 