Beast Wars: Transformers: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beast Wars: Transformers 
 s2e9 - Code of Hero - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beast Wars: Transformers (1996–1999): Season 2, Episode 9 - Code of Hero - full transcript 
 Dinobot's sudden change in allegiance causes Rattrap to distrust him even more. When Megatron and Rampage discover that a valley with early anthropoid humans exists he decides to destroy the valley and everything that was in it to prevent the human race from existing long enough to interfere with the wars between the Autobots and Decepticons. Dinobot realizes that Megatron's powers will be limitless if he doesn't stop him from destroying the valley. Dinobot then radios Optimus for help but finds that he must make things right. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by wadera8@wp.pl. Code of Hero. So what is it? Remember that transwarp cell explosion? Okay, stupid question. Anyway, I've been calculating its path. The temporal wavefront is moving into the future at an accelerated rate. It'll reach Cybertron in approximately 2.218 decacycles. They're going to know where we are. The question is, has Megatron made the same calculations. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If I was a bettin' rodent, which I am? Oh, yeah. We'd better start increasing the base defenses. Well, if it ain't th' irascible raptor. The base remains infested with vermin, I see. Yeah, funny, ya know, not much changes around here. 'Cept maybe the occasional allegiance. Found any golden disks, lately? Passed 'em on to any Predacons? I don't need to explain my actions to you, mouse. Yea, that's right. Ya don't. 'Cause they pretty much speak for themselves. Go ahead, rodent. Push it one more inch. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Y'know, I useta figure I had you pegged. "He's a slag-spoutin' saurian, but at least ya know where he stands." Guess we live an' learn, huh? The rodent's words give off the stench of truth. Destiny has one great Test in store for us all. Has mine already come and have I failed it? A deed, once done, cannot be undone. But perhaps it may yet be mitigated. Cat patrol to bot-base. Got a blue-plate sighting in Tengu Sector. Crab Legs and Crabby. All you can eat. Whooo! But be warned - this plate is HOT! Cheetor to anybody - come in! This is Dinobot. Speak, feline. I'm teachin' a solo lesson to Megatron an' Rampage. Trouble is, they're slow learners, an'... Cheetor! Are you injured? Yeah, I'll survive... But someone's got to follow up on Megatron - - find out what he's up to. Fear not. Someone most assuredly will. Ahh. Dinner is served. Sickening spider. Your base was betrayed by the stench of your perversions. The Golden Disk. I need to know what information it contains. I can't tell you that. I don't know I don't know! There's no more copies Megatron won't risk a security breach again. Only the original Disk, and he keeps it with him! Then I shall go to Megatron. Good luck catching up to him. He's miles away. You'll pay for this, lizard. Shut up and accelerate. The mountain. That will serve our purpose, yess. You've brought us all this way to look at scenery? I don't care for your tone, Rampage. Soon, very soon, I expect a visit from Cybertron. I eagerly anticipate your imminent demise, then. A likely outcome, I admit. But only if reality remains as it is. This disk contains images recorded in the future. One future, anyway. My dear Rampage. If you please. You presume to order me... Yes. Yess! Oh my crazed crustacean, do you realize what this means? When reality alters, the future alters with it! With the Golden Disk, Megatron's power is limitless! Now. According to this disk, the human race is destined to emerge from this valley. Humans. Thanks to their interference the Autobots defeated the Decepticons, and thus it is the Maximals which rule us. But no longer. Noo. Destiny is about to undergo an improvement. Dinobot to Optimus Primal -ARGH! Shouldn't take your eyes off a spider. They tend to be venomous. But they still squash. Optimus here. What is it, Dinobot? Code Red... situation extreme. Destroy this valley and everything in it. The human race will never have existed! We'll be there as soon as we can. In the meantime, fall back and wait for us! Negative. The question that once haunted my being has been answered. The future is not fixed, and my choices are my own. And yet, how ironic... For I now find I have no choice at all. I am a warrior. Let the battle be joined. Oh man, no matter how soon we get there, it's gonna be 'way too late. Do you always have to see the bright side? Dinobutt against six Preds? There won't be enough left of him t' make a toaster. One lonely turncoat, battling on against impossible odds. I'm almost touched. Fortunately such moments pass quickly. Quickstrike - scrap him. And just to tilt the odds even further... Welllll, howdy! Don't bother gittin' up - Ah'll jist kick ya while yer down. Warning. Systems failing. So. What's a warrior without weapons, eh? A warrior still! Warning: Power reserves 96 per cent depleted. Stasis lock commencing. Override. Repeat: Power loss critical. Further expenditures will result in loss of Spark. Stasis lock MUST commence! OVERRIDE! Acknowledged. Megatron. Hmm, my ears are burning, yes. Why, Dinobot! What a delightful surprise. Let's see, where are we now? I have the Golden Disk. I have the power to change the future. And the only remaining obstacle in my path to unimaginable glory... is yourself. Exhausted. Damaged beyond recovery. Defeated. Not... just... yet. Ah-ah-aaah. One more step, and it's raining bits of early anthropoid. Yess. Oh dear, how positively Maximal of you. You were weakened before you started, Dinobot weakened by compassion. Really, Dinobot. A stick? Against a Transmetal? I think not. Final warning. Power failing. Jeopardy extreme. Repeat, extreme. Oh please. Face it, Dinobot. You're old technology. Obsolete. What can you possibly do? Improvise. So close! I was SO CLOSSSSE!!! There's got to be somethin' we can do! He's too far gone, even for stasis-lock. Well fought, my friend. You saved the valley. You saved the lives of those who live here, and of those who are still to come. Then... there is nothing to regret. Like I said. Yer just a blasted slag-spoutin' saurian, but... but... it's nice t' know where ya stand. Upwind of you for preference, vermin. Tell my tale to those who ask. Tell it truly - the ill deeds, along with the good and let me be judged accordingly. The rest... is silence. He lived a warrior... and died a hero. Let his Spark join the Matrix with the greatest of Cybertron. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 