Rosemary & Thyme: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rosemary & Thyme 
 s2e2 - Orpheus in the Undergrowth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rosemary & Thyme (2003–2006): Season 2, Episode 2 - Orpheus in the Undergrowth - full transcript 
 Rosemary and Laura are invited to create a memorial garden by an exclusive home owners association. Laura's daughter Helena is a resident of the community and the two try to heal a painful rift in their relationship. The womens reconciliation takes a backseat when the body of a recovering alcoholic neighbor is found near the new garden area. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I didn't hear you arrive. -How wonderful to see you. You look really well. -Oh, so do you. -It's all the fresh air she's getting nowadays. -You must be Rosemary. I'm Julia. -Sorry. Rosemary Boxer, this is my very old friend and chief bridesmaid, Julia Moore. -It's so nice to meet you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Laura's been telling me so much about you. Only the good things, of course. -Oh, don't worry. She has had her moments. -One hopes she'll have some more. Now, do you want to unpack first, or see the gardens? -Oh, the gardens, definitely. -Laura? -Yes, why not? -Come on, then. We'll go through the passageway. It saves traipsing through the house. -What a lot of tools. -What a lot of bottles. -Just chain Rosemary and Laura through to the 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Back gardens, Jeremy. -Why not come through the flat? It's much quicker. We don't mind, eh, Marcia? -Oh, no. I know you don't want us tramping through with our muddy feet. -He seems rather nice. -Jeremy? He lives underneath. With Marcia. In the garden flat. They moved in a year ago. Both on their second marriages. Look, girls, you must look up properly, or you'll get it in the neck from the residents. It's a private garden, and they like it like that. The only access is through the back garden, or through this Passageway. The residents association agreed to have a key cut for you. Very reluctantly, so for god's sake, don't lose it. -I feel humbled. -Ah. Isn't this delightful? -Impressed? -Very. No wonder you want to prove yourself. Can't wait to get started. -Let's go and find May Beacham. She's the .... -When Julia first told us about this job, she said you were very fond of the story of orpheus and eurydice-- -Oh, yes, it's such a romantic tale. I don't know all the words. Oh, it was Ronnie's favorite opera. He said it was the greatest love story of them all. Apart from ours. -Ronnie was chair of the garden committee, for-- well, forever, really. -And no one worked harder than Ronnie to keep it looking good. -Well, I hope you like the plans that we've come up with. All right, here we go. Laura, will you hold-- -Well as you know, orpheus and eurydice are in love, and blissfully happy, and this represents them together in heaven-- the upper world. -And now this is lots of whites, and pale colors, to represent purity and goodness, set off with some lavender tones, and some deep, dark blues. -Deep, dark blues-- oh, Ronnie would love that. He was a lifelong Chelsea supporter. -Then, as you know, Eurydice is bitten by a snake, and dies. And the she goes down into the underworld, which is this area here. -Now that's where the strong reds come in. And some vibrant yellows and oranges. -And then, of course, orpheus persuades king pluto to allow him to take her back up into the upper world, on the condition that he doesn't look 'round-- -Unison:--and he does. -And he's lost her forever. -Anyway, what d'you think? -Oh, I love it. And Ronnie would, too. -Well, great. Right. Well I'm glad, 'cause we'd like to start right away. Eh, Laura? Laura? Helena. -You can talk to her later. -The question is, will she talk to me? Right. Here we are, Rosemary, I'm going to leave you to heaven, And I am off to the underworld. -She knows Helena? -She's her mother. I found her a bedsit at number 75, when Laura and her husband Nick were splitting up. Helena was in shreds. -Apparently she was in a dreadful state, I gather. -Well we'll leave you to get on. And don't forget, drinks at my place at 6:00, by way of welcome. I've asked Matthew and Helena. I hope that's all right. I'll pop your luggage into the spare room. -Oh thank you. Mens sana in corpore sano, eh? -If you say so, may. Haven't a clue what she's on about, but it sounds Impressive. -You know exactly what I'm on about. How you feeling now? -Right as rain. The doc says that jogging's good for me. But if the blood pressure doesn't get me, the knees will. Oh, well. -I hope you and Marcia'll come to my drink .... -I'll be the one on water. -Brave man. He's had a valiant struggle with the drink. -Not to mention a dodgy ticker. -Could be worth all the back ache. -For you, maybe. Personally, I prefer it the way it is. Ah, Pearson-- -Elliott. -That damned light of yours came on again last night. Why anyone needs 1,000 watts shining on their back garden is quite beyond me. -It's there to put off intruders. It's a security light. The clue is in the title-- -Really. And were you intruded upon? -As it happens, no. -No. So it's just a nuisance. I'd like to be able to see the night sky without your light wrecking it. So get it sorted, you insensitive prat. -You can't talk to me like that-- -as long as you keep blinding me with that bloody thing I'll talk to you any bloody way I see fit. Well, that's the worst bit over. Digging beds. I hate digging beds. Well Ronnie Beacham must have been well loved to deserve all this. -Ronnie Beacham doesn't deserve to be remembered any more than a worm. -He's a cheery chappy, isn't he? And I saw Jeremy and some chap earlier have terrible row over a security light. -I hope they're a little more friendly at Julia's do. Do you hear that? Why doesn't somebody answer it? It's been ringing for ages. Oops. Nearly party time. -Look. That is so clever. -Help me with this. Doorbell. -No-- that's so undignified. -You'd think he hadn't got two ha'pennies to rub together, looking at him. But you'd be very wrong. -What do you mean, mr. Elliott? -Worth a bundle, is henry. -Who we talking about? -Henry vogel. Laughing boy. -I think that's the pot calling the kettle. You could be a right old grouch yourself. -I don't know what you mean. -Oh, look. Here goes. Hello, darling. -Hello, mom. Sorry 'bout this. I'm on duty later. -Hello, Rosemary. -Hello. Introduce me, darling. -Izzy. My mother. -Helena's told me a lot about you. -I can imagine. -I doubt it. I need a drink. -At least she's talking to me. -Yeah. -No. I thought he might be here already. -Is something the matter? -Marcia's worried. She can't find Jeremy. -Oh, he, he was out running earlier. -Well he should've been back by now. I'm probably just being paranoid. But I'm, I'm really worried. I keep trying his mobile-- it's ringing, but there's no response. -His mobile. -He always takes it with him. -Um, we'll just go and have a scout around that site. You keep trying his mobile. -See, I know Helena was upset by the break up, but I thought she was the generation that believed in closure, and moving on, and all that. -Seems to be coming from over there. Does she see a lot of her father? -Who, nick? -Why? You think he's turning against me? -It's possible. -Anything's possible with that rat bag. Rosemary-- This-- is he-- - --dead. Yes. Very. -Ok. Thanks. -Nothing suspicious, then? -Apparently not. The di said there are no marks on him. The doctor reckons it's probably his heart. -May Beacham said he had heart trouble. -Seemed like such a nice man. -Yeah, but jogging with an iffy ticker-- asking for it, I'd say. -Is there anything I can do? -Oh, my head-- -Shall I get a pain killer? -Try the bathroom cabinet. It's the first door on the left. -Right. -What am I going to do without him? -Beat abuse, it's called, and it's for alcoholism. You did have a good old rummage. -I never could resist the bathroom cabinet. -How come you know about this, um-- this-- what's it called? -Beat abuse. My darling uncle clyde was on it for years. He drank for england-- and won. -See? Not just one thing you're good at. -It's a form of aversion therapy. Thing is, if you're on it, you have a drink, you throw up, so eventually you associate having a drink with vomiting. -Matthew's off. I'll go and say goodbye. -How is Marcia? -The same. Exhausted, poor thing. -I don't know how she's going to cope. They were such a loving couple. -Well it's good you're so close. -Yes. I'd do anything for her. -While you and Rosemary are here, please sort things out with Helena. -Takes two to tango, Matthew. -I don't know what the problem is, but she won't talk to me about it. Please try. -She was always the stubborn one. You were always the peacemaker. Ah, well, I'll keep trying. Are they, um-- are they finished outside, with the-- -they took his body away a couple minutes ago. -Rosemary found some medicine downstairs, and it seems he had a bit of a drinking problem. -That would make sense. They found his water bottle at the scene. But it didn't contain water. It was full of neat vodka. -That was uncle clyde's secret tipple. It's clear-- And your breath doesn't smell like a distillery. Mind you, Julia said that she thought he'd finally beaten it. -What about all those empties he was putting out this morning? -Well that could have been entertaining, couldn't it? He wasn't trying to hide them. And he said to Julia, about tonight, I'll be the one on water. -No, he must've started drinking again, and the jogging was just an excuse to go for a tipple. Or could there've been a bad reaction to those pills, Those, um-- -Beat abuse. And could that have started a heart attack? -Well I don't know. If he was back on the bottle, why would he take beat abuse? Certainly knowing the effect they would have, and with his heart condition? -Poor man. Just couldn't stay away from the drink. -If it was me, I'd take my bottle and find a quiet corner of the garden. I wouldn't take beat abuse, and I wouldn't go jogging. - Bloody fool. -I had a boyfriend once, whose mother died when he was very young. It was a terrible shock. And the day after her funeral, he bought himself a pair of shoes a size too small, and was hobbling around. They were crippling him. -Well what on earth did he do that for? -So that the lesser pain would mask the greater one. Now-- no, all right maybe that's a lot of psycho babble, but perhaps Helena is taking it all out on you instead of Dealing with the main issue, which is her parents splitting up. -Go and talk to her. Come on. Give me that. And go and talk to her. Go on. -Good piece of timber, that. Fruit wood, I'd say. Um, apple, or-- or pear. Yeah, probably an early perry variety. Victorians planted a lot of those. Look, I'm just going to keep witching on till you speak, so you might as well give in. -Laura. Didn't know you were here. -Just chatting. To Helena. -Well, um-- You must have a lot to discuss. Don't let it get you colder. -Seems very sweet. Look, if you won't talk to me, at least tell me it is you're carving-- -it's called my mother is a two-timing bitch. Wh-- what did you call me? -Well what else would you call someone who has an affair with her husband's best friend? -Who told you that? Your father? Look, if he's making accusations like that, I have a right to know. Helena. -Might've been. -And you believed him? -Well why not? -Because it's absolute bollocks-- -and why should I believe you? -Because I have nothing to gain by lying. But he's trying to justify the fact that he dumped me for a piece of skirt that's young enough to know better. My god. He always could twist you round his little finger. 'Morning, May. -Morning, Rosemary. Any news of Marcia? -No, she was still sleeping when we called on her. -Well at least she's not thinking about Jeremy while she's asleep. -Oh it's very sad, isn't it? And she's had so much sadness in her life. She lost her first husband too, you know-- -No. -Car accident in France. Awful business. -Oh-- some people have such bad luck. -Oh my goodness. -Bloody hell. Oh well this is awful. Do you get many vandals in the gardens? -No, not at all-- the gardens are locked all the time, and-- and certain people make a point of keeping an eye on things. -We seem to have been vandalized, mr. Elliott. -My god. It's just one thing after another. First Jeremy Pearson, and now this. -Well at least you won't be worried by Jeremy's light anymore. -Well there's no need to use that tone. -Sorry-- I just think you should show a little more concern, that's all. -Don't tell me how to behave. And dead or not, Pearson's light was on yet again last night. -Lucky we hadn't started planting, or those vandals could have done some real damage. -Vandals, or vandal? Singular? -Do I detect a theory coming on? -I was just thinking. Vogel was really cheesed off about the work that we were doing here, and he was probably in the garden when Jeremy was killed yesterday. -You don't think he had anything to do with it, do you? -Well-- Just thinking. -Yeah, but that mr. Elliott-- he was out here, too. I mean, he had a real old go at Jeremy earlier-- -that doesn't mean he wanted him dead. -No. -Ah, well. Makes you wonder though, doesn't it? -Have a cup of tea and budge up. -Oh-- what's this? Are we out of biscuits? -That is a smooth ink cap. And there's something very interesting about it. -Really? What? -I don't know. I can't remember. Wish I could. Beginning to annoy me. Drinking sherry out of a red plastic bucket? Such sophistication. -As if I would drink out of a bucket. -Laura. What are you doing? -I am drinking sherry. And then I'm going to pop this beat abuse tablet from the bottle you found in Marcia's bathroom cabinet, And see what happens. -Are you crazy? -Relax. It's not going to kill me. - No, I think that-- I don't mind about that. I don't want you throwing up all over the bedroom carpet. Very unattractive. Anyway, these are five years out of date. -Might still work. -No, no-- That's not the point. Anyway if you were Jeremy, and you were trying to kick the bottle again, at least you'd go and get a fresh prescription, wouldn't you? I suppose so. But, if it wasn't the beat abuse that killed him, what was it? And why did he take whatever it was? -More to the point-- was he aware that he was taking whatever it was? Is that you, mr. Elliott? -Are you sure it was him? -No, I'm not sure. I'm just saying it could've been mr. Elliott. -Oh I don't believe it, I don't bloody well believe it-- -I know. You don't have to believe it. I'm only saying-- -no, look-- No, not again. After all that work. What's going on, Laura? - I wish I knew. -What goes there? Return of the vandals, eh? -Were you out star gazing last night, mr. Elliott? -Indeed I was. Watching a partial lunar eclipse, in perfect, wonderful darkness. -Bully for you. -It has to be someone in one of these houses. We locked the gate-- no one could have got in there. -Time to bring out the big guns, I think. If the vandal comes back tonight, I'll be waiting for him. Don't worry, ladies. I know jujitsu. Your flowers are in good hands. -Action man. -I think I know who did this. Who? -My husband Ronnie. -May. Ronnie's dead. -Yes, I know. But I believe that when you die, your souls just creep into the next room and watch what you're doing here on earth. Ronnie didn't approve of idolatry when he was alive. Maybe he objects to all this. -Oh, how can he object to you commemorating your love for him? -Well-- I'll see you girls later. - Do you get the feeling she's not telling us something? -Distinctly. Right. She's had time to think over what I said. -Hello, Julia. You know, I've never met Laura's ex, but the more I know about him, the less I like him. -I never talk to him. -No mind. -Not nearly good enough for Laura. -No. How's Marcia? -Oh, she seems a little better. -May was saying that she lost her first husband, too. -In France. He drove his car off the road. I came to tell you that, um-- an estate agent will be popping in to give evaluation. -You're selling the house? -Well, it seems the right time. Marcia's going, and it's far too big for me. -You're very, very good. -Nice if I'd been able to get my degree. I was all set for my finals, and then wham-- my family implodes. Didn't exactly help, you know. -Wasn't much fun for me, either. Life gets messy, Helena. We just have to get through it as best we can. Look-- I would like us to be friends. But I'm not going to beg. You know how I feel. Now it's up to you. -Mom? -Dad told me you and harry french had been-- you know. -What-- that it? Me and old halitosis harry? Give me a bit of credit. No. I did go and see him, but just to find out what your father was up to. -And he used that to try 'n poison things between us. -Well, wouldn't've been difficult. We haven't exactly been close the last couple of years. -Been a bit not myself, I guess. Izzy says I've been selfish. It's true, isn't it? How did you meet Izzy? -He was painting. -What, canvas? -No. On walls. Julia had the place done from top to bottom. He was there for weeks. It's huge. -What, she's only got two floors. -No. Julia owns the whole house. And I never knew that. -And now she's selling it. Having had it completely redecorated. Makes you wonder. -What? -Well, it's almost as if she knew that Jeremy and Marcia were going, and planning it, perhaps. Look, I don't mean to be rude, but-- how well do you know her? -Well, we were really good friends for years when we were young, but-- well we lost track for a while. She's been wonderful with Helena since nick and I have been going through the wringer. You don't seriously think she had anything to do with that poor chap's death, do you? -No, but she knew about his drinking, and she had access to the flat and the beat abuse. -Oh, but why on earth would she want him dead? -To sell the house for a great deal of money. -No. No, if there's any foul play involved, it's to do with Elliott. He and Jeremy were daggers drawn. -You don't kill somebody over a piffling security light. -Men have died for less. -There's the estate agent, about the house. Call me an old fusspot if you will. But I just hate it when people leave gates open. -You're an old fusspot. -That's it. -What? -That's the noise I've been hearing at night. This gate-- opening and closing. -Opening and closing. That might've been why the light kept going on. Somebody was coming through here, and setting it off. Oh, look. Another smooth ink cap. -Have you remembered what it was you forgot about smooth ink caps? -No. But I know it was important. Fungus Ferguson. -What? Who? -My old mycology professor. I may be some time. Carry on as if I'm not here. -Laura? What're you doing? -Just admiring the garden. Very pretty. Good selling point. Oh dear. -I've just been to the place you found Jeremy. They say it helps. But it doesn't. Not really. -Laura. Hi. I just wanted to give this to mrs. Pearson. It's the estimate for the catering. I'm having a few people back after Jeremy's funeral. -I work at the 24- hour deli at notting hell gate. Just give the manager a ring. He'll sort everything out for you. -Thank you. So kind. -I'm just on my way to see Helena. -I'm so pleased that you've made up. -Oh, me, too. I want to see that sculpture again. I had no idea she was so talented. She says sculpting is all about uncovering. As-- as you work, what's hidden inside the raw material Gradually reveals itself. Just like being a detective. -Hello. I brought your mother. -Hi. -And she wants an update on the sculpture. -Thanks for helping Marcia. She needs it. -Right. See you later. -Ok. -He's lovely. How long have you been together? -Four months, three weeks, and two days. -Not that I've been counting. Must be cozy, the two of you in that tiny bedsit. -We don't live together, mom. We're not quite at that stage yet. -Sounds as if you wish you were. -Hurry up. I know. I've decided. I'm going to mount a vigil tonight. And if the vandal returns, I am going to nab the bugger. -What if he turns violent? -Well that's a chance I just have to take. Something's got to be done. Think about it. This vandal is being disrespectful to the memory of my darling Ronnie. -Well, in that case, count me in. -Me, too. If that's ok. -This is the college's best claret. Now tell me-- What've you got to say about this? Caprinus atramentarius. Smooth ink cap. Mm-- decent example. Where from? -A garden in notting hill. -Quite surprising. I thought the season was between june and november. -Yes, but these things can pop up at any time, if the conditions suit. -There is something unusual about it, isn't there? -I mean, it's driving me mad. -I'm assuming perfectly harmless. Happily. A little bland au naturel, but quite good in a casserole, with a good dollop of cream. Nothing else? -There is another thing. -I, I knew it-- I knew it. What is it? -Have a drum roll. And I'll tell you. - This was Ronnie's tent hat. -British army, standard issue. -He wore it to Normandy. -At the landings. -No, dear. To keep the sun off his head last time we were on holiday. Got a bit eccentric in old age, but I loved him. -Well I'm glad you're wearing it. There's no sense in taking chances. -What's that? -Over there-- no, the other way-- -Rosemary-- -Speaking. Whew, you certainly had a good evening. -All in the pursuit of knowledge. Fungus-- Helena? Look-- -Someone else. -Henry. -I've done nothing. -How can you call killing a man nothing? -I didn't kill him. Dug up your precious flowers, that's all. But I didn't touch Elliott. I'd no reason to. -I don't believe you. -I don't care whether you believe me or not. I wrecked a few plants, that's all. Look-- I'd just done one end, and I was on my way to harrow when I found him. Dead. -But you were standing over him with a bloody great spade raised above your head. -I was scared. The killer could've still been around, for all I knew. -These officers would like to talk to you. You're all just wasting your time. -Well then why did you keep wrecking the work we were doing? -Because her precious saintly rummy was really just a cheating, conniving rat. -That was a long time ago. -Not to me, may. Not to me. -I owe you all an explanation. -Go on. -At the age of nineteen, I was engaged to be married. My fiance and I set a date, and booked the church. Two weeks before the wedding, I went to meet the caterer. And fell hook, line and sinker for him. -Love at first sight. -And every sight until the day he died. The caterer was Ronnie. And my fiance was henry. He's never got over it, poor thing. He's loved me hopelessly for 50 years. -How romantic. 50 Years. It's unbelievable. -There's one thing I've learned about love. -And that is? -That I know nothing whatever about it. Comes in all shapes and sizes. Lands on you like a snowflake, and melts away to nothing. Drops on you from great heights, and sticks like glue. You never know when it's gonna come, or what sort you're gonna get. -What sort did you get with dad? -The sort that's like being dumped on by a passing pigeon. Messy, and bloody hard to shift. -Just hope I've got the best sort. -Me, too. -This is me. I thought you'd gone home. -And I came back. Sit down. I've learned something very interesting about mr. Elliott. -Apparently we were rather hasty in blaming henry vogel. -Really. -The guys outside say his spade was clean. No blood, hair, nothing. Plus, the injuries don't match up. They reckon it was something hard and blunt. -Well, if he didn't, who else could've done it? -That I can't answer. But it certainly wasn't vogel. -Mr. Elliott didn't bash himself to death. -That's for sure. Right. Now I am going. -Oh good. You can give me a lift to notting hill gate. -It's the middle of the night. -I know. Want to fetch something for your sister. -What? -Izzy. She needs company. -Ok, mom. Night. -Night, Matt. That was quick. -I've just seen Laura. She told me about Elliott-- I-- I can't believe it. -Well you certainly chose a good night to go out. -I was having dinner with friends in hampstead. What an awful business. -Shocking. How was dinner? -What? Oh, well-- Very nice. I'm thinking of moving to highgate. I thought it was hampstead. -Well, they're very close, [inaudible]. These people live right on the border. -Right. Well, uh, um, I'm off to bed. 'Night. Laura-- Thank god. -What are you doing? Were you hiding behind the door? -I--I didn't know who it was, sorry, sorry. But, but-- I do know now the thing that I'd forgotten. About smooth ink caps. -Oh-- your old professor gave you the answer. -Yes. After a rather nice bottle of claret. -Ah, the sacrifices one has to go to in The pursuit of knowledge. What was it? -Rather spiffy ... Sorry. -Rosemary, just now, behind the door, who did you think I was? -Julia. -You still suspect her? -D'you know differently? -Ahh--i do now. Right, i, um-- borrowed these from Julia. Come on. You can tell me what Fungus Ferguson said on the way down. -Oh my god. Izzy. -That's who's been using the garden gate. -Better call the boys in blue. -What the hell are you two doing? Izzy-- -I don't know where you think you're going, but you won't get far-- -Oh, please. Be hours before you're found. By which time we'll be miles away. -Doesn't matter how far you go. They know you killed Elliott. -I didn't mean to. He grabbed me. I-- I lashed out and caught him with this. -Murdered him, you mean. -No, it was an accident. Sort of. -An accident? Well, Jeremy wasn't an accident, was it? How long were you planning that, Marcia? -You don't know anything. -I know he was a recovering alcoholic. I know that smooth ink caps have the strange characteristic of mimicking the effects of beat abuse. -Tell me, how did you get him to eat them? -Mushroom soup. Why? Do you want the recipe? -No, thank you. But I'm sure the police would be interested. -So you feed him the ink caps. And then you fix his water bottle, so that when he goes running, he takes a swig and gets a mouth full of vodka. Which triggers a heart attack. -He never really loved me. He was only ever interested in my money. This was the insurance payout from hubby number one, I presume? After the car accident-- if it was an accident. -Did you know about all this, Izzy? -Marcia and I have no secrets. It's time we went-- -Not yet. -What? -We can't just leave them. -Are you sure you're up to this, Izzy? -Well of course he is. Well he's murdered once already, haven't you? I mean, what's the difference? -Don't listen to them-- -I didn't murder him. It was-- -Go on. -You-- You might have got away with it. If you'd covered your tracks better. These wood chips are from Helena's sculpture. I found them between the garden at number 75, and this one. Look at your shoes. -What? -Look at your shoes. -You left a trail, you fool. But come on, just get on with it. Let's get going-- Three deaths, Izzy? Are you sure you want to be part of this? -That's what I'd like to know. Dammit-- -Julia-- -The upstairs door was open-- I heard everything they said. I called Matthew. -I was down the road at Helena's office. I went back when you told me she needed comfort. -I can't believe it. Marcia. How lovely to see you-- -it's lovely-- -isn't it beautiful? -It's so nice to see every everybody. Isn't it? Thanks, darling. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you, Rosemary and Laura, for the wonderful floral designs, that will grace these gardens for many years to come. I hope they remind us that love is the enduring thing that unites us all. Orpheus doubted, turned, and lost the love of his life. Let's try not to make the same mistake ourselves. Now, I take great pleasure in announcing-- -hang on, may-- beautiful as the new area is, I thought it needed a finishing touch. I hope you all like it. -Has it a name? Love and hope. And it's dedicated to a very special woman. My mom. -Well I think it's wonderful. Ladies and gentlemen-- Love and hope. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 