Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e17 - Jedi Mind Tricks - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 17 - Jedi Mind Tricks - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - From the Penn & Teller Theater in Las Vegas, Nevada, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan. - Welcome to "Fool Us." While the world has changed so much, some things remain the same. There are still magicians from all over the world who want to try and fool two of the greatest minds in magic. So, from inside the "Fool Us" bubble in Las Vegas, we are thrilled to get the show started. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But we can't do that without our magic men of the hour, Penn and Teller! Penn and Teller reward any magician that fools them with a Fool Us trophy and a trip to Vegas to perform in their world-famous magic show. Here is tonight's first magician. - Hi, I'm Chris Capehart, 70 years young from Philadelphia. My first job I worked in the mailroom of a law firm. While I was delivering a package in Harlem, a poster for the circus caught my eye. It had the first Black magician I've ever seen. Up until that point, I didn't know there was Black magicians, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and that day changed my life. So I quit my job, and I've been a magician for almost 50 years now. I think of myself as a triple threat. I do stage magic, close-up magic. I even teach magic. Maybe magic grabbed me because I grew up as a Jehovah's Witness. My folks were very strict. I wasn't even allowed toys as a kid. I've been making up for that ever since. I got trains, planes, drones. Magic to me is everything. And I hope I get to fool two of my favorite magicians, Penn and Teller. - Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Chris Capehart. - Hey, how's everybody? Looking good, looking good. You know a lot about me already, but there's some things you don't know about me, and one of them, when I was a teenager, I got my first money by doing a magic trick for a university where I saw an advertisement for paranormal phenomena. I had to prove that I had powers of the mind. And if you proved you actually had the power, they'd give you $500. Well, look, I needed $500. So I figured I'd go down there and show them something that maybe they may not know. There's some silly tricks in the world that people don't always know about. So, let's do this. So I put the card here, like this. And, uh, I figured I step back a little bit and I just point. Ah, that made them sit up and take notice. But I figured at this point in time, I better really give it to them. So I looked at them with my best Jedi look, and I went. Oh, that convinced them. Then I said, you know what, if I'm going to win the $500, I gotta get deeper. So, I got deeper. In my attic, I knew I had a lamp. Here, this old lamp. And I figured, let's do something with the light bulb. Okay? It's just a lamp, as you can see. It's just a lamp. We can just turn on, let's unscrew it. Okay, we won't need the lamp. Let's use the light bulb. Now, here's where it gets crazy. Watch this. I had a vase like this one. I took the light bulb in here, and then I screwed it. - Oh! - Oh! - It freaked me out, okay? I got... and look, look, look. And then sometime, I can put it in here... Here, look. I know, it's amazing. You should get one of these. They're a lot of fun. Let's take it a step further than that. I really, really wanted that $500, so I had to come up with something that maybe even I couldn't explain. So one of their biggest tests to see if you had magic of the mind was to take a balloon and put it inside of another balloon. Okay? Blow the balloon up. Now, the inside balloon had to be so you can see it. I used a see-through balloon on the outside. Now, there you go. And that's a lot of work. I don't do balloon animals, so don't expect it. Okay? Now, I know. But here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to tie this into a knot, and then there's the inside balloon. Now the outside balloon is see-through so that you can see the inside balloon, of course. Now, let's hope this works. And, uh... there we go. Now, you can definitely see that balloon, and you can see I can't touch that balloon, right? So I can't touch that balloon, it's a given that it's there. Now, my job next, then, is to use magic of the mind because I really want the $500, okay? Very important. So, you can see that. My job was to hold the balloon like this and concentrate on it. Just concentrate. Oh! And I got $500. And now, I can afford these shoes. Take care, guys. - Chris Capehart! - Thank you. You've been in magic for so long, you must know everything there is to know about it. - Ah, no one's gonna know, everything, but I know a fair bit. But I started off working on the streets with these guys. - So how important is magic to you? - Oh, saved my life. - Really? - I would have been something, I grew up in, you know, the ghetto, and I woulda been running with a bad group of people, and magic changed that whole thing. - Aw. - Oh, yes. I had all my children are under the magic banner, it was great, and everything. Everything I've ever done is magic. I mean, I got the shoes. - Plus, the shoes. - I got the shoes! - Hey! That's so cool. Do you have any advice for young people getting into magic? - Oh, yeah, definitely. If you wanna do it as a hobby, then it doesn't matter what you do. If you wanna do it for a living, ah, it's a whole new ball game. - Mm! - You gotta find something unique about you. You got a personality, I don't care what you look like, you got a personality, let it come out. - Well, that's good advice just in general across the board. - There's always a performer in everybody, you just gotta find out what it is. - Yeah. - That's it. - All right Chris, let's see if your mental magic earns you a trophy. - All right! Let's see. - Gentlemen. - Chris... - Yes. - It's been a long time, huh? - And I look good. - You look good. You know, we've been, uh, watching you do magic as long as we've been watching each other do magic. - That's right. - Streets of Philadelphia. - The streets of Philadelphia. - '76, '75. - Head House Square. - Walking up, whistling to frat boys, slapping them in the face and having coins fall out of their nose. And then turned around... - Okay, enough information. - Laughed, and gave me money. One of the greatest street performers I've ever seen in my life. - Thank you, I appreciate it. - We watched you probably a hundred times back then, and boy, Chris, I miss those days. Don't you? - And I thank you for letting me work on your corner. - Which puts you at a disadvantage on this show, because we know a little more about ya. Magicians, we know too much, it hurts 'em a little bit. - That's all right. - And the card trick, you didn't expect to fool us. - No. Didn't expect to fool us. - You knew that. - We knew that one right away. You didn't expect to fool us with the light bulb. - No. - So the only thing it comes down to is you and your stupid balloon. - That's right. - So we're gonna make a deal with you, Chris. - Okay, deal. - Teller loves your shoes. - He does? - We're gonna take a guess here. If we are right, Teller gets the shoes. You walk off the stage in your stocking feet. I know you're a betting man. You're gonna walk off the stage in your stocking feet. Teller's gonna get those shoes. If we are wrong... - I gotta respect that. You're going to walk off stage with your shoes and a trophy. We got that deal? - It's a deal. - Wow. - We think... the outer balloon has a little pin in it, and you jostle it a little bit, or drop that pin, - Ah... - And get that to break the inner balloon. - Wow. - So you gonna take your shoes off? - No, 'cause you're wrong. - You get to keep your shoes! - I keep my shoes! - You get to keep your shoes. - You keep your shoes. - Yay! - Oh, yeah, this is great. - Oh goody, and you get to keep your shoes. - You guys have been fantastic. Ha ha ha ha ha! You guys have been great, man. You got your feet ready. You guys have been fun. Thank you so much for this. Thank you. - 45 years in common, Chris. 45 years in common. - Whoo! Penn and Teller just gave away a Fool Us trophy, and the night is still young. They might be handing out another when we come back. - Welcome back. Where in the world does our next act come from? Let's find out. - Let's take a trip to China and take in the epic magic of Yan Yan Ma. - Yan Yan Ma! Wow! That was incredible. - You like? - You're incredible at ballet, you're incredible at magic. I would imagine any little girl watching you would want to be able to do what you can do. Have you inspired other young woman to go into magic? - Yes, I think many girl look at my performance, they want to do some dancing with magic too. - So, you come from a magic family. What did your family teach you about magic? - My mother teach me everything about magic. Every detail, and how to perform and everything. - Have you always wanted to follow in her footsteps? - Yeah. - All right. Let's check in with Penn and Teller and see if they know how you did your trick. Penn, Teller! - Wow! Yan Yan, what an act. What an act. This won't translate, I'm sure, but there was a -ton of effects there. Just a zillion effects. I guess if you have the kind of stamina, willpower, and skill and grace to do ballet, then doing the magic manipulation is the same kind of thing. You do that stuff more beautifully than anyone I've ever seen. - Thank you. - You know, it's a manipulation act, and those are really hard to do in an interesting way, and you really do them in such an interesting way. Magicians for years have taken the tuxedo, that looks like it's fairly formfitting, and found ways for people to take that for granted, and then steal huge amounts of stuff out of it. You've got a ballet outfit that it looks like you couldn't hide anything in it. And yet, you hide, as far as I can tell, everything in the world in there. So good and so wonderful and so beautiful, and such a new idea. I mean, that whole act done in a tux, would be breathtaking. Done in a tutu is a whole different level. You do every move in the book, and unfortunately, we've read that book. It's a wonderful, beautiful act, and I do not think you fooled us. But I wish ya had, because we would love to see you in Vegas. It's such a beautiful act. - Thank you, you too. - Do you agree, they know how your trick worked? - Yes. - Aw. - It's beautiful. - Well, thank you so much. It was such a pleasure. Yan Yan Ma! - So beautiful, so beautiful. - Thank you! We'll be right back with another amazing magician, so stay close. - Welcome back to "Fool Us," home of the best magicians on TV, like this one. - Hi, my name is Topas. I come from Stuttgart, Germany. I started as a manipulator. So I love doing sleight-of-hand magic. Later, I started to do big illusions. I try all kinds of magic. I believe you don't have to do classics of magic till the end of time. It's possible to invent your own classics. My next step was becoming a stand-up comedian. Now, you may think it's impossible to do comedy if you're German, but it is possible, and I really love it to get a connection to my audience this way. Penn, Teller, you've inspired me for a long time now. This moment is my turn to show you something you may have never seen before. - Joining us from Germany, say guten Tag to Topas! - Aloha. I come to you from Germany, but I would like to show you a magic trick I call The Hawaiian Wonder. There's two objects which play an important part here... A glass... and a paper tube. Well, Penn and Teller, if you would be here with me, I would give you these two objects for inspection, and you would find them completely ordinary. I have someone with me who will confirm this. Hi, what is your name? - Hi, Mala. - Hi Mala. Please, is this an ordinary paper tube? - Seems ordinary to me. - Just paper? - Yep. - And a glass? - Okay, all right. - Normal glass? - Normal glass. - I take the glass... come to me. And I put the paper tube on top of the glass. No funny business here. And who would you trust more than a German conjurer? Please, come to the center. - Yep. - Now, you may wonder why this is called The Hawaiian Wonder. Well, it's not just because of my... lei. Don't worry, you get one too. This is for you. Your costume for tonight. But this is really all about these four real Hawaiian oranges. Please pick one of the oranges, any one you like. - I like that one. - You sure? - Yes. - Okay. We put it up on a little pedestal... a little higher so it feels like Hawaiian royalty. And these are real oranges. Yeah, let me cut them open. To show them to you, real oranges. Yeah, real Hawaiian oranges... made in Germany. All of them very juicy. Now, I need your help to make the Hawaiian magic happen. Please, come to the center. Watch. You know this music? Do a Hawaiian dance. Like this. - Okay. - Perfect, it's actually better than mine. And now, in your mind... yeah, yeah, yeah. In your mind, take the orange and lift it. Lift it, higher and higher... exactly. And make it go to the other side. All the way and land in the glass. Eh, that's enough. - Still there. - I know it's... Yes, it's still here. You may think the trick has gone wrong, but actually... no one has touched your chosen orange, is that right? But look. Now... - Oh! - Ooh! - It's empty. Only the skin's left. Wait, wait, wait. Please, go to the paper tube and slowly lift it. Lift it very slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, slowly, lift it, lift it, lift it, lift it. It has magically flown through the air and juiced itself in the glass. And if this is not enough juice, well, you can actually try it, try it. Take a sip of the Hawaiian nectar. Is it nice? - It's tasty. - And if it's not enough juice... - Thank you. - Please, keep this as a gift, and thank you very much for your help. - Thanks a lot. - Thank you. - And this is The Hawaiian Wonder. - Topas! Hello! - Hello. - Is, uh, Germany known for its orange juice? - Not exactly. No, no. - Now, if you go to Hawaii, what kind of tricks would you do there? Would you, uh, you know, produce, like, pretzels? Yeah, yeah. Of course. In Hiddenhausen, I would produce pretzels and probably beer, I guess. - So what were you like as a kid, Topas? Was this something you always knew you wanted to do? - Yes. You know, I saw a Spaghetti Western where somebody was shuffling cards in a saloon and I thought oh, my God, I have to learn this. And later, I found out that they played, uh, the movie backwards, so cards were flying from one hand to the other, and no matter how hard I tried, I could never duplicate that. - Aw... And I understand you met your wife through magic? - Exactly. Complete coincidence. We met, uh, in a drama club. We're high school sweethearts, so to speak. - Oh, that's so sweet. - And then only later we found out that the both of us like magic. - Okay, Topas. Let's see if Penn and Teller figured it out. - Well, Topas, you know, um, first thing I said was that's just the greatest act ever. I just love it. And that kind of comedy that's right there in the middle of self-parody, coupled with an enjoyment of doing it, is so hard to do. It can get smarmy so easy. And you were just perfect. I mean, your magic was wonderful, and the comedy might have been even better. They're just both top-notch, loved every single bit of it. And now, uh, we're put in a very awkward position. And we're about to take a couple of guesses, and we are sincerely hoping we're wrong. Because we wanna give you a trophy, and we want you to come to Vegas. So, here we go. It was interesting because it was a team effort. So we'll go with mine first because mine is so, uh, incredibly filthy. And that is, I think... - Whoa! - You got lucky with an orange. And we saw the best possible case of how that could have gone, and you're the kinda guy with your smiling, round head, who could get lucky with an orange. That's what I'm thinking about. Now, Teller, for his side of this, Teller, he's seen wonderful German engineering, and he thinks that you are capable of, uh, that that smile and that light and that low-tech way involves some German engineering. So, I'm thinking to get lucky with oranges, Teller thinks German engineering, and we are hoping, hoping that we are wrong. - So, Topas, do they know how you did your trick? - I think they have a very, very good idea, yes. - Aw! - Damn it! Damn it, damn it! Damn! We'll see you next time. You're still gonna come over here at some point. - Yes, well, thank you so much. Topas! We're taking a quick break, you'll see more magic, including a Penn and Teller finale when "Fool Us" returns. [jazz music - Welcome back. Like everyone else, our next act wants a Fool Us trophy. Let's see if they can pull it off. - We're a true husband-and-wife magic team, but if you ask which came first, I guess I fell in love with Jason and then I fell in love with magic. Do you agree? Okay! - I agree, yes. I fell love with magic when I was a little kid. My dad and I were on vacation, and this guy came up to us. He reached behind my ear and pulled out a coin. The magic wasn't what blew me away. It was someone making something from nothing. - I was introduced to magic through my older brother. He would always try out all his tricks on me. It was good preparation for married life. - Stacy is the one who can predict the responses of the audience. - Well, I do have a Masters degree in psychology, and it comes in handy. But it still feels weird to me when I say out loud that I do magic for a living. How did we get here anyway? - Well, Stacy, as you know, there's a story that goes with that. - Mm-hmm. See you on stage? - See you on stage. - Say hello to Cleveland's finest, Jason and Stacy Alan. - Have you ever shared an experience with someone so profound that even years later, you remember every little detail? We have. It was the night we met. - So, I remember it like it was yesterday. It was an incredibly hot night. - Babe, we met in November. - We did, didn't we? - We did. - By hot, I mean... a balmy 35 degrees? - Sure. - I'd just finished performing for an amazing group of people, and wanted to celebrate. So I went to a bar to, you know, meet some friends. I showed up late and got a drink. They're always late. So I pulled out a deck of cards to help, you know, pass the time. - Pass the time? He was hitting on the bartender. - She was a fan of magic? - Okay. - Anyways, I was in the zone nailing every trick. If I'm being honest, I think it was because of my lucky white shirt. I always wear it with this jacket. - I thought your shirt was black that night. - Was it? - Oh! - It was, wasn't it. - It was. Do you even remember our story? - Yeah, I'm getting to the best part. - Okay. - To the best part. The best part was when she walked in. We immediately hit it off. She said she liked my smile, and the rest... the rest is history. And that's the story of how I got her number. - What? That's your version of our story. - Did I... did I forget something? - You left out a ton. I mean, you didn't even tell them the part about the card trick. - The card trick? The card trick. I... I didn't mention that, did I? - No, you didn't. Let me tell the story. This is how remember it. I walked into the bar, and I immediately noticed Jason. I mean, how could you not? He was a grown man using magic to pick up women. - I promise I was just trying to get a drink. - Whatever he was doing, it seemed a little desperate. But, he's cute. And I was single and almost 30, so I thought, why not? I walked right up to him and I said, "I like magic." - - So I was the desperate one in this story? - Not important. What's important is what you said next, because it was so bizarre. Do you remember? - I said... "I have a message from our future. One day this will all make sense." Penn, will you help me with a magic trick? - "A message from our future." Who says that?? And Penn... what did Penn have to do with anything? At the time, I had no idea. And it never really made any sense to me. Until now. - Because this... this is our future. - And that's Penn. - Right, that we should show them our magic trick. - We should. Penn, Teller, so nice to meet you. - Good to see you. - Penn, would you mind helping us tell the rest of our story? - I'll do my best. - Wonderful. Jason will turn around. We don't want him to see the card. Now, he had me take a card. So, Penn, I'm gonna show you a bunch of cards, and whenever you say stop, that's the card we'll use. Here we go. - Stop. - Right here? - Yeah. - Good. Don't forget it. Then he had me, um... he had me, uh... - Write the time. - That's it. He had me write the time on the card. He said it would etch this moment in our minds forever. So, for tonight's version, Penn, name a random time. 4:37. 4:37. 4:37. Good. Now, back to our story. There I was, doing magic with this guy that I'd just met in a bar full of people. Seems normal, right? - Uh, uh, uh. It sounds weird when you say it like that. - Oh, it gets weirder. No lie, he reached behind his back and he pulled out this giant card... A giant card that said... - Prediction. - And then he asked me... - If the name of your card is written in here, can I have your number? - Now, there is no way he saw my card. So of course I said yes. And I put him to the test. Then, he did this. Yeah, I know. I was disappointed too. And he could tell. That's when he stepped up his game and went all David Blaine on me. And the card I was holding, it started to do something weird. First, the ink completely disappeared. I honestly had no idea what was going on. I thought I was losing my mind. And when I looked again, my card... was gone. - Oh! - What just happened? I looked at Jason for the answer, but all he could do was smile. - Oh! - Oh! - My card was in his mouth. With the exact time on it. - Oh! - And that's the whole story of how we met. - Jason and Stacy Alan! That's very elaborate. Do you tell that story a lot? - We do... - We do get asked a lot how we met, if it was magical or not. - And how long have you guys been together? - So, ten years. - Yeah, next month will be ten years we've been together. We've been married eight. - Aw. And is it hard to mix love and work? - Uh... how do I answer this? - Yeah, I mean, we get along very well. We're lucky we have a really good relationship and we're really good friends, but it is difficult sometimes working together and living together all the time. - Yes. - Yeah. I think it's perfect. That was the right answer. - Good answer, good answer. Yeah, it's so clear you guys are such a great team. - Ah, thank you so much. - Thank you. - Yeah, it really works. All right, it's time to see if Penn and Teller figured out how you did your trick. All right, Penn, Teller. - Jason, Stacy, that's really good. People try to tell stories in magic all the time, and this one seems maybe not literally a true story. It seems romantically true, wonderful. Wonderful little meet-cute that's put into a card trick. You also did something, you know, we have Teller not speaking, so when we have to get a card into his mouth, he, uh, he's just not talking. You justified a lot of things by having one of you talking... Like the way we work, which is one person talks, and the other person, uh, does things. I don't know how long ago it was you met, but it seems like you've got a wonderful relationship, you have your own code of how to work together and you had the whole thing where ya met in the bar. But you could've... could've been anywhere. Could've met in the bank, anywhere. And just the little touches, you know? The vanish of the card in your hand was just beautiful, and using the magic cause of the walking in front instead of a magic wand to turn the phone into a deck of cards. A lot of times two person acts don't really use both people, and you did that really beautifully. And we really loved it all the way through. And I think I snuck in a few things that might have given you some idea that we were privy to some of your machinations. - Absolutely. - Yes, I'd say so. - So, what do you think. Did they figure it out? - I think that they know what they're talking about. - We love you two, thank you so much for having us. - Thank you so much. - Thank you, thank you. - Oh, well, thank you so much. Jason and Stacy Alan! Has it been too long since you've seen Penn and Teller perform? Don't worry, the legendary duo will take the stage when we come back. - Welcome back to "Fool Us" where it is Penn and Teller's job to figure out other magicians' tricks, but some of their own best magic comes from when they try to fool each other, like this next trick. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Penn and Teller. - You know, it's true. We love doing magic. And sometimes when we haven't done shows for the public for a little while, we actually do magic for each other. Not necessarily to fool, but to impress, to show off, to give some ideas to kind of bounce off each other. So we're going to do that a little bit with a ball routine here. Teller says he's got something to show me. Show me! Nice! Nice, the ball moved across to the other hand. But that's not gonna fool me, because that's a standard trick that a lot of magicians do. It's usually done with the magician talking by counting to ten. I'll count to ten for you, just do it again. They'll wanna see it again. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Okay, now we've all seen that before. So, you said you had variations. So do a variation for me. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... oh, good... 7, 8, 9... 10! Putting the stuff in his hand! Brilliant. Very, very nice. Now do something else. Just something else. Just do something else. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9... 10. 11! It's in my hand! It's in my hand, Teller. That's great. Making it appear in my... Okay, you wanna... Got something else? Go ahead, do it. Go ahead, do it. Wow, that was something, though, appearing in my hand. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10... 11, 12. Wow! Now that was good. You're looking at me like it's my turn. Okay, I'll do something. Uh... okay. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9... 10! 11! That's amazing, Teller. 12! Pretty good. Pretty good. Now we're rocking. Now, Teller, I'm following this, no problem, but the audience might be able to follow it better with just one ball. Can you do it with one ball for me? Okay, good. There's one ball... No, Teller, I said to do it with one ball. Okay? Do, Teller, do it with one ball. One ball Teller, do it with one. Okay. Watch me. Here's the four balls I took from ya. And, uh, I have no idea at this point what I'm supposed to do, but I'll give it a try. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. What I do? What I do? - Oh! - What'd I do? What'd I do? I got all four of them. That's really great. What are you doing? That's mine. I got four, it comes over there just like that. Okay, three and three, we'll do something. You go I'll follow you. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31... no, naw, I saw. Okay, okay, stop. Okay. Good routine on a basic trick. You built on it nice, all your moves are nice and clean, but... you did not fool me. I mean, for me, it's just like... All right, we've run out of time for tonight, but trust me, you don't want to miss the next episode of "Fool Us." We'll see you soon. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 