Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e18 - Teller Gets Smashed - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 18 - Teller Gets Smashed - full transcript 
 Featured magicians include Jeki Yoo, Matthew Pomeroy, Natasha Lamb, Peter Wood and Lewis Starnes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - From the Penn & Teller Theater in Las Vegas, Nevada, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! [cheers and applause] - Welcome to "Fool Us," where nothing can stop us from doing what we do best, delivering TV's finest magic. Joining us from all over the world are four astounding entertainers 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 who have two jobs to do. First, dazzle us with an amazing performance, and second, try to successfully fool two of the greatest intellects of illusion. And here they are now, our Mensa men of magic, Penn and Teller! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Our first magician is hoping to take home a "Fool Us" trophy and a spot in Penn and Teller's Las Vegas show. Let's meet them now. [fireworks boom] [cheers and applause] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Give it up for the unique magic of Jeki Yoo. - Hi, Penn and Teller. - Hi. - Yeah, hi, Alyson. - Hi. - It's a pleasure to meet you guys, and now let's start. As you see, I have a deck of cards, and it's all different cards and well-mixed, right? - Yes. - Okay. I need your help. Please pick any card you want. Any card is okay. Just one. - Okay. This one. - This one? - Yes. - Okay. And please sign your name on the face of the card. - Okay. - Now I'm gonna show you a very mysterious teleportation phenomenon. It will be teleported. It will be teleported inside my left pocket. Oh, my. - [gasps] - Watch this. Okay. The process is very simple. I just put the card in the middle of the deck, and just count one, two, and three. That's it. Your card moved to my pants pocket. - Oh. - Would you like to see it? - Sure. - Please check. - Oh. I get to... okay. - Please check. - Oh, I don't know if this is COVID-friendly, but... - Yeah; is that your card? - That is. - Is that your signature? - Totally. Ah, that's neat. - [laughs] Thank you so much. Thank you. - Yeah. - All right. It's cool, right? - Very. - But it's not enough to fool Penn and Teller, so please, please pick two more cards. - Okay. - Any card is okay. - I'll do that one. - And one more. - Um... - Just one. One more. - I'll do this one. - Okay. This one? This one? - That one. - Okay. And please sign your name on the face of each card. - Okay. - And also please write Penn's name here and Teller's name here. - Oh, okay. - Yeah. And this means these cards are only one of their kind in the world. Thank you. - Should put Penn's name... - So now I have three signed cards. See? You signed. - Mm-hmm. - You signed. And now I put these cards in the middle of the deck one by one like this. And put it slowly. Now I show you something more surprising. You wanna see it? - Yes. - Do you remember when I was here at the start of this, there's one thing on this table. Do you remember what that one thing was? - The envelope. - The envelope. - Whew. - Yeah. It has been here since the beginning, right? - Yeah. - You all saw it. But see? You can hear the sound. Inside the envelope, there are one, two, three cards in there. But what I don't understand is the face of these cards. - No. - Please check one by one, slowly. - Okay. - Yeah. - Turn it all the way over? - Yeah. Is that your card? - Yes. - Right. And one more and one more. And the last one. - [gasps] - Right? - What? - Thank you so much. Thank you. - Oh, my. [laughs] - All right. Now I just put this... - There's more? - Yeah. Amazing. - Oh, my goodness. - Yeah. - Yeah. That's so cool. - Okay. I have one more thing. - Okay. - See? I have three signed cards. - Yeah. - And now I put these signed cards... I put these signed cards inside the envelope... - Yeah. - Like this. But it's gonna seem like I'm doing a bunch of different tricks, but I will show you. - Oh, hello. - They all connect one big miracle... Into one big miracle. All right. Now let's play a simple game. To play this game, we need a red aces. See? Here's one. And two. And between two red aces, this is ace of spades. - Oh. [applause] - And your job is just to find the ace of spades. And now it's right here on the top. Yeah? But I don't wanna make you confused, so... - It's long past that, but okay. - Yes; I don't wanna make you confused, so I use a sticker here. So please write your initials on the sticker. - Okay. - Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. - Okay. - And now I'll attach the sticker... I'll attach the sticker at the back of the ace of spades. And are you ready? - Uh-huh. I think so. - Okay. Watch this. One, two, three. First, second, and third. This is ace of spades. One and two. First, second, third. Where is the ace of spades? - Well, I think it's over there. - Yeah. Although there is a sticker on the card, yes, it's ace of spades. Good job. Yeah. It's easy, right? - Yeah, well, yes. - Let's do it again. See? One, and two, and three. First, second, third. Where is the ace of spades? - Right here. - Of course. That's right. But if I remove the sticker and attach it here... Oh, my... where is the ace of spades? - Right there? - Here? - No. Right there. - Here? But the ace of spades moved here. - What? - Yeah, the sticker has powers. So it can call the ace of spades. It's a special sticker. Let me show you another example. Look at here. Look at the envelope. I just attach the sticker right here. And please confirm this. Is this your signature? - Yes. - Watch this. As I rub like this, it disappears. Actually, it didn't disappear. If I open this envelope... oh, my... There are three signed cards in there. And is this your signature? - Yes. - This is yours, right? - Yes. - Yeah. - Yes. - As I told you, the sticker has power. But wait a minute. Did you remember what I said? If the sticker moves, what follows? - The card. - Yeah, the ace of spades, ace of hearts, and ace of diamonds. [applause] So if these are aces, what cards are on the table? The first, you signed card for Penn, and second, you signed, and third, you signed for Teller. Is it correct? - Yes. - Correct. Thank you. I'm Jeki Yoo. [cheers and applause] - Jeki Yoo! Wow. Oh, my goodness. - Thank you so much. - You must fool everyone with this trick. - Yeah, I hope so. Yeah. If I did it right, I think I can fool them. I don't know. - I think so. - Yeah. - And how many times would you say that you've performed this trick? - Yeah, actually, I stopped this act in... Five years ago, yeah, because I wanted to do some stage and more big stuff. - Oh, yeah? So which do you prefer, close-up magic or big magic? - Actually, I love close-up magic more. Yeah. - So then why'd you make the switch? - I met my wife. Actually, she's also a magician. - Aww. - Yeah, and she's doing stage magic, and I want to do something with her, so I switched it. - Aww. - Yeah. I think my first time in Vegas is 2014 to see Penn and Teller's show. Unforgettable moment in my life. - Aww. - So yeah. I always dreamed to be here again as a... yeah... magician, yeah. - And here you are. - Yes. I'm here. Yeah. - Okay. Well, let's find out if they know how you did your trick. - Okay. - Boys. - Jeki, what a great... what a great act. - Wow. Thank you. - What a great act. What great energy, and just a power house. And I gotta tell you, I don't want to give too much away here, but we followed you. We followed you really well. We were almost getting to the border of smug... - Yeah. - And then that sticker came in. - Yes. - And we know... where you're gonna put that sticker. - Yeah. - You're gonna put that sticker on your "Fool Us" trophy. - "Fool Us" trophy? - Yeah, that's where you'll put it. - Yes. Okay. - You fooled them! - What? - You fooled them. - Oh, my. - You fooled them! Yay! [cheers and applause] - Thank you so much! Yeah! - Yay. - Yes. - Congratulations. - Thank you so much. Thank you. - Oh. - Thank you so much. Thank you. - Jeki Yoo! - Thank you so much. Thank you. - Congratulations. - Bye. - Oh. [both laugh] Ah. We have our first Fooler in the house. Will Penn and Teller get fooled again? Come back and find out when "Fool Us" returns. ■ ■ [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [jazz music] ♪ ♪ - Welcome back. It's time for you to meet our next act. [fireworks boom] - My grandma is hugely important to me. She knows hundreds of card games, but only one card trick. - And this was the first trick that Matthew ever showed me. We met backstage at a show, and that was that. - Fast forward five and a half years, and we're getting engaged on stage in front of about 2,000 people. - We did. - We got engaged right after the magic carpet ride that flew over the audience's head. Our dream has always been to perform in Las Vegas, and the prize for this show is to be part of Penn and Teller's show. - We have been here in Las Vegas for 17 years. - And I've heard... just a rumor... That maybe people get married in Vegas as well. - A wedding and a honeymoon in Vegas? Sounds all right to me. We are definitely playing to win tonight. [cheers and applause] - Joining us from Durham, England, is magical couple Matthew Pomeroy and Natasha Lamb. - For us, magic is a playground for the impossible, a wonderful place full of unexplainable experiences. - So allow me to share an experience. It was 1995. I was six years old. It was my birthday. And it was the very first time I saw and felt magic. But for me, on that morning, it wasn't cards or coins. It wasn't ropes or rabbits. It was a square piece of plastic covered in stickers: a Rubik's cube. - The cube has 43 quintillion possible scrambles. And to put that into a visual perspective, it is the equivalent of covering the entire Earth with 300 layers of cubes. - I got the cube in the morning as a gift, a present. I spent the whole day shuffling and scrambling until I handed it to my grandma. And just before bed, she instantly solved it. And that was it... magic. The feeling of real magic. And tonight, I aim to give that feeling to all of you. But I begin with you. Hello, my friend. What's your name? - Joe. - Joe. Joe, I have a pen for you here, and I have one very simple job. Joe, I would like for you, if you don't mind, to sign that square. - Yeah. - Do it nice and neatly. Nice and clearly. And let me know when you've done that. Good work, Joe. Very artistic. Thank you so much. Now, Joe, I'm gonna show this to every single person at home. Lock and cement this in your mind just in case you see it later on. And, Joe, I have one more job for you. This one is far easier. I would like for you to mix, shuffle, and scramble the cube, and keep doing that until I come back to you. - Okay. - Whilst the cube is being mixed, allow me to share my favorite magical experience. Last Christmas, Matthew proposed to me live on stage. And as he got me this ring, I thought it was only fitting that I got him something in return. And what do you get your magician fiancé? - An impossible object. A Rubik's cube trapped and locked inside a jar. This really is one my favorite things in the entire world. And I'll show you it in just a couple of moments. Joe, a perfect job, my friend. Thank you so much for your help, and I'm gonna take it back. Thank you for helping. - Matthew and I are blessed to perform all around the world. And as we travel from place to place, country to country, I collect postcards along the way. And right now, we are being joined by another member of our audience. Thank you so much for joining me. What's your name? - Aidan. - Aidan, it's lovely to meet you. Now, Aidan, I have here postcards from all different places. For example, we have New York. We have Paris. We have Edinburgh and Las Vegas. Ooh, somewhere we would love to perform. And as you can see, they really are all completely different. And in a moment, Aidan, I am going to get for you to choose one of these at random. But just so you know they're not in any order. I'm going to give them a mix just like so. Okay. So I'm going to get you to say stop whenever you want. - Stop. - Okay. Would you like this one? Or you can have that one. - I'll stick. - You'll stick? - Yeah. - Okay. Let's see which card you chose. Ah. London. Lovely. Thank you very much. - So Tash collects postcards and I collect Rubik's cubes from all around the world. And I have some here. I've been using them to form a picture, a structure, and it's very nearly finished. Look. London. The exact city Aidan chose at random. Bearing in mind he could've chosen any other postcard, and I gave him the chance to change his mind. And as you can see, there is room for just one more cube. Is it possible? - Is it possible that somehow, someway, the cube that you mixed, shuffled, scrambled, and signed, the cube that sat on this table since the very start could maybe, potentially, possibly, fit inside that hole? Tash. - Yes? - What are the odds? The odds, Matthew, are 43 quintillion to one. - But in our world of magic, nothing is impossible. You see, if you look closely, not only is the picture perfect, but, Joe, I believe that is your signature right in the very center. - The joy of magic for us is providing unexplainable experiences. Tash, wait. I'm really sorry. Tash, look. I mean, I think there's one more memory. One more moment that we can share with everybody here. If you take out that cube, and if I retrieve the gift, the present that you gave me, I think an impossible coincidence has just happened here live tonight. I'll show you what I mean. Look. If we look very closely and very carefully you'll see... you'll all see... That this side matches perfectly. Not only that, if we turn it to the right, this side matches. We turn it again, that side matches. Hold your applause, please. Sit down. We'll turn it again, this side matches. In fact, the bottom matches. Even the top matches, and that is completely impossible. My name is Matthew Pomeroy. - My name is Natasha Lamb. - And together, we are... [together] A perfect match. - Matthew Pomeroy and Natasha Lamb. [cheers and applause] - Thank you for having us. - Oh, that was wonderful. - Thank you. - [laughs] - Do you guys actually wanna get married in Vegas? - Yes. - 100%. - Aww. - It was the thought plan and sort of it was what we spoke about way before we even knew about this show. And now that it could be a reality and a possibility, we would 100% get married in Vegas, yes. - Agh... so who do you want to marry you? Elvis or Penn and Teller? - Well, Penn and Teller would be perfect. I mean, if they're available, we are. So let's just... let's merge. - Yes. So, Natasha, I have to know, how did Matthew win your heart? - Well, Matthew brung his case around and he literally did a full theater show in the front living room. - Why not? - The whole thing. - That's awesome. So you wooed her for two hours with magic? - Yeah. I don't think it was wooing, but luckily Tash said yes. - Yeah. - Okay. It's time to go to the boys. Penn, Teller, how do you think they did it? - Matthew, Natasha, boy, not only is your act just loving and gentle and beautiful, but also very, very innovative magic. Lots of really, really clever thinking. But when you've got things that work out that perfectly, you know, things that are "quatrillion" chances of things. You know, when we're trying to say what are the chance of this what are the chance of that, we're forced to make, uh, decisions on how you might've done stuff. And I want to say that the selection of the cards, that looks like a brand-new thing. But I can just tell you that as a couple in this whole routine, you were not the only things that are attractive in this routine. There's other things that are attractive as well. And having the final thing... The London cube there spelled out... That was a whole different switch on the way you do that kind of final thing. And when that whole thing is put together, I will tell you, that the way the magic is done, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. I thought it all went together. I mean, there were a few things that were a little sticky for us, but we think we got most of it. But, man, there was a lot to work out. It was a beautiful thing and really a perfect match and we... boy, we had to put our heads together, but I think we got it. What do you guys think? - Well, it's an honor and a pleasure and a privilege to be on your show, and I think you've got us. - Okay, thank you. - Aww. - Thank you so much. Thanks. - Well, thank you so much. You guys were such a delight. - So good, so good. - Matthew Pomeroy and Natasha Lamb. - Thank you for having us. - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - Penn and Teller still have to battle more magicians and perform a trick of their own. We better give them a quick break. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Fool Us." One trophy has rained down from above. Is another Fooler in the forecast? Take a look. [fireworks boom] - My house is designed like a theme park. Every room has its own motif. My shows are a lot like that too. I pay a lot of attention to the details and the design. Over many years, I have scoured the world for magical devices that no one else has. The things that particular magicians used decades or even centuries ago that have been forgotten by time, I excavate them, blow the dust off, make them new. If I have a special power, it's mainly as a curator of lost things. And this is a trait I share with at least one other musician that I know of, and his name is Teller. So I wanted to bring something totally unique, and I believe I have. But extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, so Penn, Teller, you be the judge. [cheers and applause] - Give it up for Baltimore's best, Peter Wood! [applause] - I'm a collector of the impossible... Weird objects and bizarre artifacts with magical powers... And I brought along my latest piece. This is Sir Henry Willoughby, who possessed the gift of X-ray vision. Now, after Sir Willoughby's death, a few of his colleagues did something rather strange. They cut out his eyes. I don't mean on the guy's dead corpse. I mean on the painting. They cut out the eyes to see if the painting of Sir Willoughby shared any of his real-life X-ray abilities. Well, as soon as I acquired it, I did what any of you would do. I held it up to my face to see if it worked. And I looked at the wall. I thought it was working. Turns out it was just a window. But, I am on the hunt for a user who can unlock its X-ray powers, and tonight, I thought we should test it with Alyson. Would you join me over here please? Round of applause for Alyson Hannigan. [applause] It is so nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Can I give you these four envelopes, please? Take a look over them. Make sure that they're all identical on the outside. On the inside, I've placed four different colored pieces of cloth. One's red, one's yellow, one's green. And one of has a blue piece of cloth inside. But just looking at them, you can't tell which is which, right? - No. - All right; with any luck, that's where Sir Willoughby comes in. I'll take those back from you, please. Can you pick up the painting, please? Hold it up to your face, and give us all your best "shifty eyes in a haunted house" look. [laughter] All right, that's perfect. All right. Now focus your energy. Channel the power of Sir Willoughby. Look through the painting at this envelope. - Hm. - And I'm hoping that after a couple of moments, you start to get the feeling that it's either red or yellow or green or blue. When you get the feeling, let me know, and I'll put it in the matching clip. - Blue. - Blue. That was good. That was fast. All right. This might work. Let's take a look at this one. It might be green, might be yellow, might be red. Use the power of the painting. - Green. - Green. All right. And this is important. You're not reading any instructions on here, right? - No. - Or on the back of the painting? This is just coming to you, yeah? - No, yeah. - Okay. So green for this one. Take a look at this one. Might be yellow, might be red. What color do you think is inside there? - Hmm. Yellow. - Yellow. All right. Coincidently going down the line there, but it's just a coincidence, right? - Totally. - Okay, just fine. Now, that leaves red. If you look at that one and say, "It's red," perfect. But if you look at that one and think it's one of the other colors, I'm happy to trade with any other color. So do you like that for red or should we trade? - Hmm. Trade that for yellow, please. - Trade it for yellow. We'll swap like that. Do you like this one better for red or should we trade again? - Yes, thanks. - Better for red, okay. I believe Sir Willoughby's work is done. You can put him back on the easel over there. Thank you. All right. Here comes the fun part. If we tear this envelope open and there's a red piece of cloth inside matching the color that Alyson predicted, that tells me that there's some sort of connection between Alyson's eyes and Sir Willoughby's eyes. I'm actually just kind of curious if there's any sort of visual connection there. Let me see. Alyson is not nearly as cartoony or grumpy as Sir Willoughby is, but anyway. That's for you. So if Alyson tears that open and there's a red piece of cloth inside, that helps to justify the acquisition of the painting, right? But if Alyson tears that open and there's not a red piece of cloth inside, please politely still applaud her efforts, you know? And at the same time, I'm going to be looking for yellow. So I'm looking for yellow, and you're looking for red. On the count of three. You ready? - Uh-huh. - One, two, three. Tear it open. Reach inside. I'm looking for yellow. You're looking for red. There we go. Hold it out. - Whoo. - Yes. Awesome. All right. Throw it on the floor. Let's not get cocky. We still have two to go. Uh, I'm gonna give you one last chance. Would you like to trade envelopes? - No. - Okay. Now this is really interesting. If we tear these open and they're correct, I'm gonna lose it because that proves to me that I have found someone who can unlock the power of that painting. But, Alyson, if we tear these open and they're backwards from what you expect, you're gonna kick yourself forever that you didn't trade at the last minute. - Oh. - Last chance. How do you feel? - I'm still feeling okay. - You still... okay. That's fine. Tell you what. You can go green. That's for you. - Thank you. - And I'm gonna go blue. On the count of three. [exhales] Hope this works. I'm looking for blue. You're looking for green. You ready? - Uh-huh. - One, two, three. Tear it open. Reach inside. I'm looking for blue. You're looking for green. That's the blue. That's the green. That's Alyson. And that is Sir Willoughby's X-ray vision. - Peter Wood. - Thank you. - Yay. - Thank you so much. - Do I get to keep the painting? - Please. The fact that I found someone who it works with... We'll talk tour schedule. - So is Sir Willoughby a relative of yours? - No. Not that I know of, at least. - There's a little bit of a family resemblance. - I guess there is. Hopefully I'm not quite as grumpy looking as he is, but... [laughter] - Are you really a collector of odd things? - Yeah. I've got so much crazy stuff in my collection. I have a crate that holds a device that allegedly can transmit thoughts to people. - Hmm. - I have a rope that knows the alphabet. So a bunch of random things. - And your props are beautiful. Do you build them? - Yeah. I grew up with a really well stocked workshop. My dad is an amateur cabinetmaker. My whole family loves building things. And when I was a young person, I would go see props and I maybe couldn't afford them, but I was able to build them in my own shop. - Nice. You ready to check in with Penn and Teller? - Absolutely. I'm excited. - All right. Penn and Teller, how did he do it? - Peter, the first thing... the first two words Teller said when you finished was, "That's cool." We just really like it. What I really love about this is the first place you'll wanna go with this is some sort of technology stuff. All of us know the kind of technology you could do to get a similar effect. Not the same effect. And all of that is so jive. We're so sick of it. You could have done this act just like this 100 years ago, and it would have been just as good and it's great now. It's really nice. It's a simple, beautiful plot, and the method on it, we think, is very, very subtle. The method on it is actually three methods, and one of the methods is right on the tip of our tongue as we were getting the ideas, trying to say them to one another. But we just loved the routine... And also, and this is... I don't think we've ever said this before on the show... It was really, really enjoyable to do your thinking along with you to see this beautiful, subtle method. There's a lot of logic work to do. It's kind of a little bit like Sherlock Holmes thing to crack the mystery. We kind of think we did. I have a couple more things I could say to you in code, but if you think we're on the right track, I won't say anymore because I think you had a really good trick. - What do you think, Peter? Do they know how you worked your magic? - I think they do, yeah. - All right. Well, thank you so much. Peter Wood! - Thank you, guys. [cheers and applause] - Time for a quick break, and then we're back with more of TV's best magic. Stay close. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. You want more magic? You got it. Here's our next act. [fireworks boom] - My name is Lewis Starnes, and I'm from London. I studied history at university, but when I graduated, I thought, "What the hell am I gonna do with a history degree?" So I fell into advertising, and actually, it turns out that advertising is the perfect training ground for magic. As an advertising strategist, I've spent years hopefully becoming an expert on understanding consumers and the decisions they make. Little nudges to make sure they purchase the products I want to them to buy or hopefully maybe winning their hearts and minds and changing their opinions. You could say I've become a master predictor of people's actions. Penn and Teller, I've spent the last 15 years nudging people to buy certain products, and tonight, I'm hoping I can convince you to buy my routine. [cheers and applause] - Let's head out to jolly old England for the magic of Lewis Starnes. [cheers and applause] - I wish I could be there with you guys, but alas, I cannot. So I've done the next best thing. I've come to my local pub, and I've found a random stranger who looks a bit like you, Penn, and another helper over here who, quite frankly, looks nothing like Teller. So allow me to introduce this trick with the help of Not Penn and Definitely Not Teller. Thank you both for joining me. My day job is in marketing, so I get paid to know what people want even before they do. So you could say I can predict consumer behavior. And what's more basic consumer behavior than the weekly grocery shopping, right? Here I have the last 35 items of grocery shopping that my wife and I bought. We have pizza, bacon, eggs, sugar, white wine... you get the idea. Popcorn, tea, bottled water, bread. Not Penn, as I deal cards onto the table, whenever you like... And look... we have different things going by... orange juice... Just shout stop whenever you like. - Stop. - Right here? - Yeah. - Can I ask you to hold your hand out flat for me? Look... we'll give you the very next grocery item right there. Had you said stop one card earlier, a second sooner, it would have been bread. But thanks to my mix of magic but mainly marketing skills, I knew that would be the grocery item you'd select today. It's true. Check it out. This bag has been on the table since the very beginning, and everything about you, from the clothes you're wearing to the way you're sitting, tells me that you're a man deeply committed to dental hygiene. Is that fair? And that's how I knew that Not Penn's randomly selected grocery item would be... toothpaste. Could I ask you to have a look and show the audience that my prediction is correct. - Is it toothpaste? - No, it's tomato ketchup. - Tomato ketchup. You know, when marketing fails, sometimes I can resort to magic. Now, I know it doesn't look like much happened, but could I ask you, Not Penn, just to hold that plate out in front of you? - Yeah. - You're thinking of one random grocery item. Tomato ketchup. Watch. I don't know about you, but that looks an awful lot like tomato ketchup to me. But could I ask you, on behalf of the audience, to maybe have a sniff or dare I say even a taste? Do we have ketchup? - Yeah. That's ketchup. - We've actually managed to change toothpaste into ketchup. But I guess I had you pegged wrong, Not Penn. And this sometimes happens when I try and predict the shopping behavior of couples. And I'm wondering if maybe it was you, Definitely Not Teller, who was destined to pick the toothpaste. I'll tell you what, just to satisfy my curiosity, as I run through the cards, would you just tell me when to stop. - Stop. - Right here? - Yeah. - Have a little look. And you've picked toothpaste, right? - No. - Still no? [huffs] Salt. You know what? I don't know if this gonna work a second time, but we started with toothpaste which we turned ketchup and now, hopefully... [shaking] [laughs] No way. You're thinking of salt. I think we have... - [scoffs, chuckles] - Salt. Thank you guys very, very much. [cheers and applause] - Lewis Starnes! Hello, Lewis. - Hi, Alyson. How are you doing? - Good. So you do magic by night and marketing by day? - That's absolutely true. Yeah. - Does it give you special insight? - Yeah. Definitely. It's amazing how much you see the comparisons between the research and the way you think people are going to behave and then the way they actually respond to magic. It's incredible. - And how did you get into magic? - When I was 11 years old, my best friend, Ben, I went over to his house for his birthday, and he was supposed to be getting a new computer game. And for some reason, his dad found a job lot of Victorian magic tricks on auction because he's an antique dealer. So he decided that year that he was going to buy those Victorian magic tricks for my friend Ben and not the computer game. So when I got to his house on that Saturday morning... I'll never forget it... he said, "You better come in. I had a weird birthday." And he just put on a magic show for me. And I was sold. I was like, "This is amazing." - Aww. Is your friend a magician as well, or is he just mad at his father? - [laughs] So he is still a magician. Yeah. We both still do magic. - All right. Well, let's find out if your pub magic fooled Penn and Teller. Guys. - Hey. How are you doing, Lewis? It's so nice to see a Brit on the show. I love going to England, and I love seeing you do magic at your pub. What a wonderful routine. It's just a great routine. Just funny and breezy and nice and right in there. And you know, you coming here on the screen makes me think of the British invasion. I don't mean, you know... I mean the British invasion of music. It makes me think of the Rolling Stones. Watching you, I'm thinking of the Rolling Stones. Their whole career. First when they switched from Mick Taylor to Ron Wood, that was a great moment. They used to be really rough, then they got smoother, and they did the "Harlem Shuffle," then, for no reason... no one forced 'em... They did a lesser-known B side of the Hindu shuffle. They have done so many wonderful things. And when I see the Rolling Stones always billed as the greatest [bleep] rock and roll band in the world, I see you... And I see you, Lewis, as the greatest [bleep] pub magician we've seen today. We loved it. But we don't think you fooled us. - [laughs] - Okay. Did any of that make sense to you? - That all made good sense to me, sadly, Alyson. [laughter] - So they know how you did the trick? - I think they definitely know. Yeah. They got me. - Aww. Well, thank you. You didn't fool them, but you did a great job tidying your kitchen. Enjoy that, and thank you for entertaining us. - We hope you got some "Satisfaction." - All right. Lewis Starnes! [cheers and applause] Remember when I promised you a trick from Penn and Teller? Well, I'm about to deliver. The stars of our show take center stage right after this. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. Penn and Teller aren't just magic's most accomplished duo. They're also magic's most eccentric. Performing tonight's finale, the mad scientists of magic, Penn and Teller! [cheers and applause] - Teller and I are magicians, but our first love is science. We would've loved to have been scientists if not for all that school and "having to be smart" stuff. We both loved liquid air shows where science teachers would demonstrate what happens when things get really, really cold. This is liquid nitrogen. Some just call it liquid air because the air we breathe is 78% nitrogen. The gas that we breathe has been cooled down to 320 degrees below zero Fahrenheit which in Celsius is... We don't know. Another reason we are not in the sciences. This liquid... now, Teller, put your gloves on and goggles... This liquid nitrogen turns back into gas at 320 degrees below zero. So for the nitrogen, room temperature is wicked, wicked hot. You can see it boiling off. It just boils off everything because it's really hot out here to the liquid nitrogen. Now the liquid nitrogen is wicked cold, and this is wicked dangerous. If it splashes on you, you get like... It's like a burn but it's frostbite. There's interesting things you can do. You should have your gloves on, Teller. We have a rose here. A nice supple rose. We put that in the beaker, pour in liquid nitrogen just like scientists... isn't that great? We're gonna do some magic tricks later, but this is real science. You pull this out here, and it goes to nice brittle. It's totally brittle. It's great. Now, this is a regular rubber ball. I can bounce this just like that. Regular rubber ball. It lights up a little, and that costs extra. And we put that in liquid nitrogen and freeze it down. You should have gloves on, Teller. That'll burn your skin. You gotta be careful. Don't try this home because it's dangerous and also because you probably don't have liquid nitrogen around. We have it here. Now, this is not a magic trick. This is real. That bounced before. No switch no nothing. Now it's frozen. Now that same rubber... shatters just like that. Isn't that pretty neat? Now, if you take a standard balloon and put that in the liquid nitrogen, the balloon loses all interest in what's going on around it. All interest at all. Just like that. And what's happening is the air inside the balloon is... The molecules are doing something. And then it comes out here and it blows up as the air expands back inside it. Wow, if we could do that as a magic trick, it would be really great. Now, some people make ice cream with liquid nitrogen, but Teller and I wanted to make popsicles. It's our own invention. So we have here a really big beaker. We pour in some liquid nitrogen. Ah. We can... oh, that scared me. We can use this too. You should have your gloves on, Teller. That scared me. This is so dangerous. Don't try this at home because you can hurt yourself badly and also you don't have any liquid nitrogen probably. Now, this is liquid nitrogen popsicles. We have here... well, it's not orange juice. It's like sugar water that has some color in it. We pour liquid nitrogen in, and we're going to make a popsicle. Watch this. Pour this into the beaker. Teller takes a popsicle stick... You should be wearing gloves, Teller. This is dangerous. He's not wearing gloves. He should be. He reaches in with a popsicle stick and he pulls out from inside the beaker a beautifully formed popsicle. Look at that. I bet that would be delicious but I don't want any. And now we can take what they call grape which is just the same stuff with a different coloring. It's just stupid. But put that in there, and we just pour that in just like this, put in a popsicle stick. Look what comes out. A great popsicle. See that? That doesn't really work. That's a magic trick. Anyway. But what my children like to do when they go to a fast food restaurant and they have all the different flavors. Afterwards, they'll do, like, a kamikaze with all the different flavors. Teller likes to do that with popsicles. The two flavors in there... You should be wearing gloves, Teller. You should... what are you... - [yelping] - Oh-oh-oh... you should... If you're wearing gloves that... See... you should've had... you should've had... You should've had gloves on because now your hand has shattered just like that. [both scream] - [laughs] [cheers and applause] [sighs] Another chilling performance by Penn and Teller. And with that, we say goodbye for now. Come back next time for more of TV's best magic. Goodnight. [cheers and applause] [Alyson speaking indistinctly] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 