Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e13 - Jaws of Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 13 - Jaws of Death - full transcript 
 Featured magicians include Blaise Serra, Leon Ettienne, Xavier Mortimer and Sylvain Juzan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - From the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio Hotel in Vegas, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! - Welcome to "Fool Us." Tonight, we are on the hunt for that rare and elusive creature, the fooler. There have been several sightings on this show in the past, but no one knows for sure when a fooler might next be seen. If we're lucky, we may catch a glance of that rarest of beasts 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 holding the equally rare fooler's trophy! But before any of that can happen, we need to bring out our own pair of legendary creatures, Penn and Teller! - Any performer who fools Penn and Teller wins a slot on their Vegas Magic Spectacular and, of course, the "Fool Us" trophy. Let's meet our first magician. - My first day of high school, I got diagnosed with Crohn's disease. It was pretty miserable. I was always sick in bed, but whenever I picked up a deck of cards, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I felt healthy, normal. I felt like a superhero. I tried to perform as often as I could to take my mind off of the pain and the stress, but I was really curious. You know, are my friends just being nice, or is my magic really good? I'm going to put one card in one spot. I started walking up to random people and performing for them, and then this one couple asked me to write down my phone number on a playing card, and that ended up being my first gig. So I had seen Shin Lim on "Fool Us," and we met, and we hit it off and started wanting to work together. He's one of my best friends. I'm learning so much every single day that I get to work with him. I'm really excited for Penn and Teller to see this act. I wanted to create something that I think that they haven't seen before. I wanted to make something that felt like me. - Please welcome one of card magic's up-and-coming stars, Blaise Serra. - Hello, everyone. Thank you so much for that warm welcome. Penn and Teller, before I begin, I just wanted to thank you both not just for having me on the show today but for having this show in the first place because if it wasn't for "Fool Us," there's a very good chance I wouldn't have become a magician at all. It was really watching your show, season one back in the day, that made me want to give this magic stuff a shot, so thank you for making this incredible platform. And, Alyson, would you like to join me over here? - Sure. - You can take a seat. - Thank you. - Nice to meet you, Alyson. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. You've picked more cards than any human being should ever have to endure, so today, I wanted to give you a break. - Oh, thanks. - You don't have to pick the card. Instead, all I'd like for you to do is pick the person that will pick the card. - Ooh. - Okay? - Okay. - So here we have... - Right now? No. - ...a joker. - Okay. - And can you hold this to your heart? - To my heart? I can. - Now, everybody in the audience, can you imagine that you're holding a card at your fingertips? Really do it. Imagine that you're holding a card at your fingertips, and now imagine that you're holding it to your heart. Now that we have a lot of options, Alyson, you can check out that joker. It's just a regular piece of paper, right? - Yes. - But we're going to use it as a real wild card, so you now get to decide. Can you point to anybody and let us know? - Oh, that guy that just waved. Yes. - Okay. Can you let everybody know what was the card that you were thinking of? - Queen of hearts. - The queen of hearts, okay. Everybody, you can relax, so imagine you're actually looking through it, and instead of just seeing what meets the eye, you're actually seeing a queen of hearts across the face of the card, two Qs in either corner. You have it in mind? - Mm-hmm. - Okay. Now, can you hold out your left hand, and can you take your right hand and put it on top of the deck? Lock it in. Feel the weight of the cards in between your hands and where that joker is touching your bottom hand. Now just visualize it starting to change, as though it's changing into the queen of hearts. Would you believe me if I said it was done right now? - Sure? - In your hands, I'm not going to touch anything, can you square up that deck, see the queen of hearts in your mind, and now pick up everything and take a look at the bottom card where that joker once was? Do you see the queen of hearts? - Thank you so much, Alyson. - Thank you. - You can hold onto that deck. We'll get back to that card in a moment, but in the meantime, Penn and Teller, now it's your turn. Now, for most people, a playing card will never have any real sentimental, meaningful value, unlike, say, a photograph. So last year, I got one of those instant cameras, and I started taking photos at all of the different places that I've performed at, and I wanted to take this photo with me as a bit of a good-luck charm as well as a reminder of how far I've come to get here, but I'm less interested in my memory, and I'm more interested in one that's really important to both of you. So can both of you get in mind one performance experience, one memory somewhere in America, let's say outside of Nevada, though, somewhere from the road, and just get one really memorable performance experience in mind. Do you both have one? - Yes. - All right. - Do you both have one? Okay. Now, can you both, just like everybody else did, imagine that you're holding a photo of yourselves from that moment, okay, in your hand, and now imagine that you're holding it to your heart. And now I'm curious, Penn, just what state was it in that felt right to you? - California. - California. Okay. Now, I'm curious, Teller, do you have any idea what happened in California that made that pop into Penn's mind? No? No. Okay. Penn, can you enlighten us? What happened in California that made that so memorable to you? - I did a straitjacket escape and a celebrity, who has become rather well-known, tied me in that straitjacket. - Wow. Okay. This was a really memorable experience that popped into your mind. I wasn't there with you... - You weren't. - ...in California that day. I couldn't have known about that memory. - You were not born. - I wasn't born back then. Okay, so this was really long ago. Wouldn't it be crazy if right now in this moment, the memories that popped into our mind that we both held dear were somehow in sync? - Yes. - Okay. Alyson, can you help me out really quick? - Yes. - Can you let everybody know, what does it say right here, written right at the very bottom of this photo? - California 2019. - See, this is actually a photo that I took in California last year, and I took it for a very specific reason. I was on my way over to a gig, and just as I was getting into the state, I got a phone call. I got the call I was going to have the opportunity to be on this show, so I jumped out of my car, and I took that photo, and I can't believe out of all of the places that you could've thought of, you thought of California, but I also had a feeling that day as well, and, Alyson, do you happen to remember the card from earlier? - Yeah. - What was it? - The queen of hearts. - I had a feeling, and I grabbed something that day. Did you happen to notice what I was holding in that photo here? - Ah. - I was actually holding the queen of hearts, the one card that you were thinking of, in California right at the county line, and I can't believe out of all of the states that you could've thought of, you thought of California. Out of all of the cards that we could've been envisioning, you were thinking of the queen of hearts. But here's the thing. Every time I look back at this photo, I feel like I'll have a totally new memory attached to it, the feeling of being here on this stage with all of you and how grateful I feel to be here. Alyson, do you want to join me over here? - Sure. - Every time I look at this photo, all I'll be able to see is myself standing right here on the Penn and Teller stage. Do you see it too? - I do. - See, this really is a photo of me now here in Las Vegas on the Penn and Teller stage. Thank you so much, everyone. I now have a new favorite magic memory here in Las Vegas, Nevada. Thank you for making today so memorable. - Blaise Serra! Wow. That is an incredible, one-of-a-kind trick. - Thank you so much. - Yeah. - I appreciate it. - Did you create it all yourself? - Yeah. It was kind of building it from the ground up, and I feel like because some of my first exposure to magic was watching "Fool Us," every time I worked on developing a routine, I would always wonder, you know, "What would they think of this?" - That's really cool. You watched the show, and now here you are performing on the show. - Yes. Yes. Yeah, and I think that my parents are pretty happy that this was the show inspired me instead of, like, trying out for "American Ninja Warrior" or something. - Yeah, so you're 20 years old, and you're a magic consultant already. - Yes. Yeah, so I've been working a lot recently, especially with Shin Lim on his show "Limitless" at the Mirage. - Oh, that's cool. - Yeah, especially because, I mean, he was one of the first people that I saw on this show, you know, back in the day. - Yeah. Okay. It looks like it's time to go to Penn and Teller. - Oh, boy. - Guys, did he fool you? - I'll tell you, Blaise, if you were one of the up-and-comers of magic, magic is in very good hands. - Thank you so much. - That's a really wonderful routine. It just felt charming. - I really appreciate it. Thank you. - And, you know, the first trick you did was just pure, raw, skill, sleight of hand, just a deck and a person who knows how to handle it beautifully. - Thank you. - That was just great and perfectly done. Now, you're friends... We saw in your package, you're friends with our friend Shin Lim, right? - Mm-hmm. Yes. - Yeah, and is it Shin Lim or Shim? - Shin, with an n. Yeah. - I always think it's Shim, so, you know, I had Shim in my head watching this whole thing. - Isn't that, like, a piece of metal, I think? - Yeah, it is. It's something like that, a magnetic shim. Shin is just fabulous, and he can get all sorts of things to be accomplished, you know? He just has an index in his head of all sorts of things that the magnetic shim can do. He's fabulous. He's just wonderful. One of my favorite performers anywhere. - Yes. - I just really, really dig him. Let's talk some sports. - Okay. - You know, when you are playing baseball... Now, I know about sports enough to fit on the head of this pen. I know almost nothing, but I do know that baseball is a lot of multiple outs. There's, like, what, three on an innings? And there's nine innings. - Yeah. - There's two teams. There's a lot of outs, and I also know in tennis that when you're tied, you have to win by two points, so you can have ad in. You can have an ad in if you have an advantage. It means the advantage is in, so I just wanted... I don't know what it is you bring out in me, but I want to talk about sports and Shim Lin. Shin Lim, sorry, but that was a fabulous performance. - Does any of that make sense to you? - It makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah. Yes. They know. They are very smart guys, and I am so grateful that I had the opportunity to be here. - Oh, you're great. You're great. Future of magic is in good hands. Oh, you're delightful. - Thank you. - Blaise Serra! - Thank you, everyone. - Thank you so much. - Thank you, everybody. Thank you so much. - You want to see Penn and Teller take on more magicians? You got it. You want to see them perform later too? Sounds like a plan. Stick around. - Welcome back. Let's meet the next magician who's trying to deceive our duo. - I started out as a normal kid, and when I was 13 years old, I was physically struck by lightning, and that's when the magic started to happen. After you're struck by lightning, it's pretty pointless not to live life to the fullest, so ever since then, I've been taking a lot of risks, and tonight is going to be no different. My show has been described as if David Copperfield and Van Halen had a baby. You get a rock-and-roll magic show. The excitement level goes up. The energy goes up. It really is where I come alive. The appeal with danger magic is, it's not a deck of cards, right? People get on the edge of their seats when they think there's some danger involved. Tonight, I'm really putting my neck on the line. Penn, Teller, this is not something you see every day. - Joined by our very own Penn Jillette, please welcome back Leon Etienne. - It is an honor and a pleasure to be back on your stage, and I'm grateful to be here, and now that I'm back, let's predict the future. - Good thinking. - Yeah. I brought a deck of tarot cards with me. - Good. - And they say that by reading the tarot, you can gain a glimpse into the future, but since we're here, let's have some fun together, okay? - Okay. - We'll do a traditional two-card reading. Hold out your left hand. I'm going to cut one, two cards from the packet, and let's see what we got. - Oh, jeez. - The first one is not looking too good. - No. - It's actually... - Death. - The Death Card. Yes, audience. Most people would read negatively into that. However, it is my objective to kill it here onstage for you tonight. - Okay. I see. - And, ladies and gentlemen, spoiler alert: I'm going to be doing something that's death-defying. Penn, what is the second you have? - Second card is The Fool... - The Fool. - Which is why I thought you should've had Teller up here. Sorry, just a joke. It's just a joke, nothing more. - Penn, The Fool actually represents surprise, and I hope to surprise you and Teller here tonight. - Okay. - So we're going to make that your official card. - Okay. - We'll have you sign it. - Oh, I'm going to sign it? - Please take the marker and put your name as big as you can on that card. - Okay. - Beautiful. I'll take the pen from you. - Okay. - And this is a miniature straitjacket. - Oh. - I don't know if you've ever seen one of these before, but you got to admit, it's pretty cute. - Very cute. - Very cute. - Agree. - Penn, I'm going to give that to you. - Thank you. - And if you wouldn't mind, please give me your card back. Signed, it is the only one in the world that looks like this, yes? - I would think so. - And check it out. Please watch this very carefully. - Mm-hmm. - I know you're going to be interested. - I am. - It goes right back... - It does. - Into the middle of the deck, and we close the box up. - Sometimes that's the hardest part. - Yes. Penn, that is the bottom of the mini straitjacket. Can you please open it, look inside, make sure there's nothing in there. - Yes. - Yes. Hold it open because we're going to slide the deck and put it into the mini straitjacket. - There it is. - And we'll then secure it... - With a zip tie. - With a zip tie. - Wow. - Penn, listen to this sound as we secure your card in place. - That's a very romantic sound. - It is. Penn, the reason we used a straitjacket to secure the deck and your card is because this trick is crazy. - I see. - And thank you so much for your help to this point. You may go back to your seat. Give it up for Penn! Now that Penn's card is secured in a straitjacket, it's only fair that I get secured in a straitjacket, as well. Penn, Teller, this is the real deal. Also, Chelsea is going to place the deck right there, so you can keep an eye on it this entire time. It will not leave this stage. Folks, this is a regulation straitjacket made out of military-grade canvas and stainless-steel hardware. These things are designed to restrain people who need restraining. Right now, Chelsea is securing all four buckles that go across the back, and if you ask me, in my opinion, she's doing some rather aggressively. And there's a bottom one here, and we also agreed she'll be very careful with this one for obvious reasons. And last but not least, she will secure my arms in place. Now, ladies and gentlemen, we've had some fun, but here's the serious part. It is now my job to escape this straitjacket, and then, Penn, your card will escape the mini straitjacket. That's pretty cool, audience, yeah? - Yeah. - But it's not cool enough! I'm going to make all that happen while suspended upside down from these... jaws of death! I will have approximately 60 seconds to get out of this straitjacket and find Penn's card before that saw cuts that chain, which will release those jaws. Chelsea, please put the mini straitjacket in my mouth. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one! - Penn, you signed the fool, and the fool represents surprise. And, surprise, man. I didn't find your card. But the jaws did. There is one card impaled on that tooth. And with any lucky, Penn, this is your card, the fool, With your name on it. - Leon Etienne! Hi! - Hello. - Hi. - Hi. - Wow. Whoo. That was crazy. - Thank you, I think. Yes. - Yes. You must have nerves of steel. - Yeah. It's not something you're used to. I remember the first time I hung upside-down was when I was about 18 years old at a circus, and I went down to the circus master, and I said, "Hey. I've got this idea. I'm a magician. Can I... You know, like the iconic Houdini?" And he said, "Absolutely. We can do that." - So have you had any magic accidents? - Yeah. There's a thing in the business we call flash paper, and it's a very combustible piece of paper, and it just bursts into flame. It's a special effect, right, and one day, I had a piece of that in my pocket, and I had a sparker effect going on over here in this hand, and I must have ignited the paper. It went all the way up the side of my face, a slight burn here, but all the hair on this side was completely gone. The best part is, the audience just went, "Whoa!" - It was incredible. - And then the next night, you had to do the other side to get the hair. - And now the hair... Here's how we got the look, yes, exactly. - It's good. Let's find out if you fooled Penn and Teller. - I'll tell you, Leon, we share your joy and your pain. We have spent a lot of years trying to make card tricks exciting and dangerous. We've gone underwater. We've done knives. We've stabbed them, but I got to tell you, this is the most elaborate card sword we have ever seen. It's just beautiful. What a great routine. But listen, you've been on before. - Mm-hmm. - Also, you fooled us last time. Teller and I stay smiling. We stay happy. We stay kind, but that means in our heart, there's a little bit of black hate for you... Because, you know, like The Who, we do not want to get fooled again. - Right. Mm-hmm. - And this time, we kept our eyes on you, but we also kept our eyes on your assistant because sometimes the assistants, we think, are invisible, but Chelsea is far from invisible. - No. - Now, you had me up onstage, which might not have been the best move because you brought the dumb one up onstage. Meanwhile, the smart one was sitting here studying your assistant, who was very, very helpful. I mean, very, very helpful, and I think I've given you a few hints, but I'll just tell you right now. If anything we've said is not right, you just tell me to zip it, just like that. - Everything you've said is right. Yeah. - Okay. Do you want more? - No, no. You're... no, you're... no. You're Penn and Teller, and I think we're good. - Okay. - All right. Thank you. - Thank you! - Right now, I'm going to distract you with this commercial and then triumphantly produce our next magician. Check it out. - Welcome back! If you think we're going to take it easy on Penn and Teller, we are not. Here is our next heavyweight of magic. - Five years ago, "Fool Us" was my first American TV show, and people still come up and say it's where they first heard of me. I have my own theater in Las Vegas now. It's a lot more work, but when it's yours, the sky is the limit creatively. For me, magic doesn't mean anything without a story. I always start with the question, "If I had real magical powers, what would I do with them?" Sometimes, I can be the victim even of my magic. Things happen, and it's out of hand. The trick I'm doing tonight, I had the magic in my head right away. Then it took me 2 years to figure out the story. That's how important storytelling is to me. The effect I will rely on in my performance will fool most people and maybe Penn and Teller. We'll see. - Welcome, fellow Vegas headliner, Xavier! Whoa! - Xavier! Aw. That was so lovely. - Thank you. - I didn't know I was going to be part of a love story tonight. - Yes. Magic is about life, and love is about life, so I like to tell these things with my magic. - Aw. Do you always do magic with everyday objects? - Yes. I rarely put boxes onstage or take cards unless there's a specific occasion for that, but, yes, I play with shadows, with light, with the mirror, with things like that, you know? That's the magic I like. That's what inspires me, and that's what I want to transmit. - Yeah. Well, that's cool because then the next time somebody sees whatever object you used, they think of you. - That's a good point. - No. Next time I see a red balloon, I'm going to think of you. - Oh, thank you. - All right. Let's see if our love story ends with a trophy. Penn, Teller. - Well, Xavier, we've known you for years. You're part of our family, one of the siblings of magic here, and you've always got new ideas, and they're a little different, and we never see hack stuff out of you. We never see you do anything other people have done. It's just a fabulous thing. Now, I want to say, Xavier, I was watching this routine carefully. You hold hands with Alyson, and the balloon goes up, and then she spurns you a little bit, and the balloon goes back down. I may be a little dense, but is that a metaphor for something? Is there some sort of... - Yes. - ...allegory there that I'm missing? - Yes. - There seemed like an up-and-down thing, and I guess I'm just dense. Well, we want to tell you that the way you started out, we know those things, but let's throw the art aside, all the French cleverness, all the beauty. We're throwing that out, and we're getting down to the hard-core stuff, which is, how do you make that balloon go up and down? That's the question. How do you make the balloon go up and down? We don't care how cute you are. We just care about how you made that balloon go up and down, and Teller and I sat down, and we talked it back and forth. We talked about neutral buoyancy. We talked about how you could move that up and down at will, and what we came up with was, we have no idea whatsoever. You have fooled us. - Fooler! Yay! Aw. Yay! - Nicely done, sir. Beautifully done. - We have a fooler! - Xavier! Whoo! - Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. - One successful fooler, and here stand two fooled magicians. - There we are. - Shake it off, boys. More potential foolers right after this. - Welcome back. Keep your eyes peeled. There might be another successful fooler tonight. - All the way from Luxembourg, here is Sylvain Juzan. - Well, thanks. Wow. Thank you so much, guys. Thank you. Wow. Alyson, you did something that very few people can do on this side of the Atlantic Ocean. You pronounced my name correctly. - It took me a while. - Okay. But I've kept you the best seat for you, for that. - Thank you. - I would like to talk a little bit about a friend of mind who is very competitive, very skeptical, and last time I visited him for a few coffees, he grabbed a handful of his kids' toys, and he threw them on the table because, obviously, no one has a mat in the kitchen. And he said, "Hey, Mr. Magic." So that's me. - Yeah. - "I'm challenging you. Do something with this," so, you know, I looked at the bricks. I thought for a while, and I said, "Challenge accepted," and I decided to do a classic in magic where, you know, you take your two hands, and you cover items like that so that you can then make them fly or reappear or vanish at will. And it looks something like this. First, you define your target, so that would be this one, and it goes from here to here. - Wow. - Yeah. Olé. And then we do it one more time from here to here. - Ooh. - And one last time from here to here. Thank you. Thank you so much. - But my friend, he did not react the way you did. - Ah. - Yeah, because he crossed his arms like this, and he said, "You know what? I think you're cheating." Of course I was, genius. Because he said, "You only have two hands. You can only cover two bricks at the same time, but actually, you're using the mug as an extra cover, so you can cover three." See? - Oh. - He's clever. So do the same thing, two empty hands, four bricks, but no more mug, and he did not wait for my answer. He removed it. So I looked at the bricks. I thought for a while, and I said, "Challenge..." - Accepted. Because basically the same thing, you cover like this, and you define a target, so... Left or right? - Left. - Left one from here. Yeah. That's right. - Wow! - At your command. That's one. That's two, and that's trois. - Wow. - Thank you so much. - Thanks a lot. But my friend, he didn't react the way you did. He said, "You know what? I think it's too easy for you because they all have the same color." - Oh. - "So do the same thing but with four different bricks," and he did not wait for my answer. He removed these, and he gave me these instead. - Oh. - Yeah. I looked at the bricks. I thought for a while, and I said... - Challenge acc... not. - Something different this time. No. Because it's impossible. Well, let me explain. Penn, Teller, you should know that, but there are many, many variations of this effect. They all require identical objects. If you do this with different objects and no shell, it's impossible. Almost. It would look something like that. The first one would be the pink one from here to here through the super tunnel. - Thank you. So my friend started to be really annoyed, so I said, "Hmm, let's have some fun," and I gave him the option, and he said yellow. So it goes from here to here. The yellow one, see? Because, already, he really did something crazy. He grabbed the bricks. He grabbed the mug, put it like this, put the red brick in his fist, and he said, "Now do it!" So obviously, that's his fist, not mine. So you're right-handed or left-handed? You will be my friend? - Sure. - You hesitated. - Well, I'm scared now. - You right-handed or left-handed? Oh, no. Don't be. Close, close, close, close, close, close, close, close. That was my finger. Okay. A little bit. That's good. But first we have to say the magic word. It's going to be legend... Wait for it. - Dary. - I've been waiting for this for so long. Open your hand. From here to here. Thank you. - Sylvain Juzan. - Merci! - Do you always make magic with toys? No. I'm more kind of a card guy. This is a classic of magic, but usually it's done with coins, and I adapted it to these kind of toys. - I love it. So how did you become a full-time magician? - That was a decision I and my former employer made. - Oh. - Yeah. I got laid off, so I took this as an opportunity. I mean, you don't get fired every day. It doesn't happen a lot. - Right. - And so I took this opportunity to create my magic company, and now I've been doing this full-time job in Luxembourg since 2009. - That's awesome. All right. Can Penn and Teller piece your trick together? Let's find out if you fooled them. - Nice one. - First of all, we got to say, we love a guy in a vest. - Aw. - Vests matter to us. We love the vests, and this is a classic of magic, albeit done with children's toys. That was a very good way to change that over. You made a lot of our job easy, not in terms of figuring out how you did because pretty much everything you said was true. - Yep. - That there were no shells and that this is a standard trick, and it only really gets something that we haven't seen before when it gets to different colors. - Precisely. - And then it gets amazing. - Thank you. - And it really was a beautiful routine and so clean and so comfortable, but we're watching everything, how you were sitting, your clothes, the props, the cup, everything. We were watching very, very carefully, and we loved the routine, and we think we have a pretty good idea how you did. - Thank you. - Did they figure it out? - Of course they did. They're Penn and Teller. Thank you. Sylvain Juzan! - Thank you. Thanks a lot. - We can't end our show until we see the masters whip out their magic wands. Penn and Teller perform next! - Welcome back. I got to have me some Teller time. Whenever he and I hang out, our favorite thing to do is watch Penn perform one of his rare solo routines, so ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Penn! - You know, all magic has intellectual content. Even the silliest magic trick, to be a magic trick, has to exploit some logical fallacy or underline some shortcut in human thinking. I've always wanted to add pattern to a trick that explains what the trick is really dealing with, so I've done that. I've taken this silly birthday-party trick, and I want you to imagine that you are at a 12-year-old's birthday party. - Hi, children. Post hoc ergo propter hoc. That's Latin for the common logical fallacy, "After this, therefore, because of this." You see, children, when something happens, and then something else happens, we tend to think the something else was caused by the something. Post hoc ergo reminds us that correlation does not necessarily imply causation. Now, when studying crime in the 1980s in New York City, some no-kidding academics discovered a strong correlation between the amount of serious crime committed and the amount of ice cream sold by street vendors. Here is the thing. Even though they're clearly separated, children, their still seems to be some connection. Now, in the case of frozen treats and felonies, there was obviously some unobserved variable causing both. Oh! - Summer! Summer, right, children? Summer is the time of the most villainy, and it's also the time when Mister Softee tells most his wares. Now, we can't do this in our real world full of criminality and confections. With my correlation sticks, we can get all science-y and run the experiment. If you would, please, take these scissors and cut away the common variable. Cut away the summer! Well, you did that with no concern whatsoever for the sales of kiddie pools or the fear of shark attacks, but now that you've taken away the common variables, now that you've taken away summer, you monster, there is no way that the sale of Klondike Bars can affect maleficence, and yet, the correlation still seems to be there. Now, children, magicians never give away their secrets, but neither to statisticians and philosophers. It's called job security. But I am about to tell you everything. Ice-cream lover and Scottish smartypants David Hume pointed out that causation can only be established by experience, but experience, in turn, is based on the assumption that the future will be modeled on the past, which in itself is based on experience, leading to a circular logic that we can never prove causation with pure reason, but that doesn't mean it's not there. Here is the really annoying thing. Even though we can never prove causation, correlation is all around us. As David Hume once said, "Woo! Ain't that a buster." I've got another one of these things, and it might not be a big deal if this is lawlessness in the disco era in the Big Apple and this is the sale of Choco Tacos. But what if this were rising autism rates or mercury in the vaccines or assault-rifle control in Australia? Then people can claim to have proven all sorts of things that they can't prove. Like, they can tell you that they've proven that A causes B, which they can't prove, or that B causes A. Then they'll tell you that A and B have a common cause in C. They may cause each other, and they'll tell you that A and B cause C implicitly or explicitly, but, children, if you only remember one thing from this birthday party, try to remember that sometimes, just sometimes, C, B and A are totally unrelated, and it's all just coincidence, and everybody is always lying to you. Happy birthday. - Good night from Las Vegas, where the party never stops! Come back next time for more of TV's best magic. See you soon! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 