Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 6, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s6e10 - Magical Moxie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 6, Episode 10 - Magical Moxie - full transcript 
 Wolfgang Moser turns water into wine, Johnny Magic combines mentalism and meditation, Pere Rafart gives his cards a good thrashing, Giacomo Bertini sends coins through a black hole, and Penn's daughter Moxie turns electric. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - From the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! - Welcome to "Fool Us," where we offer intergalactic bragging rights to any magician in the galaxy who can leave Penn and Teller scratching their heads. And now, taking one small step for Teller and one giant step for Penn, the rulers of our magic universe, Penn and Teller! Remember, anyone who fools Penn and Teller wins an all-expenses-paid trip to Las Vegas 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to perform in their legendary magic show. Don't get too comfortable, boys, because here comes our first potential fooler. - My name is Wolfgang Moser. I am from Vienna, Austria. When I was 12 years old, my parents took me to a shopping mall. There was a beautiful young girl performing magic tricks. I had to buy this magic trick. I gave her all the money I had, and when I opened it up, all I got was a little piece of thread. That's when I fell in love with magic. Even if you just have a piece of thread, what you can do with it can be a real miracle. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I do a couple of tricks with liquids, and they seem particularly magical because it seems more impossible to manipulate liquid. Tonight I will perform one of the oldest magic tricks in the book. This has been performed in Greece and in Roman times. I found a new version how to perform this trick, and I'll try to fool Penn and Teller with it. - Give it up for Wolfgang Moser. - I want to show you a trick that I found in an almost 2,000-year-old magic book, and the name of this trick is Water into Wine, true miracle. All we need is a teapot. Would you like to help me? Please stand up. I want you to check out this teapot, so please open it up and look inside. Make sure that it's empty and just an ordinary teapot, okay. Furthermore, we need some water. Would you like to help me as well? Please stand up. I want you to taste this water, and please confirm for everybody that this is, in fact, just... - Water. - Water. You seem disappointed. What about the teapot, it's empty? - Yes, sir. - Just an ordinary teapot, okay. So we have the teapot. We have the water. Now all I need is someone who likes to enjoy a good glass of wine. How about you, sir? - Yes, sir. - Yes, wonderful. I also have a glass for you. And could you please check out the glasses as well? Make sure they are empty, there are no powders, no chemicals. Look at the glasses. Yes. Wonderful. So for the first time in 2,000 years, water... into wine. Now, it looks like wine. It smells like wine. Please, go ahead and taste this. And not only does it look like wine, not only does it smell like wine, it is... - Wine. - Hallelujah! You can sit down. Thank you. Now, in this old magic book, the trick ended at this point, but maybe you prefer some white wine. It's no problem. Let's do another miracle: water into white wine. And could you please taste this? And if this is a real, genuine white wine, just say "Hallelujah." - Hallelujah! - Hallelujah! - Thank you very much. Now, I think it's time for a toast, and I think this moment calls for a cold, sparkling beer. Cheers, everybody. I brought some books because I want someone to choose a drink. Would you like to help me? Could you please stand up? Hold onto the teapot here. First, I want you to choose one of these books. Which one do you like? This one in this middle? - Sure. - Yes. This one is great because there are over 100 different cocktails and party drinks in here. You can choose one of these, so I'll just flip through, and you just say stop whenever you want. - Stop. - Okay, so that's Sex on the Beach. Good choice. I like this. This is vodka, cranberry juice, orange juice, and peach schnapps. All right, I also have a glass for you. Please check out the glass. So we have vodka, orange juice, cranberry juice, schnapps. So let's see. For the first time in 2,000 years, water into Sex on the Beach. Please, go ahead and taste this. If this is a real Sex on the Beach, just say "Hallelujah." - Hallelujah. - Hallelujah. - Hallelujah. - Thank you very much. Now, we have enough water left for one last miracle. Would you like to help me? What's your name? - Camry. - Camry, would you like to join me? You know, I'm from Vienna, and Vienna is famous for its coffee, so I'd like to make some real Viennese coffee for you, and you have to help me. Could you open up your hand? Put this on your hand, because, actually, you will do this all by yourself. - Okay. - And I will tell you how this teapot works. You just have to imagine this coffee: first the color, getting darker and darker, and next the smell and the flavor. Try to feel it in your nose. Do you have it? Very important is also the temperature. Could you please imagine the teapot getting warmer and warmer? Feel the teapot. It's getting hot? It's getting hot? - Can you smell? What does it look like? - It looks like coffee. - It looks like coffee. It smells like coffee, right? And it's real hot. Coffee! Please, go ahead. Have a sip. - It's coffee. - Coffee. Thank you very much. I think, for real Viennese coffee, there is now only one last thing missing. - Wolfgang Moser! Wow, hi. - Hi. All right, can you do a latte? - Uh, no. - Oh. All right, well, work on it. - You're very picky. - So do you prefer old tricks to new tricks? - Yes, I love old tricks. I love reading old magic books and find old tricks that nobody does anymore and recreate them for today. - That's so cool. And so how long does this take to work on? - Oh, this trick took me about three years to finish, and I also did a lot of research into the history of this trick, which is fascinating, and I'm performing this for six years now, seven years. - Wow. Okay, they're ready. P and T, what do you think? - Wolfgang, boy, we loved the Biblical allusions. That's the way to our heart. But you're also going back to... the plot not only goes to Water to Wine but also to a trick called Think-a-Drink, and that's very misleading 'cause Think-a-Drink is kind of a lousy trick. The teapot can't be examined at the top. There's compartments. You fixed all that. You took all the stuff we don't like about Think-a-Drink and made it better, and the teapot is very, very magical. We don't think it's the only really magical container onstage. There's a lot of magical stuff going on here, and like many, many people, you got very lucky with Sex on the Beach, as many people do in both senses. What we're trying to say here is, not only did you get lucky with Sex on the Beach, you always get lucky with Sex on the Beach, and most of the time, when you want to make coffee, you have to do some sort of switch to make that coffee go on, and we didn't see you hit a switch on the side of it, but we still think there was a switch there. It's just something that maybe the audience doesn't understand as much as we do, but you've taken a really shabby, obvious trick and turned it into a real puzzler but I don't think completely fooled us. - Okay. - Aw, what do you think? - Boy, they're turning on us. - So are you convinced they know how you did the trick? - I'm afraid yes. - Aww. - Wonderful, man. - Well, thank you so much. Wolfgang Moser! We've got to take a break, and, like clockwork, we'll be back in a minute. Stay tuned. - We said we'd be back, and we weren't fooling, but maybe this next magician will be. - I grew up in Batesville, Indiana, caskets and hospital beds. I was the oldest of six kids, and we were all homeschooled, so my mom is a saint. We didn't have a lot of money, so we made up for that in creativity and imagination. You have to have a lot of self-discipline as a homeschooled kid, and so I took that drive to learning about magic. When I was with people one-on-one, that was a little bit awkward, so magic presented that way of breaking the ice and connecting with people. If I fool Penn and Teller, one of two things is gonna happen: either I'm going to jump for joy or I'm going to cry. - Joined by a randomly selected member of our audience, take a deep breath and open your mind to Johnny Magic. - Good evening. Like Alyson said, my name is Johnny Magic. Of course that's just a stage name. My real name is Jonathon Magic. Hi there. What's your name? - Genevieve. - Genevieve. That's a nice name. How do you feel? - I feel scared. - Scared, nervous. Don't worry. My goal is that you sit in this chair and just feel as relaxed and as comfortable as you can be in front of all these lights and cameras. Yeah, yeah. You know, which brings up an interesting point. You know, you would think on this stage, in front of the Penn and Teller, that I would be filled with anxiety, but I'm not, and that's simply because I've learned how to relax and clear my mind through meditation. Tonight, I'm going to be guiding you through a magical meditation, and when we're done... see that gift right there? That's for you. It's a gift that's gonna help you remember this experience forever. - Okay. - Now, during the meditation, I am going to ask you very simple questions, and all I ask is that when you answer, just give us a simple, one-word answer based on your experience. Sound good? - Sounds good. - Great. Go ahead and close your eyes. Good. All right, here we go. Picture this in your mind's eye: you're standing in a large green, lush forest. It's your happy place, and as you look to your right, you notice a path, and you start pushing through the trees and leaves, and you're moving through, a large red door. As you approach the door, you start to open it. You're very curious, Genevieve, and as you reach for the handle, I want you to look and I want you to notice in your mind's eye that there's a little log and on that log is a little animal, Genevieve, and it's sipping a cup of tea. It's got a little monocle too. It's so cute. Genevieve, my question to you is, what is the animal? - A pig. - Okay, a pig, very good. You're doing great. I want you to think about what's next. I want you to walk through this door, and as you get to the other side, Genevieve, you're completely weightless! You're completely free because you're standing on the moon, and as you look up, you see millions of stars all around you, and then you notice the weather, Genevieve. I want you to notice the weather. Kind of a strange question. We are on the moon, after all. But what's the weather? - Very rainy. - Rainy. Okay. You're doing great. You really are doing great. We got to get you out of this rain, Genevieve, but picture this in your mind's eye: something's coming from far away. It's coming towards you, and here's why it's coming. It's coming to pick you up and take you home. What is it? - A train. - Genevieve, I want you to notice that driving the train, it's a spider. It's a big purple spider. Now, Genevieve, you're gonna notice that it's playing with something. Well, as you get closer, you know exactly what it's playing with. This is the most important question of all, Genevieve. What's the spider playing with? - A piano. - A piano. Okay. Let's give Genevieve a round of applause. I don't know. I don't know. Let's review. You said you saw a pig sipping a cup of tea. You said when you were on the moon, it was raining. When something was coming towards you, it was... you said a train, a bit old-fashioned. And then when you were getting on the train, you said a spider was playing a piano? - Yeah. - I don't think this will come to any surprise to anyone, but just to be fair, to be completely honest, did anyone at any time tell you to say those specific answers? - No. - Obviously. I did say this was a magical meditation, and that's because it always gets the same result. Stand up. You did such a good job. This gift is for you. It's something I made a little bit ahead of time. What you'll see here is, we have a pig drinking a cup of tea. He's on a train, you can notice he's in the rain, and there's that spider playing the piano. That's the magic of meditation! Give her a round of applause! - Wow, Johnny Magic! Whoo! You're very comfortable onstage. - Yeah, I grew up on the stage. I've always felt comfortable on the stage. - So you've been performing your whole life? - I have been performing magic my whole life, but only in the last couple years did I make the leap to do this full-time. My wife and I, we sold our house... - Whoa. - I quit my job, and we just went for it, because I'm all about helping people get to know themselves and connect with others, and I love traveling the world doing that. - Wow. What's your favorite thing about magic? - My favorite thing about magic is the unexpected, and so I love taking people down a journey where they think, "This is either gonna go horribly wrong or we have no idea where this is going," and then going ka-pow and just kind of hitting them with some awesome. - All right. Well, I think you accomplished that. - I think so. - All right, it's time to see if the guys figured out how you did your trick. - Okay, here we go. - Penn, Teller? - Very nice, Johnny. You know, there's always that magician-in-trouble thing, when you have to always act like, "Whoa, I didn't expect that," so you've got the surrealistic picture at the end that plays off that. It makes it really nice, makes it really funny, makes the audience worry but also cheer for you more when you get it right at the end. You know, it's interesting you talk about meditation because both Teller and I do meditation. Our buddy Sam Harris does a thing called waking up, and we both do it every day. A lot of people think that meditation means closing out stuff and going within yourself, but it's not that. One of the things Sam always talks about is listening to his words, listening to what he's saying, but also listening to all the other sounds in your environment, let everything in and let that just go and kind of watch that as a whole panorama in your consciousness, and that's one of the things that Sam Harris taught us, and who would've thought that Sam Harris would bust you on this, but we think that's the way you did it. - These guys are brilliant. I had an awesome time. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. - All right. - You guys were amazing. - You didn't fool them, but you were entertaining. Johnny Magic! - Thank you, guys. You rock. Thank you. Thanks. - Don't go anywhere. We have more can't-miss magic when we come back. - Welcome back to "Fool Us." No one has walked off with the "Fool Us" trophy yet, but that could change when this next act struts their stuff. Let's meet our next magician. - With a randomly selected member of our studio audience, please welcome the outlandish magic of Pere Rafart. - Thank you very much. Alyson, come here, please. Yes, big applause for Alyson. Hello, my name is Pere. Nice to meet you. I will do a card trick, Alyson. I shuffle the deck, and you say stop whenever you... - Hmm. - Wait, wait. Now... okay, Alyson, I shuffle the deck, and you say stop when... Thanks for the support. Ah... Maybe... OK, now, Alyson, I... - Okay, yes, yes. Now, yes. Okay, yeah... Oh, yes. Alyson, can you take and very strong, one, two? Okay, fine. Okay, Alyson, I shuffle the deck, and you say stop whenever you want, okay? - Okay. - Stop. - Stop, okay. Take a card and show to the audience. Okay. Yes. Everybody see the card. - Yes. - Okay. Please. I put the card in the middle, and I mix it, and now look at this, because I try and throw the card into the air. All the cards are flying at the same time. You say the name of your card, okay, and in exactly moment, I will listen, I will search, I will find, and I will take. - Okay. - Are you ready? - Yeah. - One, two. Oh, sorry. Uh, wait a second. So... - Oh, no. - Little problem. Yes, the pips just go down. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I will try it different. Can you blow? Okay. Blow, blow, blow, blow. No, you don't blow. Wrong direction. You suck. You do... Okay? Let's go. Are you ready? Suck! Blow! Now! I don't like this deck. I will try something different. - Oh, jeez. Oh, boy. Oh. Uh-oh. - This is... this is drama. - Oh. - Okay, okay, okay, wait. Uh, is one of these three cards your card, Alyson? - No. - No. Okay, isn't problem. Try something different. You remember the card? - Yes. - Take the pips of your card and put inside your hand. Okay, I don't look. I don't look. - Okay. - Okay, you have all? - Yeah. - Perfect. And now look at this. I draw... a button here. Can you push? Now which way? Now which way? And now the pips come back to the deck! Last one, last one. Alyson, put the pips on the table. Yes, one, two, and three of hearts, okay. I only need to do this. I found your card, Alyson. Thank you very much! Thank you very much! Thank you! And, remember, Penn and Teller, I found the three of hearts. One, two, and three... - Oh, dear. - Three of hearts! And six and ace and four! Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen! My name is Pere! I'm from Barcelona! - Pere Rafart! - Thank you, Alyson. - Oh! - Thank you very much. - That was so entertaining. - Yes. - I love that you add comedy to all your magic... Or I assume. - All of my tricks is funny. - Okay, good. - I can show another one. Look at this: the flying glasses! No, I do it with my fingers. Is not magic. Is a optical illusion. - So you invented this trick? - Yes, I invented all of these tricks... all of my tricks. - You invent all your tricks? - Yes. - Do you have other color glasses? - Yes, I have another styles and color. I like another trick with glasses. - I like the yellow. - Whoa. All right, do you want to ask the guys in Spanish if you fooled them? - Yes. Yes, yes. I prefer in Catalan, okay? I ask in... - Okay. - You fooled the hell out of me. I have no idea what you're saying. I'll tell you, we were absolutely in love with you just from the closed deck repeat at the top. What a great idea. - Thank you. - It was just so many ideas we'd never seen before, just beautiful and nutty and exciting and entertaining and just terrific, and also, you did every single trick in the book and many that aren't. What were there, 50 effects in this, 75 effects? - Yes, probably. - It goes on and on and on. We're not gonna go through them bit by bit. You used fabulous sleight of hand. You used gaff cards. You used the table. You used magnets. You used everything going through there. Now, other magicians use the table, but I've never seen jumping up on the table as cover for a move. It's a routine that we just loved from beginning to end. How do you say "I don't think you fooled us" in Spanish? - That's what I meant to say, yeah. - Probably. Probably right. - Was that enough for you? - Yes. - Yes. - Great act, great act. - Well, thank you so much. Pere Rafart! After the break, we serve up another slice of TV's best magic. Stick around. - Welcome back to "Fool Us." Penn and Teller are ready to meet their next challenger, so let's not keep them waiting. - Hi, I'm Giacomo Bertini from Florence, Italy. - Here with two randomly selected hosts, the coin magic of Giacomo Bertini! - Giacomo Bertini! That was beautiful. - Thank you. - And I was torn between watching what you were doing and watching Teller's face. He was in awe. - It's a pleasure for me to be here with you guys... - Penn and Teller. - With Penn and Teller. It's an honor. - You must work so hard to be that good at coins. - I use only my hands to do these tricks. - There's no other thing but my hands. - I recently wrote a book about my technique, my own system. - Are you afraid that Penn and Teller may have read that book? - The book was written, like, a month ago, so I don't think they read that. - All right, well, let's see if Penn and Teller can spot your special techniques. Penn, Teller? - Boy, coins are hard to do, and there is amazing, just, handling, and there are innovations there that we've never seen before, just stuff that you made up. Most people do coin routines sitting at a table. You did it standing at a table, which makes it much, much harder, and the strength in your hands, or especially certain muscles in your hands, is something like we've never seen before, just a beautiful routine and just beautifully done. Now, you had us sitting at the table, and having us that close to you at those angles was just one of the bravest things we've ever seen. I don't think anyone in the audience caught anything. We caught a few things, and except for your innovations... And forgive me for this. I don't want to get all stereotypical on you, but I'm guessing you're Italian somewhere in your ancestry... - And in the United States, that sometimes brings to mind "The Godfather II," and of course, in "The Godfather II," one of the major characters was Hyman Roth, but I think in your Godfather that a lot of the credit would go to David Roth as opposed to Hyman Roth. It was a beautiful routine, gorgeously done. We saw a few things from the angles we were at. We think we have a pretty good idea of what you do, but, boy, I haven't seen anyone do the stuff you're doing better. - Grazie. - So it looks like they figured it out. - Yes. - Yes. All right, well, thank you. Giacomo Bertini! Penn and Teller know thousands of tricks, and they've selected a special one to show us right after the break. You don't want to miss it. - Penn and Teller were born with magic running through their veins, and now we find out if it runs in the family. Here's Penn's daughter Moxie with Penn and Teller. - Friends, the girl you see onstage with us is what we in the sideshow business refer to as the Vegas Voltara. Her name is Moxie, and as a young child, this poor girl was struck upon the head by a bolt of lightning! The shock rendered her temporarily unconscious and gave her strange powers, a power over electricity and magnetism! - Whatever, Dad. - We have since discovered, by humane and legal experiments, that her body can withstand many thousands of volts of electricity. She is immune to the effects of electrical current and guaranteed to shock the shellac out of you. To demonstrate this strange ability, we have an electric chair such as the kind that is used for the execution of prisoners around the world. I think it's actually only in Texas and the Middle East, but that's the idea. Through that chair flows 50,000 volts of electricity capable of killing a normal human being in a matter of seconds. As you can see, an ordinary electric light tube glows from the current going through this high-voltage generator. It's so powerful that a gasoline torch just touched lightly to the seat bursts into flame. We are now gonna have the young lady demonstrate a miracle. - It's a miracle if it works, Dad. - It'll work. For your amazement, the lady will now take her place in the chair. We throw the switch. The 50,000 volts will flow through her body. An ordinary neon light glows when touched to any part of her body. You've heard of footlights. Well, Moxie will show you her footlight. You've heard of headlights. Moxie will show you her headlight. You've heard of taillights. - They get the idea. - The moisture in her system acts as a conductor, passing the electricity through her entire body, through her arms and through her fingers and through this key she holds lighting this torch with just the electricity in her body. Moxie's powers have a practical use as well. We'll show you why she's often called the human microwave oven. We have here America's favorite theater nuisance, popcorn, putting about a cup of unpopped kernels in the pan. In just three seconds' time, the 50,000 volts does the trick. And, voila, a healthy and nutritious snack for TV time tonight. As she stands none the worse for wear, she bows to her amazed public as they give her a well-deserved round of applause. Thank you, Miss Moxie Voltara. Immunity to deadly doses of electricity was only one of her powers this freak accident gave her. She also has this strange power over water. Some call it magnetism, but it's not that. It's a force previously unknown to science. - It's a trick. - It's a trick. Now take this pitcher of water. The glass is filled with water. She then takes this normal piece of magazine paper, place it in the bowl, where it is moistened on both sides. The paper makes a hydrostatic bond to the water, and she can turn the glass upside down and the water stays in. Now, maybe others can do that, but Moxie, the Vegas Voltara, can go a step further. Turn on your power, Moxie. And now she can peel the paper off and the water still stays in as long as she wants. How long do you want, Vegas Voltara? - Three, two, one. - And the water falls. Amazing Vegas Voltara. For Moxie the Vegas Voltara's next trick, we will need a very strong man from the audience, the stronger the better. Our Vegas Voltara tips the scales at just over 50 pounds. Light as a feather. - I'm 75 pounds. - That's over 50. Shut up. Now, take the Vegas Voltara right around the waist like this. Don't crush her, but hold her right there and lift her up light as a 50-pound feather right up, right up over your head. Just like that, no problem at all. But now, when the Vegas Voltara turns on her powers, you will no longer be able to lift her. Don't turn it on enough to hurt him, just enough to stop him from lifting. Hold her right there and give her a lift right now. No, no, really do lift her. No, no, really do try. That's the Vegas Voltara right there. Thank you so much. Thank you. Oh! That's the Vegas Voltara! - From our family here to every family out there, good night from Las Vegas! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 