Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e16 - Teller vs Penn: The Rematch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 16 - Teller vs Penn: The Rematch - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn - From the Penn & Teller Theater in Las Vegas, Nevada, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! - Welcome to "Penn & Teller: Fool Us." With safety protocols in place, some of our performers will perform right here and others will join us from around the world, all with the same goal: to fool magic's greatest duo, win a "Fool Us" trophy, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and eventually, perform in Penn and Teller's Las Vegas show. So let's bring them out, the two and only Penn and Teller! Quick reminder that none of the tricks on our show ever use camera tricks and that all audience members participating here or at our remote studios around the world have no information about any of the tricks ahead of time. And with that in mind, let's meet our first magician. - Hi, I'm Jonathan Burns, magician and semi-professional Instagram model. You may not realize this 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but I was a gangly, weird kid. So I developed a sense of humor to make people laugh with me rather than at me. And then I realized I could combine comedy... With magic. Now I live in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, which is Amish country. Normally, I'd be traveling around the world, but lately, I've been performing magic for the locals. Family has always been important to me. I spend a lot of time at home with my two young daughters, painting nails, trying makeup, playing dolls. I've definitely become the girly dad. My grandfather was a huge supporter of mine. He said, "You're destined to do something unique in life." So tonight, in honor of my pappy, I'm gonna try to do something truly unique and hopefully fool Penn and Teller in the process. - Back again to try to fool Penn and Teller is Jonathan Burns! - When I was a kid, every Thanksgiving, my whole family would gather at my grandparents' house for Thanksgiving dinner. And we wouldn't be like other families and argue over trivial things like, oh, uh, politics or how to carve the cranberry sauce. We would wait till after dinner and we'd fight over the TV remote. There were those of us who wanted to watch football, and then there was me, who wanted to watch the annual "World's Greatest Magic" special. Luckily, there was a second, much smaller TV in my grandparents' basement. It was kind of like this. I was sitting on the couch and watching every move of my favorite magicians. People would come down and be like, "Ugh, magic's all, you know, dancing girls and tight pants and cheering audiences." Isn't that exactly what football is, Uncle Ray? Tonight, I decided I'm gonna attempt something that I dreamt up while sitting on my mum-mum and pappy's couch in hopes that it will inspire a 12-year-old or even a 47-year-old magician who was sent to their grandparents' basement. And I will do that using this. The straitjacket, invented in the late 18th century to cure anxiety and depression. Luckily, it worked so well that people no longer suffer from these afflictions. I'll also be using this, the Anneheart Malin loveseat-sleeper sofa. At Anneheart, we don't just like seats. We love 'em. Retail value of 1499.95. I've also asked two people to help me out. This is Randy, a local Las Vegas EMT, and I also need Alyson Hannigan, a semi-professional magician's assistant. - She's helped more magicians than an awkward childhood. I'll have 60 seconds to make my escape from these restraints and escape this death trap. If I don't get out in time, I will run out of air. And worst of all, this furniture rental will be considered overdue, and I will lose my deposit. You ready? Okay. Okay. Tuck me in. - Jonathan Burns! Ah. So do you do tricks out of other things that you find in grandma's garage? - I do. I can fit myself through a toilet seat and a tennis racket. - Oh, okay. - So I kind of use everyday objects to my advantage. - Yeah, so I'm a little afraid to ask, but how do you discover that you can fit through a toilet seat? It's a trip to a, like, a home improvement store. - Oh. Okay. - When no one's looking, you go for it. And then... and it works. Yeah, I can squeeze myself butt-first through a picture frame. And I learned that at a trip to a craft store. - Oh. - I'm 11x14. - Okay. - You are welcome, America. - I bet there's some stores you're not allowed back into. - That's... well, that's why we got the straitjacket. - And so were you a contortionist before you were a magician? - I was. I was kind of always the bendy kid who would, like, do crazy things at gym class to gross out girls. - Did you do that thing with the eye lids? - I had friends who could. I was envious. I couldn't do that. - Ugh. Ooh. - My specialty was armpit farts. - Oh. So as the guy who grossed out girls, how'd you finally get married? - Oh. She found me and saw my skills. She knew no one else could have me. - Oh, yeah? - Yes, right. She's a special lady. - Yeah, I guess so. - Yeah. - Well, then, you hang onto her. - I know, right? I would but I'm giving myself a hug, so... - Okay. Let's go straight to Penn and Teller, and see if they'll hand you a trophy. Well, or... Penn, Teller. - Jonathan, come back to our show all the time. - Oh, I would love to come back. - You do such good bits. You know, there's a double effect here. And Teller and I had totally different reactions to it. Teller loved one thing. I loved another. Teller loved the fact that you escaped from the convertible. - Yeah. - He went nuts over that. And the idea of doing a straitjacket escape that doesn't happen just kills me. So funny. And the idea of that was so great. And you look so great doing it. It just looks so brutal, and at the same time, really, really funny. And completely original. - Thank you. - Man, I wanna just give you... Keep giving you runarounds here. But the idea... you know, people are always trying to escape from something that no one has seen before. And I think you've done that, done the impossible. - Wow. - Escaping from something. And then not escaping from a straitjacket just destroys me. Kills me. - Awesome, awesome. - And we loved it and think you're really funny, and come back all the time. And I think I've slipped in a word or two that should've given you an idea that you did not escape from our scrutiny. - - Ooh. - Yeah, you did... yeah, you got me on that one. But I have a question for you. How do you get out of a straitjacket? - Well, you didn't fool 'em but it was our first ever escape from a couch. Thank you, Jonathan Burns! - Thank you. - Find out who will try and fool Penn and Teller next when "Fool Us" returns. - Welcome back. This next magician will knock your socks off, even if you're barefoot. That's how good they are. Let's meet them now. - Hey, guys. I am Eric Chien. And I am a close-up magician from China. You can't take anything personal, like cards, with you into the army. So when I got drafted, I made magic with ordinary objects like rubber bands and coins. Coin magic got me a job as a magic consultant. I created effects for other magicians, but my dream was to perform. So I started creating tricks for myself and I quit making magic for others. I put my life savings into one, single effect, something totally unique. It is an effect that I will be doing tonight, and it won at the World Championship of Magic. But I don't perform it like I'm a champion. My stage character isn't even a magician. I'm an average dude who can make magic almost by accident. I'm saying if I can do this, then you can too. There's magic in me, so there must be magic in you. - Coming to us direct from China, here's Eric Chien. - Wow! Eric Chien! Wow. That was an epic trick. - Thank you so much. Thank you. The routine that you just saw was actually the routine I used for the World Championship. - It felt like a whole story, a whole journey. - That's how I try to create magic, you know? Not just, you know, me showing off. I like to have a story in my magic. - Oh, you were showing off. A little bit. - Uh... Maybe just a little bit. - So tell me the story of that trick. - Um, so that trick is basically talking about greed. Like, you know, humans, we're born with... We're born to be greedy, kind of in a way. So, you know, I discovered this ribbon and these magical frames. And, you know, I decided to play with it. And I realized that it has magic powers, right? And then I decided to use that magic for, you know, to make money. And, you know, at the end, everything just vanished and I'm left with nothing. And because greed takes over, and it destroys us, right? - And when you're coming up with the trick, do you think of the story first or the trick? - I clear my mind of all the magic that I already know, and I think of the story. And then I start piecing in what magic belongs in this story. - Oh. Eric, it's time to find out if Penn and Teller know how you did your trick. - All right. - Penn, Teller. - Hey, Eric. How you doing, man? - Hey. I'm good, I'm good. - I gotta tell you. I gotta tell you, we, uh... - Mm-hmm? - We feel that this kind of isn't fair. We try to be so fair on this show. And I believe you're at a huge disadvantage because we met you and we saw... We knew that you won FISM. And we pay attention to that. - We know that you... you also won, like, "Asia's Got Talent" or something too, right? - Yes, yes. - And so were emailing back and forth about this Eric guy. We were pulling up videos. - Oh. - We were watching it, and we were studying it. We were studying your style and studying your moves, and we emailed back and forth and said, you know, what's great about this guy is he does stage magic techniques with cards. He's got some new stuff. And the stuff he's got that's old, he also does better than anyone's ever done it. So we really became fans of yours. - Wow. - And we analyzed what you did. So for you to come on the show and try to fool us is like a lead baseball bat. I mean, you really... you really don't have a chance. And even with all the video stuff, you fooled us now. So it's really not fair that even when we know all this stuff, you still fooled the out of us. How do you do that? - - Wow. - You fooled them! - How do you do it? - Wow. - You fooled 'em. - You fooled us! Yes! - You did it! - And you didn't have a chance. - Ah. - Oh my gosh. - Yay. - Thank you so much. - Well, I'll gladly accept this on your behalf. And you'll get the trophy... - Aww. - When you come here to Vegas. And you fooled Penn and Teller! - So great, Eric. So great. - Give it up for Eric Chien! - Thank you so much. - Whoo-hoo! - Thank you. Thank you, thank you. - Congrats. Yay. Penn and Teller have been outfoxed, and they're not out of the woods yet. They'll take on more possible Foolers right after this. - Welcome back to "Fool Us." One ticket to Vegas has already been punched. Will we have another? Find out as we meet our next act. - I am a linguist by trade. All of my academic training is in ancient languages. I read Greek, Hebrew, Aramaic. I can kind of fake my way through Ugaritic and Moabite. I do not speak or read Chinese which is a point of great shame to my family because I am Chinese. What I really love about magic is that magicians are excellent communicators. Just look at Teller. He's abandoned language altogether but he's still an excellent communicator. I'm a pastor. And when I did feel that call to ministry, my experience in magic really helped prepare me to step into the pulpit and to connect with an audience. Penn, Teller, I hope you'll see that language can be just as effective as sleight of hand. - Let's change it up with the coin magic of Jeremiah Zuo. - Thank you, Alyson. Thank you, Penn, Teller. I'm so happy to be here. I love the way that magicians use language to fool and delight their audiences... Sometimes other magicians like yourself. So tonight, I wanted to just take a stab at fooling you. Not with a clever apparatus or any sort of sneaky sleight of hand but with a linguistic illusion. I'm gonna use my words to force you to enjoy that otherwise most despised of arts: mime. I wanted to show you a coin trick with six coins. However, only three of them exist. Three of them exist and three of them don't exist. For example, I have a coin on each of my elbows. I don't know if you can see the coins on my elbows, uh, but those two, they actually exist. Those are two of the ones that are real. Those two exist. I also have a third coin behind my ear, a fourth coin behind this ear, a fifth coin in my mouth, and a sixth coin in my beard. Now only three of those coins exist. This one exists. This one exists. This one exists. Uh, but this one doesn't. Neither does this one. And neither does this one. This one doesn't exist. Now I understand if that's confusing because the ones that exist are so very similar to the ones that don't exist. I mean, take a look at 'em. This is an old dollar coin. This is an old dollar coin. This one's made of silver. This one's also made of silver. Minted in the late 1800s. Also minted in the late 1800s. The only difference is this one exists and, uh, this one doesn't. Now I'm gonna move the ones that exist out of the way just so we don't confuse them. 'Cause as a linguist, I love these coins that don't exist. They're fascinating to me because they kind of exist a little bit. We're able to talk about them. We're able to think about them. I'm even able to manipulate them. Look, if I take one of those coins that doesn't exist, and I didn't lap it... don't worry. Like I said, no tricky business. - And I hold it tight in the fist. And I apply just a little bit of effort. Ah! Look. It vanishes. It disappears. It's gone. Completely gone. It doesn't exist anymore. Well, it never did. But now, it doesn't even not exist. Now I only have two coins that don't exist. I have three coins that do exist. I used to have a third coin that didn't exist. But now it doesn't even not exist. I mean, it still kind of exists a little bit 'cause we're still able to talk about it, we're still able to think about it, but now it's two steps removed from reality. But here. I'll do it again. I'll take another one of these coins that doesn't exist, and I'll squeeze it. It doesn't go up the sleeve. Tight in the fist. One last peek. Little less effort. Ah! Look. It disappears. It vanishes. It's gone. Now it doesn't even not exist. I still have three coins that exist but now I only have one coin that doesn't exist, and we have two coins that don't even not exist. And this is interesting. If I take the last coin that doesn't exist, and I make it disappear so it's gone, it looks like nothing's changed. But now, I don't have any coins that don't exist. I have three coins that do exist. And I have three coins that don't even not exist. And the best part is this works at all levels of reality, both linguistically and ontologically. If I take one of the coins that does exist and I squeeze it... ah! Look. It disappears. It vanishes. Now it doesn't exist. That leaves me with just two coins that exist, one coin that doesn't exist, and three coins that don't even not exist. But here. Focus with me on the two that exist. I mean, these two clearly exist. You can see them. You can touch them. You can hear them. But if I snap my fingers and I make one of them disappear, that leaves me with only one coin that exists, two coins that don't exist, and three coins that don't even not exist. And this is the best part, my favorite part. If I make the last coin that exists disappear, gone, so that it doesn't exist anymore, to the latecomers, it looks like I have no coins. But you and I know better. You and I know better. We know that I have six coins: three that don't exist and three that don't even not exist. And you are distinguishing between the two in your brain. You're welcome. And you can explain this to other people. You can recall for them how I had two coins starting on my elbow. You can tell them about the third coin that was behind my ear, the fourth coin behind my other ear, the fifth coin in my mouth, and the sixth coin in my beard. If you are feeling cheeky, you could mention a seventh, an eighth, and a ninth coin. Those are the counterfactual coins, the coins that would've existed should I have chosen to start with them. If you just feel like lying, and, you know, embellishing the story, I don't care. You can tell them I had a 10th, 11th, a 12th coin. I don't mind. You and I, we know the truth. I never had any more or any less than six: three that exist and three that don't. Thank you. - Oh. Jeremiah Zuo! That was delightful. - Oh, thank you so much. - Ugh! - Thank you. - Who knew watching invisible coins would be so much fun? How did you come up with that? - It's just the fun fact that we can talk about things that don't exist. And so I thought why not apply that to a coin trick? - By talking about things that don't exist, do you make them exist? - At one level, yes. - So what's more fooling about this trick? The sleight of hand or the language? - I think for general audiences, it's the language. - Hmm. - For magicians, maybe for them, maybe the sleight of hand. - So you have four kids? - I have four children. Yes. - Wow. And who's your biggest fan? - In terms of magic, it is my five-year-old. He is following in the footsteps. - Oh, boy. And are any of them linguists as well? - My oldest daughter, she is on that path. If not linguistics, then definitely literature or some sort of writing. - All right, well, let's see if your sleight of hand earned you a trophy from Penn and Teller. Boys. - Jeremiah, we like you. - Oh. - We like you so much. That was such a great routine. We just loved it. Absolutely loved it. There's so much we wanna say about this. First of all, we wanna say that there are no gaffs and there's just three coins, which, to people at home, might not mean as much as it means to us, but that's astonishing. That's really beautiful. And your moves are just gorgeous. You know, I'm gonna throw out some jargon. I'm not gonna hide it. But click paths, retention. It's just the best we've seen. And some of that's your own version of those, right? - That is correct. - Ah! Really, really fabulous. Now I have a question that really doesn't have to do with giving you code or anything. It really is a real question. I believe... and Teller was a little skeptical... That when you were using the coins that didn't exist, you were also doing moves to vanish them. Is that right? - Yes. - In terms of your acting. I thought that. And that made the acting so beautiful. I also loved that... Teller pointed out that half your act is just talking. Just like us! - It was just so wonderful all the way through. You know, Teller said the most... Just takes Three Fly, and goes to a whole different level, a whole di... Just beautiful handling. But as beautiful as your sleight of hand is, the idea is... the ideas are really much... Even better. And all of that stuff... Wonderful stuff to think about, wonderful stuff to do. And we would very, very much love to give you a non-existent... - - "Fool Us" trophy. We don't think it ever existed because, as much as we love you, we don't think you fooled us. - Thank you guys so much. - Is that right, Jeremiah? - I think they've got me but I will accept the non-existent trophy. - Okay. With our pleasure. - There you go. - Thank you guys so much. - Aww. Thank you, Jeremiah Zuo! We're taking a quick break but we have more awesome magic up our sleeves. Stick around. - Welcome back. Heads up. Our next act is about to drop in. - My name is Sabine van Diemen and I am from Amsterdam. I didn't start out interested in magic. I started as a dancer, and I was the youngest ever in the Holland Show Ballet. But during rehearsal for opening night, one of the magician's assistants sprained her ankle. And I had only a couple of minutes to learn the fire cage. When I popped out and saw the reaction of the audience, I was hooked. I know I wanted to do this for the rest of my life. As a magician's assistant, you are always the one being sawn in half. And I just thought to myself, "This needs to change." So now I'm a solo magician. I get to saw people in half. Now I'm one of the very few female artists out there. Penn, Teller, I hope that there are young girls in the audience who are going to be hugely inspired by what they're about to see. - Direct from Holland, give it up for Sabine van Diemen! - Hi, Penn and Teller. Hi, Alyson. Welcome to Holland. Now this next illusion is gonna be really dangerous. And I need to trust my boys just as much as they need to trust me. Terrence. - Sabine. - Gabriel, are you ready? - Yes. - That is to show you that the swords that we are using are real and sharp. Let's do this. Go! - Sabine Van Diemen! Hello. - Hi. - All the way from Holland. How's your neck? - Sore. - Yeah. That must take so much strength. - A little, yeah. - - And how gorgeous is Holland with the little canals and the boats? - Oh, so beautiful. There aren't a lot of solo female illusionists, are there? - Not really. But I think it's time that we change that actually. - Do a lot of young women come up to you and wanna talk to you after your show? - Yes. Also, when I do a show, I always make sure I perform a lot of magic with, you know, little girls in the audience. And I try to give them a magic box or something they can practice at home. And I always use the words, "Please practice so in a couple of years, I'll come and see your show." - Aww. All right. It's time to find out if Penn and Teller know how you did your trick. Penn, Teller. - Hey, Sabine. How you doing? - Hi. Hi, I'm good. How are you? - Oh, it's so good. So good. And it's so nice this season that we're able to see you doing stuff, like, out by the canal. You know, that was really wonderful to be able to see that on location 'cause at a stage, you know, we think you could be using a backdrop or a bar or something like that. But out there, you're absolutely sure with the boats going by behind you there's no backdrop, no bars. And it's great that we're not just seeing men doing magic anymore. It's opening up to many, many, many more people. But we still aren't seeing many women doing danger magic so it was great to see you doing that. And also, that we see a woman in charge of the whole thing and making men do stupid gestures... That men have been making women... - Finally! - You had those guys making really stupid gestures around you where you did all the strength and all the tricks. And this a classic of magic. I mean, we're familiar with it a little bit. It was done first by the Fakir of Oolu, who did a little something like you did. He said he could control his weight with his breath. He did that deep breathing stuff. And then, of course, the most important magician of modern times, Robert-Houdin, did that trick with his son. And having the smell of ether. He said it was ether that was making him light. So it's a real classic of magic. And we loved the way you did it. It was a perfect performance. And because it's a classic of magic and because we've studied it so much, we don't think you fooled us. - What do you think, Sabine? Do you know that they know how you did the trick? - Yeah. I think they did. - Thank you so much. Sabine van Diemen! After this quick break, you'll witness the greatest magic duo of all time perform a trick of their own. Don't miss it. - Our next potential Fooler is a retired schoolteacher who has loved magic all his life. He says he would not be in the business if it weren't for Penn and Teller. In fact, he says Penn was the one who inspired him to take the big leap and go professional. That was 45 years ago. Please welcome Teller! No Penn. This trick requires dialogue. But don't worry. Teller's written all the words for you. Just read them off the teleprompter while you watch the magic. Now Teller's very, very sorry if this distracts you from trying to figure out how his trick is done, but there's no way around it. So good luck. Oh, goodness. If I had seen these scissors, I would have known it was you. I should have known. I surprised Teller last season by coming on and trying to fool him. I remember his face... He looked like he'd swallowed his tongue. So I guess it's only fair that the rat bastard is putting me in the hotseat now. Oh, look at this. Scissors and a bell jar with a spool of thread. My favorite color too... pink. So you made this all special for me, huh? Oh, good, good. Thank you. You're winding the thread very carefully so either it matters a lot or you want me to think that it matters a lot. You know a lot about thread from doing the red ball and the needle swallowing. Oh, the scissors. Okay, good. Right there? Cuts like real thread. Cuts like real thread. Now you're folding it into a figure eight just like the needle trick. That's to keep it from tangling when it comes out. I knew that but you knew I knew that. That's why you wrote that part. Uh, you're not gonna do the needle trick. I know how that's done. Kinda. What's that? A plastic film canister. Okay, so I should hold out my hand. He's gonna do the needles? It's full of needles and now they're rolling around in my hand. Nice misdirection. I'm taking one. You're pinching the rolled-up thread under the end of one of the needles. You're squeezing it. Stop! I can't talk, watch, and hold these stupid needles at the same time. Okay. I'll put down the needles. Thank you, son of a jackal. Okay. Now go ahead. You're tapping the needle with the scissors, using the scissors like a magic wand. Do I know this trick? Did you show it to me, like, years ago in that Tommy Wonder book, you weasel? Oh, gee. Some of the threads have melted... Whoa! - Right through the eye of the needle. It's so small. I can't really see. But Teller's got a magnifying glass. Looks like they're... Looks like they're through the needle. You threaded the needle, like, 50 times. Oh, Jimmy, can I examine that? It's beautiful. Can I keep it? Whether or not I figure out the trick, I'll want to remember this moment because anytime either of us wins, we both win. We always are and always will be partners in the same bubble. - All right! Give it up for Teller! - Can I look at this? I can take it to look at it? - Yeah. Okay, Penn. You know how it works. You go back. - I do know. - And I get to interview Teller. This will be very interesting. I'm so excited. So how did you feel when Penn challenged you last season? Ooh! Yeah. Okay. How do you think he felt when you challenged him? Mm-hmm. So... - - Look at him. He's so cute. Aww. And you did it completely without him ever having any clue. And it's true that you actually told him about this trick a year ago or something? Wow. That's amazing. He should pay more attention to you. All right. Well, it's time to go to Penn and see if he figured out your trick. Penn, how about this handsome gentleman? - Well, I gotta hand it to you. I did it last year. I should have known you were doing it. There was no doubt you were gonna do it. Anybody would have figured out that you were gonna do it. I should have been prepared for it. But on that front, you completely fooled me. I had no idea you were gonna do a trick for me. I was even talking to you about doing the trick last year and how I tried to find... How hard it was to figure out one. I had that whole conversation as though we where shooting a movie and I knew what it was foreshadowing. But I didn't know. You completely fooled... On that, you completely fooled me 100%. And on this, you completely fooled me 100%. I can't even know where to start. So you bring down the trophy. - Yay! - I can shake his hand. - We have a Fooler! - I can shake his hand. We have a Fooler. - Whoo-hoo! And now you have to give him the trophy. Yay! That was a big surprise for Penn. We'll have more surprises for everyone next time on "Fool Us." Good night from Las Vegas. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 