Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e4 - Teller Talks!!! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 4 - Teller Talks!!! - full transcript 
 Aspiring magicians, Miranda Allen, Iñaki Zabaletta, Keith Kong and Guilherme Silveira, are invited to perform their best trick to try and fool the world-famous team of Penn and Teller. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - From the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ - Welcome to "Fool Us." Tonight, you're not only gonna see some amazing magic. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're also gonna learn to perform some amazing magic. Get yourself a small ball, ping pong ball, a golf ball, or even make your own ball out of tinfoil, because Penn and Teller are gonna teach us all how to do a trick. But before magic class starts, they'll be put to the test by some of the world's best magicians. Ladies and gentlemen, the incredible Penn and Teller! [cheers and applause] [bombastic big band music] ♪ ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Take a minute to catch your breath, boys. It's time for our first magician. [fireworks boom] - I come from a classical theater background. I came out of theater school, and I needed a job. I saw an audition posting for this giant puppetry company, and they taught me to stilt walk. I found myself at events that had these big street shows, and I was fascinated by these people that could create theater anywhere. So I decided to become a street performer. I learned my first straitjacket escape. When I saw the visceral reaction that audiences had to it, I decided I wanted to go further with escape. An escape is like a puzzle. Like any problem in life, step by step, we can find our way through. I wanted to do something that would really make a splash. I wanted to do something big and dangerous for "Fool Us." This is the most dangerous escape I've ever done. [dramatic music] [cheers and applause] - Fasten your seatbelts, and get ready for Miranda Allen. [cheers and applause] - Many people come to Las Vegas with their friends in search of a crazy experience. Well, after tonight, we might have everybody beat. With Sarah's help, I will be attempting an unusual escape from a dangerous substance. [chains clanking] - Red wine. [laughter] - Restrained with handcuffs and chains, I will be submerged inside this barrel, locked beneath the lid with a maximum security padlock. There will be no air. And if there were light, I couldn't see it. My eyes will be clenched shut against the burn of the wine. - And no, she can't drink her way out. [laughter] - Alyson, will you please hold this key? - Sure. - Do nothing unless Sarah holds her hand out like this. If she does so, place the key in her hand. And then get out of the way of the rescue attempt. - Oh, great. - Understood? - Yes. - For now, we'll just ask you to stand over here next to our beautiful assistants. - Ah, hello. Hi. - Ready? - Ready. [dramatic drum music] ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ - You got me? - I got you. ♪ ♪ I just locked my best friend in a barrel full of wine. Just a really normal thing to do. You know? [laughter] [knocks] - [knocks from inside barrel] - I do these knocks every fifteen seconds so that I know she's not dead. And that she knows she's not dead. [laughter] She says it helps her focus through the panic. ♪ ♪ [knocks] - [knocks from inside barrel] [thumping inside barrel] - An adult can drown in about sixty seconds. So if something goes wrong, I have a minute minus the time it takes me to figure out she's in trouble to get her out. [knocks] [knocks more intently] [bleep]. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [chains falling] ♪ ♪ - [gasping for air] [cheers and applause] [triumphant music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause continue] - Miranda Allen! Here's your key. Aww. Wow, that was so intense. - It's a bit intense. [laughs] - I mean, probably more so for you than for me... [laughter] But, you know, I was pretty stressed out. - I'm sorry for making you feel that way. - You must really trust Sarah. - Honestly, that is one of the things to me that this act is about is about trust. Absolutely. And I'm so grateful to have her here with me to make this happen. - Ah, how intense is it for you? - Oh, it's like having a heart attack in real time. [laughter] - Okay. - But I've told her from the beginning that as long as I don't have to get in the barrel, I'll do everything else. [laughter] - All right. Well let's see if you can escape with the trophy. - Well, all right. - Boys... - Miranda, Sarah, the... the first thing we said when the applause died down... Which was quite a while before we could hear each other... Was that that's just perfect. It's beautiful. It's sexy. It's heroic. And this is laid out what an escape should be, what Houdini always did, which is the escape artist is the hero. Full stop. And adding friendship in, well, needless to say, that... that... That touches us. You're also not the same height, so of course, we're very moved by that. [laughter] And using the phrase "best friend" is just so powerful, and I've never seen that in an escape act. We've done a zillion escape acts, and we've never thought of throwing that in. And you could hear the whole audience turn when that happened. It was just beautiful. But still you have all the excitement. When you put those handcuffs on, we got all jumpy. And I'll also say that I just can't find enough good to say about this except you're a hero and you celebrated friendship. And I'll also say that Teller and I have done an awful lot with locks and with escapes and with being under liquid. But this is such a hard sentence to say. 'Cause I don't think you fooled us. But you inspired us, and it was such beautiful, heroic, safe, and moral act that I just loved every second of. - Aww. - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - So does it sound like the boys know the secrets of your trick? - Of course they do. But it was such a joy to come here and share this with you. - Aww. - Thank you. - Just fabulous. - Thank you. Miranda Allen! [cheers and applause] We're gonna throw to commercial, and fingers crossed, they throw it back. Hopefully more "Fool Us" in a moment. [cheers and applause] [upbeat mysterious music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. Let's open the oven, and see what this next magician has cooking. [fireworks boom] - My name is Inaki Zabaletta. I am from Argentina. Magicians... we're like the phoenix, the bird. We put all our energy in our show. But when the show finishes, it doesn't matter if it's a good show or bad show, you're always going to burn, and be reborn at the next show. Thinking this way takes a lot of pressure off me. Magicians should not be very worried about failing in magic. The bullfighter should be very worried about failing. But magician? What could happen, you know? Nobody dies. I don't like an easy audience. I prefer an audience who's questioning what I'm doing. Keep you sharp. Penn and Teller are the most challenging audience in the world. So, like a phoenix, I will burn to ash... later. [applause] - Please welcome the magical mind of Inaki Zabaletta. [cheers and applause] - Thank you. Thank you very much. Welcome. My name is Inaki Zabaletta. I am from Argentina. It's a pleasure to be here with all of you. And please, Penn and Teller, can you join me? Please, Alyson, join us also. - Whoo. - Thank you very much. [applause] Thank you for coming. For this experience, we're going to use a deck of cards. But, um, I have a plan. I'm not going to try to fool you. - Good. - Alyson is going to do it. - Oh, good. - So, if she does... If she does fool you, it's our success. - Yes. - If she doesn't, it's her fault. [laughter] Yes, okay. It's okay. So we are going to do an intuition test. In this way. We are going through an elimination process. So we are going to eliminate cards until we only have four cards, okay? So take a big bunch of cards, like half of the cards. Yes, take a big bunch like that one. And face up. Put it there. There, yes. We are going to eliminate those cards. Just put them there. Yes, that's it. You are going to make all the decisions here, Alyson. You're going to make all the decisions. So from where do you want to eliminate cards? From top, from bottom, or from the middle? - Um, middle. - Middle, okay. Take a bunch of cards from the middle. Yes. Take, take, take, take. It's up to you. You make all the decisions. - Okay. - So face up and put it there. Yeah, right there. From where? From top, bottom, middle? It's up to you. - Bottom. - Bottom, okay. Bottom okay. Take the cards, put it there. From where? Now we have less cards. So only two or three cards. From where? From middle, from bottom? - Mm, top. - From, top, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Those... okay, yes. It's okay, it's okay. So, now how many? Five. One more card. Only one. Only one. Which one? That one? Okay. This is an intuition test. Let's see Alyson's intuition. Look. We have here... It's the four aces. - Oh! [applause] All right. - You are amazing! - I'm amazing. - I have another plan. - Okay. - What if instead Alyson tried to fool you, you try to fool yourself? - Okay. - So, if you... if you do fool yourself, it's our success. - Uh-huh. If you don't, it's your fault. - Yes, yes. [laughter] - That's the same, yes. Eh, let's do it like this. First I am going to... to shuffle a little... little bit. And please, Teller, you say stop whenever you want. Say stop. Before I finish it. - [laughs] - Eh! Okay. Take a look at this card. It's not important, the number of the card. The important thing is the suit of the card, okay? The same for you. - Okay. - You say stop whenever you want. - Stop. - Okay. You have this card? The suit? Okay. Keep that suit in your mind. Alyson, which one do you want to use? Penn or Teller's? Which one? - Well, he talks more. So that one. - So now you are going to take out from the pack 12 cards, but in order to take this... This 12 cards from different part of the pack, let me... I am going to take out the aces. Won't use these four. In order to take the cards from different part of the pack, we are going to do three piles. - Okay. - So, look. This is going to be the first pile. This is going to be the second one. And the third one. So, starting with you please take your packet. Shuffle the cards. And put here any four cards you like. Any four. It's up to you. Any four. Face down, face down. So we keep the mystery there. We'll do a pile there. And we have any four. Okay. This packet, leave it there. The same... the same for you please. Did you shuffle the cards? And the same. Four cards. Any four cards you like. It's up to you. Put it there. - All together. All together. - On top of them? - Yeah, on top of them, yes. [intriguing music] Good. [mumbling] The last packet, who... who wants to do it? You or? Okay. You shuffle the cards same. [imitating shuffling] And put four cards there. Any four you like. There. ♪ ♪ Mm, he choose well. - Oh, and he made them flip. - Don't worry. So this one, we don't need anymore. So, we have the 12 cards you have chosen, and also we have the four aces. Each Ace represents a suit. And you have a suit in your mind, right? - I do. - We agreed to do... To use yours. - We did. - Right. - Which was? - Spades. - Spades. Okay. So I want to put the ace of spades here. And now, let's see your intuition this time. - Look, here we have a spade. We have a spade. This is a spade. This is a spade. And there you go. You have chosen the complete suit... [crowd oohing] [cheers and applause] Of spades. [applause] Amazing! - Amazing. - Intuition, guys. Amazing. So we have the 12 cards of spades. The complete suit of spades. Yes? So sometimes people ask me, "What happens if instead of spades, they choose another suit?" Well, I have to tell you. This never happens. So you have the same suit, right? Spades in your mind. Spades. No? This means no? He don't have the same one. He don't have. - Wow. - We have to do different this way. Which is your... your suit? - Aww. - Hearts? I have to put the ace of hearts here. And now I have to do some Argentinean magic moment. Just like this. Before we have here only suit of spades. But now we have the suit of hearts. The two of hearts, the three, the four, the five, the six, the seven, the eight, the nine, the ten, the jack, the queen, and the king. The complete suit of hearts. [cheers and applause] - Inaki Zabaletta! That's fantastic. We were awesome. - What do you think? Do you think you fooled them or what? - I think we did. - Do you think? [laughter] - So tell me about your very first professional show. - My very first professional show was a kid's show. Um, I was maybe 14 years old. Something. And when I finished my show, and all the kids stand up, and I thought they were coming here to say hello to me or something? No. They steal all my props. - [gasps] - So they, like... Like little piranhas, they go... [imitating animal] And run away. So I said... - Man. - One time, a kid bite me. - What? [laughter] He bit you? - Yes. Because the little kid on stage sometimes get afraid, so when he stands... Stands with you, normally, he hugs your leg like this. - Oh. - Poor kid. He's afraid. And then he... [chomps] Bite... bite my leg. [laughter] I was like, "Oh, whose... Hannibal Lecter's mother here?" I see the kid... [laughter] - All right. Well let's find out... - We're done? Okay. - Let's find out if you fooled Penn and Teller. - Let's find out. - Yeah, let's find out how we did. Boy. That's a great routine. It's a really beautiful, really smart routine. And your handling of cards is just gorgeous all the way through. And, um... the... the techniques we think you're using are incredibly inventive. I mean, they're really brand new, cutting edge stuff. None of this is the standard stuff in any magic book anyone's gonna find. Really new, really good stuff. You also did the very, very brave thing of bringing us up to the table. A lot of times, more cowardly magicians will leave us back here. You put us right there. And you also put the tall guy, the really tall guy right closest to you. And those are kind of the breaks. 'Cause when the tall guy's right there, I can see stuff, you know? So I'll just tell you we loved it all the way through. And as you made very, very clear in all of your patter, if something goes wrong, and you don't fool us, it's our fault. It was so much our fault. In every way. - Okay. Thank you very much. - Aww. - It was a pleasure to stay here. Thank you. Thank you, Alyson. - Thank you. - See you next time. Thank you. My pleasure. - Inaki Zabaletta! - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - They figured that one out, but Penn and Teller still have a lot of work to do. They'll take on more magicians, and also perform an amazing trick of their own. Stay close. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Fool Us," home of TV's best magic. Here's our next potential fooler. [fireworks boom] - With mentalism, there's two types of audience members. There's skeptics, and then there's believers. Some of the believers can be really intense. I get phone calls in the middle of the night from fans who say they hear voices in their heads, and they know I'll understand. I like to let people decide for themselves. A few years ago, I did a corporate gig in India, and the hotel staff found out that I do metal bending. When I did three quick metal bending effects, people started calling me "jadugar," which I later found out means "sorcerer." I feel great about coming in front of Penn and Teller because even though they're really skeptical when it comes to mentalism, I believe that Penn and Teller want to be fooled. There's an old phrase in mentalism. I'd like to get it tattooed on my arm. "The world wants to be deceived" Everyone wants that sense of wonder, and Penn and Teller are no different. [cheers and applause] - Give it up for Keith Kong! [cheers and applause] - I brought a gift tonight because I've been a fan of Penn and Teller for a very long time. Actually that's not true. I'm really just a big fan of Penn. [crowd awws] - [laughs] I like that. - I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Nothing against you, Teller. But tonight, this gift really is just for Penn. But that's because he's going to earn it by singing a song. Are you ready to sing for us, Penn? - I certainly am. - That's fantastic. And to help you out with that, I've brought a list full of songs that most people know the words to. - Okay. - Can we grab a close-up of this list, and put it up on the monitor for everyone to see? Perfect. And Alyson, will you join me over here please? Because you are going to decide which song Penn is going to sing. - Good, I thought you were gonna make me sing, and that was not gonna be fun. [laughter] - Alyson. - Yes. - I want you to take a moment to look over the list, and circle any song, but make sure it's a song that you think Penn would know all of the words to. - [laughs] - "Desolation Row." [laughter] - Thank you so much. - Thank you. - Wow. Alyson chose "Old MacDonald." And Alyson, you could've chosen any song on this list. You could've chosen "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star," couldn't you have? - Could've. - And I'm sure you know the words to that. Right, Penn? - I do, I do. - I'm sure you know the words to a lot of songs on this list. Songs like... "Happy Birthday." - Ah, yes. - "Mary Had a Little Lamb." - Yes. - Or, uh... "The Star-Spangled Banner." - Yes. - But of all the songs you could've picked, Alyson, you picked "Old MacDonald." - Mm-hmm. - Do you know what's crazy about that? - Hm? - Penn's already sang that song on the show. Isn't that right, Penn? - Not that I remember. - Wait. You're telling me that you don't remember singing "Old MacDonald" on this show? - I don't remember that. No. But the third season was a blur. [laughter] - Well, I've watched every single episode of this show. And I brought a clip to share with everyone tonight. And it's of you, Penn. - Really? - Watch this. ["Old MacDonald" plays] - ♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪ ♪ E i e i o ♪ ♪ And on that farm, he had a chicken ♪ ♪ E i e i o ♪ ♪ With a cluck, cluck here ♪ ♪ And a cluck, cluck there ♪ ♪ Here a cluck, there a cluck ♪ ♪ Everywhere a cluck, cluck ♪ ♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪ ♪ E i e i o ♪ [laughs] [cheers and applause] - Great. - Thank you. Wow, Penn. With all of that hard work, I think you've earned this gift. But it's not just any gift. It's a very special gift to remind you that of all the songs Alyson could've chosen, she chose a very specific song. You see, Penn, I made you your very own platinum record, and engraved on the plaque are the words, "Penn Jillette's Old MacDonald." [cheers and applause] That is a gift for you. - Thank you so much. - Keith Kong! - Look at this. With a cluck, cluck here. - Hi. So, what made you come up with that idea? - Well, you know, I've been a fan of the show for so long, and I've seen these videos online of... of people singing and stuff like that. My first choice was Teller, but I didn't think that would work out. [laughter] - You definitely would've gotten it right if you picked, like, "Silent Night." - Yeah... [laughter] - Could we... could we see the list? - This list? - The list of songs. - I think we can allow that, yeah. - Okay. Thank you. - This is interesting. Oh. [laughter] Does that make you more nervous? - It does not. [laughs] - Ooh, that's good. Makes me nervous, and it's not my trick. [laughter] All right, well good. Maybe they wanna see what other songs they could've picked. - Yeah. - So what did you do before you became a professional magician? - I started performing on my 11th birthday, so it's been pretty much this the whole time. Most kids have an entertainer come to their party. I was the kid entertaining at the party. - Wow. - Yeah. - All right, well let's see if you hit the right notes and fooled the boys. - All right. - Boys. - Keith, Keith, uh... I liked me singing. That was good. I liked me singing when I don't have to work at all. I'll tell you. There's one way you could've gotten that trophy instantly. And that is if you would've gotten rights to all the Dylan catalog. So that I could've sung any Bob Dylan song. That trophy would've come down right away. But as it is... We're look... looking at this, and we're going, you know, uh... we, uh... we kind of know a lot of what the audience knows. We kinda know that although Alyson thinks and acted like she had a completely free choice, we don't think that that could be possible. We think that there must be what magicians call a "force." Some sort of force. We don't know what that force is. You fooled us. - [gasps] [cheers and applause] You fooled them! Whoo! - Thank you. - We have a fooler! Keith Kong! Congratulations. - Thank you, guys. - Keith Kong! [cheers and applause] Cocka-doodle-fool. Penn and Teller just got woken up by one clever rooster. Give them a moment to catch their breath. We'll be right back. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. Penn and Teller were just fooled, but they've recouped and recovered. Now they're ready for this next magician. [fireworks boom] - When I was a child, I realized I was really good at math, and everybody else realized I was really bad at soccer. But I'm from Brazil, and nobody wanted to hang out with me. I ran a company with 200 employees. But I couldn't even shuffle a deck of cards properly. But then I watched every episode of "Fool Us." Every single one. I could feel it giving me this power. - You fooled our asses backwards. - So "Fool Us" was my magic school. My brother turns 40, and I wanted to do a special trick for his birthday. And he couldn't figure it out. My brother is a genius. He's even smarter than me. [chimes] Penn, Teller, if he couldn't figure it out, maybe nobody can, not even you. [cheers and applause] - Here to mess with your mind is Guilherme Silveira. [cheers and applause] - Thank you. - Hi. - Hello. My name is Guilherme, and I am from Brazil. Brazil is a country very famous for its beautiful beaches, Bossa nova, and time travelers. [all chuckle] Now I know some of you don't believe I'm a time traveler myself. But I'm here to prove it. Before we started, I went to the future. I saw tonight's results, and came back. Then I sent an email with my predictions to Penn. Penn, can you confirm that you have an unread email from me? - It's unprofessional to have a phone on the set, but I'll do it anyway. [laughter] Under mail... Oh, yes! I do. I do have an email from you right there. It's the most recent one I got. - Great. Let's get started. First, Alyson. I have something for you. - Oh, thank you. - Here I have a bunch of finger animals. - Aww. - Would you please take three, and put them on your left fingers? - Okay. [whispering] I'll take a tiger. Neat. Um... - So many choices for each one. - I'll take the little fish. Oh, it's kind of like... He's gonna eat my finger. No, I... no. Huh-huh. Gonna get personal with him. [laughter] Sorry, fish. Oops. And I'll do the little elephant. - Great. Now would you please remove two of them? - Hm. Well, I feel bad for that one, so. Um, and two? Uh, it'll be harder to hold that finger up, so. - Great. So I see you chose the tiger. And the tiger is a very good choice, because I knew you were going to select it tonight. - Hm. - Right. - I didn't. - Now, Teller, let's play. [whimsical music] Here I have a bunch of dice. ♪ ♪ You can pick any quantity, any amount from one to seven. Please. So you chose the quantity of five dice. And the amount of five dice is very good. It gives us around 26 possibilities. Please roll them. ♪ ♪ Okay. One, one, three, three, four. So I see that your total was 12. And 12 is a very good number, because I knew you were going to get it tonight. [laughter] Now, Penn. - Yeah. - I have something for you. - Oh, boy. - Please, here. Take one. [mysterious music] - Having more trouble than I should. Here we go. - So you chose the pink color. - I did. - And the pink color is a very good choice. - It sure is. - And I have another thing for you. - Okay... Oh, no. Oh. - Here is a map of the United States. Please choose one state, and paint it. - I'm trying to pink out Massachusetts. Which must mean something in Dorchester. [laughter] There we go. I have pinked out Massachusetts. - Let me take a look. That's great. And if you think about it, you just turned the state of Massachusetts into a pink state. - I did. - That's great. Thank you very much. Now let's remember. One hour ago, I was backstage. I time traveled into the future. I saw tonight's results. And came back. Then I sent an email to Penn. Now, Penn, emails are a very dangerous thing. Once you have sent an email, there's nothing you can do about it. Now please open the email, and read out loud what I wrote before we started. - I sure will. I'm opening it right now. It says... "My prediction for today..." Alyson will pick the tiger! - The tiger. Amazing. [applause] Please read the next picture once. - "Teller will use five dice." - Five dice. - "Teller will roll a 12." - 12. Incredible. Can you read the last two ones, please? - "Penn"... that's me... "Will use a pink crayon. Penn..." - Pink crayon. - "Penn will color the state of Massachusetts." And you can spell Massachusetts and I can't. - [laughs] - That's incredible. Ladies and gentlemen, it's a miracle! [cheers and applause] - Guilherme Silveira! [cheers and applause] Is this really your first magic trick ever? - Um, in a show, it is. But I did a lot of tricks for my family when I was really, really like a baby. I would do a bathroom stall escape trick. - Wow. - I would close the door, lock it from the inside, and crawl from underneath the door to the outside. - So really, you were just tricking the person who has to go to the bathroom next. - Yeah, now I feel very bad about it nowadays, but it was very fun at the time. - Oh, man. - Yeah, yeah. - You've just given a lot of children some bad ideas. Oh... [laughing maniacally] - Okay. It's time to turn to Penn and Teller and see if you fooled them. - Yeah. - Boys. - Guilherme. Boy, what a great trick. What a great trick. And I wanna tell people, uh, which I think is really important that we point this out, that everybody at home who they watch the show, they see it, they think there's all sorts of clever ways to make people look like they have a free choice when they don't. And, uh, there was no force. They were all free choices. Alyson could've picked anything she wanted. Uh, Teller could've picked any amount of dice. Could've thrown any number. And I could've picked any color of... And what's also interesting is you did travel in time. - Mm-hmm. - You actually sent that email arrived in the inbox before you started. That's completely true. There's no scam on that. You did travel in time. And then you went into the future, then you went into the back, went to the future, went to the back, and you sent us an image from the past into the future into the past into the future. The image was there. It was all 100% legitimate. With no sneaking, no lying, no nothing. And on top of that, you didn't fool us. We don't think. Did I give you enough stuff in there? - What do you think? Do you think you fooled them or no? - A time traveler fellow knows each other. - Aww. [laughter] - Yeah, yeah. - All right. Guilherme Silveira! - Thank you so much. - Thank you. Thank you, Penn and Teller. - Thank you. Thank you very much. - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - Remember the ball I talked about at the beginning of the show? You're gonna need it, because up next, Penn and Teller are gonna teach you an amazing magic trick. You don't wanna miss it. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Fool Us." It's time. Like you at home, I have my little ball, and I'm ready to learn a magic trick from magic's greatest duo, Penn and Teller! [cheers and applause] - Yeah. Teller is going to teach you a magic trick. Now, when Teller and I work together, Teller doesn't speak. That means a lot of people wonder what his voice sounds like. And they don't just mean the sonority and the texture. They mean his vocabulary, sentence structure, the way he forms an argument. Well Teller, when I first met him... and this is true... Was a language teacher. [laughter] And Teller is extremely articulate. Speaks very, very well. Although I do all the talking for us, we work on my monologues together. For this next trick, teaching you a move in magic is all gonna be in Teller's words. Every single word I say is written by Teller with no editing by me. So if you have at home a little aluminum foil ball, or a coin, or a key, you can do this along with Teller, and learn a magic move called The French Drop. This is all Teller. [laughter] Good evening, students of the venerable art of chicanery. [laughter] The subterfuge you're about to learn will enable you to convince an audience that an object is here when in truth, it is there. The maneuver is called The French Drop. It is the most versatile move in sleight of hand. Every serious conjuror must learn it. It is the magician's rite to passage. Let us... - [whispering indistinctly] - All right. [in accent] De passage. It is the magician's rite de passage. Let us begin. Hold the ball between the thumb and index finger of your right hand. Now allow the ball to roll lightly into the palm. There's no effort. Gravity does the work. Now repeat. But this time, bring the ball to the left hand. Allow the left thumb to pass under the right thumb. Close the fingers over the ball as if taking it but secretly let it roll down into the right palm as your left hand simulates the presence of the ball, and moves away. To do this convincingly requires some study. Place the ball in your hand, and note the exact position of the fingers. Now remove the ball, and match that finger position. The hand may be partly open but only you can see that flaw. [laughter] Try to feel the imaginary ball in your hand. [laughter] The more real it becomes to you, the more real it will seem to the spectators. But be warned. At the moment you do The French Drop, if you are an honest human being, you will feel guilt. [laughter] You may reflexively blink your eyes to avoid beholding your wickedness. Blinking is an unconscious giveaway, what we call "a tell." My tell is to look up with my eyebrows raised in frank, wide-eyed innocence. [laughter] Penn's tell is to clear his throat, and do the move at blistering speed to get it out of the way. Yeah. I do that. [laughter] To minimize these tells, follow the movement of the imaginary ball with your eyes. Shamelessly look directly at your hands and move them suavely in a smooth, continuous line. [laughter] Now enlist the aid of a patient friend with a massive tolerance for mind-numbing repetition. [laughter] As an only child, I used my mother. Alternate between genuinely passing the ball and doing The French Drop. When your mate, your mother, or your mirror can't tell true from false, or catch a flash of guilt on your dishonest face... [laughter] Congratulate yourself. [applause] You've trained yourself to lie in cold blood. Or as the French say, sang-froid. - [whispering indistinctly] [in exaggerated French accent] Sang-froid! As the French say, sang-froid. At last, you're ready to do magic. Reach into your pocket for some magic dust, and ditch the ball. Sprinkle your hands but don't immediately show it empty. Make it a magical drama. The ball is melting! It's burning your flesh like hot steam. [laughter] [applause] Try The French Drop for a transformation. With a little preparation... [crowd oohs] A ball blooms into a flower. [cheers and applause] To make young children shriek with laughter, pre-set a grape in your mouth. Then take a second grape, and handling it just like the ball, pretend to smash it against your head. Then... [laughter] The children will be so busy chasing the grape across the floor, they won't notice you eating the evidence. [laughter] [cheers and applause] This single, simple sleight opens the door to so many wonders. Practice it well. Then go forth and astonish the world with The French Drop. Or as they say in France, Le Tourniquet. [laughter] - [whispering indistinctly] - Le Tourniquet. Le tour... Or The French Drop, or as they say in France... - Le Tourniquet. [all gasping] Le Tourniquet. Just drop the terminal T. Come on. Everybody with me. Le Tourniquet. Ready? All: Le Tour-ni-quet. Try again. ["Le Marseillaise" playing] [cheers and applause] - Ah! I've gotta make tonight's show disappear, and now I know how to, thanks to Penn and Teller. Come back next week when we reappear with more fools. - More "Fool Us" next week. More "Fool Us" next week. [cheers and applause] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 