Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e2 - Teller vs. Penn - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 2 - Teller vs. Penn - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [applause] - From the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ - Welcome to "Fool Us." I don't think anyone's ever compared Las Vegas to Camelot, but every year magicians make the pilgrimage here 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to try and pull off the holy grail of magic... To do a trick good enough to fool true magic royalty... Our very own King Arthur and Merlin, Penn and Teller! [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Don't forget... anyone who fools Penn and Teller gets the prestigious "Fool Us" trophy and a trip back to Vegas to perform with Penn and Teller. Here's our first potential fooler. [upbeat music] - The main reason I do magic is simply for the reactions. I have a TV show called "Tricked." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's a hidden-camera show where people don't know I'm actually a magician. Chicken salad? - Yeah. - So, for example, I could, like, a clerk at a sandwich shop, and somebody would order, like, a chicken sub and a live chicken comes out. - [gasps] Are you kidding me? - Just... [imitates explosion] - This is the coolest thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. - I like to melt people's brains. A whole brain trust of magicians actually helped me create the trick you're gonna see tonight... A squad of illusionists specifically to fool Penn and Teller. So watch out. We're coming for you. If I do stump them, I want to do it in a way that'll make them respect me. No red herrings, no weird moves to make them think something else... I want to be an honorable fooler. [cheers and applause] - Please welcome the manic magic of Eric LeClerc. - [screams] Yeah! Whoo! What's up, everybody? Whoo! Look, Mom, I made it to Vegas! This is for all the other moms. And some dads. You know, when I heard I was gonna be on "Penn & Teller: Fool Us," I nearly shipped myself, because it's cheaper than plane tickets. And... No, ship, ship myself, like, in a box... shipping. In a box. I realize that is a dad joke. I'm allowed one, even though I don't have kids. Whoo! Big win! [applause] That gets applause? I'm into it. I'm into it! [applause continues] Hi. Ladies and gentlemen, our experiment today is gonna require the use of an assistant. And who do we have here? - Fabian. - Fabian, everybody! [cheers and applause] Fabian, think of this. One in 52... Those are the odds that most magicians use to prove their magical powers. Somebody picks a card, they put it back in the deck after signing it. Amongst 51 other possibilities, the magician always finds the card. Pretty amazing. Pretty good odds. - Yes, sir. - But not good enough for "Penn & Teller: Fool Us." Today my odds of success aren't going to be one in 52, but rather one in 26,497 Styrofoam packing peanuts. Four hundred and six... Four hundred and seven... Seventy-two... There's just a lot. There's a lot of packing peanuts. Your honors, may I approach the bench? [upbeat music] - Oh, this is great. - Oh, before I do, nobody has a peanut allergy? - I d... [laughs] - Okay. Teller, I'd like you to please go ahead. Pick a peanut, any peanut. That's great. And with this pen, I'd like you to write your favorite amendment from the Bill of Rights on the peanut. Just initial both sides, is fine. Thank you. While they do that, Fabian, you and I are going to mix this box. We're gonna lift it in the air. We shake it like this. You can go like this, too. Like that. - Oh. - Great. Place it down. Thank you very much. You can have a seat. Teller, how is that packing peanut going? Perfect. I don't want to touch it with my hands. ♪ ♪ It is now time to reunite our poor lone packing peanut with its friends and family. ♪ ♪ Bye, little buddy. All right, Fabian, here's the fun part. Let's mix this box up. Go ahead. You can close your flap. That's great. How about now, Fabian? Are you having fun? - A lot. - Yeah, a lot now. That's great. Okay, so take your right hand. Place it on top just like this. We're gonna lift the box up, and now's our time to shine. Go ahead. Shake it, Fabian. Shake it like your mama gave you. Come on. Put your back into it. Like this, Fabian. - Oh. - Put your back into it. Your back into... like this... Upside down, upside down. Yeah. - Okay. [laughter] - Thank you very much. Fabian, behind you, you will find rollers with industrial-strength glue. - Uh-huh. - I'd like you to go ahead and dip the rollers into the glue. ♪ ♪ Perfect. Here's the fun part. You're going to douse me in that glue. Let me show you how. Just like this. ♪ ♪ [audience oohs] ♪ ♪ Fabian, can you do my back? Just rub it in like sunscreen, Fabian, yeah. You get in there. You get in there. All the nooks and crannies, buddy. Needless to say, my parents are very proud of my life choices. [laughter] All right, Fabian, here's what's gonna happen. I'm gonna blindfold myself... and jump in that box. Ugh. Fabian, for right now, you can go and have a seat. When I jump in the box, the audience will join you, the nice countdown from 20 to one. You're gonna start it for them. Everybody, Fabian... [cheers and applause] [exhales sharply] [chuckles] Here we go. All: 20, 19, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. [cheers and applause] [drumroll] [rim shot] [audience murmuring] [gulps] [cheers and applause] [laughter] - Eric LeClerc! [cheers and applause continue] Nice to air-meet you. This is a messy act to practice. - Yeah. I mean, you guys have people here to clean this up. - No, I know, but at your house. - Yeah. - Like, do you practice at your house will all these peanuts? - I did practice this. It was a big mess. Worth it, though. - Yes. - Yeah. - Well, let's see if the boys went nuts trying to solve your trick. Boys? - What a great routine. - Thank you. - You know, we've been trying for, what, 30 years, to come up with a really good needle-in-a-haystack routine and using a little bit... Although not as well as you did... A little bit of that premise, needle in a haystack... - Right. - Finding something impossible. - Yes. - It's really, really good. And it's also great to see someone who really understands what this show is about. - Thank you so much. - The show is called "Fool Us." But the real reason for this show is for people to come on and do fabulous, original magic... [applause] And be funny and entertaining every step of the way. I have to ask you a question. Teller thought you had some sort of container. We're not gonna describe it exactly, but some sort of jar or something that you carefully placed the hero in, and I thought I remembered it actually fluttering down. But did you place it... Was it carefully placed? - It was let go at about right here. Just... - Okay, well, like I said, Eric, the important part of the show is to do a really entertaining, wonderful piece of innovative magic that the whole audience loves, and the part of the show that doesn't matter nearly as much is the fact that you fooled us. - Yeah! [cheers and applause] Can I shake your hand? - Really great job. Really great. - Oh, I was so scared you were gonna hug me. [cheers and applause continue] Yay! Whoo! Eric LeClerc! - Oh, my God. - Thank you! Whoo-hoo! I thought Penn and Teller knew every trick in the book, but looks like they skipped a page. We'll let them study up during the break. Stay close. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. If you're just joining us, you missed Penn and Teller getting fooled. Maybe you can see it happen again with our next act. - I started doing magic to get girls. As a teenager, I was bedeviled by insecurity, and I wondered what would make the opposite sex admire me. Then a friend of mine made a toothpick disappear, and it totally freaked me out. He showed me the method, and it seemed doable. Playing around with illusions changed me. To perform takes confidence, so I had to find some inside me. I tried out for "Fool Us" because I met a famous magician, and he told me that I wasn't good enough to be on the show. So I worked hard on an original illusion, and, amazingly... I'm here. I'm still terribly afraid at times. I constantly move between joy and self-doubt. Which will win out? [chuckles] I guess we're about to see. Tonight on "Fool Us," I will hurl myself into the abyss, and hopefully my magic will catch me. [applause] - Here with a randomly pre-selected host of the show is Dev Sherman! [cheers and applause] - I feel like I'm standing in a dream... an absolutely incredible dream. I can't believe that I get to show a magic trick in front of two of the greatest magicians alive. I can't... I can't believe it. - Aw. - [laughs] [cheers and applause] I never thought that I was actually good enough to be here. Never. [dramatic tone] - That's because you're not good enough. You're just an average, ordinary magician. Look at your suit. There's a stain on your pocket square. - [sighs] Sorry about that. That's the voice of my inner critic. Um, he gets really annoying and loud, especially when I'm about to do magic, right? And sometimes... Hold on. If I just... do that. No more stain. - Ahh. - Thank you. Yeah, sometimes I can't keep him quiet. So what I do is I draw. - Oh. - I draw symbols that have a magical effect on me, right? First I draw waves. Let me show you. Let me show you what I draw. First, I draw waves. Can you see that? Yeah, perfect. [exhales sharply] Waves because they remind me to breathe, right? Like, they rise and fall. They remind me to breathe in... [inhales deeply] - [breathing deeply] - And breathe out. [exhales deeply] - Oh. - [laughs] That's fine. - Okay. - It calms me down, right? And then we draw a fish hook. [exhales sharply] Fish hook. - Oh. - A fish hook signifies strength and determination. So every time I draw it, I feel stronger and more determined. - Okay. - And then finally I draw the lotus. The lotus... [exhales sharply] Signifies purity. [exhales sharply] Purity because it grows in these dark, dirty, muddy conditions, but it blooms into this beautiful flower. So it makes me feel like, even though my inner critic is clearly not very nice to me, I can still do beautiful magic... like this. So we have one, two, three, four cards, and one of them has symbols on them. But if I wave... This printed to two cards. If I wave again... now they're on three. And one more time... One, two, three, four. Every card. One, two, three... [dramatic tone] - That's not beautiful magic. It's only four cards. - Let's do more, then. Let's do more. Why not, right? If not four, then more. Right, all it takes, all I have to do... is spread, take one of these, do a fancy thing, and wave. Do you want to wave as well? - Hey. - Very magical. - Nice. - Good job. [laughs] All right, everybody, breathe in. [inhales deeply] [exhales deeply] - Wow! [cheers and applause] - Let's try... Let's try one more thing. Can you make a cup with your hands? All right, see, if I give the symbols... It doesn't work every time, but if I give the symbols a rub... they come off. Give them a shake. Shake them in your hands. Shake them. Yeah, nice. Good shaking. Well done. All right, so you've got the symbols in your hand, and I have a few more cards without any symbols on them. Right? Have a look and just name any one of these. - Uh, five of diamonds. - Five of diamonds? Perfect, all right. Think about the fish hook. With strength and determination, throw the symbols onto the five of diamonds. One, two, three. [magical whoosh] [exhales sharply] Only one card. Only one card has the symbols on them. And you named a specific card. What was it, the five of diamonds? - Mm-hmm. - And you just named it, right? - Just named it. - Yeah. - Yeah. - The five of... [dramatic tone] - I told you. I told you you couldn't do it. You don't belong here. - [panting] [sighs] Five of diamonds? Five of diamonds. - Wow. [cheers and applause] Dev Sherman, ladies and gentlemen! Wow. Aw. I don't think you should ever listen to that voice again. - Okay, thank you. - I was really touched by how excited you are to perform in front of Penn and Teller. - Yeah, I didn't ever imagine I'd be here. My God, I can't believe it, so... I still can't believe it. [both laughing] - So what is your favorite performance ever, besides this one? - Oh, okay. So, when I was in university, I went to Nepal with a bunch of other students, and I started showing magic to, like, a few kids over there, and they loved it. And I couldn't speak a word of theirs, and they couldn't speak, like, a word of mine... of my language. And yet everyone loved it. Everyone reacted. It was a really special performance. - Oh, I can only imagine. - Yeah. - All right, it's time to find out if Penn and Teller know how you did your trick. - All right, great. - Hey, Dev. - Hi. - Boy, really nice. You did that thing we love in magic where you do three sections that look like they're the same subject, same plot, same ideas, but totally different methods, and that's always a really good way to fool. - Yeah. - And there's a... I think you are familiar with our good friends Count Elmsley... - Oh, yeah, absolutely. - I think you've heard of him. And Señor Asconio, I think you've also... - Yeah, I know him as well. - You probably... Two of our friends you've bumped into now and again. - Lovely people. - And there was a symmetry to your act and the way things were laid out that was really beautiful, the way it comes back in, and the idea of the inner critic was very good. You're very rough on yourself with the inner critic. - [laughs] - But then it was a smooth performance all the way through. - Cool, thank you. - Really, really, really nice and a really nice idea. And we hope in all of that that we gave you enough slid in there. I don't want to give away... - Oh, yeah, totally. - Oh, good, good, good. - Absolutely. - So you didn't fool them. - Nah, I didn't fool them. - Oh, well, thank you so much. Dev Sherman! - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - Up next, Penn and Teller take on more magic tricks. And later, Penn and Teller perform one of their very own. Stick around. [applause] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. It's time for another amazing magician. Take a look. [laughs] [cheers and applause] Please welcome Conan Liu! [cheers and applause] - Hello, guys. My name is Conan Liu, and I'm from China. Growing up, my dad always tells me, "A cup of tea a day keeps the doctor away." China's tea is very good for health because it's originated from the natural tea leaves. But modern people will also mix in... a tea bag, which is convenient and portable. Alyson, do you want to check it out? - Sure. - Ladies and gentlemen, Alyson! - Oh, thanks. - Hello, Alyson. - Hi. - Give it a touch. - Does it... does it... - Yeah? It feels like a real tea bag, right? - Absolutely. - And I'm gonna go back to it later. I'm gonna place it right here. You know what, Alyson? To make a cup of tea, we'll need a container, which is... a teapot. - Oh. - Clear and clean. Can you do me a favor, Alyson? Show your right hand like this. And hold it like this. - Okay. - Firmly, and don't move. And you know what? We'll also need some purified drinking water. - Oh. - [laughs] And... Just be careful. I'm gonna pour the water into the teapot like this. - Okay. - And... All right, let's give it a try. Can you tilt it a little? Yeah. Okay, it's water, right? - Yes. - It's water, okay. Tastes good. And check this out... The tea bag... Watch. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Whoa! [applause] - Alyson, you know what? I will take this for you. This is for you. It looks like tea. You can smell it. Does it smell like tea? - Yes. - It smells like tea. You can take a sip. Is it tea? - Yes, it's good tea. - It is tea! Ladies and gentlemen, Alyson! - That's amazing! [cheers and applause] - Thank you, but that's just a gift for Alyson. I still have a gift for everybody here, including Penn and Teller, my heroes. You know what? Tonight I'm gonna show you the real essence of Chinese tea culture with this branch of... tea leaves. Check this out. Follow me. ♪ ♪ I'm gonna place this branch of tea leaves onto the table like this. As you can see, there's nothing above, nothing beneath, nothing anywhere. Check this out. Ladies and gentlemen, this is gonna be where the real magic happens. Watch. ♪ ♪ Go! ♪ ♪ Ladies and gentlemen, meet my new friend, the tea girl... Nikki! [cheers and applause] - Conan Liu! - Wow. - That was wonderful. - Thank you. - And really good tea. - [laughs] both: Thank you. - So tell me about this trick. - We have been working on this for the last three months. - That seems short. - It's very hard, but the good thing is that I have done a lot of TV shows in China, and that's a kind of advantage for me. But this is my first time to appear on the U.S. television. - Oh. Welcome to "Fool Us." [applause] - Thank you. - Thank you for coming. And you do a lot of magic on social media. - Yeah, I do a lot. You have to get your audience from social media, not just from TV. - Ah. Well, I'm gonna have to start following you. - [laughs] - Okay. Let's find out if you fooled Penn and Teller. - Oh, my goodness, Conan. That was just beautiful, just beautiful. Really, really great and simple and stark and did not look at all magic prop-y. To people at home, probably the appearance of the person at the end was the mind-blower. And that was beautiful and perfect and wonderful... but didn't fool us that deeply. - Yeah. - It's that teapot. Man, turning that into tea was incredible. Not that big a deal if Alyson couldn't smell it and drink it and taste it. Lot of poisonous ways to do that. [laughter] Which... - Now you tell me. - Right. And I'll tell you on this one, it's another one of those situations where it's a two-person act, and I was convinced that it was somehow a gimmick teapot. I did not know how, but I thought you'd done something with the teapot, and Teller is the one that was steadfast in saying that the teapot was completely innocent. And I will tell you, because I want to give away as little as possible, that in comedy, timing, they say, is everything. In magic, and especially in this trick, timing really was everything. Timing is your misdirection. Timing is your surprise. Timing is everything. And you had that timing with just... like a snap of a finger. It was just amazing and perfect. And if you just know what I'm talking about on the timing, maybe we're okay... We think we've got it. - Do you... - I think I may need more details. - Okay, why don't we go to the judges? They are in Alyson's ear. - All right, they know how all the tricks are done. - Okay. - And they know everything that Penn and Teller say. - Uh-huh. - And they're telling me that... you did not fool Penn and Teller. - But it's my great pleasure. - Aw. - You were great. - But you were so wonderful. Conan Liu! [cheers and applause] Thank you! Penn and Teller will attempt to figure out another trick before performing one of their own, all coming up after this. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. Let's meet our next potential fooler. - I'm Ruben Vilagrand, and I come from Spain. I live in Europe. My audience speaks many languages because they came from many, many different countries. Myself, I speak English, French, and Spanish. But when you do a gag in English, the French people, they were like, "Huh? I don't get it." [laughs] And then the Spanish people were like... I don't want to use words because it breaks the rhythm of my show. So I started to mime my magic, and everybody can understand at the same time. By doing mime, my magic became really powerful. And I can perform all over the world in any language. [crack] Ow. For ten years performing this trick, I fool every magician, but will I fool Penn and Teller? Who knows? [laughs] [cheers and applause] - Please welcome Spanish sorcerer Ruben Vilagrand! [cheers and applause] [quirky music] ♪ ♪ [laughter] ♪ ♪ [audience oohs] ♪ ♪ [metal rattling] [audience oohs] ♪ ♪ [audience groans] ♪ ♪ [laughter] ♪ ♪ [laughter] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Ruben Vilagrand! Ah! Hi! - Hi! - So you know Teller does a trick sort of like this. Is that extra pressure on you? - It is because he is performing this trick before I was born. - Oh. [laughter] [groans] So did this trick take a long time to prepare? - Actually, yeah, it took me a couple of years to create because the technique is totally new. - So it's new. Then maybe you will fool them. [laughter] Aw. All right, shall we see if Penn and Teller swallowed the hook? [squeals] - That was great. That was great, man. A lot of... as you know, a lot of great, great magicians have done the East Indian trick of swallowing needles. Some of the greatest magicians in history... Of course, Harry Houdini, and then if we want to build above Harry Houdini... Teller... - Aw. - Swallowed the needles. But fish hooks is a really good idea. It also seems like you can't do the move with those that you did. [laughs] It really... The way the geometry works makes it much more deceptive with fish hooks, not more deceptive than you, of course. I wouldn't say that, but more deceptive than other people doing the needles. That was great. So we know how the needles is done, and we can map that onto the fish hooks. Now, this is part of this thing where the show gets rather esoteric because what we care about is not what everybody else watching the show will care about. They care about, whoa, Ruben swallowed fish hooks, swallowed thread, brought the fish hooks up on the thread. Wow, that was something. And, of course, that is something, but our problem is all with the thread. We thought swallowing the thread was the really hard part. There's a part there with the thread that does not fit in the way that we knew this is done normally. That was the part that blew our minds. And that made us think, "What do you need to go fishing?" Well, you need very unfashionable pants, and you need boots, and then you need a rod and a reel. You need all those things to go fishing. And as soon as we thought about this with the fish hooks and fishing, we thought we might have a slight inkling as to how you did the part of the trick that blew our minds, which was how you took it right onto that reel of thread, the spool of thread. - Yep. [laughter] [applause] - Well, I guess you didn't fool them, but you certainly entertained them. - Thank you! - Thank you, Ruben Vilagrand! [cheers and applause] Don't go anywhere, because if you do, you'll miss something spectacular. More "Fool Us" in a moment. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Fool Us." We've got something very special for you up next. This magician normally performs as part of a magic duo, but tonight he thought it would be fun to surprise his partner by performing alone. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Penn Jillette! [cheers and applause] - Me? Well, I-I do happen to have a deck of cards. Uh, I... I happen to have a deck of card... I guess I could give it a try to fool you. Just kind of one-on-one. Would you like that? Why don't you come up here and have a sit-down right here? Would you, please? And I'm... [applause] Have yourself... have yourself a seat right there. I have a deck of cards right here, and I'm gonna do a couple things. This shuffle is for the people at home. And this cut is for the people at home. But you, what I'd like you to do is now very carefully... Follow the directions very carefully. Just give those cards a cut wherever you want and then complete the cut. And then complete the cut. Now, here's what I'm gonna do... It's a little procedural on this, okay? I'm gonna take the cards that you just cut, and I'm gonna turn my back. And I really won't look at anything. I'll spread them out like this. And then just take one card, look at it yourself, Don't show it to anyone. Memorize it, put it in your vest pocket, the left vest pocket. And then gather them up again nice and cleanly. And give them one cut and complete the cut. And when you've done that, give me a couple knocks there. Oh, good, good, good. Now, what you're gonna do is you're gonna take your jacket off, please. Take your jacket off. And then you're gonna lay that jacket right over my hands here. This way, just like that. Now, I'll tell you the premise of this trick right now, okay? The premise of this trick is based on exaggeration. You know that I exaggerate an awful lot. I exaggerate more than anybody in the world. So I'm kind of rounding up our experiences on this show because you are the brains of the outfit. As a matter of fact, with everything we do, you're always right. And that means therefore, I am... always wrong. So I'm telling you right up front, Teller. I'm gonna tell you right to your face. This trick will go wrong. It really will. It's gonna wrong. It's not gonna go well. But so perfectly wrong... that I might fool you. Now, you've got one card. It's either black or red. There's no magic in that. And I am gonna take and show you one card. Now, if you were doing this, the card that I showed you would match the color of the card you have. But I do everything wrong. So, when I pull this card out and show it to you like this, and I see that that's a black card, that means, because I'm always wrong, that you picked a red card, is that right? You picked a red card. So that is the wrong color. And this is the wrong suit. So I know it's a heart or a diamond. Now, you would pull out the suit that matched yours. But I don't do that. I do everything wrong, so that's a heart, which means you have picked a diamond. Now, to see if it's a face card or a number card, I do this. And that shows me that it is a number card 'cause that's a face card, 'cause I'm doing everything wrong, Teller. Everything wrong. [laughter] Now, this one tells me if it's odd or even. And I see that that's even, so I know that your card is odd. Is that correct? And I know it's not any of these odd cards, ace, three, five, nine. So you have picked the seven of diamonds. Is that correct? Picked the seven of diamonds. Pull out the seven of diamonds, and show it to the audience. Show it to the audience triumphantly. The seven of diamonds. Now you're gonna go over there, and you're gonna sit down, and you're gonna do this alone. It's just me versus you, one-on-one. Mano a mano, Penn versus Teller. But you need a mouthpiece. You need someone to speak for you. So we are gonna have a mutual friend of ours, Piff the Magic Dragon, a friend to us all. Now Piff will sit in my seat, and Piff will do the talking for you. Good luck. - Penn Jillette, everyone! [cheers and applause] Well, that was very impressive. - Well, thank you, thank you. - How long have you been doing magic? - Uh... [laughter] I've been doing magic for about 45 years. - Okay, all right. - Since I met Teller. - So still relatively new. - Yeah. [laughter] - This is such a surprise for Teller. Did you see his face? - Teller had no idea. - No clue. - Teller just thought we were doing an extra fooler. - So, technically, you've already fooled him. - If nothing else, I think we may not have fooled him, but we certainly surprised him. - Definitely. I think if you don't get the trophy, you at least deserve a plaque. - I deserve some sort of plaque. - Right. Yeah. Oh, are you ready already? - We are ready. - [gasps] - Okay. - I'm ready. - Here we go. - Let's go to Piff and see if Teller knows how you did your trick. - All right. Well, Teller has given it his best shot, and he says that Penn has completely fooled him, so... - Well, thank you so much. Let's bring down the... [laughter] - I feel like that's not what happened. - Is that not correct? I think I might've misunderstood. Hang on a second. Can you just run that by me one more time? Just whisper... Just one more time. He says, "Fool me once, shame on you." [Alyson laughs] That's it, just shame on you. [laughter] Teller also said to me that Piff and Teller has a much stronger ring to it. [mutters] - But if nothing else, Teller, I did surprise you, didn't I? - He says, "No, he knew it all along." [laughter] - Piff, thank you so much. Thank you for being in my corner, but I believe that we have to do this very specially, just one-on-one. Teller, come up here. We'll have a little discussion right here in front of everybody. Okay, what do you got? We never... Teller knew nothing about this till we did this. It really was a complete surprise. We pretended we were just shooting a regular fooler, and there's no precedent for this, and Teller thinks that I half-fooled him and maybe we bring down the trophy and split it in half. What do you think? Can we bring down the trophy? - Yeah! [cheers and applause] - You can hold that. And we share that trophy together. - Aw. [cheers and applause continue] We all just witnessed Penn versus Teller. Penn even found a way to earn a fooler trophy on his own show. Come back next week for the reunion of Penn and Teller and more amazing magic. We'll see you soon. [cheers and applause continue] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 