Penn & Teller: Fool Us: Season 7, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us 
 s7e9 - The Placebo Effect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn & Teller: Fool Us (2011–…): Season 7, Episode 9 - The Placebo Effect - full transcript 
 Featured magicians include Daniel K, Yukihiro Katayama, Andrew Evans and David Stone. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - From the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas, here's our host, Alyson Hannigan. [upbeat jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - Ah, welcome to "Fool Us." Tonight you'll see the hottest magicians in the world light up our stage. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Anyone who burns Penn and Teller with their trick wins our flashy "Fool Us" trophy and a trip back to Las Vegas to perform alongside our leading men. And here they are now ready to kick ash and take flames, Penn and Teller. [cheers and applause] - Ahh! Ahh! You. You. ♪ ♪ - All right, Penn and Teller, the heat is on, because it's time to meet our first potential Fooler. [fireworks booming] [applause] - All the way from Uruguay, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 here is Daniel K. [cheers and applause] - Thank you. Hola. Your Spanish is better than my English. It's a pleasure to be with all of you and to have Penn and Teller in front of me. I hope you enjoy my act. As you can see, my English is not so good, so if you don't understand something, please ask me. The problem is that I don't know if I can understand you, yes? But you ask if you want. You, sir, what's your name? - Manuel. - If I asked you to name a famous magician... Not me, another one... name one. - Houdini. - Houdini, perfect. Houdini was a great escapist artist. In all escape, we have to risk our life. Today I don't want to risk mine. You will risk your life for everyone. Come with me, please. A big round of applause. [applause] Thanks. Your name, say it. - Manuel. - Manuel, perfecto. Okay, Manuel, I have this one. Do you know what is this? - Oh. - Thumbcuff. It's like handcuff but just for your thumb. - [laughs] All right. - Today I will try to perform an escape. And to prove that it's real, I want to prove with you. Give me your thumb. Have you been cuffed again? No, no, don't say. Don't answer. Too many people looking at you. - [laughs] - If you try to take out, it's impossible. - Impossible. - You don't need this. I bought this handkerchief in my country, and the people told me that it belonged to Harry Houdini. It got his initial, J.J. Never mind. [laughter] Only I have to do this. I have to count to three. One, two, three. Not only did he take them off, but he put them back on quickly. [laughter] Let me try again. One, two, three. He's improvising. He's performing the fingers that change color. First they go red, then black, and then they go... fall off. Let me take out... It is impossible, right? - Yeah. - Manuel, I set free. Please, Manuel, take this. Take this. The key will be in my pocket. If something is wrong, Alyson, can you help me? - I guess so. - Come with me, please. Thanks, Alyson. [applause] Thanks, Alyson. If something's wrong, please take this, the key, and set me free, yes? - Okay. - Houdini loved the escape act. But not many people know that he loved the card tricks. Not many people know that. I saw it in Wikipedia. - Ah. - Today I will try to do two things at the same time, try to escape and try to find a card that you will choose. Alyson, say stop wherever you want. - Stop. - Stop. Take the card. Look the card. Show everyone. Manuel is part of everyone. Show it to him. Remember. Yes, Alyson? - Ah, yes. - Put the card wherever you want. Say stop. - Stop. - Put the card here, please. - Oh, I already put it in. I ruined it. This is... - Let's do only the escape things, yes? [laughter] Usually Houdini don't like the card tricks. Forget the card tricks. Give me this. Forget the... no, give me. Open... extend your hand. Extend your hand. I will give you this. I will give you this. Only the escape things. It's the same. But this... easier. Please fasten my thumb tightly. Don't worry about my life. - [laughs] Do you remember the card? - Yes. - I am thinking that this is "Fool Us." I will try to fool you. I will try to take out this handcuff and find the card, two things at the same time. It is impossible. What? I know. [laughter] But I am a professional. I will do three things. Try to speak in English too. - Okay. - Manuel, cover with this handkerchief. Yes, and take the deck of cards, but wait. Take out the handkerchief. Take out. I will try to find, but I am handcuffed. Please, cover. Be careful with this. I don't want that... [laughter] I want to give you the key, because I know what you think. "He used a key." Where is the key? Here's the key. Keys for you. I will try to find the card in a blink of an eye. - [laughs] - It's already. [laughter] Did you feel anything? - I didn't. - What a pity. [laughter] Please, Alyson, open the box. Take everything that is inside, and show... What... what is this? Show it. Is handcuff? If you want... You've got this handcuff. What is in my finger? Please take. A card. [audience oohs] - Nuh-uh. - Wait. [applause] - What was your card? - Ahh... six of hearts. - I can't believe it, because this is a six of hearts. Ladies and gentlemen, Alyson and Manuel. Thank you so much, Manuel. Thank you for helping me. Be careful with the steps. Thank you so much. - Daniel K. - Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] [indistinct]. - That was insane. - Thank you. Thank you so much. - I didn't feel anything. That was amazing. - Thank you so much. - Oh, and so enjoyable, even if it hadn't been so astonishing. - I don't understand anything that you say. - That's... - I think that you are saying a lot of thing... Good things about me. Thank you. - I like it. They must be so proud of you in Uruguay. Am I saying that right? - Yes, yes, Uruguay, yes, it's true. - Ooh, Uuur-a-guay. - Uruguay. - Uruguay. - Perfect. - Ooh. - Uruguay. - Uruguay - Yes. - Yeah. And have you always wanted to do magic? - Yes, since I was a boy. First... ahh... always I was a boy. [laughter] - I'm glad you clarified that. - Yes, okay. But when I was... - A boy. - Yes. Your English is better than mine. - Yes. [laughter] But first I want to do, uh, detective. Detective? - Detective, yeah. - Yes, then I found the magic, and this is my passion. - I'm glad you switched, 'cause I feel... - Yes. - Like you're too funny to be a detective. - Maybe. Maybe. - Okay, let's find out if you fooled Penn and Teller. - Let's. - Daniel, the first thing, very first thing I said to Teller when I turned to him was, "That's a perfect routine." - Thank you so much. - It's an absolutely perfect routine. - Thank you so much. - It has the most important thing I magic, which is, the ending is completely a surprise and then totally inevitable. I mean, we watch magicians work, you may not know what they're doing, but you know they're doing something. There's not a moment in your routine where you think, "He's doing something." - Thank you so much. - There's now telegraphing. You're acting is superb, perfect all the way through. This is something that I don't usually do. 'Cause even though we love showing magicians on TV, I must tell you that I do feel the competition, and I do want to win. This is a very rare case where we think we figured it out... - Okay. - And we so hope we are wrong. - Aww. - Okay. - 'Cause I want you to have fooled us. You might notice I'm not speaking at all in code. - Yeah. - This act is so perfect, I don't want to give the slightest little crack in it. I don't want anybody at home to go, "Oh, I know what he means now. I know what he did now." I want this to just live on as a jewel and perfect. But we've got to play the game. - Okay. - So Teller has written down... - Okay. - How you did it. He will show you. And please, please have us be wrong. - I really hope they're wrong. Aww. - Damn it. - That's right. - Damn it. - Thank you so much. - Aww. - That's so good, so good. - So you didn't fool them? - Thank you. No, but... - Aww, but... - Thank you so much... - Aww. - Teller. Thank you, Penn. Thank you so much. - Oh, that was so wonderful. - Nice to be with you. - Daniel K. - Thank you. Bye. [cheers and applause] - We're taking a quick time-out. We'll get our next magician into the game when "Fool Us" returns. [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [jazz music] [applause] - "Fool Us" is back, and our next magician is about to take the stage. Let's meet him first. [fireworks booming] [cheers and applause] - Please welcome master manipulator Yukihiro Katayama. [gentle piano music] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [audience gasps] ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [audience gasps] [applause] ♪ ♪ [audience gasps] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] Yukihiro Katayama. - Thank you so much. - That was beautiful. - Ah, thank you so much. - You're so welcome. How long have you been doing this? - Wow. How does it feel to be here? Yeah. - Oh, wow. - Aww, congratulations. - Thank you so much. Thank you so much. - Well, that was a wonderful performance. Let's see if it was also a fooling performance. Penn, Teller. - Yukihiro, I... you were at a little bit of a disadvantage. Because I had already seen you. I saw you at the S.A.M. convention here in town. And we went backstage, and he bowed, and then I bowed, and I thought we were done. And then he bowed again, and then I bowed again, and I thought we were done. And then he bowed again, and I bowed again, and I said, "I'm walking away, because I don't know what's going on," and if I was in any way insulting by how I did that, it's just a culture clash, and I'm very, very sorry, so... okay, now I get the last one in. We're done. [laughter] Everybody knows it's beautiful. And you can translate beautiful any way you want. The audience just loved it. Forgive me for cutting it short, but I just thought it was so great, and I don't want you to translate for five minutes as I go through a thesaurus of "beautiful." I'm gonna ask you some questions. - Yes. - And I want an honest answer to every one of them. - Yes. - Question number one. - Yes. - The first thing Teller thought was that you were using a mirror glass. Were you using a mirror glass? - [speaking Japanese] - No, I don't use mirror glass. - I'm not done. [laughter] - [speaking Japanese] - [laughs] Oh. - After Teller thought you were using a mirror glass, I thought you were using black art. Were you using black art? - No. - I'm not done. I'm not done. - [speaking Japanese] - Three, we thought together... [whispering] - [speaking Japanese] - Were you twisting the glass? - No, no twist. - Okay, now I'm gonna leave you... - How many guesses do you get? - Shut up. [indistinct]. [laughter] - No, no, no. - I'm on your side. - I get the number of guesses that the person whose first name in the title gets. [laughter] - One. - I don't... I'm not gonna talk to you for a moment. I'm gonna talk to the translator. What's your name? - Tamoko. - Tamoko, would you please tell him as clearly and succinctly as you can that he has fooled us. - [speaking Japanese] [cheers and applause] - Tell him. Tell him. Tell him. - [speaking Japanese] - Beautifully done. - [sobbing] - Yay. Ohh. - Thank you so much. - Ohh, Yukihiro Katayama. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Aww. We have ourselves a successful Fooler, and Penn and Teller still have to take on more magicians, so stay close. [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. Two Fooler shows are rare, but with one in the books, it could happen tonight. Here's our next magician. [fireworks booming] - When I came here two years ago, the audience at the Penn & Teller Theater was the largest audience I'd ever performed for. That was nuts. - Andrew Evans. - My show in San Francisco used to be a very underground experience. Now we do shows far more often and in a real venue, significantly more legal. San Francisco is the perfect place to do magic. You get audiences from the world of technology who are all about understanding how things work, so when they see something that they can't figure out, they actually love being pushed out of that comfort zone. The illusion we're doing tonight is a reimagining of maybe the most classic plot in magic. We're actually really celebrating the fact that women onstage make this trick possible. The fact that we're performing for Penn and Teller for me is more exciting than anxiety-inducing. It's something new. I don't think they've seen this. I hope they get as excited about this trick as I am. [cheers and applause] - Please welcome back Andrew Evans. - Thank you. Thank you all, and, Penn and Teller, thank you for having me back on the show. So we find ourselves at a historic moment for magic. In 1921, almost exactly 100 years ago, one of the most famous magic tricks of all times was invented by a man named P.T. Selbit. You probably don't know his name, but I guarantee you you know his trick. He was the first person to saw a woman in half. There he is now, the first. Now, this trick has changed throughout the years, but one thing remains pretty consistent, and that's the fact that it is almost always a woman who gets inside the box, but it's mostly a man who ends up taking the bow. I'm here to tell you that tonight I am actually not the real magician when it comes to this trick. Instead, there is someone else who deserves all your applause. So with that, please help me welcome back to the stage Naomi. [cheers and applause] - Now, you've seen magicians do sleight of hand, but I'm doing something a little bit different. I guess you could call it sleight of body. - It requires lots of skill, incredible patience, but most importantly, it demands complete focus. [light acoustic guitar music] ♪ ♪ - From the theaters of vaudeville to the stages of Las Vegas, millions of people have seen a woman get cut in half. - But tonight without any boxes or blades, you get to see something even more remarkable. - You get to see it from the inside. - Take a look. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Now, of course, a little privacy does feel courteous. - So you'll need to use your imaginations to fill in the specific details. - But with this light, you'll be able to see the center of Naomi right where this sleight of body needs to occur. ♪ ♪ Now, watch carefully. Because it happens in just a single breath. Breathe out... and in. [audience gasps] But see that right there is just the minimum required to safely pass the saw blade right through the center. And that's just the start of the process. Take a look. Breathe out. Because with a little extra focus, Naomi can actually amplify the effect. Watch. Breathe in. [audience gasps] But tomorrow you might think that's a trick of the light, an optical deception. Of course, Naomi is far more skilled than that. So it feels time to finally give credit right where credit's due. Take a look. ♪ ♪ [audience gasps] [applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Now, we're only gonna ask her to hold this for a few moments longer, because as much as Naomi can make it look effortless... - Removing most of your body is not as easy as you might think. - It's true. So get one last good look. Because we're gonna let her relax again. ♪ ♪ And watch carefully. She comes back just as quickly. Take a look. Breathe in. ♪ ♪ [applause] ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] - Let's hear it for Andrew Evans. Wow. Hi. That was amazing. How do you come up with your ideas, both of you, or... - Yeah, we definitely work together. I'd say, you know, my background is in engineering and design, so for me half the fun once we have an idea is going into the shop and building it and figuring out how to make it real. And then getting onstage together. We rehearse it, figure it out. We have a whole team of folks too that helps out, so... - Wow. - It's a lot of fun. - He has a long background in magic. I'm more from theater and circus. So with his magic expertise and my sort of outside different viewpoints, it makes a nice team. - Nice, and how long have you guys been working together? - How long? What... - Three years? - Three years? Four years? - Is it three or four? - Really? Nice. See, I feel like for me I would wait at least five years before I allowed someone to saw me in half. - We rush things a little bit. - Yeah. - Yeah, you're kind of rushing into it. All right, should we... should we talk to those guys over there? - Let's talk to those guys. Hey. - Hi, guys. - Hello. Remember us? - I do. - Well, sure, I think we should maybe talk to Naomi, 'cause you said she's the big cheese on the this. She did the... She did the sleight of body, which is absolutely true. It does take a great deal of control of the body. It also takes other stuff, and you mentioned Selbit, who did start, but you've kind of left out the Bamberg family, which was a key, though, in Fu Manchu. - Yeah, yeah. - Who also did a version of this principle much inferior to what you've done. You've really done the best version, really gorgeous. It's a really hard trick to do, because everybody knows what you have to do to accomplish it, and you've got to accomplish that in a way that fools people. And I think you did, and if we hadn't taken this great submarine ride... - Yeah. - Teller and I took a submarine ride. - Yeah. - And we were... We were cruising around on the submarine. And I bet you love that submarine too, don't you? - Um, I do. I think we probably both love submarines. - Oh, yeah. - I will say when I think of some of those submarines you may have been riding in, I'm thinking of ones from, like, way, way back when. - Yeah, before electronics. - Pretty different from those submarines. - I have no idea what any of you are talking about. So do we have a verdict, everyone? - I think we'll let the submarine captains decide. - Why don't we go to the judges? They are in Alyson's ear. - So what's happened here... - Yeah. - Is, they've gone to the judges. - Right. - And the judges have made a decision. - Got it. - And the final decision from the judges is, you did not fool them. - Oh, that's all right. - Ahh, but you entertained us all. Thank you so much. - Good. Good, good, good. Thank you. - Andrew Evans and Naomi. [cheers and applause] More puzzling performers when we return, including a performance by Penn and Teller later in the show. Stick around. [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back. We've had one Fooler so far, but there could be more. Here's our next potential Fooler. [fireworks booming] [cheers and applause] - Please say Allô to French magician David Stone. - Wow. Tonight I would like to show you a simple card trick with only one card, but not any card, a debit card that I'd like to borrow from any gentleman in the audience. So if you are a gentleman with a debit card and you want to have fun tonight, please raise your hand now, okay? Don't worry. I will not make your card vanish. [audience oohs] Sir? Anybody? You do have a debit card on you? [applause] Take it out, and come over. The most important information on any bank card is actually on the back. That's why I will cover it with a sticker. Thank you for bringing me your debit card. Don't worry. I will just cover the information. Are you sure this is a debit card? - Yes. - Yeah? [card squeaks] Yes, it is. Okay, so please keep it and sit right over here gently. And more important, relax. Because tonight with your card, we are going to have a lot of fun. Believe me. [laughter] - [laughs] - Well, if I ask you to yell out loud live on national television your pin code number, you wouldn't do it, right? - Y... no. - No. That's why I have exactly what you need for you. It's a microphone. No need to yell. [laughter] But I understand your hesitation. But you know what? I have ways to guess your pin number by magic just by asking anybody in the audience. Just like Penn, for example. Could you please name any two-digit number? - 72. - 72. 72, and please, Teller, could you mime two-digit number? Three and five. 35. Honestly, sir, is 72..35... 7235 your pin code number? And be honest. - Nope. [scanner rattling] - Are you sure? Actually, you paid $72.35. 32... 75. You didn't guess the pin code, guys. You guessed something else. Sir, on the back of my brand-new jacket, there's a tag with a prize on it. Can you please read it out loud and say if you see a number on it? What do you read? - 7235. - That's amazing. [cheers and applause] You guessed the exact price of the jacket I took from the shop, and he just paid for it. I love this country. [telephone rings] What's that? Excuse me. Hello. Oh, this is your bank. He said not to worry. Your card is now frozen. It is blocked. It's all good now. No problem at... ow! Mm...[bleep]. Oh, "[bleep]" means "thank you" in French. Excuse my French. [laughter] Do you want to find your card back? - Yes, please. - Yes, please stand up. Do you trust me? - [stammers] Yeah. - Ahh, it's a little yeah. Please turn around, because I... turn around. Okay, perfect, and bend over slightly. [laughter] No, I mean to take the cooler. No, to take the cooler and check it's completely closed, that there is no opening in it. No opening. Can you please put it here? Inside the cooler, there is a box. Inside the cooler, there is a box. I don't know if... can you please take the box by yourself? I don't want to touch it, because I am a professional. Take the box and make sure. Is the box completely sealed? The box is sealed? - Yep. - No opening? - Nope. - That's why I will use a knife to op... ahh! [bleep]. Oh, God! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! It's okay. I'm fine. I'm all good. Come over. - Okay. - I'm going to cut this. Can you please open it and say out loud what do you see inside the... the box? What do you see inside the box? - A package. - Okay. Can you please put the box aside? Put the box aside. Inside the bag... come over here. Inside the bag, there is a surprise for you. - Okay. - There is kind of present. It's big. You can touch it. You can feel. You see? - Yep. - Is it big? - Yeah. - Yeah, please, do you see... Can you see... Can you see the ice in it? - Yep. - Yeah, you can see it? And can you see what's next to the ice? - A hammer. - No, it's not a hammer. It's a present. - Oh, okay. - Yeah, it's to thank you, because, you know, your... when your banker called earlier and said that your card is blocked and frozen, well, it is really blocked and frozen in a block of ice. - Oh, wow. [applause] - Can you please break it, make sure... Just to break it, yes. Yes, break. Oh, you like that, huh? [laughter] Okay, let me... oh, yeah, yes, please, take... Take your card; take your card. Yes, is it really your card inside? - Yep. - And-and-and... [card squeaks] It still works. [cheers and applause] - David Stone. Wow. Hello. - Ice-cold everything. - It was so creative. It just kept going and going. - I try to create a story, and most of the time, the story becomes funny, because when it's funny, it's easier for you to perform, especially when you are... When you have stage fright when you're nervous. - Do you get stage fright? - Oh, always, every time. - Really? - Even when I am with my girlfriend. [laughter] - So how do you get over your stage fright? - Well, actually, to take it out, I just... I make people laugh, you know, and then I see that people like it. Then I can start to be more in my script and tell them the story of the trick. - Shall we find out if you fooled the boys? - I don't know. We're gonna see. - Guys. - Oh, man, people come here to see magic and getting an audience to just laugh all the way through a routine is really, really hard. And as a second language, amazing. We just had the audience in the palm of your hand. And in doing that, you were able to justify all sorts of stuff that a magician who didn't have the audience loving them would never be able to get away with. I mean, we want to get a few things out of the way. The jacket. We believe your tailor is in Las Vegas and is named Paul Vigil. And to be funny enough and lovable enough and have the plot go strong enough that you can turn your back on the audience in order to do stuff is amazing, and what this trick is called for the people at home is object in an impossible location. And we have never seen that impossible location be inside a block of ice. It was just astonishing in that way and beautiful, and we just loved everything about it, and I... I hate to compliment you all this and say how great you are and then end with kind of a cold shoulder, but I do not think you fooled us. - So do you know that they know? - Yeah, I know what they mean. Yes, unfortunately, I do agree with the two cheaters tonight. - Well, thank you, David Stone. - Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - I'm getting Penn and Teller out of the trophy-giving business and back into show business. Penn and Teller perform when we come back. [jazz music] ♪ ♪ [jazz music] [cheers and applause] - Welcome back to "Fool Us." Here with just what the doctor ordered to close the show, open up and say ta-da for Penn and Teller. [cheers and applause] - "Placebo" is Latin for "I will please." And back when doctors wrote their prescriptions in Latin, if they had a patient who was a real pain in the ass who they couldn't help, they would just write on the prescription pad "placebo," and the pharmacist would give that patient sugar pills. And that would shut the patient up. But they found that in measurable, physiological ways, the sugar pills often helped the patients. Pretty amazing, and that is the basis for magic. Because if we've got a cup and a ball but we don't have a placebo, then we don't have magic. Now, the simplest placebo in magic is the magic wand. That's our sugar pill. You know it doesn't do anything. You know we'll be doing everything with sleight of hand. But this is something for your superstitious lizard brain to believe. Because if we have a placebo, then we have... magic. [applause] And lizard brain will follow the placebo anywhere. Like, now it vanishes it from Teller's hand and moves it into my hand. Just like that. [applause] And as things keep changing, so does your superstitious lizard brain, because now it vanishes from both our hands, and both balls appear under the cup and no balls under my cup. But one little tap here, one little tap here, and we are back to where we started. [applause] But this is the only trick where we use this obvious of a placebo, the only trick that we use magic wands, but we always have a placebo, so if you're watching our act, and we have a cup, and we have a ball, and something miraculous happens, well, you've got to ask yourself, what's causing that? What is the placebo? Is it magic balls? Is it magic cups? Or in this case, is the magician magic? Nope. But a snap... [snaps fingers] Is magic. So when you're watching... [cheers and applause] Ask yourself what we are doing that's causing the magic. What is the placebo? And sometimes we don't even know what's gonna cause the magic. Like, what if we did two snaps? [snaps fingers] Then we get a totally changed color on the ball. And if we do a big Vegas placebo, we get a big Vegas ball. And the best placebo of all is, of course, a magic word. How about the word "placebo"? And a nice big sugar pill right there. That's placebo. - Whoo! [cheers and applause] Well, it's time for me to put the show to bed, but we'll rise and let more of the world's best magicians shine on next week's "Penn & Teller: Fool Us." Good night. [cheers and applause] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 