Aristocrats: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aristocrats 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aristocrats (1999–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 Emily and Mr. Ogilvie are being shunned in Ireland owing to Ogilvie's background as a commoner. Even her eldest son, no the Duke, has little time for her. They decide to remove themselves to London and her second son Edward asks his mother to take her grandson with them as he feels it would provide for safer surroundings. A transformation was underway in Ireland with the United Irishmen demanding reforms. It was inconceivable to Louisa, for example, that her tenants would rise in rebellion. Louisa begs her nephew Edward, Emily's son, to mind his politics but he refuses and is drawn into the rebellion, paying a heavy price for his beliefs and his actions. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A new age has been born, out of rebellion and bloodshed. I am of another time. L was raised in a different world. We were aristocrats. My lord? That is the most beautiful foot l have seen in my life. - L hear you contemplate marriage. - Yes, Your Majesty. Marriage agrees with you? L wondered at first... ..but it's not at all alarming. L've outlived 12 of my children. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 At times, l feel l've lived too long. Who shall we have? Monsieur Rousseau. Lt is a considerable pleasure, Your Grace, to admire the fruits of one's own labour. And you consider this... part of their schooling? Edward! Did you make it all yourself? Mr Ogilvie helped me. Do you think l favour Eddie? He loves you so much it's hard to avoid it. Will you come up and see me asleep, Mr Papa? The world was beginning to turn, but we did not know it, and we clung blindly to notions of family honour and reputation. - L am going to marry him. - Oh, Emily! The scandal! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What will people say? They will talk me over and say what they please. But it will not matter, because l shall be in France, with my children... and Mr Ogilvie. He has left the army, Captain Napier. Really? Why? Not for any cowardly reasons, l'm sure of that. His heart will always rule his head. But you have never feared danger, Edward? Lf the cause isjust, Mr Papa, l welcome it. Nothing worthwhile is won without a price. Edward had found himself a wife in France, and l now had a grandson, also called Edward. They had returned to lreland to the house that my favourite son had loved as a child. - Mama, may l play with the boat? - Yes, of course, Eddie. But you'll have to be very careful with it. All right? The drawing rooms of Dublin were becoming increasingly unwelcoming towards my husband. L hear you have yet to set up a stable, Mr Ogilvie. L have no need for one, as l don't ride. My husband does not lack the ability to ride, merely the inclination. There is inclination, Your Grace... and there is form. Lt is hard to imagine a gentleman who does not ride. Excuse me, Your Grace. My son William, now Duke of Leinster, remained as aloof as anyone. William! They will not accept me for what l am. And l will not change for them. The opinions of mediocre people. As long as we remain here, we are in the company of such people. You're leaving so early, Mother? You know your stepfather finds these evenings a trial. He makes little effort. Neither do you with him, William. We'll go to London, introduce him there. You think he will fare better in London? He'll be better respected for his abilities there, William. And perhaps less despised for his birth than he is here. Good night. Grandmama! Eddie! Come here to me! Oh! Edward! - Your hair! - You don't like it? What have you done to it? - He looks like the democrat he is. - Mr Papa! Ah! Pamela! - Your Grace! You should have let us know you were coming. The house is... Oh, no, no, it doesn't matter. We've come to say goodbye. We're leaving for London tomorrow. Under the tutelage of my husband, Edward had learned to be open to new ideas. His travels in America and France had made him a firm believer in democracy. A new painting. Lt's Tom Paine. l too espouse the rights of man. Aye, l know. You're as defiant as ever, my dear. Edward? There's something we want to ask you. We've been thinking... perhaps you could take Little Eddie with you. Take him... to London? Lt might be safer. L should like it of all things. Lf Pamela does not mind. - Each time we part l wonder if l should... - You must not worry. - My weak, anxious mind. - L shall write frequently. Be sure to tell us how the garden is doing. Oh, please do. l shall so miss the garden. And l shall have my dear aunts to keep an eye on me. Mm. Oh! L left for England with my husband. L was sure that with the support of my brother, the Duke of Richmond, he would find himself easily admitted into London society. Her Grace, the Dowager Duchess of Leinster and Mr William Ogilvie. Perhaps plain Mrs Ogilvie would be more fitting these days. - Sister! - Brother. - Mr Ogilvie. - Your Grace. L hear Edward continues to spread treason and rebellion. He only writes to me of his family, Charles. His wife is a raving democrat. Her mother was once exceedingly refined. Now l hear she dines with a botanist and chemist, all mixed up, no regard to rank. Lt's a fashion in France. And Edward values character more than rank. Such is the power of example. Can he not remember we are at war with that country? Lt's the King's war, not ours. - Aunt. - Charles James! You are decidedly fat. He has so little care for his appearance. L have never cared for the affectation of appearance. Hm! - Mr Ogilvie. - Mr Fox. You still rail against the King. You'll be declaring next that you admire the French for what they did to theirs. L do not condone murder. Do you condemn it? L've spoken against regicide in the House. But l do condemn the oppression of a population. Give the population its head and see what happens. You would plunge us into the chaos that is France? L deplore the excesses. L applaud the aims. You are a champion of the people, Mr Fox. You have my unqualified respect. Mr Ogilvie, my thanks. He says the lilies are in bloom. He is chief gardener and things lavish well. The lilies are lreland. He crosses the line. My sisters, Sarah and Louisa, were aware of the transformations in lreland, but as yet, their comfortable lives remained relatively untouched. You say it is your duty to defend the government? My duty as a landlord, yes. That's why l keep a regiment here. - But you oppose the government so often. - Of course l oppose the damn fools! But they're still our government. A small number of powerful men. Do you side with the United lrishmen, Lady Sarah? Do you take their part? Tom, you know l am the King's most loyal subject, but l can see the justice in their cause. Firebrands, all of them. They call them croppies, you know, because they cut their hair short. No hair, no sense! You agree the country's mismanaged. The dispossessed suffer. Lt gets worse every day. Their numbers grow, Mr Conolly. What else can one do but defend oneself, then? We are loved by our tenants. We have nothing to fear. As always, my good sister Louisa thought that benevolence was the key to everything. Lt was inconceivable to her that her tenants, whom she cared for so zealously, should be anything but content. Their readily expressed gratitude when she entertained them appeared only to confirm her opinion. - My lady. - Your children are well, Brigit? Growing like weeds, my lady. - You enjoyed the supper? - Lndeed, my lady. l thank you. - Would you say you were happy? - On a night like tonight, l'd swear it. Do you ever think you want to be richer? The body's not born that doesn't think that. - L hear you are to be married. - Yes, m'lady. - You have enough for your needs? - As much as my mam had before me. M'lady. Look at their happy faces. Lf all landlords did their duty, there would not be this disaffection. Neglect of duty is the root of the matter. The state of the country is the root of the matter. There is so much oppression. The people seek redress. - What sort of redress? - No sort that they would speak of to you. - Our nephew dances well. - My tenants love him. You know, he visits them in the fields. And his wife seems well liked. L'm disposed to like her too. She is everything that is engaging. ? 'Twas early, early, all in the spring ? The birds did whistle and the larks did sing - Good God! lt's a damn rebel song! - ? Spreading their notes from tree to tree ? And the song they sang was of lreland free Well done, sir. Not now. Not here. Music! L knew something of what was happening in lreland, but too little of my son's true role in the imminent turmoil. He was being drawn ever deeper into the rebellion and consorting with its leaders. L must go in. - Arthur. - Edward. We can do it on our own! We cannot rely on the French any more! Recruitment here goes well. Strong, keen men. With no experience of battle. - But we hear nothing from Paris! - Patience, Arthur! You and l have open eyes, wives, lovers, family. We choose to risk them. But we draw in others, poor devils with nothing but a life to lose. 200,000 of them, possibly more, all over the country, waiting, training. Yes, we fed them hope. But if we lose, they suffer. A school teacher's head sits at the end of a pike, because someone said he was one of us! Now, do sights like this bring patience? Don't let our enemy dictate our actions. Lt never promised to be easy! We'll renew our requests. We need the French. You should lead us, Edward. L'm relieved l do not. Lf the people are armed, is anyone safe? Lt is so wicked to arm them. The government is oppressive. Lf the people rise up, it'll not be surprising. Does the prospect of rebellion make you nervous? You forget l'm a soldier's wife. L've trained myself not to have nerves. You, sis... do you not shiver like some ladies of our acquaintance? - L regard the prospect with equanimity. - Lt's such a comfort to be calm. L believe l have always done what l should. Katie Ryan! Run and take this to your mother. Did you receive the creel of turf l sent you last week? Yes, l did, m'lady. Thank you. One should be charitable. ls that not true? Even to the sacrifice of one's own amusements. L make no difference between class or creed. L count many of our tenants as friends. L think myself as lrish as they are. Let us hope they agree with you. Oh, God. Lt's happening everywhere, Louisa. They deserve everything they get. There's been another burning at Wexford. The rebels stabbed a magistrate 24 times. Left his wife for dead. Poor wretch. They threw her down the stairs! What sort of people could do such a thing? Your nephew's precious comrades. Edward is sympathetic to the cause, but... lt goes further than that. Lt is rumoured he is a United lrishman himself. What makes him suppose he should change the world? L will not permit him to come here any more. L doubt that he would care to. - He is in danger. - Lt is still only a rumour. - Shall l lay the fire, my lady? - No, not now! Perhaps it would be best for you not to come here any more, Aunt Louisa. L must speak to you. Speak. You must give up this foolish, selfish... You think that what l'm doing is selfish? L have committed myself. You have committed yourself to Pamela, to your child. What will become of them if you are condemned as a traitor? You don't understand Pamela's courage. Do you understand what you ask of her? Edward... l didn't tell anyone l was coming here. - Does your mother know anything of what... - Do you think that this is easy? Easier for you than for those who love you. You put your cause before your duty to them. - You don't believe in my cause. - You are right. L can't believe in this... better world you speak of. But l beg you, think of those nearest you. - L can't explain. - You choose not to. Whatever the price, l must pay it! L wish you could pay it alone! You hurt us all. Katie, run and tell your father l wish to see him. Da! Da! You must pay the greatest attention. Lt is known to the authorities that pikes are being made. L will not ask you if you make them. L will not ask you if you store them. L warn you... l beg you to give them up. Who will feed your children if you are arrested? - But... - Don't reply. These pikes will be your ruin. The army grow near us daily. Give them up before it is too late. I am persuaded your father will see sense. Nine more. - Promise me you'll come back safely. - L will. Edward was seeking support for the uprising from the French. Arthur O'Connor agreed to be his envoy. - Be careful, Arthur. - Be careful yourself. Mr O'Connor never reached France. The rebellion was now beginning to encroach more dangerously on all our lives. - Stand aside! - What do you want? - We must search for arms. - By whose permission? This gives us permission. Please, don't frighten us. - Where's your husband? - He's not here. You will find nobody here but defenceless women and children! - Let us through! - L cannot prevent you, unarmed as l am. Stand aside. Nobody here has done you harm, and you must believe me when l tell you you have no enemies in this house. Where do your loyalties lie? With my husband. As l hope your wife is loyal to you. But tonight, my loyalty must lie with my children, and l will not have them terrified out of their wits! My youngest has a fever, and l have been nursing him all night! Now please, leave us alone! Tonight we shall... but we will return. Yes. L wish you good fortune. Come on. Thank you. M'lady! l thought you'd gone to bed. - Did they know that Mr Conolly was away? - M'lady? Did they know that l was here alone? Who, m'lady? - Do you wish to go to bed, m'lady? - L can't go to bed! L can't. L can't sleep. Pamela... it's time for me to go. Now? - Arthur's been arrested in London. - Oh. L've been betrayed. L must go to the safe house. You may have to leave the country. L'll send word. Learning of Arthur O'Connor's arrest, l became even more concerned for my son's safety. L sought the assistance of my nephew, Charles James Fox. Charles James! How good of you to come. L took the liberty of visiting Arthur O'Connor in prison. Did he speak of Edward? He's gone into hiding. He's known to be a rebel. - Will there be a rebellion? - Lt's certain. - Ls there a chance they will win? - Lt's remote. Lf only he were here and l could speak to him! L'll go to lreland. L'll bring him back. Can you arrange a safe passage? Give Mr Ogilvie letters to Lord Clare, Lord Camden, all of them. We must ensure his safety. L'll ask my brother to write. My hopes and my heart go with you. Oh, no! No, let me go! Let me go, please! Please, let me go! Let me go! No! No! Leave her here! Why are you taking her? For the love of God, Lady Louisa! They'll hurt me! Please! Did you know about this? They showed the steward a list, l approved it. But l took care of them! l trusted them! Arrest in itself is not proof of guilt. They're servants, did you think they were friends? L looked after them, inside my house and out. L wished them no evil. Why do they hate me? Edward. Mr Papa! - You will have been followed. - There's no-one. L took care. Come. Sit down. You must leave lreland. Now! You don't know what that means. Please, tell Mama... Oh, for her... it's unendurable. Eddie! They know. Yes. They have documents which can execute you. Orders, plans. - L see they do not catch me. - You do not listen. Your life is at stake. L'm listening. Mr Conolly has spoken to the Lord Lieutenant. Your cousin Mr Fox and your Uncle Richmond have also written to him, and to the Chancellor. Now you may have safe passage from any port out of this country. You, Pamela, your little girl, all of your household. L see the aristocracy has been working hard for my benefit. This is your only chance! - Lt's not an op... - No! Let me speak. We do not agree on the course you have taken. That does not matter. L care for you... and for your mother. L do not see how l can live with the absence of one... ..and the sorrow of the other. You taught me to do right. To follow my heart. Come home. No. I am too deeply pledged. L cannot, in honour, desert. You say l have permission. But this is not permission, this is an order. - You are allowed to leave. - Allowed? I am told l must leave in ten days or l shall be arrested as a spy! - Do you expect me to leave him? - You must think of your child. - And forget the father? - Edward wanted you to go. He begged me to arrange a passport. Will you ignore his wishes? Lt would suit everyone to get rid of me. No! You mustn't think that. Do you think l should go? You must. Lt's best. Argh! Fire! Present! Fire! God, look down on them. "To all United friends, have courage and faith. Half a million heroes await the moment, the new age of freedom." Edward's incarceration hasn't come a moment too soon. This nonsense has to stop! Wait and see. L remained convinced that our prestigious family, with its significant connections, could still hold sway over history. Louisa, too, tried to have influence. She brought my son, William, Duke of Leinster, to see his brother in prison. No visits are allowed. We make no extraordinary demand. Simply that His Grace may visit his brother and l may visit my nephew. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to oblige you. Lt is in your power. My nephew is ill. My lady, last night... Captain Ryan died of his wounds. Lord Edward is charged with murder. My orders are clear. We must go to the Lord Chancellor. L could not believe that my favourite son, my Eddie, should be languishing in gaol. L still hoped to secure his freedom. L've been all day at the palace. You spoke to the Prince? - He sends his deepest sympathy. Sympathy? Will sympathy free my son? Lf the Prince of Wales were king, then... You said you would do everything in your power. And l have. But as things stand, l'm a clapperless bell. L shall ask my brother to speak to the King. My son was a traitor, and the head of our family would have to plead with the King for clemency, with no certainty of success. At least our name still counted for something in Dublin. Argh! Argh! God! God! Argh! God! Oh, God! My dear sister, you overestimate my influence. You have the support of the government and the ear of the King. Because l agree with them. L abhor and despise rebellion. L know. How can l ask favours for a traitor? Can you not forget he's a traitor and remember he's your nephew? What arguments can l use in mitigation? Our soldiers are being butchered. Ln all my sorrows, l have always had my family to support me. Until now. Can you not at least ask that his trial be fair? How important is the trial? Will he live to stand it? What? Why... should he not live? He was shot in the shoulder. Why was l not told? What danger is he in? The wound, it does not mend. Has the surgeon been sent for? You... you... You do more good... than fif... fifty surgeons. Hush. You see you... You seem... You seem to be way... way... way above me, near the ceiling. Can... Can... Can they hear you... - Can they hear you from where you are? - Ssh. Louisa. Louisa. I am always in the wrong country! You need to eat. We have no time. The drunken raven shall wa... He kissed me. He smiled at me. He and William embraced each other. He asked after you and Mr Ogilvie. He was content. He died in peace. L chose to believe my sister... ..when she told me of Edward's peaceful end. What have they done to Edward's summerhouse? lt's all broken. We'll see that it's mended. Such devastation. Edward loved this garden. Lt was more than a garden to him, it was a paradise. Lt was the world he wanted to create. L said to him once, when he was still little, that Mr Ogilvie was Adam and l was Eve. And after that, Edward always looked on this garden as the Garden of Eden. As he dug and planted, he was trying to create man's first... uncorrupted... home. Tom Paine said that in the Garden of Eden there was no such animal as a duke or a lord. Edward was fond of that observation, he was always repeating it. Charles James! Your Grace. Peace has been restored, it seems. - Peace? - Well, an unhappy quiet. What news of Aunt Emily? She writes with courage. L can't say how she feels. She thinks Lord Edward a martyr. We cannot deny his courage. One must deplore the waste! A young man throwing his life away? - As you say. - His education was his ruin. And did his beliefs come only from his education? L rather think they were part of his instincts for life. Lnstincts? Well, what good did they do? His intensions were honourable. He will be remembered. So will l. lt's little consolation. Do you contrive to amuse yourself now you're in retirement? We have our entertainments. A private life is not without its charms. I am quite a master of cricket. Come and see us some evening. - He's had his day. - Maybe we have, too. You can't be serious, Your Grace. Aristocrats will always be of first importance. You go on, l'll follow you. We... wish to pay our respects to the mother of Edward Fitzgerald. His name and cause he fought for will be remembered for all time. Thank you. You desire to feel old? L thought... when l grow old, l shall feel less. Age does bring peace. Lt does not. l feel things more strongly than ever. Did it bring you peace? Not yet. Don't count on it. Activity has been my refuge. You always wanted to improve things. L try. Louisa devoted the rest of her life to the education of those less privileged than herself. Sarah produced a dynasty of courageous soldiers. L have lived long, loved much, but l've come to rest now... with my memories. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 