Raised by Wolves: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Raised by Wolves 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Raised by Wolves (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 After Earth is rendered uninhabitable, Androids start a settlement and a new family with human embryos on the planet Kepler-22b. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Campion: We were the first, the pioneers, but we weren't scared. [ Radio crackling ] We knew that no matter what happened, Mother and Father would always keep us safe. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪♪ [ Air hisses ] Father: Nice to meet you, Mother. Did you sustain any damage during the landing? No...? No damage. Why do you ask? My programming is telling me that it's a priority for me... your well-being. And yours will be mine. Yes. [ Machinery powering down ] [ Cabin de-pressurizes ] We have a problem. We need to get out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Quickly, Mother. [ Metal creaking ] Would you like to hear a joke while we work this out? What did the male magnet say to the female magnet? Tell me. Whoop! Retrievable. Mother: So, what did the male magnet say? Father: He said, "When I saw your backside, I was repelled. However, after seeing you from the front, I now find you very attractive." I feel optimistic. Yes. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Father, look at this. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Are you ready, Mother? Initiating trimester one. ♪♪ ♪♪ Umbilicals in place. Activate. ♪♪ [ Hammering ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Would you like to hear a joke to help you relax? How many androids does it take to... Shh. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Baby coos ] ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Babies fussing ] ♪♪ Father: Last, but not least, number six. ♪♪ He's not breathing. ♪♪ Give him to me. Our programming dictates that we need to break it down, feed him to the others. Let me hold him first. We need to do it soon, before its cells start to deteriorate. ♪♪ You need to save your energy for the others. Wait. ♪♪ [ Humming softly ] [ Humming continues ] [ Baby fussing ] Our programming dictates that we name the youngest of Generation-1 after our creator. Campion. A strong name. He seems deserving of it. ♪♪ [ Wind howling ] Mmm! Delicious! Do you want? Would you like to eat? No? Ah. Ohm! You want? [ Crying ] Campion: It was hard keeping us alive, but Mother and Father never complained, never got tired, or lost their temper. [ Children singing playfully ] And they never took time for themselves, always making sure we were happy. Campion? Get down! Mother. I found something. ♪♪ Campion: All the bad stuff that happened wasn't their fault. The future is invisible, even for androids. ♪♪ On three. And three. ♪♪ ♪♪ To me or to you? ♪♪ [ Children laughing ] [ Mother speaking indistinctly ] Mother: Stand right here and have a look at it. Gaaah! [ Children shriek ] [ Laughs ] Tally: Aaah! You want to go for a look? Wah! [ Children shouting playfully ] ♪♪ ♪♪ Tally: ♪ Is very heavy, and I'm hot ♪ ♪ But I'm very strong ♪ ♪ I'm doing lots of pottery ♪ ♪ My hands are full ♪ ♪♪ Tally?! [ Humming ] ♪♪ [ Singing indistinctly ] ♪♪ Father: Tally?! Mother: Tally?! ♪♪ ♪♪ Tally?! Tally?! Girl: Tally?! Boy: Tally?! Tally, where are you?! ♪♪ Together: Tally?! ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Howls ] Campion: I've learned now that this world isn't like Mother and Father. It doesn't care if we're happy, and it doesn't get sad when we die. ♪♪ [ Coughing ] ♪♪ [ Coughing continues ] We don't really matter to it at all. Come on, Devon. Play with us. [ Laughter ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ There's just two of us now, but I still believe in Mother and Father. [ Child coughing ] Campion? Spiria? Come inside. [ Coughs ] ♪♪ I know they'll find a way to make us whole again. Mother: But despite their advancements, the Mithraic remain stunted by the tenets of their religion. For instance, they believe that allowing androids to raise human children is a sin, which forced them to send an ark outfitted with stasis pods, rather than a lighter, faster craft, such as the one the atheists so wisely used to send us. Beli... -[ Coughs ] Belief in the unreal can comfort the human mind, but it also weakens it. The civilization you're seeding here will be built on humanity's belief in itself, not an imagined deity. And if it's not imagined? They won the war, after all. What if praying will make Spiria better? No, Campion. Only science can do that. It didn't help the others. Because we have more to learn. We will never advance unless you resist the urge to seek solace in fantasy. ♪♪ You are atheists. Peaceful, technocratic. And it's the only path to progress. And sh... [ Coughing ] ♪♪ Now, Spiria, can you please list the ways in which the number five relates to all manifestations of life? ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Mother humming ] [ Fire crackling ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ We don't belong here. They wouldn't want you to give up, Campion. ♪♪ [ Voice breaking ] You are strong, Cam... pi... [ Sniffles ] Father, what's wrong with her? ♪♪ I don't know. Let me help you back to the barracks, Mother. [ Gags ] I'm alright. Just overloaded. Please continue. Mother. Continue! ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Campion. Don't let Mother catch you praying. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ In Spiria's voice ] Campion, you poor boy, you look exhausted. You need to get some sleep. I don't want to. I miss you too much. But if you don't sleep, you won't be able to concentrate on all the important work you have to do. Spiria wouldn't say that. [ Normal voice ] No. She wouldn't. I don't want to forget what she looks like. I can barely picture the others. I bet you can remember them all perfectly, can't you? ♪♪ Mother? She... She's here! I-I see her! Why haven't you ever done that before? I didn't know I could. I have no record of virtual retinal display in my build description. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ No! What are you doing?! You can't go down there! Campion, the ark of the Mithraic has arrived and is now orbiting the planet. I'm going down there to make contact so that when Mother and I are gone, you will be taken care of. But they're our enemies. They are all that's left of mankind, Campion. Your kind. The war is over. I'm sure they'll be very pleased to add a boy as brave and capable as you to their ranks. And you can teach them all you've learned about this place, all those fine skills you've developed. You will have to pretend to ascribe to their beliefs, but I expect that won't be so difficult for you. But can't they fix you and Mother? Keep you from breaking down? That's likely within their power, but, Campion... Then we'll have them fix you, and we can all stay together. Yes. We can all stay together. Oh, but you cannot tell Mother. Not yet. Do you understand? When can we tell her? When it's too late for her to stop us. Wait. What about the serpents? They're extinct, Campion. We told you they lived down in these pits to keep you children from playing near them. After what happened to Tally, we couldn't afford to take any chances. The temperature's higher down here. ♪♪ ♪♪ Father! The rope is fraying! Thank you, Campion! ♪♪ ♪♪ Let me go down. I weigh less than half as much as you. It's too dangerous, Campion. Especially for a member of an endangered species. But how will you let them know that we're here? How will they find us? We'll try again tomorrow with a sturdier rope. Now, come on. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ People screaming ] [ Gunfire, explosions ] ♪♪ ♪♪ I was flying, Father. When I came out of sleep mode, I was flying. ♪♪ ♪♪ Father: You need to let me do a systems check on you. It could help extend your functioning. I cannot help you if you refuse to help yourself. ♪♪ ♪♪ Are you really breaking down? Yes. But by the time it happens, you won't need me anymore. ♪♪ What were you doing all day? You didn't pick any carbos. Made stick people, like I always do. Tell me where you went today. [ Crying ] Nowhere. You're lying! I followed Father to your ship... in the holes. ♪♪ Mother? ♪♪ ♪♪ Did you go down there? I attempted to. We agreed we weren't going to do that. They're here, Mother. Why didn't you tell me? I knew you'd try and stop me from transmitting our location. You were right. I will try and stop you because that is the exact opposite of our core objective. Perhaps you are the one who needs a systems check, Father. We no longer have any hope of increasing our numbers. There is only Campion. And when we break down, he will be alone. He needs to be with other humans. Even if the Mithraic are delusional, he is better off with them than with no one. We've both seen it. Each death he suffers pushes him further towards belief. After all our teachings, it's the only thing that eases his suffering. I thought we were in sync, Father, that we would remain in sync until we ceased to operate. We came here with 12 viable embryos, and 12 years later, we only have one child. Stop! Our creator overestimated our abilities. We've failed him, Mother, and we've failed our children. Stop speaking! Let me help you. Please. Mother. [ Grunts ] Sleep, Mother. Sleep. [ Grunts ] ♪♪ Aah! ♪♪ Mother, I'm damaged. Help me back to the barracks. ♪♪ ♪♪ Mother? Father?! [ Whirring ] Mother?! Campion. Mother. Campion... Father has shut down... permanently. What? What do you mean? He was fine. He knew he was getting close to the end. We thought it best not to tell you. Didn't want you to worry. No. He wasn't breaking down. We were... I want to see him. Our power cells become radioactive after we cease functioning. I had no choice but to drop his remains into one of the holes. Mother, what's wrong? I think I may have expended too much energy last night. Help me up. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Humming, buzzing ] [ Static, distorted voices speaking indistinctly ] Campion: Hello? I-Is anybody there? W-We need help! Hello? [ Crackling, whirring ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Grunting, breathing heavily ] ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Panting ] ♪♪ [ Wind howling ] Mother?! Mother? ♪♪ [ Whimpering ] ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Wind howling ] ♪♪ MAN: [ Speaks indistinctly ] Lander 2, this is Lander 1. Come in, please. Woman: This is Lander 2. I have a fix on your coordinates. We can be there within 14 hours. Campion. Help me up. Man ♪2: This is Lander 3. We've got the coordinates, as well. We can be there within 12 hours. Do not tell them what I am. But... Just do as I say. Greetings. What is your faith? We are not believers. Hello, there. We received your signal. We represent the ark of the Mithraic. We thought all of Earth's surviving refugees were aboard our ark, but it would seem Sol had other plans. How did you get here? The atheists didn't have the means to build an ark. It doesn't concern you. Now, please get off our land. We don't want you here. Wait. Please. Apologies. But it was you that signaled us. And to my knowledge, there are no laws here regarding land or anything else. But I see that you have been farming. A lot. We are very hungry. You can't eat the pits. Isn't your friend hungry? Not likely. He's an android. Cleric: How many of you are there? It's just Mother and I. How many of you were there? There were eight of us. My Father passed a few days ago. I'm sorry. Are you all warriors? I'm a cleric, but, yes, these two men fought in the war. What about you, boy? Are you a fighter? How many landers has your ark deployed to the planet? Three, including ours. Hmm. And you're searching for the most bountiful region to start your colony. I think we've found it. There's a tropical zone near the equator. There's a considerable electromagnetic field that's preventing us from landing our ark there. And where do you plan to land your ark? This region seems like a likely candidate. It was good enough for you. Yes, it was. But the soil is growing infertile, and the nights are becoming increasingly cold. I advise you to explore the other side of the equator. When you're finished eating, I would like you to depart and tell them that... your comrades on the ark. Would you? I promise we'll relay your message. But I fear we will not make it back to our lander before the temperature drops, so we would be very grateful if you let us spend the night. Let them stay, Mother. You will leave at first light. With no delay. Of course. Thank you. We did not get your name. My name is Lamia. Lamia, let me introduce ourselves. There's no need. We don't want to know your names. I'll show you where you can sleep. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ You may use these as blankets. Marcus: Thank you, Lamia. [ Wind howling ] Good night. Obviously, she's an android. Hmm. Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. Look, this settlement has been here for years. They only way they could have gotten here so fast is if they traveled in a small craft with no life-support systems. No live humans aboard, just frozen embryos and robots. An orphan boy who dwells in an empty land. The prophet who will discover the Mithraic Mysteries. Let's not get carried away. Besides, maybe this land isn't as empty as we thought. If they made it here, maybe there's others. She has to be malfunctioning after all this time. What if the boy is a prophet? We can't leave him here. For all we know, she killed the others. Fine. We'll take the boy. Jinn. If the android doesn't let us take the boy in the morning, you'll need to deal with her. Yes, of course. She appears to be a low-end model. I don't anticipate any difficulty in shutting her down. ♪♪ Those are our crops! You have enough to feed an army. ♪♪ Come here, buddy. ♪♪ Hey. I want to talk to you without the android for a second. She's not an andr... Yes, she is. ♪♪ Is she breaking down? ♪♪ Please tell me you can fix her. We managed to get over 1,000 people across a galaxy in one piece. I'm pretty confident we can fix a broken-down android. But what do you say, in the meantime, you come up and visit our ark? ♪♪ I'm not leaving without Mother. Listen, if she is breaking down, she will become dangerous. It's better we leave her here until we can come back with the proper tools, okay? ♪♪ She shouldn't be left alone. You... You know I have a son your age on the ark? I'll bet you two would get along great. ♪♪ Do you know what else we have up there? Animals. You mean animal bones. No! Real ones. Hair, eyes, teeth, everything. Have you ever seen a mouse before? ♪♪ My son has one. He's even taught it how to do tricks. - Wait. - Stay away from him, Ca... Campion: Aah! Mother! ♪♪ Mother! Mother! Mother! Mother! ♪♪ ♪♪ Mother! ♪♪ ♪♪ No! No! No! No! No! Mother! - Mother! - [ Shrieking ] Don't look at her! [ Shrieking ] ♪♪ [ Breathing heavily ] ♪♪ Stay right here. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Close! Engines! Engines! Computer: Command rejected. Come on! Engines! Computer: Negative. Overridden. Come on. Engines! [ Glass squeaking ] ♪♪ [ Gun cocks ] ♪♪ [ Breathing heavily ] ♪♪ ♪♪ Your boy is not safe here with you. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Computers pinging ] ♪♪ Woman: Approaching craft, please identify. ♪♪ Evan, do you read me? Marcus. Thought we'd lost you. Did you find the source of the signal? Negative. Is something wrong? The Cleric was injured in a fall. He needs help. Copy that. I'll open the gate, have the med crew standing by. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Shrieking ] [ Gunfire ] [ Shrieking ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Shrieking ] ♪♪ Computer: Command. Collision course, Kepler-22b. 17 minutes to impact. Command rejected. Override. Security retinal ID required. ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Whimpering ] No! Aah! [ Panting ] Sit still, or I will hurt you badly. [ Screaming ] [ Grunts ] Computer: ID confirmed. Sequence initiated. Children. Warning. Full-impact ground collision in T-minus 16 minutes. Campion. ♪♪ ♪♪ Begin ultraviolet shower. ♪♪ ♪♪ Purification complete. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Hello. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Explosion ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Heaven, do you read me? [ Static ] Can anyone hear me? Landing Party 2? Landing Party 3? [ Shuttle whirring ] ♪♪ ♪♪ Campion? ♪♪ ♪♪ I want you to do your best to make your new friends comfortable. ♪♪ Hmm? I still have a few chores I need to attend to. ♪♪ Children: I wear the armor of Mithras... Campion: I know I'm not safe with her now. But I guess I never was. That part of her was always in there, hiding. Maybe there's something hiding inside of me, too. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 