Carol's Second Act: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Carol's Second Act 
 s1e4 - Marathon Day - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Carol's Second Act (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Marathon Day - full transcript 
 It's Marathon day in the city, which means it's busy day for the doctors. Carol gets her chance at proving to Dr. Jacobs she can be a good doctor while Dr. Kutcher and Dr. Gilani help Dr. Sommers get over his fear. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Now, I know you're sad about not finishing the marathon, but don't worry. You know who else never finished a marathon? Abraham Lincoln. Socrates. Uh, Meryl Streep. Hold up. You don't know that about Meryl. She can do anything. Okay, Dennis. Just keep that on there. I got to race to my next patient. Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, excuse me. Wow, I have never seen Marathon Day from inside of a hospital. I just love the hustle and bustle. So much excitement. So much stupidity. Marathons are stupid. I mean, the first guy that ran one literally dropped dead, but people looked at that and thought, "Oh, yeah, that's for me."Yeah. So, your doctor told you to get a little exercise, and you took that as, "Run until you pass out"? I just want to pull these people aside and say, "What are you running from?" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But I know the answer. Their sexuality. Or credit card debt.Yeah. Why haven't we started rounds? Is Dr. Jacobs... late? CALEB: Oh, that's impossible. She's never late. Are we early? That doesn't sound like us. [elevator bell chimes] Ah! Apologies for my tardiness. I got caught up in marathon traffic.[Lexie groans] The worst, right?Oh, a small price to pay for these lionhearts to undertake their heroic journey. Today is one of our busiest of the year. But, unlike Pheidippides, the esteemed runner of Marathon, your journey will encompass injuries ranging from dehydration to metatarsal stress fractures. Feet? I hadn't really thought about treating feet. What'd you think we were gonna be treating on Marathon Day? Gingivitis? FROST: Dr. Jacobs. Did you get stuck in traffic, as well? There was a bit of a logjam around mile 17, but I was able to separate from the pack and clock a personal best for the final nine miles. Wait, are you late because you just ran the marathon? DANIEL [laughs]: Wow. You just ran 26 miles, and you're less out of breath than Dr. Sommers after a rant about bees. Just saying, if they go, we go. How do you feel? Never felt sharper. Yeah, I get it. Exercise does wonders for the brain. There's Carol doing a crossword and Carol doing a crossword after Zumba. The difference is amazing. Let's move.Yeah. Dr. Jacobs, are we... moving? Dr. Jacobs? One minute. I just have to... Are you okay?Yes. But you're falling down.I don't think so. You're on the floor.Agree to disagree. ♪ [beep] Now, our first patient is a hero who sacrificed her body for glory. Now, who would like to take a crack at the differential diagnosis? Dr. Sommers.Allow me. Patient exhibits symptoms of mild dehydration and is experiencing mild muscle spasms in her left quadricep. Case closed. Honestly, I'm fine. I just need some fluids, and I'll be ready to get back to work. Although the collapse could be the result of a number of complications. One that springs immediately to mind: running a marathon. I couldn't even tell you were collapsing. I just thought, "What an incredible way to sit." Does everyone have to be here? You know, we should really run some additional tests to rule out irregular heartbeat and lung disease and monitor those muscle spasms to make sure there's nothing more serious. I don't need additional testing. My fall was obviously a result of dehydration. There's no reason to waste valuable patient bed space on me. Nonsense. Now, who among you is up to the task of helping our gladiator? Dr. Kenney. We've made eye contact. Oh. She's all yours. Oh![monitor beeping quickly] Think the monitor's shot. No, it's working just fine. Uh, hold up, interns. I've got to stop by radiology. Dr. Kenney, you'll be with Dr. Jacobs. The rest of you, get your hats and prepare to hold on to them. You're riding with me. [whispers]: Yeah! A day off from Dr. Jacobs? Oh, my gosh. My back just stopped hurting. Oh, Carol, you drew the short stick, which, to you, probably just looks like a regular stick. This is great. I get to spend the entire day impressing Dr. Frost with my medical savvy. Uh, slow down, cowboy. Yesterday, you lost your watch in the MRI machine. Okay, guys, guys, the point is this sucks for Carol.[chuckles] No, this does not "sucks for Carol." I'm glad she's my patient. I see this as an opportunity. To be kicked out of the program?No. To have a hospital food tray thrown at your head? No.To rapidly go full gray? No, but thank you for thinking it's natural. No, I will finally gain her respect as a doctor. How? In case you haven't noticed, we've been trying to do that for the past month. Trying? [scoffs] Succeeding. For your information, I plan to give Dr. Jacobs the full Carol Kenney treatment. So, what, like, lots of pointless stories? No. I am going to win Dr. Jacobs over through excellent medical care delivered with compassion. I like your stories, Carol. They remind me of jazz. Oh! They go everywhere, you never know how long they're gonna take, and you can zone out in the middle and still get the general idea. Well, I like to think of my stories more like hip-hop. They are cool, edgy and often feature unexpected cameos, like the time I saw Yo-Yo Ma at the grocery store. Well, this next marathoner earned himself a medal and a particularly gruesome case of foot ulcers. Oh, no. [exhales] Why doesn't everyone sidle up right next to me and take a gander. You'll notice a splendid greenish tint reminiscent of Monet's Nymphéas, which means we are most likely dealing with an infection. Ah, the foot. It's a curious beast. I'm gonna dig into this one. [grunts] Caleb, you look whiter than usual, which is saying something, 'cause you own two pairs of Birkenstocks. You know how every doctor has their one medical thing that grosses them out? Yeah, mine's bile. It's vomit's vomit. I hate phlegm. I mean, if the Germans named it, you know it's bad. Well, none of the traditionally disgusting things bother me. But one night in medical school, I got trapped in a room with a rotting foot. And I haven't been the same since. So? My ex-girlfriend had warts on every toe. Move on. [chuckles]: Oh, boy! This abscess is fully encased in a sac of fluid. Okay. This patient goes to, uh... Dr. Kutcher. Yes!Yes! Hello. I'm Dr. Kenney. [laughs] Isn't this fun? Here we go. [sighs] Looks like the teacher has become the student and the student, who was a teacher, has become the doctor. Well, I see patient's sense of humor is in critical condition. Dr. Kenney, this is a waste of time. Just release me so I can get back to work. After my exam. Now, are you currently taking any medications? Nothing relevant to this. [sighs] Right, but I still have to... Tell you what, I'll say if you say. On three, huh? One, two, three. Estrogen. Come on! Okay, all right. I know that you're convinced that that pain in your leg is a charley horse, but I still think that we need to run a CT scan so we can rule out a blood clot. It's not a blood clot. How can you be so sure? Because you've been a doctor for all of a month. It's a cramp.Okay. I really want to run a CT, but let's get your I.V. started first. And don't worry. I have treated my superiors before. Our principal refused to believe he had lice. I had to examine him myself. Yeah. He had 'em. I had to shave his head. Mm-hmm. You know how some people don't look great bald? Please stop. I can just do it myself. I actually have already placed it. Well, that wasn't a complete train wreck. [chuckles] Well, sometimes I find distracting the patients creates a relaxing environment. Oh, hey. I see you had the BCG vaccine. Hmm. You must have traveled abroad as a child. Perhaps I did.Huh. "Perhaps." "Not a complete train wreck." What's next, "I love you, Carol"?Oh. I-I still think that you should get the CT scan on your leg. All right, Dr. Kenney. If you think it's worthwhile, then schedule the scan. Really? Oh, fantastic. Should I say "scan-tastic"? I should not. Sometimes you have to cross the line to see the line. You weren't kidding, Dr. Frost. Marathon Day gets busy. Of course I wasn't kidding. I only kid about baby goats. [laughs][chuckles] [groans] There's more of them? Why doesn't the marathon just end at the hospital? A lot of people run to raise money for good causes. Oh, you're right. Yeah. A marathon's gonna be the difference maker. That's what the scientists say. "Just one more marathon, and we'll have the cure for cancer." I have a patient who needs immediate medical attention. Jeans and a 4/20 shirt? [chuckles] This guy didn't run a marathon. I'll take him. Fantastic initiative, Dr. Sommers. DENNIS: Great. Uh, he's septic, which has led to a foot infection. Gnarly stuff. You have to take him. Uh, and every foot patient we have. No way. We're slammed. And everyone today is a foot patient. Please. I-I'll do anything. I'll write your discharge summaries for a month. Two months! Three months, and you wash our scrubs. And you buy our lunches. Fine. But no chips. You have a deal. Why am I smiling, you ask? No. I'll tell you why I'm smiling. Dr. Jacobs is now taking my medical advice. Oh, it's so satisfying. [singsongy]: This isn't a journey I'm going on with you. I was given an opportunity, and I seized it. Carpe diem? Well, diem carpe'd. I have earned her respect. Uh...You know, I think this is the beginning of a new relationship between us. All right, 102 needs more fluids and an X-ray. And 105 is still waiting on the results...Okay, what are you doing? We both agreed you were gonna get a CT scan. Dr. Jacobs, you have to get back in bed. No, I have to get back to work. No, you have to get back in bed. What are you gonna do, ground me? Yes, I am. I am taking away your privileges. You can no longer... I don't know what you like to do, but, whatever it is, you can't do it. So, you never had any intention of getting a CT? Of course not. I told you, I'm fine. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to tend to my patients. Oh! Okay, that does not seem fine. Can we get some help over here? No need! Everything's fine. I'm basically up. Dennis, quick, grab that wheelchair. Here, help me get her in. Boss. Not my boss. I got this. [grunts] And you wanted to help me. [chuckles] Okay, we need to get her a CT right now. She might have a blood clot. Let's go. I'll wheel myself. No, don't be ridiculous. I will take you. Dennis, take care of this. How would you feel if I did that to you? [scoffs] I'd be deeply impressed. Oh, hey. Got another foot patient for you. [scoffs] We can't. We're slammed. But what about our deal? All right, I'll pay for lunch and get chips. Interesting. No. No. Deal's off. It's not worth it. This was supposed to be our fun day without Dr. Jacobs. It was supposed to be my special day with Dr. Frost. Instead, it's been a never-ending foot parade because of you. You guys, I'd love to help, but I can't. But you can. Caleb, we figured out how to fix you. It's called exposure therapy. We gradually expose you to your fear, and the more you're exposed, the less it affects you. What do you mean, expose me? Check your phone. No, not your janky flip phone, you hippy. Your hospital phone. [phone buzzes] Why'd you send me a picture of a ballerina? Scroll down. Oh, no way that's a foot. Caleb, this works. I just texted you an article explaining it. [phone buzzes] This isn't an article. Oh, this one's worse. So, what brings you here?[sighs] Dr. Jacobs has made it very clear that she doesn't want me as her doctor. She doesn't listen to me, and she doesn't respect my professional opinion. So, can you just transfer her to another doctor? Ah, I can. Okay.And I won't. What? But she's impossible and-- forgive me for speaking frankly-- a real handful. I'm sorry. We've all been thinking it. Dr. Kenney, I am glad you ended up being the doctor assigned to her. Whereas Dr. Kutcher would defer to Dr. Jacobs, and Dr. Sommers and Dr. Gilani are-- what's the word?-- cowards.Yeah. I can clearly see that you trust your instincts and are driven to do what is right. Oh. Well, thank you. Too bad Dr. Jacobs doesn't trust my instincts. Well, she should. [sighs] Back to your patient. [laughs] Exposure therapy is working. I'm okay to look at photos. In other news, don't look up "nasty feet" on the Internet. I'm getting some weird pop-up ads. Great. We're even more slammed now, and we need your help. Time to up the intensity so you can actually treat a foot. And how do we do that? You need to come face-to-face with your fear. Literally. Oh, no. Oh, yes, my friend. Oh, I don't think I can do this. Yes, you can. Just sit on the couch. I'll talk you through each step. Now... [inhales] Take a deep breath. [both inhale, exhale] You are totally safe. Be calm as my calcaneus and cuboid head toward you but remain in the periphery. I'm coming closer, but everything is fine. I'm slowly engaging my extensor muscles so you can sense the movement. Are you ready for me to move closer? I think so. I can feel the heat. Now... take a deep breath. [inhales deeply]Whenever you're ready, turn and look. You've got this. Three, two, one. I'm doing it. Now I'm going to wiggle. You started without me? [knocking] Hi, Dr. Jacobs. We got the results of your CT scan. The charley horse was actually a blood clot. It is not large enough to warrant surgery, so we'll just treat it with a course of anticoagulants. All right. I know you want to say it. Go ahead. "I told you so"? That's not what I want to say. I do want to know... why you don't respect me as a doctor. It-it's fine if you don't like me personally. It's bewildering. Everybody likes me. I'm universally... Dr. Kenney. Why do you think I don't respect you? Oh, let's see. Today, you fought me at every step, lied to me and refused to take my medical advice. Dr. Kenney, today was not about you. Today was about... how I am perceived in this hospital. Okay. Is that all I get? I am a black, female physician. And in case you haven't noticed, there aren't that many of us here. I have noticed. N-Not that I've been counting. I've been a-appropriately aware. Go on. I have to outperform everyone around me just to get the same basic level of respect that most doctors get by walking in the door. If Dr. Frost makes a mistake, he's just one man making one mistake. No one's gonna doubt white men can be good doctors. They really have to try to fail.Mm-hmm. Dr. Whitman is still a surgeon here, and he left a washcloth in somebody. But if Dennis or I make a mistake, suddenly, black people aren't qualified to be in medicine. [exhales] Wow. You are so on it that I'd never imagine that you'd feel that pressure. So it's not that I didn't want to be taken care of by you. I didn't want to be taken care of by anyone. I don't have the luxury of appearing weak. You ran a marathon and then came to work. I don't think anyone in this hospital thinks of you as weak. And I'd like to keep it that way. [sighs] Okay. I hear you. I will order that heparin. Dr. Kenney, I would not have let you treat me if I didn't respect you. I actually think you are a very good doctor. Really? [exhales, sniffs] Thank you. And can you say that again and just let me get my phone out? Are you trying to record me? Yes. Yes. And... Oh, what is my password?[groans] Okay. Okay. I'm only going to say this one more time. Okay. I'm ready. I think you're starting to do well as a doctor.[camera clicks] Damn it. I took a picture. Guys, a lot of these feet aren't bad. I don't even want to know what you guys were doing today. We were trying to make him better. We just ended up making him weirder. [chuckles] Man, I am glad this day is over. Uh, guys, we're not done yet. We got one more coming from the ER. [groaning]Are you kidding? Nine hours? Who's still running the marathon? [elevator bell dings] DANIEL: Oh. It's one of Carol's friends. [laughter] Ha-ha. Very funny. Carol? Mitch! It's my guy from H&R; Block. Captioning sponsored by CBS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 