ReGenesis: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 ReGenesis 
 s1e11 - The Promise - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 ReGenesis (2004–2008): Season 1, Episode 11 - The Promise - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Louisa Raposa, their spokesperson. - Welcome to Canada. - Thank you. Aye-aye-aye-aye. Severe anticoagulation syndrome. - What causes it? - We don't know. All right, why don't you two pack your bag? Aw, fuck! Fuck! Mosquitoes can cause anticoagulation. Malaria, she kills over 2 million people a year in Africa alone. And the mosquito inserts the parasite along with anticoagulation saliva into the human. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Carlos, that has been genetically engineered. What? No. We got a Reimer. Really? Uh-huh. It's amazing. No bigger than a bar fridge, it turns salt water, human waste, anything, into pure drinking water. - Except it has a flaw. - Exactly. What about something your body wouldn't recognize? An imposter. A Trojan horse. ...bacteriophage, which is a virus so it multiplies. Pretty soon, one becomes a million and eventually they bust out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you think this could be it? Bob, you're a genius. 1x11- The Promise And don't you put this on my team! We told you to close this border a day and a half ago, now the whole thing's out of control! This is fucking bullshit. - Jill, you got the numbers? - Yeah. Why isn't the Windsor/Detroit tunnel sealed? And where are those National Guardsmen from Lansing? We're not sure. The trucks were diverted, that's all I know right now. Diverted? - Who gave that order? - The medical corp. - They're all sick. - Wait, they were inoculated! Not my department. David... antigens, ELISA test, PCRs all confirm the Variola Major. Well, we knew it was smallpox two days ago when we started this. Well, now we have confirmation. Yeah, we got National Guardsmen who were sick and they were inoculated. With that vaccine? I don't know. We better put out a health advisory. I'll take care of it. China... China... China still isn't allowing that flight in Chicago to land. If it's filled with suspected smallpox. Confirmed smallpox. They're trying to divert it to Guam but they don't have enough fuel. Bob, you need to stick to the science, let these guys handle the logistics. Yeah, but they can't make it to Guam. It'll go down. Hey, Bob. I need you to put a request in for the smallpox vaccine batches that were used to inoculate everybody. - But David! - All right, now just listen. We need to know if they're still alive, all right? Okay. - The Canada-U.S. border's been closed. - Finally! Mayko! I need those numbers! Yeah, hold on a sec! David! Over here! Over here! Now they're thinking the terrorists botched the whole thing to screw us up at the border. 20,000 dead and now it's a diversion? What the hell do they have in mind? - Number! Numbers! Numbers! - Okay, okay! This reflects the data from the samples out of Windsor. - This is good, this is good. - What good? Hemorrhagics over the last 24 hours. Move, get out of here. Fuck, what the hell? - What are you looking for? - The military numbers! I need to know how many people were on the front line who were inoculated. Go back. - David. - Yeah? - You were right. Hemorrhagics. - Yeah? Yeah. Jesus Christ. Sometimes I amaze even myself. Report out of Flint. Fifty marines are seriously ill. Pox? - No, they're bleeding. - Sure. Sure? Where are the 2 million inoculations we're expecting from the U.K.? They're still sitting on a tarmac in London. The Brits are getting a little jittery about releasing them. - What the hell for? - Because they're starting to think they might need the inoculations themselves. Oh, they're going to need more than that. The President ordered inoculations for every man, woman and child! Yeah, and I ordered a double cheeseburger, no onions! Where is it? Just stick to the science, buddy. Okay. - How're you holding up? - Oh, hey, fine. Listen. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Do you like oysters? The little ones. Yeah, well I know this fantastic oyster bar, it's down in the distillery district. It's actually... it's right by my loft. What do you say the two of us duck out of here, we pick up a couple of dozen of Kumamoto oysters, you know, the little oysters and then maybe go back to my place and have a nap. You interested? I'm not interested in being court-martialed. Oh well, come on. We're all going to be dead in a couple of weeks anyway, so who cares? I've been inoculated. So have I. That's the problem Private Rossette. You see, in a few days there's going to be vomit coming out one end, diarrhea coming out the other and well, blood coming out of every pore in between, so there's kind of a time factor on my offer. Here, listen. I just got this sweater. Tell me, do you think it looks better if it's done up like this. Or if I just like leave it open and all sort of sexy? What are you doing? Hemorrhagic fever in smallpox. Game over. He's got it. Game terminated. On 8-2 at 17:32 hours Eastern Standard Time. Good work, David. Well, hey, not bad, eh? Because, what was Atlanta? It was 5 days, 600,000, and Mexico was? Four days, close to a million dead. - And I got...? - Two days, 22,000 dead. Three days! And 30,000! Wow! Good work everybody. Thank you, Weston. Care to explain your reasoning? Oh, I thought you'd never ask. You see, the military boys they did a pretty good job rushing in to fight what they thought was a clear cut smallpox outbreak, but they didn't really do their homework because although the smallpox which infected the inoculated soldiers was killed by their heightened antibodies, there was something lurking in the bushes. Check it out. Smallpox, hum? With a little friend. The antibodies kill the smallpox and they release green monkey disease, aka Marburg fever hidden behind the smallpox. I should say actually, it's super-Marburg because the symptomology was pretty fucking quick. That's it. Oh, that's it. I mean, you could have contained the smallpox outbreak, but in the confusion you managed to infect thousands of people with a virus that's right up there with Ebola released by the very inoculation that was supposed to be protecting us. A pretty slick trick, general. We'll need recommendations. Well, as I said to Private Rossette here, my recommendations are to study and develop a rapid test for recombinant chimera viruses. Private Rossette, would you like to... - David. - Not now. It's about Miranda. I'll just be a minute. What's with lover boy? No comment, general. How'd it go? Very well. Colin Digby, David Sandstrom. Oh yeah. MI-5. MI-5, cool. That's a nice suit. Listen, we need to talk. Our friend Martin Jamieson, aka William Zanzinger was found dead in Cape Town. Well, it is good news. Thank you. How? - It appears to be suicide. - Any other leads? No, nothing official. We don't think that Jamieson created the Miranda virus on his own, as he was a mercenary. We already had him linked to illegal arms trading out of Russia, drugs out of South America and an incident here in Canada. What'd he do, kill a seal? No, he firebombed a Sikh temple. We also don't think that he committed suicide, not out of remorse anyway. - He was most likely murdered. - Why Cape Town? Sorry, I beg your pardon? You said he died in Cape Town. What was he doing there? He was running from British intelligence. Yeah, but why did he run there? I mean, why not Papua New Guinea or Tuktuyuktuk or some spider hole in Iraq? We don't know yet. Okay. Well, that's good, right? Helpful? Thank you. I've just got to wrap up a few things. So, he's really good at what he does, yeah? With science he's brilliant. The rest I'm not sure. Hi, Bob. Hello, Dr. Nathan. Well hello, Gamelan. So... What's the problem, Bob? Histiocytosis. You know about histiocytosis? Histiocytes are a type of white blood cell also called macrophages which ordinarily form a part of a dog's immune system. Their proper role is to engulf bacteria and other material which should not be present in the body and destroy it. I thought it might be there, but I'm not against a second opinion. How many PhDs do you have now? Still just two. We'll need to run some tests. I already have. Well, I think we should keep Gamelan here for a couple of days, put her on a drip. She's jaundiced. See, I didn't notice that. We'll see if we can't get her red cells up. X-rays, blood work. Sure. I packed a bag for her. Now, what do you like on your oysters again? Mmm, definitely some lemon. Some lemon, all right. And let's have a little bit more of this hot stuff right here. All right, you want some hot stuff? Imagine that, nobody's home. You are. My turn. Hey, how's it going? Oh, bankers hours? Oyster night. Hum, got it. Do you remember a conversation about some state of the art DNA sequencer? What, over oysters? It was back during the Miranda outbreak. I'm pretty sure Hira said she heard there was one in Cape Town, South Africa. Yeah, so? Cape Town came up the other day. Here you go. Bethke Labs, Cape Town, South Africa. You ever been there? A beautiful city, got a mountain right in the middle of it. Yeah, we went together, remember? Oh, right. Hum, this is weird. Bethke Labs was destroyed by a fire a month ago. Cause unknown, no casualties. Hold on. Okay, the examiner called it an industrial accident. Cape Daily called it terrorism. The National called it suspicious. What is that? "Because of potential dangers, biohazard experts sealed and secured the facility - pending medical review." - Thank you. I'm always glad to help. Hey, write this down. Bethke Labs... Cape Town, South Africa. Tell James Bond to get us all biohazard samples he can. Okay, is there anything... See ya! - May I? - Yeah, come in Carlos. I've been thinking about your recent scare. I haven't. There was really nothing to worry about after all. That's great, but we can test for BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes. The breast cancer genes. If you have the mutated version, and there are more errors in replication, then this can lead to a cancerous growth. It's a simple test. I can do it for you here. Okay. What happens if I have it? If you have it, it means you're predisposed to breast cancer. The usual recommendation is a double mastectomy. Oh... is that all? Yes, but Caroline given the information, before a cancer grows it can be life saving information. Yeah. I'm going to have to think about it. Okay, good. But thank you. Bob? Bob, what are you doing? Hey. Oh, hi. - What are you still doing here? - Am I supposed to be somewhere else? Home. There's no reason to go home. My dog's in the hospital. Gamy, what's wrong with her? Gamelan's got garden variety histiocytes but they're out of control. I'm sorry, Bob. They've attached to her organs instead of doing what they're supposed to do. What's the prognosis? Well, if they've attached to her liver or her heart, they can grow as fast as cancer cells and form lumps. Do you think Caroline would let me work on it? Fuck Caroline. Do you need any help? Bob... Sometimes I think I know too much. If I didn't know so much about histiocytes and receptive furins and mitosis and meiosis, mitosis reduction division. If I didn't know so much maybe I wouldn't think that I could save Gamelan. I could just let her go. Bob, I'll help you, okay? Thanks, Mayko. What is that? Check it out. Two culminates orienting away from each other because of NH3 production. Aren't you supposed to be working on a model of a smallpox/Marburg outbreak in Detroit? Well, I've got to get my kicks somewhere. Now I'm halfway there, I'm just waiting for some sequence information from Jill. I've been waiting forever. How long does it take to sequence a fucking smallpox virus? Hang on a sec. - Hi. - Hi. How's that theoretical Marburg coming along? Oh, well, I tried hitting it with anti-virals and cytokines and human vasoactive agents. I didn't get anywhere. Even the smallpox sequencing? Shit. Okay, here if you just come for a second and let me... Are you all right? No, I'm a fucking disaster, David. It started in college, you know, feeling like I couldn't get enough air, feeling like I was going to have a heart attack, the sweats, the shakes. Feeling like I'm going to go crazy. I feel that way everyday. Look Jill, you're in a new town, a new job, your ground breaking experiment just... - Crashed and burned. - Yep, you've got a lot of shit going on. No, I know. I know. And I've done all this stuff too, David. Like I've done cognitive and behavioural therapies, I was on Venlafaxine for about a year. - Wow, how did that work for you? - It helped, but it made my brain dull. It killed my sex drive. Look, I want you to take the rest of the day off, okay? You've got to chill. It's going to be all right. I'm sorry, I shouldn't be doing this. Do what? Enjoy the fresh air, relax. It's okay. I'll handle it. I've got to get back to work. - Are you having another one now? - No, I'm fine. You know, you made those same noises that night in Chicago. Come on, Jill. I'm fine. Carlos. Hum? Have you ever been with a women? Yes I have, Bob. I haven't. A handsome guy like yourself? I'm sure your time will come. You know I have Asperger's Syndrome. Yes, I do. We show marked deficiencies in social skills, difficulties with changes and often have obsessive routines and preoccupations. We have trouble reading non-verbal cues. Sometimes we even have difficulties in language in a social context. Todos tenemos una cruz que cargar. Yeah. My burden's Gamelan. Well, she's not a burden. I love her but... Gamelan's sick. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. What's wrong with her? It makes me too sad to talk about it. Okay, I think we're done. Let's get to the PCRs. Okay. Bethke Labs in Cape Town employed 24 people. They specialized in DNA testing and viral arrays, but all of the employees have been accounted for and questioned. It looks like a dead end. It still sounds familiar. David, I think you're going to want to see this. - How many times did you run it? - Three. Let's see it, Bob. Here are the other 2 routes. Fuck me, it's her. Yup. I almost died when I saw it. Miranda. Wait a minute. What is that? We don't know. It's such a small peak, almost background. It may be an error in the image processing. Find out. But I've seen it in a number of samples now. It must be real. Find out! We definitely found Miranda in the samples. Okay. But this other thing out of the same lab could be the next thing some sick fuck's going to throw at us. What do the mass specs show? Well, we could be looking at anything from enteric pathogens to calisa viruses. So you want viral DNA and RNA micro arrays. I do, from a cleaned up sample. We just need to reduce the background. All right. You're back on the Venlafaxine? No. You're awfully calm. Thank you. - It moves faster than Miranda? - Twice as fast. Meaning crash out and destruction of the host is how long? Say you put it in on a plane from L.A. to New York, everybody would be digested from the inside out over roughly Trapdoor, Missouri. And nothing is slowing it down? No. Well, there's a test out there that I want to read up on, a liposome encapsulated virus. It slowed things down in monkeys, and that's all it did. But I have to finish all the polyclonal immune sera before I can go there, so... Here's a picture of it taken first in 1976, and that's what we found. Okay, order some primers and sequence the whole thing. We need to find out if somebody fucked around with it like Miranda. - Are you ready for this? - What? That stuff we scraped off the vials from the Bethke Lab fire? Did we find out what it is? - Marburg. - Marburg? Uh-huh, as in war games Marburg. - Oh, what are you saying? - You tell me. It could be just coincidence. Come on. Miranda and Marburg together. This doesn't ring any alarm bells for you, hum? Look, if Bethke Labs gave us Miranda and then a bunch of generals have us running around playing war games based on the Miranda scenario but using a Marburg chimera? Are they acting dumb or are we just dumber? - Okay, I'll see what I can find out. - Me too. What are you going to do? I'm going to go look at some art. Go away, Sacha! Try again. The great professor, Dr. Sandstrom. How are you? Here, from the motherland. I get the pickles and the pickled herring. But you, you want me to talk, hum? What about? The return of figurative art or the New Baroque? How about the death of conceptual art? Marburg. Have you ever worked with it? Vascily, we know that Moscow was working with Marburg shortly before the wall fell. So? So. The art of science is much improved. Very, very good detail. Yeah, the techs have come a long way. Do they look familiar? This is Marburg... ...it's not mine, it's not Soviet, it's not even Soviet block. Are you sure? We... we didn't care about Marburg until '85. Six years later, the whole scountry collapsed. There was no time for us to weaponize the virus. Wait a minute, this is weaponized? From the sequence, it looks like they increased the incubation period of the virus. So, a person could be walking around for weeks with this and not even realize it. A 10 megaton bomb in a hand grenade. Do you know whose work this is? An artist. A true artist. Do you know any scientists connected to a Bethke Lab in Cape Town, South Africa? David, you know the reason I took up art was to get away from all this stuff of yours! I wish I could do the same. Then why don't you. Tonight, here, stay, we drink, we drink, you get drunk, maybe you buy a painting. Hey, Carlos. I wanted to know if you've had a chance to think about what we talked about? Yeah, I really haven't had the time. Uh, Caroline, it's a simple blood test. Yeah, a simple blood test that's going to tell me if my life goes on as usual or if I have the genes that will change me forever. I don't know if I could commit to a double mastectomy, Carlos. Caroline, if it would save your life? If I was diagnosed and if I had no choice. Okay, but that would be rolling the dice. - Carlos. - You know, you can. My mother died when I was 14. Her breast cancer had metastasized all over. She went into the hospital on the Friday and died on the Sunday. My mother never told me she was sick. She'd been fighting cancer for over 2 years, but she didn't tell me she was sick. - I'm sorry. - No, Carlos, the thing is... I'm glad she didn't tell me. It might sound cold I guess, but I'm glad I didn't know what my mother was going through. I wouldn't have known how to handle it. I wouldn't have been able to deal with the inevitable. My life would have changed so much. - Look, Caroline you can prevent... - No, please, Carlos. Please. You can prevent what happened... - Carlos! Carlos! Please! - ...to your mother with a simple blo... Listen to me! Maybe some day... Okay, when I'm ready, but not today. Okay. So, I'm not taking this as bad news. I mean, it is bad but we already knew that. Oh, and I think we're looking at a polygenic mode of inheritance. I know you're not hungry but you should try to eat something. It's homemade of course. You know, remission isn't out of the question and I think we can fight the pleural effusion with a transfusion and then we can... I'd like to hear you, hear your feet tapping around the house, sbarking when we play Frisbee, crunching on your food. I'd like to hear you, Gamelan. I miss that. Please get better. Hey. Hey. Hey, David! Do you know an Ivan Havlac? Havlac, Havlac, I know that name. Why do I know that name? Oh, Flames sent him to New York for Savard, right? No, that was Jan Havlac. Ivan Havlac was chief scientist of Bethke. About 6 months ago he disappeared. With a deadly virus? What the fuck? We don't know that for sure. Well, let's make the fucking leap, Caroline. Not only is Havlac missing, so's his resume. What are you talking about? Neither British nor South African intelligence have been able to figure out who he is. And you think it's not a coincidence that Jamieson died in South Africa, Havlac worked for Bethke and we found Marburg there? See, you're learning a little science, I'm learning a little intelligence. Can you use your science contacts to try to figure out who this guy really is? Yeah, if you can use your contacts. Caroline, if this Havlac guy has disappeared with Marburg, a chimera strain that's looking deadlier than Zaire ebola and they've got us playing games with this shit hidden in smallpox. What's really going on? Okay, I'll make some calls. Good. Do you still need that information on Vascyli Popov? Caroline. Are you keeping tabs on me? I promise you're the only woman in my life. Yes. Vascyli Popov is not the first person I would have gone running to on this thing. Vascyli Popov is a fucking hero. He fought against proliferation. He was a fucking Soviet germ doctor, David! And he came West after the wall fell, and he's helped us track down a number of Soviet researchers who were working for nasty governments and terrorist organizations. Look, I showed him the Marburg. He positively confirmed that it was not Soviet. Carlos! Can you join us in the war room please! War room. We ran tests on the Marburg's protein, cleavability of the glyco-protein. Glyco-proteins are conjugated protein carbohydrates... It doesn't matter what they are. What matters is that we found a huge jump from the Marburg that came out of Africa in '72 to the Marburg that we're dealing with. What kind of jump? Defensive to offensive. The stuff we scraped off the vial in Cape Town wasn't made to study the virus, it was made to spread it. It's been weaponized. Come on guys, we know the Soviets were stockpiling Marburg. Not this kind. - If you believe Borov. - I do. Then who else could have made it? Only the Americans in this restructured form. That would mean Fort Egan, the most security tight lab in the world. You're suggesting somebody got Marburg out of that lab? It's easy. You want me to open it for you? No, I'll do it. You sure? May I? Nice. Very nice. Front page. It's our centre. My skewering, in every university library in the world. The worst is from the people that you know. People that supported you in the past. Were they trashing you? No, no, that's just it. I... Well, you know you should just do what I do in these situations. Fuck 'em. Fuck 'em all. No. I can't do that. David, I mean you don't know how this feels, right. I mean, I can't sleep, I can't stop eating, no desire for sex. Well, maybe I could help you in that department. Maybe I should just go back on the meds. No, listen. You know what? You put it out there. That's what we do. We do our best work and we put it out there and sometimes we win and sometimes we fall on our collective asses. We all make mistakes? - We all... - Is that what you were going to say? - Fuck you. - ...make mistakes. We do. - I don't. - Yes, you do. No. Jill, come on. To err is human. So, fuck it. What's the big deal? - It's humiliating. - Oh, it's humiliating. A little humiliation is good for the soul. No, it's humiliating, David. And humiliation is something you can deal with. - Well, it pisses me off. - Well, it's in here... and you've got to get it out there. I don't understand that. What do you mean? I don't know. The point is, you've just got to be honest with yourself, right. You fucked up. Your paper was a piece of shit. What? I mean, you fucked up on all your protocols. I fucked up on one protocol. That was a protocol that a fucking grad student would have picked up on. David! Come on, you just... you can't go writing half-assed papers. I don't write half-assed papers! Well, according to the holy Jesus journal of genetic geniuses, you do. Right? They're fucked. And, what are you going to do about it? I'm going to write another paper and it is going to be so good, and I am going to blow it up their asses! - That-a girl. - Hey! Shut up down there! You shut the fuck up! - Uh, that was fun. - Feeling better? I'm feeling... I think I'm feeling a little better, yes. Good, all right. I just want to... I just want to check something. It's not getting better. I'd better go. Thank you, David. Anytime. I need to get some answers. You're talking about stuff that's way above my pay rate, Caroline. Oh, come on Des. I use that line too when I don't want to talk about the truth. If the U.S. military made this strain of Marburg, they can help us break it down. We need their help, not their bafflegab. Fort Egan worked on Marburg, but they systemically destroyed all their germ stockpiles in 1970. It took 3 years. And was Marburg one of their stockpiles? All right, I'm going to go back to the people I work with and tell them that this thing came from Fort Egan. That my information came from an unimpeachable source. If you have a problem with that, tell me before I get to three. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Des. If Fort Egan worked on Marburg, why aren't they working with us? Egan systematically destroyed their germ stockpiles over a 3 year period beginning in 1970. But not all of them. They destroyed their weaponized germ stockpiles, but didn't slow down defensive research one bit. Yeah, defensive research against bio-warfare and bio-terrorism. But they have a sample. Caroline, they created the worst bio-agents known to humanity so that they could figure out a way to defend themselves against it. That's the American way. And the Russian, Pakistani, French, North Korean. Where are you going? Back to the well. David Sandstrom, I didn't know you were such an art slut. I didn't know you... drew figures. I use Sacha for inspiration. Can we talk? Sure. What about the girl? Oh, da da da, she can only speak Ukrainian, Russian, Polish. It would be a great shame to ask her to leave. We think the Marburg came out of Fort Egan. I wonder why other artists don't use nude models, eh. Poets, playwrights, novelists, I think it would improve things for them, don't you? Have you got any paintings for sale, Vascyli? The Louvre is coming tomorrow to take the lot, but until then they are all available. How much for this one? What can you pay? How about $5,000? And where are you going? Back to the well. And where are you going? Hiya. Hi. - Want to sit down? - Yeah. - Confirmation? - Yes. Absolutely. Let's not split hairs. Well, I really can't tell you anything more then, can I? Okay, look. We got Marburg out of the lab in Cape Town. The Miranda virus originated out of that same lab, and the Marburg looks American. You don't look surprised. You're really going places you shouldn't be going right now, you know that? My job is to advise 3 countries on threats to our biological safety. Right now, one of those countries may be the biggest threat. Caroline, please. Colin, tell me. Let me do my job. The whisperers among my colleagues were just deafening. Of course we heard that security at Fort Egan had been compromised. We didn't hear about the theft until later. Who? Who took the viruses? What's more interesting is where they ended up. Why were there stockpiles in the first place? - Caroline, please. - Was it strictly defensive? Shit. Look, you know how easy it is to blur the line between offensive and defensive research. Come on. What was that war game all about? Just what it was. A war game. So, it's just a coincidence that we found a strain of Marburg and the Miranda virus in the same place. They ended up in the hands of a madman. - Havlac in South Africa. - Only if he changed his name. The man who ended up with the viruses from Egan was a Van Chiernegin MD. PhD F-U-C-K. He was head of germ warfare research for the Soviets, wasn't he? My beloved boss. It was dubbed "shotgun marriage". Even presidents weren't aware of the program. Especially after the compromise at Fort Egan. It was specifically designed to create hybrids of hemorrhagic fevers and poxes so that vaccines could be created to combat them. Right? Did they make vaccines? No, they weren't able to come up with one. - Just the bug that could kill us. - Yeah. Okay, so Miranda we stopped. This smallpox Marburg thing. It wasn't a theoretical exercise, was it? Of course it was. There's no indication that the Marburg is out there. But it could, that's what they're worried about. Yeah, that's what they're worried about. Ever since Jamieson was found murdered, now there's this thought that whoever's behind the Miranda virus he's pointing a loaded gun right at us again. After the Cold War he disappeared for awhile, when he resurfaced, it was on the payroll of the Central Intelligence Agency, and then he turned on the West with vengeance. Why? Oh, what does it matter why? He's still turning. So, we should be looking for Chiernegin? He's the one behind Miranda? He's behind taking what came out of Fort Egan and turning it into something that's far more deadly and I'm sure he's not going to stop there. I'll get the Chiernegin name on the radar of every intelligence agency. Great, I'm going to need all the research that Fort Egan's got on Marburg. I'll see what I can do. - We have a priority 1 alert. - What? There's been a SARS-like case reported in Denver, Colorado. The local doctors and public health officials can't identify the virus. I don't want to sound paranoid, sbut let's hope to God this isn't coming from the same guy that gave us Miranda. Temperature spike's up to 105. Lungs are 93% filled with fluid. You ever see a virus that virulent? What are you working on? Malignant Histiocytosis. Gamelan's been diagnosed with it. Do you want to take her home? I'm so sorry, Bob. Uh, okay. You got something? David, I got confirmation that Chiernegin is alive. So, find the fucker. I've got a big problem. I need your help. - This is what came out of Denver? - That's what you sent. No, no. What? Jill? Jill, what is it? David. He was hit by a car. A cab. He's in the hospital in a coma. What? Subtitles: kubilai & Lama Transcript: Raceman - www.forom.com - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 