ReGenesis: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 ReGenesis 
 s1e9 - The Secret War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 ReGenesis (2004–2008): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Secret War - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Caroline, there's been another explosion. Chicago. - What you got there, Bob? - Burnt wire, I guess. So, underground wires seemingly spontaneously combust. CIA got intercepts of a plan to create a blackout and use the chaos to move terrorists from Canada to the U.S. Right, blame Canada! You know who's really happy about this blackout? Who? That guy on death row who was supposed to get the chair this morning. You don't understand, this is a government operated lab I'm in now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Just think of it. Your own line of perfumes. You have a new bacterium, that became the amazing plastic-eating red goo that took out the entire northeast of the continent. Think of all the plastic in all those garbage dumps. Now, you tweak this thing and learn how to control it, it'll be worth a mint. Developed in a government-sponsored lab? I wouldn't buy the Rolls just yet, Dave. Mick? Mick? I saw him dying, mum. I held him. You have got to turn all of this into a good memory, but you're not going to be able to do that here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You need to be in the place that you know. And with a mom that you know. 1x09- The Secret War Carlos, I need your medical report on Justin Ricci. - In your "in" basket. - Thank you. David, that global issues report for the National Academy of Sciences. In my "in" basket. I'm only bothering you because they're bothering me. - Monday. - You're all witnesses. Now what about this haemophilia issue in Mexico? In the Southern Mexican district of Campeche, a serious incidence pattern. Incidence pattern for haemophilia? - It's not a contagious disease. - It's unusual. Could this be some kind of acquired haemophilia? Isn't that possible? It's very rare. Usually it emerges in the elderly. This is hitting all ages and the disease is ranging over a very large area. Okay, well Mexico hasn't asked for any help yet, but let's keep it on our radar. Okay, our lawyers in Washington tell us Specific North Wire & Cable is questioning our science to the tune of a $125,000,000 suit. When the lawsuit hits a billion, I'm taking everybody to dinner. To a soup kitchen. At least Homeland Security was happy with our work. They wrote us, "Dear Ms. Morrison, on behalf of all us... " Can you just put it on a bulletin board? I hate bullshit letters. I'm sorry. We'll save Jill the stress. That's it, unless someone else has anything... Oh, okay. This is really interesting. I read about it on sciencesucks. com. What? They have some great stuff on there. They are lunatics, Mayko. Just hear me out. In the Iraq war this company, Battle Support Services - the Pentagon outsources a lot of the grunt work so it doesn't look like it has too many soldiers overseas, right - so Battle Support Services hired a group of poor, mostly minority Americans to do clean up work at the base in Kirkuk. One team, CC3 was sent to do hazardous waste removal at a bombed out site in the south. I read about this somewhere. Various members of the crew came down with lots of different ailments. Yup. Almost a third of them. Everything from joint pain to asthma to serious hair loss. - All hair loss is serious. - I've been briefed on this case, Mayko. Two sets of doctors concluded that their conditions were unrelated to one another and to their duties in Iraq. Yeah, but they gave no explanation as to what is making them sick. Mayko, the complaints over Gulf War Syndrome are still stalled in the courts. - It's not our mandate. - Yeah, well what is? - These! - Are we through? Yes. Excuse me, David. What were their symptoms? Mostly CNS, some autoimmune. This is the background, and this. And this. And you better read this too. Who's this? Louisa Raposa their spokesperson. I talked to her. She's really cool. I'd like to get her up here. Two sets of doctors said our illness had nothing to do with Iraq. One hired by Battle Support and one by the Pentagon. Jill. Hey, Jill! You okay? You seem a little tense. I'm fine. I'm fine. What's up? Well, uh... okay. I spent 3 years working on the mechanism of immediate early transcription responses to hep-C infection of macrophages. Okay. It doesn't matter. I published my findings and now some... these lab techs they can't reproduce my experiment and they're claiming I was working from the wrong cell line. Now, they're full of shit. They're just looking too far after the infection. Okay, what can you do about it? I can prove them wrong by repeating my experiment with a different cell line. Can we help you? Yeah, I need 3 weeks off. Please, I need it. We are swamped. I know. I need it. Okay, let me talk to David. Maybe someone else can do the grunt work on your experiment. Okay, we'll work something out. Okay? Okay, thank you. Where'd you come from? The door. It was open. Right. What's up? - Can I talk to you? - You are. I've been offered a senior position in another lab. Again? This one's really serious, David. Camico Cosmetics. A senior position. Actually, the senior position in their perfume lab. You're kidding? Well, that's great, Bob. Yeah. That's great, David. Yeah. So, I guess you've got some big decisions to make, eh? I think I should take it because it's what I've always wanted, - but I don't want to abandon you. - Sure. - You think so? - What? No. I mean, it's your decision, Bob. I won't hold you back. If you don't think it's a good idea... I didn't say that. Bob, what do you love more than anything else in the whole world? Working with you. What else, Bob? My dog. What else? Perfume. Well, the science of it. There you go. So, you know, you go think about it, and let me know what you decide. Of course. Thank you for your time. I have a hair appointment on Saturday. If my hair's going to fall out anyway... Keep the appointment. You'll want to look good for a night of celebrating. There's no cancer, Caroline. Oh, that's good news. What is it exactly that you found? Oh, nothing. Nothing to worry about, except that blood pressure. Oh, take it again. I'm fine now. Really. I'm leaving, Jill. Bye. Good morning. Good morning, Bob. Hey. Hey, where were you? Dentist. Do you know about this thing with Jill, her experiment? Yeah. It's glory theft. Somebody jumps on top of a breakthrough and they scream and shout that it's fake and get all the publicity. Eventually they're going to be proven wrong and 5 years down the road the only thing anyone's going to remember are the names of the brave dissenters. She wants 3 weeks off to disprove them. It'll take a month, and then they'll just bring up some other points. These guys live by being assholes. It'll never end. So, what can we do? There's nothing we do really. She's got a reputation to defend. She's not going to walk away from this. Can we do without her for a month? Nope. Oh, let me get that, Mayko. Okay, Louisa Raposa, say hello to Dr. David Sandstrom. I had enough sandstorms in Iraq, so I'll call you David. Yeah, absolutely. Uh, right this way. Oh, thanks for the help with the boxes, David. When they bussed us down to Imam, this 2-bit town near the salt ponds in the south... they gave us hazmat suits, we spent a week loading out these bombed out buildings, even the dirt under them, into these big biohazard barrels. What was in the buildings? Iraqi military supplies. They wouldn't tell us more. And then we loaded the barrels onto these C-135s and I heard they were dropped into the Persian Gulf. Who told you that? I got drunk with the navigator a couple times. Oh, yeah? Handsome? Yeah, handsome. Yeah, you would have liked her. No one told you what the danger was? Well, we weren't military. We were civs, so no one told us shit. We were doing dangerous work with no security and no pension, no future. Now 10 of us are fucking dying. One is dead. My friend... Antonio Santos. The private firm that hired you dismissed your claim as specious. - If specious means bullshit. - What's your ailment, Louisa? Migraines, dizziness, I have very little feeling in my legs. I mean, I can walk but it's a pain in the ass... both cheeks. Do you have an official diagnosis? Just symptoms. And I suppose without independent medical substantiation you can't get a lawyer to take your case. None of our cases. So, are you going to help us out or what? Well, let me get back to you on that. Can you hang around Toronto for awhile? Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah. Put me up at the Ritz, gimme a key to the mini-bar and I can stay as long as you like. Well, it may not be the Ritz, but I've got a fold out sofa and a fridge full of Molson Canadian. You know what? Why don't we go raid my fridge first? Welcome to my other office. So, where's the beer? I'll get the beers, you read. Thanks. Jesus. Pretty amazing symptomatology, huh? It's going to be impossible to prove. So, we better get started. Get off me! - Thank you. - Sure. You and Carlos get the investigation started. - What do we say to Caroline? - You don't say anything. Well, try not to swear at her. I don't think she responds to your swearing. Thank you for the advice. Hey, Jill. Have you seen Carlos? Do you want me to bring you in a change of clothes? I just had sex with an albino midget. - Pretty cool, huh? - What? I don't think she responds to your swearing. Thank you for the advice. All right, where do we get our funding from? - Hello, David. - Yeah, hi. You say 3 governments: Mexico, the USA and Canada, and then I say no, we get our funding from the people who pay taxes to the governments of Mexico, the USA and Canada. It's a waste of time. Ten sick, 1 dead. Yeah, but not dead because of a disease. Antonio Santos jumped off the George Washington Bridge. - Because he was sick. - In the head. He had a history of depression. The U.S. military cannot assume any responsibility. I must have heard that 50 times. Who doesn't have depression when you're dirt poor? He came back from Iraq with fibromyalgia. He couldn't sleep. He couldn't work. But he has insurance and the day before it expired he killed himself so his kids could eat. His insurance policy was for $10,000. How desperate is that? We don't investigate depression. We investigate questionable science. He died in the Hudson but something killed him in Iraq and that's our mandate. Why is this something that only NorBAC can solve? I'm not even sure it's something we can solve. These people have had their case studied twice. Both medical reports say all the symptoms are grey. Everything's grey. We need some black and white. Just give me 72 hours to make our case. 24. - 48. -24. - 72. - 24! Hmm, I'm beginning to detect a pattern here. Okay, 24 it is. - Well, that's three 8-hour days, right? - David! Well, that makes sense. The pot would have helped a lot with his pain. Uh, do you have his address? Is there a phone number there? Yeah. Right. Okay. Thanks. Bye. - Thomas found a home. - Well, that's good. San Quentin. Three strikes. Pot possession. What did Caroline say? Is she protecting her Pentagon pals? No. We've got 24 hours to give her one good reason as to why we should be allowed to pursue this. - We'll give her 11. - Atta girl. Hi, is that Rita? This is Mayko Tran. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Louisa's friend. North American Biotechnology Advisory Commission. I didn't make it up. Okay, look I need to know if you got the lab results. Hey, how's it going? Hey. So, I looked at the haematology reports from the 11 victims. The blood is a bouillabaisse of antibodies for dozens of ruses and bacteria. Yeah, Louisa said they got all inoculated before they left to Iraq, so... Maybe that's it. No, no, no. Everyone who went to Iraq got those. We need to find something specic to the victims. They're suffering, but from so many syndromes and symptom clusters it's impossible for me to tease out a single cause. I'm going to need... urine samples, stool samples, throat swabs. - Talk to Mayko. - Yeah, I did. We're between a rock and you-know-who's hard ass, so... Work fast. Hey, I saw that Bob was packed. Uh, yeah. He got a new job offer. He's leaving us? No, no, no. He'll talk himself out of it in a little while. He's done this before. David, did you try talking him out of it? No, you can't put emotional pressure on people like Bob. You know, don't worry about it. He'll start thinking about this new lab and new people... Bob isn't good with "new," he'll come around. We mainly did janitorial work at the base. The cleanup at Hamar is the only time we left. But you and your crew were the only ones who got sick? Yeah. Only ones that left, only ones that got sick. What about the suits? I mean... could the hazmat suits have been faulty? No, the gear was cool, you know. It fit well, it didn't weigh much. Maybe they were torn. No, no, no, no, the stuff didn't tear. It was like it was made of kryptonite or something. - Really? - Yeah. Yeah? May, where the hell are you? I've got an emu waiting for you. It figures. Yeah. No, no, no, take your time. Bye. Mayko has been held up at the lab. She will be here in a little bit. Uh, what is this exactly? Uh, emu. It's a big bird. We're eating Big Bird, ooh. Tummy English. All right, it's August, in Hamar, in southern Iraq. What was the daily temperature? It was over 115, but the suits were air-conditioned. Your suits were air-conditioned? How? Yeah. I don't know. Ha! What about an air supply? Did you have a filtration mask? No, air tanks. They gave us a new tank every hour and there were no masks. - It was like one piece. - I gotta see one of these suits. Well, I gotta say they don't... they don't cook like this is North Bergen, New Jersey. Ah, well, I bet you say that to all the boys. So how did a resident from the Garden State end up cleaning up after the parade in Iraq? I don't know. Where I come from, you don't get tons of choice. Um, the money was good, they paid room and board and I thought I could help my country and come home with a stash of cash. Uh, you wanna know why else? Why? I had never been on a plane before. Really? - It's pitiful, huh? - No, no. I had never actually been outside of America. - Well, welcome to Canada. - Thank you. Are you a typical Canadian? No, some of us are really quite nice. Mmm, you're a good cook, too. And I give a great massage. Here you go. Did you spend the night here again? Do you have the results of the PCR? - Oh. - "Oh" what? "Oh" I forgot all about it. Oh. Do you need a coffee? - Hey! - Good morning. Sorry I couldn't make it out last night. - How did it go? - Good. Yeah? Last night after she came home, she asked me what your sign was, and I thought: "Ouh, caution, stop! Dead end." Slippery when wet. Louisa seemed to think you might be on to something. We talked a lot about hazmat suits and air tanks. Is that all? No, actually, we came up with a great idea for a new reality TV series: Lab Romance. What do you think? Riveting, huh? I want one of those suits. Can't. I already looked into it. The U.S. military will not discuss it. They won't even admit they exist. I'll take care of that. What have you got? I got a tip off ScienceSucks on how to tap the U.N.'s Iraqi monitoring commission satellite photos and inspection records from 1994 to 2002. Look. So these are the photos Bush and the boys ignored, eh? - Somebody's gotta use them. - Exactly. In the 1980's, the site of Hamar was suspected of being a biochemical warfare manufacturing facility. This is the site now and this is the site before it was cleaned up. Looks a lot like a bunch of bombed-out buildings. And before it was bombed. Not much of a difference. - It was falling apart. - Why did the Americans bomb it? Good question. Check this out. It's when it was built, in 1983. - Yeah, so? - They're U.S. military prefab buildings. - Okay. - So Americans built them. Weren't the Americans supporting Iraq against Iran, back then? Strangely, even though Iraq initiated the war. Look, what if they bombed it because there were biological weapons of mass destruction there? If the Americans found even one of Saddam's WMD's, Bush would've been spitting it until re-election. Not Iraqi WMD's, American. It's a known fact that the U.S. supplied Saddam with biological and chemical weapons in the 80's. All right. We'd better keep Louisa around for a few more days, then, answer a few more questions. Business. - Of course. - Go away. Carlos, you got anything on Louisa's physio? Uh... On my desk. Anything jump out? Yes. Triglycerides are too high, because Louisa likes to drink. How'd you find that out? She told me. Liver's a little swollen, probably the reason for her joint pain. Her Eustachian tubes were clogged. Probably the reason for her dizziness. You don't think any of this has to do with what happened to her in Iraq? I trust what the initial doctors diagnosed. Besides, I think we have more serious priorities. Like? Like this haemophilia in Mexico. David, 9 people are dead. Haemophilia is not a contagious disease. I know, I know, but somehow, this thing is spreading. People are bleeding to death on their way to the hospital. - It doesn't make any sense. - I agree. All right, I'll get on it. Ah, thank you. Let's not drop the ball on Louisa, though. Okay. Jill, I'm gonna need you to run some blood cultures for me. I'm gonna have some samples sent up from Mexico, haemophilia patients. I want you to look for viral and bacterial infection. - Are you listening to me? - David, I'm busy. No, you're insane. Knock it off. I know you've got a lot riding on this hep-C infection, but there's other things going on in this lab. - I know, I just need a couple more weeks. - I need you now. - David, I can't. - Yes, you can. No: yes, you will. Coffee. Thank you. I'm... sorry. No... Lo siento, no habla espanol. Look, I'm looking for... Could it be possible to get the medical histories of all your immediate family? You're 114 people? Ha! Ha! In Porto Rico, okay. Well, could you e-mail me at mayko@maykotran.com? Apparently your doctor never got the fax releasing a file to us. Come on, we... we got the specimens the lab sent, but we're missing... Yeah... No, she sounds pretty hungry. Um... look, why don't you give me a call after you feed her, okay? Yeah. Thanks. Wow! Someone's been working. - I've barely started. - Run me through it. - I'm not ready. - I said 24 hours. It's been 36. Okay. Most of them are working class, immigrant, non-White, with poor access to education and social services. Stick to the medical. Okay, look, each one of these guys passed exhaustive and exhausting physical and medical tests before being shipped to the Gulf. It... They were in perfect health, you know? Now they have hardcore symptoms that can't be traced to any known disease, virus or bacteria. And it's possible something in Iraq could account for all these different symptoms? Yes and no. It's cause and effect: do we have an effect? Well, a third of the people are getting sick, and in each case, the symptoms present themselves within 3 to 6 months of returning from Iraq. Now, biological and lifestyle factors can't account for those odds. Take Rita and Benton: they've lumps in their breasts. I never smoked. Me neither. No history of the disease. Me neither. I'm gonna need a mastectomy. Double for me. No cause. We have to find something that can trigger different symptoms. Are you okay? Yeah. I'm just tired. Any idea? None. I'm giving you a few more days. Oh. Good. Uh, 'cause I... I need your help. Um, I just spoke to a buddy of mine over at Scripts, who works on soft material for the space programme. And CC3 was using high-tech hazmat suits made by a company called Shining Armor, which is weird, because the military isn't even using these things yet, but Shining Armor refuses to admit they built them and Battle Support Services refuses to admit they were using them, so... Can... can you get us a suit? Make some phone calls? I'll make a House call. Oh. Thank you. If your dance card opens up in September, I'll be taking the S.S. McGuinn for a spin around the Caribbean. I could use a first mate who knows her way around the rigging. NorBAC's been keeping me busy, but you never know. Been doing some impressive work, up there in Toronto. I've been working with some impressive people. - Which brings you... - Here, yes. What's the ruckus? CC3, the crew that was on cleanup detail for Battle Support in southern Iraq. We're trying to get to the bottom of their health problems. It's a compelling story. That 2 extensive medical studies have put to rest. But no one denies these people are sick. - But not from Iraq. - Then from what? Fast food? The blight of the nation. But you believed there was enough of a chance that something they were exposed to in Iraq caused these illnesses. That's why you authorized the military's medical study. They weren't exposed to anything. They were using state-of-the-art hazmat gear. - First time in the field. - Field-tested at Samuel for 6 months. Give me a suit. Let my people pick it apart. If there's a flaw, we'll find it. You'll have full access to our results. Maybe you'll learn something. Thanks for the offer, but we don't own the suit. It's property of Shining Armor. Why don't you give them a call? I did. They sent me to you, they said you paid for it. For them to develop it. Shining Armor owns the suit, it's not mine to give away. Oh. So I guess the title, "director of research and engineering" doesn't count for much. Just as small cog in a big military machine. But let me save you some time: the suits are solid. You can wear them on Mars. Okay, you've convinced me, I'll take one. The test data, Caroline. Not the suit. We wanna do our own research. We might find something you missed. What are you afraid of? Besides you? Come on, Connor! The suit. Let me borrow it. Hey! Where were you all day? Shopping. I got you a present, something you can wear. Open it! Is this a joke present? I thought you said I didn't have a sense of humour? - Did I say that to your face? - I overheard you. Twice. - You gotta learn to ignore me. - Don't worry. How did you get it? I... just said, "please. " Hardly weighs a thing. Looks like something Elvis used to wear. What's it made of? Probably like 20 different materials. There's no tank? No. Thank you. You're welcome. Health officials in Mexico are now asking us to look into the outbreak. They need help rapidissimo. I already asked them to send up some blood samples. Anything show up yet, Jill? - Hmm? Uh, yes, we got them. - Anything? I don't know, I haven't had a chance to look at them yet. All right, I want you to drop whatever you're doing and make this a priority. Jill? I... This isn't virology, it's haematology. How many viruses do you know cause internal bleeding? A few. Yeah. Haemophilia affects 1 in 10,000 men. It's pretty rare in women. The father would have to have haemophilia and the mother be a carrier or have it too. The bloodwork will let us know if that's what we're dealing with. There are rare genetic mutations where haemophilia suddenly occurs but unlikely in these numbers. What are we up to now? Fifteen dead. Jill? Yes. All right, I'm on it. And where's Bob? We're going to need his help on the biochemistry. The suit is a C60 carbon atom, but it's spherically, in a truncated icosahedron. Your basic Bucky ball about 1 nm in diameter. Bucky ball? They're the roundest and most symmetrical large molecule known to man. They're beautiful. And they're made into nanofibres, which are like a millionth of a centimetre wide and a thousandth of a centimetre long, and then they put those together and... You know, this is one of the first applications of industrial nanotechnology. You see, a Bucky ball is carbon, like a diamond, but it's hollow, so it's light. And if you flatten it, it bounces right back. Tell her about the heat loss. Oh, uh, you know how some material leaks away moisture? Well, they've figured out a way to use the hollows to put in a vapour that collects the heat and transfers it out. Built-in air-conditioning. Is there anything it can't do? I had a dermatologist check it out: all the materials are hypoallergenic. We've been checking the nanofibres to see if they cause chromosomal mutations, but nothing yet. Bucky balls have been implicated in the destruction of lipid cells in fish. Brain tissue? And they collect in the liver and the kidneys. So what do you think: the crew absorbed some of these... Bucky balls through their skin? It's unlikely. I mean, these things are totally stable and incredibly insoluble, so you'd have to... you'd have to eat them to get sick. So we have no evidence yet that the suits are a problem. None at all. But they're so cool, so the question is: why would you give these to a bunch of non-military glorified garbage collectors? Well, we complain when people aren't properly suited, now we're suspicious when they are? You know what? Strike that. I'm wrong. You're right. Connor? It's Caroline. Hey, Morrison, how're you doing? I'm good. I have some great news: suits are safe. Didn't I tell you? You did, you're right. But I think you forgot to pack the air tank. Classified. - Must be special. - Very special. When's that Caribbean cruise again? Are you offering me a sexual favour? I'm threatening to sink your boat. Morrison, you can say or do whatever you want, it's not gonna wreck our friendship. But I can't let my baby leave this building. You know, I was wondering why you gave up. Now I'm wondering if you knew the suits were safe, it was the tank that was a problem. Tell you what, check your e-mail. I'll send you a consolation prize that might interest you. Thanks, Connor. So, how's it going? I got nothing. I've looked at every known virus that causes internal bleeding and there are no matches. Okay, how about this: Willebrand Disorder. That's a bit of a stretch, don't you think? A mutation. It's been known to fool virologists. Yeah, but not physicians. Right? I mean, do you really think that this could... No, no, no. No, I... I'm starting to have a hard time thinking this even is haemophilia. - It's not the genetic kind. - Well, it's not a virus. - So where does that leave us? - I dunno. What is going on in there? Drama? - It's bullshit. - Is it? First of all, who sent it? The point is, Louisa has a habit of suing her employer. Please. Once? Once is not a habit. - Besides, she won. - They settled out of court, Mayko! - They paid her! - We don't know the details! She sued her employer over working conditions. Sound familiar? Uh, yeah, maybe NorBAC should stop expecting people to work 18 hours a day. I'll pass that on to David. Thanks for you input. Fuck! You think I'm full of shit because I stuck up for my rights? Have you ever done piss factory work, huh? - Take it easy, Louisa. - Fuck no! It's an odd coincidence, don't you think? No! You know what's an odd coincidence? Every time I talk to you, - you check out my tits. - Don't change the subject. I was letting the other girls know their rights, so then they put me on the night shift. Then they changed my job so I got 2$ an hour less. That's a constructive wrongful termination action and I sued the bastards! - Excuse me! - Wait. Wait, we had to ask you. I thought you trusted me. I do. Come on, let's keep talking, I wanna help. Okay. So what else? The air tanks. Did you notice anything unusual about them? Were there any markings, anything? Not that I noticed. They were white, they connected to the suit. Well, did the air taste any different? - I mean, could there have been an additive? - No. Was there something extra on the tanks? Were they heavy? - Light. - How light? - Three, 4 pounds. - And when they were empty? Same. No, they'd have to be lighter. I mean, compressed air adds a few pounds. No, they were the same. Trust me, I could tell the difference. What's wrong? The tanks weren't just releasing oxygen, they were collecting something else. What? Okay, the air tanks weighed just as much empty as they do full, right? That shouldn't be possible, because as they use up the compressed air in the tanks they should be getting lighter. However, they're doing hard physical work, they'd be giving off enough moisture through their breath and their sweat to make up the difference in the weight, get it? The air tanks are collecting the workers' moisture. It's about the water. It's not about the suit, it's not about the site, it's about the Pentagon thinking they're going to be fighting the Arabs for the next 50 years, they don't wanna be lugging their own ater halfway around the globe. So it's water. I want you to tap all your contacts, any group who might have their eye on the Pentagon right now, including your wacko sites. Find out anything you can about water recycling programmes. Okay. Okay, what'cha got? Uh, we're calling the syndrome in Mexico "SACS". Severe anticoagulation syndrome. What causes it? We don't know. The problem is the syndrome seems to be related to environmental factors, but which ones... - Food is our first guess. - Like an allergy? No, it's... it's more like a poison, something that inhibits blood clotting. Snake or spider bites can't be ruled out either. Or something in the air, water, pollution. We have ruled out viruses. Something bacterial is still on the table. So anything's possible. Yes. We just know what it is, but... I think we're going to need to do some on-site tests. All right, why don't you two pack a bag? Yes, you can. All right. Ready? Just about. I contacted all the groups that monitor the U.S. military: nothing. So, I called the Pentagon. Well, I got no particulars, but I do know what was being developed. WATR: water any time recycle, which was a mechanism to harvest water from breath and sweat from soldiers in the field. Well, I think we can now surmise that the air tanks were collecting water. We drank our own sweat? Ha! Presumably, they cleaned it first. Did you see any filtration? No. Where'd you get your water? From a big machine on the back of a truck. It was called something funny, it was like... - a Reimer. - What's a Reimer? No idea. It might have to do with WAPR: water any place recover. What? To recover potable water from mud, puddles, polluted rivers, even latrines. Is that what does motherfuckers gave us? That's what astronauts drink. They don't get sick. Unless the Reimer wasn't working properly. We need to get our hands on one of these things. Right. Thank you. Well, racking up the frequent flyer points, are we? I thought maybe face-to-face, I could convince you to change your mind. About the tank? No way. Okay. How about a Reimer? With that package, Caroline, you could convince me to do just about anything. Except betray my country. I travel all this way and all I get is some cornball line? How's it different from what they use for astronauts? Smaller, faster, cheaper, better. That's all I'm saying. Save money on supply lines and free up soldiers for combat. Can't I have a peek? Maybe I can ease your disappointment by buying you dinner. Sure. If the topic of conversation is how Battle Support and Shining Armor are both owned by the same corporation. On 2nd thought, I think I'll head straight home, see what the wife has cooking. You know what, Connor? We went looking for notices of tender for the suit and funny thing is, we didn't find any. Shining Armor invented the suit. They came to us with it. Our military couldn't ask for bids on something they were given. And the cleanup? Fifteen thousand men and women? Our deployment in Iraq was part of a secret plan. We put out bids for support services, it's not much of a secret, now, is it? Shining Armor and Battle Support are both owned by Garfield Industries. Never did research... 250 billion of Pentagon money went to private contractors last year. Now, they're exempt from the Freedom of Information Act and congressional oversight. - They don't have to worry about salary caps. - The same with every other corporation. Wanna know how much public money went to Garfield? Buy their stock. Sounds like a good bet. Wasn't the previous CEO of Garfield a certain advisor to the president? A piece of advice for you, Caroline: you should really save the ball-busting routine till after your looks have faded. You know what, Connor? This might be just the time where you're gonna have to forget about your career and your ego and your sex life and just do the right thing. I have a dozen sick people and a team of scientists who say that the most probable cause is a Reimer. Let me think on it. I'll call you in the morning. So after the 1st Gulf War, the Americans encouraged the southern Shiites to rebel against Saddam, right? But the U.S. reneged on its promise to help. Saddam dammed the rivers and dried out all the marshes that sustained hundreds of thousands of Shiites and drove them out, slaughtered them, and now that entire area is just a salt-encrusted wasteland. Yeah, I saw. It was unbelievable. But what does this have to do with our work? They were testing Reimer's ability to clean contaminated water. Not to mention Hamar is near the worst water in the world. Perfect place to study it. I think you finally believe me. I always believed you. You're a smart scientist and a terrible liar. Guilty as charged. Okay... I'm beat, gotta go home. Yeah, okay. Uh, look, if you... if you want me to drive you to Mayko's later, - you don't have to leave now. - No! Well, I just... Hey, hey, hey, I'm just tired, don't let me spoil the party. Never know when you'll be back in Toronto. Thank you for everything. - Oh, yeah. Take care. - You too. Have fun, you guys. Yeah? Hey, David, I was helping Jill with her experiments, - looking through her lab notes. - Yeah? I'm no virologist, but I am a biochemist with a lot of biophysics background. Pff, get to the point, Bob. I think I see where Jill went wrong. Are you sure? No. Almost. Actually, yes. Well, listen, if she calls, don't tell her anything. I'll look at it tomorrow. But this is my last day. Hello? You might as well warn Louisa that things are looking bad. Me? You're the one who brought her here. You're the one who's fucking her. We got a Reimer. It's amazing. No bigger than a bar fridge, turns salt water, human waste, anything, into pure drinking water. What we've done is we've genetically modified this mustard so that if it comes in contact with a buried landmine, it turns red, not green. - So, can we get samples? - Yeah, sure. Hey, you don't think they're causing the anticoagulation syndrome, do you? - Bob's not here. - His stuff's gone. Let me get this straight: I'm dealing with cutting-edge technology, but you'd rather be out there making women smell better with beaver balls. You never listen. Jesus Christ, Bob, what are you, my fucking wife? You're leaving, you're running off to Mexico? There's been an outbreak, okay? People are dying. Goddammit! People are dying right here, David! Subtitles: kubilai & Lama Transcript: Raceman - www.forom.com - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 