Naruto: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naruto 
 s1e7 - Kiri no asashin! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naruto (2002–2007): Season 1, Episode 7 - Kiri no asashin! - full transcript 
 Naruto and his squad arrive in the Land of the Waves and learn that an evil businessman named Gato has taken over the land. Zabuza Momochi appears, hired by Gato to kill Tazuna. Excited and... 
 
 Download 
   C'mon! Running like a fugitive, Being chased by something Inside my heart is pounding My throat dry like it's withering For no single one, To none does belong, This time is ours, right now... Unraveling the pain, Unraveling our hearts, Unraveling shadows Stifling our breath, Reaching for beyond, Tearing through the dark In fighting and in love To the distant light above, Yes, we are on the way I wanna rock... Rockin' my heart This is quite some fog. I can't see ahead. The bridge should be visible soon. When we reach the side of the bridge, we'll be in the Land of the Waves. Wooow! It's huge! H-Hey! Please keep it down. I took this boat out under cover of fog. And I cut the engine and am rowing by hand. If they find us, we'll be in deep trouble. Mr. Tazuna. I want to ask you something before we arrive at the pier. The identity of your assailants, and the reason why they are after you. If you don't tell us... our mission may end when you make landfall. The Assassin of the Mist It appears I have no choice but to tell you. Frankly, I'd like you to listen. Just as you said, this may be beyond the scope of your mission. Actually, I am being targeted by a terrifying man. A terrifying man? Who? You guys have probably heard at least his name before. A shipping magnate by the name of Gato. What? Gato... of the Gato Company? One of the world's richest men? Who? What? Yes... On the surface, he's the chief executive of a shipping company... But underneath, he is into drug trafficking and deals in contraband using gangs and Ninjas. Moreover, he runs a despicable business, ruthlessly taking over nations and enterprises. It was about one year ago... when that man first set his eyes on the Land of the Waves... He used his wealth and violence to enter this country, and before anyone knew it, he had taken complete control of the island's maritime transportation and shipping. Having a tight grip on the ocean, in an island nation like the Land of the Waves, means having control of finance, the government, the people... everything. The one thing Gato fears... is the completion of the bridge... that has been under construction for some time now. I see. Since you're the one building the bridge, you've become a hindrance. Then, those Ninjas from before were Gato's men...? But I don't understand. Your opponent is a dangerous one, who will even use Ninja. Why did you hide that fact from us when you made your request? The Land of the Waves... is a very poor nation, and even feudal lords have no money. Of course, we ordinary citizens have no money either. We cannot afford to make requests of Rank B or higher... Well, if you pull out of the mission when I land ashore, I will, no doubt, be killed. Killed sometime before I make it home. But there's no need for concern! Should I die, my cute grandchild who will turn eight... will only cry his heart out! Oh! And... my daughter will only blame the Hidden Leaves Ninja for the rest of her life and grieve in solitude! Oh, it's not your fault at all! Well... I guess we have no choice. Let's continue as his bodyguards. Oh! I am most grateful! I won! We'll be arriving soon. Tazuna. It appears we haven't been noticed up until this point... Thanks. This is as far as I go. See you around. Yeah. You've been a big help. Be careful. Okay! Get me home safely. Right. When they next attack, it won't be Chunin, but elite level Jonin. Cripes! I won't let this guy do all the fun stuff anymore! There! Heh... Just a mouse. Quit trying to show off! There was nothing there in the first place! Please, Naruto. Don't use Kunai Knives recklessly. They're really dangerous. Hey brat! Don't be doing anything confusing! Huh? I sense a presence there! No, over here?! There! Stop it, already! S-Someone's really been targeting us the whole time! Yeah right! Knock it off, you! Naruto! What have you done?! It's a bunny! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... I'm sorry, bunny. It's just a rabbit, eh. That's a snow rabbit. But that doesn't explain its fur color... The coat turns white only during winter when there is little sunlight. Which means... that snow rabbit was raised indoors without sunlight to be used as a substitution. Guess they're already here... I'm sorry... I see... The Demon Brothers wouldn't be enough to take on these guys. The Copy Ninja from the Village of the Hidden Leaves. "Sharingan" Kakashi is with them... Everyone, get down! If I'm not mistaken, he's... Here we go! Here we go, here we go, here we go! I'm going to do it this time. I won't lose to Sasuke! Well, well. If it isn't the Rogue Ninja of the Hidden Mist, Zabuza Momochi! Rogue Ninja? Whatever. What's important now is... Ready... Go! You're in the way. Get back, you guys. Why?! He's on a totally different level from the guys from the other day. His being our opponent means... Huh? Oh. That things might be tricky as I am now. I assume you are Kakashi, the Sharingan user... Sorry, but... I'll have you hand over the old man. Huh? Huh? Sharingan? What's that? What? What is he talking about? Is this guy strong? Sharingan... Get in Manji battle formation, you guys. Protect Tazuna... Don't involve yourselves in the fight. Huh? That's the teamwork in this situation. Huh?! Fight me. W-What's this eye...? Well now... I never expected to see the rumored Sharingan this soon... This is an honor. Everyone's been saying Sharingan... What is it?! ...Sharingan. Power that the light of the eye generates, and the pupil emanates. The user of the so-called Visual Jutsu (Art) Is said to possess the vision to see through all Genjutsu (Illusionary Art), Taijutsu (Physical Art), and Ninjutsu (Ninja Art), and is able to deflect them. The Sharingan is a type of eye that is unique to the user of the Visual Art. However, that is not the only power of the Sharingan. Well said. That is not all. What's more frightening is that such an eye can assess an opponent's techniques and copy them. When I was in the Anbu Black Ops of the Hidden Mist, search information about you was in the Bingo Book I would carry around with me. There was also something else in the book... About the man who has copied over one thousand skills... Kakashi the Copy Ninja. What? Kakashi Sensei is that incredible a Ninja? W-Wow! What does this mean? The Sharingan...is a special trait that appears in only a select few even among the Uchiha clan. Could it be, that this guy... Let's end the talking here. I must kill that old man immediately. But, Kakashi, it seems I have to defeat you first. Over there! And he's even on the water? He's building up quite a bit of Chakra! Ninja Art, Hidden Mist Jutsu. He's vanished?! Sensei! He'll probably come to erase me first... What is he? Zabuza Momochi. He's a Anbu Black Ops member in the Hidden Mist and is known as "the silent killing" technique expert. S-Silent? As the name suggests... it's a killing skill that's implemented in an instant in silence. By the time you realize it, it's possible you may find yourself in the afterlife. I haven't totally mastered the use of my Sharingan. So don't lower your guard, you guys. Well, if we fail, we'll only die. How can you be so carefree?! The mist is steadily getting thicker! The Land of the Waves is surrounded by ocean. So mist rises very easily. Sensei! Eight spots. Huh? What? The larynx, the spine, the lungs, the liver... The jugular and the subclavian veins. The kidneys, the heart. Now then, which vulnerable spot would be good? What an intense thirst for blood! If I take even one breath, or move my eyes, I will be marked and killed that's what I'm feeling. If I'm stuck like this for an hour, I'll go mad! Facing a Jonin's intent to kill... This sensation is like having my life being held in limbo... No way! I'd rather die to escape this feeling! Sasuke. Don't worry. I'll protect you with my life. I will not allow my comrades to get killed. I wonder about that... It's over. Sensei! Behind you! Die! The Water Clone Jutsu? It can't be! In this mist... did he actually copy me? Don't move. It's over. O-Oh no! Even Kakashi Sensei fell under Zabuza's Jutsu. I've got to escape. I'll get killed, for real. This pain. What am I doing?! I'd decided, hadn't I? Not to run away no matter what happens. Next episode: "The Oath of Pain!" I'm going to kick butt once again! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 