Naruto: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naruto 
 s1e10 - Chakura no mori - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naruto (2002–2007): Season 1, Episode 10 - Chakura no mori - full transcript 
 Recuperating at Tazuna's house, Kakashi is dissatisfied with the outcome of the battle. He concludes that Zabuza isn't dead and the young tracking ninja helped Zabuza escape! Kakashi ... 
 
 Download 
   C'mon! Running like a fugitive, Being chased by something Inside my heart is pounding My throat dry like it's withering For no single one, To none does belong, This time is ours, right now... Unraveling the pain, Unraveling our hearts, Unraveling shadows Stifling our breath, Reaching for beyond, Tearing through the dark In fighting and in love To the distant light above, Yes, we are on the way I wanna rock... Rockin' my heart It seems I've overused my Sharingan... Are you alright, Sensei? Not really... It will be hard just to move for about a week... Well... It would be better if you didn't move for a while. O-Okay... Hey! Sensei's awake. Come on! Your Sharingan is fantastic, but if it puts that much of a strain on your body, it may not be worth it! S-Sorry... But you know... He did take down a real powerful Ninja like that! We probably don't need to worry for a while. Anyway, that kid with the mask... What was he? He was an ANBU black ops from the Hidden Mist village. It's a mask that the elite Ninja Tracking Unit wears. The elite Ninja Tracking Unit? They're commonly called the "fire extinguishing corps," and their duty is to erase all traces that a Ninja ever lived. The body of the Ninja reveals a variety of things... Ninjutsu secrets and Chakra characteristics which permeate the Ninja of their village... the composition of secret medicines used on a Ninja's body... For instance, if I were to die, every secret about my Sharingan would be investigated thoroughly, and in the worst case, there's a danger that my entire Jutsu could be stolen. In other words, Tracker Ninja are specialists that prevent village secrets from leaking out by killing Rogue Ninja who've run away from their village, and completely eliminating their bodies. First, I'll cut the mouth cloth and have him spit up blood... It's alright. I'll do it... myself... What? You've already come back to life... Darn, you really are rough... You too, Zabuza. Please don't pull them out so violently or you really will die. How long do you plan on keeping that shady-looking mask on?! Take it off! It's a relic from the past, and it's been handy for trickery... But if I hadn't rescued you, you certainly would have been killed. If you were going to put me into a state of apparent death, you didn't need to aim for the secret opening on my neck. You're really a nasty one. It couldn't be helped... Besides, I didn't want to mark up your immaculate body. And also, I can aim more accurately on the point on the neck where there's not much muscle. You'll be numb for about a week and won't be able to move. But since you're Zabuza, perhaps you'll soon be able to move... You're so innocent, smart, and untainted... That's what I like about you. I am, after all, still a child. The fog has lifted. Yes. Will you be alright the next time? The next time... I'll be able to see right through the Sharingan. The Forest of Chakra What is this? Even though Zabuza is dead... this indescribable uneasiness... it must mean something very important... I have a feeling I've overlooked something. What's going on?! Sensei? What? Oh... so to continue my earlier story... Ninja trackers... take care of the bodies of people they've killed, immediately and on the spot. So what about that? What did that kid with the mask do with Zabuza? How should we know?! That masked one took Zabuza away! That's right... If he needed proof he'd killed Zabuza, he could simply have taken the head... And the question is... the weapon the Ninja tracker kid used to kill Zabuza... A regular Senbon... That's impossible... Right... it's impossible?! What have you guys been clamoring on and on about?! It's probably that... Zabuza is alive! What? What the heck do you mean?! But Kakashi Sensei, you made sure that he was dead! It's true, I did make sure... But, he was probably just in a state of near-death. The Senbon that Tracker Ninja used has a very low ability to kill unless it hits a vital spot... It's something that was originally used for medical treatments such as acupuncture therapy. Ninja trackers know all about the structure of the human body... putting people into a state of apparent near death is probably simple for them. First, he went to the trouble of taking Zabuza's corpse which was probably heavier than he is. Second, he used a Senbon, a weapon with a low ability to kill. From these two factors, that youth wasn't aiming to kill Zabuza but to save him. Aren't you reading way too much into it? No... If something seems fishy, make preparations before it's too late. That's also an iron clad rule of the Shinobi! Humph... To hear that Zabuza may be alive and to be pleased... Sensei, what do we do to make preparations before it's too late? You won't even be able to move for a while... I'll assign you training! W-Wait a minute! Even with training, we're not gonna be that strong! Our opponent is a Ninja whom even you, with the Sharingan, had a tough fight with! Are you trying to kill us?! Sakura... Who was it that saved me during my difficult battle? You've all quickly grown... especially Naruto! You've grown the most! He clearly does seem somewhat stronger than before, but... So you noticed, Kakashi Sensei! Now it's getting interesting! It's not interesting at all... Who the heck are you? Hey, Inari! Where've you been?! Welcome back... Grandpa... Inari, what sort of greeting is that?! These are the Ninja who escorted your grandpa! It's okay, it's okay. Right, Inari? Mom, these guys will die... There's no way they can oppose Gato and win. Say what, you little brat! Now listen up! I'm a super hero who's gonna become an awesome Ninja named Hokage in the future! I don't know if it's Gato or Chocolat or whatever... I'm not worried about those guys, at all! Huh, a hero. That's ridiculous! There's no such thing! W-What did you say?! Stop that! If you don't want to die, you'd better hurry up and go home... Inari, where're you going? The sea... I'll be looking at the sea... I apologize. Shucks! That brat... I need to tell him a thing or two! Huh? Is he crying?! D-Dad... So, now the training begins! Yes, sir! So... before that, let me again explain Chakra power for a Ninja, from the basics. At this point... Of course we know about that! Chatora, right? It's Chakra... Yes, Sakura...? Are you listening, Naruto?! It's tiresome, so I'll explain it simply! Chakra is energy that a Ninja needs when he uses a Jutsu! It's made up of two energies: 1) Physical energy gathered together from each and every cell in the body and 2) Spiritual energy accumulated based on numerous trainings and experiences! In other words, Jutsu wrings out and combines these two energies from within the body, and this is called "combining the Chakra." Then Chakra is activated by forming hand "signs." That's exactly right! Iruka Sensei really does have good students. Whatever! I may not understand difficult explanations, but I'll just learn it with my body! Naruto is absolutely right... We're already able to use Jutsu... No! All of you still haven't used Chakra efficiently. What?! Hold on and listen... As Sakura explained earlier, combining Chakra means picking up both the physical and spiritual energies and mixing them together within the body. And of course the amount of each energy, the preparation of the energy, changes based on the Jutsu you want to activate... All of you at present aren't using Chakra efficiently! Even if you're able to combine a lot of Chakra, if you're not able to control it in a balanced way the effectiveness of the Jutsu not only will be cut in half but it may not even be activated at all. Wasting energy will prevent you from battling for long periods. These are some of the weaknesses that can occur. W-What should we do...? You need to learn to control the Chakra with your body! It's difficult training that requires you to put your life on the line to master! W-What will we do? Hm? Tree climbing... Tree climbing?! That's right. But it's not just simple tree-climbing! You will climb without using your hands. What? How? Well! Just watch. He's climbing... Perpendicular to the tree and with his feet! So see, kind of like this... Focus the Chakra on the bottoms of your feet and make them stick to the tree trunk. If you use Chakra well, you can do things like this. Wait a minute! How does something like that make you strong? So this is the main point... The aim of this training is to accumulate the required amount of combined Chakra to the required spot... This is surprisingly difficult even for an expert Ninja. The amount of Chakra used for tree climbing is very subtle. And the bottoms of the feet are the most difficult place to gather Chakra. Anyway! In other words, if you master that control it will be possible to master any Jutsu. In theory, that is! The second aim is to maintain that combined Chakra. Ninja combine the most Chakra during battles. Under such situations, "control" and "maintenance" of Chakra becomes most difficult. So anyway, nothing's really gonna happen with me saying this and that... You'll need to learn it with your bodies Use that Kunai to put a mark at the spot where you can climb up to under your own strength now. Next make an effort to put a mark further from it. You aren't good enough to walk up from the start, so run and use your momentum to get used to it... You got it?! This training is nothing! Hah, it's too easy for me! After all, I'm the man who's grown the most! Enough with the talk... Now get to it. Try climbing any tree. OK, so first I need to gather the Chakra on the bottoms of my feet... Ready!! Here I go! I didn't think it'd be this difficult to maintain a constant amount of Chakra... If the Chakra is too strong you get pushed back... But if the Chakra is too weak, there's no sticking power and that happens. Well...! The difference between Naruto and Sasuke seems about right. This is pretty easy! What?! S-Sakura! So, it looks like the one with the best control of the Chakra is Sakura, the girl... Wow! Way to go, Sakura! Just what you'd expect from the girl I set my sights on! But it does sort of tick me off! Whatever! I wanted Sasuke to notice me... Why does this always happen?! Well, not only does Sakura have knowledge about Chakra, her control and stamina are pretty good. It looks like... She might be the closest one to becoming a Hokage... unlike someone else. And also, the Uchiha Clan isn't really that great... Shut up Sensei! Sasuke won't like me then! Having said that... Naruto and Sasuke... Those two have an incredible amount of Chakra hidden in them... that Sakura can't even match! If this training goes well, this will become an asset to them... OK! First I'll catch up to Sasuke! I'll do it... for sure! Whatever! Even if they do that, it's just a waste... Unbelievable... Even you got beaten and had to come back? The Ninja from the Hidden Mist Village look like total weaklings! You can't even clean up after your subordinates, and you think you're a "demon"! Don't make me laugh! So they're drawing swords... Hold on. Wait. Hey... There's no need to stay silent! Why don't you say something? Don't touch Zabuza with your dirty hands! I-It's gonna break...! N-No way... He moved...in an instant... I wouldn't do that... I'm ticked off!! Next time... If you lose again next time... remember that there'll be no place for you here! I'm leaving! Haku... Such unnecessary actions... I know... But it's too early to take down Gato right now... If we make trouble here... We'll be pursued by them again. We must restrain ourselves for now. Yeah... You're right. Ohhhhh... Ou-ch!! I'm totally worn out! How much stamina can those two have? But Naruto isn't getting any better at all. He'll soon give up and start throwing a tantrum. Shoot! See! He sure is an easy one to figure out! Hey, Sakura! Can you give me some tips? What? Let's keep it a secret from Sasuke! Come on, come on. He's getting stronger and stronger... How strong will he get? At any rate Naruto... the amount of your dormant Chakra is probably more than Sasuke's. And it's even more than mine! I look forward to it... I really do. That Inari... He was crying all by himself. He was looking at the sea and crying the entire time. He's always crying all alone. What's that gonna do? What happened that made him so sad?! Next time: "The Land Where a Hero Once Lived" 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 