Naruto: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naruto 
 s1e3 - Shukuteki!? Sasuke to Sakura - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naruto (2002–2007): Season 1, Episode 3 - Shukuteki!? Sasuke to Sakura - full transcript 
 On the way to becoming a ninja, Naruto must team up with his classmates, the pretty Sakura and the pretty serious Sasuke, whose only common bond is that they both hate Naruto. So Naruto tries to win Sakura over by pretending to be her life-long crush ...Sasuke! 
 
 Download 
   Subtitles By: BakaSan Temari... How close is it? Very close. He is right there. Shit. What should we do? Leave it to me. They do some fine work. What is that sound? An Explosion. It's probably a trap made for Sasuke. I wonder if Sasuke-kun is all right. There's no need to worry. He won't get knocked out so easily. It'd be fine if that were the truth. Well then... shall we get things started now? but before that, I need you two to return to your true forms. Be prepared, Sarutobi-Sensei. Nothing at the same level even now and then! A fight at the level of Hokage The life is coming back to their faces quickly. What is that Jutsu? It's Edo Tensei.... It's a forbidden Kuchiyose (Summoning) to bring back the dead to this world again. Normally, Kuchiyose uses the Jutsusha's (Jutsu performer) blood as its cost. But I heard that this jutsu, in order to summon and to keep the soul of dead in this world, you must sacrifice a living person's body as a container for the soul. Then, those two bodies are ones from a sacrifice? Yeah, and probably the sacrificed bodies are covered by dust from the remains of the summoned souls. And the label put into their head kills the personality of the summoned souls and makes them just killing dolls. All done. You two are just as I remembered... Do you know the sense of fulfillment and joy from hurting a person whom you once called a teacher? I've prepared this stage for you to feel the joy. So, please enjoy it. Hokage-sama, even if their body and faces are same, they are not the true First and Second! I know that! I'm coming! Katon Karyu Endan  (Fire Element Stream of Fire Bullets) Suiton Suijin Heki  (Water Element Water Wall) You've got to be kidding me! Creating that much water in place with no water! Unbelievable! That's a former Hokage for sure. Suiton Suishoha (Water Element Water Wave) Doton Doryu Heki (Earth Element Mud Wall) I see you still have your Herculean type of strength. It sure is tough to fight against these two. This is bad... that is the secret Jutsu that only the First knows. Mokuton Hijutsu (Wood Element Secret jutsu) Jukai Koutan (Birth of the Woods) Chakara is a resource of life. Amazing! That is the legendary Mokuton Ninjutsu of the First, who ruled during the wars and founded Konoha. You finally got caught, Sensei. All right, everybody is here. Everybody keep it moving. Be calm and don't rush. Konohamaru-chan, what's wrong? Does your stomach hurt? It's not that. Ninpo Kuchiyose. Come out, Enko Enma (Monkey King, Enma)! A troublesome one came out... Old monkey, Enma. Orochimaru... It's just as I guessed. You're pathetic, Sarutobi. This is because you didn't kill him then. Well, I'll do it from now. It's too late. Please, Enma. Do the Kongo-Nyoi (Diamond Strength Stick). Finish him. Don't let him Henge (Transform). All right, I got it. Henge! Good. Amazing. What a level of Ninjutsu war... This is the level of Hokage. That's ok. This is just getting fun. It's the Kusanagi-no-tsurugi. Let's go, Enma. Even with the body of Kongo (diamond hard body),  that Kusanagi-no-tsurugi still hurts. I got you. How foolish... attacking straight on without using Kage-bunshin. No, it isn't true. It's not that he doesn't use, it's he can't use. Unlike before, the amount of chakra the Third has now is lower. Using Kage-bunshin that equally distributes the remaining chakra is like throwing away his chakra. As I expected, he's gotten too old... Are you all right, Sensei? Be strong. You once were called a Professor who knew and used all the Jutsu that existed in Konoha. Don't disappoint me so much. Hokage-sama, stand up and please save the village of Konoha! Fools... it's too late. Sarutobi, what's up? This isn't like you. He isn't doing it. What are you hesitating for? End it this time. You Fool! Orochimaru, this is the end. I'll crush your neck. That won't do any good unless I do something to the soul itself since its binded by the Edo-Tensei. Then, I have no choice but to use the Fourth's Jutsu. Please forgive me, the First, the Second. I'll use that Jutsu. Sensei, you seem to be breathing harder now. You've become old. I've never seen you having difficulty breathing (or suffering) this much before. What's so funny? It's pitiful. Even you, once called the God of Shinobi, can't defy aging. What is that? What's going on? Who's that young person? Who are you? Can't understand because it's too sudden for you?  It's me, Orochimaru. You aren't saying... you've completed that forbidden jutsu?! It's scary how much un-human you are. I've finally caught up with you. This is the end for you guys. Shit. I won't let you escape. Orochimaru, you were truly the genius that appears once in a few decades. I wanted to believe you are the one who'll carry my strength and will, but my optimistic thinking created this situation. I'll end you and will correct my old mistake. Next Episode: Hokage's mistake True face under the Mask 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 