The Transformers: Season 2, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s2e16 - Megatron's Master Plan: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 2, Episode 16 - Megatron's Master Plan: Part 2 - full transcript 
 After the Autobots were found guilty - based on false evidence made by the Decepticons - and banished from Earth, they discover too late the sabotage Megatron made to Teletraan 1, sending their spaceship to the sun. Megatron watches with delight how the Autobots' spaceship collides with the sun and destroyed. With no need to continue his pretense, Megatron reveals his true face in public. The Decepticons seize control of the city and mercilessly enslave the residents. The situation seems hopeless, but just as Megatron boasts his victory - he is shocked to hear the sound of many vehicles approaching, and very familiar thundering voice calling his name... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ More than meets the eye ♫ ♫Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫  ♫ Robots in Disguise ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ More than meets the eye ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ [With the help of the wealthy Shawn Berger,] [Megatron tries to prove the Autobots are evil.] [But Spike discovers the tape is a Decepticon trick!] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [However, before he can reveal the truth, the Autobots are found guilty and banished from Earth! Megatron reprograms Teletraan I, sending the Autobots on a one-way journey into the sun!] Ladies and gentlemen, this is Shawn Berger. There they are! It gives me great pleasure to declare today Decepticon Day! [KID IN CROWD]: YAY! [WAY TO GO, MEGATRON!] YAY SOUNDWAVE! This makes me sick! I know whatcha mean. Why waste time? Let’s take the city now! I have my reasons. Which are far beyond your meagre understanding. I still can’t believe the public bought those Decepticon lies. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well we didn’t buy ‘em. And neither did Spike. Right now he’s searching for proof that the Autobots are innocent. Hey, get down, Soundwave! Uhh, Laserbeak, wanna cracker? [IRONHIDE]: Are we goin’ anywhere, Cosmos? Or is this a tour of the stars? [HOUND]: Lay off him, Ironhide. He doesn’t cause our problems. You’re right. Maybe we oughta take it out on the one who got us into this mess. I did what was necessary. [HUFFER]: But we lost and the Decepticons won! And we bought a one-way ticket to nowhere! There’s still time to change our mind! Perhaps I did make the wrong decision. Cliffjumper, turn us around! We’re going back to Earth. The ship isn’t responding. What?! Major malfunction. Our course is locked in. They’ve jammed our guidance system. Hound! Check our destination! At once, Prime! We’re targeted for… the sun! Cosmos, link up with Teletraan I! Negative, Prime. I can’t interface! Hey! My-my circuits are overheating. We'll-we'll We’ll vaporize! Cosmos! Take action! Like what? [OPTIMUS]: If I knew, I’d do it myself! [COSMOS]: I guess anything is better than nothing. [IRONHIDE]: Well, any luck? Nooo! You promised me three cities. [LAUGHS] So, still trying to up the ante? How pathetic. [LAUGHS] No… chance… left. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0! [MEGATRON]: It’s over. The Autobots are subatomic particles. Now, Berger, I believe we have a press conference to attend. [SPIKE]: Well, Mr. mayor? This evidence is conclusive, Spike. How could we have been so stupid? We gotta bring the Autobots back! I’m afraid that’s impossible. But there may be something we can do. Mom, I don’t have any metal coloured crayons, and I need one to finish colouring Megatron! Later, Justin, okay? The real Megatron’s on TV! Ladies and gentlemen, we interrupt our regular programming to present-- People of Earth! This is Megatron. Any questions? You! In front! Thank you, sir. Mr., uh, Megatron, now that the Autobots are gone, what’re your plans here on Earth? I’m glad you asked, EARTH GERM! [BERGER, WHISPERING] What? My plan is to conquer this mud-ball of a planet, and suck it dry of energy! We’ve been had! Yes! Thanks to my partner, Shawn Berger! Berger! - Traitor! I don’t believe it! We’ve been working for a traitor! Berger, you filthy swine! Nothing is more stale than old news. Shred my paycheck, Berger, I’m switching sides. Is anyone brave - or stupid enough - to oppose us? This city is under marshal law, and I am the marshal. [DIRGE]: Let us teach them a lesson in sorrow! I christen this city Megatronia 1! Soon there will be many more! [SPIKE]: He looks like he’s gone crazy! It is over. I saw the Autobot ship, like a silver bullet, streaking toward the sun, and it collided, collided, with destiny! I saw the end. They died in a cosmic funeral pyre! You don’t think what he said is true, do ya? There’s not much room left for hope. Oh no... All flesh creatures shall fill energon cubes at once! The Autobots may be gone, but I still have to clear their names! Spike, son! Don’t! Spike, come back! Laserbeak, Ravage, get him. The tape! It is the end! [LAUGHS] The apocalypse! Berger! Are you alright, kid? Compassion is for fools, Berger! You’re going nowhere, boy! Megatron. Please don’t hurt them. And why should I want to hurt them? Healthy slaves can do much more work! And you, Berger. Do you still want your reward? Yes! Then you shall have it. Everything that you’ve earned. [LAUGHS] Increase efficiency or be terminated. Those generators never worked so hard before. Generators? What about us! Megatron… was true to his word. He rewarded Berger… with everything... he deserved. What’s the matter, traitor? Real work somethin’ new to ya? Berger sure doesn’t have many friends in these ranks. Still, I can't forget how he tried to help me. Less talk and more work. [BUMBLEBEE]: Huh, if it hadn’t been for your force field, Trailbreaker, we’d be molecules now! [OPTIMUS]: You did well, Trailbreaker. Cosmos! Put it in gear and let’s get back to Earth. Cosmos! We’re heading back toward the sun! What’s the problem? Sorry, Prime! My navigational systems are still controlled by Teletraan I! Spike, I’ve got to get to Autobot headquarters. Maybe I can get Teletraan to help us out of this fix. Hm, it’s worth a try. I’ll give you some cover. Roll, Chip! Roll! [MAKES PAINED NOISES] Shut off the power! Megatron. Immobilised human escapes. He is harmless. [LAUGHS] Thrust! Bring him back! It’s not an Autobot, but it’ll have to do. That’s it! That’s my stop, thanks. Come on, Teletraan! I need to know about the Autobot rocket! Who altered the flight plan? Megatron?! The rocket was sent into the sun and... … has been destroyed?! Teletraan, what about Cosmos? Has he been destroyed too? Please… What??? We miss you back at the power plant, human. Why are you here? I, uh, I- You didn’t come here just to see this leftover computer! No, not Teletraan! Stop! Don't! That’s all we have left! Why? It’s just a burned-out wreck. You… pile of reject parts! I'll--! Reject parts? [LAUGHS] I should never have gone to Autobot headquarters. Now Teletraan is destroyed! Hey, Chip, you tried. Teletraan wouldn’t have been much help without the Autobots anyway. Work. Now there’s no hope at all. [COSMOS]: Hey! I got control back! Teletraan must have cancelled the override. [COSMOS]: I don’t know who did what, but I don’t care! We’re heading back to Earth! I hope I have the fuel reserves! Have you ever seen so much energy, Starscream? Warning. Strong energy transmissions detected. Of course! From these generators, Soundwave. [SOUNDWAVE]: Negative, Megatron. From primitive jet engines. [SPARKPLUG]: Jet engines? Starscream! Go and-- I anticipated your order, Megatron! Decepticons, transform! Any further rescue attempts will result in the termination of this city!! You see? Even Earth's mightiest warriors cannot stop us. Soon, other cities will fall, then others, one after the next, until Earth is ours! No, I won’t let you! Grovel for my amusement. Y'hear that? It sounds like… Autobots! [OPTIMUS]: Megatron! No! Impossible! I saw you disintegrated! Illusion, Megatron. Just as you made the people of Earth see us as villains, so we, too, staged an illusion. Decepticons! Assemble for battle! Autobots, transform! And let’s show ‘em a little reality! NO MERCY! Keep firing! Don’t leave an Autobot standing. Come on, guys! Let’s wrap this package of Decepticon garbage! [CHIP]: Who’s winning, Spike? Guess! It’s no use! We’re outnumbered! We’ve lost the advantage! There ya go, Chip. Free. Huh, thanks, Ironhide! Is there anything you can’t do? [MAYOR]: If you can ever forgive us, Optimus Prime, please stay here on Earth. [BERGER]: I doubt anyone will ever forgive me. But, I’ll, I’ll make amends, I'll-- I’ll disband my private army. Oh, that’s real big of you, Berger! They all quit when they found out what a dog lunch you are. Well, um, I-I... I said I’m sorry! You are going to face justice. And may it be kinder to you than it was to us. Autobots, transform, and roll for home! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 