The Transformers: Season 3, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s3e21 - The Quintesson Journal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 3, Episode 21 - The Quintesson Journal - full transcript 
 The alien worlds Xetaxxis and Lanarq have been at war for thousands of years, and will destroy each other within a generation unless Rodimus Prime can convince their leaders to sue for ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪ More than meets the eye ♪ ♪ Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons. ♪ ♪ Transformers ♪ ♪ Robots in disguise ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪ More than meets the eye ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ For centuries now, the planets Xetaxxis and Lenarq have engaged in a senseless and brutal struggle. Xetaxxis has been nearly destroyed by Lenarqan attacks, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 while Lenarq has suffered equal devastation. Both civilizations will be extinct within one more generation, unless these negotiations bring peace. Thanks for the happy news, Melkorr. Will the envoys of both planets shake hands and resolve to see the process through. I don't think this is how a peace process is supposed to begin. Mmm, a strange signal. Chaar, answer! This is Predaking. This is Cyclonus. What news, Predaking? I am diverting, to investigate a signal sector 9. What signal? Unknown. It is an old Quintesson frequency. I'll join you at its source. Be on alert! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Autobots may also have recieved the signal. There is a probability of combat. Pleased to hear that, Cyclonus. Very pleased. Predaking out. Peculiar. A modified wave signal on the old Quintesson frequency. Sky Lynx, Perceptor calling. Recieving you, Perceptor. We're intercepting a signal sourced at coordinates A5xV10. Where in Prime, is that? I've always suspected your astrographic circuits were deficient. Its in the Angarrix sector. Mushy circuits, eh? No wonder we're late getting back to Cybertron! Sky Lynx, this may be serious. That signal is an old Quintesson frequency. I've locked on to the signal. We'll trace it for you! The surface scan fails to reveal a clearing anywhere. I can't land. I'll have to drop you. Well, it's better than getting bashed into nuts and bolts! Do the best you can! I'll track above you! Looks like we've got some cruising to do. Must make more speed! Can't get my arms free! Just a bit! Got it! My arms, Steeljaw! Free my arms! Thats it! Just returning the favor! Outback: I could really learn to hate cholorophyl in this place! Stop talking, and keep walking. Signal's coming from thataway! Signal is stronger! We are very close now! If we're lucky, we'll find Autobots there! Thats the source! Name it and claim it. I'd lovee to, but I have no idea what it is. Still with you, and it ain't been easy! Look out! We can't let it crush that cannister! Look at the cannister! At ease, Ramhorn. It's just a projection. I must have triggered it by accident. Ears Open! Something's being spoken. Journal 1122 playback, containing items 379 MW through 793 BQ, of the Quintesson Journal. A complete record of our commercial enterprises, technical plans and special projects. Die, Autobots! Decepticons! Sky Lynx! Get us out of here! On my way! Predacons, unite! Revenge, on the Autobot Sky Lynx! One thorough drubbing wasn't enough, Predaking? This time you die! Sky Lynx, enough fun and games! Get us out of here! You still need target practice, Predaking! Everyone, buckle up! The signal has stopped. Predaking must have found the source. Negative, Cyclonus. Autobots! Decepticons! I should have known that was all too easy! Where in the heavens did that warp gate come from? They've vanished! But where? So, that explains it! The Quintessons came, for their little toy! That energy field... just drained me. I hope you find your accommodations comfortable. What are you going to do with Sky Lynx? You cannot transform at the moment. Just will simply, remain here. We, thank you for retrieving this segment of our journal. Those bars have got good hot swat! In that case, we'll have to open them up! Excuse me! You look like you could use a little energon. Give me! Well, these bars present a little problem, don't you think? Now, give me! Be glad to. Was that as easy as I thought it was? Answer me, when we're back on Cybertron! Make sure Sky Lynx is ready to launch. I'll be right there. Can you fly, Sky Lynx? I imagine so, but I seem unable to transform while in the range of their disruptors. Come on, Outback! Let's get out of here! Setting course for Cybertron, gentlemen! Decepticons! No mercy and no mistakes! Sky Lynx! Time to stand and fight, fellows! No! time to destruct! Predaking, enough! Prepare to depart. Not until Sky lynx dies! I'll say who dies and when! The ion trail from the Quintesson ship is very strong. They are close by. But you said no mercy, Galvatron! Very true, so I will show none! Decepticons, go away from here! Now! Lies! Lies and falsehoods! From your mouth only, Xetaxxan! - Yeah? - Yeah! No more talk. Let our actions speak for ourselves! And Lanarq shall respond in kind, Xetaxxan! Uh, this... might be a good time for a break. Yeah. Couldn't hurt. Seeing as how everybody's already left anyway. This is Aagar of Xetaxxis. We wish to take delivery. When does ultimate weapon arrive? Our vehicle has encountered turbulence in space. Shipment of your ultimate weapon was delayed, but is now enroute to you. Good! Finally, the means to crush Xetaxxis forever! At last, the defeat of the Lanarqan dogs draws nigh! This planet appears on no charts. We can examine this device, undisturbed. Activate it. I don't know how the Autobots made it play! It is useless unless we get playback! Item four hundred and fifty-seven. Planet: Tixlara. This is it! The secrets of the Quintessons are ours! A large fleet of Quintesson transport vessels were sold to Tixlara. The primitive nuclear fuel requirements drained the planet's mineral resources, bringing the Tixlarian economy under Quintesson control. This is useless!! We supply manufacturing facilities to the planet Alaxuu. Said facilities were designed to create atmospheric pollutant imbalance. The resulting isotopic rains destroyed all vegetation, which we replaced with Plantobots at a substantial profit. Item 793-BQ: manipulating of the continuing war between Xetaxxis and Lanarq. Aren't those not the two planets...? Between whom the Galactic Peace Council is attempting to negotiate a ceasefire. A case study has been made of this conflict. I'll bet they'd love to have that journal at the peace conference. Then lets get it along and bring it on home! All right. On my signal. Excalating sales of armaments to both sides has resulted in continuation-- Autobots! They dare to attack us! Doom to the intruders! Look out! Quintessons! They've got the journal again! We cannot permit that device to be re-purloined! Give up, weakling Autobots! The Quintesson journal is ours! Guess again, Galvatron! This has to stop! Enough! Enough! Don't you know any gentler games? Some peace conference? Peace? We'll be lucky it doesn't break out a galactic war. This reminds me of your wrestling shows on Earth. At least those are faked, Rodimus. We need our ultimate weapon now. Lanarq must be obliterated! This is the last straw! When our ultimate weapon arrives, we will destroy Xetaxxis! We must have the weapon by the next moon orbit! We understand your situation. Yes, the device is on board. Delivery has confirmed your destination. Transport, out. We've had enough delays already! We are ready to proceed! We know it is urgent. The device is on board and we are on schedule. Delivery has confirmed your destination. Transport out. I have never seen two planets more eager to blow each other to dust. What matter, so long as we, reap the profits? What the--? Decepticons! Perhaps we should just use one of the two omega bombs we're carrying. Wasteful. One of those things can vaporize a planet. Yes. To say nothing of vaporizing half our profits. Better to elude them with another warp gate. So, which of our clients will take delivery first? Simultaneous delivery. Both planets must survive long enough for us to get paid. Internal pressure dropping rapidly. Seal the breach! Alert the shuttles! I have it! Head for the Peace Conference, Sky Lynx! Give it all you've got! Come on. Come back to the table. What'll it cost you? Your conference is over and the war will be over soon enough! Correct! And you are its next casualty! Just a moment! The Decepticons give us less trouble than this! This Peace Conference is hereby reconvened! Never! Death to Lanarq! Not if Xetaxxis dies first! Stop it! You'll destroy yourselves! This a peace conference or a slam dance party? Observe! In the third stage, medium powered handweapons were sold to both Xetaxxis and Lanarq. Higher profit margins were not achieved until the sale of interplanetary weapons. Unbelievable! Profit margins? From blowing up our cities ?! Fleet sales of warships increased profits by a factor of five. Newer weapons sold to Xetaxxis generated equalising sales to Lanarq and vice versa. Quintesson profits from the Lanarq-Xetaxxis War have increased steadily for centuries. A textbook case. We have endured these horrors so the Quintessons could profit? Congratulations. It's taken you only a few thousand years to comprehend your folly, and we shall reward your perceptiveness, by providing you your 'ultimate weapons' as promised— already armed, and set to explode on impact. Are you ready -... to take delivery? - Look! A Quintesson cruiser! The bombs must be aboard! - Move! - Go! Go! Now, Ultra Magnus! Its working! One last burst! And thats how the Quintessons treat their clients! I don't like you or your people, Xetaxxan. We don't like you either, but we like a pointless war even less. Then you live on your world and we live on ours. Agreed? I guess they'll never be the best friends, but at least the shooting is over. We better lock this thing up on Cybertron. It's sad, really. All those centuries of war... And the only winners... were the Quintessons. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 