The Transformers: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s2e14 - Day of the Machines - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 2, Episode 14 - Day of the Machines - full transcript 
 Megatron reprograms the human built supercomputer TORQ III with his own personality and has it controlling machines of all types by using Remote Control Circuit Linker cards. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫The Transformers ♫ ♫More than meets the eye ♫ ♫Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons ♫ ♫The Transformers ♫ ♫ Robots in disguise ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ More than meets the eye ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ [Midnight, Quantum Laboratories. Well guarded home of America's most secret scientific inventions.] Huh? Boy, the absent minded professors around here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Always forgettin’ stuff. But, that’s what lost and found is for. Release Megatron. Get a move on, Soundwave! There, the most powerful computer on this planet. TORQ III. Now to reprogram it to serve only me. Illegal access. Illegal access. It certainly is! Now you are being programmed with my personality, My instincts, my contempt for the weaklings who would deny me the ultimate greatness I deserve! I am yours to command, Megatron, master. Watch! TORQ, utilise this mechanism. Make it do your bidding. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 TORQ, cease attack. Well done, TORQ. I await further instructions, master. You shall have them. TORQ, what is the first action before engaging in an act of war? The preparation of defences against enemy retaliation. Exactly! So place these circuit linkers on every mechanism in this facility. And make them our army of defence. [I’m worried, professor.] Perhaps TORQ III is too smart for mere men to control. We must continue the pursuit of knowledge, Paul. But TORQ III’s potentially capable of controlling the whole world! What if the wrong people got control of him? Man’s future depends on the development of sophisticated machines. TORQ is the first machine that can build other machines. Robot welders, robot constructors, robot controlled doors. Even... Robot file cabinets! Hm. I didn’t realise how late it was. We should go home and get some sleep. [Sighs] perhaps you’re right. You’ll probably feel better about our work in the m- [Beeping] what the-? This isn’t supposed to happen! I’ll call maintenance. Maintenance can’t help you, Doctor Gates. I control Quantum Labs now. TORQ has seized command? But-how can that be? Find anything metallic, professor. Ballpoint pens, paperclips, and hurry! What are you doing? Rebuilding the visi-phone for long distance transmission. We’ve got to get help! Oil tankers below. Perfect, a direct hit. That makes TORQ captain of that oil tanker. Rumble, fire circuit linker cards at the entire fleet. [Megatron laughs] [Optimus Prime, attention please.] What is it, Teletraan I? Unexplained change in oil tanker shipping patterns. Hm. All those tankers are converging on a spot near the Decepticon undersea headquarters. They carry a vast energy supply, Optimus Prime. My olfactory sensors detect a rat named Megatron. Incoming message from Quantum Labs. Emergency frequency. Optimus Prime, thank heavens I’ve reached you. What's wrong Doctor Gates? Our supercomputer TORQ III. Someone’s altered his programming. TORQ seems to have taken control of all the machines in the compound! Hang on, Paul, we won’t let you down. But if the Decepti-creeps are collecting all that oil... Shouldn’t we nail them first? But our human friends with Quantum are in danger. The whole world will be in danger if those tankers aren’t stopped. At least let me take it out. Hm… affirmative. Skyfire, take Hound there. Roger, Optimus Prime. Let me go too, Optimus! Very well, Spike. Autobots, transform! ROLL OUT! My firepower will destroy those miserable Autobots! Ah! These things are driving themselves! Stand clear, Wheeljack! Great shooting, Optimus Pri- AAH! Stop those armoured vehicles! Good grief. More bad news. This isn’t one of our shining days. The tires! Aim for the tires! Wheeljack! Take those lasers out! There’s only one way to deal with this. And that’s to stop it flat. Dinobots! I only hope they can get here before we’ve had it. There's still more of 'em! I don’t believe it! You still functional, Prime? Yes, but I wish the Dinobots would get here. Optimus Prime. You called me Grimlock, and other Dinobots? I'll say. Stop those vehicles! [GRIMLOCK]: We help! Hm. Always help Autobots out of messes they get into. DINOBOTS, SMASH 'EM! Good work, Dinobots! Now, follow me! Which way? Autobots, help! Optimus Prime, over here! How about a boost, Sludge? Going down? It looks like you have a machine rebellion on your hands, Doctor Gates. Any explanations? TORQ III took over their control. Question is: why? The answer is Megatron. Somehow he reprogrammed TORQ. He’s even using him to steal oil tankers by remote control. That’s impossible. TORQ can’t run machines that aren’t designed for remote control. He can now. We found this on one of the tanks. Every vehicle that’s attacked us has one of these on it. And you can bet it’s not standard equipment. A remote control circuit linker. [GATES]: So TORQ can dominate any device bearing one of those. Heh, it’ll take more than those Autofools to shut ME down. It’s a safe bet those doors are locked. Fortunately, I have a delicate lock-picking technique. TAKE COVER! This is not gonna be easy. The oil tankers, guys! Look what’s up ahead. The Decepticrumbs plan is beginning to make sense. They’re gonna pump all that oil down to their headquarters. Uh-oh, Hound, look, a force field dome. [HOUND]: There’s no way we’ll ever break through that! But if we could get inside, we could knock that pumping platform out of commission. Wait… I’m getting some serious inspiration. Skyfire, take us down! You gotta do something, my ship won’t respond! This is the Decepticons’ doing, sir. And if you’ll hide us somewhere, we’ll surprise them for a change. Ship ready for cargo removal, Megatron. Then prepare to siphon off another tanker full of oil. Not so fast, Megameatball! GO GET ‘EM GUYS! DECEPTICONS, ATTACK! No more oil, Hook. You’re greasy enough already! HOUND, LOOK OUT! OOH! Let go of me you beaky bird brain! LET GOOOO! Skyfire, Laserbeak’s got Spike! And he’ll drop him on the rocks if you don’t surrender at once! I mean now! Get back! More of TORQ’s slave machines. AGH! It’s a melendulum alloy. I can’t break it! [Groans] maybe a little acid indigestion will slow this thing down! Argh! Hah! Time for you two… to get… acquainted! My only chance is to take you out for a spin! Maybe that’s the last of TORQ’s machine army. There’s only one way to find out. [IRONHIDE]: It’s some kinda maze. [Why do you delay, Autobots? I’m waiting for you! That’s TORQ! We can’t risk going in all at once. The rest of you, wait outside. It’s a trap, Prime! Oh, great! Caged like helio-hamsters at the Cybertron zoo. We gotta get outta here, Hound. Soon, the rest of the Autobots will show, and they'll need our help! How will we get past the Decepticons to help them? They took our weapons. And my ammo. Don’t worry. When the time comes, I’ve got a plan. Come, come, your fearfulness tries my patience. I thought you were more courageous than that, Optimus Prime. Sorry, but I wouldn’t want you to run away... ... Before you meet my friend. A remote control circuit linker! Come to me, my pet. You are mine, now. Soon, all Autobots will be my slaves! AND I, TORQ, WILL BE MASTER OF EVERYTHING! I am your master now, Optimus Prime, and soon I shall rule all! Don’t count on it, TORQ! How can this be?! While you were busy bragging, I slipped a dead circuit linker card into your robot’s hand. DESTROY HIM! [Glitched speech] Megatron, alert. Sensor readings indicate TORQ no longer operable. Tankors now uncontrolled. The Autobots must have gotten to him. Eh, no matter. I’ll control them myself. With this, and bring all the oil tankers under my force dome. That prototype hydrofoil is the fastest thing in the water! Good heading! Thanks for your help, Doctor Gates. Sparkplug, take us out. Aye aye, Cap'n. Stand clear, you two. An electro-magnet.  - Careful with that thing, Spike. I don’t have a metal body, so it’s no problem for me. Megatron should’ve thought of that! Because it’s gonna cost him. That got him! Whaddya say, guys? Can you bash it down? With a smile on our lip components! [RUMBLE]: You can’t get away! [HOUND]: Yeah? Speak for yourself! The charge on that magnet will wear off in a few minutes! Then let’s knock out that force dome while we’ve got the chance! [SOUNDWAVE]: Autobots approaching. They’ll never get through my force field dome! Proceed with the pumping. The force field generator. [SPIKE]: Hey, Frenzy! Come and get me, you metal-headed dumb dumb! [Laughs] that’s one stupid Decepticon! Forcefield down. Autobots attacking. Your pumping days are over, Megatron! I’ll see you on the scrap pile first, Optimus Prime! Even without TORQ, he’s still controlling the tankers. [Gasps] Megatron must have a remote control transmitter! [OPTIMUS]: And, if I can get it, it could be the perfect tool to nail this mission down. I’ll take that transmitter, please! The transmitter is mine! Okay, catch! [Screams] The game’s not over, Prime. I’ll be avenged! You’re free to go. Radio the other tankers and clear the area, fast! I planned to destroy this platform when my operation was complete, But the cursed Autobots wrecked my schedule! So, I shall now wreck them! Attention, Decepticons! Withdraw at once and return to our base! [IRONHIDE]: Where’s he goin’ in such a hurry? I don’t know, but I’ll bet anything it isn’t good news for us. You’re right. This deck’s on its way to the bottom of the sea! - Not with us on it, I hope! No! To the hydrofoil! [IRONHIDE]: Prime, come on, there’s no time to waste! I’ve got to find Spike and the others. Go on without me. Let's beat it! We are in deep transistor parts. Hello, Skyfire. How about a lift outta here? You don’t have to ask twice! If everything’s secure here, Doctor Gates, we’ll be on our way. It is, Prime, but I’m not sure I’ll reactivate TORQ III yet. Not until we can make him absolutely tamper proof. You see, like all machines, TORQ is basically unreliable unless properly monitored. [COUGHS] Hm. -Machine... -Unreliable? Uh… but of course, there are some machine types one can always count on. I’m speaking naturally of, uh- Autobots? You took the word right out of my mouth. It was in there with my foot. [They all laugh] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 