The Transformers: Season 3, Episode 26 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s3e26 - Call of the Primitives - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 3, Episode 26 - Call of the Primitives - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪ More than meets the eye ♪ ♪ Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons. ♪ ♪ Transformers ♪ ♪ Robots in disguise ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪ More than meets the eye ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ Now you are but a single atom. Soon, you shall be much more. Much more. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Begin with the flame. Now, Tornedron, grow on energon. You are more than I could have hoped for, Tornedron! Much more! You shall succeed where the other failed. He was matter; you are energy. He forgot who ruled him. You shall not. Sweeps 6 and 7 coming in for a strike! If the Decepticons had any guts, we'd be taking a serious pounding! I've got news for you. This isn't any picnic! Decepticons, prepare to go in for the kill! Bingo! One down, millions to go. They've stopped firing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know, and it worries me. Attack! Let's do what they don't expect! Counterattack! I don't believe it! You're not sacking me this time! Miserable Autobot! This is Kup! We got a stage one alert! What in the name of-- Don't inquire, just fire! Its eating our blasts! Already Tornedron, you have done more than your predecessor, Unicron. Just try to hold on until Sky Lynx gets here! Me, Grimlock, am stealthy fighter. Come , Grimlock. Come all, primitives. Huh, who calling Grimlock? Come, Snarl, Sludge, Swoop and Slag. Come all, primitives. Someone calling Snarl. Someone from up there. What's with the Dinobots? I'd say they're losing their minds... if they had any to lose! The Dinobots have stopped fighting. Predacons! Where is that miserable Headstrong? I'll get there when I'm good and ready! Terrorcons, form Abominus! We're in big trouble! Dinos! Get off your butts! The Autobots are being destroyed and I don't even have to soil my hands! This is becoming a very bad experience! Come, Predaking. And you too, Abominus. Come. Looks like, they're having a problem too! Trypticon, show the others how to fight! We just might get out of this one yet. Sky Lynx! Save your ammunition, Autobots! Superior forces are taking over. Well, well, Commander Modesty's here! As long as he delivers, I don't care about his ego. Face me, Trypticon, if you have the guts! Both of you, put down your hostility. There are more important battles for each of you to fight. Sky Lynx succumbs too! I'm malfunctioning. Ejection is self activating. Come all, primitives. Hey, something's happening to me too! And it's not on the Top 40! This madness must stop! Me, Grimlock, must answer call, even though Grimlock don't know who calls or where from. Whatever its origin, my superior talents will guide us there. Must answer call! We go! Yes, we go. What is going on here? Ask me when it's over. Fortunately, this motley crew has been blessed with my presence. Impossible! Get back here, deserters! What an odd war this is! Let us seize them and make them pay for their disloyalty! I'm getting strange energy readings. So am I, and its got a bad backbeat. Problem detected. Fear not! Its probably a useless Autobot weapon! Two planets dead. Now for the primitives! Come all, primitives. Sky Lynx: I'm tracking the waves to the center of the galaxy. Even my advanced technology can't pinpoint the exact destination. Grimlock: Me Grimlock not know where I go! Headstrong: That's not surprisin'. Grimlock don't know nothin'! Stupid Decepticon Rhino, make fun of our leader! Sludge no like Predacons! Let's stomp! Predacons stop Dinobots first! Me, Grimlock, say no way! Terrorcons fight everybody! You bozos want to scrap this quest before its even started? Trypticon, why don't you shake those chumps up a little? Me, Grimlock, think maybe it better to fight later. Curious. The closer we get to the caller, the older the space junk becomes. And unless I'm wrong, which is very of course, extremely unlikely, we are being called to a very ancient and sacred place. Trypticon, prepare to land! I believe we're coming home! I do not like this. If Grimlock were calling, from some place like this, me not have answered. As Commander, I will propose our battle plan. Only Razorclaw commands Predacons! You command the Terrorcons over my rusting carcass! Your brutishness is matched only by your stubbornness! Quiet! We are not alone! Look! Strange creature! Grimlock think it, dangerous enemy. Grimlock stomp enemies! No, Grimlock! Grimlock know what he does! Grimlock! Are you alright? From now on, Grimlock follow others. Leading this menagerie will be difficult, even with my amazing skills. Let's find the alien. He is the key to this mystery! He's in there somewhere. Now remember, before you do anything, think, 'Is this what Sky Lynx would do in my position?', and you will not go far wrong. Grimlock say, Sky Lynx would look there. I have summoned you here to tell you a tale of long ago. Me, Grimlock, love long ago tale! Then allow me to tell it. In the beginning of the galaxy, an organic being, we shall know as Primacron, built some of the primitives. As his powers grew, so to did his ambitions. His creatures grew bigger and bigger and finally he created the monstrous Unicron. Unicron decided to rule himself and tried to dispose of Primacron. He failed, leaving Primacron broken but alive. While I, the Primacron's assistant, escaped to this dead world. But, as with all tyrants, Unicron came to his end. Primacron then vowed no to make the same mistake again. Instead of creating a beast of matter like Unicron, that could rebel, he created Tornedron, a cloud of living energy that, like a cannibal's, feeds on energy, leaving suns dark and planets inert; blank slates to do with as he pleases. Primacron is a creature of sophisticated brilliance. His powerful brain concieves of infinitely complex plans. But, perhaps he thinks too hard. Perhaps, your simple instincts can defeat his plans. Therein lies our greatest hope. Therein lies our greatest fear. Trypticon's crashing! Primitives, flee! Us primitive, but not stupid! Hurry, Grimlock! Run faster! Grimlock moving as fast as he can! We all survived? Not all, Swoop! All survive, except leader, Grimlock! Our leader Grimlock, is gone. Suffer my rage, monster! I will show you no mercy! You will rue the day you crossed Sky— Ramhorn: Sky Lynx is destroyed! Who will lead us now? Slag: I, Slag, lead Dinobots away, till I get better idea. Hun-Gurrr: Best idea yet! We run too! Split up! He can't follow us all! Is that so? Hone your hunting skills on them, Tornedron! Headstrong: I detest fleeing! I would rather die fighting! Razorclaw: He is right! Predacons, unite! Predaking: Tornedron... face Predaking! To the end! Get ready, Terrorcons! Only but a few, remain. Now, Dinobots, we ambush! Your mission is complete, Tornedron. Good thing Grimlock have hard head. Otherwise, would now be Dino splatter. Only you can save the world now, Grimlock. Me, Grimlock, feel important. Search for Primacron's lair and destroy him. Tornedron heads for thing in sky. Then thats where Grimlock will go! Strange. Tornedron does not respond to my commands. I'm order you to stop, Tornedron! I take no orders for you. Instead, I take your life force. This is impossible! I have fail-safe systems atop fail-safe systems! There is nothing like dining at home. Or is that our home? I'll stop you! I'll-- Where is the combined radical for-- With repeats constants, I... I-- Grimlock here to save universe! You are creator? Unfortunately... yes. Grimlock laugh at little wimp who cause big trouble! I will make no more if we survive this. Grimlock order Primacron to make everything like it was before! We are finished! I've amplified the energy parameters, minimized the drive orbiter, Redirected the ion flow! I've tried everything! Me, Grimlock, solve problem. Of course, the reverse switch! Why didn't I think of that? You not smart primitive like me. Me, Grimlock, think I did right thing! How brilliant! Simple and brilliant! You reversed the energy polarity! What's... what happened? I don't know, but... but I-I think that cloud just passed over us harmlessly. Grimlock: Grimlock saved universe! Oh, Grimlock hero!! Primacron: Stop it! You stupid—! Grimlock: Why you call Grimlock stupid? Primacron: You've ruined my lab! Grimlock: Me Grimlock think that is smartest thing I ever done! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 