The Transformers: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s2e12 - The Master Builders - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 2, Episode 12 - The Master Builders - full transcript 
 Grapple has dreamed of building a solar tower to collect energy from the sun. But when Optimus disapproves, he finds help from the Constructicons, who are secretly working for Megatron. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪More than meets the eye♪ ♪ Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ ♪ Robots in disguise ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪  ♪ More than meets the eye ♪ ♪ The Transformers ♪ Move over, blue skies, here comes ol’ Powerglide! King of the cloud chasers, sovereign of the stratosphere, Ace of the air! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Uh oh! Somebody’s aiming to ruin my day, and my paint job! But no Decepticon jet’s got the zip to zap me! [STARSCREAM]: What goes up, must come down! [Starscream laughs] And the harder the better! One more connection, Hoist, and my solar tower model will be finished. Here comes the sun! Amazing, Grapple! A magnificent scientific accomplishment. But will Optimus Prime like it? I’m sure he’ll be impressed! Well, if he’s not impressed, I’ll be depressed. Don’t worry about it. Now, come on! I’ll help you present it.  A-okay Grapple, with a capital A! Try to keep me from taking the ball! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Alright, Spike. [laughs] Am I drooling correctly? The word is dribbling, Optimus! Look at this! Here, Spike, compute, quickly! Wow! Did you guys make that slick doohickey? And just what does your doohickey do? Nothing, really. It’s just a model of a solar powered tower. Don’t be so modest, Grapple. The real tower will create gigowatts of energy, and it’ll also- Cool it, Hoist! Prime, we want to construct a full sized tower. The energy benefits would be enormous. I agree completely. But how do you intend to protect it from the Decepticons? Perhaps you didn’t consider that. No, Optimus, I’m afraid I didn't. Then I must regretfully withhold approval of the tower. If it ever fell into Megatron’s hands... Condition Magenta. Powerglide shut down by enemy fire in sector three. Emergency! Emergency! Powerglide needs help. Say no more, Prime! Let’s go, Grapple! The action will do us a world of good. Yeah… I suppose you’re right, Hoist. I should give up solar architecture and become a grease monkey, then my genius might be appreciated. There. That ought to do it. Hey, hey hey! Airborn is reborn! [POWERGLIDE]: Thanks a zillion! And awaaay we go! You see the value of my power tower, don’t you, Hoist? Of course I do! Well then, let’s build it! You and I? What? I said why don’t we- I heard you the first time. But you must have a glitch in your circuits. Optimus Prime said NO! We can’t let the Decepticons intimidate us. Think of the energy it would create. Think of the energy it would take to build it! Two of us can’t do it alone. Yes, I guess you’re right. I suppose it is a selfish dream. But someday, somehow, my solar power is going to become a reality. Uh, Grapple, I-I don’t like the vibrations here. Let’s… roll. Constructicons! Quick! Reverse! We’re trapped! Hold your fire, Autobots! And miss a chance to nail you? NEVER! HOIST! LANDSLIDE! We’re stuck. Relax, Grapple and Hoist. We’re not your enemies. Megatron knows nothing of our meeting with you. Wait! Let’s hear what the constructicon has to say. It's simple! If we wanted to destroy you, you’d be ten feet under by now! And we could still finish the job. None of that, Bonecrusher! We’ve got no grievances against these two. Hm... What do you want from us, exactly? We’ve left Megatron. He took us for granted, ignored our potential. Back on Cybertron, we all admired your buildings, Grapple. They were works of art. So, why can’t we pool our skills now? Those traitors should be deconstructed at ONCE, mighty Megatron. Leave them to me, Starscream. Imagine, Hoist… with their help, we could build the power tower easily. But they’re Decepticons, Grapple. Could we ever trust them completely? I must have your decision! And we must have proof that you’re telling the truth. This feels dangerous, Grapple. You shall have the proof you require. Ah, my loyal constructicons. You ARE loyal, aren’t you? NO, YOU’RE TRAITORS! And you can’t deny it. Megatron, you-you-you you got it all wrong! We’re still working for you, and for the glory of the Decepticons. You see, we eavesdropped on their plans. Plans to build a whopper solar tower! That’d produce megawatts of energy! Energy we could use to destroy the Autobots! Get it? Get it? [laughs] Perhaps this can be used to our advantage. But be warned! Do not betray me! We won’t, Megatron. Not us! But we need proof of our good faith to convince Grapple, oh noble Megatron. Then you must give him my most precious posession. [laughs] What if this is a trick? We’ve got to risk it. You asked for proof? Yes, I did! Where is it? THERE! Energon cubes. We stole them from Megatron. Is that proof enough? It’s energy enough to build your tower! Yes! My dream is coming true. MOVE IT! We’re behind schedule Wait a minute, I didn’t send for any more trucks. TURN THIS RIG AROUND AND… HUH? WHERE’S THE DRIVER? Right here, Buster! Stand aside! We've got work to do! And we need your building materials to do it. We’ll just help ourselves if you don’t mind. Or even if you do! Who? Me? Mind? Why should I? [laughs nervously]. Now, that’s what I call a masterpiece. As soon as my power tower is finished, I must find a place to sign my name. In very large letters. [OPTIMUS]: He shoots, he scores, what a star! Watch out, Spike! I’m driving for a layoff. It’s called a layup, Prime! And watch out for Tracks! Uh oh. Sounds like it’s time for a maintenance check, Tracks. Absolutely, Prime. But I’m having a deuce of a time getting an appointment with Hoist. That’s not like Hoist. I'll call him in for a talk. He’s not here, Prime. He and Grapple have been gone all day. Then maybe Powerglide ought to go search for them. What do you mean you don’t understand how to weld the joints? Follow my plans! You drew them neat, but when I do them, they come out sloppy! Maybe I just don’t have the knack. The secret is temperature and timing, Scavenger. See? Temperature and timing. You’re something else. We need you top side, Grapple. Got a panel problem. See? It’s not a problem, Hook. This swivel allows the panel to track the sun. Hmm… fabulous. But you’d better do a couple more of them, I don’t think I've got it just yet. More panels, Longhaul! And be quick about it! Argh, get this, bring that, I thought I was finally gonna build somethin'! You are! You’re building my greatest creation. I-I-I-I’m so excited, I’m shorting my own circuits! Monumental, Grapple. Yes, it’s amazing what friends can do together. Hey, Optimus, get on the horn. Ol’ Powerglide just spotted your lost sheepicron. I read you, Powerglide. Where are they? I’m zooming down for a closer eyeball [whistles]. I’m afraid ya not gonna like it when ya see it. Patch me in. You got it, big fella. Grapple and Hoist with some constructicons! They’d better have an explanation. Disaster code blue, assemble strike force, now! My power tower will be powerless unless we can get the sun-focusing sphere up there. Oh, why didn’t I see this predicament before? No Autobot’s perfect, Grapple. But don’t fret, we’ll get the sphere up there somehow. I think we can help. Merge into  [ALL]: DEVASTATOR! Hoist, we’re done. Hey! What? And we’re done with you, Autobot fools! Magnificent. Now the gullilble twosome shall perish in their own tower! [laughs]. Report, Scrapper! Four hundred energon cubes fully charged, and more on the way. Autobots, battle formation! Roll! There, look at that! That's so tall the top is in a different timezone than the bottom! No sign of Grapple or Hoist. Their liaison with the Decepticons may have had an unexpected twist. Autobots, attack! MEGATRON! AUTOBOTS! Fall back and regroup! REGROUP I SAY! Pursue them. Constructicons, you know what to do! Careful! It could be a trap. [Devastator laughs] A trap it is, Optimus Prime, and no way out. [Laughs] A shot of glass gas should freeze him up! Hu-ha! I will not be stopped! Especially not by Autobots! Get ready for the ol' Powerglide pow! Ramjet, intercept. Right, Megatron. I will knock that flaming scrapheap right off his afterburners! YOW! Going in to lay a bomb on his chin! Waho! Powerglide, Decepticon on your tail. Better you than me, Ramjet, much better! Wah! Zah! Zorg! We have to turn Devastator’s strength to our advantage. Smokescreen, head toward the tower! But don’t let Devastator see you. Just call me the Autobot, who isn't there! [OPTIMUS]: Now, let ‘em know you are there. Hey, here I am! You scrap metal meatball. [Laughs] We’ll both get a kick out of this! Smokescreen! Burn rubber! FIRE! My magnificent tower! Nothing but JUNK! You Autobots shall pay for this! MEGATRON! COME BACK! You’re worried about Grapple and Hoist, right? Right. Autobots, clear this debris away. Our friends may be underneath. Optimus, does this look familiar? Keep searching. If Hoist and Grapple are here, we must find them. What's this? [IRONHIDE]: Hey, anybody wants some economy sized wall plaques? Get those two out of there, fast! I don’t suppose these fancy doors were in your original plans either, huh Grapple? Oh, Optimus. I’m so ashamed. Me too. Apologies accepted. Now, we’d better get to headquarters for repairs. After which you’ll return here to clean up this rubble. By yourselves. Autobots, transform, and move out! There’ll be other towers to design and build, Grapple. It was magnificent, for a little while. Wasn’t it, Hoist? Incredible. Absolutely incredible. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 