The Transformers: Season 2, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Transformers 
 s2e15 - Megatron's Master Plan: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Transformers (1984–1987): Season 2, Episode 15 - Megatron's Master Plan: Part 1 - full transcript 
 The Decepticons convince the humans that the Autobots are the true enemies, with the help of a greedy candidate for mayor, named Sean Burger. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ More than meets the eye ♫ ♫ Autobots wage their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Decepticons ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ Robots in disguise ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ ♫ More than meets the eye ♫ ♫ The Transformers ♫ Citizens of Central City! As your newly elected mayor, I take great pride in officially opening this solar energy facility, Which, as you all know, was generously donated by my campaign opponent, Mr. Shawn Berger. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Although I defeated him at the polls in what some would call a bitter race, I take my hat off to him! Rest assured, mayor, my contributions have just begun. And now, I declare this facility- -Decepticons! Good, they took the bait. Tank crews, prepare for combat. Let’s teach them the meaning of fear! Ignore the humans! Fill the energon cubes! There’s no energy here. [STARSCREAM]: It’s a trap! Berger’s taking the law into his own hands. AGAIN! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get me the Autobots! H-hit the deck! They’re gonna- Thank goodness, the Autobots! How dare they interfere? Autobots, transform! Hold the last order, Prime! I wanna throw some dark on the subject! I can’t see! Panic will defeat you, Dirge. Blast Starscream before he can take off! Thrust, help me! Taste death, Autobots! Scrambled my guidance system! Decepticons, RETREAT! Well, looks like, uh, we showed them, Spike. You also showed us, and everybody out there, Bumblebee. Hehe, relax, folks. It’s all in a day’s work. I enjoy the adulation, but the noise is most irritating. Optimus Prime, I want to officially honour all the Autobots at city hall. It’s about time. Uh, your mayor-ship! [BERGER] Uhh, if it wasn’t for them, I’d be the hero. Get out! I want to think. Y-yes, Mr. Berger, Sir! [Grumbles] I must find another path to glory. What? GUARDS! No! Greetings, Mr. Berger. I trust your flight wasn’t too unpleasant? Perhaps you recognise me. I am Megatron, leader of the Decepticons. I’m a… big man in these parts. If you hurt me, you’ll suffer for it! Hurt you, Mr. Berger? I want to help you. It pains me to see a man of your obvious brilliance deceived by Autobot propaganda. Autobot propaganda? You see, you are so brainwashed by it, that you don’t even suspect that they are evil and we are good. Ahh, the power of public relations! Do you expect me to believe this? Not yet. It is hard to tear away the veil of ignorance. But, if I show you proof... Would you use your power and influence to help us? Suppose you are telling me the truth. What’s in it for me? All that you survey. The entire city will be yours. Ahh... first you must prove that the Autobots are evil! I shall. Dirge! Take our friend home. My price… is TWO cities! [MEGATRON]: There is no limit to what you could have, if you join us. The pompous, gullible fool. [Laughs] He thinks he will be king, but he will never be more than a pawn! Hover here! Holy—roll the cameras! The workers aren’t here yet, that gives us plenty of time to drain this oil field dry. [LAUGHS] Another raid to blame on the Decepticons. [LAUGHS] The Autobots stealing energy? Megatron was right! Keep filming! We got pests, Optimus. Want me to swat 'em? No, let me. Do something! Like what? Wait… maybe we still have a chance. Decepticons, attack! Ha! Blast them, Megatron! Save the humans! Decepticons! Destroy them, Autobots! With pleasure! You’ve spoiled our plans for the last time, Decepticons! M-my gyros! I will avenge you! Null ray! [Screams] You won’t tarnish our reputation again, Prime! Today, Earth learns the truth! [IRONHIDE]: Let’s give up! [WHEELJACK]: While we still can! No more, Megatron! I yield. Mr. Berger! Do you believe me now? Yes, Megatron. And I have it all on videotape, for the world to see! Don’t come back! Hey, guys, look! Berger dropped one of his video cameras! Let’s make some home movies! No more filming! We must return this tape to Berger, it contains valuable evidence. [LAUGHS] YAAAYY AUTOBOTS! WAY TO GO! Autobots, transform! I never knew humans had such exquisite taste! Citizens of Central City! As your newly elected mayor, I take great pride in officially opening this solar energy-- --Oh [laughs] sorry, wrong speech. Eh, citizens of Central City! It gives me great honour to-- But Mr. Berger, I can’t interrupt the mayor with-with your tape. If you value your job you will remember who owns this network. And now, before we officially honour these noble Autobots... Let me show you their heroic action at the solar plant yesterday. That’s not a solar plant! That’s an oil field! Good people of Earth, this is Megatron speaking. I’m grateful for this opportunity to expose the Autobots for the base metal they really are. What’s he tryin’ ta pull? Watch carefully, and see the truth! I don’t believe it! It’s impossible! Play the second tape. It’s an obvious fake. The people will never believe it. [MEGATRON]: This second tape, secured at great risk, shows why we Decepticons have acted irrationally on occasion. This device will convert even the noblest being to evil. Let’s put it to the test. [RAMJET]: W-what was that? Don’t know, but suddenly I have the urge to steal energy and destroy! This is bogus. Maybe it’s a joke. If it is, it’s not funny. Finally, I offer this last piece of evidence, secretly taped at Autobot headquarters. And when we are fully trusted, and the Decepticons vanquished, we’ll claim the Earth for our own! [EVIL LAUGH] They’re puttin’ words in yer mouth! C’mon, Prime, let’s get to the bottom o’ this! I’m with you, Ironhide. Let’s not do anything rash. We’d only be playing into their hands. Mr. mayor, you don’t really believe those tapes, do ya? Uhh, personally, no, but as mayor I must consider every possibility. I’m sorry, but please do not leave the area. We are returning to headquarters. You may reach us there. [CROWD MUTTERING] AUTOBOTS, GO HOME! [SUNSTREAKER]: Ingrates! Autobots, transform, and roll out! Wait for us, Optimus! We’re coming with you! TRAITORS! Spike, Sparkplug, Chip, thanks for your confidence. LOUSY AUTOBOT LOVERS! [SUNTREAKER]: I knew the humans would turn on us someday. They’re such undependable creatures, inferior life forms! Ah, I’m not so sure, Sunstreaker. Some of my best friends are humans. Thanks, Bumblebee. We’ve got to expose this Decepticon hoax. But how? Teletraan’s warning signal! External security breached! Get a visual, Wheeljack. Autobots, this is Shawn Berger. Surrender at once. Disarm and surrender! [BUMBLEBEE]: Great Cybertron! I never thought it would come to this. If ya can’t join ‘em, beat 'em! Let’s trash tanks! Negative. We must not stoop to their level. Megatron isn’t going to defeat us this easily. We will only surrender to a legitimate law enforcement officer, Berger! Optimus Prime, this is the mayor speaking! You’re all under arrest! I repeat: all Autobots are under arrest! Autobots, you are under arrest! Surrender peacefully! [IRONHIDE]: This is a frame-up! Just say the word, Prime, and we'll-- The word, Ironhide, is surrender. Autobots, offer no resistance. Transform and start your engines. Hop in, guys! We need all the moral support we can get. I’d like to believe you’re innocent, Autobots, but the truth must be revealed through due process of the law. [BERGER laughs] Good, tell them anything, just get them to surrender. Autobots, follow my army! [OPTIMUS PRIME]: Follow his commands, Autobots. [SUNSTREAKER]: This is humiliatin'! [IRONHIDE]: I sure hope Prime knows what he’s doin'. I hope you’re wrong, Berger. I hope you’re wrong. And you, sir, what is your opinion? Are the Autobots innocent, or guilty? Uh, well, I used to think those metal guys were OK, y'know? But after I seen those tapes... Thank you, sir. Now, for another opinion? For too long, these robots have wielded too much power on this planet. Now, let us rid ourselves of these meddlesome beasts! I trust you will forgive this interruption, your honour. Please proceed with the trial. [CLEARS THROAT] Of course, Megatron. And now, Mr. Berger, you were saying? Yes, your honour, I was present when the Autobots raided the oil fields. I watched them make energon cubes with my own eyes. You know, something really bugs me about Berger’s testimony. What’s that, son? I’m not sure but… try to stall 'em till I get back. Spike! Where are you going? What? What’s this? Ravage! Stop him! I knew there was something fishy! The Autobots never transformed! But it’s still not proof... Hah! This mask would fool Prime’s own creator! Starscream! This proves the Autobots are innocent. I’ve gotta get back to the trial! After carefully weighing the evidence, I have reached a verdict. [CHIP]: Wait, your honour! My friend is bringing more evidence! The wheels of justice do not stop turning for children! I am sorry to say that we have already concluded the trial. It is the decision of this court that the defendants be found... guilty as charged! [ANGRY MUTTERING] You are sentenced to banishment from Earth… forever! Your honour… we will respect and comply with the decision of this court. Most generous of you to provide the spacecraft, Mr. Berger. A paltry sum to rid ourselves of these menacing robots. Can’t you do something, Optimus Prime? Negative. Any action we take now would be viewed as admission of our guilt. Board the rocket NOW! [CHIP]: But where will you go? [OPTIMUS PRIME]: Somewhere, Chip. Maybe even Cybertron. Wherever we go, we’ll miss you. You, and Spike, and Sparkplug... have been true friends. Where is Spike? He’s still searching for evidence. I guess it’s too late for that now. I wonder what would happen if the election were held today. Your quest for power will destroy you, Berger. [LAUGHS] Funny, it doesn’t look that way from where I stand. What are we doing here? And when do I get my reward? You promised me 3 cities! Be patient. First comes my reward. I don’t understand. [MEGATRON LAUGHS] Now nothing can save the Autobots! I’ve destroyed their computer’s communications capability And retargeted them to the sun! [LAUGHS] They will become one with oblivion! [LAUGHS] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 