Great British Railway Journeys: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Great British Railway Journeys 
 s1e10 - Edinburgh to Kirkcaldy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Great British Railway Journeys (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Edinburgh to Kirkcaldy - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 1840, one man transformed travel in Britain. His name was George Bradshaw, and his railway guides inspired the Victorians to take to the tracks. Stop by stop, he told them where to travel, what to see and where to stay. Now, 170 years later, I'm making four long journeys across the length and breadth of the country, to see what remains of Bradshaw's Britain. Using Bradshaw's, my 19th-century guide book, and armed with an umbrella, today I'm on the last leg of my journey from Preston to Kirkcaldy. Today will take me to the east of Scotland, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a voyage not so much of discovery as rediscovery, as I used to go there as a child. So this will be a journey of nostalgia, for places as they were, for people as they were, for people who no longer are. Today, I'll be braving the weather in Carluke to see an industry being brought back to life. - Is it apple juice you make, or cider? - Which would you like? We can do both. You might have to come back in a year for the cider, though. I'll be searching for a famous Scottish basement. I'm looking fora cellar where the Act of Union may have been signed, according to my guide book. It's actually our Ladies toilet. And I'll be realising a lifelong ambition. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It gives you an idea of the scale... the complexity... the height... And actually, the beauty. It's a beautiful thing. I'm almost at the end of my journey north from Preston. All this week, I've been travelling up the west of Britain, stopping at some of the most beautiful spots in the country. Having crossed the border into Scotland, I'm now heading for my mother's home town of Kirkcaldy. Today, I'm leaving Glasgow and heading for Carluke. Then I 7! hit the Scottish capital, before crossing the Firth of Forth to my final destination. My first stop will be in the Clyde Valley, because I'm intrigued by something in Bradshaw's. "The line now passes through a district of country rich in mineral wealth, beautiful scenery, celebrated far and near as the orchard of Scotland and famous for its fine fruit.“ In Bradshaw's time, the Clyde Valley was lush with orchards. Each season, trains rushed the freshly picked fruit to markets a“ over the country. But today, many of the orchards are neglected and overgrown. Here at Carluke, one small group of people is trying to revive this centuries-old industry. - Morning, Tom. - Morning, Michael. - Lovely weather for it. - Beautiful. - How are you? - Another fine day. Tom Clelland's family have managed the trees here for more than four generations. May I ask you what your own earliest memory is of the fruit-picking? It must still have been going strong when you were a lad. Yeah, this road that I live in, everybody made their living out of growing fruit. In the summer, they grew gooseberries, strawberries, blackcurrants. In the autumn, it was mainly plums, but also apples and pears. I remember being put in the back of a can and the tractor driving the strawberries up to a railway station that's now closed. We loaded the strawberries onto the railway carriage and they were bound for Manchester. So the railways were fundamental to this business? Oh, yes. The cooler weather here meant that fruit was still ripening after the season had finished further south. Picking was organised around the clock, so that the fruit could be put on the early freight trains to Birmingham, Manchester and London. I didn't know much about the orchard of Scotland. Does it still justify the name? No, not in the same way that it did. It kind of reached its heyday round about the start of the 20th century, when there would be about 1,000 acres of orchards around here, and about another 700 acres of soft fruit on the other side of the valley and down that way. What are you down to now? Less than 100 acres of top fruit. I've got about 150 plum trees, some apple and some pear. I need to plant up my orchard again, I need to look after it. I'm doing that because it's part of my heritage, it's what I grew up with. Tom is now caring for the fruit trees, along with other local growers like Duncan Arthur. Morning. So, I caught you pressing some apples. We're at the start of it, anyway. - Is it apple juice you make, or cider? - Which would you like? We can do both. You might have to come back in a year for the cider, though. Well, I'll have some apple juice today. You're a neighbour of Tom and you're a grower here as well? Yes, I am indeed. Twice a week, Tom, Duncan and the other growers harvest the fruit and produce apple juice that they sell locally. That's not too bad. Yes, it's a very efficient mechanism, isn't it? It is, it works nicely. I'm not sure I'd want to do it all day. No, but er...one pressing will give us about 15 or 20 litres of apple juice. I'll just let that run through now, I think. Now, can I taste it? Absolutely. Why not? At this point, it's a wee bit cloudy. But it's as Mother Nature intended. It's exquisite. It's quite different from... apple juice in the supermarket. It's really... I don't know, tangy and fresh and... - Well done, Duncan, you're onto something. - Thank you very much. It's uplifting to see the orchards being tended once more. They perpetuate traditional varieties of apples and pears, that Bradshaw might have eaten. From Scotland's orchard now to Scotland's capital. I'm now bound for Edinburgh, 35 miles away. Just one thing... Is that your umbrella? No, no. Is there a lost property office at Edinburgh, do you know? At Waverley, certainly there is. Is there? I'll pop it in there. Thank you. Britain is very long from north to south, but tends to be very narrow from east to west. So even on the slowest train, I have quite quickly crossed virtually from Glasgow all the way to Edinburgh. We're just arriving at Edinburgh Haymarket. Between Haymarket and Waverley is one of my favourite stretches of railway line. The railway runs through a ravine with the castle looming up above us. There I have a wonderful sheer vertical view up towards Edinburgh Castle. And we pass along the edge at the bottom of this fantastic rock, which dominates the city. Arriving at Edinburgh Waverley station, my first task is to find the lost property office. - Hi, Lost Luggage? - Yes, it is. Hi. I found this on the train. I was on the 2:15 from Glasgow Central. OK, that's lovely. We'll just note down... I imagine you get vast amounts of lost luggage, don't you? We do, in Edinburgh, we get... We do get a very sizeable amount of lost property. It comes in, and at this time of year, more so. Where do you keep it? There doesn't seem much room in here? We keep most of our items just through there. - I'll just show you, if you'd like to have a look. - I'd love to. Have you any idea how many items you get a month? It's on average about 600. - 600? - Over the year. Lovely bits of old station showing through here. This is August's... mostly August's lost property for Edinburgh Waverley station. Quite a lot of umbrellas. Pictures? Yes, the pictures are interesting, it would be nice if somebody did claim those army photographs. This is an interesting spot, isn't it? Yes, it's always nice to see behind the scenes of anywhere. The bit the public doesn't see. Downstairs, there's even more. So, now, this represents another two months' worth? What are the most bizarre things you've had? The most bizarre thing, probably, is an octopus. It was for food, it was dead. But it was in a suitcase in amongst other things. An octopus in a suitcase? Another member of staff had live eels in a bag - a bag of live eels. - So these are the most... - That is bizarre. Whatever people have, there's a potential for them to forget it. Anyway, it's a very valuable service you provide. - Thanks very much for showing me. - You're welcome. It was a pleasure. Waverley station ties in the heart of Scotland's capital. Bradshaw describes Edinburgh as a modem Athens, and commends its fine views of the River Forth. But he also points me to something that requires a little detective work. My Bradshaw's guide mentions Tron Church in the high street. It's said it's marked by a new spire of 140 feet. And indeed, this tells me that the spire was rebuilt in 1828 after a fire. But then my Bradshaw's says, "Opposite the church is a cellar, where the Treaty of Union is said to have been signed.“ But that would appear to be now an Italian restaurant. The treaty of 1707 joined England and Scotland together under one parliament, for the first time. It's a key event in the history of both countries, so I'm keen to see where it happened. - Hi. - Hello, there. I'm looking fora cellar where the Act of Union may have been signed, according to my guide book. Right... That's actually our Ladies toilets. But if you'd like to come down, I can show you, if you want. I can go to your Ladies toilet? Thank you very much. Down and down we go. Right to the bottom. - Wow! - This is it. - So you haven't put up a plaque or anything? - No, we don't have a plaque. - Do you get many people asking you about it? - Yeah, quite a few. - We just show them down here. - You just bring them to the Ladies loos. Do you know much about it? A little bit, yeah. We're not 100 per cent sure that it happened here, but... - Oh, really? - That's the story, anyway. You mean my guide book might be wrong? It could be. So has my Bradshaw let me down? One thing's for certain. At the time of the Treaty, many Scottish people were strongly opposed to the Union. And riots broke out. - Hello, John. - Pleased to meet you, Michael. - How are you? - Good. I'm hoping historian Dr John Young can tell me what happened in those feverish days. The leading Scottish politicians who wanted a full union with England were jostled and attacked on these streets on a regular basis. And there's a good possibility that Unionist politicians actually escaped to the cellar of this Italian restaurant, which was a house. Word began to spread that the Treaty had been signed in secret by those politicians hiding in the cellar. The Ladies toilet in the Italian restaurant down here was known as Union cellar. This was something that was in circulation. There's rumour, certainly by Bradshaw's tour in the 18503, and it was repeated in publications in the 18903 but unfortunately, it is not true. So do we know where the Act of Union was signed? Just up the road here, in the old Scottish Parliament, was where the Scottish Parliament debated the Treaty of Union and ratified the Treaty of Union. MICHAEL: Which is kind of what you'd expect. You might expect it to have happened in Parliament rather than a cellar, even if that cellar in those days wasn't a Ladies lavatory in an Italian restaurant. And I can tell you, as a former British parliamentarian, that it wasn't our habit to sign things in Ladies lavatories. By the time Bradshaw was writing, England and Scotland had been riveted together. Queen Victoria adopted Balmoral as the Royal Family's holiday home and began wearing tartan. In Edinburgh too, names began to take on a hint of Unionism. Tonight, I'll be staying at one of my favourite Edinburgh hotels, the Balmoral, which until recently was known as the North British. Built as the railway hotel, it sits firmly on top of Waverley station. Mr Portillo, good evening. Welcome to the Balmoral. Lovely to be back. It's really one of the great railway hotels. It is. It used to be the old North British, dating back to 1902, with a few of our other hotels in Scotland. We used to welcome the great and the good from London and far afield, all over the world, to the Balmoral. - Am I ready to check in? - Absolutely. Please come. I'm sure you'll agree that I would be falling you it I didn't lake full advantage of this luxury. So I intend to shake off the day's travelling in style. Good morning. So, this is my suite. No Scottish room would be complete without antlers. But my favourite in this room is this little turret. Down to this side of the turret is Waverley station. Which is where I'm headed with my Bradshaw's now. And this next part of my journey is something I've been really looking forward to. Morning. What happened to the weather? Isn't it great? - Great change. - It's absolutely superb. I'm going up top on the Forth Bridge today, on the railway bridge. Very nice. Which part of Scotland are you from? That's erm...nearby Munich. Nearby Munich? I know that bit. Thank you. Bye. From this station, I will relive the thrills that my brothers and I felt as children when my mother took us across the mighty Firth of Forth to her home town. We used to come and see my grandparents in Kirkcaldy when I was three, four, five years old. We would travel on the night train without sleepers - sitting up in second class. All night long, we wouldn't sleep for the excitement that in the morning, we were going to be crossing the Forth Rail Bridge. No words can describe this iconic structure. It is the king of bridges. In fact, even now, on the whole rail network in Britain, every bridge and every structure is numbered. Except for this one - except for the Forth Rail Bridge, which is called simply "the bridge". My grandfather, as a youngster, would row out in a boat, to watch the building of this masterpiece, Britain's first major structure in steel. The bridge took seven years to construct, and was completed in 1890. It feels as exciting today, I think, as when I was a child. It's still the most incredible thing. Of course, now I've been able to see it from underneath, from a distance... I've seen many photographs. I know something about the history, I know how many people died building it. All of these things simply make me more impressed by this amazing structure. You cross the bridge by train in a couple of minutes, and that's maybe not the best way to appreciate the scale of this structure. But down here, you see its iconic three diamonds. This bridge is completely unique. Show a photo of this bridge to anyone on the planet, and they would know that this was the one and only Forth Rail Bridge. George Bradshaw didn't live to see it built. Talking about North Queensferry, where I am now, he says, “In the neighbourhood of Queensferry, by the sudden approximation of opposite promontories, the Forth river is forced into a narrow strait.“ And then he talks about the “winding bays and lofty shores, bordering a fine sheet of water, a noble river, a broad sea." It must have been difficult for George Bradshaw to imagine that this broad sea would soon be traversed by a mighty structure. Over 100 trains thunder across the bridge every day. And although modern trains create less stress on the bridge than Victorian steam locomotives, it still requires constant maintenance. - Morning, Ian. - Good morning. You have a privileged job. You're responsible for "the bridge". It's an absolute pleasure to be here too. It's a wonderful bridge. Project manager Ian Heigh is in charge of repairing and repainting the bridge. And he's taking me aloft. - OK, lead on, please. - On we come. When we get out of this lift, where will we be? We will be 367 feet above water level. We'll be on top of one of the diamond shapes, will we? Exactly. We call it a tower - in the centre of each diamond, there's a tower. We're at the very top of one of those. That's very, very thrilling. That's fantastic. That is absolutely magnificent. It gives you an idea of the scale... the complexity... the height... and actually, the beauty. It's a beautiful thing, isn't it? It is, it's a surprisingly lovely thing. 55,000 tons of steel were used to build the bridge. It was bolted together in sections, using over 8 million rivets. And it's massively stronger than it needs to be. A basic question. Why has this bridge always been rusty red coloured? It probably goes back to the fact that we use red lead paints. Principally, red was the colour of red lead paint back in the days. We have maintained that colour throughout the history of the bridge. And now you're doing some pretty major work. What is it you're doing? We are. For the first time, we're actually blasting all the old paint off. It's never been blasted before. We're turning it to a bare metal, shiny white metal finish. Onto which we'll apply the new coating system. And that new coating system has got a much longer lifespan than any of the old simple paints. It's going to last 25, 30... we think even up to 40 years, this paint system. Really? That means that the old adage about you never stop painting the Forth Rail Bridge, that's going to become a thing of the past? In essence, it probably is. Working on this bridge, has it given you a great admiration for the Victorians who built it? Totally, absolutely. The Victorians were a special breed, no question at all. Their engineers had vision unlike any others, and certainly the workforce knew no fear. They went to work very, very well. And sadly, quite a lot of them lost their lives. They did, some 75 people died during the construction of the bridge. Thankfully, today, we've none of that. We've got a very good safety record indeed on site. It's been so exciting to realise a lifelong ambition and look down from the summit of the bridge. It ranks as one of the greatest engineering feats of our history. Now I'm close to my final destination on this journey, a place fun of childhood memories. When I was a kid, going to Kirkcaldy was not just exciting because of the rail journey, and the fact that we were going to another country. My parents were not particularly well-off, but my grandparents were quite rich. They had a big house. And my granddad would even send the maroon-coloured 1953 Daimler to meet us at the station with the chauffeur, in his double-buttoned tunic and his peaked cap and his great big chauffeur's gloves. An image from a lost age. More like a dream than a memory. Bradshaw's guide says of Kirkcaldy very simply, "a borough engaged in the linen trade." And my grandfather had a linen factory. I was very fond of him. One thing I remember was, he was very proud of Fife, which had been a kingdom. He hated it when people called it Fifeshire, as though it were a mere county. Although it's 47 years since he died, very often when I'm in Scotland, I find time still to go back to Kirkcaldy, and to remember him. My grandfather, John Blyth, ran a successful family business in Kirkcaldy, manufacturing linen. The town had become famous for its linen and sailcloth in the early 19th century. By the 18703, entrepreneurs used linen as a backing for an entirely new product caned linoleum. Soon Kirkcaldy became the world's largest lino producer, with factories all along the railway tracks. Although John Blyth stuck to linen, he did we“. He bought a large house in Kirkcaldy. One of the pleasures for my brothers and me was the railway at the end of the street. That's what we used to do as kids. We would come and stand by the wall, there wasn't a fence on it. We'd watch the trains go by. But in those days, they were steam locomotives. Ever since, I've never got trains out of my system. The house itself was an imposing building, with a grandeur that astonished my brothers and me. In this porch, my grandfather kept all his walking sticks. This was the hallway. Under this tartan carpet, there's polished wood. And this magnificent staircase... ...was my way every evening up to bed. And on these walls, hung enormous paintings. Seascapes, and pictures of children being blown around on sea shores. I remember that lovely window as well. And on and on. And so to bed. Today, my grandfather's pictures, bought with the profits from the factory, are displayed in the town's impressive art gallery. John Blyth's Victorian upbringing gave him and other businessmen an intense sense of civic pride. My grandfather was a big collector of paintings and became the first curator of the art gallery. At the opening ceremony in 1926, my mother, as a little girl, presented the posy of flowers to the guests of honour. In the next two rooms, are paintings that used to belong to my grandfather. These are by William McTaggart. He was born around the time that George Bradshaw died. Some could be very, very sentimental. I remember paintings like this, scary ones of children being battered by storms, and they really rather frightened me. I remember my grandfather's house being full of still lifes. This one I remember well. This is obviously inspired by a French Impressionist, by Paul Cézanne. And even as a kid, I loved these brightly coloured, easy to understand pictures. I love to see my grandfather's paintings on display for all to enjoy just as he intended. This has been a journey of legacies. In the Clyde Valley, the fruit growers are planting their orchards again, on the Forth Rail Bridge, the engineers are building anew. And here in Kirkcaldy, my grandfather's industry is perpetuated through linoleum and his beloved collection of paintings still bears his name. Time has eroded, but it has not destroyed. On my next journey, I'll be travelling from Swindon down to Penzance. Along the way, I'll be sampling the spa at Bath. At least it's great for wallowing in. I could think of various... You could deliver a nasty blow to someone with one of those. I'll be travelling like the Victorians. Not only did the trains make it possible for them to do things they'd never done before, they also brought them into the heart of countryside and landscape, the like of which, city-dwellers in particular, had never seen. And I'll be tasting some of Cornwall's freshest produce. - Cheers. - Cheers. - I could have another of those. - Have as many as you like. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 