One Night Stand: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 One Night Stand 
 s1e8 - Patrice O'Neal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 One Night Stand (2005–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Patrice O'Neal - full transcript 
 Actor/Comedian Patrice Oneal performs stand-up in this comedy special 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male announcer) With comedian, Patrice Oneal. Copyright: 2005 Home Box Office, Inc. Ladies and gentleman, Patrice Oneal. [audience cheering] All right, thank you, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, thank you very much. Thank you. So how people are getting sick of the Hindu obstacle course at the airport? It's just, it's-- I mean-- I'm a racist, but it's getting... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And I don't mind foreigners, but don't be from your-- like, from your country. Like, it's okay to be originally from there, like your parents or grandpar-- But you can't be from India. [Indian accent] "And eboo da-boo, eboo da-doo. I.D." And you're going, "What the f--" I know I'm American; I gotta be more American than you 'cause I don't go, [Indian accent] "Eboo da-boo. "Eeble, dabble, eeble, dibble-- I.D., boarding pass--" Man, I know my voice proves I'm American. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like, I need another--I need an American voice to ask me for my shit. But you can't get rid of the "dooble dae" dudes because they're amazing. Like, who else would work at a 24-hour Brooklyn gas station, with no bullet-proof vests and no gun? And curse niggas out if they don't have less than a 50? [Indian accent] "A doo, ebeeble, dabble--" [babbles] "You need something smaller please, a dibble dabble-- Dooble...dooble, day." You can't get rid of them because they do jobs nobody else is going to do. That's why you can't-- well, listen: Why is there this thing where we're trying to get Mexicans out of this country? Who else is going to work, without Mexicans? Who else is gonna work? Who else would drive a bicycle on the highway? Who else would ride a-- [laughter] Who else would ride a-- wait a minute. Who else would ride a bicycle on the highway, against traffic, to deliver you a Panini sandwich for lunch? On time. Who else--? [laughter] Who else is gonna, uh, kick in your hotel door to make your bed, besides some little Mexican woman, who had who has an ethic: she has to make your bed. "I have to--I have-- I have to make--hello--" And she knocks; then she fucking punches the door, and she scares the shit out you. She kicks the fucking door, and the chain is on. [Mexican accent] "Hello? Hello?" And you're like, "Miss, the chain is on-- "I'm alive; the chain is on the door. You don't have to--" [Mexican accent] "Please, I must make your bed! #s "I must...make your bed. "I must make your bed, please! Please..." She pulls out her fuckin' "ay, Dios mío" shit. "Please, please!" And she's trying to squeeze through the space, through the chain space. Like, "Hello? "Hello? I must make your--hello!" I wish I never travelled, for real, for real, 'cause I would like to just never have to travel outside this country. And then I could hate America and be happy. You know what I'm sayin'? But I travel, and now it's like, I like America. But I still hate--it's weird. I hate it, but there's nowhere better, 'cause all I gotta really deal with is racist crackers. And that's like... It's funny. Because, like--black people really don't look at white people, with--like, you're the oppressor, anymore. It's just something we do. It's just like we like not liking white people. And white people like not liking us. It's just, that's just what we do. 'Cause I'm not going nowhere, and I'd kill a motherfucker if he told me to go, like, back to Africa. And I'm talking to black people: stop that fuckin' horseshit, that "Go back to Africa" shit. First of all, Africans don't like black people. That's first off. They don't like us. And what the fuck am I gonna do in Africa? Besides fight in some war, wearing, uh, sweatpants and tuxedo shoes with a fuckin'-- [laughter] with a fuckin' machete in my hand and a pair of fucking tuxedo shoes and a knife and fight in some goofy-ass fucking war? Fuck it. That's what's wrong with the rest of this world; they're on us too much. If you travel, you know. If you travel, you know how much they're on this country. And I'm not a "nigger" no place else, but here. Everyplace else I'm American. I had to figure out how to be an American. I had to learn that shit. See a nigger arguing like, "Hey, let me tell you something about the Star-Spangled Banner, buddy." And you'd be like, "Ugh." Like, I don't defend America, but you go to another country, you just--I just do it. And I try to tell people-- people think we're weak, but we're not a weak country. Look at 9/11. Let me tell you something about this country. 9/11, man--look, I live in Jersey City, and I seen the World Trade Center shit happen. And it used to be, after buildings fell, people go down to them holes and be crying and shit. Now you go down there, and the holes are the tourist attraction. You know what I'm saying? People are taking the shout-out pictures. You know what I'm saying? In front of the holes. 'Cause that's how we are; we have to accept how we are. We're just that kind of country. 9/11 is--I got--I-- ten more years before it's a holiday. Hamburger, hot dog, holiday. If you think it's not, just think about our country. We don't celebrate, like, Peach Cobbler Day or, you know, Honeydew Melon Day. We celebrate horrible shit. "Mommy, how come we're looking for painted eggs in the bushes?" "Well sweetie, 'cause the Jews and the Romans "fucked Jesus up. "They whooped his ass. "Beat the shit out of him. "Now let's have fun. "Let's have a wonderful time finding these eggs "on the back of Jesus, sweetie, "and please pray for the Indians that died, "getting musketed in the face, "so we could enjoy this turkey and cranberry sauce, "and watch the football game. "Give the fuckin' Injuns-- "give those red motherfuckers some love. "Those drunks, give 'em some love for getting shot up." [laughs] Indians get two gruesome holidays; they get Columbus Day too, God bless 'em. I mean, we got a couple of good holidays. We got Mother's Day and Valentine's Day, but you don't get the day off for that shit. I don't give a fuck how much you love your mama. You better bring your motherfucking ass to work, 'cause-- did your mother get beat up, motherfucker; did she die? Did she get crucified? Well, then fuck that bitch. You better come in and-- you better come in and work. You can call the bitch from a phone, a pay phone, and say "I love you," but you better get your-- I got mad at the tsunami shit. I got angry at that shit. Now, we can talk about it now, because the news don't talk about it no more, so that means we don't really care. Like, when I was watching that shit, I kept going, "God damn, that don't look like that movie The Day After Tomorrow--" or, that shit don't look horrifying. I would of died, definitely, 'cause I would have just stood there and be like, "Whoa, look at this, whoo-- It's a high one coming." That shit didn't look horrific. But evidently it was. But if you live in New York City, you can't really get that fucked up over natural disasters, especially if you're black. Black people just-- niggers do not die in natural disasters. It doesn't happen. That's something between Asians and white people. Asians die in natural disasters. They die in earthquakes and floods and shit. And white people die with all wind-related shit. Like, God's just-- God's trying to blow white people away. But the tsunami shit fucked me up, because again, this foreign shit. Motherfuckers start attacking Bush, but when you attack Bush, you're attacking the country. And I'm not really on some Bush shit, but you can't attack this motherfuck-- They said he didn't apologize quick enough for the tsunami. Like, he didn't get up out of bed and make a speech for the tsunami shit. First of all, it was the day after Christmas. Second of all, only about 2,000 people died, at that time. So that's like, eh, eh, you know. There's a billion of them motherfuckers over there. Eh, 2,000? It didn't start getting fucked up until, like, six figures. Like, God damn, 100,000? Shit! But they started cursing this motherfucker out because he didn't get up and make that speech. First of all, let's be honest; I don't think the motherfucker know where Indonesia is on the map. Neither does he give a fuck. Like, if you asked him "Where's Indonesia?" he'd be like "Ask the, secretary--of, uh, "giving a fuck. "Ask this black bitch... "Ask this black bitch that's always next to me." [laughter] Oh, shit. "I don't know where the fuck Indonesia is!" You think he give a fuck where Indonesia is? Plus, you know when he got the memo, the first thing he did was look at it and go, "Oh, boy, first of all, what the fuck is a Tis-on-o-mee?" [applause] And everybody's scared as shit. Everybody's scared to tell him, "It's tsunami, Mr. President." 'Cause he'll smack the shit out of them. "What the fuck, is that a T? Is that a T? "Is that a S? "It's Tis-on-o-mee! "I'ma smack this shit-- "Next motherfucker who comes in here and tells me how "to pronounce the motherfuckin' word, I will smack you through this motherfuckin' wall." I mean, when you watch the news, when you're home alone, man, with certain things, you feel differently than when you're in public. If people ask you, like, Scott-- Like Scott Peterson, and let me qualify what I'm getting ready to say right now. It's that I believe people are guilty or innocent based on the fact of whether I think they are or not. I don't have any other proof. I just go, "I don't think the motherfucker..." I never though Mike Tyson, eh-- And the reason I'm saying this is 'cause the motherfucker-- now he's fighting, like, farmers. They got Mike fighting... anybody just to say, "Mike, we wanna see you knock a motherfucker out again." He was so special as a knockout artist, we hated to see him-- When he got on the rape beef, I never believed, especially based on the last interview he had with Greta Van Suskin. And he goes--she goes, "What do you have to say to your victims, Mike?" [high-pitched voice] He goes, "Well, I wish I had really raped the bitch... "and her mama. I wish I had really raped the bitch and her mama!" And I'm like, "Whoa, that is an innocent man." I'm telling you, only an innocent man could be that angry and say some shit that fucked up. Like, "I wish I had raped her "so I'd have been in jail for something instead of raping the bitch, and I really didn't." So that's Mike's way of, like, figuring it all out and her testimony years ago, which cut me off. Even without the interview-- the interview solidified it. Her testimony: "He forced oral sex on me." And I said, "Damn, he made you suck his dick? That's terrible." He ate her pussy. That's when it was, like, case, case dismissed. 'Cause, what rapist tries to make you feel wonderful? I've been eating pussy a long time... and I never eat it rapey. How the fuck do you do-- "Shut up, bitch; shut up! "Shut up while I eat your pussy. "Shut up while I peel away the outer lips "and slide the hood back to expose your clitoris, "for maximum stimulation. Shut the fuck up!" You can't even make a mean face while you eat pussy. You'd be like, "Shut up!" "You better not be enjoying this shit!" Has any woman here been getting her pussy eaten and been going, [feminizes voice] "Help--police! Help! He's eating my pussy. Somebody do something!" "Shut up, nobody hear your cries." Oh, I knew that dude Mark Hackey did it. Mark Hackey's the other Scott Peterson. But he didn't get away with it. He admitted he did it right away. He just couldn't take the pressure. But I knew he did it immediately. 'Cause he was on TV crying, being dishonest. He was on TV: [sobbing] "Oh, sob, please, please. Help me find my missing wife, please." And I was like, "That motherfucker killed his wife." Why? 'Cause no man cries... over his missing wife. That's not enough. We don't like you like that. I'ma party for a week before I'll be like, "Hold up, hold up, turn the music down. "This bitch is missing. Hold up, yo, you see this bitch? "Where she at? "The dishes have piled the fuck up. Where she at?" His reaction wasn't honest. We do not like you like that. Here's what would happen if you came up missing. First, a day go by. He's like, "She's cheating on me." The second day, we don't even think about you. We start thinking about ourselves, like, "Oh, they gonna think I killed this motherfucker." So the whole second day, you're like, "God damn, I should call the cops. "But they're going to think I killed her, but I didn't kill her." So the third day, you call like, "Ohhhhh... "Officer, my wife is-- am I calling too early? "She's been missing for three days. "Is that too early to call you? "How did I notice she was gone? "Well, I haven't been miserable for the last couple of days. Yeah, the bitch is missing." You feel that shit? I'm asking-- I'm talking to the fellas. Did you feel that just now? Did you feel the vaginas, like-- did you feel that shit? It's funny. Like, I love that shit when the pussies just like-- did you feel how the mood just stopped? When the pussies just-- they give you the pussy-beam. You feel it when they just look at you like, "I'm supposed to stop what the fuck I want to say and shit?" And they just-- [laser noise] They just-- [laser noise] [laser noise] And it happened all at the same time. You feel them? Like, pussy powers, activate! Form of... Form of a giant pussy, shape of a billy-club. [laser noise] Look, don't be upset about it. Do your job. That's your job is just to make men's fun miserable. Your job is, when motherfuckers is right at that cusp of having a great time, y'all just fuck it up. Look at all the guys looking straight ahead, looking just straight ahead, not even giving the bitch peripherals. She's looking at him like this. 'Cause the know the pussy-beam. [laser noise] But that's what you all do. Soon as y'all get to something y'all don't like, it's just shut it down. But really, fundamentally, just on on a primal level, we don't like you. We don't like you. We don't ever want to really see you. Like, you never heard four guys hanging out a party, right, and one of them goes, "You know what would make this party even better? "If my girl was here. She's funny as a motherfucker." [laser noise] And the only reason that we don't go, "Get the fuck outta here," is 'cause women are the worse terrorists there are, worse than Al Qaeda, 'cause this is what y'all do: you hold the pussy hostage and threaten to kill it if we don't listen to your horrendous nonsense. And you make it read a letter. The pussy be reading a letter, [sobs] "Please... "Please, listen to her story, or she's going to kill me, and you'll never see me again!" Look at them, look, look, look. This posture just ain't good when girls are doing... Girls be like, [feminizes voice] "He hates women! He hates women!" Somebody gotta tell you. Let me ask you a question. Here's a question. Here's a serious question. Okay, ladies, if you didn't have a vagina-- like, say it was a terrible train accident, right, and the doctor was like, "We have to remove your pussy right away... or you're going to die." How would you keep your man past-- you get a two-month, guilty, "I can't leave the bitch right away 'cause she just lost her pussy in a train accident." Can't just walk right out on them. How would you keep your man past that if you didn't have a vagina? Well, how? Nothing? You can talk; you can talk. [woman responds] Suck his dick? Okay, mouth. [various responses] (woman) Anal sex. Asshole, okay, great. Do you see what I'm saying? Now, I've been getting pussy-beamed the whole show, right, but I give women the opportunity to say, "I'm going to make myself worth more." But you just classified yourself as a series of hos, but-- but, you know, I'm-- I'm supposed to treat you special, but you just a bunch of hos tp yourself. No one said, "Learn how to play Xbox; learn how to play pool; "tell better stories; get another bitch that's got a pussy to come on in." Well, look, whatever. Plus, when you get a certain age, pussy is not what it was when you was younger. I like pussy differently. I don't know what the difference is, but it's like, I don't get excited about the idea of getting pussy. Like, I only fuck so I have a memory to jerk off to later. I can't enjoy it until later on when I'm jerking off to it. I'm like, "Oh, this is going to be good "as a motherfucker later, "when I'm beating off to it, "when I can just really enjoy this shit, instead of looking." I've been jerking off in the shower so long, I'm surprised a baby hasn't crawled out the drain yet. [woman laughs] [laughs] I'm just saying, you know what it is. Like, it's sad; it really is, like, that you feel so comfortable making us miserable. I don't understand what it is. Like, what is that? What is it? When you just go, "Hey, I'm comfy; I'm just comfy." It's reverse rape. It's not the same rape men inflict upon women. And if you could, ladies, you would. You would rape us. You would come out of a bush with a gun: "Gimme some dick, motherfucker." Well, we'd be laughing. First of all, what you got a gun for? "Shut up, motherfucker; pull your dick out." You'd be like, "Uh." You got to pretend to be scared. "Oh, God, oh, please, oh, make me fuck you." It just-- So what you do is emotional. It's a different kind of rape. Because you don't deal with rejection. Women are not built to be rejected on a daily basis, so if you was to let a guy know how you feel about him every day and he's like, "Look, I don't like you like that," that would just destroy you. So what you do is, you force us to have emotions first that you already have. But you make us say it first, so you don't get rejected from your emotions. Here's woman rape. Ready? [feminizes voice] "You miss me?" And if you say, "No, I don't miss you," then she kills the pussy; the pussy's dead. But if you say yes and you don't mean it, that's where the rape is. I've said, "Honey, hey, I love you" and didn't mean it, and I wanted to take a shower after. I want to lay in the tub in the fetal position and cry, 'cause I lied to a bitch about how I felt. Now she thinks I like it like that. And we do that because women can't handle, like, surface happiness. You just won't be happy on the surface. You gotta ask a question all the time. You ever eat a girl's pussy for the first time and she goes, [feminizes voice] "Can I ask you a question? Have you done that to a lot of other women?" Yes! Yes, of course. Did I look like I had any difficulty finding where the fuck to go? "Ooh, that's my spot. How'd you know?" 'Cause it's everybody's spot, bitch. You're not special. Behind the neck! What you got, different nerve endings? You want to know how to keep your man happy? I'm telling you. 'Cause it's desire you want. You don't want the guy to just fucking, like, be into you 'cause you want him to be. You want him to love you and shit. Here's how you do it. First of all, first thing you do, don't ever talk to him. Don't talk to him ever. Just shut the fuck up with your nonsense; don't talk. Just don't talk. He'll love you if you'd leave him the fuck alone. Secondly, in the bedroom, you gotta be a $15 hooker. Disgusting, you gotta embarrass your parents. You gotta do horrendous, horrendous shit in the bedroom; you have to. If you don't, he's gonna leave you. 'Cause we need filth; we're visual; we're visual. So like you have to be a whore. You ever fuck a women with dignity all the time? Like, she always has self-respect? And you're trying to push her head down in the pillow and lift her ass up. And she gets into some civil rights shit when she won't go down. Like-- And she's looking at you like, "You ain't gonna subjugate me and put me--enslave me." Now, I don't even argue no more. I just--I don't even get-- As soon as I feel that shit, I just take both her arms and pull them back, and her head's just-- Now I try--I try to give you the opportunity for us to be a partnership. Like, when you're a whore, be a whore for you. Don't be a whore for me. We know the difference. Be a whore-- Like, when you suck dick, don't go, "Eh..." Never do--make a sound between retarded and choking. That's sexy to us. [gagging noise] Like that. And act like you're-- and brush your teeth. [gagging noise] That motherfucker be like, "Jesus Christ, this bitch is a fucking whore! "I gotta marry this bitch. You want to get married?" [gagging noise] I gotta go. You all take care. Thank you; thank you very much, appreciate it. Copyright 2005 Home Box Office, Inc. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 