Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e7 - Moe - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 7 - Moe - full transcript 
 Moe is a cam girl crossing over into in-person sex work. At the same time, as @animesuppository, Moe is fighting to impact conventional standards of beauty and sexiness. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I've seen a lot of girls move to L. A. with dreams of becoming a model or actress. And when it doesn't work out, they start finding other ways of income. They're selling their soul, and they lose themselves. I see it all the time on Instagram, but I think it's a lot safer for one of these women to be behind a camera than to do it in real life, because that's when it gets dangerous. My name is Moe. If anything involves sex, I'm just like, "Let's do it." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm a cam model, but I specialize in domination, humiliation, and also specialty fetishes. I like attention. I definitely do. If I didn't, I definitely wouldn't look the way that I look. I need to have a portfolio not just what I put on Instagram. That's why I love being a model and a sex worker. I've been a cam model for two years, now. In camming, I specialize in fetish work. I have a client who, I smack condiments, like food condiments, onto my face for him. I also specialize in a fetish referred to as "small-penis humiliation." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, are you gonna show me, or are you just going to waste my time? It's really silly that you would consider that to be a penis at all - a really overgrown clitoris, maybe. It's real... pathetic. Is this a common reaction that you get all the time? I'm shocked, honestly. I think I'm just trying to feel my way through sex work in general. I definitely don't make a lot of money. Now that I've started to become more recognizable, I would definitely like to utilize that and benefit myself financially. I am always on the train, I feel like. It takes me, like, 3 1/2 hours to get to L. A. from the I.E. It would just be great not to have to do this all the time. Oddly enough, I've always had people tell me that I should model. Everyone's always so vague about photo shoots, and they're just like, "Just bring all your stuff, all your good stuff." And I'm like, "So, my whole wardrobe?" If I could establish myself as a professional model, I could make enough to afford to live in L. A. I'm heading to Mei's studio to do a photo shoot for her fashion line, Ozcult. I actually haven't done a lot of work for fashion brands. But in order to get more work or join an agency, I need to have a portfolio, and not just what I put on Instagram. Hello? Mei? I met Moe through Instagram. We've been following each other for a while. I just, like, hit her up through DM and asked her if she wanted to shoot 'cause I think she would be really good for my brand. Hi. - Hi. Nice to meet you. Doing good. Ozcult is an exploration of divine femininity. It's kind of my way of tapping into, like, my inner selfness and make women, like, feel comfortable in their bodies. I just posted it online. I don't if you saw it. It just says, "Too many ...boys, so little time." Yeah, I try to shoot with a lot of multicultural women, and also, women of different sizes, and hopefully, expand peoples' ideas of beauty. I feel like I just want to look like the hookers inside '80s movies. Oh, my God. Your body looks so good in this outfit. Thanks. It's so important that, like, models like you break into the market because that's, like, so important for so many young girls. Yeah. It's, like, kind of, like, nerve-racking, but also nice when I get like messages of people who are like, "You're so inspiring. You've helped me feel better about my body." And I'm just like, "Whoa, all I'm doing is posting on Instagram." I can e-mail them to you, or I can... Will you transfer them? I feel like e-mail would be easiest for me. - Okay. - Since I don't have, like... I don't know what any of the other shit is, so... I think, if you're a young girl and you want to move to L. A., you really got to know who you are. You really got to be strong in, like, what you want to do and, like, what you don't want to do, and, like, not let the culture here affect you too much. Do you want to move here? Yeah, that's, like, what I'm, like, in the process of kind of, like, looking into - trying to look at apartments. I mean, what are you trying to, like, do here? - Well, obviously, like, modeling. - Yeah. And then, I'm going to, like, try to start doing, like, in-person domming. So, I have, like, an appointment for tomorrow to do, like, - Tomorrow? - ...my first in-dom. Where did you find the gig on? They approached me through Instagram. Yeah. I, like, did escorting for, like, a very brief moment in London. There's been a lot of times that I've seen someone and then realized, later, that I was actually raped. - Yeah. - And so, like, that's kind of why I, ultimately, like, took a break from it, or, like, stopped, really. Because, like, I realized that I was getting, like, raped often. Just, like, protect yourself. I think, for a lot of women, dom work is a great source of power. Like, it makes you feel like you have more control. If Moe wants to move to L. A., especially with something like dom work, I'm sure she'll find a lot more, 'cause I think she really knows what her boundaries are and she's very headstrong. L.A. is such a cesspool of opportunity. I have high hopes for her. So, I'm on the train, again, to L. A. If I get more work, then I would have to keep doing this more and more often. Or I would have to start turning down work, and that's just, obviously, really disappointing. So, moving to L. A. would, obviously, be really beneficial. Most of the modeling work I do is for free. I definitely started out just doing it because it seemed fun. I, like, had no confidence behind my modeling. It was just very iffy, so it felt weird to ask people for money. My look is personally curated by me, and that's what most people usually want, is me, not a blank, blonde, skinny, white canvas. So, it's definitely time that I start being able to survive off of this, after all the time and energy that I've put into it. Having a modeling agency would be really beneficial. So, what made you decide to submit to Lemon Lime? Pretty much just heard that you guys are more of a non-traditionally - traditional agency, and, obviously, I'm not a traditional model, whatsoever, so... - Right. I have to be honest, though, the people that are getting the most work right now are just kind of more real, very geek chic, very "Napoleon Dynamite," very "The Office." Natural, real people. Yeah, quirky. - Techie. - Mm-hmm, the I. T. guy. We never try to ask someone to be who they're not. - Yeah, no, I understand that. - But we need to give you the reality of how the industry works. Are you open to getting us headshots and taking commercial workshop? I think so. I don't - I, obviously, would, like, need more detail on, like, how often I would have to, like, go to those things because I don't live here, and it takes me like 3 1/2 hours to get here, every time that I come to L. A. The thing is, is if you want to make it in this industry, like, you're going to need to push a little bit. We don't want to hear, like, a sob story about driving or anything like that, like... - Yeah, definitely. - You know. The reality is, it doesn't really matter if you have a ton of Instagram followers. We need to bring on people that are gonna have consistent auditions and consistent booking, and your look, right now, just isn't that. - It's too unique. Oh, my God. I feel like I'm going to freak the... out right now. I feel like a lot of - I feel - I hear, like - I feel like I've heard from other, like, models - a lot of non, like, traditional models - that, like, they feel, like, they feel like a lot of agencies that represent themselves as being non-traditional still don't actually care about you. They actually don't. They're only tapping into these markets 'cause they're realizing that people are demanding it. Living closer to L. A. in general, it would give me so many opportunities to just do so many different things. Hi. Thanks for coming. I'm not really looking forward to spending shit-tons of money on rent and all the other stuff that comes along with living in L. A. The unit open is on the first floor. This is one is one-bed, one-bath. Actually... that, it's - It's a studio. These days, I'm seeing a lot of people move into L. A. You see a lot of actors, actresses. There's just so many opportunities to really advance in your career. As you can see, the bedroom is a little bit cozy. It looks like about, I would say, 6-by-6-feet. A really basic studio apartment that you're gonna find in L. A., the going rate is $1,400 at the moment. - Wow. - Yeah. I think that - I know that I can't, like, afford this place. Well, a lot of people, when they move to L. A., they think that they're gonna become famous, but the reality is, it's really... tough. So, what do you do for work? I guess I model, a little bit. And then, I also - like, my main source of income is cam work. - Oh, okay. - Yeah. I know of a girl, and she did cam work, as well. She also did modeling, and she was a singer, actress, every - all of the above. Whatever required of her, she did it. She's doing well, now. I think so. She was actually... She was blowing her landlord to stay... ...and he - she did that for a whole year. You do what you got to do to make it work in this city. L.A., it's a land of opportunities and blow jobs. I would like to be a profession in-person dominatrix because I feel a lot more powerful and confident, and I feel like that doesn't just carry out through my work, but also, like, my real life. Moe has been my friend for about 4 years now. We met on Instagram. She's, like, the sweetest person ever, which is kind of funny because of her work. She calls it "humiliating men," so... - Oh, my god. - Yeah, it's just funny because she's so nice. She's everything you could want for a dominatrix. I don't feel any sort of shame about being sexually open about the way that I am. Like, it's not an invitation to be like, "Hey, girl, you want to..." - She's a great teacher. - It's not that. - She's a great teacher. - It's not about that. It's just about being comfortable and not feeling any shame as a woman. She likes to demonstrate, so she has demonstrations. Oh, my gosh. And yeah, that's all I have to say, though. She is a great teacher and she knows what she's talking about. So, I just hope she stays safe. I mean, people who enjoy, you know, getting their genitals smashed, you don't... You know? You just... You don't what kind of people they are. I really feel sorry for her. I couldn't imagine having to do that and be around sick, dangerous weirdos. I would be terrified for my life, so I don't know how a woman could do that to herself. And it breaks my heart that there's so many of them. I've known Moe for a few years, now. We were friends online and stuff. We met at, like, a Goth night and have been, like, pretty close ever since. Hi. I would - If I want to come to L. A., I want to do it, like, proper. I want to get a job that I won't hate. Most of my experience is cam work, so, I can't, like, put that on a resume. Like, "Hey, for last two years, I've been doing this," like, even though that should be legitimized, because that's, like, the ultimate customer service. Moe and I, we definitely have, like, a tender relationship. We spend a lot of time in my room, and just, like, hanging out with my cats. I, like, don't really party. Aww, little bear. Ow. You're okay. I feel like our relationship is, like, pretty different than a lot of her other relationships. I need to because I'm not making as much money as I need to, like, survive. Like, obviously, I'm doing it. I'm alive right now, but, like, it's like, yeah, it's, like, difficult. Yeah. I've been thinking about... Like, for a while, I've been thinking about doing, like, in-person dom stuff. I am concerned for Moe's safety, and I know, like, sex work's not always the safest. I'm just, like, imagining this, like, weirdness of, like, Moe meeting up with, like, a strange man, and him being, like, creepy. That's like, kind of, like, putting your safety in jeopardy. Like, that's not thrilling. - Yeah. Especially when you're, like, working with, like, someone who can actually do damage to you. Like, I feel like, like, letting your close friends know, like, "I'm going to be here, in this area," like... Yeah. It feels, like, good. Like, I feel like even though, like, a lot of stuff's happening right now, I feel like something's gonna happen. I have a sub coming to meet me. He's a human toilet. That's his fetish. This is gonna be my first, like, in-person dom session. These are nipple clamps, and you can use the chain part, obviously, to pull on the nipples. This is a suede flogger, and when you're doing impact play, you're usually hitting the upper back and shoulders or your ass. This is a dental gag. You could spit in their mouths, or ash in their mouths, or you could stick a foot in there. Whatever you want. I think I have a low tolerance for men, now. I think that a lot of men leave a bad taste in my mouth, theoretically. Men that I do like do leave bad tastes in my mouth, as well, but that's a different scenario. It's been three hours since he was supposed to be here. What happened tonight is something that, like, happens, actually, very often, with a lot of people who do in-person work. I put my trust in this person to be here today. And I even said, like, "Hey, if you're not gonna come, let me know so I can find this out, so I can schedule somebody else, so I can do this, 'cause this is what I'm trying to do." What a fake-ass... Like, this is, like, a continuous, like, problem with people, like, not valuing our time or energy or viewing this as like a legitimate job. 'Cause this is just the way that, like, tons of men are just, like - in just society in general - just, like, told to view us. Sex workers, in general, have, like, very minimal power, especially, like, low-income, like, non-high-end workers, and especially, not even just me, but just, like, street workers and trans women and stuff are, like, continuously killed during the work and, like, no one even notices. It's, like, a reality of something that people choose to ignore - and then, not only choosing to ignore it, but being completely unsympathetic towards us as people, when most people are just trying to, like, survive. And that's definitely, like, what I'm trying to do. I'm at the point to do whatever it takes to make enough money to get out of the I.E. and into L. A. - Yeah, the bird, that's the one. - Do you like birdies? And I can twirl for the birdies. For the birdies? Yeah, the birdies tiny. What kind of birds? Do you know what kind of birds it is? No. What do they look like? Are they black? I think that there's lots of things that I want to do, but I want to do all of them. Oh, oh, yeah. I want them to all, simultaneously, be a part of my life. You have crumbs on your forehead. I don't want to choose. I don't want to pick. I don't want to be consumed by only one thing, 'cause I'm a multi-dimensional person, and I definitely want to be able to express that and feel that throughout my whole life. And I'm going to make it happen. It's kind of hot. It's hot? Yes. You don't - you don't eat so much popcorn. No. I'm way bigger than you. I can eat way more. Whoo. It doesn't matter what you look like. I think it's, just, something inside that sparks with people. I've seen people from all different parts of the world, all different sizes, all different whatever, who either have it or they don't. You don't have to be the most beautiful person in the world. You just have to have something special about you and something real and genuine. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 