Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e3 - Sky - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 3 - Sky - full transcript 
 Skylar is an LA-raised model/actress/DJ who grew up with a hair metal dad and a swimsuit model mom. @sky_sky documents her glamorous life but is struggling to make it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Paris: I'm an Aquarius. I'm naturally a very creative person. I love designing. I love creating. I love entertaining people. I get to DJ at some of the most incredible clubs and music festivals all around the world, so I'm basically working from day to night, but I love what I do. My advice is if you're a DJ, you're a model. Getting an agent or somebody to help you out, it takes, like, a great team of people to make it happen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 People can't just do this all on their own. My name is Skyler. Everyone calls me Sky Sky. I'm born and raised in LA. [ Siren wailing ] Everyone is here to, like, follow their dreams in the entertainment industry, and that's kind of, like, what I'm into as well. I want to be known for, like, being like Sky. Like, this is what Sky Sky is because I'm literally doing everything I want to do right now. Like my acting is great. I have my manager. Everything is set. I just want to do, like, big things for myself. I know, like, this life was meant for me. Like, I just know, like, it's going to work out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Thunder crashes ] [ Static pulsating ] You don't know what you did to me. [ Sniffles ] You don't know what I went through. You're a liar! Can you just leave? Ah! ♪♪ I'm an actor, model, dancer, DJ, a student. ♪♪ I still have another year at UCLA. How could you put me through this again? If you love me, just freaking listen to me. Get me the... out of here now, Brody. Okay. Okay, babe. Oh, no! - [ Screams ] - Come here! - Oh! Ah! - You okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. I just love performing, and, like, giving, like, my energy out because I have a lot of energy. I'm freaking crazy sometimes. ♪♪ I always love music because I'm a dancer, too. I kind of fell into DJing because it was something, like, possible for me to do. Like, someone showed me once, and I kind of got the hang of it, and then I just fell in love with doing it. Because right now, I'm just, like, okay at many things. I want to be able to, like, kill it in one thing. So my mom is a struggling single parent doing her thing. I didn't know we were going to be hiking. I'm wearing platforms. After the divorce, Skyler was really a jealousy little girl. She would never late me date with other guy. - Oh, yeah. I remember that. - Oh, you remember? - Why? - And she was even suicidal. You were just a daddy's little girl. Aw. He will be in your life forever. My parents divorced when I was younger, so I'm not super close with my dad. He was, like, an '80s hair metal rocker. My mom did a lot of swim suit modeling, and then when she had me, she, like, stopped doing all the modeling stuff and took care of my brother and I. She's done everything for me, and especially when I started, like, my acting when I was younger, she invested so much money into, like, my headshots, like, acting classes, all of that. So I just feel like it makes sense to, you know, be able to become great enough so I can, like, give back to her, you know what I mean? I'm really proud of Skyler because she's been - she's been working super hard. She will never lose track of where she wants to go and where she wants to be. I just got invited to play at a friend's party. I'm kind of nervous though because I haven't played in front of, like, my L. A. friends... - Mm-hmm. - ...or at all in L. A. And Zee is teaching me how to, like, produce music. [ Thunder crashes ] ♪♪ Zee is a music producer. We've been through a lot together. He's like my best friend now, and we work together. Like, I talk to him on, like, a daily basis. Zee. Zee: What's up? Oh, look at this cute little set up. He's just going to show me the basics on how to, like, make your own beats basically. - Sure do, yes. - Let's make it happen. - Yeah. - I do sound and vision and music, fashion, design, the aesthetic, the sound, everything to go with it. Sky: Escape is, like, a label with, like, music, fashion, like, art. The whole, like, aesthetic together. Pow. [ Chuckles ] Escape is about vacation forever and music that makes you feel that way and clothes that make you feel that way. Anything that makes you aspire to have a good time forever. He wanted me to model, and so then we met, and like, we just, like, vibed really well. I just want to be able to learn how to, like, you know, make my own beats and stuff like that. I just want, like, original content at the end of the day. Yeah, everybody wants original content. - Right? - It's just a little bit of work. [ Plays keyboard ] Maybe that's a little too high. So I'm not inspired by that. Let's see. [ Plays lower chords ] Oh, I like that. I like the way that feels. - Mm-hmm. - Cool. So we record that. Like, I met him when I was younger, and he kind of, like, showed me around L.A., and like, the whole, like, scene when I didn't really know anything. He goes out a lot too, and so he knows, like, all the people, who, like, throw parties and stuff like that. He did a lot for me to, like, open the door and, like, meet all these people when I didn't have anything going on. He loves me, but then he's seeing - He's, like, sleeping with other girls. So no. Bye, boy. Like, I can't do that, you know. You don't deserve me. Just get the... out. I was, I guess, too drunk and I, like, kind of knocked out. And then apparently, like, he, like, took some other girl with him to, like, another place and, you know. I'm not going to take your shit ever again. - No. - No. I guess we were never in a relationship because he doesn't believe in relationships. But I thought we were for a little bit. I don't know. I'm just, you know, social in general. That's part of connection. Like, you can't not be social. I'm like a monogamous, like, kind of relationship kind of girl. Like, I can't do open relationships. Man: Yeah. So even though, like, that person loves me, and I do love them, I can't keep them, like, intimate with me if they're seeing other girls, you know what I mean? Like, that's not right for me. When you're out in LA, we got to stay open to opportunities, and there's really no limits. I guess it was stupid, but I'm still, like - I still want to associate myself with him. I still want to be, like, in each other's lives. And I feel like I don't want to throw that all away and just be like, "Fine. I never want to, like, talk to him again." Like, no. We have so much other things going on. Like, I don't have to be that way. And plus Escape pays my bills. I - I like the neon-like vibe. Neon-summer is, like, my kind of thing. I look like a cute little space girl. I'm going to see my dad today because I don't normally see him. I don't, like, I don't really even know what he does, or I don't have... Like, he doesn't have a phone number or, like, any way for me to contact him, so I'm always, like, kind of worried. It's like every time I see my parents I just, like... Well, I don't want to be, like, not disappointed, but I just want to see that they're doing well and that they're happy. And I just hopefully, like, everything is all good. The thing is, like, I don't know how he's doing or anything, so that's why, like, it kind of, like, scares me. Like, I did see him at my brother's birthday, and he looked fine. So I'm - I hope, like, he's still good. So... I'm excited. I never hung out with him by myself actually. I'm always, like, my mom would invite him over. Or it would be, like, a family thing, like, for Christmas, Thanksgiving, or like my brother's birthday. So it's kind of the first time I'm just, like, going to see him. - Hey, Sky! - Hey. Wow. - You look cool. - You look cool. How you been? I haven't seen you in a while. Yay! I know. I know. It's so good to see you. - Wow. Wow. - I'm so happy. - It's been a while. I haven't seen you in a long time. I know. - Wow. - What have you been up to? Oh, not much. Hanging out with my friends, and partying and stuff. - Really? - Yeah, what have you been up to? Same. Hanging out with my friends... - Oh, you went to Coachella? - ...and partying. - Coachella? Yeah. - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've been just working a lot. - How was that? - So busy, like... - Yeah. Coachella was a lot of fun, always. - It's really good? - Yeah. - Yeah. - It's always a good time. I want to go some time with you. - You do? - Yeah. If there's rock and roll bands there, I'll go. - Yeah. Thank you. - You DJing now? - Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. - You DJ? - That's something new. - Wow. - I'm really excited about that. - Cool. Yeah, I remember when you were young, I used to hang around Hollywood Boulevard. - I know. - Hollywood has changed a lot. What's it like? It's more tourist-y, and, you know, like... - Right. - ...it's all got bees and shit. [ Both laugh ] The strip was like the shit... - The Sunset Strip. - Yeah. - That's where everything... - That's The Rainbow, Roxy, - Right. - ...Whisky. Yeah. I just walk up and down and met all kinds of people. I met Tommy Lee. There's Britny Fox... Yeah. No. Ratt, Poison, all the bands. Everyone is there, huh? Yeah, it was all the good bands. - That's sick. - That was so cool. - Yeah. - It was fun. Yeah. - Aw, that's cute. - Then you came along. Then you were born. [ Siren wailing ] Everything changed in Hollywood, so... - I know. - ...it's different. Yeah. - But it's like... - It used to be better. Like, who you surround yourself with, like, I feel like if you found, like, better friends, - like people that... - Yeah, who do better. Yeah. Wow. My dad gets stopped by people all the time because they think he's the guy from Motley Crue. Yeah, you do. Yeah, man. my dad gets attention like this all the time... - Pause me right now. - Here. ...for just like looking like that. Oh, my god. Look at him. Yeah, Yeah. Get a pic. Wait, you guys. Our picture. Yeah? Cool? Okay, thank you. Like, is there anything, like, you want to do? Yeah. I want to start a band back up. Yeah? You want to start a band? Yeah. But, like, what about, like, not a band? Like, something besides that? - You know a lot of musicians. - It's different. The industry, the music industry is different from like... - That's true. - ...EDM compared to rock. There's not so much rock anymore. Like, mainstream these days are, like, music festivals, like, EDM festivals, and stuff. - Yeah. - That's, like... That's the money maker right there. But it's just like times change. Yeah. I'm just happy that you're good. - Yeah. Thanks. - You know? And you got to come when I do have my performance. Yeah, I'll be there. I want you to come and see me. - I'll be there. You know I will. - Yeah. Of course you would. You want to come to my parties. - Yeah. Cool. - Okay. When he says that he still wants to be a musician, I'm like, "That's cool, but you should also maybe look into doing something else on top of that because you can't just, like, keep on doing that the rest of your life." He's not growing, or maybe he doesn't want to do anything else, but I don't know. I tried my best to, like, convince him to, like, explore other things. And even if it's around music, that's great, but not, like, specifically only, like, trying to be in a band. I definitely sometimes feel like I'm the parent. He's not going to listen until something, like, clicks in his head, and, like, when he wants to change himself. ♪♪ Paris: When I was 16, I met David LaChapelle. He told me I was his muse, and that he was like Warhol, and I was his Edie Sedgwick. We would do photoshoots all the time. Then Vanity Fair saw pictures he shot of my sister and I, and they did a huge story on us. That was before "The Simple Life," and the beginning of my career. I was really lucky to have such a talented person to create with. He opened my mind to a world I felt excited about. Meeting him changed my life. [ Alarm beeping ] ♪♪ [ Alarm stops ] ♪♪ Yo, look who's in my apartment though. [ Chuckles ] Happy Wednesday. I need to... get my ass up. ♪♪ Wait, I want to face my Buddha. [ Laughs ] There we go. Hey, guy. What's up? [ Chuckles ] When I think about, like, spiritual things, or I remember, like, trips that I've done, you know, like, with a psychedelic, especially the DMT I told you it took, like, a month for me to recover from, like, what I saw. After experiencing that, like, there's no problem that can, like, match up to that. Like, no relationship, no, like, struggles in life here is that, like, worthy of what I went through. I, like, died first of all, so I experienced death. That's, like, the most far out you can do being alive here. So that itself, and then just, I talked to, like, different entities, I guess. Like, beings that are not from this realm, but... And I didn't even know existed until then, so that's just like another, like, mind-blowing thing to me. It's heavy. Yeah. That's why I'm saying, like, there's nothing else that can compare to that. Yes, I think so. Definitely, like, it gives me a different perspective on, like, how to deal with all my problems. [ Electronic dance music plays ] ♪♪ ♪ This beat is sick ♪ Kind of, like, maybe... is it behind or forward? ♪ This beat is sick ♪ I finally booked a gig that I'm going to play at a friend's party. I haven't, like, done it in front of, like, a large crowd. Like, it's so easy to just, like, be here by myself... Right. ...like, doing it. There's no pressure or anything. Performing is different. - I know it's going to be fun. - Yeah. I'm just, like, I just need to get over that, like... All your friends will be there and stuff, so, it'll be fun. Yeah, I know. Okay. ♪♪ None of my friends actually have heard me, like, play a DJ set before. It's going to be very exciting. I'm mostly nervous. [ Chuckles ] Look, mom. Oh, my god. My bra is so sparkly and, like, sequins-y that it gets stuck. [ Dial tone ringing ] Hey. - Yeah. Hey. Wait, so he's not going to come tonight. Scott: I love you! Oh, no. He's not coming tonight. He's tired. What?! Are you serious? Okay. Aw. It's okay. It's fine. It could be better that they're not coming. Update - My bra is not sparkly anymore because it was too lit, and the fishnet was getting stuck in there. Update - My bra is not sparkly anymore. It was too lit and the fishnt was getting stuck in there. But it's so cute. [ Echoing, repeating ] Update - My bra is not sparkly anymore... But it's so cute. I'm on my way. Can't wait to... be right there. Woo! ♪♪ [ Electronic dance music playing ] [ Indistinct chatter ] I feel very nervous. [ Chuckles ] ♪♪ It's like anything that you're doing for the first time, it's like you don't really know what to expect. [ Indistinct chatter ] ♪♪ Problem is, like, I'm not confident yet because I've only been doing it for so long. Just like the equipment can be, like, different. ♪♪ Man: Woo! Yeah! Woo! Yeah! [ Music blares sharply, static playing ] [ Feedback blaring, people scream ] - Woo! - Woo! [ High-pitched static playing ] [ SiSky: I, like, assumed that there's going to be, like, the standard equipment, right? I'm like, "You guys have the CDJs and everything, right?" She was like, "No we don't." So what do I do? Like, how am I going to DJ? She was, like, "Everyone uses a laptop these days." And I'm like, "Well, I've never used a laptop to DJ. Like, I haven't been taught that way ever." I was like, "Maybe, like, I can't do it." I was just like, "It's not working." [ Thunder crashes ] I was so nervous as hell. And then Zee comes and, like, surprises me. He gave me, like, a good tip. He's like, "Don't worry. Nobody gets, like, the mistake. You just have to look like you're having fun. That's all they care about. Like, if you can just act like everything's going, like fine, everyone's going to think it's okay." Zee: You're not supposed to look like you don't know what you're doing. So just play it cool. Be cool. ♪♪ [ Cheering ] ♪♪ I mean, the whole point is, like, to get the crowd going, and that's what I wasn't doing at first. So I was just, like, dancing, like, having fun, and then it got better. [ Cheering ] ♪♪ So you just have to, like, fake it 'til you make it. Yeah, fake it 'til you make it. It's like a life thing, I think. Sky: At the end of everything, like, it was a great set. Yay. You saved me. Good work. Oh, my god. I was so stressed out. Zee's taught me a lot and has been there for me for a long time, and there is definitely some emotional attachment towards that because it's only, like, normal that I felt that way. It was like a whole, like, process to, like, to become, like, independent from that and, like, be my own person, and, like, actually appreciate him as a person now without any other, like, emotion blocking that. ♪♪ I watched a YouTube video. It's like this New Age shit, but, like, if you, like, envision the parking spot, you're going to get it. You see it. You actually see yourself parking and, like, doing it, you freaking get it. And it works every time I do it. Yeah, I remember that one time. Remember when we were like driving to the event, and, like, there's no parking at all. It's, like, impossible. And then, I'm like, "Okay. You know what? I'm going to, like, think positively." And, like, I changed my whole mood. I'm like, "Okay. We're going to find parking right now. I see it." The little... Like, right in front of us, the car backs out. I'm like, "Great, take this spot." I... am so serious. That kind of shit in life, like, makes me so happy. I'm going to make it. Like, I see it. I can see it. I'm putting out the energy, and it's going to happen. Like, for some reason, like, I'm confident in myself. Like, I know, like, things are going to happen for me. Like, everything that I want to do, I can see it happening, and it's going to work out. Paris: Growing up, I was very lucky to have so many supportive friends and family to help me through life. When I see how Sky is working at her career without much support, my heart goes out to her. I want her to know that she's doing a damn good job. L.A. hasn't broken her spirit. You can tell by the way she still smiles. Keep this head and heart and never stop believing. ♪♪ ♪ A bird flies above the land of dreams ♪ ♪ Silent flight above the shadow's dreams ♪ ♪ Land of crystal waters pour ♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 