Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e5 - Mei & Remy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 5 - Mei & Remy - full transcript 
 Mei just moved to LA from Philly and has given herself one year to build her lingerie brand @OzCult. She started the lingerie line after a traumatic escorting experience. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I love being a businesswoman and a brand. The important thing when building your brand is to focus on exactly what you want to show the public. I'm definitely the OG of building brands. In this town, you have to be unique to stand out. There are so many copycats, but always remember they can copy your past, but they can't copy your future. My name is Mei. I run Ozcult, which is a handmade lingerie brand. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's, like, a celebration of divine femininity. My name is Remy Fox. When I come to Hollywood, I come to party, make headlines, suck some dick, make some money. I wanted to make money through my art, and I didn't want to lead a life where I was constantly depending on men, especially because most of them were pretty creepy. Insta-famous, I hate that word. I'll, like, joke about it. I'll be like, "Yeah. I'm famous on the Internet." Without my followers I probably would be, like, a typical Latina working at Western Dental, eating my Hot Cheetos with my ghetto nails. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't know. It's not real. Like, it's all kind of, like, a mirage of reality. I've always wanted to live somewhere warm. My body just cannot deal with the cold. Like, I get severely depressed here... Ow. ...but I also want to be, like, in a community where I can interact with other people in the arts, and I'm really into the fashion scene in LA. I just, like, want to get the... out of here. I'm just, like, ready to go. My boyfriend's gonna be sad, but he's coming later. My dog. I don't think I'm escaping Philly 'cause I could escape Philly a lot of ways, but I definitely am interested in being in, like, a very opposite environment. I worked, and I came home early, and I drank a 40 by myself so I could go to sleep. My "home strip club" I want to say is... in East LA. There was a lot of customers. A lot of broke ones, though. It's a hole in the wall. It's ghetto. There's people doing crystal. There's people doing coke, ecstasy on the table. It's - It's like a mom- and-pop strip club. The ones that are just, like, window shoppers are the... worst, where they literally just go and don't even order a beer and just stare at you and don't tip you at all, and then they get mad when you ask them for a lap dance 'cause they don't got no money. This is why I want to be famous, so I can own my own strip club. Probably like... $6 million. And then obviously I favor the rich - the rich ones. I dream about them every day. "Aye, papi, come here. I think you're ready for a lap dance." You know, grab their micropenis or something. Make them feel big. Money. Just kidding. Someone with a... bed, like damn. Like y'all really don't have... frames. Y'all just have, like, a... piece of toast bread looking mattress on the floor, and their dick smells like... swamp dick. Like, they don't know what the... a shower is. Those are the guys that are attracted to me. It's sad. I wonder what Beyoncé's doing right now. LA is, like, creepy beautiful. I mean, not all of it but most of it. I mean, I want to build my brand here. I'm nervous because in Philly people are really real. Like, they say what they think, and they call you out on your bullshit. But from what I know of LA, people, well... I think the brand will definitely grow. I'm just worried about making friends, like, real friends. One of the reasons that I moved to LA is to connect with a lot of the girls that I see on the Internet, so right now I'm going to meet up with Remy, who is an Internet girl that I know of. She's been on my radar for a little while, so I can't wait to meet her. I've been following you on Instagram. It's, like, totally cool to meet you in real life. Thanks for coming. Yeah. Of course. You're, like, really good at dancing. I, like, basically hand-make lingerie. I think I lurked your page a little bit. - Oh, really? - Yeah. I'd love to shoot you sometime. - I'm so down! - I made my bra. - I love it so much. - Yeah? Thanks. Yeah. I'm down. It's, like, stuff like that. So tell me, like, more about LA. I just moved here. Honestly in LA it's either, like, you're sucking dick for money or you're sucking dick for money. 'Cause - Even if not, like, literally, like - No. I mean it literally and, like, figuratively. And figuratively? - Yeah, like - - Like, both. Yeah, well, you know, I-I dance, and I'm a sugar baby. I've been a sugar baby before. Don't you just love it? It's pretty fun. I did it on and off for, like, all through college, pretty much, but, I mean, ultimately, I don't think it made me really happy, having sugar daddies. What's, like, the best sugar daddy you've ever had? I was, like, 18, when I got - He was kind of like my first real sugar daddy. He was the best one ever. - Aw. - He gave me $500 every time. So, like, you would just, like - I was his full-time sugar baby. Aw. That's cute. And the sex was good. Word. I was, like, 18. I just, like, went on Craigslist and, like, found a job for a call girl. It seemed really glamorous and, like, fun, and I was also really wild at the time, but some things were not so fun. For example, I got raped, and then afterwards there was nothing that my "pimp" could do about it. There's really no legal protection for sex workers anywhere. It's really made me want to fight for the perception of sex workers, and just that they're real people. Because I'm a visual artist, I wanted to create sort of, like, an aesthetic surrounding somebody who has been involved in the sex industry and, like, raise those woman above humanity to, like, a form of divinity, and, I mean, that's definitely what I'm trying to accomplish. My number-one trick ended up spending money on some other bitch at the club without me, so I got to go find a new trick, a new sugar daddy, so I'm gonna have to interview some and see how much money they got, and what's their credit score like? Food. Ooh, that sounds bomb. Is anybody having a barbecue that we know? We can just go there. I'm one of those girls that I can't - I don't keep a sugar daddy that often. I change it like underwear 'cause they bore me. My ideal sugar daddy, in my fantasy, would be kind of muscular but not too muscular. Yeah, like, I don't want him to be ugly. I've mostly just gotten a lot of money out of them. I don't really ask for material things 'cause I rather just get the money to buy myself what I want. To hang out with me. Me pretend to be, like, I'm your girlfriend or something. But you know I'ma get, like... Shrek-looking. Sometimes, y-you know, you got to suck it up and, like, give them the sugar that they want, but lately I've been getting the ones that I don't have to do anything. Like, they just want companionship, so I'm getting - I'm happy that I don't have to do that anymore. I'm telling you, we need to go to, like, Beverly Hills and, like... We do. We'll go. We'll sit down and just be the bait and then reel them in. Like a Venus fly trap. - Yeah. - This is so cute. I'm producing content for, like, Ozcult's Instagram. - Hi! - Hi. Hi. Good morning. Good morning. It's gonna be my first photo shoot here in LA. ...I, like, never have a vision for things. I just kind of, like, do what feels right. But in our world today, there's a really violent, like, masculine culture. I think it comes from, like, the way that, like young boys are raised, and how those boys are raised to not feel like they can be emotional or girly, and then, in turn, they kind of put that mentality onto women as well. Like, it's not cool to be a pussy, you know? But, like, sometimes it's important to be soft and see things from that perspective. I've never seen this type of little... It's like this weird, like, scribble scrabble lace. Yeah. That's why I chose it... - Yeah. ...'cause it's not, like, conventional lace. Right. Exactly. Part of my goal as an artist is to get in touch with that softer side And, like, access that in people, male or female, you know? Whoo! I just got a brand-new car. - You did? - Yeah. My sugar daddy. My car broke down, but my sugar daddy managed to, like, purchase me, like, another one, literally within the hour of calling him. Very nice. Become a stripper! How is this tied right now? It's, like, falling off. - Oh. All right. You should come to my party. Where's it gonna be at? Um, it's just gonna be at my studio at Think Tank. It's, like, literally, like, around the corner from here. LA is a weird place. It's just full of people chasing their dreams, so every one's here to try to get something. And most of the time it's not friends. Like, sometimes you actually end up being, like, really close with them, but it's really rare. Maybe I'm just shy. Like, I'm always, like, weird afterwards. This is where Maddie was being awkward. The whole - The whole roll. And then this is when... No, it's not better yet. ...Maddie was told to arch her back. I've been going through a lot of periods of, like, being extremely depressed, but then I just have to, like, constantly remind myself of, like, where I am and, like, I'm meeting all the people that I wanted to meet, and I'm doing all the things that I wanted to do, so sometimes I just need to get out of my head and just, like, yeah. Look around. Maybe. If I've learned anything at all, it's that you can't go backwards, or should I say, you shouldn't, and stick to your guns because building a brand takes sacrifice. Keep your eye on the prize so one day you can drive around these streets, look up past the palm trees and lights to the hills, and think, "I did it. I did what I came out here to do." That feeling alone is worth it. - Hi. - Hi. I miss you. I miss you! How is it going over there? It's okay. I'm, like, trying to throw this party. I'm just trying to, like, have as many people come as possible because, like, I'm trying to, like, get my brand out here. I literally came to LA to meet all these cute girls that I follow on Instagram, the sunlight, the flowers. I want to be, like, a successful designer. I don't want to work for anyone else. It would be great to have money, but I don't really want to be famous, though. I want to be famous. I want to be tabloid famous. I want to have drug scandals. I want to be seen jumping over the Burger King counter saying, "Do you know who I am?" Ashley Simpson style. I have seen some girls, like, come to LA and, like, think they're gonna make it, but they just are so overwhelmed with, like, I guess, the w-to put in work. If I'm doing the LA thing, like, fully, and, like, reaching my potential here, then, like, I'm sure I'm gonna love it here, but I don't feel like I'm there yet. It takes, like, years and years. Like, I'm still, like, 10 years deep in trying to be famous. Mei just needs to, like, let go of whatever she's holding back and just use what LA is giving her. There is some days where I'm like, "...I want to go home. Like, I hate it here. Like, what am I doing? Why did I come here? Like, I had everything," but... Yeah. That's actually a lot of days. Tonight's the night of my landing party. I'm really nervous. I hope people come because, like, if they don't I'm, like, worried about money. I'm pretty much just gonna invite as many people as possible, like, who's ever down to come. The party is starting really soon, like, in, like, 20 minutes. My set designer still isn't here, and she still needs to hang up, like, the lingerie which is, like, kind of the point of the party. Then I'm just gonna give up on life, and then give up my brand and throw it all to the wind. So, the way that I use, like, the LA party scene to my advantage is just, like, exposure to the underground. Like, you make a name for yourself, and you can be kind of, like, you know, known for that. I would just get drunk, and they just started knowing me as a - as a party drunk girl who takes ecstasy pills and gets... up, and then I moved on to cocaine. Me and this other stripper were just buying 8-balls and weren't even working at that point. We were just working for the next 8-ball. Hey, it got me a job with an artist for, like, a good two years. I only go to certain things if I - if it's gonna benefit me. I just go out if, like, there's someone there that is, like, important to, like, connect with, then I would go. Rarely do I just go to, like, just... have a good time. In Hollywood, you pay with your looks. Let me see her Instagram. It's, like, become a big tool for a lot of these girls. I didn't think social media was, like, as important as it is, but actually is, like, one of the most important tools in Hollywood. You're looking at your Instagram, like, there's a constant, like, comparison, and, like, a battle. Like, having to live this way day to day, like, this isn't organic. This didn't exist before. So people that got really wrapped up in this, like, I would understand why they would be, like, so depressed, and why it would rule so much of their thoughts and their lives and their reasonings. That's, like, such a shitty way to live. It's all kind of like a mirage, the balance between social media and real life. I'm not really happy right now. I just want to be comfortable, but I feel like I'm really scraping by. I still want to be able to have my work have a positive and genuine impact to the people that purchase it, and feel financially stable, but I don't right now. I think my mom is proud of me. I think that she wishes that I was a little bit more clean-cut. I've definitely come a long way, but I want to feel like I'm not stressed about my rent next month, and I want to be making enough money to feel comfortable. And if I'm... miserable by the end of it, I'm leaving. I'm going back to Philly. So tell me how it went. Like, a lot of people came but, like, I thought it would translate into sales but it really didn't, so I didn't really make that much money at all. Got to get you some press, girl. Get any sort of publicity. Good, bad. I prefer, like, the scandalous, you know, DUI charges, cocaine charges. Oh, my God. What's wrong, man? You want - Do you want - Do you want snacks? - Yeah. - Here. He just turned 6. He's autistic, but it's the best thing that can happen to me. He can tell you 12 different types of sharks and whales and what their functions are, how they eat, and where they live, and he's smart, so it's good. I'm not, so... So, tell me about your new sugar daddy. Oh, my God. Okay, so - okay. So I was working as a waitress, right? And he is friends with one of my homeys. - Okay. - So he came in. He looked at me like I was a snack. Like I was, like, a five-course meal. I was like, "Hello." My friend that knows him... - Yeah. ...was like, "You need to... with him. Like, he's rich. He got money. He'll make sure you're p-like, your bills are paid and, like, you're just good." - Yeah. And I was like, "Ah! Finally!" So we'll see how that works out. - Aw. - Yeah. Cool. Do you want me to ask him if he has, like, friends or something? You know? - Oh. Um... You need one. Like, during the slow times of, like, summer, you need a - you need a sugar daddy. I know, but I'm, like, good right now. - Okay. That's good. - Yeah. But, you know, whenever that runs low... - 'Cause - I know. - ...I-I-I'll help you. See, like, when I'm around you, like, I get all excited. I'm like, "Yeah. Let's do it! Whoo!" And then - - I have to be - I have to be around you all the time. And then when I get by myself I'm like, "Hmm. Maybe I shouldn't do that." I find it sad that this whole sugar-baby lifestyle is being glamorized all over online. It's almost like girls think it's a guarantee to success and happiness. Yes, it's an option, but one that can knock you off course if it goes wrong. Mei seems like a sweet girl who's doing anything to survive. I hope she finds the right influences and sees that every overnight success is years in the making. With the right people around you, anything is possible. Do the hard work. I believe in you, Mei. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 