Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e2 - Sergio & The Spirit Sisters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - Sergio & The Spirit Sisters - full transcript 
 @godsergfarias is a socialite who wants to be seen at only the best events, surrounded by A-listers. But branding oneself can have unforeseen consequences. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Narrator: Social media has changed our way of life. It's become a full-time job. We didn't even realize we slipped into this rabbit hole until it was too late. Now we're all in it, and we're all trying to understand this new normal. For some, it's taken over their entire identity. What have we done to ourselves? Is there a way out, a happy ending? ♪♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My name is Sergio Farias. Becoming part of the L. A. scene is something that I always did want - since I was a little kid, I would go through magazines of, like, Vogue, and I would watch "The Hills," and I'd be, like, "Oh, my God, wouldn't that be so cool to be going to those places?" ♪♪ When people throw parties, they want, like, the best-looking people, and I think they know that I can deliver that. Nowadays, everyone wants to be Instagram famous, and it's, like, it's a promotion. You're, like, trying to sell this, like, false lifestyle. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪♪ I feel like there is something special about me, and I feel like it should be shared with the world. ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Blades whirring ] [ Echoing ] Sergio. ♪♪ Woman: Sergio! Shut the... up! Uh, I hate this. Brought you a coffee. Oh, hey, Ash. [ Groans ] You look hot. Thanks. Did you just get back from a guy's house? No. Do I look like I did? You look like the morning after pill. I'm so tired. I hate this. I hate the morning. Mornings are for, like, ugly people who have to, like work. I hate it. My persona on Instagram is who I am in real life. I'm a luxury item in a thrift store, I felt like. I'm going to do a I-woke-up-like-this Snapchat. Hey, guys. I woke up like this, brutal. Hey, guys. I woke up like this. I wake up. I look at my, like, text messages, and then I look at Snapchat, and then I look at, like "Daily Mail" just to, like, see what everyone in the entertainment industry is doing. [ Knocking ] Shelly, it's open like Ashley's legs. Come in. Hey, Shells. Wa-la-la. 'Sup, yo? I would hug you but. You smell. We're making mimosas. You want one? Duh. Are you insane? I'm sorry. Would you rather drink out of this? I think I'll just make you a new drink, my bad. Why do you guys get cute cups and I get that? Because you're an ugly bitch. Trash! What the... You're so... Well, cheers, queers. Do you still want to go to Venice Beach and, like, walk around? I want to go, but I want more than this. What is this going to do? Well, we can bring the whole bottle with us. With a cup of tea! This ain't Vegas, but I'm sure we can get away with it. ♪♪ That's the stuff. ♪♪ Hello. Hello, darling. Hi, I'm Chloe Holmes, and together, me and Brandy are the Spirit Sisters. ♪♪ I don't post, like, boring photos. I don't think Brandy does either. No. Usually has to be an interesting subject. The idea is making fantasies become reality. And reach under your eyes, pay attention, like, your - Okay. ...eyes aren't burning. My face is starting to itch. Well, get used to it. ♪♪ Repopulate Mars is a party that we do with my boyfriend, Lee Foss. It's very futuristic, alien-themed. You'll go there, and everyone is dressed up in robot, futuristic, cyborg, alien attire, and then we design outfits, so it's always, when you go, like, a whole kind of, like, art show. Have you seen "Star Wars?" That's kind of the vibe. ♪♪ There are lots of different parts to making those costumes. Lots of troubleshooting goes on with it, for sure. Yeah, troubleshooting, solving the troubles, working from the troubles. ♪♪ We had a little bit of a wardrobe malfunction. Girls with really big boobs, it has no give whatsoever on this mesh, and if it's too big, it's going to rip, and then... Drama. Titties that repopulate Mars. Let's do this. ♪♪ Sergio: I'm such a people's person. I always like to be surrounded, like, by people. Having people around me is like my security blanket. You know, I just want to say "Cheers" to life. Some for me... And some for my homies. Woman: Jesus Christ. You suck at taking pictures. I want a rematch. And you suck dick. So do you! Ready? - Mm-hmm. You look so cute. I know. I got a text from Brandy and Chloe. Who are they? They, like, wanted me to come over and chill by the pool. Are you going? I don't know. It's either going down, or it's not. Yeah. ♪♪ ♪♪ What up? - Hi. - Hi, guys. What's up? - Hi. - How are you? - So what do you guys do? Um, I'm building a lifestyle brand right now, so, like, I'm collecting all, like, my photos, but I'm just in school for business. - Yeah? You love it? - That's so cool! Yeah, like, I'll talk to, like, the least-ghetto person that'll come up to me and be like, "Hey, what's your name? Do you have Snapchat?" I'm like, "Shyeah. I do," and, like, we'll follow each other. So I'll have, like, one minion. Like, I'll have, like, collect-a-minion. - So bad. - Yeah. But they'll be like, "Did you follow me on Instagram? I followed you." I'm like, "Unh-uh." You don't want to be caught following a minion? - Unh-uh. - Sergio is a character. He just needs to grow up a little bit, and that's all it is. We do, like, a party that's, like, super futuristic and stuff. Oh, cool. When's that? The next one is next Saturday. You should come. Yeah, I'm down. But you have to dress up. You have to be, like, futuristic or alien vibes. Where do you find, like, alien stuff? Our biggest inspiration is Home Depot. - Home Depot, what? - Yeah. I think the alien theme is desperate. Maybe if they were, like, 8 years old, like, I'd be like, "Oh, my god, an alien party? We have to go, you guys!" Stink-o de Mayo. I kind of, like, put it in my braid. Yeah, that's dope. I don't like that. Sorry, guys. Yeah. It's incense. It's good for your soul. I don't like that smell. Do you like sage? No. It stinks. Okay, babe, know what really stinks? Incense mixed with whatever the... you sprayed on yourself. Oh, my God. I'm going to get, like, brain cancer smelling that. I can't. He, like, has this, like, I-don't-give-a-...mentality. You can maybe not give a... maybe have just a little bit more, like, respect for other people whether you give a... or not. So why don't you guys - You guys gonna come to... Repopulate Mars next Sunday. Repopulate Mars? - Yeah, babe. - You have to dress up. One hundred percent, you have to dress up, or you won't be allowed in. When I get involved and get invited, like, it's not my branding, so, like, for me, I don't personally like their theme at all. Sounds fun. I'm excited. - Let's do it. - Oh, yeah. Sergio: In L. A., people use their power to lure you in, and it's all a trick. At the end of the day, no one does shit for you. O0 C1 ♪♪ ♪♪ Bunnies, say "Good morning." "Good morning, Instagram." Bunnies, say "Good morning." "Good morning, Instagram." ♪♪ I get inspiration from a lot of things, like taking ideas that are completely, like, out of left field, and, like, forming them into the idea that we have in our minds. You'll see what I'm talking about. ♪♪ I feel like there's something that I might not know about myself that I haven't discovered yet. I feel like I'm a girl trapped in a guy's body, so I kind of, like, feel, like, the women's vulnerability. Are you guys on your period? - On you on your period? Why, are we being mean? No, I'm just asking. I just have, like, this, really, like, period feeling that one of you guys... The Sergio Brand is just always looking your best and having beautiful people around you, selling this, like, false lifestyle because I don't always just hang out with pretty people, you know, or what people may think. You know, I have, like, my normal friends. You know, I don't post pictures with them, but I have them. I don't even know what I'm going to be like when we walk in. Like, "Hey, guys, how"... Like, I just... Do you know them, like? I met them through mutual friends. Ellie and Chloe and Zoey Hood are going to be like, "Who's that? Who's that hot guy with those two hot bitches?"' Twirl for good luck. ♪♪ ♪♪ Woman: I'm really excited because people dressed up this time. It's usually kind of hard to get random people to dress up, but I think because Repopulate Mars is becoming such a little movement, everyone is dressed up, and it's really exciting to see that. More people are catching on, which makes me really happy when people, like, step out of their element. Okay. - You know us? - You know us? Who are we? Who are we? Oh! ♪♪ Sergio: My reason for going to Chloe and Zoey's party, is, you know, give them a second chance. Maybe they aren't what I think they are, and maybe they'll, like, impress me, but we'll see. I think that's very, like, inappropriate. They're, like, in their late 20s throwing alien parties, like, get the... out of here. I would say one out of 10. Sergio: Like, I just hope this party turns out to be fun, or somewhat okay - or tolerable. ♪♪ I've been coming here for years, bro. You know what I'm saying? Good people. ♪♪ ♪♪ At the end of the day, you're this tiniest little speck in the Universe. [ Echoing, dance music playing ] A good way to remember that is to go outside and look at the stars and realize how... insignificant you are. [ Echoing, dance music playing ] ♪♪ ♪♪ All of our friends are here. It's really exciting that they came to support us. Other parties sold out, so I think there is a lot of people downstairs, so but... Unfortunately, there's not really much... - That we can do. - We can do. - Can I help you guys? - Is this the alien thing-y? - The what? - The alien thing? Do you guys have tickets or... Um, we're with, like, Brandy and Chloe. - Who? - Brandy and Chloe. - Brandy and Chloe. - Who's that? Exactly, see? What's your name? Sergio Farias. Is it just the three of you? - Yeah. - Yeah. - All right. You guys aren't on the list, but I'm going to let you in, okay? Okay, thanks. I just need your IDs. - IDs? - Our IDs? IDs. You know, when you go out to a bar, like, "Let's see if your ID?" Yeah, but I thought this was, like... - Yeah, yeah. - I need to see IDs, unfortunately. This is so embarrassing. Usually, if you're going to invite someone, you let them know, "Yo, this is how it's going down do this, do that," and I followed every instruction they gave me, but it wasn't very accurate. It's just so... up. I feel like the movie "Legally Blonde" where they tell her to go to the party as a playmate, and nobody is dressed. It is what it is. Next time. ♪♪ Like, we wasted a lot of time to make an effort to even, like, come to this party, and we're not dressed like aliens because I'm sure aliens... We don't even know what aliens look like, so aliens... Everyone could have been an alien. Haven't you seen "Men in Black?" ♪♪ ♪♪ Narrator: Hollywood is a very small town, and when you talk bad about someone behind their back, they're bound to find out. I've had a lot of people in my life kiss my ass to my face. As soon as I turn around, they're whispering behind my back. I guess some people are so desperate to make it out here, they'll tell people whatever they want to hear or say outrageous things for attention, even if they don't mean it. Sergio: Those... girls, Brandy and Candy, whatever their names are, they li- They literally had this bullshit... party. No, they had this bullshit party, and then we... At a bar! - We were leaving there... - At a bar. Like, I don't judge people like people think I do. I don't know. I don't know. You sound like... I could see how you would have a good heart, but then you, like, do stuff where I'm like... - You do. - "That's so mean." You do, but you just put up an exterior for whatever reason... - Yeah. - For the sake of not being... But if someone didn't know you, I could see how they would think you're, like, an asshole. A bitch, yeah. I guess. Growing up, I was very bullied. In eighth grade, I was, like, the first person to shave my legs, and people were like, "Look at that faggot," or like, whatever they may have said at the time, like I would just start to make fun of myself. Like, I use humor as a way to, like, escape reality, so I just laugh things off, and it's just, like, normal to me now. I'm a people's person. You are a people pleaser. - I'm not going to deny that. - Okay, someone get the tissues. I know, it's getting real deep in here. It's getting real... deep. ♪♪ Sergio: I'm having, like, my own party creative idea that I'm having, and it's an "Eyes Wide Shut" theme party. It's inspired by Stanley Kubrick's movie "Eyes Wide Shut." I just want all my special friends to be there, everyone who I support and supports me. Okay, let's get down to business... - Holy shit. - And, like, start planning out my party because I only want to have, like, a few guys, maybe, like, five, 10, and then I want to, like, get masks and then hand them out. It's definitely something we definitely have to do. ♪♪ ♪♪ I'm having a party at this, like, dope-ass place. It's in Hollywood. It's called "The Blind Dragon," and it's an "Eyes Wide Shut" theme party. You know the movie "Eyes Wide Shut?" - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - It's so... hot. - It seems cool. - And, like, um, it's, like, for real, like, I'm launching my, like, blog, my lifestyle blog, and... You have a blog? Yes. Well, I don't communicate with you because you don't call me. So last night, I went to this party for this girl Chloe and Zoey or whatever, Chloe and Mandy... ...I forgot their name. Whatever. And, like, they invited me. I think it was a pity invite, like a pity... but I don't know. So then, like, literally, like, they didn't disclose any information. They were like, "Come to my party," and I was like, "Okay, I'll come." Yeah, "I'll come." I was, like, you know, because that's nice of them to... It was nice of them to invite me, so I was, like, "Okay, I'm going to go," and then, like, A, they didn't tell me it was at a bar. Ashley is, like, 19. She can't be at a bar. Wait, is that why you want to have a party, as well? Like, you just came up with this magical blog so you can upstage them? Listen, I'm not like that, but I want have a better... I just want to be, like, "I'm having a better party, and it's, like, mine's going to be chic-er, sleeker." It's... Credit card? You got it. I guess I do need to get... I mean, this is, like, my job, basically, you know, like, going to events and, like, being seen and, like, keeping relevant. Have you gotten paid for that? I've gotten paid once to show up to an event. Once. How long have you been doing this? Ten years. You don't have a job. You don't have money. You don't have nothing. I have cute clothes. But I'm going to school. How many years are you in? This is my second year. Oh, my gosh. No, you have to understand, I went to fashion and design school when I was 18. Okay, so... What does that, like, help for you? Are you actually doing something with that? I'm going to eventually have my own clothing line. Okay, it's a slow process. I must agree, but it is working, I promise. It's a work in progress. ♪♪ ♪♪ We are going to use them as promotion on Instagram. Oh, he brought people that didn't an ID or something? We didn't hear about it. Yeah. Probably a good thing. I, like, had a couple friends that were at the door, too, and they didn't get in, so... - He did? - Oh, he did? Did you show him not getting in? You filmed him not getting in? You guys are... brutal, dude. Do I think I should have invited Chloe and Brandy to my party since they invited me to their's? Um, no. ♪♪ I'm having this party. It's for my lifestyle brand, where I'm going to be selling accessories and eventually, I'm going to be selling clothing and stuff. Me and my friends, we, like, support each other in, like, all business and, like, friendship and supporting. You look so cute! Hey. Thanks for coming. Hi! What's your name? Stephanie. Stephanie. You have really big boobs. Oh! I keep telling them, like, this person came, this person came, this person came, this person did not come... her. This person did not come. ...her. That's... up. Hey, I haven't seen you in forever. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Ooh, you smell good. Thank you so much. It's all a game. ♪♪ A lot of my friends are, like, already, like, Instagram-ing, like, videos and stuff, so it's good publicity because a lot of these girls have, like, a big following in Instagram, like, you know, 20 plus, so, help promote the brand. ♪♪ Vulnerable, yeah, I believe I do have a problem with being vulnerable. I think that everyone... I don't know. The word vulnerable is just so weird to me. ♪♪ Woman: I really love L. A. because I'm from here, so I think a lot of the people that aren't from L. A. come here with this idea in their mind that it's super glitzy and glamour-y, and they end up partying too much and wasting all their money and having to go home. Woman: I feel like Sergio is young and just trying to find himself, maybe a little too judge-y. Woman: I think his, like, priorities are a little off. ♪♪ Yeah. Thank you so much for coming today. Each and every one of you were hand-selected by me to come because you guys complete me. - Aw! - Love you. [ Cheering ] I used to care about what people said about me so much, but now, I don't anymore. I've learned over the years that it doesn't matter what people think about you. What matters most what you think of yourself. ♪♪ Sergio: I'm investing all this time and energy, and, like, my time is precious. Like, at the end, everyone just leaves, and it's, like, sad. Like, dying alone is just so scary to me. You don't die as a group. It's, like, we die alone. We leave alone, and then, that makes me... scared. ♪♪ ♪ Dawn bird flies above the land of dreams ♪ ♪ Soar and float above the shadowed streams ♪ ♪ Land of crystal waters pour ♪ ♪ Flows unto... ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 