Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e4 - Maddie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 4 - Maddie - full transcript 
 Maddie is an artist diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. As @snakelively, she makes comedic memes while attempting to establish herself as an artist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Paris: I love going on Instagram and seeing people express themselves through art and memes. I've been noticing some of the kids using it to talk about their problems, and other kids who have the same issues are reacting in the Comments section. It kind of works like group therapy, I guess. I'm a very sensitive person, so anytime someone's upset and I know about it, it'll affect me throughout the day. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 After all, we're all human. ♪♪ My name is Maddie Knight. I was born in New Jersey. I had a lot of, like, instability. I just - I think I partially was just, like, born really, like, kind of neurotic. [ Camera shutter clicks ] Photographer: Cute. [ Camera shutter clicking ] I used to get really, really scared or really upset, to the point where it'd be, like, out of control, and I didn't really know how to handle it. They would just, like, ignore me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think I would just panic and I felt like I was gonna die if no one, like, was around me, and I was so scared to be alone. No one would respond to me, so I'd just start - I would start, like, hurting myself so that they would maybe, like, come help me. ♪♪ [ Cellphone ringing ] [ Ringing continues ] My therapist texted me and was like, "Are you gonna call me?" I'm pretty sure she's trying to, like, therapy break up with me. It's kind of a bummer to get rejected by, like, a therapist. It's like, "Ah, ...," like... [ Laughs ] Like, out of the - like, right off the bat, like, probably, like, three or four, but, like, I've seen a lot of different therapists. [ Elevator bell dings ] ♪♪ Dr. Narasimhan: I understand you moved to L. A. recently? Yeah, um, it was really hard to find a therapist. Kind of hard to find people who work with, like, borderline and with, like, trauma stuff. It just ends up being kind of tricky. I had the same thing in Chicago, where it's, like, even after meeting with people, they were like, "Oh, I just don't think this is a good fit." What brought you to L. A.? Um, school. I transferred to Otis. And Otis is a school of design or...? Yeah, art and design. I applied there 'cause I wanted to live in L. A. ♪♪ I'm rarely on time. I'm not the greatest driver. [ Horns honking, blaring, engine revving ] Oop. ♪♪ I don't really know a lot of people at this school yet, 'cause I just transferred last semester, and I, like, only took three classes last semester because I had to withdraw from a lot 'cause I just wasn't doing good, and, like, like, I was just, like, too, like, discombobulated and, like, depressed to, like, do all the work. You know, I usually find that people who have, like, an aptitude in one kind of art do a lot of different kinds of art, as well. So do you do other things, as well? Um... ♪♪ I started, like, an Instagram where I made memes about being crazy. "How to make it seem like your life is cool and exciting when secretly you are really just hanging on by a thread and are barely able to take care of yourself." "Replace intimacy with food. Why crying and eating ice cream sandwiches in a Walgreens parking lot at 4:00 a. m. is better than hearing someone say that they love you." I honestly don't know why Cosmo hasn't hired me yet. [ Bizet's "Habanera" plays ] Memes for me are just, like, a way of making fun of my problems. ...it. [ Whirring ] I feel like it's easier for other people to connect to me when I'm being funny, versus when I'm being serious. [ Music continues ] Walking to pick up my lithium at the Walgreens on Vine Street. I take medication. I take mood stabilizers. I love seeing my name in the shining light. Hey, what's up, YouTubers? I'm about to unbox this lithium. As you can see, it comes in a nice orange container, a nice, crisp, white cap that says "Walgreens." As you can see, it says "lithium carbonate, 300-milligram capsules." I'm gonna pour out three of the pills. I'm gonna go ahead and pop all three in my mouth. [ Music continues ] [ Muffled ] I put them under my tongue 'cause I don't want to taste it. [ Music continues ] And now I feel great. Yeah. I guess I'm mostly nervous about it. Ka5sh: Hello. Maddie: Hi. What's up? Nothing. Are you on your way? 'Cause I've been here for, like - oh, like, 30, 40 minutes. I've been waiting. Yeah, we're on the way. Ka5sh and I are pretty close friends. I think he's, like, my best friend. Ka5sh: We met through Instagram. She likes the same kind of, like, fringe Internet humor as me. ♪ Man, I'm depressed ♪ ♪ Man, I'm depressed, baby ♪ ♪ Man, I'm depressed ♪ ♪ I'm depressed, babe ♪ ♪ Well, I'm depressed ♪ And she's, like, super weird in a way that I've never met. I just look out for her and stuff. Is this the place? Ka5sh: We're, like, Instagram artists. What is Instagram? Um... [ Laughs ] It says "Me watching my life become more and more unmanageable and out of control, from the comfort of the hole that I dug myself into." So you made this? [ Laughing ] Yes. The joke is, her life is in shambles. [ Both laugh ] [ Laughter ] Scary? So, um... ♪♪ It's weird to explain that this is a joke to people. Yeah. More like, "You should probably get help." Yeah. [ Laughs ] Maddie's art is really different, especially for, like, people her age. They'd probably be doing, like, pop-culture shit. But hers is, like, really abstract and different, and, like, at first, I didn't get it 'cause I was, like, "You make memes. You're also making, like, weird art that I assume that, like, old white people would like and buy." But it's, like, it's tight. I get it. I feel the emotion behind what she does. Oh, sick. A phone. How do you dial Instagram? Hello? Can I please speak to Instagram? Operator, I'm just trying to send a meme to Instagram on this phone, here. Get Instagram on the phone right now! Or there's gonna be a big problem! Do you know how important I am? I'm a meme star! [ Laughs ] ODr. Narasimhan: mhan: So, what's it been like, moving from Chicago to Los Angeles? I guess, like, in a way, I kind of thought, like, going to this, like, school, I was, like, maybe it's gonna be, like, a little bit better and I think I've noticed that a lot of it, for me, still does feel the same and that wouldn't ever change, no matter, like, where I live. Hmm. Like, whether I live in L. A. or Antarctica or whatever. Hmm. ♪♪ Dr. Narasimhan: A lot of people move to Los Angeles pursuing a dream, and such creative passion can come with its challenges. It can be incredibly rewarding and fulfilling when things are going well, and it can also be stressful when there's a lot of rejection, or it's not being acknowledged. So that can come with a lot of stress. Shit! - What's wrong? - I'm stupid. I didn't, like, think about the orientation, so I'm gonna flip some of them. God... damn it. When I turned 18, I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. Like, my brain doesn't feel like one brain. It's, like, shattered in a bunch of pieces. There's this evil part that, like, hurts me and does this bad stuff, and then there's something that takes care of me so that I don't die. But I also feel outside of myself and I feel like I kind of just experience this where I'm just kind of watching it happen. After this, we should just, like, smoke weed and eat food and be chill. I feel like a gerbil. Stuck in a cage? [ Sirens blaring ] Maddie: Like, if you go on the Internet and you, like, Google, like, "borderline personality disorder," all the, like, articles that come up are like, "I dated a girl with borderline personality disorder, and it was the worst!" ♪♪ I recently bought, like,... 500 spiders on Amazon. I'm like, "... yeah, I've got to put spiders ...everywhere." I just bought, like, a... power drill. I just started just... drilling holes in everything, and I was like, "...! This is, like, art." And I was, like, fostering this dog, and I put, like, paint on his feet, and I was like, "Moofie, you've got to... paint, too." Like, "I want you to paint." And he was just like, "Don't." Like, I don't know why I did that. Man: I've never been here. I feel like there's other people in my head. I feel like I try really hard to relate to people and I don't do it in the right ways. And it's never gonna go away. I still feel, like, scared and upset, but, like, at least it's, like, when I acknowledge those things kind of in a way that's, like, playful or feel like I'm in control, it, like, kind of cuts away some of the, like, terror. Dr. Narasimhan: Borderline personality disorder is a mental illness where people have trouble regulating their moods. Constant mood swings. Dr. Narasimhan: They have trouble regulating their behavior. I, like, see myself doing stuff or, like, saying things, and I'm like, "Why the... are you doing that?" Dr. Narasimhan: Oftentimes, they have issues with their own self-image. Maddie: I'll look in the mirror, and I'll see, like, an evil monster or an old lady. Dr. Narasimhan: And this is the pattern. This is a repetitive pattern. ♪♪ Maddie: I've always, like, since I was really little, had the, like, urge to hurt myself. I've tried to... kill myself so many times. I've tried it - like, I've done all this crazy shit. This one was when, like, I almost cut to my tendon. Which would have sucked 'cause, like, I'm a righty. I got, like, banned from going in the kitchen because I just, like, drank bleach. Like, I just grabbed a bottle and started drinking bleach. I, like, stopped eating and drinking completely, and I, like, refused to until I, like, forgot my name. Then they took me to the hospital. Have you ever looked at yourself like a good friend or a best friend? Like, what would you say to yourself? I would not want to be friends with myself. Really? Yeah, I'm, like, the worst. Like... How are - Explain that to me... ...I'm like so... ...'cause I'm talking to you now, right now, and, like, you seem incredibly likable. So tell me what makes you - I mean, that's what happens. I, like, trick everybody. People get tricked. And that's why I'll make friends and they'll be gone within a few months, because - Well, what happens? What happens that they go away? [ Voice breaking ] I don't know. Mm-hmm. [ Sniffling ] O0 C1 Paris: I've definitely struggled with anxiety before, but I won't pretend to know what Maddie is going through. We all have our battles, and some are worse than others. All I can do is help tell her story for others to hear. Sometimes this life can take a toll on you and it becomes too much. The bravest thing to do when you're struggling is to ask for help. As lonely as this city can be, it's important to remember that people are going through the same thing as you. No matter how hard it gets, always remember that you're not alone. It's a sunny day in Los Angeles. The sun is up, shining, and it's a perfect day to resent all your friends. Someone just told me on Instagram that I looked like this one meth-head girl from "Intervention." And I was like, "Please stop." [ Laughs ] Oh, no. ...rude. Just because we're both blond and disheveled. [ Laughter ] How are you feeling about the show tonight? I'm feeling a little nervous, slash... Yeah, that's the move. That's the remedy to your nerves. I'm better now. ♪♪ [ Distorted voices and laughter ] [ Laughing ] This is so... weird. I think I smoked too much weed for this. [ Laughter ] I've had, like, times where I've heard, like, crying sounds, like, kids crying, and then, like, sometimes I'll hear my name, which is stressful. Wait, did someone say my name? Ka5sh: No. God. Sorry. I'm just gonna go outside. [ Maddie crying ] I think, like, people always are like, "Oh, you're gonna find the right people, like, who you get along with and who care about you." That dress looks so good. I love the pearls. Maddie: And, like, that might be true, but I know that, like, when things start to become bad that I was the problem. So it doesn't matter, like, who I find, if it's the right people or what. I'll still, like,... that up. ♪♪ [ Indistinct conversations ] @coolslutsclub: The show only started just a little bit ago. So far, I think it's really good. Like, we have a bunch of people from Instagram that we all kind of knew from various, like, group chats, and so it's really cool to see them out here. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. Ka5sh: I know she's, like, really nervous just 'cause it's her first, like, art show. I think she's really excited still. Thank you so much. Cool. Everyone's hugging me today. It's good. [ Laughs ] Ka5sh: She wanted to separate her memes from her actual art. She views them differently - not that she doesn't take one less seriously than the other one, but she wanted to showcase her art. When I see this, I'm thinking of, you know, Jesus, and he's, uh... What did he do when he got on the cross? I actually don't remember. Man: I like this one. It has a lot of movement to it. It's very strange. I like that. @coolslutsclub: This has been very stressful, but also really exciting. I think that, honestly, after this, it'll be a lot of, like, decompression. [ Laughs ] 'Cause this has been a little bit high-stress. [ Indistinct conversations ] ♪♪ Dr. Narasimhan: It sounds to me that the biggest challenges right now, for you, is the moods when they get really low, like when you feel kind of lonely and empty... Mm-hmm. ...and, um, hopeless, at times. And then it's a struggle feeling connected to people and securing those connections. What? Sounds like those are the two biggest things you deal with. [ Sniffles ] ♪♪ Do you feel like people can change at any time in life? Like, they can work on certain things and change things about themselves or how they interact with the world or look at the world? In general, yeah. People can change. Have you heard when people say, "I'm not the same person I was 10 years ago or 15 years ago. I'm a different version"? Yeah. Would it seem credible to you if I or someone else were to say, "I actually have a lot of hope for you"? Could you believe it? It's not like I haven't tried. Like - Like, I tried really hard. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. [ Voice breaking ] I don't want to be like this. Like, my life is miserable. [ Sniffles ] Like, if I was gonna change, like, why aren't I? I've... tried to change a lot of times. [ Crying ] [ Sniffles ] But, like... It's not like - It's not like I want to be like this. Mm. [ Sniffles ] O0 C1 Paris: Maddie's posts, sometimes they're funny, and then, other times, I can tell that she's going through something and she seems like she's in a lot of pain. But I think she also has a brilliant mind, and I see something really special in her. ♪♪ Dr. Narasimhan: Are you ever able to look at yourself with compassion? Like, are you ever able to say, "Hey, I'm struggling with my mood"? You know, "I'm trying to create a career." ♪♪ I have nothing more to say about this, I feel like. Yeah. I just came here, and I was upset. I don't know. I just felt upset. Like, I always feel sad after, like, things happen that are like - like, big, I guess - like, things that are, like, supposed to be big events. It's, like, afterwards, it's like, "Ohhhh." Like, I felt like there was, like... ...someone, like... telling me, like, bad things. But it was, like, so disturbing 'cause that was, like, all that I could, like, hear in my head. Just that, like, everyone, like, hates me and that, like, no one actually, like, cares and that, like, everyone's lying to me all the time and that, like... everyone would be, like, happier if I died. Yeah. [ Sighs ] Can I - Can you just - can you take a break for a second? ♪♪ [ Drawer opens, closes ] ♪♪ Dr. Narasimhan: Sometimes, when we are in a low mood or we look at life in a certain way, our perceptions aren't always accurate. Like, you can see yourself as somebody who hasn't achieved much or hasn't succeeded, but the reality could be - and in your case, you have achieved things that a lot of other people have not achieved. Are you able to see that? ♪♪ ♪ Dark bird flies above the land of dreams ♪ ♪ Silent flight above the shadowed streams ♪ ♪ Land of crystal waters poured ♪ ♪ Flows onto... ♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 