Hollywood Love Story: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hollywood Love Story 
 s1e1 - Riiottt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hollywood Love Story (2018): Season 1, Episode 1 - Riiottt - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Paris: I've lived in LA my whole life, so I've seen a lot of people move here. They want to be a musician. They want to sing, think they're going to be the next Britney Spears or Rihanna. But it's not as easy as it looks. You got to want it bad. You have to work hard because nothing comes for free. First and foremost, I'm a fairy. My name is Riiottt, and I'm living in LA. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm from New York City. And I'm a music artist here to save the world. I moved to LA literally with a freaking suitcase of random clothes, a bag with my platforms, a bunch of wigs, and 80 bucks in my pocket. I knew that this is where I was supposed to be. My music is... undescribable. When I'm in a room, something happens. It's some type of magical energy that just spews out of me. My music is going to change the world. I'm going to be the next Michael Jackson. ♪♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪♪ ♪♪ When your life pleases the Lord, he will make sure your enemies are at peace with you. Don't be discouraged. God will help you walk in greatness all the days of your life. Just my energy itself, I know how potent it is, and I know how magical it is, and I feel like I definitely help heal people for sure. ♪♪ I definitely think the stylists of these celebrities are, like, stealing my style. When I saw that picture of Kylie at Coachella, my heart stopped. That... bitch stole my hair. Like, I'm sorry, she stole my hair. You want to copy my hairstyle, that's fine. Just let me set that tone first. I'm on Instagram all day. I pose probably twice a day because I want people to see, like, me, like, in action. ♪♪ My living situation at the moment is definitely a bit rocky. I'm living in a two-bedroom apartment in Silver Lake. It's five other people, five other energies to deal with. Well, my bedroom is divided by curtains, but I'm, like, literally in the hallway. Flash: Riiottt is my real friend. We've been friends for a long time, like, since, like, Myspace times, we've been friends. But she was a little more punk when I first met her because she got her name from Paramore, their first album, "Riot!" And that was her name from then. Like, she never cared. She will wear crazy hair, platforms. And, where we're from, that's not a thing to be in the hood and be Gothic. That was us. That's how we were. What's up with your music? Are you - What are you about to jive? Doing anything? - Yeah. I'm definitely working on an EP for sure. I'm going to probably do a listening party. Did you book anything? Yeah, I'm going to probably book some shit soon. Hey, guys. I have some big news coming up. I have a lot of new music, new shows, and more treats for you guys. Definitely stay tuned, and I can't wait to drop all it! [ Chuckles ] My dreams in life, I would say I want to inspire people. That's, like, number one. But I need lavish. I need cars in my driveway. I need sold-out arenas. I need tours. I need fur everywhere, neon colors. My first vehicle that I'm going to purchase is a G-Wagen, but I want it to be neon green. I don't think about failure at all because it's impossible. Impossible, literally. It's not even a thought. I never think about that, never, honestly. And there's no way I'm going to fail. ♪♪ When I make money, it's normally photo shoots. - Riiottt, are you ready? - Oh. - Yeah. - You are? ♪♪ Social media is sort of like a portfolio of, like, self-representation. Getting some good ones. It's very powerful. I feel like myself and a lot of people are trying to figure out the balance between Instagram and real life. What is real life anymore? ♪♪ Paris: Pushing through even though I want to bust out in tears. ♪♪ I'm dying my hair because I got to... This is my color. I have to. I don't know if it's from me wanting attention when I was younger, but I'm just loud. I'm a riot. I don't have a car, so I waste all my money on Ubers. Uber saved my life. Dealing with housing and work and juggling studio time is super hard. I'm not going to lie. I'm just - The only thing that's getting me by is faith and prayer. I don't budget. I just spend money. But that's why I'm always broke. I don't know how to save money. Like, that's why I was like, "I need to be rich," because I can't save money. ♪♪ Woman: Baby! [ Cheering ] Come upstairs. Man: Let's create at the Kanga House. Riiottt: I record all of my music at the Kanga House. The Kanga House is an amazing creative space. They provide me with studio equipment, production, engineering, pretty much basically whatever I need to, like, get a song completed. LA is a city that's filled with people who come from various parts of the country to pursue their big dreams, right? So Riiottt is the prime example of just, like, a great girl who just has great music and a great craft to give to the world. Anthony is amazing. He's, like, the head honcho of the house. When I first met him, it was nothing but good vibes, good energy. He welcomed me with open arms. What Anthony tells me, I'm rolling. He tells me, I'm just chilling. That's what we do. The way Kanga works is it's like... Imagine Instagram meets Amazon, right? So it's social media that meets e-commerce. Instead of tagging people in photos, you're tagging products. And then, if people buy those products from your photos, you get paid 10% of the sale. So, for instance, I could take a picture of myself in this outfit. And I could tag my hat. I could tag my shirt. And if you happen to like my shirt or my hat, you can then go, and you can purchase it right then and there in three clicks, and I get paid a percentage of the sale. I love him. He's, like - he's amazing. So, for someone like Riiottt, specifically a young artist that's coming up in the game, she has a very unique style that her fans want to look like her, feel like her too, in a good way because they feel attached to her. Just being at Kanga alone, I've met, like, so many different creative people. It's a good networking environment. Riiottt was like, "Samiere, I hear how you sing. I know that you do vocal coaching and artist development, et cetera." So she was like, "Can you just come sit on a couple of sessions and just get a feel for, like, the vocals and breathe techniques?" I was like, "Hell, yeah." ♪ Living in a space station ♪ ♪ In my space station ♪ ♪ Living in a space station ♪ ♪ In my space sta, sta, sta ♪ ♪ Living in... ♪ Aah! Wait, I wanna do it again. So, when you're singing, I want you to breathe more. ♪ Living in my ♪ ♪ In my space station ♪ I... up. - No, that was good. Azera: When I engineer Riiottt's vocals, I try to, like, you know, bring it out of Earth almost. I try to, like, make the listener feel like they're in a different world, so to speak, like... What is going on on - What is this? This T-shirt? This is Anthony's T-shirt. We got a pair of boobs right here, and it looks like she's rolling up... Looks like a fat joint. So I think the contrast between the whole thing is kind of cool because it's not just a pair of boobs on a shirt. It's, like, deeper than that, you know? He took the photo. - He took the photo? - Yeah. - Wow. - Like, of the - this photo. That's amazing. I love it. I love it. - Yeah, you should talk to him. We do things for the art. We think about the money afterwards. No, we have not made the amount of money back that we've invested in the app, but we have started making money from the first day. Move your elbows on that. And so I thought, "Let's offer creators this space where they can come, free of inhibition, and they can get all of that creativity out." Riiottt: So, I'm currently living at my apartment in Silver Lake. It's a tight situation. I mean, it's pretty stressful for me. I'm praying and hoping that, soon, my situation will change because I can just, like, be in, like, a creative space, and I could just record my music all day, just focus on that. I feel like I'm appreciated here. Like, people in New York, like, they looked at me as if, like, they didn't know whether they should like me. Macaroni and cheese, roast beef, shrimp and zucchini. But there's still salmon and rice. Flash: Hollywood is not fake, but it's just not as honest. The way that everyone moves in New York is a little more real. LA, in general, is the perfect place for Riiottt because, anywhere else, I don't think they would take her as serious. Well, here in LA, people are like, [Gasps] "You're so cool. Like, wow. Like, I want to be your friend." Even if it's fake, you're still like... They're still reaching out. It's just, like, it's cool. Okay. I'm going to stand up. - Go ahead. I got to get the power up. I'm having a listening party, and I would love for everybody to come. And I'm going to play my songs on my EP. Is anybody down to come? Woman: Nah, I couldn't. I got something to do. We going to just drink, have fun, dance... I got something to do that day. ...shake ass, twerk. Flash: The roommate dynamic, it's, like, no one is, like, fake. No one hides how they feel. Everyone is just like, "I didn't like that." And no one kind of hides it. It's just, like, that's just what it is. Would you guys be, like, willing to, like, help me promote the party, like, on social media? - Instagram. - No. - Instagram? - Nah. Riiottt's my real friend, so if she ever asks me a question, I'm going to tell her the truth. I'm going to be honest. And she might like it. And she might not like it. But I'm not going to lie because that's not what friends do. Cheers to positivity, love, being in control of your mind. - Creativity. You don't want to surround yourself with yes-men. You're not going to get anywhere because everything is going to be a yes. I'd rather have somebody tell me my shit is wack then tell me my shit is cool and then walk out of the room and say my shit was wack. Just tell me, man. - Cheers. - Cheers. - Cheers. I love you guys. Wait. Do you guys love me? - Love you. - Cheers. Wait, I - Hello? Do you guys love me? - Yeah. What? - Yes. Then tell me straight up that you love me. I love you, Riiottt, even though you're crazy. Flash: Every idea is not always a yes. And sometimes it could be a no. Or it could be a, "Yes, but let's tweak it," you know, like, and I'm always going to be honest and tell her. [ Thunder rumbles ] Paris: I've always loved music. When I was a little girl, I looked up to Madonna so much. And she was a huge inspiration to me. My mom and Michael Jackson grew up with each other and were best friends since they were 13. He was literally one of a kind, no one like him. I miss him. I feel really lucky with everything that happened with me and music. But now I see a lot of kids moving here to become musicians. It's a tough business. A lot of people come and go, just people who are in the industry. Maybe they have, like, a year, a few years. I've seen a lot of people crash and burn. Well, I'm going to get ready for my show tonight. And... everybody should follow me. April? April is a really good friend of mine. She's just there for me. [ Laughs ] Wow. I met Riiottt probably a year ago through a mutual friend. I actually had a situation where I had to leave the house I was staying, and her roommates were giving her, like, a week to leave the house that she was at. We slept in a car together quite a few times, got blankets, cracked the windows, wake up, found somewhere to shower and started our day, like, all over again. We were in it with each other. Riiottt: I'm doing this paid gig tonight. It's at this club called Union. And I'm expecting greatness. There's nothing like that feeling of expressing yourself in front of thousands of people. Should we leave at 7:00, hon? It's seven? We got to move. It just, honestly, I know this might sound cocky, but I don't listen to my music often because it gives me anxiety because it's so good to me. And I feel like, "Wow." You know what I mean? That was really cocky. But I really don't care. - The Union is right here. - Okay. We got to go through the back. I'm worried about this show because I'm afraid people won't show up. And I don't want to perform for two people in the audience again like I've been doing my whole life. If I don't get the energy back that I'm giving, then I'm going to walk off stage and leave out the building, and that's going to be that. The fan base was kind of, like, low, which was weird because we expected, like, more of her friends to show up. Riiottt was pretty anxious that night. Could have went better. I feel like stuff was a little bit disorganized. You know, they didn't even have a DJ for her. Like, her housemates said they would be there to support her, but what can I say about that? I feel like maybe she just felt, like, alone, maybe like her friends didn't believe in her as much as she did. I'm, like, hassling with the audience. Like, I'm pretty much begging them to come to the front. Thank you so much. There's nobody really here. I brought my friends out. This is pretty embarrassing on my part. ♪♪ I don't know. People were just... They didn't really know what to expect. They just see a girl with green hair on stage. ♪♪ Listen, you guys... [ Sighs ] ♪♪ People, like, they kind of don't hang out with you if you don't have clout. They don't hang out with you if you're not, like, on the scene. It's a Hollywood thing... LA, and everybody is okay with it because that's just how things are, apparently. Riiottt: To not be here on my big night, yo, that's just - It's not - It's not - It's not right. Everybody, yo, everybody in the house, bro, since I've been there, I've been to everybody's... set. So for you to not be here on my big night, it's not fair. Like, it hurt. I couldn't get there. I literally couldn't get there. I was trying so hard, but I couldn't get there. I was waiting for someone to bring me the money so I could get my car there, and I just couldn't get there. I'm looking at this picture. I can feel the exact feeling I felt at this very moment, peace and love. Feelings of me growing in all that I'm doing... Paris: Feelings of me growing in all that I'm doing, and also just not giving a flying... what anyone has to say about me anymore. Love it. Riiottt: Who wants to stay stagnant in life? No one. Evolution is key. God is the source. Amen. ♪♪ Swizzymack: Yeah, I played empty shows before. You know, I played these festivals, and I've played empty shows. It's - It's a build-up, you know. You got to start somewhere. And, with those experiences, you get to build into your artistry. Because I'm not going to keep putting out the same music, and I'm not going to keep growing the same way if I keep getting the same reaction to it. If I change my music, and I get a better reaction, then maybe that's the way I should go. You know, I think she learns from that too. I want her to go to Japan so bad. I feel like, if she goes to Japan, she's just going to blow. She has the look, the sound, the attitude. I think that Japan is definitely better for her than Hollywood. Okay, you guys. I'm finally moving out of my apartment. And I can't believe it. Now I got to focus on myself and my energy. I just have so many clothes. Like... I mean, I knew I had a lot of clothes. But, like, damn. I remember when I literally used to have no clothes, like, none. I was wearing the same shit every day. And I'm thankful because I remember when I didn't have shit. I love them all to death, but I feel like, um... I feel like it's about that time, you know? I feel like I've outgrown them in someone ways. Today, I'm off to Kanga. This is my suitcase. [ Grunts ] Just an update for you guys, I am packing my shit. I'm getting the... out. It's time to go start a new chapter in my life. Just to be honest, my phone bill is $500. [ Chuckles ] My rent is due. I have zero dollars in my account. I have to understand that this life is not necessarily my life. I'm living for God. And I don't necessarily have to, like, worry about how I'm going to eat, how I'm going to have clothes in my bag, how I'm going to pay my rent because I didn't ask to come in this world. He put me here for a reason, so that means that He's going to provide my every need. That's why I have to, like, remind myself constantly to just, like, stay in faith and know that whatever is meant to be will be. It's only for your greater good. ♪♪ Paris: In this town, a lot of people will tell you how great you are. And maybe they're right. Maybe you are great. - Whew. Hello. Is anybody home? Hello? Paris: Or maybe people like you for a different reason than the one they want them to like you for. Hello? Hi. - Hey. Riiottt, you're home. So be careful who you trust. And never stop believing in yourself. ♪ Dark bird flies above the land of dreams ♪ ♪ Silent flight about the shadowed streams ♪ ♪ Land of crystal waters pour ♪ ♪ Flows unto the blackened shores ♪ ♪ Purple-feathered, onyxed eyes ♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 